Case Summary Summary Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments
Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Tan Seet Eng _v_ Attorney-General  
[2015] SGHC 18

Case Number| :| Originating Summons No 772 of 2014  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 22 January 2015  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Tay Yong Kwang J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Hamidul Haq, Thong Chee Kun, Istyana Ibrahim and Ho Lifen
(Rajah & Tann LLP) for the applicant; Hay Hung Chun, Jeyendran Jeyapal, Kevin
Tan and Ailene Chou (Attorney-General's Chambers) for the respondent.  
Parties| :|  TAN SEET ENG  
  
[LawNet Editorial Note: The appeal to this decision in Civil Appeal No 201 of
2014 and Summons No 263 of 2015 was allowed by the Court of Appeal on 25
November 2015. See [2015] SGCA 59.]

22 January 2015|  
---|---  
  
Tay Yong Kwang J:

Introduction

1 This matter arose out of the detention of the applicant, Tan Seet Eng (“the
Applicant”), under s 30 of the Criminal Law (Temporary Provisions) Act (Cap
67, 2000 Rev Ed) (“CLTPA”) for allegedly being involved in match-fixing
activities globally. In this application, the Applicant prayed for the
following orders:

(a) that an Order for Review of Detention (“ORD”) be issued forthwith against
the Minister for Home Affairs and/or the Superintendent of Institution A3,
Cluster A, Changi Prison Complex;

(b) alternatively, that a summons for the ORD be issued; and

(c) in the event that a summons is issued, that the Applicant be brought
before the court during the hearing of the application for the ORD.

The Attorney-General (“the AG”) opposed the present application.

2 Both parties first appeared before me on 28 October 2014. The hearing could
not proceed due to a dispute over some allegations made by the Applicant in
his reply affidavit filed on 21 October 2014. I therefore adjourned the
hearing and allowed the AG to file further reply affidavits and, if necessary,
for the Applicant to file his final reply affidavit thereafter. After the
hearing, the AG filed three further affidavits to deal with the Applicant’s
allegations that he was not asked to make representations to the Criminal Law
Advisory Committee (Review) (“CLAR”) and that he was not informed of the
outcome of the CLAR hearing. No further reply affidavit was filed by the
Applicant thereafter. The hearing subsequently took place on 19 November 2014.
After hearing the parties, I dismissed the application. The Applicant has
appealed against my decision. I now set out my reasons for dismissing the
application.

The facts

The arrest

3 The Applicant was first arrested on 16 September 2013 for allegedly being
involved in match-fixing activities globally. On the first day of his arrest,
the Applicant gave a statement under s 27 of the Prevention of Corruption Act
(Cap 241, 1993 Rev Ed) (“PCA”). The Applicant alleged that the statement was
recorded by ASP Ho Kah King Joseph (“ASP Ho”), an officer from the Commercial
Affairs Department (“CAD”). As will be seen subsequently, the Applicant has
relied on the fact that the statement was recorded by a CAD officer, and not
an officer from the Corrupt Practices Investigation Bureau (“CPIB”), as one of
the grounds for establishing procedural impropriety. It was further alleged by
the Applicant that ASP Ho continued to record the statement on the second and
third days of the Applicant’s arrest.

The detention under the CLTPA

4 Within 48 hours of his initial arrest, the Applicant was arrested by ASP Ho
under s 44(1) of the CLTPA on 18 September 2013. Following his arrest, the
Applicant was detained for a further period of 48 hours under s 44(2) of the
CLTPA. On 20 September 2013, before the expiry of the 48-hour period, the
Applicant was detained for a further period of 14 days under s 44(3) of the
CLTPA. At that point in time, there was an exchange of correspondence between
the Applicant’s solicitors, Rajah & Tann LLP (“R&T”), and the authorities. The
solicitors requested access to the Applicant but their request was turned down
by the authorities.

Originating Summons No 913 of 2013

5 On 27 September 2013, an application for an ORD to be issued forthwith,
among other things, against the Head of the Criminal Investigation Department
was made in Originating Summons No 913 of 2013. This application was
subsequently withdrawn on 4 October 2013.

The Minister’s order

6 On 2 October 2013, the Minister for Home Affairs (“the Minister”) issued and
served an order under s 30 of the CLTPA on the Applicant. In that order, the
Minister stated that he was satisfied that the Applicant had been associated
with activities of a criminal nature and that it was necessary for the
Applicant to be detained in the interests of public safety, peace and good
order. The period of detention specified in the order was 12 months from the
date of the order (_ie_ , 2 October 2013). The grounds and particulars relied
upon by the authorities are reproduced below:

(a) You have between 2009 and 2013 been the leader and financer of a global
soccer match-fixing syndicate operating from Singapore that carried out soccer
match-fixing activities in many parts of the world, the particulars of which
are as stated in paragraph (b) below.

(b) Particulars of soccer match-fixing activities:

(i) You were recruiting runners in Singapore and directing match-fixing agents
and runners from Singapore to assist in the conduct of soccer match fixing
activities between 2009 and September 2013.

(ii) You were financing and assisting, by providing a contact who could
arrange for a corrupt referee, in soccer match-fixing activities in Egypt
between September and December 2010.

(iii) You were financing soccer match-fixing activities in South Africa in May
2010.

(iv) You were directing and financing soccer match-fixing activities in
Nigeria in June 2011.

(v) You were financing soccer match-fixing activities in Turkey in February
2011.

(vi) You were assisting in attempted soccer match-fixing activities in
Trinidad and Tobago in mid-2011 by sending a match-fixing agent to provide
support to another match-fixing agent in relation to match-fixing activities.

A copy of the detention order was forwarded to R&T on 4 October 2013. R&T
replied on the same day to enquire about the expected date of hearing before
the Criminal Law Advisory Committee (“CLAC”). R&T was subsequently informed
that the hearing would take place on 17 October 2013.

The CLAC

7 The hearing before the CLAC took place over the course of two days on 17
October 2013 and 5 November 2013. It was undisputed that R&T made submissions
on behalf of the Applicant before the CLAC.

8 On 5 November 2013, the CLAC submitted its written report with its
recommendations to the President in accordance with s 31(2) of the CLTPA. The
President subsequently confirmed the detention order pursuant to s 31(3) of
the CLTPA on 7 April 2014. R&T was informed of the President’s confirmation by
way of a letter dated 8 April 2014.

The present application

9 The present application was commenced on 13 August 2014 under O 54 r 1 of
the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2014 Rev Ed) (“RC”). R&T wrote to the
authorities on 23 September 2014 to urge the CLAR to consider releasing the
Applicant unconditionally, or in the alternative, to consider substituting the
detention order with an order for police supervision. In a reply dated 29
September 2014, R&T was informed that the CLAR had reviewed the Applicant’s
case in August 2014 and had also submitted its report to the President. The
President had considered the Applicant’s case, including the report by the
CLAR, and on the advice of the Cabinet, extended the detention order for a
period of one year with effect from 2 October 2014. R&T was also informed that
their letter dated 23 September 2014 would be placed before the CLAR at the
next review in August 2015.

10 At this juncture, I note that the Applicant had alleged, in his reply
affidavit dated 21 October 2014, that he was not informed of the specific date
of the CLAR hearing and was not asked to make representations before the CLAR.
The Applicant also alleged that he was not informed of the outcome of the CLAR
hearing until he received the letter dated 29 September 2014 from R&T. As
discussed earlier (see [2] above), the AG took issue with the Applicant’s
allegations at the hearing on 28 October 2014 and subsequently filed three
affidavits to rebut the Applicant’s allegations. A copy of the representations
written by the Applicant to the CLAR was exhibited in the affidavits. Apart
from that, a written confirmation dated 26 September 2014, in which the
Applicant acknowledged receipt of the order extending the period of his
detention, was also produced to rebut the Applicant’s allegations that he was
not informed of the outcome of the CLAR hearing. Nevertheless, counsel for the
Applicant, Mr Thong Chee Kun (“Mr Thong”), informed me that the Applicant’s
case was not based on those specific allegations. The Applicant also elected
not to file a further affidavit to address the documents exhibited in the
three reply affidavits. I therefore proceeded on the basis that the Applicant
was not relying on those allegations to support his case.

The parties’ arguments

The Applicant’s arguments

11 At the outset, the Applicant submitted that an objective test, as opposed
to a subjective test, was applicable to the present case. In other words, the
Minister’s and the President’s decisions to issue and to confirm the detention
order had to be objectively satisfied on reasonable grounds. This was on the
basis that there was no ouster clause in the CLTPA. The Applicant relied on
the three grounds of review, namely, illegality, irrationality and procedural
impropriety.

12 In relation to the issue of illegality, it was submitted that there was no
evidence that the Applicant had engaged in criminal activities which affected
the interests of public safety, peace and good order in Singapore. The
Applicant argued that the evidence, at most, suggested that he had been
involved in illegal betting and not match-fixing. It was highlighted that
these were distinct offences. The Applicant submitted that in any event, the
alleged offence of corruption and match-fixing did not fall within the
category of offences contemplated by the CLTPA. It was argued that economic or
financial crimes such as corruption did not involve physical violence or harm
to society, unlike drug trafficking, illegal moneylending and secret
societies.

13 The Applicant also submitted that the Minister and the President did not
act in accordance with the purposes of the CLTPA given that the Applicant had
already confessed to the offence of illegal betting. It was argued that this
went against Parliamentary intent to use the CLTPA only as a last resort when
prosecution in court was not possible due to the lack of evidence.

14 The Applicant argued that the CLTPA was never intended to target organised
crime or syndicates just because they were such. It was further submitted that
the CLTPA was never intended to have extraterritorial reach over criminal
activities which had no effect on the interests of public safety, peace and
good order in Singapore.

15 With regard to the issue of irrationality, the Applicant submitted that the
grounds set out in the detention order were misconceived in so far as the
evidence did not suggest any involvement in match-fixing activities. It was
submitted that the evidence, at most, revealed involvement in illegal betting
activities.

16 Finally, on the issue of procedural impropriety, it was submitted that the
Applicant’s detention was procedurally improper as his statements were
recorded under s 27 of the PCA by ASP Ho who was not an officer from the CPIB.
It was argued that these statements were relied upon to justify the Minister’s
and the President’s decisions.

The AG’s submissions

17 The AG submitted that the test applicable to cases involving an ORD was
different from that applicable to cases involving judicial review. It was
argued that an application for an ORD served a different function from
judicial review. The AG highlighted that the procedures under O 53 and O 54 of
the RC differ accordingly. It was submitted that an application for an ORD is
governed by principles set out in the Court of Appeal decision of _Kamal Jit
Singh v Minister for Home Affairs and others_ [1992] 3 SLR(R) 352 (“ _Kamal
Jit Singh v MHA_ ”) where it was held that an applicant had to show probable
cause that the detention was unlawful. The AG pointed out that the procedural
steps in the CLTPA had been complied with strictly and the Applicant’s bare
allegations were insufficient to show probable cause that his detention was
unlawful.

18 The AG submitted that the application would fail even if the three grounds
of review relied upon the Applicant were applicable to the present case. In
relation to the ground of illegality, it was argued that Applicant’s argument
that he was not involved in match-fixing activities was nothing more than a
bare assertion and an indirect allegation of bad faith against the Minister
and the President. The AG highlighted that the Applicant should not be allowed
to hide behind the label of illegality to allege bad faith without
particularising his allegation. It was also submitted that the issue of what
constitutes “public safety, peace and good order” involved complex,
polycentric decisions of government and public policy which were generally not
suitable for judicial review. In relation to the Applicant’s argument that
match-fixing activities fell outside the scope of the CLTPA, the AG pointed
out that this issue had already been discussed and defended in Parliament when
the CLTPA was extended for another five-year term on 11 November 2013. With
regard to the Applicant’s argument that the CLTPA was not intended to target
match-fixing syndicates, the AG contended that the CLTPA had to evolve to keep
pace with new threats in order to remain effective. The fact that the CLTPA
had not been used against match-fixing syndicates prior to this was therefore
a non-starter. The AG also submitted that the Applicant’s argument that there
was sufficient evidence to prosecute him in court was unmeritorious and
ignored the fundamental difference between the CLTPA and court proceedings.

19 In relation to the ground of irrationality, the AG submitted that questions
of public safety, peace and good order fell squarely within the Minister’s
purview and were not suitable for judicial review. It was further argued that
the authorities had particularised the grounds relied upon to support the
Applicant’s detention. The AG contended that apart from making bare assertions
that the grounds were factually untrue, the Applicant had not adduced any
evidence to support his case.

20 Finally, with respect to the ground of procedural impropriety, the AG
submitted that the Applicant’s argument was wholly irrelevant to his detention
under the CLTPA. The fact that ASP Ho recorded the Applicant’s statements
under s 27 of the PCA had no bearing on the procedural fairness or propriety
of the detention process set out in the CLTPA. The AG submitted that the
procedure in the CLTPA was complied with.

The applicable test

21 The Applicant took the position that the Minister’s and the President’s
decisions to issue and to confirm the detention order could be reviewed on the
grounds of illegality, irrationality and procedural impropriety. The AG took
the opposing view that the applicable test had already been conclusively
determined in the Court of Appeal decision of _Kamal Jit Singh v MHA_ , where
it was held that the applicant had to show probable cause that the detention
was unlawful. The AG further submitted that _Kamal Jit Singh v MHA_ was the
only decision by the Court of Appeal which dealt with the CLTPA and that the
High Court was therefore bound by that decision.

22 In _Kamal Jit Singh v MHA_ , the Court of Appeal referred to Wilmot J’s
opinion to the House of Lords of the English Parliament in 1758 (see Wilmot J,
“Opinion on the Writ of Habeas Corpus” (1758) Wilm 77, 97 ER 29), where it was
observed that a writ of _habeas corpus_ would only be issued on probable cause
shown by affidavit. The Court of Appeal then proceeded to make the following
observations at [29]–[30]:

29 We are of the view that the reasons continue to remain valid today and are
as applicable to a case of preventive detention as they were to the examples
cited by Wilmot J.

30 An application for a writ of _habeas corpus_ is, on the other hand,
different from an application for _mandamus_ , prohibition or _certiorari_
that under O 53 of the [RC] in the sense that the court has no discretion to
refuse the writ once probable cause is shown. ...

On the facts of that case, it was held that the Applicant’s affidavit showed
that the provisions of the CLTPA were complied with and no objection was made
to the propriety or correctness of the detention order. The facts adduced
demonstrated that there were “some objective grounds” for ordering the initial
and continued detention of the appellant. On that basis, the applicant’s case
could not succeed as he had not shown probable cause that the detention was
unlawful.

23 It is useful to refer also to the earlier Court of Appeal decision of _Chng
Suan Tze v Minister for Home Affairs and others and other appeals_ [1988] 2
SLR(R) 525 (“ _Chng Suan Tze v MHA_ ”). The Court of Appeal accepted the
proposition that in _habeas corpus_ proceedings, the burden in the first
instance was on the detaining authority to justify the legality of the
detention. On the facts of that case, the Court of Appeal held that the
detaining authority had not discharged the burden of proving the legality or
validity of the detention orders due to the failure to adduce evidence of the
President’s satisfaction. The appeals were therefore allowed and the
appellants were ordered to be discharged from custody.

24 More significantly, the Court of Appeal also rejected the subjective
discretion test in the Federal Court of Malaysia’s decision of _Karam Singh v
Menteri Hal Ehwal Dalam Negeri (Minister of Home Affairs), Malaysia_ [1969] 2
MLJ 129. It was opined that the objective test was applicable to the review of
the exercise of discretion under ss 8 and 10 of the Internal Security Act (Cap
143, 1985 Rev Ed) (“ISA”). The Court of Appeal further observed that the
function of a court in the review of discretionary power depended on whether a
jurisdictional or precedent fact was involved. After arriving at the view that
the exercise of discretion under ss 8 and 10 of the ISA fell outside the
“precedent fact category”, the Court of Appeal made the following observations
at [119] on the scope of review applicable to the ISA:

In the circumstances, it is in our judgment clear that the scope of review of
the exercise of discretion under ss 8 and 10 of the ISA is limited to the
normal judicial review principles of “illegality, irrationality or procedural
impropriety” ...

25 Some observations may be made on the two decisions discussed above. First,
the decision in _Chng Suan Tze v MHA_ was legislatively overruled by way of
amendments made to the ISA and the Constitution. The effect of those
amendments in ousting the jurisdiction of the courts was confirmed in the
subsequent Court of Appeal decision of _Teo Soh Lung v Minister for Home
Affairs and others_ [1990] 1 SLR(R) 347. However, the legislative amendments
were directed primarily at the ISA. On that basis, given that no ouster clause
exists in the CLTPA, it may be argued that the Court of Appeal’s observations
in _Chng Suan Tze v MHA_ on the applicable scope of review are still relevant
to challenges made against detention orders granted under the CLTPA. The Court
of Appeal, in holding that the three grounds of review in _Council of Civil
Service Unions v Minister for the Civil Service_ [1985] AC 374 (“the _GCHQ_
case”) were applicable, was in fact dealing with an application for a writ of
_habeas corpus_. In any event, both the ISA and the CLTPA provide for
detention and the primary difference between the statutes is the subject
matter. The ISA deals primarily with issues concerning national security while
the CLTPA addresses issues relating to public safety, peace and good order. In
the circumstances, given that the CLTPA does not oust the jurisdiction of the
courts, there is no reason why the three grounds of illegality, irrationality
and procedural impropriety should not be applicable to challenges made against
detention orders under the CLTPA.

26 Further support for such a proposition can also be found in the subsequent
High Court decision of _Re Wong Sin Yee_ [2007] 4 SLR(R) 676 (“ _Re Wong Sin
Yee_ ”) where the applicant there challenged his detention under the CLTPA.
The application for review of the detention was also made pursuant to O 54 of
the RC. Tan Lee Meng J proceeded on the basis that the scope of review of the
detention order extended to the three grounds set out in the _GCHQ_ case. This
is consistent with the Court of Appeal’s observations in _Chng Suan Tze v
MHA_. In fact, one of the decisions cited in _Re Wong Sin Yee_ was the other
Court of Appeal decision of _Kamal Jit Singh v MHA_. Tan J did not, however,
apply the probable cause test as set out in that case.

27 Second, in relation to the burden of proof applicable to such challenges,
the Court of Appeal in _Chng Suan Tze v MHA_ stated unequivocally that:

... the burden of proof is in the first instance on the detaining authority to
justify the detention. _The principle cannot be disputed. It has been applied
in all the cases_. In our opinion, this burden of proof is discharged by
evidence that the President, acting in accordance with advice of the Cabinet
or the authorised Minister, is satisfied, and the production of the detention
order. ... However, there is no jurisdictional fact to the President’s
satisfaction which is thus reviewable only on _GCHQ_ grounds. _In our
judgment, where the appellants challenge the President’s satisfaction on these
grounds_ [_ie_ , the three grounds of illegality, irrationality and procedural
impropriety], _the burden of proof is on them_.

[emphasis added]

28 The position therefore is that the applicant must establish probable cause
that the detention was unlawful on the grounds of illegality, irrationality or
procedural impropriety while the detaining authority has to show that the
detention order was properly made in that all procedural requirements had been
complied with.

The decision

29 On the facts of the present case, the AG has produced evidence to establish
the validity of the detention order made against the Applicant in that the
requisite procedural steps were complied with. The Applicant therefore bears
the burden of establishing that the detention was illegal, irrational or
procedurally improper.

Illegality

30 The Applicant’s primary objection under the ground of illegality is that
the activities undertaken by the Applicant did not fall within the category of
offences contemplated by the CLTPA. I was unable to accept the Applicant’s
arguments for the following reasons.

31 First, s 30 of the CLTPA does not specify any particular category of
criminal activity for which an order for detention may be made. The relevant
portions of s 30 are reproduced as follow:

Whenever the Minister is satisfied with respect to any person, whether the
person is at large or in custody, that the person has been associated with
_activities of a criminal nature_ , the Minister may, with the consent of the
Public Prosecutor —

(_a_) if he is satisfied that it is necessary that the person be detained _in
the interests of public safety, peace and good order_ , by order under his
hand direct that the person be detained for any period not exceeding 12 months
from the date of the order ...

[emphasis added]

The three requirements for the invocation of s 30 of the CLTPA are the
Minister being satisfied that the subject person has been “associated with
activities of a criminal nature”, the Minister being satisfied that it is
necessary for that person to be detained in the interests of “public safety,
peace and good order” and the consent of the Public Prosecutor. The words of
the provision do not restrict the scope of the CLTPA to specific categories of
criminal activity. A distinction has to be drawn between penal provisions and
provisions which allow for preventive detention, such as s 30 of the CLTPA.
While penal provisions are concerned with punishing specific past criminal
acts, the focus of provisions dealing with preventive detention, as in the
case of s 30 of the CLTPA, is on the risk that the person poses to society.
The Applicant has accepted at least that he was associated with activities of
a criminal nature, although he disputed the particular criminal activities
alleged against him.

32 Second, while the Applicant relied on the fact that the CLTPA has only been
invoked against secret societies, drug trafficking and illegal moneylending
syndicates, that did not necessarily lead to the conclusion that the scope of
the CLTPA was confined to such criminal activities. It was not disputed that
the CLTPA was initially conceptualised for the purpose of dealing with the
scourge of secret societies, which was a major problem in Singapore during the
1950s. Nevertheless, the CLTPA has also been invoked against drug trafficking
and illegal moneylending syndicates over the years. Therefore, the fact that
this may be the first time that the CLTPA has been invoked against match-
fixing activities did not mean that the CLTPA was utilised outside its
intended purpose. Further types of criminal activities, whether already known
or which may emerge in future, may legitimately come within the scope of the
CLTPA as time passes and society evolves.

33 The Applicant also referred to statements made in Parliament indicating
that the “key targets” of the CLTPA were secret societies and drug syndicates.
However, these statements only meant that the CLTPA has primarily been invoked
against such targets and could not be taken to mean that the scope of the
CLTPA was restricted to the named criminal activities.

34 The Applicant also relied on such statements in Parliament to further argue
that the CLTPA should only be invoked against offences which cause “physical
violence or harm to society”. In support of this, the Applicant attempted to
draw an analogy between corruption-related offences and the offences of
insider trading or market manipulation by submitting as follows:

This is because, serious as the offence may be, the offence of insider trading
or market manipulation cannot be said to affect public safety, peace and good
order, for the purposes of the CLTPA. Likewise, the perpetrator’s conduct in
committing match-fixing (or corruption) per se does not affect the public
safety, peace or good order of Singapore society in the same way that secret
society activities, drug trafficking and unlicensed money-lending activities
result in _chaos, violence or widespread harm_. There is no threat to _life,
limb or security_.

[emphasis added]

35 As mentioned earlier, s 30 of the CLTPA may be invoked if the Minister is
satisfied that it is necessary for the person to be detained in the interests
of “public safety, peace and good order”. There is no reference to any
requirement for physical violence. The Applicant’s argument that the CLTPA
should only be restricted to activities which result in “chaos, violence or
widespread harm” was clearly not supported by the express words of the
provision. It was also submitted that match-fixing activities affected only
sporting integrity and the interests of gamblers. “Public safety, peace and
good order”, however, are words that are capable of encompassing a wide range
of situations. It may be reasonably argued, in particular, that “good order”
dictates that participants in soccer, a sport which undoubtedly commands
world-wide interest regardless of age or gender, play to win and not according
to the source or the size of bribes.

36 Another ground that was canvassed by the Applicant was his assertion that
there was no evidence to suggest that he was involved in match-fixing
activities. The scope of review in this case is limited to the three grounds
of illegality, irrationality and procedural impropriety. A distinction has to
be drawn between a review, as in the present case, and an appeal. The
Applicant’s argument was directed at the sufficiency of evidence and that
clearly was beyond the scope of what judicial review entails in respect of the
CLTPA. Moreover, the detaining authority has set out the grounds and
particulars relied upon to support the detention order issued against the
Applicant.

37 The Applicant’s other main argument under the ground of illegality was in
relation to the assertion that the CLTPA should only be invoked as a last
resort when prosecution was not possible due to the lack of evidence. It was
further submitted that there was sufficient evidence to charge the Applicant
in court for offences such as illegal betting. On that basis, the Applicant
argued that the Minister and the President did not exercise their powers in
accordance with the purposes of the CLTPA.

38 A similar line of argument was made by the applicant in _Kamal Jit Singh v
MHA_. In that case, the applicant argued that it was not right for him to be
denied a trial when other warders arrested for drug trafficking had been
charged in open court. The Court of Appeal rejected the argument and made the
following observations at [35]:

... This submission ignored the fundamental distinction between preventive
detention and criminal proceedings which has been considered above. The
authorities cited above show that it is _no ground for complaint that a person
is detained rather than charged in open court_.

[emphasis added]

39 In _Re Wong Sin Yee_ , the applicant highlighted that the Government had
stressed on a number of occasions that the main reason for preventive
detention was the inability of the authorities to secure the testimony of
witnesses and accomplices for a trial. It was further argued that on the facts
of that case, the testimony of witnesses could be procured without difficulty.
This argument was rejected on the basis that the Court of Appeal decision of
_Kamal Jit Singh v MHA_ was binding on the High Court. Tan J further observed
that it was not within the province of the court to determine whether a
detainee ought to be tried rather than be detained.

40 Taking into account the principles set out above, the Applicant’s argument
that there was sufficient evidence for him to be prosecuted in court was
devoid of merit. In any event, the Applicant’s argument was confined to the
assertion that there was sufficient evidence for him to be charged with
illegal betting. This should be contrasted with the grounds relied upon by the
authorities for detaining the Applicant. It was stated that the Applicant was
involved in match-fixing activities globally. The fact that there was
sufficient evidence to prosecute the detainee for a lesser or another offence
did not mean that the CLTPA could not be invoked to address other criminal
activities that the detainee was involved in. The purpose of preventive
detention is different from that in a typical criminal prosecution, as was
observed by the Court of Appeal in _Kamal Jit Singh v MHA_ at [20]:

... The detention is therefore _not punitive_ in the sense of being for the
purpose of punishing a past act of the detainee, but _preventive_ in the
larger interests of society. ...

[emphasis added]

41 I was also not able to accept the Applicant’s assertion that the court
proceedings commenced against him in Italy and Hungary would “make spurious
any claims that it is necessary to resort to the CLTPA in this case”. The
availability of evidence and witness testimony to support prosecution may vary
across different jurisdictions. The compellability of foreign witnesses to
support a prosecution in Singapore is also an issue which is likely to arise.
The fact that prosecution is viable in one jurisdiction does not necessarily
lead to the conclusion that a successful prosecution could also be conducted
in another jurisdiction. The ongoing court proceedings in Italy and Hungary
were therefore not conclusive on the issue of whether successful prosecution
could be conducted in Singapore. It should also be remembered that the
detention order in this case was made with the consent of the Public
Prosecutor, the holder of the high office responsible for all prosecution in
Singapore.

42 The Applicant also argued that the CLTPA was not intended to target
organised crime or criminal syndicates just because they were such. It was
submitted that s 30 of the CLTPA would only apply to syndicates which affected
the interests of public safety, peace and good order. The Applicant also
highlighted that Parliament had considered introducing a new statute, referred
to as the Organised Crime Act, to deal specifically with organised crime. On
this basis, it was submitted that the CLTPA was never meant to address all
types of organised crime in Singapore.

43 I have already stated that the scope of “public safety, peace and good
order” is quite wide. It was also not disputed by the parties that the
Organised Crime Act has not been passed by Parliament. Therefore, any
arguments on the scope of such a statute and the effect, if any, it would have
on the CLTPA remain purely speculative.

44 Finally, the Applicant submitted that in the absence of any express
provisions in the CLTPA conferring extraterritorial jurisdiction, invoking the
CLTPA for alleged offences of corruption committed overseas that had no impact
on Singapore was illegal. There were therefore two aspects to the Applicant’s
arguments. First, the alleged criminal activity took place outside Singapore.
Second, the alleged criminal activity had no impact on the public safety,
peace and good order in Singapore.

45 The issue of whether the CLTPA could be invoked against criminal activity
outside Singapore was considered in the High Court decision of _Re Wong Sin
Yee_. In that case, Tan J rejected the argument that s 30 of the CLTPA did not
authorise the detention of a person for criminal activities outside Singapore.
It was observed that otherwise, a person who was believed to be a threat to
public safety, peace and good order in Singapore because of his criminal
activities abroad would have to be given some time to become involved in
criminal activities in Singapore before he could be detained under s 30 of the
CLTPA. I agree with Tan J’s observations. There is no reason to confine s 30
of the CLTPA to criminal activity occurring within Singapore. The focus of the
provision is on the risk the detainee poses to the public safety, peace and
good order in Singapore and not whether the criminal activity occurred within
Singapore.

46 In any case, the grounds for detaining the Applicant were not confined to
activities outside Singapore. He was said to be the leader and financer of a
global soccer match-fixing syndicate operating from Singapore and was involved
in various supporting activities here (see [6] above).

47 With regard to the second aspect, the authorities have already set out the
grounds and particulars in support of the decision that it was necessary for
the Applicant to be detained in the interests of public safety, peace and good
order. The Applicant has not shown that the criminal activities he was
allegedly involved in could have no impact or had no impact at all on the
public safety, peace and good order in Singapore. Again I emphasise that these
words in the CLTPA have a wide scope and it was for the Minister to be
satisfied that detention was necessary. It could not be argued that there was
no material at all for the Minister to have come to his conclusion that
detention was necessary in the circumstances.

Irrationality

48 Under the head of irrationality, the Applicant argued that the grounds set
out in the detention order issued by the Minister were misconceived. In
support of this argument, the Applicant raised a number of objections in
respect of the evidence supposedly relied upon to arrive at the decision to
detain him under s 30 of the CLTPA. As emphasised above, judicial review does
not entail the court looking into whether there exists sufficient evidence to
support the detention of the Applicant. The threshold for intervention under
the ground of irrationality is relatively high. As Lord Diplock had observed
in the _GCHQ_ case (at 410), it applies only to a decision which is so
outrageous in its defiance of logic or of accepted moral standards that no
sensible person who had applied his mind to the question to be decided could
have arrived at it.

49 Taking into account the totality of the evidence before me, I was not
satisfied that this threshold has been met. In fact, the Applicant has, in his
written submissions, acknowledged that he had, on multiple occasions, extended
loans to third parties and received betting tips in return. With regard to his
involvement, the Applicant gave the following evidence in his affidavit:

When I was with Exclusive Sports, Raj asked me for loans on behalf of the
company for business purposes. He did not tell me the exact nature of the
business and I did not ask. I acceded to his request on a number of occasions.
Each time I gave such loans, he told me to place certain specific bets for
both of us. I did as I was told and mostly won money. I suspected that he was
doing something illegal with the money, but I did not ask him. I did not
bother asking him since I left Exclusive Sports in a few months after falling
out with him. He has held a grudge against me ever since I pulled out of
Exclusive Sports.

50 As in the case of _Kamal Jit Singh v MHA_ , the facts adduced showed that
there were at least some objective grounds for ordering the initial and
continued detention of the Applicant. The evidence given by the Applicant
suggested that he had at least some involvement in the criminal activities
relied upon by the authorities for the Applicant’s detention under the CLTPA.
In the light of the foregoing, the decision to detain the Applicant under s 30
of the CLTPA cannot be said to be a decision which was so outrageous in its
defiance of logic or of accepted moral standards that no sensible person who
had applied his mind to the question to be decided could have arrived at it.

Procedural impropriety

51 The final ground of review relied upon by the Applicant was that of
procedural impropriety. As Mr Thong clarified at the hearing on 19 November
2014, the Applicant’s only objection was in relation to the recording of the
statement under s 27 of the PCA by ASP Ho, who was an officer from the CAD and
not the CPIB.

52 There was nothing in the CLTPA to suggest that the Minister, the CLAC or
even the President, in exercising their respective functions under the CLTPA,
had to take into account only evidence that was admissible in a court of law.
In fact, one of the reasons for having detention laws was the recognition that
the evidence collected by the authorities may not be admissible in a court of
law. The decision-makers under the CLTPA were not constrained by the rules of
admissibility in the law relating to evidence. Therefore, the fact that the
statement may have been recorded by a wrong officer would not result in it
being excluded from being taken into account by the Minister, the CLAC or the
President.

53 This point is reinforced in r 13 of the Criminal Law (Advisory Committees)
Rules (Cap 67, R 1, 1990 Rev Ed), which states as follows:

**Evidence**

**13**. An advisory committee may in its discretion hear any witness and may
admit or reject any evidence adduced, whether oral or documentary and _whether
admissible or inadmissible under any written law for the time being in force
relating to the admissibility of evidence_.

[emphasis added]

Accordingly, the Applicant’s challenge on the ground of procedural impropriety
failed.

Conclusion

54 For the reasons set out above, the Applicant has not shown probable cause
that the detention was unlawful. I therefore dismissed the application and
ordered the Applicant to pay the AG costs which I fixed at $8,500, inclusive
of disbursements.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

**25 November 2015**

**Media Summary**

**Civil Appeal No 201 of 2014**

**__**

**Tan Seet Eng v Attorney-General [2015] SGCA 59**

**Background**

**__**

1 On 19 November 2014, the High Court had dismissed Tan Seet Eng’s ("the
Appellant") application for an order to review his detention under s 30 of the
Criminal Law (Temporary Provisions) Act (Cap 67, 2000 Rev Ed) ("the CLTPA").
The Appellant appealed the High Court’s decision.

2 In a judgment released today, the Court of Appeal allowed the Appellant’s
appeal, and ordered that he be released from detention. The court observed
that the case is undoubtedly important for the Appellant who has been detained
without trial; but in addition it is also important to society as a whole
because in the judgement, the court deals with:

(a) the limits of the Executive’s power under s 30 of the CLTPA;

(b) the approach the court should adopt when hearing such applications; and

(c) how the court should carry out its constitutional responsibility in
assessing whether the Executive’s powers under the CLTPA have been properly
exercised.

**The facts**

3 The Appellant was arrested on 16 September 2013. He was alleged to have been
involved in global football match-fixing activities. The Minister for Home
Affairs ("the Minister") issued and served an order under s 30 of the CLTPA on
the Appellant on 2 October 2013, detaining him for 12 months starting from
that day itself. The grounds of detention stated that between 2009 and 2013,
the Appellant had led and financed a global football match-fixing syndicate
operating from Singapore, with the particulars that:

(d) he recruited runners in Singapore and directed match-fixing agents and
runners from Singapore to assist in match-fixing between 2009 and September
2013;

(e) he financed and assisted with match-fixing activities in Egypt between
September and December 2010 by providing a contact for a corrupt referee;

(f) he financed football match-fixing activities in South Africa in May 2010;

(g) he directed and financed football match-fixing activities in Nigeria in
June 2011;

(h) he financed football match-fixing activities in Turkey in February 2011;
and

(i) he assisted with attempted football match-fixing activities in Trinidad
and Tobago in mid-2011 by sending a match-fixing agent to provide support to
another match-fixing agent in relation to match-fixing activities.

4 On 29 September 2014, the Appellant’s lawyers were informed that the
Appellant’s detention had been reviewed and the President had decided to
extend his detention for a year with effect from 2 October 2014.

**The Court of Appeal’s decision**

5 The Court of Appeal reversed the High Court’s decision. The court held that
the review of the Minister’s exercise of discretion was to be done on an
objective basis, and in reviewing detentions made under the CLTPA, the
traditional grounds of review of illegality, irrationality and procedural
impropriety should be applied. The Court of Appeal departed from the standard
laid down in _Kamal Jit Singh v Ministry of Home Affairs?_and others [1992] 3
SLR(R) 352 – that probable cause had to be shown that the detention was
unlawful. The Court of Appeal held that its task under the traditional grounds
of review in such cases was to closely scrutinise the grounds put forward by
the Minister and consider objectively whether on the face of these grounds,
the decision is open to challenge on the basis of illegality, irrationality,
or procedural impropriety.

6 In the inquiry into legality, the court could and should examine whether the
Minister had properly invoked the power vested in him. If the Minister had
acted outside the scope of the powers conferred by Parliament, then the
detention would not be upheld and the detainee would have to be released. On
this basis the court examined the legislative history of the CLTPA to
establish what, if any, limits there were to the application of the CLTPA and
concluded that the CLTPA extended to acts of a criminal nature which included
the following features:

(a) the use of violence, or the threat of reprisals to intimidate and prevent
witnesses from testifying;

(b) criminal activity of a sufficiently serious level of gravity; and

(c) criminal activity that poses a threat to public order in Singapore.

7 On the facts, the offences disclosed in the grounds of detention issued
against the Appellant did not fall within the scope of the CLTPA. While
leading a match-fixing syndicate could entail activities of a sufficiently
serious nature to invoke the CLTPA, there was nothing to indicate that the
Appellant did engage in activities of such a serious nature that he fell
within the remit of the CLTPA. The facts recite that he recruited runners and
agents over a 13-month period that ended almost two and a half years before he
was served with a detention order, and was involved in financing and/or
directing unspecified match-fixing activities in Egypt, South Africa, Nigeria,
Turkey, and Trinidad and Tobago. These at their highest amounted to corrupt
practices but they did not rise to the level of gravity which would bring the
Appellant within the scope of the Minister’s power to act under the CLTPA.

8 Moreover, the grounds of detention showed very few connections with
Singapore, and there was nothing to indicate that the Appellant was working
with overseas syndicates or that activities detrimental to the public safety,
peace and good order of Singapore were likely to take root in Singapore
through anything that he did which was mentioned in the grounds of detention.
There was also no suggestion that witnesses were being intimidated by the
Appellant, or that witnesses were unwilling to testify against the Appellant.

9 For these reasons, the Minister had gone beyond the scope of his power in
detaining the Appellant and the appeal was allowed.

_* This summary is provided to assist in the understanding of the Court’s
judgment. It is not intended to be a substitute for the reasons of the Court._

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 22 Jan 2015 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

