Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Public Prosecutor _v_ Project Lifestyle Pte Ltd  
[2015] SGHC 251

Case Number| :| Magistrate's Appeal No 83 of 2015  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 25 September 2015  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  See Kee Oon JC  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Agnes Chan and Parvathi Menon (Attorney-General's
Chambers) for the appellant; Irving Choh and Melissa Kor (Optimus Chambers
LLC) for the respondent.  
Parties| :|  Public Prosecutor — Project Lifestyle Pte Ltd  
  
25 September 2015| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
See Kee Oon JC [delivering the oral judgment]:

1 The Respondent operates at 32 Kandahar Street under the business name of
Witbier Café. The café is located within the Kampong Glam conservation area.
The Respondent was charged with an offence under s 12(2) punishable under s
12(4) of the Planning Act (Cap 232, 1998 Rev Ed) (“the Act”). On pleading
guilty to the offence, the Respondent was fined $20,000. The offence involved
a material change of use of the premises from a restaurant to a bar (which
also served food) without conservation permission, amounting to a
‘development’ within the meaning of s 3(1) of the Act. The prosecution has
appealed against the sentence.

2 The DPP’s submissions at first instance seeking a fine of $50,000 were
broadly as follows:

(a) The need to deter unauthorised works in Singapore’s conservation areas;

(b) The specific need to protect the Kampong Glam conservation area;

(c) The potential impact of the Respondent’s unapproved use on cultural
sensitivities;

(d) The Respondent’s persistent offending and lack of remorse;

(e) The disgorgement of the Respondent’s wrongful profits; and

(f) The need to consider the full spectrum of punishments enacted by
Parliament.

3 On appeal, largely similar points were canvassed. I agree with the District
Judge’s reasoning at [28] of his Grounds of Decision (“GD”), reported as
_Public Prosecutor v Project Lifestyle Pte Ltd_ [2015] SGMC 15, _viz_ , that
unauthorised development of land by way of building works ought to be punished
more severely than unauthorised development of land by way of change of use.
In his words, “[t]his is simply because the first type of development of land
usually results in permanent structural changes to the property that are not
easily reversible.”

4 I would also endorse [29] and [70] of the GD wherein the District Judge had
set out the starting range of punishments for “typical” or non-aggravated
change of use, a fine of between $5,000 to $10,000 may be appropriate
depending on the facts. Higher punishments may well be warranted depending on
the extensiveness of the scope of works. The District Judge adopted this
approach while observing at [28] and [40] that an offence within a
conservation area _per se_ should not be regarded as more serious than one not
involving a conservation area. I do not differ from the District Judge’s views
on this in principle. The prosecution apparently took his observations to mean
that he had adopted a “single sentencing framework that applies across the
board” for all s 12 offences when this was clearly not so. Much would of
course depend on the impact of the works on the character and appearance of
the conservation area. In some instances, there may (or may not) also be
considerable impact in a more subtle and perhaps less tangible form,
materially affecting the character and ambience or overall “look and feel” of
the area.

5 I turn next to outline some observations in relation to the prosecution’s
submissions below and on appeal seeking a fine of $50,000. This is equivalent
to the fine imposed in _Public Prosecutor v CGH Development Pte Ltd_ (UDC
01/2008, unreported) where substantial structural changes were made to a
building located outside a conservation area. Various submissions were raised
pertaining to the aggravating features to support a higher fine in the present
case. But there are no relevant sentencing precedents involving similar
factual scenarios to guide the court, and no systematic or objective method of
computation that would lead one to arrive at the figure of $50,000.

6 I begin with the premise that a $20,000 fine is hardly trifling. On appeal,
it must be shown that this was a manifestly inadequate sentence and that the
District Judge was plainly wrong or had acted on the wrong principles. It is
not sufficient of course to merely point to the fact that a $20,000 fine
amounts to one-tenth of the maximum permissible fine of $200,000. By analogy,
if a jail term of 2 years is imposed for an offence of criminal breach of
trust by public servant or banker which can attract life imprisonment, it does
not ineluctably mean that the 2-year sentence is manifestly inadequate.

7 Reference was made to _Public Prosecutor v Development 26 Pte Ltd_ [2015] 1
SLR 309 (“ _Development 26_ ”), a recent prosecution involving the wholesale
demolition of a conserved building in Geylang Lorong 26. Various observations
I made in that judgment are of general application and the District Judge
rightly noted this at [32]–[35] of his GD. Insofar as his comments at [33]
might possibly be taken to suggest that even a wholesale demolition of a
conserved building would not ordinarily attract a fine of more than $6,000, it
should be clear that that was not the _ratio decidendi_. I had emphasised in
my judgment that the decision is not meant to set a benchmark for future
application.

8 It bears repeating that my decision in _Development 26_ turned heavily on
the prosecution’s conduct of the proceedings before the lower court as
summarised at [40] of the judgment, _viz_ , the skeletal (or non-existent)
Statement of Facts “as per the charges”; lack of sentence submission or
additional information; the decision to leave sentence to the court with only
an indication of the ‘usual sentence range’ for such offences; and the failure
to inform the court that the prosecution was the first of its kind. The upshot
of _Development 26_ is that higher penalties may be sought and justified for
future prosecutions involving egregious breaches, where appropriate.

9 It is important to bear in mind that conservation is not merely aimed at
preserving our historical and cultural heritage in the form of bricks and
mortar. The focus has to be about “preserving certain characteristics and
appearance of conservation areas” (see _Singapore Parliamentary Debates,
Official Report_ (17 February 1989) vol 52 at col 787 (Mr Peh Chin Hua, Member
of Parliament for Jalan Besar))). In the present case, this would appear to be
the first prosecution involving an unauthorised material change of use in the
Kampong Glam conservation area. The nature of the change had clearly impacted
the heritage character of the area, which is recognised for its rich
historical and cultural significance. There would also plausibly have been
some disquiet given the close proximity to Malay-Muslim landmarks in the
immediate vicinity. I accept that these are considerations for which there was
ample justification to impose a sentence exceeding the “starting point” of
$5,000 to $10,000 for “typical” or “non-aggravated” change of use cases.

10 The District Judge had noted the need for adequate deterrence of
unauthorised works in conservation areas. He was conscious of various
potential aggravating features. Among these was that cultural and religious
sensitivities might be offended although there was no evidence tendered of
actual impact on such sensitivities. He also recognised there was protraction
of the offence. It would appear to me however that the District Judge ought to
have placed considerably more emphasis on this latter consideration, being
evidence of lack of remorse and a persistent (and continuing) breach. However
the District Judge opined that he could not conclude beyond reasonable doubt
that the Respondent was unremorseful. I would respectfully differ. In my view,
there was cogent evidence to support the contention that the Respondent was
hardly remorseful as the breach had in fact continued unabated for a
substantial period. The Respondent did not face a separate charge of
committing a continuing offence but given the facts before the court, there
was evidence of such conduct and this ought to have been taken into account.
Having said that, once this is weighed among the aggravating factors in
respect of the present charge, it would stand to reason that it would not be
correct to tender any further charge involving a continuing offence against
the Respondent.

11 Central to the enquiry on appeal would be whether the District Judge had
erred in his assessment of the impact of the change of use – did it materially
affect the “characteristics or appearance” of the location? In this regard his
reasoning at [48]–[50] of the GD requires closer scrutiny. He correctly noted
that the sale of alcohol _per se_ is not prohibited in the Kampong Glam
conservation area; but it was self-evident that running the restaurant quite
openly as a bar would at least have contributed to a material change in the
“look and feel” of the area. It was not clear from the exhibits tendered by
the defence that other establishments were apparently doing precisely the same
thing along Kandahar Street. In any event, even if they were, this does not
excuse the Respondent’s breach or afford mitigation.

12 The District Judge also took the view that there was no evidence of any
profits that needed to be disgorged and thus did not factor this aspect into
consideration. It is true that no evidence was adduced in support of the
prosecution’s argument to disgorge profits. It would be necessary in my view
to consider the strong likelihood that profits must have been obtained as a
result of the Respondent’s breach, by changing the business model to a bar and
focusing on the sale of alcoholic drinks rather than food. But for the lure of
prospective (and in all likelihood, actual) profits, it would be hard to see
why the Respondent would have chosen to continue acting in breach and lapsing
quickly into breach despite assurances to the URA of having taken steps to
rectify its earlier violation in 2012. The background facts strongly suggest a
calculated or cynical breach, possibly motivated by the hope that enforcement
might not ensue or that any consequent sanctions might be worth their while.
With the Respondent’s conviction and sentence, a clear message would have been
sent that such practices will not be tolerated and enforcement action will be
taken to deal with similar breaches.

13 Ultimately the pivotal issue is whether the fine of $20,000 could be said
to be manifestly inadequate or disproportionate to the Respondent’s
culpability in the round. I agree with the prosecution that a substantially
higher fine is plainly warranted on the facts of the present case. I do not
agree however that the District Judge had erred in each and every respect
enumerated by the prosecution. In my assessment, the District Judge had given
due regard to points (a) to (c) in the prosecution’s list of sentencing
factors as outlined above at [2], but ought to have accorded more weight to
points (d) and (e). In view of the seriousness of the Respondent’s breach, the
fine of $20,000 was manifestly inadequate.

14 I should make it clear that I am not inclined to peg the fine at $50,000 as
suggested, given that there were neither structural or physical alterations or
damage, nor any change in appearance to the conserved building itself. In such
instances, a fine of $50,000 might well be an appropriate starting point for
consideration, and may require upward adjustment taking into account other
relevant considerations such as evidence of unlawful activities (such as
gaming, vice or drug-related activities) taking place on the premises. In the
present case, no evidence was put forth of any such activities, let alone any
complaints of noise pollution or of drunken, disorderly or unruly behaviour.

15 As explained above, I take the view that the District Judge had not plainly
erred in his consideration of all the enumerated sentencing factors. However I
am persuaded that there are good grounds to calibrate the fine upwards having
regard to the appropriate assessment and weight to be attached to the totality
of the aggravating factors reflecting the Respondent’s culpability. In
particular, the Respondent’s persistent and continued offending, lack of
remorse and the need to disgorge profits should have been adequately assessed.
The appeal is allowed and the Respondent is sentenced to a fine of $35,000.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 25 Sep 2015 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

