Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Sim Chay Koon and others _v_ NTUC Income Insurance Co-operative Limited  
[2015] SGCA 46

Case Number| :| Civil Appeal No 18 of 2015  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 20 August 2015  
Tribunal/Court| :| Court of Appeal  
Coram| :|  Sundaresh Menon CJ; Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA; Steven Chong J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Choo Zheng Xi, Peter Cuthbert Low, Raj Mannar and Low
Ying Li Christine (Peter Low LLC) for the appellants; Hri Kumar Nair, SC,
Shivani Retnam and Tan Sze Mei Angeline (Drew & Napier LLC) for the
respondent.  
Parties| :|  SIM CHAY KOON — LIM KIA MENG — LIM PAW SENG PHILLIP — TAY KENG
HONG — NTUC INCOME INSURANCE CO-OPERATIVE LIMITED  
  
20 August 2015|  
---|---  
  
Sundaresh Menon CJ (delivering the judgment of the court _ex tempore_):

1 The central question that is raised in the present appeal is the proper
relationship between the courts and arbitration.

2 The appellants before us brought an action for themselves and on behalf of
34 others against the respondent for an alleged breach of employment terms and
wrongful termination. They are parties to contracts that include an
arbitration agreement, which reads:

If there is a disagreement, one party must notify the other party in a dated
notice describing the nature of the disagreement. If no settlement can be
reached within [2 months] through consultation, either part can make a written
request to the other party that the disagreement be submitted to arbitration
before an arbitrator in Singapore according to the Arbitration Rules of the
Singapore International Arbitration Centre in force at that point of time.
These Arbitration Rules are deemed to be part of this Agreement.

3 Counsel for the appellants, Mr Choo Zheng Xi, was candid enough to accept
that the disputes that have been raised would in principle come within the
ambit of the arbitration agreement. The question then is under what
circumstances should this court ignore the existence of that agreement?

4 We put it to Mr Choo at the outset of his argument that a primary feature of
arbitration is the doctrine of kompetenz-kompetenz. This is a doctrine that
finds expression in s 21(1) of the Arbitration Act (Cap 10, 2002 Rev Ed)
which, it is common ground, is the statute that governs this dispute. Section
21(1) provides as follows:

The arbitral tribunal may rule on its own jurisdiction, including a plea that
it has no jurisdiction and any objections to the existence or validity of the
arbitration agreement, at any stage of the arbitral proceedings.

5 In our judgment, the existence and applicability of the doctrine means that
as a general rule, where a party seeks to avoid its obligation to arbitrate
its dispute, the court should undertake a restrained review of the facts and
circumstances before it in order to determine whether it appears on a _prima
facie_ basis that there is an arbitration clause and that the dispute is
caught by that clause. That standard is amply met in the present case. Hence,
on the face of it, we should hold the parties to their duty to arbitrate and
allow them to raise any relevant objections such as those in relation to
jurisdiction, the validity of the arbitration agreement, or subject matter
arbitrability before the tribunal.

6 While the tribunal generally has the first right to determine and pronounce
on these matters, it does not have the last word. If the appellants should
consider that the tribunal was wrong in the view it may eventually take on any
of these matters, they can then seek relief from the court, among other ways,
by seeking recourse under s 48 of the Arbitration Act. Of course, an
unmeritorious application will find its penalty in costs. That is a view that
the appellants’ legal advisors will have to form and the parties will have to
take that into account in due course.

7 Mr Choo then submitted that the court should as a matter of discretion
decline to uphold the arbitration agreement. It is true that under s 6 of the
Arbitration Act, the court has the discretion not to refer a matter to
arbitration. But, we are satisfied that this discretion should be exercised
sparingly and in a principled way.

8 Mr Choo put a number of points before us but in our judgment, they can
essentially be boiled down to three main points:

(a) First, the question of the cost of arbitration, which he said would be
higher, including by reason of the availability of class action relief in
court proceedings;

(b) Second, the nature of the statutes, namely, the Central Provident Fund Act
(Cap 36, 2013 Rev Ed), the Employment Act (Cap 91, 2009 Rev Ed) and the
Industrial Relations Act (Cap 136, 2004 Rev Ed), that are implicated in this
matter, which Mr Choo said were statutes applicable to employment and with a
particular emphasis on protecting workers; and

(c) Third, the subjective belief of his clients that they would get a better
hearing in the court.

9 In our judgment and with respect to Mr Choo, these are not sufficient
grounds for the exercise of our discretion not to stay the present proceedings
in favour of arbitration. We first point out that there is a further important
factor which must be considered when we exercise our discretion in this
context and that is the existence of an agreement to arbitrate. The very
existence of that agreement between the parties, pursuant to which they have
undertaken to resolve their disputes in a particular way, means that something
weighty must be shown in order to demonstrate that there is sufficient reason
not to hold the parties to that agreement.

10 Against that background, we turn to the grounds put forward:

(a) In our judgment, it is firstly not a legitimate ground to say that
arbitration will be more costly. Even if true, the parties may be taken to
have already factored that when they nonetheless chose to arbitrate their
disputes. But moreover, we actually have no way knowing if it will or will not
be more expensive to arbitrate this matter. As we observed during Mr Choo’s
arguments, we expect and would encourage the respondent to adopt measures to
control costs in the interests of all the parties.

(b) As to the nature of the statutes, again there is nothing in the nature of
these statutes that make it unsuitable for an arbitrator to deal with the
issues they give rise to. Further, as we observed, there are retired judges
and senior lawyers who may be available and willing to be appointed as
arbitrator(s) to hear this matter.

(c) Lastly, the subjective preference of a party will generally not be a
relevant basis for the exercise of the court’s discretion.

11 For these reasons we dismiss the appeal. We fixed costs at $30,000 plus
reasonable disbursements.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 20 Aug 2015 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

