Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Lau Fook Hoong Adam _v_ GTH Engineering & Construction Pte Ltd  
[2015] SGHC 141

Case Number| :| Originating Summons No 915 of 2014  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 25 May 2015  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Aedit Abdullah JC  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Chia Chee Hyong Leonard and Tan Hin Wa Jason (Asia Ascent
Law Corporation) for the plaintiff; Lam Kuet Keng Steven John (Templars Law
LLC) for the defendant.  
Parties| :|  Lau Fook Hoong Adam — GTH Engineering & Construction Pte Ltd  
  
25 May 2015|  Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Aedit Abdullah JC:

Introduction

1 The plaintiff in this case seeks to resist the enforcement of an
adjudication determination dated 1 October 2014 made pursuant to the Building
and Construction Industry Security of Payment Act (Cap 30B, 2006 Rev Ed) (“the
SOPA”). What is unusual, however, is that the plaintiff’s application is not
made pursuant to O 95 r 3 of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2014 Rev Ed)
which requires the plaintiff to provide security for the unpaid portion of the
adjudicated amount that he is required to pay in consequence of the
adjudication determination at the time of the filing of the application.

2 Instead, the plaintiff, without providing security, seeks a declaration that
the adjudication determination is null and void and, in the alternative, a
declaration that the adjudicator lacked jurisdiction to adjudicate the matter
under the SOPA. He alleges, _inter alia_ , that the payment claim issued by
the defendant on 31 July 2014 which triggered the adjudication is not a valid
payment claim under the SOPA and that there was a breach of natural justice
during the course of the adjudication.

3 Lastly, in the event that the court refuses to grant the declarations
sought, the plaintiff requests for an order to stay the enforcement of the
adjudication determination.

Facts

Background

4 The plaintiff and the defendant were engaged in an employer-contractor
relationship under a building and construction contract entered into on 10
December 2008 which incorporated Singapore Institute of Architects’ Articles
and Conditions of Building Contract (Lump Sum Contract) (7th Ed, April 2005)
(“the SIA Conditions 2005”) .[note: 1] The agreed fee was $1,906,891.31 and 5
December 2009 was the stipulated date for completion.[note: 2]

5 The defendant was unable to complete its works by the completion date and
the architect for the building project issued a delay certificate on 10
December 2009. The architect thereafter only issued the completion certificate
on 3 March 2011, certifying that the defendant had completed its works.[note:
3] Prior to this, the defendant had issued 15 progress payment claims and
corresponding interim architect’s certificates were issued pursuant to the
mechanism provided for under cl 31 of the SIA Conditions 2005. The fifteenth
progress payment claim and corresponding interim certificate were issued on 23
June 2010 and 6 July 2010 respectively.[note: 4] The plaintiff paid the
amounts certified in all of the 15 interim certificates issued.

Payment claims leading up to the adjudication

6 On 22 February 2012, the architect reminded the defendant to submit its
“final claim”[note: 5] pursuant to cl 31(11) of the SIA Conditions 2005 which
provides as follows:

**Final Claim Documents**

31.(11) The Contractor shall before the end of the Maintenance Period submit a
final claim to the Architect with a copy to the Quantity Surveyor. Such claim
shall contain details of all quantities, rates and prices and any adjustment
of the Contract Sum or additional payments or compensation claimed by the
Contractor under the terms of the Contract, together with any explanations and
supporting vouchers, documents or calculations, including documents relating
to the accounts of Designated or Nominated Sub-Contractors or Suppliers, which
may be necessary to enable the Final Account to be prepared by the Quantity
Surveyor.

7 The defendant thereafter served on the architect a payment claim which it
referred to as “Progress Claim No.16A (FINAL ACCOUNT)” on 27 February
2012.[note: 6] I shall henceforth refer to this payment claim as “Payment
Claim 16A”. Payment Claim 16A did not specify which period of time for works
done by the defendant it related to. Instead, it purported to represent the
“FINAL SUMMARY (FINAL ACCOUNT)”[note: 7] for works done by the defendant. The
architect and quantity surveyor, assuming that Payment Claim 16A was intended
to be the defendant’s final claim under cl 31(11) of the SIA Conditions 2005,
did not take any action because the defendant failed to produce the supporting
documents needed for the preparation of the Final Account as required under
that very clause.

8 After some intermittent communications between the parties, and upon the
request of the plaintiff for the defendant to issue its final claim pursuant
to cl 31(11) of the SIA Conditions 2005, the defendant served another payment
claim on 6 January 2014. The respective letter attaching the payment claim
states as follows:[note: 8]

_RE: 4 TAI YUAN HEIGHTS – PROGRESS CLAIM NO. 16B (FINAL ACCOUNT)_

We refer to the above and are pleased to submit herewith our Progress Claim
No.16B (FINAL ACCOUNT) for your perusal and consideration.

I shall henceforth refer to this payment claim as “Payment Claim 16B”. Payment
Claim 16B similarly did not specify which period of time for works done it
related to. Instead, like Payment Claim 16A, it purported to represent the
“FINAL SUMMARY (FINAL ACCOUNT)” for works done by the defendant.[note: 9]
Vouchers, invoices and other supporting documents were also appended to
Payment Claim 16B.

9 The quantity surveyor then sought to clarify with the defendant the nature
of Payment Claim 16B. In an email from the quantity surveyor, Mr Oliver Ho
(“Mr Ho”) to an employee of the defendant, Ms Angie Ang (“Ms Ang”), dated 27
January 2014, Mr Ho asked:[note: 10]

Hi Angie,

Please confirm whether your Claim No 16B is actually your _Final Account
Document_ submission _pursuant to [cl] 31(11)(a)_ of the SIA Conditons [_sic_]
of Contract.

[emphasis added]

Ms Ang then replied on the same day:[note: 11]

Dear Oliver

We would like to confirm that our Claim No.16B dated 6 January 2014 is our
_Final Account_.

[emphasis added]

10 It bears noting that the SIA Conditions 2005 does not contain a cl
31(11)(a). Clause 31(11) of the SIA Conditions 2005 does not contain any sub-
clauses (see above at [6]). Rather, cl 31(11)(a) is only found in later
editions of the standard form contract, such as the most recent Singapore
Institute of Architects’ Articles and Conditions of Building Contract (Lump
Sum Contract) (9th Ed, Reprint August 2011) (“the SIA Conditions 2011”).
Clause 31(11) of the SIA Conditions 2011 in fact provides for a final claim
procedure different from that found in cl 31(11) of the SIA Conditions 2005:

**Final Account Documents**

31.(11)(a) The Contractor shall before the end of the Maintenance Period
submit his Final Account Documents to the Architect with a copy to the
Quantity Surveyor showing the final value of all Works carried out including
variations and such other amounts which he considers he is entitled to under
the Contract together with supporting documents, vouchers and other documents
including documents relating to the accounts of the Designated or Nominated
Sub-Contractors or Suppliers to enable the Quantity Surveyor and the Architect
to prepare the Statement of Final Account under paragraph (b) hereof.

31.(11)(b) The Architect shall within 3 months from:

(i) the date of receipt of the Final Account Documents from the Contractor
under paragraph (a) hereof; or

(ii) the date of the issue of the Maintenance Certificate;

(whichever is the later) provide to the Contractor the Statement of Final
Account which shall show the Architect’s final measurement and valuation of
all Works carried out together with any permitted deductions (including
liquidated damages) under the terms of the Contract whether or not such
deductions have been made by the Employer unless in respect of permitted
deductions not yet made by the Employer, the Employer has informed the
Architect of his decision to forgo or postpone the same.

31.(11)(c) The Contractor shall serve his final payment claim to the Employer
(with a copy to the Architect and the Quantity Surveyor) within 14 days after
the occurrence of either of the following events whichever is the later:

(i) the issue of the Maintenance Certificate; or

(ii) the receipt by the Contractor of the Statement of the Final Account under
paragraph (b) hereof.

…

11 It thus appears to be the case that both the quantity surveyor and the
defendant had, at least as of 27 January 2014, proceeded on the incorrect
basis that it was the SIA Conditions 2011 (or any other editions of the
standard form contract subsequent to the SIA Conditions 2005) that governed
the final claim procedure instead of the SIA Conditions 2005 that was
incorporated into the building contract between the parties. This is a
significant point which I will return to later on in this judgment.

12 Upon confirmation by the defendant that Payment Claim 16B was intended to
be a “Final Account”, the parties, including the quantity surveyor, began to
prepare the Final Account. However, the documentation provided together with
Payment Claim 16B was deemed deficient by quantity surveyor and more documents
were requested. The documentation required for the preparation of the Final
Account pursuant to cl 31(11) of the SIA Conditions 2005 was only fully
consolidated on 26 June 2014. The architect then issued the maintenance
certificate on 30 June 2014 and began to prepare the final certificate
pursuant to cl 31(12)(a) of the SIA Conditions 2005 which provides as follows:

**Final Certificate**

31.(12)(a) Within 3 months of receipt from the Contractor of the documentation
referred to in the preceding sub-clause of this Condition or of the issue of
the Maintenance Certificate (whichever is the later) the Architect shall issue
a Final Certificate. Such Certificate shall be supported by documents showing
the Architect’s final measurement and valuation of the Works in accordance
with all the terms of the Contract, and after setting out and allowing for all
payments or other expenditure of the Employer or any permitted deductions by
him shall state any final balance due from the Employer to the Contractor or
from the Contractor to the Employer, as the case may be, which shall thereupon
become a debt due. Such certificate shall also take account expressly of any
outstanding permitted deductions not yet made by the Employer under the terms
of the Contract whether by way of liquidated damages or otherwise (unless the
Employer shall inform the Architect of his decision to forego or postpone his
right to the same).

As the issuance of the maintenance certificate was the later event, the final
certificate was due by 30 September 2014.

13 On 31 July 2014, the defendant issued what it referred to as “Progress
Claim No.17”.[note: 12] I shall henceforth refer to this payment claim as
“Payment Claim 17”. Unlike Payment Claim 16A and Payment Claim 16B, Payment
Claim 17 did not purport to be a “FINAL ACCOUNT” or to provide a “Final
Summary” of the Final Account. Instead, Payment Claim 17 referred specifically
to the period of time for works done between 23 July 2010 (the date of the
fifteenth progress payment claim mentioned above at [5]) and 31 July
2014.[note: 13]

14 The plaintiff did not issue a payment response to Payment Claim 17. He was
of the opinion that Payment Claim 16B was the defendant’s final claim under cl
31(11) of the SIA Conditions 2005 and that the defendant could not, and should
not, issue any payment claim subsequent to its final claim. The architect did
not issue any corresponding certificate as well. The defendant then, on 3
September 2014, gave notice to the defendant and the architect of its
intention to apply for adjudication. The architect, uncertain as to why the
plaintiff issued Payment Claim 17, sent the following letter to the defendant
on 4 September 2014:[note: 14]

We refer to your letter dated 3rd September 2014.

You will recall that you submitted your final claim pursuant to clause 31(11)
of the contract on 6th January 2014.

On the basis that this is your final claim, we understand that you have been
liaising with the quantity surveyor Mr. Oliver Ho in relation to the
submission of all necessary documents to enable the Final Account to be
prepared.

We further understand from Mr. Oliver Ho that submission for all necessary
documents was finally completed on 26th June 2014. On this basis we are in the
process of issuing the Final Certificate pursuant to clause 31(12)(a) of the
contract.

There is therefore no basis for any further progress claims to be submitted
and we will proceed on the basis their [_sic_] Progress Claim No. 16B dated
6th January 2014 is your final claim.

Alternatively, if you are in fact treating Progress Claim No. 17 as your final
claim pursuant to clause 31(11) and wish for us to disregard Progress Claim
No. 16B, please let us know within 7 days of this letter, failing which we
will proceed to issue the Final Certificate on the basis of your final claim
as set out in Progress Claim No. 16B dated 6th January 2014 and in that event,
Progress Claim No. 17 will be disregarded.

As can be seen from this letter, the architect had treated Payment Claim 16B
as a final claim under cl 31(11) of the SIA Conditions 2005 and was of the
opinion that no further payment claims should be issued after the final claim.
The defendant never replied to this letter from the architect. The architect
consequently disregarded Payment Claim 17 and continued to prepare the final
certificate.

The adjudication

15 The defendant lodged an adjudication application with the Singapore
Mediation Centre on 4 September 2014 and the plaintiff was notified of this on
5 September 2014.[note: 15] The plaintiff then filed its adjudication response
on 12 September 2014. In its adjudication response, the plaintiff submitted
that the defendant had no basis to issue Payment Claim 17 after it had issued
what the plaintiff regarded as the defendant’s final claim in the form of
Payment Claim 16B.[note: 16]

16 An adjudicator was nominated and an adjudication conference was held on 19
September 2014. At this conference, counsel for the plaintiff repeated the
arguments in his adjudication response. He also asked for an adjournment of
the matter in the light of the fact that the final certificate was soon to be
issued on 26 September 2014. The defendants, however, refused to acquiesce to
such an adjournment. The adjudicator thereafter, with the agreement of both
parties, directed that the plaintiff was to file his written submissions by 24
September 2014 and that the defendant was to tender any reply by 26 September
2014. The adjudication determination was to be rendered by 1 October
2014.[note: 17]

17 The Final Account and final certificate were issued on 25 September
2014.[note: 18] The plaintiff informed the adjudicator of this the next day,
on 26 September 2014. He subsequently sent the adjudicator an email dated 27
September 2014 requesting the adjudicator to consider the fact that the Final
Account and final certificate had been issued for the purposes of rendering
his decision.[note: 19]

18 As agreed, the adjudicator issued his adjudication determination on 1
October 2014. He decided that there was nothing in the SIA Conditions 2005 and
the SOPA that prohibited the filing of a payment claim after a final claim has
been issued. Further, as the plaintiff had failed to file any payment
response, the adjudicator noted that, according to s 15(3)(_a_) of the SOPA,
he was not permitted to consider any reasons raised by the plaintiff for
withholding the payment of any amount claimed under Payment Claim 17. The
adjudicator thus found in favour of the defendant and granted the defendant
its full claim under Payment Claim 17 amounting to $625,167.98. The
adjudicator did not make any reference to the Final Account or final
certificate issued on 25 September 2014 in his adjudication determination.

The present proceedings

19 The plaintiff, unhappy with the adjudication determination rendered,
brought the present proceedings to challenge the adjudication determination
rendered by the adjudicator. He once again argues that the defendant was not
allowed to issue Payment Claim 17 after it had issued Payment Claim 16B, which
the plaintiff regards as the defendant’s final claim under cl 31(11) of the
SIA Conditions 2005. He also argues that there was a breach of natural justice
arising from the adjudicator’s failure to consider the Final Account and final
certificate issued on 25 September 2014.

20 However, as I have mentioned above (at [1]), the application made by the
plaintiff is not one under O 95 r 3 of the Rules of Court for the adjudication
determination to be set aside—an application which would require the plaintiff
to provide security for the $625,167.98 that he is required to pay in
consequence of the adjudication determination. Rather, the plaintiff, without
providing such security, only seeks a declaration that the adjudication
determination is null and void or that the adjudicator lacked jurisdiction to
deal with the matter. In the alternative, the plaintiff seeks a stay of
execution of the enforcement of the adjudication determination.

21 The defendant thus objects to the application on a preliminary basis. The
defendant takes the view that the plaintiff is not entitled to make the
application before me. It argues that the plaintiff should not be allowed to
evade the requirement to provide security under s 27(5) of the SOPA and O 95 r
3(3) of the Rules of Court when he is in essence attempting to set aside the
adjudication determination. If the defendant succeeds on this issue, then the
entire application of the plaintiff must be dismissed regardless of the merits
underlying his application. I shall therefore proceed to deal with this
preliminary objection first.

The propriety of the plaintiff’s application

22 The SOPA provides a legislative framework for contractors to receive prompt
payments for works done pursuant to a building and construction. This function
of the SOPA has been comprehensively described by the Court of Appeal in _W Y
Steel Construction Pte Ltd v Osko Pte Ltd_ [2013] 3 SLR 380 (“ _W Y Steel_ ”)
(at [18]):

… It has often been said that cash flow is the life blood of those in the
building and construction industry. If contractors and sub-contractors are not
paid timeously for work done or materials supplied, the progress of
construction work will almost inevitably be disrupted. Moreover, there is a
not insignificant risk of financial distress and insolvency arising as a
result. In the years before the immediate predecessor of the Act (_viz_ , the
Building and Construction Industry Security of Payment Act 2004 (Act 57 of
2004) ("Act 57/2004")) was enacted in 2005, there had been several such cases.
It was with the specific aim of minimising such disruptions that Act 57/2004
(now superseded by the Act) was passed. The Act achieves its stated purpose of
facilitating cash flow in the building and construction industry in two
principal ways. First, it establishes that parties who have done work or
supplied goods are entitled to payment as of right: see s 5 of the Act.
Second, it creates an intervening, provisional process of adjudication which,
although provisional in nature, is final and binding on the parties to the
adjudication until their differences are ultimately and conclusively
determined or resolved: see s 21 of the Act. This is what is referred to as
temporary finality.

23 It is thus said that adjudication determinations are granted temporary
finality in furtherance of the legislative purpose behind the enactment of the
SOPA. They may be enforced in the same manner as a judgment or an order of
court pursuant to s 27(1) of the SOPA; but they are only interim in nature and
any underlying payment dispute resolved by the adjudication determination may
be reopened at a later time and ventilated in what the Court of Appeal in
_Chin Ivan v H P Construction & Engineering Pte Ltd_ [2015] SGCA 14 (“ _Chin
Ivan_ ”) described (at [22]) as “’substantive’ proceedings”, that is,
proceedings brought to obtain a final and binding determination of the full
price payable for the work done.

24 Despite the temporary finality granted to an adjudication determination, a
party that is dissatisfied with an adjudication determination may still
challenge that particular adjudication determination under the SOPA in two
ways. These two avenues available to a dissatisfied party have also been
elaborated on by the Court of Appeal in _W Y Steel_ (at [59]):

We have said above that the purpose of the Act is to ensure (_inter alia_)
that even though adjudication determinations are interim in nature,
_successful claimants are paid_. To this end, under s 22(1), the respondent
must pay the adjudicated amount either within seven days after being served
with the adjudication determination (see s 22(1)(_a_)), or by the deadline
stipulated by the adjudicator (see s 22(1)(_b_)). The claimant can suspend
work (see s 26(1)(_d_)) or take a lien on goods supplied (see s 25(2)(_d_)) if
the respondent fails to pay. _If the respondent intends to apply for a review
of the adjudication determination, he must first pay the adjudicated amount to
the claimant_ : see s [1]8(3) [_sic_]. _If the respondent wants to set aside
the adjudication determination, he must pay into court as security the unpaid
portion of the adjudicated amount_ : see s 27(5). This requirement is repeated
in O 95 r 3(3) of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2006 Rev Ed). These
provisions all point to one thing: _where a claimant succeeds in his
adjudication application, he is entitled to receive the adjudicated amount
quickly and cannot be denied payment without very good reason_.

[emphasis added]

25 As can be seen from the passage above, although a dissatisfied party may
either apply for a review of an adjudication determination pursuant to s 18(2)
of the SOPA or apply to court to set aside the adjudication determination, he
must, in either instance, fork out the unpaid adjudicated amount; as payment
to the claimant in the case of a review of the adjudication determination
pursuant to s 18(3) of the SOPA or as payment into court as security for the
unpaid portion of the adjudicated amount pursuant to s 27(5) of the SOPA and O
95 r 3(3) of the Rules of Court. Further, these provisions are in place to
reinforce the entitlement of a successful claimant in an adjudication to quick
payment of the adjudicated amount.

26 With regard to the requirement for the provision of security in a setting
aside application, I would only add that this requirement also protects the
successful claimant’s right to be paid by guarding that claimant against the
risk of the respondent becoming insolvent and the risk of the respondent
dissipating assets to avoid payment. It also ensures that the claimant would
be paid immediately upon the conclusion of the setting aside application
(which may sometimes take a substantial amount of time to conclude) in the
event that the application is dismissed. The claimant should not be put
through the entire process of having to enforce the adjudication determination
against the respondent when that process was delayed as a result of the
setting aside application itself. All in all, s 27(5) of the SOPA and O 95 r
3(3) of the Rules of Court provides successful claimants with a very important
safeguard against non-payment of adjudicated amounts which, in the grand
scheme of things, is aligned with the SOPA’s overarching aim of ensuring
timeous payments to contractors.

27 I am thus of the view that the requirement for the provision of security
under s 27(5) of the SOPA and O 95 r 3(3) of the Rules of Court is a strict
requirement that must be observed if one seeks to challenge an adjudication
determination in court. The SOPA seeks to provide contractors and sub-
contractors with valuable rights in the light of the vulnerability of the
liquidity-dependent industry which they operate in. It does so by laying down
strict statutory requirements that apply to each juncture of the claim
process, such as in the form of rigid timelines for the purposes of avoiding
delay. It thus follows that the availability of these rights must be secured
via strict observance of these statutory requirements. This is especially so
when the requirements are clearly enacted to further the primary objective of
the SOPA to preserve the rights of all parties in the construction industry to
timeous payment for work done and goods supplied.

28 As was observed by the Court of Appeal in _Lee Wee Lick Terence (alias Li
Weili Terence) v Chua Say Eng (formerly trading as Weng Fatt Construction
Engineering) and another appeal_ [2013] 1 SLR 401, the court in a setting
aside action is concerned with jurisdictional challenges against the
adjudicator, which if successful, would render the adjudication determination
“null and void” (at [66]). The plaintiff here, who seeks a declaration that
the adjudication determination is “null and void”[note: 20] and a declaration
that the adjudicator “has no jurisdiction to adjudicate the matter”,[note: 21]
is thus attempting to achieve the exact effect of a usual setting aside
application—save for the fact that he does not take the further step of
requesting for an actual setting aside order. If follows that the plaintiff
is, in fact, attempting to disguise (rather poorly, if I may add) his
application as something other than a setting aside application so that he may
evade the statutory requirement to provide security for the unpaid portion of
the adjudicated amount. This is impermissible and to find otherwise would
result in the complete erosion of the protection conferred on successful
claimants in an adjudication determination under s 27(5) of the SOPA and O 95
r 3(3) of the Rules of Court.

29 Challenges against an adjudication determination, either on jurisdictional
grounds or for failure to comply with the requirements of the SOPA (such as
the requirement for the adjudicator to “comply with the principles of natural
justice” pursuant to s 16(3)(_c_) of the SOPA”), if successful, result in that
adjudication determination being rendered null, void or invalid. Such
successful challenges consequently lead to the inevitable conclusion that the
adjudication determination in question should be set aside such that the
payment obligations flowing from that adjudication determination are
extinguished. Thus, regardless of the form of the applications from which
challenges against adjudication determinations are brought, challenges against
adjudication determinations must be regarded as being effectively setting
aside applications governed by s 27(5) of the SOPA.

30 In this regard, I am satisfied that the statutory regime contemplates only
the prescribed avenues available to a dissatisfied party. To take a looser
approach would, to my mind, undermine the objective and intent of the
statutory framework under the SOPA to safeguard the contractor’s expectation
of cash flow when certain conditions are met.

31 The plaintiff’s application, which is premised upon certain challenges
against the adjudication determination, is in essence a setting aside
application and the plaintiff must accordingly provide the security required
under s 27(5) of the SOPA and O 95 r 3(3) of the Rules of Court. As the
plaintiff has failed to do so, its application is improper, or even an abuse
of process if I may add, and I therefore order that it be dismissed in its
entirety for the reasons I have given save for the plaintiff’s prayer for a
stay of enforcement of the adjudication determination which I shall now turn
to.

Stay of enforcement of the adjudication determination

32 It is rather straightforward that the plaintiff’s prayer for a stay of
enforcement of the adjudication determination cannot be allowed and I make two
points in this regard. First, a stay of enforcement of an adjudication
determination must be premised upon enforcement proceedings being brought in
the first place. This would mean that any stay application should properly be
made by way of summons in the enforcement proceedings itself and not by way of
originating summons, which the plaintiff has opted to do so here.

33 Secondly, in any event, the grounds for granting a stay of enforcement of
an adjudication determination are very limited. These grounds were elaborated
on by the Court of Appeal in _W Y Steel_ (at [70]):

70 In our judgment, a stay of enforcement of an adjudication determination may
ordinarily be justified where there is clear and objective evidence of the
successful claimant's actual present insolvency, or where the court is
satisfied on a balance of probabilities that if the stay were not granted, the
money paid to the claimant would not ultimately be recovered if the dispute
between the parties were finally resolved in the respondent's favour by a
court or tribunal or some other dispute resolution body. Further, we agree
with HHJ Coulson QC in  _Derek Vago_ that a court may properly consider
whether the claimant's financial distress was, to a significant degree, caused
by the respondent's failure to pay the adjudicated amount and, also, whether
the claimant was already in a similar state of financial strength or weakness
(as the case may be) at the time the parties entered into their contract.

71 In the course of the arguments before us, it was suggested that the above
approach would tilt the balance unduly in favour of the successful claimant
and place the unsuccessful respondent unfairly at risk. It was also suggested
that this would leave a successful claimant in an adjudication under the Act
in a better position than a party who had succeeded at a trial but where an
appeal was pending. Whether that is true or not, the comparison is not one
that is apt. An adjudication determination is provisional in the sense that it
may ultimately be reversed if it is challenged in a court or tribunal or some
other dispute resolution body. However, as far as the rights of the parties to
the adjudication are concerned, to the extent that the adjudication
determination remains intact pending any such challenge, it has the effect of
absolutely and conclusively determining the parties' rights until and unless
it is eventually reversed in accordance with the provisions of the Act - see
[13] and [18] above. Hence, while we are prepared to recognise the possibility
of granting a stay of enforcement of an adjudication determination because of
the possibility of a different outcome emerging eventually, a stay will not
_readily_ be granted having regard to the overall purpose of the Act, which is
precisely to avoid and guard against pushing building and construction
companies over the financial precipice.

34 The plaintiff here has not produced any objective evidence of any risk of
insolvency that the defendant may face. He has also not shown in any way that
there exists the possibility that any money paid to the defendant would
subsequently be irrecoverable if the dispute between the parties are finally
resolved in the plaintiff’s favour. Lastly, there is also nothing to suggest
that a different outcome would emerge at the conclusion of future
“substantive” proceedings that will fully and finally resolve the parties’
dispute. The plaintiff has thus not met the “high threshold … required to
justify granting a stay of enforcement” in the present application and its
application in this regard must also be dismissed.

35 In the light of my findings above, the plaintiff’s application must be
dismissed in its entirety. The matter may thus be disposed of without any
consideration of the actual challenges raised by the plaintiff against the
adjudication determination. Nonetheless, I would like to make some
observations concerning the plaintiff’s contention that Payment Claim 17 is an
invalid payment claim under the SOPA in the light of the fact that it was
issued after the defendant had issued its “final claim” under cl 31(11) of the
SIA Conditions 2005.

Further observations on Payment Claim 17

The SIA Conditions 2005 and the SIA Conditions 2011

36 The SIA Conditions 2005 are preceded by a set of standard forms of contract
issued by the Singapore Institutes of Architects which existed long before the
introduction of the SOPA and its predecessor, the Building and Construction
Industry Security of Payment Act 2004 (Act 57 of 2004). Like the SOPA, the SIA
Conditions 2005 include a mechanism for the payment of monies due to
contractors. This mechanism was recently discussed in _Chin Ivan_ at
[13]–[14]:

13 The roots of the SIA Conditions can be traced to a set of standard forms of
contract and subcontract drafted by the late Mr Ian Duncan Wallace QC. These
standard forms were first introduced in 1980 and made significant changes to
the regime reflected in the then existing standard B&C contracts. The standard
forms were intended to address a number of issues that had bedevilled the
local B&C industry; in particular, the fact that contractors sometimes found
themselves at the mercy of employers who might withhold payment of certified
sums on account of alleged counterclaims and set-offs. An important feature of
the SIA Conditions is the regulation, by way of Architect’s certificates, of
the payment of monies due to contractors and of the deductions that can be
made by employers. The Architect’s certificate serves as the basis for both
the contractor’s claim for payment of monies due and also the employer’s right
to make deductions against such claims. Under a B&C contract which
incorporates the SIA Conditions (also referred to hereafter as a “standard
form SIA contract” where appropriate to the context), the Architect, in
essence, is the quasi-adjudicator of both the contractor’s right to receive
payment for work done as well as the employer’s right to withhold payment on
account of any cross-claim(s). This fundamental role of the Architect and his
certificates is clearly described in the Singapore Institute of Architects’
_Guidance Notes on Articles and Conditions of Building Contract_ (Singapore
Institute of Architects, 3rd Ed, 2011) (“the _Guidance Notes_ ”) as follows
(at p 1):

**2\. Architect’s powers**

The scheme of the contract is _to ensure that virtually all areas of possible
financial controversy_ , except most cases of breach of contract by the
Employer and all terminations of the Contract by either party, _are to be
regulated by the certificates of the Architect_. … In all cases … the
_contractual effect of these certificates is to bind both employer and
contractor, but only until final judgment or final award in any dispute
between them_ – both parties will therefore be able to use the summary
procedures in the Courts (or interim awards by arbitrators) in order to
enforce the certificates – see Clauses 31.(13) and 37.(3)(h) …

[emphasis added]

14 This excerpt from the _Guidance Notes_ introduces the concept of “temporary
finality” that is to be accorded to valid Architect’s certificates so that
they will bind the parties unless and until they are opened up and reviewed in
the course of proceedings typically brought at the end of the project when a
final judgment or award as to the parties’ substantive rights is rendered. The
same broad scheme is mirrored in the role of Dispute Review Boards that assist
in resolving disputes in large-scale engineering projects governed by the
standard terms of the International Federation of Consulting Engineers, more
commonly known as FIDIC. _The B &C adjudication framework encapsulated within
the SOPA is also reflective of this scheme._

[emphasis added]

Thus, under the SIA Conditions 2005, the architect, rather than an
adjudicator, determines the amounts due from the employer to the contractor
for works done. The architect’s certificate, rather than an adjudication
determination, is then enforceable pursuant to cl 31(13) of the SIA Conditions
2005 by way of summary judgment or interim award. This general scheme remains
in place under the SIA Conditions 2011 as well.

37 With the introduction of the SOPA, the standard forms of contract were
updated to harmonise the architect certification scheme with the scheme under
the SOPA. For example, an architect’s interim certificate must be issued 14
days after the contractor issues its progress payment claim (cl 31(3) of the
SIA Conditions 2005). On the other hand, under the SOPA, the employer only has
to issue its payment response 21 days after the contractor issues its payment
claim (cl 31(15) of the SIA Conditions 2005 read with s 11(1)(_a_) of the
SOPA). This scheme would mean that an architect’s interim certificate should
always, or at least most of the time, be available for the purposes of the
issuance of a payment response pursuant to the SOPA or for the purposes of any
adjudication brought under the SOPA. This intention for the architect’s
certificate and adjudication process to complement each other is stated in the
Singapore Institute of Architects’ _Guidance Notes on Articles and Conditions
of Building Contract_ (Singapore Institute of Architects, 3rd Ed, 2011) (“the
_Guidance Notes_ ”) at p 20:

The Contract Conditions do not preclude the Contractor from claiming for
payment for works carried out as certified in the interim certificate or final
certificate should he choose to do so. As a matter of practicality, with the
availability of fast track adjudication under the SOP Act, it is expected that
most Contractors will take advantage of the adjudication proceedings to pursue
payment of their interim payment claims.

38 There was, however, some confusion regarding how the final claim process
under cll 31(11) and 31(12)(a) of the SIA Conditions 2005 interacted with the
SOPA. In particular, there was uncertainty as to whether a final claim under
the SIA Conditions 2005 qualified as a payment claim under the SOPA. This
confusion was put to rest by the decision of Lai Siu Chiu J in _Tiong Seng
Contractors (Pte) Ltd v Chuan Lim Construction Pte Ltd_ [2007] 4 SLR(R) 364.
In that decision, Lai J found (at [52]) that a “final claim” also constituted
a payment claim under the SOPA which could be adjudicated upon.

39 Lai J’s decision resulted in a degree of incompatibility between the SIA
Conditions 2005 and the SOPA in relation to the final claim process. Under cl
31(12)(a) of the SIA Conditions 2005, the architect is only required to issue
the final certificate three months after the final claim is submitted by the
contractor with the required supporting documentation or three months after
the architect has issued the maintenance certificate (whichever is later).
This would mean that any payment response, which is due 21 days after the
issuance of the final claim, would have to be issued without the benefit of
any architect’s certificate. Further, there is also the possibility that
adjudication between the parties may take place without the benefit of an
architect’s final certificate which would only be issued by the architect at a
much later date. There could, as a result, be two enforceable instruments that
deal with the same subject matter and that may be inconsistent with each
other.

40 Further changes were thus made to the standard forms of contract and this
culminated in cl 31(11) of the SIA Conditions 2011 which I have laid out above
(at [10]). Other than changing the wording “final claim” to “final payment
claim” under cl 31(11)(c) of the SIA Conditions 2011, the terms were also
amended such that the Final Account process is to take place before the
issuance of the final payment claim. The architect’s final certificate is then
due within 14 days of receipt of the final payment claim pursuant to cl
31(12)(a) of the SIA Conditions 2011. This scheme thus harmonised the final
payment claim and certification process with the SOPA in the same manner as
that for progress payment claims described above (at [37]). The employer would
thus have the benefit of the final certificate for the purposes of issuing a
payment response to the final payment claim. The adjudicator would also have
the benefit of the final certificate for the purposes of rendering an
adjudication determination.

The dispute over Payment Claim 17

41 The dispute between the parties thus arises as a result of the defendant
and the quantity surveyor proceeding on the mistaken premise that the contract
with the plaintiff incorporated the SIA Conditions 2011 (see above at
[9]–[11]). This probably is a result of the fact that the defendant and
quantity surveyor are both involved in many such building contracts and this
caused them to lose track of the exact edition of the standard terms that was
incorporated into the actual contract. Seen in this light, it can thus be
understood that Payment Claim 16B was indeed intended by the defendant to be a
progress payment claim that was submitted together with the Final Account
documents required under cl 31(11)(a) of the SIA Conditions 2011 for the
purposes of initiating the final payment process under the SIA Conditions
2011. To the defendant’s mind, Payment Claim 16B cannot be a final payment
claim since the latter may only be issued after the Final Account is prepared.

42 As this point came to light after the hearing, I requested further
submissions from the parties on the impact, if any, of this confusion as to
the applicable terms. The plaintiff’s main contention is that the parties
contracted only on the basis of the SIA Conditions 2005. The defendant argues
however that in the present context there was no meeting of minds, as the
parties were at cross-purposes. The defendant thus submits that Payment Claim
16B is not intended to be a final claim and that Payment Claim 17 was
accordingly not incorrectly submitted.

43 I am unable to accept the defendant’s further arguments. Whether a
particular payment claim is a final claim or a progress payment claim must
primarily be determined according to the terms of the contract between the
parties which defines such claims and not by a party’s mere subjective
intention. To hold otherwise would blur and render uncertain the rules of
engagement which the parties to a construction contract expressly agree to.

44 In my judgment, I am of the view that the objective evidence leads to the
inevitable conclusion that Payment Claim 16B falls squarely within the
definition of a final claim under cl 31(11) of the SIA Conditions 2005. This
is reasonable in the circumstances since the supporting documents required to
be provided with the final claim under cl 31(11) of the SIA Conditions 2005
were submitted together with Payment Claim 16B. Further, as contrasted with
Payment Claim 17, no specified time period was referred to in Payment Claim
16B. Instead, Payment Claim 16B purported to provide a “Final Summary” of the
Final Account, and this would most definitely lead the plaintiff to believe
that Payment Claim 16B was intended by the defendant to be a “final claim”
which precedes the preparation of the Final Account under the SIA Conditions
2005. Even if the defendant did not intend for Payment Claim 16B to be a final
claim, the fact that it had submitted Payment Claim 16B for the purposes of
the preparation of the Final Account, a fact which the defendant itself
accepts in its further arguments—is incontrovertible evidence of the true
nature of Payment Claim 16B, that of a final claim filed prior to and for the
purposes of preparing the Final Account as defined under cl 31(11) of the SIA
Conditions.

45 Lastly, I also note that the defendant never objected to the architect’s
indication that he would proceed to prepare the final certificate. If the
defendant had believed the SIA Conditions 2011 to be applicable, it would have
been expected that the defendant would object to the preparation of a final
certificate, something that should only take place after the Final Account is
prepared and after the defendant had issued what it believed to be its final
payment claim. The defendant also did not reply to the architect’s letter
dated 4 September 2014 seeking clarification on the matter (see above at
[14]). Even if the defendant did not intend for Payment Claim 16B to be a
final claim when it first issued Payment Claim 16B, its subsequent conduct
suggests that this intention did not persist.

46 In the circumstances, although I do sympathise with the fact that the
defendant had merely made an honest mistake when it issued Payment Claim 16B,
the objective evidence suggests that Payment Claim 16B is indeed a final claim
as defined under cl 31(11) of the incorporated SIA Conditions 2005. This
brings me to the next issue, that is, whether payment claims may, under the
SOPA, be issued after a final claim is issued pursuant to cl 31(11) of the SIA
Conditions 2005.

Final claims and subsequent payment claims

47 It was probably the defendant’s view when it issued Payment Claim 16B that,
as long as it had yet to issue a final payment claim, it may still issue
progress payment claims even during the preparation of the Final Account. That
a contractor may do so before issuing its final payment claim under cl
31(11)(c) of the SIA Conditions 2011 has been recognised in the _Guidance
Notes_ at pp 20–21:

It is important to note that the Contract Conditions do not in any way prevent
the Contractor from serving a payment claim for works carried out (including
variations ordered) as an interim payment claim at any time before he submits
his final payment claim under Clause 31.11(c) and to refer such payment claim
for adjudication under the SOP Act to secure payment.

As such, the final payment procedure under Clause 31.11, does not affect the
Contractor’s right to seek immediate payment under the SOP Act for all works
carried out including variations by the submission of an interim payment claim
to the Employer. The Contractor need not wait until the time for the
submission of his final payment claim in order to claim payment for variations
ordered either in the course of the Works or after the completion of the
Works.

48 Although this passage in the _Guidance Notes_ states that payment claims
may be made any time prior to the final payment claim, it is conspicuously
silent as to whether further payment claims may be made after the final
payment claim. In my opinion, this silence should be regarded as an implied
acknowledgment that no further payment claims should be filed after the final
payment claim. A final payment claim, or final claim, as the word “final”
suggests, should be the last payment claim issued by the contractor. Further,
while an architect may revise previously issued interim certificates by
issuing a further certificate pursuant to cl 31(6) of both the SIA Conditions
2005 and the SIA Conditions 2011, cl 37(3)(_i_) states unequivocally that this
power expires after the architect issues the final certificate. This is
further evidence of the “final” nature of a “final” claim, “final” payment
claim and a “final” certificate.

49 In my view, it would not be within the contemplation of the drafters of the
SIA Conditions 2005 and the SIA Conditions 2011 for further payment claims
made after the final claim or final payment claim to be resolved in ways other
than the architect certification mechanism provided. To my mind, they probably
did not expect any further payment claims to be made after the final payment
claim as the final payment process is intended to resolve all matters
concerning all the work done by the contractor.

50 In this regard, s 10(2) of the SOPA states as follows:

**10.** —(2) A payment claim shall be served —

(_a_) at such time as specified in or determined in accordance with the terms
of the contract; or

(_b_) where the contract does not contain such provision, at such time as may
be prescribed.

As seen from the wording of s 10(2), the timing for the serving of a payment
claim is framed in a mandatory manner such that it “shall be served” at
specified times. In this regard, s 10(2)(_a_) requires one to first look at
the terms of the contract.

51 While it is clear that provisions in the building contract as to when a
payment claim is to be served must be observed strictly pursuant to s
10(2)(_a_), it is not clear what the effect of any provision indicating when
payment claims may not be served is. I am inclined towards the view that the
latter provisions should be given the same mandatory effect pursuant to s
10(2)(_a_). A stipulation for payment claims to be filed at certain timings
necessarily implies that payment claims are not to be filed outside those
timings. In this regard, there is no real difference between provisions that
stipulate when payment claims are to be served and those that stipulate when
they may not be and there is no reason for s 10(2)(_a_) of the SOPA to
discriminate between the two. In my judgment, it is, at the very least,
arguable, that a payment claim issued at any time after the issuance of the
final claim or final payment claim and thus not in accordance with the SIA
Conditions 2005 or the SIA Conditions 2011 respectively, is invalid as it
fails to comply with s 10(2)(_a_) of the SOPA. To this extent, the plaintiff’s
argument that Payment Claim 17 is invalid in the light of the fact that it was
issued after Payment Claim 16B (which should probably be regarded as the final
claim under cl 31(11) of the SIA Conditions 2005) appears to have some
semblance of merit.

52 Nonetheless, as I have already decided to dismiss the plaintiff’s
application on preliminary grounds, there is no need for me to reach a
conclusive determination as to this issue. I would like to emphasise that
these observations made above concerning Payment Claim 17 and the issues
associated with it (at [36]–[51]) are _obiter dicta_.

Conclusion

53 For the reasons given above (at [22]–[35]), I dismiss the application of
the plaintiff. I also award costs to the defendant to be taxed if not agreed.

* * *

[note: 1]Affidavit of Tan Hin Wa, Jason dated 30 September 2014, JT-1, pp
1–75.

[note: 2]Affidavit of Tan Hin Wa, Jason dated 30 September 2014, p 2 at
[4]–[5].

[note: 3]Affidavit of Tan Hin Wa, Jason dated 30 September 2014, JT-3, p 77.

[note: 4]Affidavit of Tan Hin Wa, Jason dated 30 September 2014, JT-4, p 78.

[note: 5]Affidavit of Adam Lau Fook Hoong @ Joe Lau dated 2 December 2014,
JL-4, p 104.

[note: 6]Affidavit of Tan Teck Leong dated 31 October 2014, TTL-2B-7, p 70.

[note: 7]Affidavit of Tan Teck Leong dated 31 October 2014, TTL-2B-7, p 72.

[note: 8]Affidavit of Tan Teck Leong dated 31 October 2014, TTL-2B-11, p 116.

[note: 9]Affidavit of Tan Teck Leong dated 31 October 2014, TTL-2B-11, p 118.

[note: 10]Affidavit of Tan Hin Wa, Jason dated 30 September 2014, JT-5, pp
124–125.

[note: 11]Affidavit of Tan Hin Wa, Jason dated 30 September 2014, JT-5, p 124.

[note: 12]Affidavit of Tan Hin Wa, Jason dated 30 September 2014, JT-7, p 130.

[note: 13]Affidavit of Tan Hin Wa, Jason dated 30 September 2014, JT-7, p 131.

[note: 14]Affidavit of Tan Teck Leong dated 31 October 2014, TTL-2B-22, p 394.

[note: 15]Affidavit of Tan Hin Wa, Jason dated 30 September 2014, JT-10, p
137.

[note: 16]Affidavit of Tan Teck Leong dated 31 October 2014, TTL-2B-21, pp
375–379.

[note: 17]Affidavit of Tan Hin Wa, Jason dated 30 September 2014, p 8 at
[21]–[23].

[note: 18]Affidavit of Tan Hin Wa, Jason dated 30 September 2014, JT-12, pp
146–151.

[note: 19]Affidavit of Tan Teck Leong dated 31 October 2014, TTL-2B-21, pp
353–354 at [40]–[41].

[note: 20]Originating Summons No 915 of 2014 at [2].

[note: 21]Originating Summons No 915 of 2014 at [3].

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 25 May 2015 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

