Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Huationg (Asia) Pte Ltd _v_ Lonpac Insurance Bhd  
[2015] SGHC 326

Case Number| :| District Court Appeal No 8 of 2015  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 23 December 2015  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  George Wei J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Teo Weng Kie and Loh Ling Wei (Tan Kok Quan Partnership)
for the appellant; Raymond Wong and John Lo Ying Xi (Wong Thomas & Leong) for
the respondent.  
Parties| :|  HUATIONG (ASIA) PTE LTD — LONPAC INSURANCE BHD  
  
23 December 2015| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
George Wei J:

1 This is an appeal against the decision of the learned District Judge (“the
DJ”) to allow an insurer’s claim against an employer for the reimbursement of
a sum of $140,000 which the insurer had paid in respect of a Work Injury
Compensation Insurance Policy.

Background

Parties

2 Lonpac Insurance Bhd (“the Respondent”) is a Malaysia-incorporated company
and carries on, in Singapore, the business of insurance as authorised by the
Monetary Authority of Singapore in accordance with the Insurance Act (Cap 142,
2002 Rev Ed).

3 Huationg (Asia) Pte Ltd (“the Appellant”) is a Singapore-incorporated
company and carries on the business of, _inter alia_ , supplying cranes and
operators of such cranes for use in the construction industry.

4 From 22 August 2010 to 21 August 2011, the Appellant maintained a Work
Injury Compensation Insurance policy with the Respondent (“the Policy”) in
accordance with s 23 of the Work Injury Compensation Act (Cap 354, 2009 Rev
Ed) (“the Act”). For ease of narration, I will refer to the regime established
by the Act, including the relevant subsidiary legislation, as the “WICA
Regime”. Under the Policy, the Respondent agreed to indemnify the Appellant
against all liabilities that the Appellant might incur under the Act in
respect of any injury suffered by, _inter alia_ , the Appellant’s employees as
a result of any accident arising out of and in the course of his employment.

5 Under s 23(1) of the Act, the employer is obligated to insure and maintain
insurance under an approved policy with an insurer against all liabilities
which he may incur under the Act in respect of any employee employed by him.
An “approved policy” is defined in s 23(4) as a policy of insurance not
subject to any conditions, exclusions or exceptions prohibited by regulations
made under the Act. I note in passing that the reference to “exclusions” was
added in 2012. I also note that an employer who fails to maintain an approved
policy is guilty of an offence under s 35(1)(_b_).

Circumstances leading up to the Suit

6 The following facts are undisputed. The Appellant was the employer of Tan
Thian Kok (“the Deceased Employee”) who had been deployed as a crane and hoist
operator at a work site at Halifax Road.

7 On 26 June 2011, the Deceased Employee’s deployment began at 8pm and was
scheduled to end at 8am the following day. During the deployment, the Deceased
Employee sought and was granted permission to leave the worksite on his
motorcycle to purchase food. There was no canteen or food available at the
work site. While travelling on his motorcycle, the Deceased Employee met with
a fatal road traffic accident in the early hours of 27 June 2011 (“the
Accident”).

8 On or about 31 October 2011, the Commissioner of Labour (“the
Commissioner”), in the exercise of his power under s 24 of the Act, assessed
the amount of compensation payable to the dependants or the estate of the
Deceased Employee to be $140,000 (“the Assessed Compensation”). Thereafter, a
Notice of Assessment of Compensation (“the Notice of Assessment”) was served
on both the Appellant and Respondent.

9 On 11 November 2011, the Respondent lodged an objection to the Notice of
Assessment. Consequently, the Commissioner directed parties to attend pre-
hearing conferences which were conducted by an Assistant Commissioner.

10 During the pre-hearing conferences, the Respondent, through its
representatives, averred that it was not liable to pay the Assessed
Compensation by virtue of an exception (“the Motorcycling Exception”) found
under the “Travelling To & From Work Extension (Within Singapore Only)”
extension clause (“the Travelling Extension”) within the Policy Schedule. The
Travelling Extension reads as follows:

_TRAVELING TO & FROM WORK EXTENSION (WITHIN SINGAPORE ONLY)_

IT IS HEREBY DECLARED AND AGREED THAT THIS INSURANCE SHALL ONLY APPLY TO AN
EVENT HAPPENING TO A WORKMAN ARISING OUT OF AND IN THE COURSE OF EMPLOYMENT BY
THE [APPELLANT].

THE FOLLOWING EVENTS SHALL ALSO BE DEEMED TO BE ARISING OUT OF AND IN THE
COURSE OF HIS EMPLOYMENT WHEN OCCURRING WHILST THE WORKMAN ON ANY WORKING DAY
:–

(1) IS TRAVELLING DIRECTLY BETWEEN HIS PLACE OF RESIDENCE AND PLACE OF
EMPLOYMENT AND ANY OTHER PLACE FOR THE PURPOSE OF HIS EMPLOYMENT AND VICE
VERSA

(2) IS HAVING A MEAL BREAK

PROVIDED THAT :–

A) ANY SUCH EVENT GIVING RISE TO A CLAIM UNDER THIS POLICY IS NOT INCURRED
DURING OR AFTER ANY SUBSTANTIAL INTERRUPTION OR DEVIATION FROM THE JOURNEY
MADE FOR A REASON UNCONNECTED WITH HIS EMPLOYMENT WHICH WOULD ORDINARILY HAVE
MATERIALLY ADDED TO THE RISK OF INJURY

B) THE INSURED BENEFITS SHALL BE ASSESSED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE ACT BUT
ALWAYS LIMITED TO S$10,000.00 PER WORKMAN IN RESPECT OF DEATH, PERMANENT
INCAPACITY AND MEDICAL EXPENSES (EXCLUDE INDEMNITY FOR WAGES).

**_NOTWITHSTANDING THE ABOVE, THE [RESPONDENT] WILL NOT INDEMNIFY THE WORKMEN
INSURED UNDER THE POLICY FOR ANY INJURY ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH
MOTORCYCLING OR PILLION RIDING OR ANY FORMS OF TWO WHEELER TRANSPORT._**

SUBJECT OTHERWISE TO THE TERMS, CONDITIONS AND EXCEPTIONS OF THE POLICY.

[emphasis added in bold italics]

The Respondent took the view that the Motorcycling Exception (highlighted in
bold italics above) excluded its liability under the Policy from any injury
arising out of or in connection with motorcycling. On that basis, the
Respondent contended that it was not liable to pay the Assessed Compensation
since the Deceased Employee had been travelling on his motorcycle when he met
with the Accident.

11 On 19 March 2012, at the third pre-hearing conference, the Assistant
Commissioner indicated that the Respondent was compellable under the Act to
pay the Assessed Compensation to the dependants of the Deceased Employee. In
those circumstances, and in order to save costs, the Respondent consented at
the third pre-hearing conference to pay the Assessed Compensation.

12 A Certificate of Order was made on 21 March 2012 on the following terms:

By consent, without admission of any liability, and without prejudice to any
recourse which [the Respondent] may have against [the Appellant] in civil
proceedings, [the Respondent] to pay … the [Assessed Compensation]…

13 On 9 April 2012, the Respondent paid to the Commissioner the Assessed
Compensation in accordance with the said Certificate of Order. It is not
disputed that the Respondent’s payment sufficiently discharged the Appellant’s
liability to pay the Assessed Compensation to the dependants of the Deceased
Employee.

The Suit

14 On 3 August 2012, the Respondent brought an action against the Appellant
for reimbursement for the sum of $140,000 which they had paid as the Assessed
Compensation (“the Suit”). The Respondent’s case was that it was not
contractually obliged to pay the compensation but did so by virtue of
legislation. Therefore, the Respondent claimed to be entitled to a
reimbursement by the Appellant under the Policy.

15 The Appellant resisted the claim on the basis that the Motorcycling
Exception was only applicable to cases that fell within the Travelling
Extension and was not of general application to all cases that would be
covered by the Policy independent of the Travelling Extension. Since it was
conceded that the Accident clearly “arose out of and in the course of
employment”, it fell outside of the Travelling Extension and the Motorcycling
Exception was consequently inapplicable. Further and in the alternative, the
Appellant claimed that the Motorcycling Exception was prohibited by law, _viz_
, reg 2(1) of the regulations made under the Act (“the WICA Regulations”). For
these reasons, the Appellant contended that the Respondent had no right of
recovery against the Appellant.

16 As mentioned earlier, the DJ rendered his judgment in favour of the
Respondent in the sum of $140,000. The DJ’s key findings are summarised below:

(a) The Motorcycling Exception was not prohibited by reg 2(1) of the WICA
Regulations.

(b) The Motorcycling Exception applied to incidents that were covered by the
entire Policy, not only those that were covered by the Travelling Extension.

(c) The Respondent had paid the Assessed Compensation as it was legally
compellable to do so and in doing so, the Respondent had discharged the
Appellant’s liability under the Act.

(d) The Respondent was entitled to recover the sum it had paid as the Assessed
Compensation as it is a contractual term that the Appellant shall repay to the
Respondent all sums paid by the Respondent which the Respondent would not have
been liable to pay but for the legislation (“the Avoidance and Recovery
Clause”).

17 Where necessary, I will discuss the DJ’s findings in greater detail.

Issues arising in this appeal

18 The appeal turns largely on a construction of two clauses, namely: (1) the
Motorcycling Exception that is found within the Travelling Extension; and (2)
the Avoidance and Recovery Clause. The Appellant’s arguments on appeal may be
broadly characterised as follows:

(a) First, the DJ erred in construing the Motorcycling Exception as being of
general application to all cases that would be covered by the Policy.

(b) Second, the Respondent was not entitled to rely on the Avoidance and
Recovery Clause in the Policy.

19 The crux of the matter is whether the DJ was correct in determining that
the Respondent was entitled, under the Policy and in these circumstances, to
recover what it had paid out to the estate of the Deceased Employee. With this
in mind, I turn now to the legal issues engaged by this appeal.

Analysis and decision

The legal and regulatory backdrop

20 The employer’s liability for compensation under the Act is set out in s 3
of the same. The relevant portions of s 3 read as follows:

**Employer’s liability for compensation**

3.—(1) If in any employment personal injury by accident **_arising out of and
in the course of the employment_** is caused to an employee, his employer
shall be liable to pay compensation in accordance with the provisions of this
Act.

(2) An accident happening to an employee while he is, with the express or
implied permission of his employer, travelling as a passenger by any means of
transport to or from his place of work **_shall be deemed_** to arise out of
and in the course of his employment if at the time of the accident the means
of transport is being operated by or on behalf of his employer or by some
other person by whom it is operated in pursuance of arrangements made with his
employer and is not being operated in the ordinary course of a public
transport service. …

[emphasis added in bold italics]

21 In brief, an employer is liable to compensate his employee for accidents
“arising out of and in the course of the employment”: s 3(1) of the Act.
Journeys undertaken by an employee to and from work are deemed to arise out of
and in the course of employment only where the transport was operated or
arranged by the employer: s 3(2) of the Act. At this juncture, it is apposite
to note that the transport in question (_ie_ , the motorcycle that was
operated by the Deceased Employee) was not operated or arranged by the
Respondent. This brings the Accident outside the scope of s 3(2) of the Act.
That said s 3(2) is merely a deeming provision. This is discussed further
below at [34].

22 Prior to 2011, in Singapore, there was no judicial definition of the words
“arising out of and in the course of employment” under the Act. There were,
however, English cases that had interpreted a similar or equivalent
expression.

23 The first local exposition of the meaning of the above phrase was only
decided after the issuance of the Policy. In _Allianz Insurance Co (Singapore)
Pte Ltd v Ma Shoudong_ [2011] 3 SLR 1167 (“ _Ma Shoudong_ ”), Lai Siu Chiu J
(as she then was) found that the phrase contained two operative concepts,
_viz_ : arising in the course of employment; and (b) arising out of
employment. An accident has to satisfy both requirements before it qualifies
for compensation under s 3(1) of the Act. After reviewing a number of English
authorities, Lai J found:

15 _On the authorities, it is clear that an accident arising out of the
employment requires a causal connection between (a) the employment (and its
incidents) and (b) the accident._ A direct or physical causation is not
necessary: _Smith v The Australian Woollen Mills Limited_ (1933) 50 CLR 504 at
517–518 per Starke J. But the causative standard is higher than the “but for”
test. The accident must have arisen because of some intrinsic risk in the
nature of the employment. As Lord Sumner put it in _Lancashire and Yorkshire
Railway v Highley_ [1917] AC 352 (at 372):

Was it part of the injured person’s employment to hazard, to suffer, or to do
that which caused his injury?

16 _In contrast, an accident arises in the course of the employment if it
bears a temporal relationship with the employment._ A simple test would be
whether the accident occurs, as a matter of common sense, while the employee
is at work. An elaboration of this test was provided by Lord Wright in _Weaver
v Tredegar Iron and Coal Company, Limited_ [1940] AC 955 (at 973):

It has long been held that the course of the employment is not determined by
the time at which a man is actually occupied on his work. There may be
intermissions during the working hours when he is not actually working as, for
instance, **_times for meals or refreshments_** , or absences for personal
necessities. And the course of the employment may begin or end some little
time before or after he has downed tools or ceased actual work.

[emphasis added in italics and bold italics]

24 I pause briefly to note that it appears to be well-settled in English law
that in the absence of special circumstances, meal breaks are generally
considered to be arising out of and in the course of employment. Indeed, the
Appellant accepts that this is the position at common law.[note: 1] The
significance of this observation will become clearer later in this judgment.

25 In _Armstrong, Whitworth & Co v Redford_ [1920] 1 AC 757, a machinist left
the works where she was employed during the dinner hour, as the rules
required, and went to a canteen provided by the employers in another part of
the premises. The workers were invited, but not obliged, to use the canteen.
After finishing her dinner, the girl was hurrying down a flight of stairs in
order to return to her work when she slipped and broke her ankle. She claimed
compensation under the Workmen’s Compensation Act 1906. The dispute centred on
the issue of whether the injury arose in the course of as well as out of the
employment. By a majority of 3:2, the House of Lords held in the affirmative.
Lord Parmoor (part of the majority) said (at 778):

“'In the course of employment' does not mean during the currency of the
engagement, but means in the course of the work which the workman is employed
to do and what is incident to it." I think that a mid-day meal may be
incidental to an employment such as that of the respondent, which commenced at
six in the morning, and that _the taking of such a meal did not as a matter of
law in itself, and apart from special circumstances, create an interruption in
the course of her employment._ There are no special circumstances in the
present case such as for instance arise when an employee is away from his work
not in the course of employment, but for his own pleasure or business.

26 In _Weaver v Tredegar Iron and Coal Company, Limited_ [1940] AC 955 (“
_Weaver_ ”), a case that was referred to in _Ma Shoudong_ , the House of Lords
held that breaks for meals or refreshments are deemed to be “in the course of
employment”. At 973, it was said:

It has long been held that the course of the employment is not determined by
the time at which a man is actually occupied on his work. There may be
intermissions during the working hours when he is not actually working as, for
instance, times for meals or refreshments, or absences for personal
necessities. And the course of the employment may begin or end some little
time before or after he has downed tools or ceased actual work.

27 It was subsequently held in _Harvey v O'Dell (RG), Galway, Third Party_
[1958] 2 QB 78 that an accident during a journey from one work site to another
with a deviation to collect tools and have a meal break had arisen in the
course of employment under the equivalent English Act. It was further held
that the same result would follow if the primary purpose of the journey was to
get a meal since the journey was fairly incidental to the work that the
employees were instructed to do (at 102). It was an all-day job and no
instructions were given that the men should take food with them. Further, the
employees were paid subsistence money and their travelling time was counted as
working time.

28 Keeping in mind the employer’s liability for compensation under s 3(1) of
the Act, s 23 as noted earlier obligates an employer to insure and maintain
insurance against all liabilities which he may incur under the provisions of
the Act in respect of his employees unless the obligation is waived by the
Minister. It was in this regulatory context that the Appellant purchased
insurance coverage from the Respondent. The insuring clause of the Policy
(“the Insuring Clause”) provides:

**NOW THIS POLICY WITNESSETH** that if any employee described in the Schedule
in the Insured’s employment shall sustain personal injury by accident or
disease caused during the Period of Insurance and arising out of and in the
course of his employment by the Insured in the Business, the Company will
subject to the terms exceptions conditions and warranties, and any memorandum
if applicable, contained herein or endorsed hereon (all of which are
hereinafter collectively referred to as the Terms of this Policy) _indemnify
the Insured against all sums for which the Insured shall be liable to pay
compensation either under the Legislation or at Common law_ , and will in
addition pay all costs and expenses incurred by the Insured with the written
consent of the Company.

[emphasis added]

The effect of the Motorcycling Exception

29 It bears recalling that the DJ determined that, notwithstanding the fact
that the Motorcycling Exception was found in the Travelling Extension, it
applied to the entire Policy. For ease of reference, I set out the Travelling
Extension again:

_TRAVELING TO & FROM WORK EXTENSION (WITHIN SINGAPORE ONLY)_

IT IS HEREBY DECLARED AND AGREED THAT THIS INSURANCE SHALL ONLY APPLY TO AN
EVENT HAPPENING TO A WORKMAN ARISING OUT OF AND IN THE COURSE OF EMPLOYMENT BY
THE [APPELLANT].

THE FOLLOWING EVENTS SHALL ALSO BE DEEMED TO BE ARISING OUT OF AND IN THE
COURSE OF HIS EMPLOYMENT WHEN OCCURRING WHILST THE WORKMAN ON ANY WORKING DAY
:–

(1) IS TRAVELLING DIRECTLY BETWEEN HIS PLACE OF RESIDENCE AND PLACE OF
EMPLOYMENT AND ANY OTHER PLACE FOR THE PURPOSE OF HIS EMPLOYMENT AND VICE
VERSA

(2) IS HAVING A MEAL BREAK

PROVIDED THAT :–

A) ANY SUCH EVENT GIVING RISE TO A CLAIM UNDER THIS POLICY IS NOT INCURRED
DURING OR AFTER ANY SUBSTANTIAL INTERRUPTION OR DEVIATION FROM THE JOURNEY
MADE FOR A REASON UNCONNECTED WITH HIS EMPLOYMENT WHICH WOULD ORDINARILY HAVE
MATERIALLY ADDED TO THE RISK OF INJURY

B) THE INSURED BENEFITS SHALL BE ASSESSED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE ACT BUT
ALWAYS LIMITED TO S$10,000.00 PER WORKMAN IN RESPECT OF DEATH, PERMANENT
INCAPACITY AND MEDICAL EXPENSES (EXCLUDE INDEMNITY FOR WAGES).

**_NOTWITHSTANDING THE ABOVE, THE [RESPONDENT] WILL NOT INDEMNIFY THE WORKMEN
INSURED UNDER THE POLICY FOR ANY INJURY ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH
MOTORCYCLING OR PILLION RIDING OR ANY FORMS OF TWO WHEELER TRANSPORT._**

SUBJECT OTHERWISE TO THE TERMS, CONDITIONS AND EXCEPTIONS OF THE POLICY.

[EMPHASIS ADDED IN BOLD ITALICS]

Location of the Motorcycling Exception

30 The Appellant’s first argument was based on the location of the Travelling
Extension. It argued that if the Motorcycling Exception were intended to apply
to the entire Policy, it ought to have been placed within the General
Exclusions section (that is found in another part of the Policy) _or_ inserted
as a standalone endorsement. In its view, the failure to do so meant that the
Motorcycling Exception only applied to the Travelling Extension.

31 This argument is premised on the Appellant’s view that the Travelling
Extension was meant to broaden the insurance coverage to cover accidents which
would otherwise _fall outside_ of the scope of the employer’s liability under
the Act. In other words, the injuries falling within the Travelling Extension
are separate and distinct from those falling within the rest of the Policy.
The Appellant cites the following examples to illustrate its point.

(a) The Travelling Extension covers events occurring whilst the workman “is
travelling directly between his place of residence and place of employment and
any other place for the purpose of his employment”. In the Appellant’s view,
this is broader in scope as compared to s 3(2) of the Act which only includes
journeys undertaken by an employee to and from work where the transport was
operated or arranged by the employer.

(b) The Travelling Extension also covers meal breaks. In the Appellant’s view,
this part of the Travelling Extension was intended to cover the meal breaks
that fall outside of the scope of the common law definition of “in the course
of employment”. This argument flows from Lord Parmoor’s observation (mentioned
at [25] above) that there may be “special circumstances” that take a meal
break outside of the course of employment.

32 The Respondent disagrees with the Appellant’s view that the Travelling
Extension may be separated from the rest of the Policy. It argues instead that
there is only one single contract of insurance that is ultimately subject to
the terms contained therein. In its view, the Travelling Extension was not
intended to broaden the insurance coverage; it was meant to clarify, _inter
alia_ , that meal breaks were considered to be arising out of and in the
course of employment. This clarification was necessary since, according to the
Respondent, there was uncertainty in the law as to the definition of “arising
out of and in the course of employment” at the material time. It bears
recalling that as at the date on which the Policy was issued, the phrase
“arising out of and in the course of employment” had not been judicially
defined in Singapore.

33 I agree with the Respondent’s argument that there is one single contract
that cannot be divided into a “main policy” and an “extension”. The Travelling
Extension should not be construed as an “extension” in its literal sense.
Rather, in my view, the Travelling Extension serves to define, with greater
precision, the scope of indemnity provided by the Policy. My view is fortified
by the structure and the plain words of the Travelling Extension.

(a) The first paragraph repeats the scope of the employer’s liability under
the Act: “this insurance shall only apply to an event happening to a workman
arising out of and in the course of employment by the [Appellant]”.

(b) The second paragraph begins with the statement that “[t]he following
events shall also be _deemed_ to be arising out of and in the course of his
employment when occurring whilst …” It then goes on to deem _meal breaks_ and
_journeys to and from work_ as events arising out of and in the course of
employment.

34 I note that the language and the structure of the Travelling Extension
mirror that of s 3 of the Act. It will be recalled that s 3(1) provides that
the employer’s liability to compensate is engaged when the event arises out of
and in the course of employment. Section 3(2) further provides that journeys
to and from work on transport provided or operated by the employer are
_deemed_ to be arising out of and in the course of employment. Taken to its
logical conclusion, the Appellant’s contention would mean that s 3(2)
effectively extends the scope of events that fall within s 3(1), and should be
regarded as an extension that is separate from s 3(1). Surely that cannot be
right. Section 3(2) sets out a deeming provision. It is not exhaustive of what
constitutes an event arising out of and in the course of employment. In the
absence of such a deeming provision, it does not necessarily mean that
journeys to and from work other than on transport provided or operated by the
employer can never be regarded as an event arising out of and in the course of
employment. In such a case, it will be necessary to show that the travelling
event did arise out of and in the course of employment. Take for example an
employed worker who, during his working hours, is required to leave the work
site to pick up a spare part from a warehouse and uses his motorcycle as
transport for that purpose. An accident occurs whilst he is travelling back
from the off-site warehouse. It is hard to see why such an event, in the
circumstances as proved, does not amount to an accident arising in the course
of and out of the employment even in the absence of a deeming provision.

35 In my judgment, the purpose of the Travelling Extension is to expressly
clarify that the Policy covers journeys to and from work as well as meal
breaks, not to extend the scope of indemnity beyond what is required under the
Act or common law. I would add that the Appellant’s argument fails for a
further reason. The Insuring Clause states that “the [Respondent] will subject
to the terms exceptions conditions and warranties, and any memorandum if
applicable, … _indemnify the [Appellant] against all sums for which the
[Appellant] shall be liable to pay compensation either under the Legislation
or at common law_ ”. Should the event/injury fall outside the scope of the
employer’s liability under the Act or common law, the employer would have no
liability to speak of. It would thus be pointless to broaden the insurance
coverage to encompass incidents that do not fall within the scope of the
employer’s liability to compensate under the Act or common law.

36 I turn now to consider the Motorcycling Exception which is set out in the
penultimate paragraph of the Travelling Extension. It states:
“[n]otwithstanding the above, the [Respondent] will not indemnify the workmen
insured under _the Policy_ for any injury arising out of or in connection with
motorcycling or pillion riding or any forms of two wheeler transport”
[emphasis added]. On a plain reading, the Motorcycling Exception suggests that
it is meant to circumscribe the scope of indemnity provided by the Policy,
that is, events arising out of or in the course of employment as clarified and
defined by the preceding paragraphs. The language of the Motorcycling
Exception does not limit its application to events that are named in the
Travelling Extension, _viz_ , meal breaks or journeys to and from work.

37 In essence, I am of the view that the Appellant’s interpretation of the
Travelling Extension and the Motorcycling Exception contained therein is not
borne out by the plain meaning of the same.

38 At this juncture, it is convenient to address the Appellant’s argument on
the _contra proferentum_ rule of construction. In brief, the Appellant argues
that if the court finds that there is ambiguity as to whether the Motorcycling
Exception applies to the entire Policy or only the Travelling Extension, the
_contra proferentum_ rule of construction applies in its favour since the
Respondent is the creator of the document. This argument fails as there is no
such ambiguity. I have earlier determined that the Respondent’s view (that the
Motorcycling Exception applies generally to all events covered by the Policy)
is borne out by the plain words of the Travelling Extension. Indeed, I am
mindful that one must not use the rule to create the ambiguity – one must find
the ambiguity first: _Cole v Accident Insurance Co_ (1889) 5 TLR 736 at 737.

Regulatory context

39 The Appellant also argues that its interpretation of the Motorcycling
Exception comports with the parties’ intention as well as the regulatory
context in which the Policy was drafted.

40 As mentioned earlier, by virtue of s 3(2) of the Act, accidents whilst
travelling to and from work on transport provided or operated by employers are
deemed to be arising out of and in the course of employment. Employers are
therefore liable to compensate employees for such accidents. It has also been
mentioned earlier that employers are statutorily obligated to insure against
all liabilities which he may incur under the Act. If the Motorcycling
Exception applies to all events occurring under the Policy, an accident that
occurs whilst the employee is travelling on a motorcycle would not be covered
by the Policy even if that particular form of transport was provided or
operated by the employer. Therefore, the insurance coverage would fall below
what is necessary to insure against _all_ liabilities that the employer would
incur under the Act.

41 The Appellant appears to suggest that the parties had entered into the
contract with the intention to purchase/provide an insurance policy that
discharged the Appellant’s statutory obligation to insure against all
liabilities that it may incur under the Act. To support that contention, the
Appellant points to its Group General Manager’s evidence in the court below
that the Appellant had purchased the Policy with the intention that the
Travelling Extension expands insurance coverage beyond what is required under
the Act, and not expand its risk to liability.[note: 2] The Appellant contends
that the Respondent, on the other hand, had failed to discharge their burden
of proving their intention and understanding of the relevant contractual
provisions.

42 For these reasons, the Appellant argues that the Motorcycling Exception
should not be applied to the entire policy since this interpretation would
defeat the parties’ intention as it would effectively mean that insurance
coverage would fall below what is required by the Act.

43 In my view, the Appellant’s argument fails for the simple reason that the
contract is to be construed objectively, not by reference to the subjective
intentions of the parties. An objective interpretation of the terms “is quite
different from listening to the parties’ version of what they each meant”:
_Quainoo v NZ Breweries Ltd_ [1991] 1 NZLR 161 at 165, line 18. The
distinction is further explained in the following passage from _Chitty on
Contracts_ vol 1 (Hugh Beale gen ed) (Sweet & Maxwell, 31st Ed, 2012) at para
12-043:

**“Intention of the parties”.** The task of construing a written agreement has
often been said to be that of ascertaining the “common intention of the
parties” to the agreement. But this may to some extent be misleading since it
is clear that the agreement must be interpreted objectively: the question is
not what one or other of the parties meant or understood by the words used but
rather what a reasonable person in the position of the parties would have
understood the words to mean. In _Investors Compensation Scheme Ltd v West
Bromwich Building Society_ Lord Hoffmann said:

“Interpretation is the ascertainment of the meaning which the document would
convey to a reasonable person having all the background knowledge which would
reasonably have been available to the parties in the situation in which they
were at the time of the contract.

The cardinal presumption is that the words of the agreement mean what the
parties have in fact said, so that their words must be construed as they
stand. That is to say the meaning of the document or of a particular part of
it is to be sought _in the document itself_ : “[o]ne must consider the meaning
of the words used, not what one may guess to be the intention of the parties”.
However, this is not to say that the meaning of the words in a written
document must be ascertained by reference to the words of the document alone.
The courts will, in principle, look at all the circumstances surrounding the
making of the contract and available to the parties (usually referred to as
the “factual matrix” or “available background”) which would assist in
determining how the language of the document would have been understood by a
reasonable person in their position.

44 In a similar vein, _The Law of Contract in Singapore_ (Andrew Phang Boon
Leong gen ed) (Academy Publishing, 2012) at para 06.042 stresses that the task
of ascertaining the intended meaning of terms and words is not simply a matter
of consulting a dictionary. The purpose of the process of construction is to
identify and give effect to the parties’ intentions, objectively ascertained.
The resultant meaning “may or may not accord with either party’s _subjective_
intention” [emphasis in original].

45 In any case, whilst the Appellant has pointed to the evidence of its Group
General Manager as evincing an intention to purchase insurance that would
indemnify the company against liabilities arising under the Act, there is
absolutely no evidence that the Appellant’s intention was shared by the
Respondent. The Appellant’s position is that the purpose of the Travelling
Extension was to expand the insurance coverage beyond what was required under
the Act. By this, what the Appellant appears to mean is that the cover under
the Travelling Extension for travelling to and from work and meal breaks was
more than what was required under the Act. The Appellant thought that this was
desirable since the insurance coverage was wider than what was provided in the
Act.[note: 3] That being so, the Motorcycling Exception only applied to events
falling within the Travelling Extension as opposed to the main part of the
Policy.

46 For the reasons given earlier, together with my reading of the Travelling
Extension (that was discussed above from [33] to [38]), I do not accept the
argument that the application of the Motorcycling Exception is confined to
events arising under the Travelling Extension.

Public interest and statutory allocation of risks

47 The Appellant submits that it would be contrary to public interest and the
WICA Regime if the Motorcycling Exception is applied to the entire policy as
_the employee_ is deprived of access to an insurance fund. In support of its
submission, the Appellant relies on the following:

(a) reg 2 of the Work Injury Compensation Insurance Regulations (“WICIR”)
which prohibits clauses in an insurance policy that seeks to absolve the
insurer from any liability it may incur under the Act;

(b) the observation in _Kee Yau Chong v S H Interdeco Pte Ltd_ [2014] 1 SLR
189 (“ _Kee Yau Chong_ ”) (at [45]) that the Act is a social legislation which
should be interpreted purposively in favour of employees who have suffered
injury in their employment;

48 The Appellant submits that reg 2 of the WICIR prohibits clauses in an
insurance policy that seeks to absolve the insurer from any liability it may
incur under the Act (“the Exclusion Clauses”).[note: 4] I pause to note
preliminarily that the version of reg 2 on which the Appellant relies is the
product of amendments that were made to the WICA Regime that came into effect
in mid-2012. It bears recalling that the Policy was issued in 2010 and the
Accident happened in 2011. The assessment hearings were held and the Order was
made before the amendments came into force. Accordingly, the operative
provision is the pre-2012 version of reg 2.

49 In any case, the Appellant’s reliance on reg 2 of the WICIR is misplaced.
**_First_** , it is clear that the Motorcycling Exception does not fall within
the definition of a prohibited clause set out in reg 2 as it stood on the date
the Policy was issued. The earlier version of reg 2 reads as follows:

**Prohibition of certain conditions and exceptions in policies of insurance**

2.—(1) Any condition or exception in a policy of insurance issued or renewed
for the purpose of section 23 of the Act which provides, in whatever terms,
that no liability shall arise under the policy, or that any liability so
arising shall cease —

(a) in the event of some specified thing being done or omitted to be done
after the happening of the event giving rise to a claim under the policy;

(b) unless the policy holder takes reasonable care to protect his employees
against the risk of bodily injury or disease in the course of their
employment;

(c) unless the policy holder complies with the requirements of any written law
for the protection of his employees against the risk of bodily injury or
disease in the course of their employment; and

(d) unless the policy holder keeps specified records or provides the insurer
with or makes available to him information therefrom,

is hereby prohibited.

(2) Nothing in paragraph (1) shall be taken as prejudicing any provision in a
policy of insurance requiring the policy holder to pay to the insurer any sums
which the insurer may have become liable to pay under the policy and which
have been applied to the satisfaction of claims for compensation under the Act
or any costs and expenses incurred in relation to such claims.

50 **_Second_** , even if the Motorcycling Exception falls within the
definition of a “prohibited condition or exception” in reg 2 (as it then
existed and which to be clear, it does not), the clause remains valid and
enforceable _vis-à-vis_ the employer. Section 23(5) of the Act (as it then
existed) provided that “any conditions or exceptions imposed in a policy of
insurance by any insurer which are prohibited by regulations made under this
Act shall not absolve the insurer’s liability under the policy.”

51 Section 23(5) as it then existed appears to have the effect that the
insurance policy remains valid even if there is an exception which is
prohibited by the Act. The insurer’s liability under the policy remains. The
policy is not void as such. The question that arises is whether the insurer
can claim that he has escaped liability under the Act to pay assessed
compensation where the event giving rise to the accident is an excepted event
on the basis that the policy was not an approved policy which covered that
particular liability.

52 One view is that s 23(5) and reg 2(2) were intended to draw a distinction
between (a) the relationship (and rights) of the injured employee against the
employer (and the insurer); and (b) the relationship and rights as between the
employer and the insurer under the contract of insurance. Even if the insurer
remained liable under the Act to the injured employee, the insurer is not left
without recourse as he is permitted to subsequently enforce the prohibited
condition or exception against the employer. Viewed broadly, the provisions
were intended to shift to the insurer the risk of employers’ insolvency or
lack of financial ability to pay.

53 This intention may be gleaned from the following extract taken from
_Singapore Parliamentary Debates, Official Report_ (21 November 2011) vol 88
at p 597 (BG [NS] Tan Chuan-Jin):

While section 23 currently requires employers to have insurance against all
liabilities that they may have under the Act, MOM has encountered cases where
the WIC insurance policy does not cover critical aspects of the scope of work
carried out by the insured company. For example, an insurance policy for a
spray-painting company excluding coverage for flammable substances, or an
insurance policy for a construction firm excluding coverage for works
exceeding one storey in height. Well, this could be due to several reasons:
insurers may not have had the opportunity to explain the exclusion clauses
fully or employers may have conveniently relied on their agents to secure the
lowest quote without fully understanding the coverage.

When a worker gets injured, the insurer will disclaim liability and the
employer will have to compensate the injured worker from his own pocket. If
employers lack the financial ability to pay compensation, their injured
workers may not receive compensation for their injuries. MOM sees about 200
cases a year where insurers dispute liability on the grounds that the work
activity that caused the injury was excluded from the insurance policy.

_With the amendments to section 23 and the WIC Insurance Regulations, insurers
will be liable to compensate injured workers even if such exclusion clauses
exist in the policy._ **_Nonetheless, insurers will continue to have the
flexibility to recover from the employer any such compensation paid out, if
such recovery is allowed for in the insurance policy._**

[emphasis added in bold italics and italics]

54 The above comment was made in the context of the 2012 amendments to the
WICA Regime. The essence of the 2012 amendments was to expand the scope of
prohibited conditions and exceptions such that the insurer will be liable to
compensate workers notwithstanding the existence of exclusion clauses in the
policy. The amended reg 2 did not set out a blanket prohibition on clauses
which sought to exclude liability under the Policy. What it did, _inter alia_
, was to set out an extended list of prohibited conditions and exceptions. For
example, one important addition to the list of prohibited conditions and
exceptions in reg 2(1) was the category of exclusion clauses that pertains to
the nature of the work or activity:

(_e_) the event of any employee of the policy holder being engaged in a
certain kind or description of work or activity, or being engaged in work or
activity under certain conditions relating to the nature, scope, environment,
processes or procedures of the work or activity, at the time of the happening
of the event giving rise to a claim under the policy

55 One example given in the parliamentary debates to illustrate the problem
was an insurance policy for a construction firm that excluded cover for works
exceeding one storey in height. The insurer could try to disclaim liability.
Under s 32(1) (as it then existed), where “an employer has incurred any
liability to pay compensation or interest under this Act in respect of any
accident occurring while there was in force an approved policy of insurance
_covering that liability_ , proceedings to enforce a claim in respect of that
liability … may be brought against the insurer as if he were the employer”
[emphasis added]. The argument presumably was that the approved policy did not
cover that liability. The perceived problem was that when an employee was
injured and the insurance company disclaims liability, the employer would have
to compensate the injured worker from its own pocket. In the event that it
lacked the financial ability to do so, the employee would be left without
recourse. This appears to have been the impetus for the changes to s 23 of the
Act and the relevant provisions under the WICIR.

56 It is noted that s 23(5) was also amended in 2012 to provide that: “[a]ny
conditions, exclusions or exceptions imposed in a policy of insurance by any
insurer which are prohibited by regulations made under this Act shall not
absolve the insurer from any liability under the policy _which the insurer may
incur under the provisions of this Act_ ” [emphasis added]. It was thus made
clear that an insurer remained liable to pay the assessed compensation even
where the exclusion clause amounted to a prohibited condition or exception.

57 For the sake of clarity, I add that the question as to whether the
Motorcycling Exception is caught by the amended reg 2 is not before me. That
said, whilst the position of an insurer under the pre-2012 amendments is
perhaps less clear, it bears repeating that the DJ held below that the
Motorcycling Exception was not prohibited under reg 2(1) as it then existed. I
agree. It follows that the insurance policy did not cease to be an approved
policy because of the Motorcycling Exception. As will be seen, the DJ held
that the insurer was compellable under the Act to pay the assessed
compensation presumably in reference to s 32(1). This is a point to which I
shall return later at [75]–[83].

58 I pause here to mention in passing the decision of VK Rajah JC (as he then
was) in _Mayban General Assurance Berhad v Sumathira & Anor_ OM 10 of 2004 (“
_Sumathira_ ”) (an unreported decision prior to the 2012 amendments) as it was
placed before me and argued in the submissions by the Respondent. In the brief
reasons for the decision appended to the Notes of Argument, the learned judge
states: “For the purpose of s 32 of the WCA, an insurance policy “was in
force” if the insurer and insured act on that basis at the material time. A
purported repudiation of the policy subsequent to an accident by either
insurer or insured will not have the effect of exonerating the insurer from
its obligation to honour the terms of the subject policy; the repudiation even
if effective, is relevant only for the purposes of determining contractual
incidents between the insured and the insurer. The workman stands outside this
dispute.”

59 Whilst I accept that the context in which the above statement was made in
_Sumathira_ is not clear (there are no detailed reasons provided) the point
remains that the law in this area (work related accidents and liability of the
employer and insurer under the Act) is generally cognisant of the distinction
between the relationship between the injured workman and his employer and the
relationship between the insurer and the insured employer. That said, I say no
more about the holding as this is not a case of repudiation.

60 As mentioned earlier, under the WICA Regime, the insurer will be able to
subsequently recover the amount paid from the employer if the insurance policy
in question allows such recovery. Parliament’s intention was to preserve the
terms of the legal bargain struck between the insurer and employer as
reflected in the insurance contract. This is perfectly consistent with the
Respondent’s claim in the case at hand. Indeed, reg 2(2) expressly states that
nothing in reg 2(1) “shall be taken as prejudicing any provision in a policy
of insurance requiring the policy holder to pay to the insurer any sums which
the insurer may have become liable to pay under the policy and which have been
applied to the satisfaction of claims for compensation under the Act or any
costs and expenses incurred in relation to such claims.” This provision was
not affected by the 2012 amendments.

61 Here, the estate or the dependants of the Deceased Employee has received
the compensation pay-out from the Respondent and consequently, they have not
suffered any prejudice. It bears emphasising that the claim before me is one
that is between the insurer and the insured employer, and does not affect the
position of the employee. The fact that as between the insured employer and
insurer disputes have arisen over the scope of the indemnity does not concern
the injured workman.

62 Whilst the Appellant has raised the issue of public interest, I have doubts
about its relevance to the particular dispute that has arisen between the
insured employer and its insurer. The insurance coverage under the Policy is a
bargain that had been struck between the parties and the court’s role is to
ascertain the scope of that bargain. In the absence of statutory prohibitions
or illegality, the court cannot possibly rewrite the entire Policy with the
aim of assisting the Appellant in meeting its interest to maintain adequate
insurance.

63 The Appellant further relies on the case of _Kee Yau Chong_ for the
proposition that the Act is a social legislation which should be interpreted
purposively in favour of employees who have suffered injury in their
employment.

64 Indeed, it is indisputable that the Act is a piece of legislation that
seeks to achieve the social objective of providing low-cost and expeditious
resolution of work-related injury claims: see _Singapore Parliamentary
Debates, Official Report_ (21 November 2011) vol 88 at p 594 (BG [NS] Tan
Chuan-Jin). That said, whilst there are compelling reasons why the Act should
be construed purposively in favour of injured employees, this is not what the
Appellant is urging this court to do in the present case. In contrast, as has
been mentioned several times earlier, this dispute turns on a construction of
the terms in the Policy, not the provisions of the Act. Therefore, the
observation in _Kee Yau Chong_ has no special relevance to the present case.

65 The Appellant also argues that the risks have been statutorily allocated
such that road accidents arising out of and in the course of employment should
fall under the WICA Regime whereas other forms of accidents on the road are
governed by insurance under the Motor Vehicles (Third-Party Risks and
Compensation) Act (Cap 189, 2000 Rev Ed) (“MVTPA”). Section 4(4) of the MVTPA
provides:

(4) A policy of insurance shall not, by virtue of subsection (1)(_b_), be
required to cover —

(a) liability in respect of the death, arising out of and in the course of his
employment, of a person in the employment of a person insured by the policy or
of bodily injury sustained by such a person _arising out of and in the course
of his employment_ ; or

…

[emphasis added]

66 Again, the MVTPA argument does not bring the Appellant’s case any further.
I accept that the risk of injury arising out of and in the course of
employment has been statutorily allocated to fall within the purview of the
WICA Regime. However, as I have explained earlier, this does not mean that the
insurer has to indemnify the employer’s liability for every single injury that
arises under the WICA Regime. The scope of indemnity, ultimately, depends on
the bargain that has been struck between the parties.

67 To briefly sum up the discussion, I find that the Respondent’s exclusion of
liability for accidents arising out of or in connection with motorcycles is
not contrary to the public interest or the WICA Regime. The exclusion of
liability is a contractual incident between the insurer and the employer; the
worker stands outside of such disputes.

Red hand rule

68 The Appellant also contends that the “onerous nature” of the Motorcycling
Exception had not been explained. The Appellant relies on the case of
_Spurling Ltd v Bradshaw_ [1956] 1 WLR 461, best known for Lord Denning’s “red
hand” comment (at 466):

I quite agree that the more unreasonable a clause is, the greater the notice
which must be given of it. Some clauses which I have seen would need to be
printed in red ink on the face of the document with a red hand pointing to it
before the notice could be held to be sufficient.

69 More specifically, in the insurance context, the Appellant draws my
attention to the following observation made by Woo Bih Li J in the case of
_NTUC Co-operative Insurance Commonwealth Enterprise Ltd v Chiang Soong Chee_
[2008] 2 SLR(R) 373:

50 I accept that some members of the public may be unaware that their life
policies with such a benefit have a strict interpretation. On this score,
insurers who rely on the strict interpretation should educate the public of
the limited scope of the disability benefit in their policies so that the
public can take further steps to see if the requisite cover is available. Of
course, such education may well in turn make the existing policies marketed
less attractive to the public but I think insurers must take a proactive and
responsible approach. Besides highlighting what the cover of each policy
extends to, insurers should also highlight the more obvious areas which the
cover does not extend to, although this may be counter-intuitive to them, and
not wait for legislation to compel them to do so. According to Fotheringham’s
article, there is a law reform commission report in Australia that recommends
that insurers be required to provide a certain cover unless the insurer
advises the insured that the contract does not cover that risk.

70 Woo J’s observation was endorsed by the Court of Appeal in _Tay Eng Chuan v
Ace Insurance Ltd_ [2008] 4 SLR(R) 95. There, it was held that just as an
insured is under a legal obligation of full disclosure to the insurer, on an
_uberrima fides_ basis, of all material facts relating to his personal
conditions and circumstances, similarly, the insurer must also inform the
insured of any unusual clause(s) in an insurance policy that may deprive the
insured of his right to make a claim (at [30]).

71 The Respondent, on the other hand, argues that the red hand rule is
inapplicable here. The Respondent refers me to the case of _Press Automation
Technology Pte Ltd v Trans-Link Exhibition Forwarding Pte Ltd_ [2003] 1 SLR(R)
712 (“ _Press Automation_ ”) in which Judith Prakash J, after a thorough
survey of the authorities, held that the principle of drawing the attention of
the contracting party specifically to onerous and unusual conditions is not
applicable where there is a signed contract with an explicit incorporation
clause:

39 Having considered the authorities, I am of the opinion that the fact that
the incorporating clause here was contained in a document that was signed by
Patec, resulted in the conditions being incorporated as part of the contract
between the parties notwithstanding that Patec did not have a copy of them and
had not read them. _I hold that the conditions were incorporated as a whole
and that the line of authorities that decides that onerous and unusual
conditions cannot be incorporated unless the attention of the party sought to
be bound has been specifically drawn to them does not apply to a case like
this where there is a signed contract with an explicit incorporating clause._
As far as the authorities are concerned, as I have shown above, all those that
apply the specific notice requirement for onerous clauses are cases in which
there was no signed contract. The only exception is the _Tilden_ case. I do
not consider the Trident case an exception as the contract that was found to
exist by the court was a contract which was concluded partly orally and partly
in writing and the written part did not contain an express incorporation
clause referring to Danand’s standard term contract. The court there, as was
clear from the judgment of the Court of Appeal, was asked to make a finding of
incorporation by implication which would be supported by evidence on a
previous course of dealing.

40 Whilst _Tilden_ directly supports Patec’s position, I decline to follow it.
In my judgment, it is not in accordance with the common law position in
England and in Singapore. Where a party has signed a contract after having
been given notice, by way of a clear incorporating clause such as the one used
in the present case, of what would be included among the contractual terms,
that party cannot afterwards assert that it is not bound by some of the terms
on the ground that the same are onerous and unusual and had not been drawn
specifically to its attention. _Contracting parties must have a care for their
own legal positions by ascertaining what terms are to be part of a contract
before signing it. If they do not do so, they will be bound by those terms
except to the extent that the UCTA offers them relief._ In _AEG (UK) Ltd v
Logic Resource Limited_ [1996] CLC 265, Hobhouse LJ expressed the opinion that
whilst in the past there may have been a tendency to introduce more strict
criteria in relation to the question of whether particular terms had been
incorporated into a contract by reference:

… this is no longer necessary in view of the Unfair Contract Terms Act. The
reasonableness of clauses is the subject matter of the Unfair Contract Terms
Act and it is under the provisions of that Act that problems of unreasonable
clauses should be addressed and the solution found.

Whilst Hobhouse LJ was in the minority in that case (one which involved
conditions printed at the back of a confirmation of order document), I
respectfully agree and adopt his view which accords with common sense.

[emphasis added]

72 I agree with and adopt Prakash J’s holding in _Press Automation_. There is
no scope for the application of the red hand rule where there is a signed
contract with an explicit incorporating clause. If the contracting parties do
not ascertain their own legal positions before signing a contract, they will
be bound by those terms except to the extent that the Unfair Contract Terms
Act (Cap 396, 1994 Rev Ed) (“UCTA”) offers them relief. Notably, the Appellant
has not argued that the Motorcycling Exception falls afoul of the provisions
of the UCTA.

73 Returning to the case at hand, whilst the Appellant seeks to rely on the
red hand rule, there is no evidence before me showing that it had not signed
the Policy when it was issued. I further note that the Policy contained the
Insuring Clause which made it clear that the scope of indemnity under the
Policy was “subject to the terms exceptions conditions and warranties, and any
memorandum if applicable, contained herein or endorsed here”. That, in my
view, is sufficient notice of the terms of the Policy, including the
Motorcycling Exception.

74 In any event, I am of the view that the Motorcycling Exception is not so
onerous or unreasonable that it requires special attention to be drawn to it.
Insurance contracts do not cover every fathomable risk and an insurer often
manages its exposure by excluding typically high-risk activities from the
scope of indemnity. Motorcycling is generally known to be a high-risk mode of
transport and it is, in my view, unsurprising that an insurer would limit its
exposure by excluding accidents that involve motorcycling activities. The
insurance premium will vary according to the insurance cover and risks
involved and this is, at its heart, a commercial bargain that is struck
between the parties. In these circumstances, I am of the view that there is no
scope for the application of the red hand rule.

The effect of the Avoidance and Recovery Clause

75 The relevant portion of the Avoidance and Recovery Clause in the Policy
reads:

BUT the Insured shall repay to the Company all sums paid by the Company which
the Company **_would not have been liable to pay but for the Legislation_**.

[emphasis added in bold italics]

76 “Legislation” under the Policy is defined to mean “the Work Injury
Compensation Act (Cap. 354), amendments and re-enactment thereof and [any]
legislation made thereunder”.[note: 5]

The parties’ arguments

77 The Appellant submits that the Avoidance and Recovery Clause applies only
where the insurer has paid the Assessed Compensation under compulsion. In this
case, there was no such compulsion since the Respondent had _voluntarily_ paid
after receiving an indication from the Assistant Commissioner that the claim
was payable. The fact that the payment was made pursuant to a settlement
agreement was clearly recorded in the Certificate. Thus, the Respondent cannot
rely on the Avoidance and Recovery clause.

78 Against that, the Respondent asserts that it did not pay the Assessed
Compensation voluntarily. In its view, it had only paid because it was legally
compellable to do so as indicated by the Assistant Commissioner at the third
pre-hearing conference. At the trial in the court below, the Respondent’s
Witness, Lim Ching Ghee, had deposed that the learned Assistant Commissioner
indicated that, despite the Respondent’s objections, she would, if necessary,
compel the Respondent to pay the Assessed Compensation.[note: 6] As noted by
the DJ, this evidence was not challenged during cross-examination.[note: 7]
Further, the Respondent had expressly reserved its rights by inserting the
words “without prejudice to the [Respondent’s] right of recourse against the
[Appellant]” in the Certificate.

79 In any event, the Respondent stresses that the Avoidance and Recovery
Clause, read literally, does not require the Respondent to have paid the
Assessed Compensation under compulsion.

Decision

80 I accept the Appellant’s point that the alleged voluntariness of the
payment is not borne out by what transpired during the pre-hearing conferences
as well as the eventual Certificate of Order that was issued by the
Commissioner. In my judgment, the Respondent’s payment is better characterised
as a payment under protest, clearly expressed to be without admission of
liability or prejudice to its right to seek recourse in civil proceedings
against the Appellant. Thus, I reject the submission that the Respondent is
barred from recovery because it had paid the Assessed Compensation
voluntarily.

81 The clause allows recovery for sums which “the Company would not have been
liable to pay but for the Legislation”. Clearly, the Respondent may only
exercise its contractual right of recovery if it was liable to pay under the
Act. In _Jowitt’s Dictionary of English Law Volume 2: J–Z_ (Daniel Greenberg
gen ed) (Sweet & Maxwell, 3rd Ed, 2010), “liability” has been defined broadly:

… [t]he condition of being answerable in law, or actually or potentially
subject to a civil obligation, either generally, as including every kind of
obligation, or, in a more special sense, to denote inchoate, future,
unascertained or imperfect obligations, as opposed to debts, the essence of
which is that they are unascertained and uncertain. Thus, when a person
becomes surety for another, he makes himself liable, though it is
unascertained in what obligation or debt the liability may ultimately result.
…

82 I note further that the spectrum of possible meanings of the word “liable”
or “liability” is broad. It includes being “ _answerable for_ ” to being “
_legally amenable to_ ” and to “ _arising from a court order_ ”: see
_Attorney-General v Chia Soo Choo_ [1994] 2 SLR(R) 822 (“ _Chia Soo Choo_ ”)
at [15]. In that case, it was held that the words “liable to contribute to the
support of the infant” created a statutory liability to maintain regardless of
whether or not there was in force a court order (at [18]). Given the broad
spectrum of meaning of “liable”, the appropriate meaning in each case should
be determined by reference to the precise words used.

83 In the present case, there is nothing in the words of the Avoidance and
Recovery Clause that restricts the definition of “liable” therein. Thus, in my
judgment, the condition of being “liable” under the Act and its subsidiary
legislation is sufficiently broad to include the condition of being actually
or potentially subject to a statutory obligation. Accordingly, the prospect of
being compelled (by the exercise of a statutory power) to make payment would
amount to liability under the relevant statute. Indeed, I note that the WICA
Regime allows for proceedings to be commenced against an insurer as if he were
the employer (s 32(1) of the Act) and further, confers upon the Commissioner
the power to “make any order for the payment of compensation as he thinks just
at or after the hearing” (s 25D(_b_) of the Act). Here, the Assistant
Commissioner had clearly communicated her view that the Respondent was liable
to make payment and that she was prepared to exercise her statutory power to
compel such payment. Therefore, I find that the Respondent was in this sense
liable under the Act and the Respondent is accordingly entitled, under the
Avoidance and Recovery Clause, to recover the sum it had paid as the Assessed
Compensation.

Conclusion

84 For the reasons set out above, I affirm the DJ’s holding that the
Respondent was entitled to recover $140,000, being the sum it paid as Assessed
Compensation pursuant to legislation and the appeal is accordingly dismissed.

85 The costs order below is to stand and the Appellant shall pay to the
Respondent the costs of this appeal which are to be agreed or taxed.

* * *

[note: 1]Appellant’s case, para 33.

[note: 2]Appellant’s case, para 67.

[note: 3]Appellant’s case, para 67.

[note: 4]See Appellant’s case at [70].

[note: 5]Appellant’s Bundle of Documents, p 21.

[note: 6]Respondent’s case, para 61.

[note: 7]DJ’s Grounds of Decision, para 22.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 23 Dec 2015 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

