Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Foo Jee Boo and another _v_ Foo Jhee Tuang and another (Foo Jee Seng,
intervener)  
[2015] SGHC 176

Case Number| :| Suit No 764 of 2013 (Registrar's Appeals Nos 396 and 397 of
2015, Summons Nos 786 and 787 of 2015)  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 09 July 2015  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  George Wei J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Philip Ling (instructed) (Wong Tan & Molly Lim LLC),
Belinda Ang Poh Choo and Ho Wei Li (Belinda Ang Tang & Partners) for the
plaintiffs; Manoj Prakash Nandwani and Ang Si Yi (Gabriel Law Corporation) for
the first defendant; Christopher Anand s/o Daniel and Aw Sze Min (Advocatus
Law LLP) for the second defendant; Intervener in person.  
Parties| :|  Foo Jee Boo and another — Foo Jhee Tuang and another (Foo Jee
Seng, intervener)  
  
9 July 2015| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
George Wei J:

1 Litigation involves navigating intricate procedural rules. The rules serve a
variety of goals. These include defining and setting out the boundaries of the
dispute in the interest of transparency, fairness and the proper and efficient
administration of justice. Procedural rules do more than just provide the
rules for the contest. In some cases, the procedural rule will interface with
the very basis of the substantive right asserted or relied upon by the
parties. Whilst there is no doubting procedural rules can be complex and may
lead to protracted disputes, it stands to reason that a party’s clear
formulation of his or her case is essential. In making this observation, it is
recognised that where the facts and circumstances are complicated in
themselves, a party’s formulation of his or her case may evolve and this may
necessitate amendments to pleadings as the case develops. Nevertheless,
clarity over the case presented (at whatever stage of the proceedings) is
always important. The present case before me is one where confusion has arisen
from the pleadings and the legal issues in respect of the capacities, standing
of the parties as well as the related rules on joinder of causes of action.
Whilst these are not straightforward issues, the complicated legal arguments
which have arisen belie the unfortunate reality of a family that has been torn
apart by years of bitter litigation.

Brief factual background

2 Suit No 764 of 2013 (“S 764/2013”) is part of a long standing family dispute
over the distribution of the estates of Foo Tai Joong (“Late Father”), Yap Wee
Kien (“Late Mother”), and Foo Jee Fong (“Late Brother”). The Late Father
passed away in May 1979, the Late Mother passed away on 25 July 2005, and the
Late Brother passed away on 19 July 2007.

3 Over the course of the present proceedings, the parties have come to accept
that the claims in relation to the Late Brother’s estate should not be part of
the present litigation. I thus focus only on describing the Late Father’s and
Late Mother’s estate.

4 The Late Father’s estate consists primarily of proceeds from the sale of a
bungalow. Foo Jhee Tuang (“the 1st Defendant”) is the sole executor and
trustee of the Late Father’s estate. As mentioned, the Late Father passed away
in May 1979, some 36 years ago. The Late Mother was the executrix and trustee
of the Late Father’s Estate. After her death, on 4 March 2010, the 1st
Defendant took over as the executor and trustee of the Late Father’s
estate.[note: 1]

5 There are seven beneficiaries under the Late Father’s will, and each of them
is entitled to 1/7th of the Late Father’s estate. The seven beneficiaries are
the Late Mother, the Late Brother, Foo Li Li (“the 2nd Plaintiff”), Foo Jee
Seng (“the Intervener”), the 1st Defendant, Foo Jee Boo (“the 1st Plaintiff”),
and Foo Chin Chin (another sibling not involved in the current litigation).

6 In relation to the Late Mother’s estate, the 1st Plaintiff and the 1st
Defendant are joint executors and trustees. The beneficiaries of the Late
Mother’s estate under her will are the 1st Plaintiff (50%), the 1st Defendant
(25%), and the Intervener (25%). The litigation over the Late Mother’s estate
in the present proceedings concerns only her 1/7th share of the Late Father’s
estate.

7 After so many years, neither the Late Father’s nor the Late Mother’s estates
have been fully administered. However, some monies from both estates have
apparently been paid out by the 1st Defendant to himself pursuant to the
beneficial interests and claims that the 1st Defendant has in and against the
estates. No other beneficiary has received any pay-outs. Indeed, these pay-
outs to the 1st Defendant form the heart of the dispute in S 764/2013.

8 A long history of acrimonious litigation between the parties precedes S
764/2013. The prior litigation included litigation in the State Courts
involving the 1st Plaintiff and 1st Defendant over the Late Mother’s medical
expenses[note: 2], as well as High Court proceedings by the 1st Plaintiff, 2nd
Plaintiff and the Intervener against the 1st Defendant for an order that the
Late Father’s bungalow be sold and the proceeds distributed in accordance with
his Will.[note: 3]

9 By way of a court order dated 6 September 2012 made in Civil Appeal No 70 of
2011 (“CA 70/2011”), the Court of Appeal ordered the sale of the bungalow and
distribution of the proceeds as per the instructions in the Late Father’s
Will. I do not find it necessary to go into the earlier proceedings in this
judgment in any detail. The only further reference I make to the previous
proceedings relates to how TJH Law Corporation (“the 2nd Defendant”) became
embroiled in the present family dispute. Pursuant to the Court of Appeal’s
decision in CA 70/2011 on 7 August 2012[note: 4], the Plaintiffs, the
Intervener, and the 1st Defendant jointly appointed the 2nd Defendant as
solicitors to act in the sale of the Late Father’s bungalow and to distribute
the net sale proceeds to the seven beneficiaries of the Late Father’s estate.
In the present proceedings, the plaintiffs bring several claims against the
2nd Defendant for breaches of its duties as solicitors jointly appointed by
the parties to administer the Late Father’s estate.

10 While the draft statement of claim filed by the plaintiffs is long, complex
and somewhat confusing as it stands, the claims found therein may be broadly
categorised into the claims relating to the Late Father’s estate, and the
claims relating to the Late Mother’s estate’s 1/7th share under the Late
Father’s estate. These claims may be further categorised into the claims
brought against the 1st Defendant, and the claims brought against the 2nd
Defendant.

11 In Statement of Claim (Amendment No 1), the plaintiffs’ claim in the
present suit was essentially concerned with the Late Father’s Estate. No claim
was brought in respect of the Late Mother’s Estate or the Late Brother’s
Estate.

12 Subsequently, the plaintiffs applied for leave to amend Statement of Claim
(Amendment No 1), and the application came before me on appeal (see detailed
procedural background below).

13 Without going into the details, I now briefly outline the gist of the
claims brought by the plaintiffs (as found in the plaintiffs’ draft Statement
of Claim (Amendment No 2) (“the Draft SOC”)).

14 In brief, the amendments expanded or added details in respect of the claim
against the 1st Defendant and the Late Father’s Estate. The amendments also
sought to add _new_ claims against the 1st and 2nd Defendants in respect of
the Late Mother’s Estate and the Late Brother’s Estate. I say nothing more
about the attempt to bring in a new claim in respect of the Late Brother’s
Estate since there is no request for further arguments (or indeed application
for leave to appeal) in respect of the dismissal of the amendments in respect
of the Late Brother’s Estate.

15 Both the 1st Plaintiff and the 2nd Plaintiff bring the following claims
against the **1st Defendant** in relation to the **Late Father’s estate[note:
5]**:

(a) failure to account for monies in the Late Father’s estate (including the
proceeds from the sale of the bungalow, as well as the rental income received
from the property before the sale);

(b) failure to properly distribute the Late Father’s estate or to properly
instruct the 2nd Defendant to distribute the Late Father’s estate;

(c) failure to properly calculate the beneficiaries’ respective entitlements
under the Late Father’s estate, especially in relation to the claims the 1st
Defendant and the plaintiffs have against the Late Father’s estate; and

(d) wrongfully releasing sums of money to himself above and beyond what he is
entitled to as beneficiary or creditor.

16 Both the 1st Plaintiff and the 2nd Plaintiff bring the following claims
against the **2nd Defendant** in relation to the **Late Father’s estate[note:
6]**:

(a) wrongfully acting on the sole and unilateral instructions of the 1st
Defendant in relation to the Late Father’s estate without consulting the
plaintiffs or independently verifying the 1st Defendant’s instructions;

(b) wrongly calculated the entitlements of each party, enabling the 1st
Defendant to inflate his share; and

(c) wrongfully paying the 1st Defendant sums from the Late Father’s estate
which exceeds the 1st Defendant’s rightful entitlement.

17 Both the 1st Plaintiff and the 2nd Plaintiff bring the following claims
against the **1st Defendant** in relation to the **Late Mother’s estate** :

(a) wrongfully instructed the 2nd Defendant to pay him excess sums out of the
Late Mother’s 1/7th share of the Late Father’s estate, thereby unjustly
enriching himself; and

(b) failed to act fairly towards the beneficiaries when he admitted his own
claims against the Late Mother’s estate but not other similar claims of the
plaintiffs.

18 Both the 1st Plaintiff and the 2nd Plaintiff bring the following claims
against the **2nd Defendant** in relation to the **Late Mother’s estate** :

(a) wrongfully dealing with the Late Mother’s estate when the 2nd Defendant
was not engaged or authorised to do so;[note: 7]

(b) wrongfully paying out sums which the 1st Defendant is not entitled to from
the Late Mother’s estate to the 1st Defendant;[note: 8]

19 With this factual backdrop in mind, I now explain the background to the
specific interlocutory applications before me.

The applications before me

Application to amend the statement of claim

20 This judgment is broadly concerned with the plaintiffs’ application to
amend their statement of claim in S 764/2013.

21 On 18 September 2014, the plaintiffs filed SUM 4655/2014 for leave to amend
their statement of claim in the manner found in the Draft SOC. The amendments
proposed by the plaintiffs in the Draft SOC were quite significant. At the
hearing before the Assistant Registrar (“the AR”), the Defendants did not
object to a number of proposed amendments.[note: 9] The AR allowed some of the
contested amendments, but also disallowed a significant number of paragraphs
in the Draft SOC. Both the plaintiffs and the 2nd Defendant were dissatisfied
with the AR’s decision. The plaintiffs thus filed RA 396/2014 (seeking to
reverse the AR’s decision disallowing certain paragraphs of the Draft SOC),
and the 2nd Defendant filed RA 397/2014 (seeking to exclude certain paragraphs
allowed by the AR). The appeal then came before me.

22 Having heard the parties on 9 February 2015, I allowed the 2nd Defendant’s
appeal in RA 397/2014 in full, and only partially allowed the plaintiffs’
appeal in RA 396/2014. For clarity and convenience, I set out the disputed
paragraphs of the Draft SOC in the following table, and outline whether they
have been allowed or disallowed following the AR’s decision in SUM 4655/2014,
_and_ my decisions in RA 396/2014 and RA 397/2014.

Paragraph |  Description |  Allowed/ Disallowed  
---|---|---  
Late Father’s estate  
[36(b)] |  Facts relating to the 2nd Defendant’s handling of the Late Father’s estate  |  Allowed  
Prayer 4(a)(i)-(iii) |  2nd Defendant’s liability in relation to Late Father’s estate  |  Disallowed (parties were content to just have prayer 4(a)(iv))  
Prayer 4(a)(iv) |  2nd Defendant’s liability in relation to Late Father’s estate |  Allowed   
Late Mother’s estate  
[42]–[44]  |  Details of the 2nd Defendant’s breaches of duty in relation to the Late Mother’s estate |  Disallowed  
[45] |  Facts relating to the expenses claims that the parties have against the mother’s estate |  Allowed  
[49]–[50] |  The 2nd Defendant’s liability in respect of the mother’s estate  |  Disallowed   
Prayer 4(b) |  The 2nd Defendant’s liability in respect of the mother’s estate |  Disallowed   
[52]–[53] |  The 1st Defendant’s liability in relation to the mother’s estate. Note: [51] set out claims in respect of breach of duties by the 1st Defendant as a joint executor/trustee of the Late Mother’s estate. [54] sets out the claim for an account against the 1st Defendant in respect of monies taken from the Late Mother’s 1/7th share in the Late Father’s estate. [52]–[53] set out further and alternative claims in respect of the breaches alleged in para 51. |  Allowed (This was in light of [51] and [54] having been allowed before the AR as they were not contested.)   
Foo Jee Fong’s estate  
[55]–[66], Prayer 3, 4(c) |  Relating to Foo Jee Fong’s estate |  Disallowed (no dispute now in the request for further arguments and/or leave to appeal)  
  
  

Leave to appeal and further arguments applications

23 The plaintiffs were dissatisfied with my decision to disallow the
paragraphs containing their claims against the 2nd Defendant in relation to
the Late Mother’s estate (specifically, [42]–[44], [49]–[50] and prayer 4(b)
of the Draft SOC).

24 On 16 February 2015, the plaintiffs wrote a letter to the court requesting
for further arguments. On 17 February 2015, the plaintiffs filed SUM 786/2015
and SUM 787/2015, seeking leave to appeal against my decision to disallow
[42]–[44], [49]–[50] and prayer 4(b) of the Draft SOC. The only basis the
plaintiffs rely upon in these leave to appeal summonses is that there is a
_prima facie_ case of error in my decision.[note: 10]

25 Thus, the only question before me arising from the application for further
arguments and the leave to appeal summons is whether I erred in disallowing
the paragraphs containing the plaintiffs’ claims against the **2nd Defendant**
in relation to the **Late Mother’s estate**. If I find that I did so err, I
can either vary my original judgment, or grant the plaintiffs leave to appeal
my decision.

26 The above matters were fixed before me on 14 April 2015. However, the 1st
Defendant’s counsel requested an adjournment because his client was in
hospital. I granted the adjournment. Since parties were all present before me,
I took the opportunity to request for further submissions on the specific
issues of capacities in which parties are suing and being sued, and on joinder
of causes of action in the present suit. These were issues which I felt needed
to be more fully ventilated. The parties duly tendered their further
submissions, and came before me for oral submissions on 28 May 2015. At the
end of the hearing on 28 May 2015, I reserved judgment.

Issues that arise in the present judgment

27 To be clear, this judgment only concerns my decision on the plaintiffs’
further arguments and leave to appeal applications, and the issues that arise
therefrom. It is not the grounds of my decision in RA 396/2014 and RA 397/2014
as a whole.

28 The first issue that arises for consideration relates to the capacities the
parties are suing and being sued in. As will be seen, this has a crucial
impact on whether the plaintiffs have standing to bring the claims they seek
to bring against the 2nd Defendant in relation to the Late Mother’s estate.

29 The second issue that arises is whether I erred in disallowing [42]–[44],
[49]–[50] and prayer 4(b) of the Draft SOC, which essentially contain the
plaintiffs’ claims against the 2nd Defendant in relation to the Late Mother’s
estate. Two sub-issues arise under this head. The first relates to whether the
plaintiffs have standing to bring the claims against the 2nd Defendant in
relation to the Late Mother’s estate, and the second relates to the
appropriateness of joining the causes of action in those paragraphs.

Capacities

30 I start by discussing the issue of capacities because this will have
significant implications on my decision on the further arguments and leave to
appeal applications (as will be seen subsequently).

31 It is well-established that the representative capacities in which parties
are suing and being sued in must be made absolutely clear from the point an
action is commenced. The onus, of course, is on the plaintiff commencing the
action to ensure that this is the case. Indeed, O 6 r 2(1)(c) and (d) of the
Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2014 Rev Ed) (“ROC”) state:

2.–(1) Before a writ is issued, it must be endorsed–

(c) where the plaintiff sues in a representative capacity, with a statement of
the capacity in which he sues;

(d) where a defendant is sued in a representative capacity, with a statement
of the capacity in which he is sued;

32 Complying with this rule is not merely important for procedural neatness.
Clarifying the capacities in which parties are suing and being sued forms a
crucial backdrop to the plaintiff’s claims and has significant _substantive_
implications. In many cases, the capacities in which the parties are acting in
will affect the rights and obligations they owe to each other. For example, if
certain persons have special rights due to their representative capacities,
such rights are usually only enforceable if the action is brought in those
representative capacities. Without clarity as to the capacities in which
parties are suing and being sued in, the court will not have sufficient
context to properly assess the validity of the claims brought by the plaintiff
against the defendant.

33 Looking at the writ and the Draft SOC in the present case, I found there to
be significant uncertainty as to the capacities in which the parties were
suing and being sued in. Given that no statement of capacity was endorsed on
the writ pursuant to O 6 r 2(c) and (d) of the ROC, it appeared that the
plaintiffs were suing in their personal capacities. However, the plaintiffs’
pleadings and submissions strongly suggested that at least some of their
claims concerned the 1st Plaintiff in his _representative capacity_. I
therefore directed the parties to make further submissions to clarify their
positions.

34 While I gave all parties the opportunity to make further submissions on the
abovementioned issues, the issue on capacities is in reality a question _for
the plaintiffs_. Given that this is the plaintiffs’ action, they have the
prerogative and also the duty, to make clear the capacities in which the
parties are suing and being sued in.

The plaintiffs’ position

35 In their written submissions and orally before me at the hearing on 28 May
2015, the plaintiffs unequivocally took the position that the parties were all
suing and being sued in their _personal capacities only_. This is the case
notwithstanding any suggestions to the contrary in their pleadings,
submissions, affidavits, or correspondence. I note that the plaintiffs’
counsel was unwavering in taking this position even in response to repeated
probing and questions from the court.

36 I accept that it is the _plaintiffs’ prerogative_ to decide how they would
like to bring and frame their claim. Further, I note that the plaintiffs’
present position on capacities is consistent with the writ that was issued for
S 764/2013 because there is no statement of capacities in the writ. In the
absence of such a statement, the court will proceed on the basis that parties
are suing in their personal capacities.

37 However, the plaintiffs’ current position on capacities, clear and
unequivocal as it was when articulated during the hearing of further
arguments, appears to be a _radical shift_ from the plaintiffs’ previous
position.

38 To demonstrate my point, I shall consider a few clear examples from the
plaintiffs’ previous submissions. In the plaintiffs’ letter to the court dated
16 February 2015 requesting for further arguments, they stated at [22] that:

The 2nd Defendant’s contention that the Plaintiffs have no locus to bring an
action against them without also joining the co-executor of the Mother’s
estate is without merits. The authority of _Lee Han Tiong v Tay Yok Swee_
cited by the 2nd Defendant stands for the proposition that if a co-executor
does not consent to an action commenced by another co-executor, the former
should be joined in the action as a defendant. The 1st Defendant as the co-
executor of the Mother’s estate has been so joined in this action.

39 It seems clear to me that the plaintiffs were stating that the 1st
Defendant _as co-executor of the Late Mother’s estate_ is presently part of
the action. Moreover, it is clearly implied that the 1st Plaintiff envisioned
himself commencing the action relating to the Mother’s estate in his capacity
_as co-executor of the Late Mother’s estate_.

40 A similar suggestion was made at [6] of the plaintiffs’ first skeletal
submissions dated 14 April 2015 tendered for the present applications:

_Plaintiffs should not be shut out and precluded from making claims in
relation to the Mother’s estate_

…

6\. 1st Plaintiff and 1st Defendant are joint executors and trustees under
Mother’s estate – all necessary parties are before the Court in this action.

41 In the paragraph above, the plaintiffs appear to assert the 1st Plaintiff’s
and 1st Defendant’s capacity as joint executors and trustees of the Late
Mother’s estate as the relevant capacity for the present action. More than
that, they even seem to make a concession that the 1st Plaintiff and 1st
Defendant _as joint executors and trustees of the Late Mother’s estate_ are
necessary parties to this action.

42 It would appear from the above paragraphs that the 1st Plaintiff was
bringing at least some of the claims in relation to the Late Mother’s estate
in his capacity as joint executor and trustee of the Late Mother’s estate.
Indeed, the above paragraphs also suggest that the plaintiffs were suing the
1st Defendant in his capacity as joint executor and trustee of the Late
Mother’s estate.

43 These are merely some examples that demonstrate the shift in the
plaintiffs’ position. While the plaintiffs’ current position accords with the
writ as it stands (which has not been endorsed with any statement of
capacities), it is clear that confusion has arisen because of the plaintiffs’
failure to clarify the position it was taking on this issue. I also
acknowledge that the defendants were surprised (and rightly so) by the shift
in the plaintiffs’ position at this stage. I cannot emphasise enough how
important and fundamental it is for litigants to apply their minds to the
issue of capacities, and to _clearly_ state the parties’ relevant capacities
(both in the writ and in the pleadings) when commencing an action. This is
especially the case in litigation such as the present, where one party wears
multiple “hats”.

44 I pause to observe that I find the plaintiffs’ insistence on the 1st
Plaintiff suing only in his personal capacity somewhat puzzling. Why this is
so will be seen more clearly later in the judgment. Nevertheless, as I
mentioned above, it is ultimately the _plaintiffs’ prerogative_ to decide the
capacities in which they are suing in and in which they choose to sue the
defendants in. On this, I reiterate that the plaintiffs have now taken the
clear and unequivocal position before me that the parties to the present
action are all suing and being sued in their _personal capacities only_. Given
that the plaintiffs’ current position is consistent with the writ as it
stands, there is no reason for me to proceed on any other basis than that the
parties to the present case are indeed all suing and being sued in their
_personal capacities only_.

1st Defendant’s capacity

45 While the further arguments and leave to appeal applications concern only
the _plaintiffs’ claims vis-à-vis the 2nd Defendant_ , at the hearing before
me, matters to do with the _1st Defendant’s capacity_ were traversed. For this
reason, I now make a few observations on the _1st Defendant’s capacity._ The
1st Defendant may be sued in three possible capacities: personal capacity,
capacity as executor and trustee of the Late Father’s estate, and capacity as
executor and trustee of the Late Mother’s estate. At the oral hearing before
me on 28 May 2015, there was some suggestion from the defendants that they
assumed all along that the 1st Defendant was being sued in his representative
capacity as executor and trustee of the Late Father’s and Late Mother’s
estates, rather than in his personal capacity.

46 I would make clear that having considered the statutory provisions and
relevant authorities carefully, I am of the view that the 1st Defendant is
appropriately sued in his _personal capacity_ , rather than in his
_representative capacity_ as executor and trustee of either the Late Father’s
or Late Mother’s estate.

47 Order 6 r 2(1)(c) and (d) of the ROC requires that a plaintiff’s and/or a
defendant’s _representative_ capacities must be endorsed on the writ. Order 6
r 2(1)(c) and (d) of the ROC only apply when the plaintiff is suing as a
representative, or when the defendant is being sued as a representative.

48 When suing an executor and trustee for breach of his duties in respect of
his handling of the estate, it appears that the claim should be brought
against the executor and trustee _in his personal capacity_ : see generally
Jeffrey Pinsler SC, _Singapore Court Practice 2014_ vol 1 (Lexis Nexis, 2014)
(“ _Singapore Court Practice_ ”) at para 15/1/4. This passage just cited from
_Singapore Court Practice_ at para 15/1/4 concerns O 15 r 1(b), which relates,
_inter alia_ , to the joinder of two separate causes of action against a
person in his _representative capacity_ as executor or trustee of an estate,
and against the same person in his _personal capacity_ in respect of the same
estate. The learned author of _Singapore Court Practice_ at para 15/1/4
observes that O 15 r 1(1)(b) deals with the case where there are two claims
against an estate: one being against the _estate itself_ , and the other
against _a personal representative in respect of his handling of the estate_.
Thus, a person may have a claim against the estate in respect of a debt owed
by the deceased; in addition, he may also have a claim against the personal
representative in respect of his handling of the estate. In such a case, so
long as all the claims relate to the same estate, the plaintiff may join them
without leave of the court. It appears to follow that claims are only brought
against the executor and trustee in his representative capacity as executor
and trustee when the plaintiff wishes to sue _the estate itself_.

49 Order 15 r 14 of the ROC lends weight to this interpretation of the rules.
Order 15 r 14 concerns bringing claims “against trustees, executors or
administrators in their capacity as such without joining any of the persons
having a beneficial interest in the trust or estate”. The rule is clearly
concerned with enabling trustees, executors and administrators in their
capacity as such to sue or be sued without their beneficiaries being joined,
but so as to bind them: _Singapore Civil Procedure 2015_ vol 1 (G P Selvam gen
ed) (Sweet & Maxwell, 2015) at para 15/14/2. It therefore appears that it is
only necessary to sue a trustee and executor _in his representative capacity_
if a claimant is seeking to sue and bind the natural or legal persons (_eg_ ,
beneficiaries of the estate) the said trustee and executor represents.

50 In the present case, while the plaintiffs are suing the 1st Defendant for
the breach of his duties as “the trustee of the Late Father’s estate” (the
Draft SOC at [40]) and as “one of the joint executors and trustees of the Late
Mother’s estate” (the Draft SOC at [51]), the plaintiffs are not suing the
estates, but the 1st Defendant personally. Therefore, while the 1st
Defendant’s alleged breaches of duties were committed in his capacity as
executor and trustee of the respective estates, it is unnecessary and
inappropriate to sue him in his _representative_ capacity as executor and
trustee of the Late Father’s or Late Mother’s estates. To do so would, in
effect, be to bring a claim against the Late Father’s and Late Mother’s
estates instead. This is clearly not the plaintiffs’ intention.

51 Of course, whether the plaintiffs may have to join the 1st Defendant in his
capacity as co-executor and trustee of the Late Mother’s estate in order to
prosecute claims _on behalf_ of the Late Mother’s estate is not a question
that I need to address at this juncture. It is for the plaintiffs to decide
how they wish to proceed following my decision.

52 Having dealt with the issue of capacities, I now proceed to consider if I
erred in disallowing the paragraphs containing the plaintiffs’ claims against
the 2nd Defendant in relation to the Late Mother’s estate.

Whether there was a _prima facie_ case of error

53 The main ground for the plaintiffs’ further arguments and leave to appeal
applications is that I made an error in disallowing [42]–[44], [49]–[50] and
prayer 4(b) of the Draft SOC, which contain the plaintiffs’ claims against the
2nd Defendant in relation to the Late Mother’s estate.[note: 11]

54 It is well-established that courts will normally grant parties leave to
amend their pleadings if the proposed amendments enable the real questions in
controversy between the parties to be decided: _Review Publishing Co Ltd and
another v Lee Hsien Loong and another appeal_ [2010] 1 SLR 52 (“ _Review
Publishing_ ”) at [113]. This is unless the amendments would cause the other
parties to suffer prejudice that is not compensable by costs: _Review
Publishing_ at [113]. However, the courts also have the discretion to look at
the merits if it is apparent on the face of the amendments that the claims
therein cannot succeed: _Kings Quality Homes Ltd v AJ Paints Ltd_ [1998] 1 WLR
124 at 131. Indeed, I fully accept that as far as possible, courts ought to
give the parties the liberty to plead their claims and defences as they wish.

55 In the present case, the 2nd Defendant does not object to the amendments in
[42]–[44], [49]–[50] and prayer 4(b) of the Draft SOC on the ground that
allowing the said paragraphs would cause it prejudice which cannot be
compensated by costs. Instead, the objection is that the claims brought
therein are clearly, on the face of the amendments, unmeritorious. To my mind,
two key issues arise for determination:

(a) First, does the 1st Plaintiff and/or the 2nd Plaintiff have standing to
bring the claims in [42]–[44], [49]–[50] and prayer 4(b) of the Draft SOC?

(b) Second, if the issue of _locus standi_ is overcome, should those separate
causes of action against the 2nd Defendant in relation to the Late Mother’s
estate be joined in a suit primarily about the Late Father’s estate?

56 If these questions are both answered in the positive, I would be inclined,
after further arguments, to allow [42]–[44], [49]–[50] and prayer 4(b) of the
Draft SOC. While I was invited by the 2nd Defendant to look further into the
substantive merits of the specific claims brought by the plaintiffs against
the 2nd Defendant, I am not inclined to do so at this juncture.

Standing

57 The plaintiffs submit that the 1st Plaintiff has standing to bring the
claims in [42]–[44], [49]–[50] and prayer 4(b) of the Draft SOC in his
personal capacity because he is a _beneficiary_ of the Late Mother’s estate.
Before me on 28 May 2015, for the first time, the plaintiffs’ counsel also
submitted that the 2nd Plaintiff (who is not a beneficiary of the Late
Mother’s estate) also has standing to bring the said claims because she is a
_creditor_ of the Late Mother’s estate. This submission appears to be based on
the liability of the Late Mother’s Estate for certain medical expenses. Late
as this second submission may be, I am prepared to consider if the 2nd
Plaintiff’s creditor status gives her the requisite _locus standi_. At the
hearing before me on 28 May 2015, the parties accepted that the claims in
[42]–[44], [49]–[50] and prayer 4(b) of the Draft SOC are brought by the
plaintiffs to preserve the assets of the Late Mother’s estate generally. They
are not brought only to preserve the 1st Plaintiff’s portion of or entitlement
to the Late Mother’s estate. It bears repeating that the 2nd Plaintiff is not
a beneficiary of the Late Mother’s Estate. The beneficiaries are: the 1st
Plaintiff, the 1st Defendant and the Intervener.

58 In these circumstances, the key legal issue that arises for determination
is whether a beneficiary or creditor of an unadministered estate has standing
to bring a claim to preserve the assets of the estate generally.

59 The leading local authority in relation to a beneficiary’s standing to sue
on behalf of an unadministered estate is the Singapore Court of Appeal
decision in _Wong Moy v Soo Ah Choy_ [1996] 3 SLR(R) 27 (“ _Wong Moy_ ”). The
plaintiffs accept that the principles articulated by the Court of Appeal in
_Wong Moy_ govern the issue of standing (both in relation to the 1st Plaintiff
as beneficiary and the 2nd Plaintiff as creditor) in this case. I thus now
turn to consider _Wong Moy_.

60 In _Wong Moy_ , the plaintiff commenced an action against the defendant in
her capacity as the administratrix of the estate of her late husband. The
defendant was the “second wife” and the action was in respect of certain
properties which the plaintiff asserted was held on trust for the late
husband.

61 As mentioned, the action was originally brought by the plaintiff in her
capacity as administratrix. The problem, however, was that whilst the
plaintiff had obtained grant of letters of administration, she had not yet
extracted the grant. This was due to issues relating to estate duty. The High
Court noted that it was an established principle that it is the grant under
seal (_ie_ , after extraction of grant) and not the order of court which
confers the status of personal representative. The matter was then adjourned
so that the plaintiff could consider bringing the action in some other
capacity. The plaintiff eventually brought the action in her personal capacity
as a beneficiary of the deceased’s estate as well as on behalf of her children
(who were also beneficiaries). The High Court struck out the plaintiff’s
action on the ground that she had no standing to sue without the letters of
administration. The matter went on appeal before the Court of Appeal. The key
legal issue before the Court of Appeal was whether the plaintiff _qua_
beneficiary of her deceased husband’s estate was entitled to institute an
action against the defendant to protect the assets of the estate.

62 The Court of Appeal allowed the appeal, and found that the plaintiff had
the requisite standing to commence the action against the defendant. The court
first clarified that ordinarily, beneficiaries have _no equitable or
beneficial interest_ in any particular asset comprised in an unadministered
estate: _Wong Moy_ at [11]. Indeed, I note in passing that this proposition of
law was affirmed by the High Court in _Aamna Taseer v Shaan Taseer and others_
[2012] 2 SLR 348 at [6], where the court held that a beneficiary of an
unadministered estate did not have any direct, caveatable interest in the
assets of the unadministered estate.

63 _Prima facie_ , this leans against the conclusion that a beneficiary of an
unadministered estate has standing to bring a claim to preserve the value of
the estate. However, the court in _Wong Moy_ (at [12]) held that there are
certain limited, special circumstances under which a beneficiary of an estate
which is unadministered or under administration may institute an action to
recover assets of the estate. These special circumstances are not confined
solely to cases where the personal representative has defaulted in acting to
recover the property (_Wong Moy_ at [24]). Instead, all the circumstances of
the case should be considered and the court must ultimately decide whether it
is “impossible or at least seriously inconvenient for the representatives to
take proceedings” such that the beneficiaries ought to be given the right to
sue: _Wong Moy_ at [28].

64 On the facts, the Court of Appeal found that the plaintiff had done all she
could to obtain letters of administration. Her failure to extract the grant of
letters of administration was due to her inability to obtain clearance from
the Commissioner of Estate Duty. Overall, the Court of Appeal was satisfied
that she did her best in the circumstances to comply with the requirements but
was faced with obstacles beyond her control. Thus, special circumstances were
shown and she was allowed to bring the action as beneficiary: _Wong Moy_ at
[35]–[36].

65 It is noted that _Wong Moy_ involved a situation whereby the plaintiff had
obtained letters administration (in the sense of a court order) but had yet to
extract the grant. It is only upon extraction that the person is clothed with
the authority and power to deal with the property of the deceased. In the
present case, there is no suggestion that the 1st Plaintiff has not yet been
cloaked with the authority and power to act as joint executor and trustee of
the Late Mother’s Estate. In _Wong Moy_ at [28], it was stated that in
deciding whether special circumstances exist to permit a beneficiary to sue,
all the circumstances are to be considered including the nature of the assets,
the position of the personal representative, and the reason for the default of
the personal representative. The Court of Appeal added that it may also be
pertinent to consider whether the circumstances made it impossible or
seriously inconvenient for the representatives to take action.

66 The plaintiffs have urged me to take especial notice of the case _Joseph
Hayim Hayim v Citibank NA_ [1987] AC 730 (“ _Joseph Hayim_ ”), as cited in
_Wong Moy_ at [20]. As the Court of Appeal stated in _Wong Moy_ at [20], the
beneficiaries in _Joseph Hayim_ were allowed to sue to in relation to an
unadministered estate because the trustee was the one who gave the disputed
instructions to postpone the sale of a house. Clearly, the point the
plaintiffs seek to convince me of is that similarly, in the present case, it
is the 1st Defendant (as joint executor and trustee of the Late Mother’s
estate) who is the alleged wrongdoer. Therefore, it would clearly be
inconvenient to expect him to bring the suit. It follows that the
beneficiaries (_ie_ , the 1st Plaintiff) should have standing to sue.

67 I fully accept the legal principles articulated by the courts above.
However, I find that on the facts, the plaintiffs have not been able to prove
that it is “impossible or at least seriously inconvenient for the
representatives to take proceedings” (_Wong Moy_ at [28]). While it would be,
at the very least, seriously inconvenient for the 1st Defendant to bring the
present claims against the 2nd Defendant given that the 1st Defendant was
instructing the 2nd Defendant at all material times (as was the case in
_Joseph Hayim_), it hardly can be said to be inconvenient for the _1st
Plaintiff_ as joint executor and trustee of the Late Mother’s estate to bring
the said claims. After all, the 1st Plaintiff has clearly shown himself
_willing_ and _able_ to prosecute these claims in his personal capacity.
Unlike _Wong Moy_ , where the order had yet to be extracted and hence the
plaintiff was not cloaked with the authority to act for the estate, it appears
that the 1st Plaintiff and 1st Defendant have been properly appointed as the
executors and trustees of the Late Mother’s Estate. There is no suggestion
that the order of appointment has not been extracted.

68 Indeed, the plaintiffs’ two responses do not deny the 1st Plaintiff’s
capacity to sue as the joint trustee and executor. First, they submit that the
1st Plaintiff cannot sue on behalf of the Late Mother’s estate as _joint
executor and trustee_ if the other joint executor and trustee (_ie_ , the 1st
Defendant) does not consent to the action. This surely must be incorrect. In
_Lee Han Tiong and others v Tay Yok Swee_ [1996] 2 SLR(R) 833, an authority
brought to my attention by the plaintiffs themselves (see [30] of this
judgment), the High Court held (at [16]) that “all executors are necessary and
proper parties [to an action brought on behalf of the estate] and ought to be
joined either as plaintiffs _or if they do not consent then as defendants_ ”
[emphasis added]. The plaintiffs have never disputed this proposition of law.
Indeed, it would be difficult for them to do so given that they have
themselves have relied on this precise legal proposition previously. The lack
of consent from the 1st Defendant therefore is not an impediment to the 1st
Plaintiff bringing an action on behalf of the Late Mother’s estate as joint
executor and trustee. The 1st Plaintiff simply needs to ensure that the 1st
Defendant is joined as a defendant to the action.

69 The second point the plaintiffs raise is that there is a conflict of
interest if the 1st Plaintiff sues as joint executor and trustee of the Late
Mother’s estate because he is also a beneficiary and creditor of the said
estate. There are several problems with this submission. First, no authority
was cited for the proposition that there exists a conflict of interest that
would prevent a joint executor and trustee of an estate from bringing a claim
on behalf of the estate when the said trustee is also a beneficiary and/or
creditor of the estate. Indeed, this must be wrong if the law allows a
beneficiary to simultaneously act as joint executor and trustee of an estate.
Accepting the plaintiffs’ submission would mean that a beneficiary who is
simultaneously a joint executor and trustee of an estate would be severely
hampered in the performance of his functions as joint executor and trustee.

70 Second, even leaving aside the lack of authority, the plaintiffs have not
been able to demonstrate the actual conflict of interests. To my mind, it
seems that the 1st Plaintiff as joint executor and trustee and as beneficiary
or creditor of the Late Mother’s estate would have the single interest of
preserving the assets of the estate as far as the law permits. This means
prosecuting the claims against the 2nd Defendant to the best of his ability.
The fruits of litigation will not go directly to the 1st Plaintiff; it goes
straight back to the estate. I therefore fail to see where the conflict of
interests lies.

71 In light of the above discussion, I find that the plaintiffs _in their
personal capacities_ have no standing to bring the claims found in [42]–[44],
[49]–[50] and prayer 4(b) of the Draft SOC. It is not impossible or seriously
inconvenient for the 1st Plaintiff to bring proceedings _in his capacity as
joint executor and trustee_. As such, I am of the view that I did not err in
disallowing the said paragraphs. The claims as they stand are doomed to fail.

72 Before leaving the issue of standing, I would like to make two
observations. First, my decision on standing has no impact on the plaintiffs’
standing to bring the claims in relation to the _Late Father’s estate_. This
is because the sole executor of the Late Father’s estate (_ie_ , the 1st
Defendant) is the alleged wrongdoer and hence it is clearly impossible, if not
at least seriously inconvenient, for the trustee to prosecute the present
claims on behalf of the Late Father’s estate.

73 Second, however, my decision on standing does have an impact on the
plaintiffs’ standing to bring all of the claims they wish to bring in their
personal capacities in relation to the Late Mother’s estate. To be clear, this
includes the claims _against the 1st Defendant_ as well. However, given that
the 1st Defendant never objected to the relevant paragraphs in the Draft SOC,
and the issue is not before me, I say no more. It is for the parties to take
the necessary courses of action they deem fit following my decision.

Joinder of causes of action

74 Given my decision on standing, it is strictly unnecessary for me to
consider whether the causes of action relating to the Late Mother’s estate
should be joined in the present suit. However, I make a few brief comments on
this.

75 The rules require that a plaintiff wishing to join more than one cause of
action in a single suit must apply for leave of court under O 15 r 1(2) of the
ROC unless O 15 r 1(a) or (b) of the ROC applies. _Prima facie_ , and without
the benefit of detailed submissions on this point, it seems to me that O 15 r
1(a) of the ROC would apply in the present case because (as asserted by the
plaintiffs in argument) the plaintiffs and defendants are all suing and being
sued in the same capacity (_ie_ , their _personal capacities_).

76 However, even if the plaintiffs do not need the leave of court to join the
causes of action, O 15 r 5 of the ROC gives the court the power to “order
separate trials or make such other order as may be expedient” if the court
considers that the joinder of causes of action or of parties “may embarrass or
delay the trial or is otherwise inconvenient”.

77 It thus appears to me that the key question I must consider in deciding
whether the causes of action in the disputed paragraphs ought to be included
in the present suit is if the joinder of causes of action (in relation to the
Late Father’s and Late Mother’s estates) “may embarrass or delay the trial or
is otherwise inconvenient”.

78 If I had to decide the issue _in the present circumstances_ , I would have
been inclined to allow the joinder of the causes of action in [42]–[44],
[49]–[50] and prayer 4(b) of the Draft SOC _only_ because as things stand, the
claims _against the 1st Defendant_ in relation to the _Late Mother’s estate_
would be ventilated at trial anyway. It therefore would be convenient for the
claims against the 2nd Defendant in relation to the Late Mother’s estate to
also be similarly ventilated as similar issues of fact are involved.

79 However, things would be quite different if I were considering whether _all
the causes of action in relation to the Late Mother’s estate_ should be joined
in the present suit, which appears to primarily concern the distribution of
the _Late Father’s estate_. I note that only four of the seven parties
interested in the Late Father’s estate have an interest in the Late Mother’s
estate. Of these, only three are beneficiaries. It may thus not be fair to the
other beneficiaries to prolong the trial regarding the Late Father’s estate.
Moreover, separate and distinct issues of facts arise in relation to the
distribution of the Late Mother’s estate. It thus is not as clear whether a
joinder of causes of action would be justified. Nevertheless, without the
benefit of fuller submissions from the parties, I refrain from coming to a
definitive conclusion on the matter.

Conclusion

80 In conclusion, I dismiss the plaintiffs’ leave to appeal applications, and
am not changing my order in RA 396/2015 and RA 397/2015 pursuant to the
request for further arguments. Paragraphs [42]–[44], [49]–[50] and prayer 4(b)
of the Draft SOC remain excluded from the pleadings.

* * *

[note: 1]SOC 2, at [6c]

[note: 2]DC No 2814/2012/L

[note: 3]OS 909/2010/W

[note: 4]SOC 2, at [12]

[note: 5]SOC at [40]

[note: 6]SOC at [36]–[39]

[note: 7]SOC at[43]

[note: 8]SOC at [44]

[note: 9]This was not recorded in the AR’s minute sheet, but parties informed
the court that the AR’s judgment only touched on the paragraphs that the
defendants objected to.

[note: 10]See the supporting affidavits of Foo Jee Boo dated 17 Feb 2015 filed
in support of SUM 787/2015 at [4] onwards, and SUM 786/2015 at [7].

[note: 11]See the supporting affidavits of Foo Jee Boo dated 17 Feb 2015 filed
in support of SUM 787/2015 at [4] onwards, and SUM 786/2015 at [7]; see also
letter dated 16 Feb 2015 requesting for further arguments.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 09 Jul 2015 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

