Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Tien Choon Kuan _v_ Tien Chwan Hoa  
[2015] SGHC 155

Case Number| :| Originating Summons No 984 of 2014  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 11 June 2015  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Choo Han Teck J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Eugene Ho Tze Herng (Eugene Ho & Partners) for the
applicant.  
Parties| :|  Tien Choon Kuan — Tien Chwan Hoa  
  
11 June 2015| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Choo Han Teck J:

1 The applicant is the father of the respondent. In 1983, they purchased a
Housing Development Board (“HDB”) flat at Marine Drive, Singapore, as joint
tenants for $115,000. The applicant claims the respondent has only contributed
$6,400 of the purchase price, and the remainder was funded solely by the
applicant. The applicant severed the joint tenancy on 3 February 2010 as
tenants in common in equal shares.

2 The applicant now claims that the registration of the manner of holding was
wrong and his intention was to sever the joint tenancy based on the parties’
relative contributions to the flat — approximately 95% to the applicant and 5%
to the respondent. By this Originating Summons (“OS”), the applicant applies
for an order allowing him to rectify the land register by amending the manner
of the shares between the applicant and respondent accordingly.

3 A memorandum of service was filed on 20 March 2015 by the applicant, showing
that the writ of summons has been deemed to be served on the respondent as of
18 March 2015. The respondent did not enter an appearance within the 21 days
required. The applicant further alleges that the respondent has absconded from
Singapore in 1990 because of reasons of debt and has not left any form of
contact to his family. The service of the OS on the respondent seemed to have
been made in Australia by way of normal post.

4 The applicant makes this application pursuant to s 160(1)(_b_) of the Land
Titles Act (Cap 157, 2004 Rev Ed) (“the Act”) which states:

**160.** —(1) Subject to subsection (2), the court may order rectification of
the land-register by directing that any registration be cancelled or amended
in any of the following cases: …

(_b_) where the court is satisfied that any registration of notification of an
instrument has been obtained through fraud, omission or _mistake_ …

(emphasis added)

The applicant further relies on _Sitiawah Bee bte Kader v Rosiyah bte
Abdullah_ [1999] 3 SLR(R) 606 (“ _Sitiawah_ ”) and _Tan Chui Lian v Neo Liew
Eng_ [2007] 1 SLR(R) 265 (“ _Tan Chui Lian_ ”) to argue that the land register
should be rectified to reflect the manner of holding as tenancy in common in
unequal shares. But these cases merely demonstrate that the court has the
power under s 18(2) of the Supreme Court of Judicature Act (Cap 322, 2007 Rev
Ed) “in any cause or matter relating to land…to order the land or any part of
it to be sold, and to give all necessary and consequential directions”. The
cases do not demonstrate in what circumstances the land register can be
rectified for reasons of mistake. A balance has to be struck between the
indefeasibility of registered title in a system of land registration, and the
power to rectify the land register in circumstances involving fraud, omission
of mistake. The Court of Appeal in _United Overseas Bank Ltd v Bebe bte
Mohammad_ [2006] 4 SLR(R) 884 (“ _Bebe_ ”) at [47] established that s
160(1)(_b_) of the Act applies only to the mistake of the party who presents
the instruments to the registry for registration, and that the reference to
mistake must be read together with ss 46(2)(_b_) to 46(2)(_e_) of the Act. On
the facts of _Bebe_ , it was held that it was the mistake of the registry
staff which caused the registration of the mortgage and not the mistake of the
bank’s solicitors. Thus s 160(1)(_b_) was held not to apply. The applicant has
not persuaded me as to how the facts of the present case fall within ss
46(2)(_b_) to 46(2)(_e_) of the Act nor how the registration of the notice of
severance has adversely affected the interest of another party.

5 Furthermore, both cases cited by the applicant show that the current
application is unclear in its cause of action. The cases show that the
severance of the joint tenancy in both cases created a tenancy in common in
equal shares, but that the subsequent distribution of sale proceeds was
carried out according to the position in equity—in which “equity recognises a
presumed intention that the parties intended to hold the property in
proportion to their relative contributions, and raises a resulting trust which
adjusts the equities accordingly” (at [11] of _Sitiawah_ and affirmed at [19]
of _Tan Chui Lian_). Thus the notice of severance was merely in law and not in
equity. The position in equity, taking the facts as presented by the
applicant, is that there exists a presumed intention that the parties intended
to hold the property in proportion to their relative contributions and the
respondent holds 45% of his share on resulting trust for the applicant. But
given the circumstances in which the applicant had served a notice of
severance of joint tenancy which created a tenancy in common in equal shares,
he has to further rebut the presumption of advancement and any evidence that
the respondent’s additional share of the property was not intended as a gift,
to succeed in his application.

6 However, the applicant in this case has chosen to commence proceedings by
way of OS and not by way of writ. An action is commenced by OS where required
by statute or if the dispute is concerned with matters of law where there is
unlikely to be any substantial dispute of fact. In this case, the applicant
has to prove to the satisfaction of the court that he made a mistake in the
manner of holding as found in the notice of severance filed on 3 February 2010
to the Singapore Land Authority. The applicant further has to prove that he
did not intend to give his share of the property to the respondent by way of
gift. These are all matters in which the respondent should be given sufficient
opportunity to respond to, and may result in substantial disputes on fact. The
fact that a defendant may not appear is not a reason to commence the action by
OS. The plaintiff might still obtain judgment in default of appearance, but he
must do so by the proper process.

7 For the reasons above the application in Originating Summons No 984 of 2014
is to be converted to a writ action. Applicant is to file a statement of claim
and plead his cause of action within 14 days from the date of this order.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 11 Jun 2015 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

