Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Malini Ventura _v_ Knight Capital Pte Ltd and others  
[2015] SGHC 225

Case Number| :| HC/ Suit No 792 of 2015 (HC/Summons Nos 3763 and 3844 of 2015)  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 27 August 2015  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Judith Prakash J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Christopher Anand s/o Daniel and Harjean Kaur (Advocatus
Law LLP) for the plaintiff; Nakul Dewan (instructed by Franca Ciambella and
Aishah Winter of Consilium Law Corporation) for the defendants.  
Parties| :|  MALINI VENTURA — KNIGHT CAPITAL PTE LTD — REMY KLAMMERS — ALEXIS
DOMINIQUE SUZAT — YUKIO MIYAMAE — LOIC JACQUES PAPLOREY  
  
27 August 2015| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Judith Prakash J:

Introduction

1 The issue posed by the two applications before me is akin to the old and
familiar brain teaser contained in the question: Which came first, the chicken
or the egg?

2 The plaintiff started this action on 3 August 2015 seeking a declaration
that she had not entered into any arbitration agreement with the defendants
and a further declaration that all proceedings in the arbitration known as
SIAC Arbitration No 24/2015 (“SIAC 24”) are a nullity and of no effect. On the
same day, she filed an application for an injunction to restrain the
defendants, as claimants, from continuing with SIAC 24 against the plaintiff,
as respondent, pending the full and final disposal of the action. The
defendants’ response, a few days later, was to file a summons for all
proceedings in this action to be stayed pending the full and final
determination of SIAC 24. The defendants invoked s 6 of the International
Arbitration Act (Cap 143A, 2002 Rev Ed) (“the IAA”).

3 I heard both applications on an urgent basis on the same day. In essence,
the defendants’ contention is that there is an arbitration agreement to which
the IAA applies and therefore, under s 6(2) of the IAA, I must stay this
action and dismiss the plaintiff’s application for an interim injunction. The
plaintiff contends that the court is not bound to stay the proceedings under s
6(2) because, due to her position that she never signed any arbitration
agreement and that the purported signature that appears on the document on
which the defendants rely is not her signature but a forgery, no arbitration
agreement exists and therefore the defendants have no standing to make an
application under s 6 of the IAA.

4 The plaintiff says that the question as to whether a valid arbitration
agreement exists so as to confer jurisdiction on the tribunal in SIAC 24 is an
issue for the court. The defendants on the other hand argue that under the
regime set up by the IAA and the UNCITRAL Model Law on International
Commercial Arbitration (“the Model Law”), the existence of an arbitration
agreement is pre-eminently an issue which comes within the jurisdiction of the
arbitral tribunal and only after the tribunal has rendered its decision on its
issue can the court play a role.

Background

The Personal Guarantee Deed

5 The first defendant is a Singapore incorporated company and the second to
fifth defendants are individuals. In December 2013, all the defendants agreed
to grant a loan to a Singapore incorporated company (which I shall refer to as
“the Borrower”) in the aggregate principal amount of US$2.3m to partially
finance the Borrower’s acquisition of all the shares in another company which
I shall refer to as “XPL”. The plaintiff’s husband (“PV”) was the sole
shareholder and director of the Borrower.

6 During the negotiations for the loan to the Borrower, PV agreed that he and
the plaintiff would guarantee the repayment of the loan as part of the
security for it. The loan agreement and various security documents were signed
on 28 December 2013. The guarantee of the plaintiff and PV were contained in a
“Personal Guarantee Deed” (“the Guarantee”) which was prepared in a number of
counterparts and supposed to be executed on the same day. PV apparently
executed one counterpart of the Guarantee on 28 December 2013 but the
plaintiff did not sign any.

7 The loan moneys were disbursed to the Borrower in various tranches between
30 December 2013 and 3 January 2014. In late February 2014, the defendants
were informed by their solicitors that as the plaintiff was travelling she
would only be able to provide the executed counterpart of the Guarantee on her
return. Eventually, on 24 March 2014, the Borrower’s solicitors, M/s Allen &
Gledhill LLP (“A&G”), sent the defendants’ solicitors a letter which stated
“Enclosed please find the Personal Guarantee Deed executed by [the
plaintiff]”. The copy of the Guarantee attached to that letter bore a
signature next to the plaintiff’s name and also bore the signature of a
witness. It appeared to the defendants that the plaintiff had signed the
Guarantee in the presence of a witness.

8 The Guarantee provided, by cl 7.7 thereof, for any dispute or difference
arising amongst the parties with respect to the Deed or “as to any matter or
thing of whatsoever nature arising thereunder or in connection therewith,
_including any question regarding its existence, validity or termination_
[emphasis added]” to be submitted to a single arbitrator to be appointed by
the parties or, failing agreement, to a single arbitrator to be appointed on
the request of any party by the President of the Court of Arbitration of the
Singapore International Arbitration Centre (“the SIAC”).

Events leading to this action

9 On 29 April 2014, the Borrower defaulted on the scheduled repayment of the
loan thus giving rise to an event of default under the loan documentation. On
2 June 2014, the defendants, through their solicitors, gave notice to the
Borrower, PV and the plaintiff of the event of default and demanded payment
from the Borrower and PV. The plaintiff was informed that if proceedings had
to be commenced against the Borrower to enforce recovery, the plaintiff may be
liable as guarantor for the loan. A few days later, the defendants received a
letter from solicitors acting for the plaintiff and a company named Colloso
Limited stating that their clients were considering purchasing XPL. At about
the same time, there was a meeting between the plaintiff and the third
defendant arranged by PV. It is not clear from the defendants’ evidence what
was discussed at the meeting.

10 The loan was not repaid. On 11 November 2014, the defendants’ solicitors
made a written demand on the plaintiff via a letter to her then solicitors,
M/s Oon & Bazul LLP (“O&B”), for the sum of US$2.76m plus late interest and
costs. The plaintiff did not make payment. However, subsequently there were
attempts to mediate the dispute in which her solicitors participated. In the
event, no mediation took place.

11 On 4 February 2015, the defendants issued a “Notice of Arbitration under
the Singapore International Arbitration Centre” (the “Notice”) in respect of
their claim against the plaintiff for payment pursuant to the Guarantee. By
the Notice, the claimant nominated one Mr Ben Giaretta as sole arbitrator. A
copy of the Notice was sent to the plaintiff at an address in Kuala Lumpur.

12 The plaintiff did not respond directly to the Notice. However, on 14 April
2015, she sent an e-mail to the SIAC stating that she had received some
letters which stated something about “ARBITRATION no.024 of 2015” and wanted
to know what it was about. She said that she would send the matter to an
attorney. The SIAC replied to the plaintiff by e-mail the same day informing
her that she had been named the respondent in SIAC 24.

13 The plaintiff did not indicate any agreement to Mr Giaretta being appointed
sole arbitrator. Thus, on 5 May 2015, the SIAC appointed another person, one
Ms Caroline Kenny QC, as the sole arbitrator (“Tribunal”) for SIAC 24.

14 On 13 May 2015, M/s Drew & Napier, acting as the plaintiff’s solicitors,
informed the Tribunal that, since 2012, the plaintiff had not resided at the
Kuala Lumpur address to which the Notice had been sent and did not have a copy
of the Notice. Therefore, M/s Drew & Napier asked for a month to obtain the
Notice and take instructions on the proposed timelines for the arbitration. On
18 May 2015, the Tribunal sent out a draft Procedural Order which contained
the proposed timelines for the arbitration.

15 On 21 May 2015, M/s Drew & Napier responded to the Tribunal’s letter by
informing it that the plaintiff’s position was that SIAC 24 had been
improperly commenced by the defendants. Their letter further stated that the
plaintiff had not entered into any agreement, deed or contract with the
defendants, including the Guarantee. The signature appearing on page 23 of the
defendants’ Statement of Case in the arbitration was not her signature and in
the premises there was no valid arbitration agreement between her and the
defendants. The letter emphasised that it was not a submission to jurisdiction
in respect of the arbitral proceedings.

16 On 25 May 2015, the Tribunal issued Procedural Order No 1 which, among
other things, required the plaintiff to file her Statement of Defence on or
before 15 June 2015. She did not do so. On 17 June 2015, M/s Drew & Napier
discharged themselves from acting for her and, on 23 June 2015, the plaintiff
herself asked the Tribunal to give her some time as she was looking for
another attorney. She subsequently appointed her present solicitors, Advocatus
Law LLP (“Advocatus”), and on 16 July 2015 they asked the Tribunal to let them
have two weeks to take instructions. The Tribunal responded the same day and
extended the time for delivery of the Statement of Defence to Friday, 24 July
2015.

17 Ultimately, the Statement of Defence was served on 27 July 2015. In it the
plaintiff made the following main points:

(a) The Statement of Defence was filed without prejudice to her right to
object to the Tribunal’s jurisdiction on the ground that there was no valid
arbitration agreement in existence between her and the defendants.

(b) The plaintiff did not sign or otherwise enter into the Guarantee. The
signature purporting to be that of the plaintiff in that document is not hers.

(c) The plaintiff’s challenge to the validity of the Guarantee on the ground
that her signature was forged directly impeached the validity of the
arbitration agreement.

(d) Accordingly, the Tribunal had no jurisdiction over the plaintiff including
to rule on its own jurisdiction and the appropriate forum to determine whether
the purported signature was indeed that of the plaintiff and if she is bound
by the arbitration agreement was the Singapore court.

18 On 28 July 2015, the Tribunal requested the parties to indicate their
availability for hearing from 21 to 28 August 2015. The plaintiff’s solicitor
responded by asking the Tribunal to stay the proceedings. On 31 July 2015, the
Tribunal ruled that under r 25.2 of the SIAC Rules the Tribunal had power to
rule on its own jurisdiction “including any objections with respect to the
existence, termination or validity of the arbitration agreement”. The Tribunal
refused the application for a stay and stated that it would rule on the
objection to its jurisdiction when delivering the award on the merits. Three
days later, the plaintiff commenced the present proceedings.

How should s 6 of the IAA be applied?

19 This is where the chicken and the egg question arises. Mr Nakul Dewan,
counsel for the defendants, says that the international arbitration regime in
place in Singapore gives primacy to the Tribunal and it is the Tribunal that
has the first bite at deciding whether or not there is an arbitration
agreement which confers jurisdiction on it. The defendants further say that
under s 6 of the IAA I have no choice but to refer the question of the
existence, validity or termination of an arbitration agreement to the
Tribunal. The plaintiff’s riposte is that s 6 would only apply to an
“arbitration agreement” and that since she did not sign the Guarantee, neither
she nor the defendants are parties to an “arbitration agreement” within s 6(1)
and therefore the defendants are not allowed to apply to court for a stay of
this action. It is for the court to decide whether there is an arbitration
agreement or not.

20 Essentially, my dilemma is how to apply s 6 of the IAA in the circumstances
of this case. The first two subsections of that provision read:

**Enforcement of intentional arbitration agreement**

**6.—(1**) Notwithstanding Article 8 of the Model Law, where any party to _an
arbitration agreement_ to which this Act applies institutes any proceedings in
any court against any other party to the agreement _in respect of any matter
which is the subject of the agreement_ , any party to the agreement may, at
any time after appearance and before delivering any pleading or taking any
other step in the proceedings, apply to that court to stay the proceedings so
far as the proceedings relate to that matter.

(2) _The court_ to which an application has been made in accordance with
subsection (1) _shall make an order_ , upon such terms or conditions as it may
think fit, _staying the proceedings_ so far as the proceedings relate to the
matter, _unless it is satisfied that the arbitration agreement is null and
void_ , inoperative or incapable of being performed.

[emphasis added]

21 The plaintiff relies on s 6(1) to argue that where the existence of an
arbitration agreement is challenged, until that challenge is resolved by the
court, there can be no “arbitration agreement” which permits the opposing
party to apply for a stay of the court action. The defendants on the other
hand refer to Art 16 of the Model Law, which is part of Singapore law, and
emphasise that under sub-Art (1) the Tribunal may rule on its own jurisdiction
including any objections with respect to the “existence or validity of the
arbitration agreement”. Accordingly, s 6(2) makes it plain that a stay must be
issued unless the court is satisfied that the arbitration agreement is null
and void or inoperative or incapable of being performed.

22 There is no doubt that as a matter of general law, the courts have
jurisdiction to decide on the existence or otherwise of a putative contract
and this would include an arbitration agreement. It is the defendants who have
invoked s 6 of the IAA to persuade me that in the present case the court’s
general jurisdiction must give way to the Tribunal’s jurisdiction which is
founded not only on Art 16 of the Model Law but also on r 25.2 of the SIAC
Rules which specifically empowers the Tribunal to decide on the existence of
the arbitration agreement. This section can only be invoked if there is an
“arbitration agreement” and therefore the question is what burden of proof the
defendants have to satisfy in order to persuade me of this.

23 There is a subsidiary point which is that under s 6(1), for the application
to be made, the court proceedings must be in respect “of a matter which is the
subject of the agreement”. The parties did not make much of this point, no
doubt because they recognised that the wording of cl 7.7 of the Guarantee
specifically referred to disputes about the “existence” of the arbitration
agreement being among the disputes that would be referred to arbitration.

24 The defendants’ submission is that to make a determination that an
arbitration agreement exists in order for a stay to be granted pursuant to s 6
of the IAA, the court is only required to be satisfied of the same on a _prima
facie_ basis. The plaintiff disagrees. Her counsel, Mr Christopher Daniel,
submits that in a situation where one party has denied ever entering into the
alleged arbitration agreement so that its very existence is brought into
question, the question as to whether any agreement was ever reached should be
decided by the court on the usual civil standard after a full trial. He says
there is a conceptual difficulty in referring the issue of existence to the
tribunal since if no agreement was ever concluded, no tribunal can ever be
constituted.

25 I should note here that the plaintiff did not dispute that if an
arbitration agreement in the terms of cl 7.7 of the Guarantee existed it would
give rise to an international arbitration governed by the IAA.

26 In order to decide on the applicable standard, it is necessary to look into
the regime governing international arbitration. It is well-known that in this
regime the role of the court has been deliberately circumscribed so as to
promote the efficiency and speediness of the arbitral process. By Art 5 of the
Model Law, the court is prohibited from interfering in matters governed by the
Model Law except to the extent it expressly allows such intervention.
Accordingly, in Singapore the court cannot interfere in this process except as
specifically set out in the Model Law and the IAA.

27 In relation to jurisdictional questions, Art 16 of the Model Law, as noted
earlier, confers on an arbitral tribunal a power to rule on its own
jurisdiction including any objections with respect to the existence of the
arbitration agreement. Under sub-Art (3), a plea that the tribunal has no
jurisdiction may be ruled on either as a preliminary question or in an award
on the merits. The article further provides that if the tribunal makes a
ruling as a preliminary question that it has jurisdiction, either party may
within 30 days thereafter apply to the court to decide the matter. On the
other hand, if the tribunal rules that it has jurisdiction as part of an award
on the merits, the objecting party may apply under Art 34(2)(_a_)(i) to set
aside the award on the ground that there was no jurisdiction because no
arbitration agreement existed (see _PT First Media TBK v Astro Nusantara
International BV_ [2014] 1 SLR 372 at [156]). The drafters of the Model Law
thus did not rule out recourse to court on the issue of jurisdiction but took
care to provide that this issue would first be determined by the tribunal and
would only be considered by the court after the tribunal had come to a
decision. The drafters of the Model Law did consider whether court
determination of the jurisdiction issue should be allowed prior to the
tribunal’s own decision and, at one point in time, a draft article providing
for concurrent court control was included in the draft of the Model Law.
Subsequently, however, this draft article was deleted for the purpose of
preventing dilatory tactics and obstruction of the arbitral process (see
_Yearbook of the UN Commission on International Trade Law, 1985_ , Vol XVI, at
p 122, paras 12–13).

28 I therefore accept that under the regime established by the Model Law,
generally the court’s consideration of whether an arbitration tribunal has
jurisdiction or not must come after the tribunal’s own examination of the
issue. I also accept that the tribunal’s powers in relation to the issue are
wide because it can consider not only validity but also the very existence of
the arbitration agreement. However, the true interpretation of s 6(1) impacts
on whether in this case it is mandatory for me to stay the court proceedings.

29 Mr Daniel seeks to persuade me that if the very existence of an arbitration
agreement is in question, it must be the court that considers this issue
first. He drew my attention to a commentary in _Russell on Arbitration_ (Sweet
& Maxwell, 23rd Ed, 2007) at para 2-012, which reads:

… By contrast, where it was alleged that the signature of one of the parties
to the matrix contract had been forged, and hence no matrix contract or
agreement to arbitrate had been reached, then this was a question going to
whether there was any agreement ever reached and would be decided by the
court.

30 The plaintiff says that this principle was applied by the English High
Court in _Nigel Peter Albon (trading as N A Carriage Co) v Naza Motor Trading
Sdn Bhd and anor_ [2007] 2 All ER 1075 (“ _Albon_ ”) where the respondent
contended that a purported joint venture agreement with the claimant was a
forgery and, on that ground, refused to participate in the arbitration
proceedings which were commenced by the claimants. It was stated in _Albon_ at
[20] that “[w]hilst the doctrine of ‘ _Kompetenz-Kompetenz_ ’ … provides that
the arbitral tribunal shall have jurisdiction to determine whether the
arbitration agreement was ever concluded, it does not preclude the court
itself from determining that question”.

31 Mr Daniel also noted that a local author has argued that “[i]f the facts
and legal arguments impinge directly on the validity of the arbitration
agreement, [for example], forgery of the main contract that contains the
arbitration agreement – there is no _a priori_ reason why the courts should
defer entirely to the principle of _kompetenz-kompetenz_ ” (see Nicholas Poon,
“The Use and Abuse of Anti-Arbitration Injunctions: A Way Forward for
Singapore” (2013) 25 SAcLJ 244 at para 18).

32 The _Albon_ case requires a closer look. It was decided in the English High
Court by Lightman J on the issue of whether to grant a stay of court
proceedings an application made under s 9(1) of the Arbitration Act 1996 (c
23) (UK) (“English Act”). Although the language is not identical, s 9 of the
English Act is the equivalent of s 6 of the IAA and s 9(1) allows a party to
an arbitration agreement against whom legal proceedings are brought in respect
of a matter which under the agreement is to be referred to arbitration to
apply for a stay of the court proceedings. Under s 9(4), on an application
being made, the court “shall grant a stay unless satisfied that the
arbitration agreement is null and void …”.

33 Lightman J considered that on an application for a stay under s 9(1) if the
issue arose whether the arbitration agreement was ever concluded and that
issue could not be resolved on the written evidence before the court, the
question was whether the court can or should give directions for the
resolution of that issue by the court or can or should grant the stay so as to
enable the issue to be resolved in the arbitration (at [13]). In his judgment,
the language of s 9(1) established two threshold requirements. The first was
that there had been concluded an arbitration agreement and that the second was
that the issue in the proceedings was a matter which under the arbitration
agreement was to be referred to arbitration. Unless the court was satisfied
that both these conditions were satisfied, the court could not grant a stay
under s 9 (at [14]). The judge noted that the English Court of Appeal in the
case of _Ahmad Al-Naimi (t/a Buildmaster Construction Services) v Islamic
Press Agency Inc_ [2000] 1 Lloyd’s LR 522 (“ _Al-Naimi_ ”) had ruled that in a
case where the conclusion of the arbitration agreement was an issue, there
were four options open to the court:

(a) (where it is possible to do so) to decide the issue on the available
evidence presently before the court that the arbitration agreement was made
and grant the stay;

(b) to give directions for the trial by the court of the issue;

(c) to stay the proceedings on the basis that the arbitrators will decide the
issue; and

(d) (where it is possible to do so) to decide the issue on the available
evidence that the arbitration agreement was not made and dismiss the
application for a stay.

These guidelines established that on an application under s 9(1) of the
English Act, the court can try to and should decide the issue whether the
arbitration agreement was concluded, but if it was not able to resolve the
issue on the available evidence, the court could still stay the proceedings so
that the arbitrators could decide the issue but only by exercising its
inherent jurisdiction and not by exercising any jurisdiction under s 9.

34 Accordingly, it appeared to Lightman J that the English position was that
if there was not sufficient evidence before the court to decide the issue of
whether an arbitration agreement had been concluded, one way or the other,
there was no room for the grant of a mandatory stay under s 9(4). Jurisdiction
under s 9 to grant a stay would only arise if and when the issue was resolved
in favour of the conclusion of the arbitration agreement (at [23]). In the
case before him, he was not able to resolve the issue of the genuineness of
the joint venture agreement containing the purported arbitration agreement on
the evidence before the court. He held, therefore, that he had no jurisdiction
to grant a stay under s 9. The judge did not state expressly what standard of
proof he was applying in order to arrive at his conclusion but it can be
inferred that it was the usual civil standard of the balance of probabilities.
Thus, at that stage, the evidence adduced by the applicants for the stay did
not establish that the respondent had signed the arbitration agreement and
that his signature was not a forgery (as he contended).

35 Although important phrases used in ss 9(1) and (4) of the English Act are
equivalent to phrases used in ss 6(1) and (2) of the IAA, the context of the
two sections is not the same. As I stated above, the IAA was enacted to
incorporate the Model Law as part of the law of Singapore and the Model Law
strictly circumscribes court intervention in arbitral proceedings. The IAA
deals solely with international arbitration and we have a separate piece of
legislation dealing with domestic arbitration in which the grounds for court
intervention in arbitral proceedings are somewhat wider. The English Act,
however, covers both international and domestic arbitration proceedings.
Whilst it was based on the Model Law, it has not incorporated the Model Law
wholesale (for example, there is no equivalent to Art 5) and has some
significantly different features. Relevant in this context is s 30 of the
English Act which, while conferring power on the arbitral tribunal to rule on
its own substantive jurisdiction, also allows the parties to the arbitration
agreement to opt out of this provision. Secondly, by s 32 of the English Act,
the court may, on the application of a party to arbitral proceedings,
determine any question as to the substantive jurisdiction of the tribunal.
Although such application will not be considered unless it is made with the
agreement in writing of all the other parties to the proceedings, or with the
permission of the tribunal, its presence in the English Act is indicative of a
somewhat different approach to the court’s involvement in arbitral
proceedings.

36 Bearing in mind the differences in the regimes governing international
arbitration in Singapore and in England, I do not think it will be correct for
me to fully take on board the approach of the English courts as set out in
_Albon_ and _Al-Naimi_. The regime in force here gives primacy to the tribunal
although, of course, the court still has an important role to play. If I were
to hold that, in a situation where the conclusion of the arbitration agreement
is in issue, the jurisdiction in s 6(2) to stay the court proceedings would
not bite unless I could conclude, on the basis of the usual civil standard,
that the arbitration agreement had been entered into, I would be imposing too
high a burden on the party seeking the implementation of the arbitration
agreement. I consider that it would satisfy the rights of both parties if the
party applying for the stay was able to show on a _prima facie_ basis that the
arbitration agreement existed. The matter would then go to the tribunal to
decide whether such existence could be established on the usual civil standard
and then, if any party was dissatisfied with the tribunal’s decision, such
party could come back to the court for the last say on the issue. In another
case regarding a tribunal’s jurisdiction, albeit a different aspect not
involving the formation of the arbitration agreement, the Court of Appeal
observed that it was only in the _clearest_ case that the court should decide
that there was no jurisdiction instead of remitting the matter to the tribunal
for an initial decision (see _Tjong Very Sumito v Antig Investments Pte Ltd_
[2009] 4 SLR(R) 732 at [22]–[24]).

37 I note that “Commentary to the UNCITRAL Model Law” by Stavros L Brekoulakis
and Laurence Shore in _Concise International Arbitration_ , Loukas A Mistelis
(ed) (Kluwer Law International, 2010) (“the Commentary”) indicates at pp
601–602 that there have been other national courts which have given priority
to the arbitral tribunal to decide the issue of existence of an arbitration
agreement, holding that evidence that an arbitration agreement existed _prima
facie_ only would be enough for the courts to refer the issue to the tribunal
for final determination. The Commentary also notes (at p 602) that other
national courts have taken the contrary position. Whilst I recognise that
there is some degree of logical discomfort in the notion that an arbitral
tribunal can be given authority to decide on its jurisdiction when it may end
up deciding that because one party did not sign it, no arbitration agreement
ever existed and therefore in fact the tribunal had no authority to decide the
question, I think that having accepted and given effect to the principle of “
_kompetenz-kompetenz_ ” for so many years we must disregard that discomfort.
Otherwise we may find ourselves drawing finer and finer distinctions between
situations in which the principle applies and situations in which it does not.

Have the defendants made out a _prima facie_ case that the plaintiff signed
the Guarantee?

38 The defendants rely on the following as _prima facie_ evidence that the
plaintiff signed the arbitration agreement:

(a) The executed version of the Guarantee was forwarded to the defendants’
then solicitors, M/s Lee & Lee (“L&L”), by A&G, who had acted for the Borrower
and PV in relation to the loan and security documents. L&L had communicated
with A&G regarding the late provision of the Guarantee signed by the
plaintiff. It is not clear whether A&G were acting for the plaintiff herself
but it is indisputable that they were involved in the transaction on behalf of
the Borrower and PV and therefore the fact that they furnished the document
ostensibly signed by the plaintiff was an assurance as to the genuineness of
such document.

(b) After the Borrower defaulted in late payment of the loan, the plaintiff
met with the third defendant and also communicated with her then solicitors in
relation to a proposed purchase of XPL. There was no reason for the plaintiff
to have such communications if she had no knowledge of the transaction.

(c) When the defendants first informed the plaintiff by the solicitor’s letter
dated 2 November 2014 that they will enforce the Guarantee, the plaintiff did
not dispute the existence of the Guarantee or her obligation to pay.
Subsequently, she agreed to mediation as communicated by letter from her
solicitors O&B.

(d) The defendants had obtained and adduced the expert evidence of Mr Pang
Chan Kok William (“Mr Pang”), a handwriting and forensic documents expert. Mr
Pang had examined eight specimen signatures of the plaintiff, including the
one on the Guarantee, and had opined that there were a number of attributes
within the handwriting of the questioned signature that were consistent with
the specimen signatures and there was enough material to warrant undertaking
further comparison of the questioned signature with other specimens of the
plaintiff’s signatures and handwriting.

39 The plaintiff’s response was that she had not signed the Guarantee and that
it was significant that the defendants had not adduced any evidence to rebut
that position other than their statement of their belief that she had done so.
No direct evidence of any sort had been adduced. It should be noted that the
plaintiff’s position that she did not sign the Guarantee was set out in the
Statement of Defence in SIAC 24, in the Statement of Claim in this action and
in an affidavit which she filed in support of her application for the
injunction.

40 Evaluating the evidence, I have concluded that the defendants have made out
a _prima facie_ case that the Guarantee was signed by the plaintiff despite
her protestations otherwise. First, the signed copy of the Guarantee was
provided to the defendants by solicitors representing the plaintiff’s husband
PV and the Borrower. The defendants submitted that A&G were the plaintiff’s
solicitors as well but there is no evidence of this. Nevertheless, the fact
that the signed document was provided by a firm of solicitors that was acting
for parties who were definitely involved in the transaction gives the
Guarantee a proper provenance. Second, the Borrower and PV are, obviously, not
strangers to the plaintiff and it would not be irrational or completely
abnormal or unusual for her to provide a guarantee of the Borrower’s
obligations. Third, after the defendants first indicated to the plaintiff that
there had been an event of default by the Borrower, her response was to
indicate an interest in taking over XPL. She did not at that stage deny any
knowledge of the transaction or that she had signed the Guarantee.
Subsequently, she met up with the third defendant. Later, after the letter of
demand was issued to her, her solicitors were discussing possible mediation
with the defendants’ solicitors. It was not until May 2015, after SIAC 24 was
started, that the assertion that she had not signed the Guarantee was made.
This was extremely late for such a position to be taken and casts doubt on its
truth. I have also taken into consideration that it is only the plaintiff’s
word that she did not sign the Guarantee and she has shown herself to be
capable of misrepresenting the true position. Further, there is some
independent evidence that the signature on the Guarantee could be hers and
there is no independent evidence that the signature on the Guarantee is not
hers. Contrary to the plaintiff’s contention, it is she rather than the
defendants who desires the court to act on a bare assertion.

41 The conclusion I have come to is only a _prima facie_ one. When the
evidence is explored in full and the relevant persons have testified and been
cross-examined, a different picture may emerge. It remains possible that the
eventual conclusion reached may be that the plaintiff did not sign the
Guarantee.

42 I have held, however, that at this stage it is only necessary for me to be
satisfied on a _prima facie_ basis that an arbitration agreement exists.
Having reached that conclusion, the defendants are, _prima facie_ , parties to
an arbitration agreement and entitled to make an application for a stay under
s 6. Further, I must grant that stay application unless I am satisfied that
the arbitration agreement is null and void, inoperative or incapable of being
performed. I am satisfied that none of those situations exist here. As
Lightman J observed in _Albon_ , the formulation “null and void” means “devoid
of legal effect” which would be the result of the agreement being procured by
duress, mistake, fraud or waiver. It does not apply to a situation in which no
agreement was concluded at all. Further, for an arbitration agreement to be
“inoperative”, it must have been concluded but for some reason ceased to have
legal effect (see _Albon_ at [18]).

Conclusion

43 For the reasons given above, I dismiss the plaintiff’s application for an
interim injunction and allow the defendants’ application for a stay of this
action. I therefore make an order that any and all proceedings in this court
with respect to HC/Suit No 792 of 2015 and HC/Summons No 3763 of 2015 shall be
stayed pending the full and final determination of SIAC 24.

44 I will hear the parties on costs.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 27 Aug 2015 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

