Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  The “Xin Chang Shu”  
[2015] SGHCR 17

Case Number| :| ADM No 239 of 2014 (Summons Nos 6218 of 2014 and 6364 of 2014)  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 11 August 2015  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Teo Guan Kee AR  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Lawrence Teh and Khoo Eu Shen (Rodyk & Davidson LLP) for
the plaintiff; Toh Kian Sing, S.C. and Miss Koh See Bin (Rajah & Tann
Singapore LLP) for the defendant.  
Parties| :|  BIG PORT SERVICE DMCC — THE OWNERS OF THE SHIP OR VESSEL "XIN
CHANG SHU"  
  
11 August 2015| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Teo Guan Kee AR:

1 Following the issuance of the Writ _in rem_ in this action on 19 November
2014, on an _ex parte_ application by the plaintiff, a Warrant of Arrest (the
“**Warrant of Arrest** ”) in respect of the vessel “Xin Chang Shu” (the
“**Vessel** ”) was issued by the Assistant Registrar (the “**AR** ”) and the
Vessel was arrested in Singapore on 10 December 2014.

2 The Vessel was released on 12 December 2014 following the provision (under
protest) of security in the sum of US$2,600,000 by the Defendant by way of
payment into Court.

3 Shortly thereafter, on 15 December 2014, the Plaintiff filed Summons No.
6218 of 2014 for these proceedings to be stayed in favour of arbitration.

4 On its part, the Defendant, on 29 December 2014, filed Summons 6364 of 2014,
seeking orders for:

(a) the Warrant of Arrest to be set aside;

(b) the Writ _in rem_ to be struck out and/or set aside; and/or

(c) damages for wrongful arrest.

5 After hearing parties, on 9 July 2015, I dismissed Summons 6218 and allowed
Summons 6364 in part. I now set out the grounds for my decision in these
summonses.

Background

6 The Plaintiff, Big Port Service DMCC, commenced this action on 19 November
2014 against the Defendant, China Shipping Container Lines, seeking payment of
sums allegedly due from the Defendant to the Plaintiff arising out of the
supply of 4,000 metric tonnes (“**MT** ”) of marine bunker fuel to the Vessel.
The Vessel was at all material times owned by the Defendant.

7 The background to the supply of the bunkers to the Vessel is as follows:

(a) On or about 24 September 2014, one of the Plaintiff’s employees, Mr Maxim
Verbin, was contacted by Ms Daria Kuznetsova, a bunker trader in the employ of
OW Bunker Far East (Singapore) Pte Ltd (“**OW Singapore** ”), requesting a
quotation for the supply of 3,000 to 4,000 MT of marine bunker fuel to the
Vessel at Kavkaz, Russia.

(b) Following the request, on 24 September 2014, Mr Verbin sent an email to Ms
Kuznetsova essentially offering the options of having 3,200 MT of fuel
delivered to the Vessel on one barge or alternatively 4,000 MT of fuel
delivered on 2 separate barges.

(c) It was eventually agreed between Ms Kuznetsova and Mr Verbin on 25
September that 4,000 MT of marine bunker fuel would be delivered to the Vessel
by the Plaintiff at a price of USD 442 per MT (the “**Plaintiff-OW Singapore
Agreement** ”).

(d) During the same period, the Defendant was in communications with a company
known as OW Bunker China Limited (“**OW China** ”), seeking to have the Vessel
supplied with marine bunker fuel.

(e) On 26 September 2014, agreement was reached between OW China and the
Defendant for the Vessel to be supplied with 4,000 MT of marine bunker fuel at
USD 469 per MT (the “**Defendant-OW China Agreement** ”).

(f) Separately, there was a further agreement between OW China and OW
Singapore for the sale of 4,000 MT by OW Singapore to OW China at USD 445 per
MT, to be delivered to the Vessel at Kavkaz.

(g) 4,000 MT of marine bunker fuel was physically supplied to the Vessel at
the port of Kavkaz on or about 1 November 2014 (the “**Supply** ”).

The Plaintiff’s case

8 The Plaintiff submits that OW Singapore, in entering into the Plaintiff-OW
Singapore Agreement, was doing so as an agent for the Defendant and that
accordingly the Defendant was bound by the terms of any agreement agreed
between OW Singapore and the Plaintiff in respect of the Supply.

9 Accordingly, the Plaintiff submits that it was entitled to arrest the Vessel
pursuant to section 4(4) read with section 3(1)(l) of the High Court Admiralty
Jurisdiction Act (Cap 123, the “**HCAJA** ”).

The Defendant’s case

10 The Defendant denies the existence of any contract between itself and the
Plaintiff. Instead, the Defendant asserts that:

(a) the Defendant had contracted with OW China on or about 26 September 2014
to purchase 4,000 MT of marine bunker fuel from OW China;

(b) OW China had in turn contracted with OW Singapore to purchase 4,000 MT of
marine bunker fuel from OW Singapore; and

(c) thus it was OW Singapore, and not the Defendant, which was the purchaser
of the bunker fuel under the Plaintiff-OW Singapore Agreement. The Defendant
was only the purchaser of the bunker fuel under the Defendant-OW China
Agreement.

The Applications

The Stay Application

11 Summons 6218 of 2014 (the “**Stay Application** ”) is the Plaintiff’s
application for this action to be stayed in favour of arbitration, pursuant to
an arbitration clause contained in the Plaintiff’s “General Terms and
Conditions for Sale and Delivery Marine Bunkers from Big Port Service DMCC”
(the “**GTC** ”).

12 Before me, counsel for the Defendant did not dispute that:

(a) the GTC contains an arbitration clause, the scope of which would cover the
dispute between the Plaintiff and the Defendant;

(b) the GTC was incorporated into the terms of any agreement that the
Plaintiff may be found to have entered into in relation to the Supply (it
being the Defendant’s position that no such agreement was entered into by the
Plaintiff with the Defendant); and

(c) the Plaintiff is ready and willing to proceed to arbitration.

13 The Defendant’s objection to the Stay Application centres on whether there
was in fact an agreement between the Plaintiff and the Defendant into which
the GTC (and the arbitration clause) was incorporated.

14 The Stay Application will be considered together with the Defendant’s
application to strike out the Writ herein pursuant to O 18 r 19 of the Rules
of Court (see below) as the existence of an agreement between the Plaintiff
and the Defendant is an issue common to these two applications.

The Striking-out Application

15 Summons 6364 of 2014 (the “**Striking-Out Application** ”) is the
Defendant’s application for this action to be struck out or, alternatively,
for the arrest of the Vessel to be set aside.

16 The Defendant’s application herein is premised on three distinct grounds:

(a) The Writ of Summons and action herein should be struck out as being
frivolous, vexatious, oppressive or otherwise an abuse of process pursuant to
O 18 r 19(1) of the Rules of Court (the “**Sustainability Objection** ”).

(b) The Warrant of Arrest should be set aside as the Plaintiff failed to
satisfy a requirement of section 4(4) of the HCAJA (the “**Jurisdiction
Objection** ”).

(c) The Warrant of Arrest should be set aside as the Plaintiff failed to
discharge its duty of full and frank disclosure at the hearing of its
application for a warrant of arrest (the “**Arrest Hearing** ”) to be issued
against the Vessel (the “**Disclosure Objection** ”).

17 Each of the aforementioned grounds raised by the Defendant will now be
considered in turn.

The Sustainability Objection

18 The Defendant submits that the Plaintiff’s action herein should be struck
out, pursuant to O 18 r 19 of the Rules of Court or the Court’s inherent
jurisdiction, on the ground that the arrest of the Vessel was frivolous,
vexatious, oppressive or otherwise an abuse of process.

19 In this regard, the parties did not dispute that I am entitled to strike
out the action as being frivolous or vexatious if it is plainly or obviously
unsustainable.

20 In the decision of the Court of Appeal in _The Bunga Melati 5_ , it was
held [at [39]) that there are two ways in which an action could be said to be
unsustainable:

(a) _legally unsustainable_ : if “it may be clear as a matter of law at the
outset that even if a party were to succeed in proving all the facts that he
offers to prove he will not be entitled to the remedy that he seeks”;

(b) _factually unsustainable_ : if it is “possible to say with confidence
before trial that the factual basis for the claim is fanciful because it is
entirely without substance, [for example, if it is] clear beyond question that
the statement of facts is contradicted by all the documents or other material
on which it is based”.

21 It will be recalled that the existence of an agent-principal relationship
underpins the Plaintiff’s entire action herein because the Plaintiff did not
at any time communicate directly with the Defendant.

22 If, therefore, the Plaintiff is unable to show a good arguable case for the
existence of such an agent-principal relationship between the Defendant and OW
Singapore (being the party which concluded the agreement with the Plaintiff),
whether as a matter of law or fact, the Plaintiff’s claim would be
unsustainable.

23 For the reasons set out below, I find that the Plaintiff’s claim herein is
neither legally nor factually sustainable.

Legal unsustainability

24 An agent-principal relationship may arise in one of several ways, dependent
upon the manner in which an agent has been or is deemed to have been clothed
with the authority to act on behalf of his principal.

25 In this regard, before me, the Plaintiff did not suggest that the Defendant
had expressly conferred authority on OW Singapore to act on behalf of the
Defendant in relation to the Supply. The Plaintiff also did not suggest that
OW Singapore was vested with any usual or customary implied authority to bind
the Defendant to the Plaintiff-OW Singapore Agreement since there is no
evidence of any commercial relationship in respect of the Supply between the
Defendant and OW Singapore and hence no basis for implied authority premised
upon, say, custom or a course of dealing.

26 Instead, the Plaintiff’s submission on the issue of authority before me was
that the Defendant, by its conduct, represented to the Plaintiff that OW
Singapore was the Defendant’s agent in respect of the Supply. Therefore, the
Plaintiff submits, the Defendant is estopped from denying such representation,
which thenceforth clothed OW Singapore with _apparent_ authority to conclude
the Plaintiff-OW Singapore Agreement as an agent of the Defendant.

27 To further elaborate, the Defendant submitted in its written submissions
that:

apparent authority is represented through the allowance by a principal of a
state of affairs that gives the party transacting with the agent the
impression that the agent is authorized to represent the principal.

28 In support of the above-proposition, the Defendant cited the judgment of
Robert Goff LJ in the Court of Appeal of England and Wales (the Defendant’s
written submissions suggest that this was part of the judgment of the House of
Lords but this is incorrect) in _Armagas Ltd v Mundogas SA_ [1986] 1 AC 717 at
731, where the Judge opined that:

The representation which creates ostensible authority may take a variety of
forms; but the most common is a representation by conduct, by permitting the
agent to act in some way in the conduct of the principal’s business with other
persons, and thereby representing that the agent has the authority which an
agent so acting in the conduct of his principal’s business usually has.

29 The Plaintiff also referred to the English decision of _Crabb v Dunn_
[1976] 1 Ch 179 at 193D, where it was said that

…those to whom a defendant entrusts the conduct of negotiation must be treated
as having the authority, which, within the course of the negotiations, they
purport to exercise.

30 The Plaintiff submitted that the alleged conduct of the Defendant set out
below amounted to a representation or holding out by the Defendant of OW
Singapore’s authority to act on behalf of the Defendant:

(a) the Defendant permitted OW Singapore’s Ms Daria Kuznetsova to negotiate
with the Plaintiff on the commercial as well as technical aspects of the
Supply.

(b) the Defendant did not take any steps to inform OW China that it was not to
hold itself out as an agent of the Defendant in relation to the Supply and
thereby held out or permitted OW Singapore and/or OW China to be held out as
its agents.

(c) the Defendant apparently made available the Vessel for the stemming of the
bunkers in the manner agreed on between the Plaintiff and OW Singapore.

31 I should state at the outset that, insofar as the proposition in paragraph
30(b) is concerned, in my view whether OW China was the Defendant’s agent is
irrelevant since, even on the Plaintiff’s own case, OW China was not a party
to the Plaintiff-OW Singapore Agreement.

32 Insofar as the submission that the Defendant allegedly permitted OW
Singapore to negotiate the Plaintiff-OW Singapore Agreement was concerned, one
obstacle to the Plaintiff’s submission is the undisputed fact that the
Defendant was, until well after the Plaintiff-OW Singapore Agreement was
concluded, wholly unaware of the involvement of OW Singapore in the chain of
transactions that led to the Supply to the Vessel, because the Defendant had
corresponded with only OW China in relation to the Supply.

33 To overcome this, the Plaintiff’s counsel submitted that if a purchaser of
bunkers permits a bunker trader to carry on and conclude negotiations with a
third party for the supply of bunkers and does not instruct that bunker trader
to ensure that it does not act in a way that conveys the impression that it is
contracting as the purchaser’s agent, that purchaser will have clothed the
bunker trader with ostensible authority, even if the purchaser was wholly
unaware of the involvement of the bunker trader in question.

34 At the hearings before me, the Plaintiff’s counsel was unable to furnish
any authority in support of this proposition.

35 Nevertheless, an absence of supporting authority may not be sufficient to
justify striking out a claim. The approach of the Court of Appeal in _The
Bunga Melati 5_ is instructive in this regard.

36 _The Bunga Melati 5_ was a case in which the plaintiff, Equatorial Marine
Fuel Management Services Pte Ltd (“**Equatorial** ”) a company in the business
of supplying bunkers, sought payment for bunkers supplied, through middlemen,
directly from the owners of the vessel to which bunkers were supplied, MISC
Berhad (“**MISC** ”).

37 As is the case here, in _The Bunga Melati 5_ , one key issue was whether
one of the middlemen who brokered the transaction, a company known as Market
Asia Link Sdn Bhd (“**MAL** ”), had been held out by MISC as its agent in
respect of the transaction.

38 In _The Bunga Melati 5_ , the Court of Appeal held that on the facts before
it, Equatorial’s action against MISC was neither factually nor legally
unsustainable and therefore should not be struck out under O 18 r 19 of the
Rules of Court.

39 On the issue of factual unsustainability, the Court of Appeal felt that the
claim was not factually unsustainable for lack of a representation by MISC of
MAL’s authority. The Court of Appeal reached this decision because:

(a) one of Equatorial’s representatives had deposed that an employee of MISC
had informed him that MAL was effectively its agent;

(b) there was evidence that MISC routinely directed bunker suppliers to
contact MAL instead and this was not controverted by MISC.

40 On the issue of legal unsustainability, the Court of Appeal considered
Equatorial’s argument that MISC’s conduct gave rise to an agency by estoppel
between MISC and MAL and found that this was not legally unsustainable.

41 In coming to this conclusion, one issue which the Court of Appeal had to
consider was Equatorial’s submission that an alleged representation made by a
representative of MISC in 2006 still remained operative so as to amount to a
holding by MISC as to MAL’s authority to enter into the agreement forming the
subject matter of _The Bunga Melati 5_ , even though the agreement was only
entered into in 2008.

42 In this regard, the Court of Appeal stated, at [61] of its judgment, that:

61…

**Although the appellant did not cite any authority which positively
established the proposition it sought to rely on** (ie, that representations
of a general nature can be continuing unless withdrawn as well), **we were
unable to dismiss the proposition as being legally unsustainable summarily**.
In our provisional view, it would be surprising indeed should the law require
a principal to make repetitive representations to a long-term business
counterparty as to the authority of the same agent for each separate
transaction before “agency by estoppel” could be established

62 Crucially, this provisional view of ours is not intended to be binding on
any court – least of all the trial court which would be hearing this case –
since we did not have the opportunity to hear the parties fully on this issue.
In our view, **even if the appellant should eventually be held to have been
mistaken on this legal element, the arguments it had mounted certainly
sufficed to establish “a point of law which require[d] serious argument”**
(Singapore Civil Procedure 2007 ([32] supra) at para 18/19/6; _Oh Thevesa v
Sia Hok Chai_ [1992] 1 MLJ 215).

(Emphasis added in bold)

43 The Court of Appeal then went on to give examples of claims which it said
were legally unsustainable. It highlighted, at [70] of its judgment, a group
of three cases where

…a bunker supplier, albeit having contracted with a time-charterer for the
sale of bunkers, has sought to argue that the ship-owner or the demise
charterer was the principal of the time-charterer, and should therefore be
liable for the bunkers supplied.

44 The Court of Appeal in _The Bunga Melati 5_ then went on to note that
claims brought in the aforementioned context were almost always set aside or
struck out and, significantly for our purposes, opined that this was because
such claims were based on a “legally unsustainable” proposition (that a ship-
owner by its mere act of receiving bunkers supplied) which ran counter to the
“universally accepted” basis of a time charter (that it is the time charterer
who is responsible for the provision of and payment for fuel). It then
concluded that Equatorial’s claim was distinguishable from claims in which it
was sought to characterise time charterers as the ship-owners agents since MAL
was not a time charterer but an independent third party and as such, the
allegation that MAL had contracted on behalf of MISC “could be” a legally
sustainable proposition.

45 The _absence_ of case law authority in support of the Plaintiff’s position
is therefore not sufficient on its own to strike out a claim on the ground of
legal unsustainability.

46 In this case, however, I am of the view that the claim put forward by the
Plaintiff is legally unsustainable because the claim is founded upon legal
submissions that run contrary to the requirements (enunciated in case law)
which must be satisfied before agency by estoppel can arise.

47 The Plaintiff’s claim of agency is based on the doctrine of agency by
estoppel, such estoppel allegedly arising out of a representation made by the
Defendant by way of its failure to instruct OW China that it as well as OW
Singapore was not to act as the Defendant’s agent.

48 As will be explained below, the Plaintiff’s argument is bound to fail
insofar as it suggests that estoppel by representation (in the form of the
Defendant’s inaction in this case) can arise even if:

(a) the Defendant was unaware that the Plaintiff was operating under a
mistaken belief that OW Singapore was allegedly acting as an agent of the
Defendant; and

(b) the Defendant was unaware of OW Singapore’s involvement in the Supply.

The Defendant’s lack of knowledge as to the Plaintiff’s mistaken belief

49 As to why the Plaintiff’s claim is bound to fail to the extent the
Plaintiff relies on the Defendant’s conduct as the basis for a representation
that OW Singapore was its agent, I begin with the decision of the Court of
Appeal in _Yongnam Development Pte Ltd v Somerset Development Pte Ltd_ [2004]
SGCA 35 (“** _Yongnam_** ”).

50 In _Yongnam_ , the Court cited with apparent approval the English decision
of _Willmott v Barber_ (1880) 15 Ch 96, in which Fry J set out five
prerequisites for “acquiescence to constitute estoppel”. The following passage
from the judgment of Fry J was one noted by the Court of Appeal in _Yongnam_ :

the defendant, the possessor of the legal right, must know of the plaintiff’s
mistaken belief of his rights. If he does not, there is nothing which calls
upon him to assert his own rights.

51 It is therefore a requirement, acknowledged by the Court of Appeal in
_Yongnam_ , that in order for estoppel by representation to arise out of an
alleged principal’s acquiescence to the conduct of its alleged agent, the
party against whom an estoppel is raised must know that the party seeking the
benefit of the estoppel was labouring under a mistaken belief.

52 Turning to the Plaintiff’s claim herein, I note that it is nowhere
suggested by the Plaintiff that the Defendant must have known that the
Plaintiff was labouring under a mistaken belief as to his rights under the
Plaintiff-OW Singapore Agreement (the mistaken belief being that the Plaintiff
would have a right of action under that agreement against the Defendant).
Further, the focus of the Plaintiff’s argument and evidence has been on the
Plaintiff’s _impression_ of the Defendant’s purported conduct and not on the
Defendant’s knowledge of the Plaintiff’s mistaken belief.

53 To the extent, therefore, that the Plaintiff’s argument posits that
estoppel by representation may arise even where the alleged representor is
unaware of the representee’s mistaken belief, I am of the view that this is
inconsistent with the established principle that such knowledge on the part of
the alleged representor is in fact required, and is therefore legally
unsustainable.

The Defendant’s lack of awareness as to OW Singapore’s involvement in the
Supply

54 Separately, the Plaintiff’s submission is also legally unsustainable
insofar as it is submitted that if the Defendant did not wish to be bound by
the Plaintiff-OW Singapore Agreement, it should have instructed OW Singapore
not to portray itself as an agent of the Defendant.

55 It bears repeating it is undisputed that the Plaintiff and the Defendant
had no direct contact of any kind up to and including the date on which the
Supply to the Vessel was carried out. No positive act was carried out by the
Defendant directed at the Plaintiff.

56 In particular, the Defendant’s alleged “conduct” as alleged by the
Plaintiff (as set out in paragraph 30 above), are merely instances of inaction
on the part of the Defendant paraphrased as positive acts on the part of the
Defendant. Accordingly, in substance the Plaintiff is relying on the
Defendant’s _inaction_ as constituting the conduct amounting to the
representation.

57 On this analysis, the Plaintiff’s case comes into conflict with the
established principle that no representation will be inferred from silence
unless the alleged principal is under a duty to disclose certain facts. In
this regard, counsel for the Defendant highlighted the following passage from
_The Law of Waiver, Variation and Estoppel_ by Sean Wilken QC and Karim Ghaly:

Inaction, or silence, by contrast with positive conduct or statement, is said
to be colourless: it cannot influence a person to act to his detriment unless
it acquires a positive content that entitles the representee to rely on it.
**This positive content is acquired by the imposition of a legal duty to
disclose some fact to another.** The duty to disclose must be owed to the
person seeking to raise the estoppel…

(Emphasis added)

58 In the course of the hearing on 24 March 2015, I expressly asked counsel
for the Plaintiff to refer me to any authority for the proposition that on the
facts here the Defendant could have been required to take steps to disabuse
third parties of the misconception that OW Singapore was its agent. Counsel
for the Plaintiff was unable to do so. Further, the Plaintiff’s case was not
even cast as one which required the imposition of such a duty on the
Defendant, which runs counter to the principle highlighted in the preceding
paragraph.

59 Further, in this case the Plaintiff faces an additional obstacle in that
the Defendant did not even communicate with OW Singapore for the Supply; it
contracted with OW China instead.

60 To address this issue, the Plaintiff suggested that the Defendant could
have instructed OW China not to portray itself as the Defendant’s agent and
that its failure to do so somehow constituted a holding out of OW Singapore as
the Defendant’s agent. To my mind, this is a complete _non sequitur_ and
accordingly need not be considered further.

Factual unsustainability

61 Alternatively, on another view of the Plaintiff’s claim, it is also
_factually_ unsustainable. This is because the evidence adduced militates
against the existence of facts which must be proved to exist in order for the
Plaintiff’s claim to succeed.

62 As highlighted earlier, it is essential that a plaintiff show, in a claim
founded upon estoppel by representation, that the alleged representor was
aware that the alleged representee was labouring under a mistaken belief.

63 Transposed to the facts of this case, this means that the Plaintiff must
show that the Defendant was aware that the Plaintiff mistakenly believed that
OW Singapore was an agent of the Defendant for the purpose of the Supply.
However, the evidence adduced by the parties clearly shows that the Plaintiff
will not be able to satisfy this requirement.

64 To begin with, the Defendant at all material times dealt with OW China and
not with OW Singapore.

65 The uncontroverted evidence is that there was no direct communication
between the Plaintiff and the Defendant until the Plaintiff contacted the
Defendant to assert its claim by way of its letter dated 12 November 2014;
this was well after the agreements pertaining to the Supply had been
concluded. The evidence of the Plaintiff’s Mr Maxim Verbin (the sales
executive of the Plaintiff who dealt with OW Singapore in relation to the
Supply) shows that he did not have any direct contact with the Defendant. To
the contrary, Mr Verbin’s own evidence is that he dealt only with OW Singapore
in relation to the Supply.

66 Mr Verbin’s affidavit evidence makes great play of the fact that OW
Singapore’s Ms Daria Kuznetsova was familiar with the Plaintiff’s GTC which
contained, _inter alia_ , a warranty to the effect that OW Singapore was
authorised as an agent of the Defendant in relation to the Supply. He also
suggested that OW Singapore would have been aware, based on past dealings with
the Plaintiff, that signing the Plaintiff’s Bunker Sales Confirmation would
give the Plaintiff the impression that OW Singapore was acting as the
Defendant’s agent in relation to the Supply. Mr Verbin’s affidavit is replete
with statements to the effect that OW Singapore appeared to the Plaintiff to
be the Defendant’s agents in respect of the Supply.

67 A similar assertion as to the authority of OW Singapore to bind the
Defendant is found in the evidence of the Plaintiff’s other witness, Mr John
Kevin Philips.[note: 1]

68 With respect, even taking the evidence of the Plaintiff’s witnesses at its
highest, there is nothing to show whatsoever that the Defendant was aware of
OW Singapore’s actions in entering into the Plaintiff-OW Singapore Agreement.
In particular, there is no basis for attributing Ms Kuznetsova’s knowledge of
the GTC (even assuming she had such knowledge) to the Defendant when the
Defendant had no knowledge of OW Singapore’s involvement in the Supply.

69 All that the evidence shows is the Plaintiff’s subjective state of mind as
regards the authority possessed by OW Singapore; as for the Defendant’s state
of mind, the _uncontroverted_ evidence in fact positively shows that, at the
time the agreements culminating in the Supply were being entered into, the
Defendant was completely unaware that OW Singapore was purchasing the bunkers
in question from the Plaintiff in order to resell this to OW China.[note: 2]

70 Separately, Mr Verbin also refers in paragraph 17 of his affidavit to Mr
John Kevin Philips’ affidavit as containing a “demonstration” of how OW
Singapore had control of every commercial and technical aspect of the Supply:

“from price, to quality, to quantity, to location, and so forth, through to
authorising the Plaintiff to arrange for and provide a local agent for the
Vessel in Kavkaz.”

71 With respect, Mr Philips’ evidence demonstrates no such thing. Taken at its
highest, Mr Philips’ evidence is no more than _consistent_ with the
Plaintiff’s suggestion that OW Singapore had control of the commercial and
technical aspects of the Supply. However, to submit that this means that OW
Singapore therefore had control of the Supply is to confuse correlation with
causation. The apparent “control” over the Supply allegedly enjoyed by OW
Singapore is equally consistent with a chain of back-to-back contracts entered
into for the Supply and therefore cannot amount to an unambiguous holding out
by the Defendant.

72 The Defendant has filed several affidavits explaining the chain of
contracts that gave rise to the Supply:

(a) On or about 26 September 2014, the Defendant entered into the Defendant-OW
China Agreement. This is evidenced by a chain of emails exchanged between the
representatives of the Defendant and OW China as well as a Bunker Order
Confirmation dated 26 September 2014 issued by OW China to the Defendant.
Under the Defendant-OW China Agreement, the Defendant was to pay OW China for
the bunkers supplied at a rate of USD 469 per metric tonne and the seller of
the bunkers was identified as OW China.

(b) In order to fulfil the requirements of the Defendant-OW China Agreement,
OW China entered into an agreement with OW Singapore for the purchase of the
same quantity of fuel at a rate of USD 445 per metric tonne. This is evidenced
by a Sales Order Confirmation issued by OW Singapore to OW China (not the
Defendant) dated 30 September 2014.

(c) On or about 30 September 2014 as well, OW Singapore concluded the
Plaintiff-OW Singapore Agreement for the sale and purchase of the same
quantity of bunkers for the Supply at a rate of USD 442 per metric tonne. This
is evidenced by the Plaintiff’s own Bunker Sales Confirmation dated 30
September 2014.

73 The authenticity and veracity of the contents of the contemporaneous
documents (being the emails and various sales confirmations exhibited in the
affidavits filed for the applications being considered) were not challenged by
the Plaintiff.

74 That being the case, a number of features present in the agreements
described above lend themselves to a finding that there was, in this case, a
chain of back-to-back sale and purchase agreements, without any overarching
agreement entered into between the Plaintiff and the Defendant via the agency
of OW Singapore:

(a) The unit rates set out on the sales confirmations issued by the Plaintiff,
OW Singapore and OW China respectively are all different and in each case
reflect the price mark-up that would be expected of parties making onward
sales of the bunkers to the final consumer as it were.

(b) There is no evidence that the sales documentation issued by the Plaintiff
was ever transmitted to the Defendant up to the point when the Plaintiff first
asserted its claim against the Defendant well after the Supply had taken
place. To the contrary, the uncontroverted evidence of the Defendant’s Qiao
Qiming is that “the Defendants were not aware of the involvement of either OW
Singapore or the Plaintiffs in the [Supply] until 12 November 2014, when the
Defendants received an email from the Plaintiff’s demanding payment…”[note: 3]

(c) None of the sales documentation issued by OW Singapore referred to the
Defendant as the buyer of the fuel. OW Singapore’s purchase confirmation to
the Plaintiff identifies itself and not the Defendant as the purchaser.

75 It would not be appropriate for me, at this interlocutory stage, to assess
the weight of the evidence adduced by the parties; the Plaintiff’s claim
should only be struck out if it is obviously unsustainable.

76 In order to succeed in its claim, this being a case in which the imposition
of apparent authority on OW Singapore (and of attendant liability on the
Defendant), the Plaintiff must show a good arguable case that the Defendant
was aware of the mistaken belief of the Plaintiff.

77 However, given that the Defendant’s uncontroverted evidence is that it
believed at all times that it was purchasing the bunker fuel from only OW
China, for the reasons set forth above, there simply does not seem to be any
room for a possible finding that the Defendant was aware that the Plaintiff
mistakenly believed that OW Singapore was acting as an agent of the Defendant
in the Supply. It follows that the Plaintiff’s claim is, in this sense,
factually unsustainable.

78 Given my view that the Plaintiff’s claim against the Defendant is obviously
unsustainable, I ordered that the writ and the claim herein be struck out
pursuant to O 18 r 19(1)(b) of the Rules of Court.

The Stay Application

79 My finding that the Plaintiff has not shown, on a good arguable case, the
existence of an agreement between the Plaintiff and the Defendant in relation
to the Supply also fatally undermines the Plaintiff’s Stay Application herein.

80 It is trite that before I can grant the Stay Application pursuant to
section 6 of the International Arbitration Act (Cap 143A, the “**IAA** ”), as
prayed for by the Plaintiff herein, it must be shown, _inter alia_ , that the
parties to this application are parties “to an arbitration agreement” (in the
words of section 6).

81 However, the Plaintiff need only show the existence of an arbitration
agreement between itself and the Defendant on a _good arguable case_. The
authority for this is the decision of _The Titan Unity_ [2013] SGHCR 28, which
the parties here both relied on.

82 The arbitration agreement which the Plaintiff relies on in support of the
Stay Application is allegedly found at Clause 18.1 of the GTC, which provides
that:

“18. Law and Jurisdiction

18.1 Should any dispute arise out of this Agreement, the dispute shall be
referred to a three person arbitration panel in the City of New York, one
person to be appointed by each of the parties hereto, and the third person by
the two so chosen; their decision or that of any two of them shall be final,
and for the purpose of enforcing any award, this agreement may be made a rule
of the Court. This Agreement shall first be governed by the Federal Maritime
Law of the United States. If an issue of state law shall govern an issue in
dispute, the laws of the State of New York shall apply. The proceedings shall
be conducted in accordance with the Rules of the Society of Maritime
Arbitrators, Inc. However, the choice of law is for the sole benefit of the
Seller and the Seller may apply and benefit from any law granting a maritime
lien and/or right to arrest the Vessel in any country as stipulated in Section
10 hereof.”

83 The Plaintiff submits that the above arbitration clause was incorporated
into the Plaintiff-OW Singapore Agreement because the Bunker Sales
Confirmation issued by the Plaintiff to OW Singapore in respect of the Supply
incorporated the GTC, and that since OW Singapore was contracting as an agent
of the Defendant, the Defendant is bound by the terms of the GTC including the
arbitration clause.

84 Given the case theory adopted by the Plaintiff as described in the
preceding paragraph, it will be apparent that the Defendant would only be
bound by the terms of Clause 18.1 if it was a party to and bound by the terms
of the Plaintiff-OW Singapore Agreement. However, since I have already found
that the Plaintiff has not demonstrated a good arguable case that the
Defendant was in fact a party to the Plaintiff-OW Singapore Agreement, it
follows that the Defendant has not shown, on a good arguable basis, that the
Plaintiff and the Defendants were parties to the arbitration agreement found
in Clause 18.1 of the GTC, which is itself part of the broader Plaintiff-OW
Singapore Agreement.

85 The Stay Application was therefore dismissed.

The Jurisdiction Objection

86 I turn now to consider whether, independently of my finding above that the
Plaintiff’s claim should be struck out pursuant to O 18 r 19(1)(b) of the
Rules of Court, the Plaintiff’s Writ of Summons herein should be set aside in
any event for failure to satisfy the requirements for invoking admiralty
jurisdiction under the HCAJA.

87 Section 4(4) of the HCAJA provides that:

**Mode of exercise of admiralty jurisdiction**

4.—(1)…

…

(4) In the case of any such claim as is mentioned in section 3(1)(d) to (q),
where —

(a) the claim arises in connection with a ship; and

(b) the person who would be liable on the claim in an action in personam
(referred to in this subsection as the relevant person) was, when the cause of
action arose, the owner or charterer of, or in possession or in control of,
the ship,

an action in rem may (whether or not the claim gives rise to a maritime lien
on that ship) be brought in the High Court against —

(i) that ship, if at the time when the action is brought the relevant person
is either the beneficial owner of that ship as respects all the shares in it
or the charterer of that ship under a charter by demise; or

(ii) any other ship of which, at the time when the action is brought, the
relevant person is the beneficial owner as respects all the shares in it.

88 The Court of Appeal in _The Bunga Melati 5_ [2012] SGCA 46 held at [112] of
its judgment that in order to invoke admiralty jurisdiction, a plaintiff must,
_inter alia_ ,

…

(c) identify, _without having to show in argument_ , the person who would be
liable on the claim in an action in personam [i.e. the “relevant person]
(“Step 3”);

89 The Court of Appeal made it clear in _The Bunga Melati 5_ that the
_invoking of admiralty jurisdiction_ under the HCAJA would not be fatally
undermined if a plaintiff is unable to prove on a good arguable case that the
alleged defendant was the relevant person (see [108] of the judgment).

90 Notwithstanding this, the Defendant’s counsel submitted that the Plaintiff
must still provide “some evidence” that the alleged Defendant is the “relevant
person”. My attention was drawn by Defendant’s counsel to the following
passages from the judgment of the Court of Appeal in _The Bunga Melati 5_ :

At [114] of the judgement:

While the assistant registrar hearing an _ex parte_ application for a warrant
of arrest should not be overly concerned with the merits or sustainability of
the plaintiff's action, he or she could still exercise discretion _not_ to
grant the warrant of arrest if _obviously insufficient or contradictory
documentary evidence_ have been adduced to show that the defendant is indeed
the "relevant person" under s 4(4) of the HCAJA…

At [117] of the judgment:

For that reason, an assistant registrar hearing an application for _a warrant
of arrest_ must act as the first "gatekeeper" against a completely
unmeritorious claim, by refusing to grant the warrant should the plaintiff's
claim be supported by _obviously insufficient or contradictory documentary
evidence_. However, we also caution that as it is not the role of the
assistant registrar _at that stage_ to determine the sustainability of the
plaintiff's action, he or she should refuse to grant leave in only plain cases
of processoral abuse.

91 The Court of Appeal gave an example of an application supported by
obviously insufficient or contradictory documentary evidence, stating at [114]
that:

To use an extreme example, had the appellant in this case chose to apply for a
warrant of arrest (although it did not actually do so) and yet did not
disclose either Mr Middleton's affidavit or the bunker confirmations
identifying the respondent as the "buyers" (see above at [7]), an assistant
registrar would have been justified in not granting the appellant a warrant of
arrest. This is because without these documents, the appellant would have
_absolutely no basis_ whatsoever to argue that the respondent was the party
liable for the bunkers supplied via the doctrine of agency by estoppel.

92 On this issue, Defendant’s counsel submitted as follows at paragraph 70 of
his written submissions of 4 March 2015:

On the facts, there is obviously insufficient or contradictory documentary
evidence to justify refusal of the grant of the warrant of arrest. The
Plaintiffs have absolutely no basis to argue that OW Singapore are agents of
the Defendants and are therefore unable to satisfy the evidential threshold
requirement under Section 4(4)(b) of the HC(AJ)A to justify the _warrant of
arrest_. Accordingly, the _admiralty jurisdiction of this Honourable Court was
improperly and invalidly invoked_. (Emphasis added)

93 With respect, I think the Defendant’s submissions, as framed in the above-
cited manner, conflated the two distinct issues of whether a _writ in rem_
should be set aside for want of jurisdiction under the HCAJA and whether a
_warrant of arrest_ should be set aside for failure to make full and frank
disclosure.

94 In my view, it is clear from _The Bunga Melati 5_ that the consideration of
whether a claim was founded upon obviously insufficient or contradictory
evidence does not form part of the process of considering whether admiralty
jurisdiction has been properly invoked. This is because:

(a) The Defendant’s submission that admiralty jurisdiction will not have been
properly invoked (and therefore the _writ in rem_ must be set aside), where
the evidence supporting the plaintiff’s assertion as to the identity of the
“relevant person” is obviously insufficient or contradictory, is difficult to
reconcile with the Court of Appeal’s repeated statements that:

(i) for the purposes of invoking admiralty jurisdiction, a plaintiff need only
“identify, without having to show in argument” who the “relevant person” is;
and

(ii) that a plaintiff need not show a good arguable case on the merits of its
claim to establish admiralty jurisdiction.

(b) A corollary of the submission described in (a) above is that the Court
must engage in an exercise, in considering whether a plaintiff’s claim is
supported by obviously insufficient or contradictory documentary evidence, of
considering whether a plaintiff’s evidence meets some _undefined_ standard of
proof which is _lower_ than that of a good arguable case where the
identification of the “relevant person” is concerned (since the Court in _The
Bunga Melati 5_ held that a plaintiff need not meet this threshold).

(c) The Court of Appeal does not state, in those portions of the judgment (in
particular from [114] to [117]) wherein it said that a _warrant of arrest_
might not be issued if there is obviously insufficient or contradictory
documentary, that in such circumstances the writ _in rem_ would also
accordingly be set aside.

95 For the purposes of considering whether the identity of the “relevant
person” has been established for jurisdictional purposes under section 4(4) of
the HCAJA, therefore, I am of the view that all I need have regard to is
whether the plaintiff has identified, without showing in argument, the
“relevant person”.

96 There is no need, therefore, in considering the issue of whether
jurisdiction has been properly invoked, for me to consider whether the
documentary evidence supporting such identification was obviously insufficient
or contradictory; _this latter requirement is only relevant to the issue of
whether the warrant of arrest was properly issued, premised on a plaintiff’s
duty to give full and frank disclosure in an application for a warrant of
arrest so as to safeguard against abuse of process (in the form of a claim
brought with absolutely no basis)_.

97 This siting of an AR’s role as a “gatekeeper” (to exclude claims supported
by obviously insufficient or contradictory documentary evidence) within the
framework of the duty of full and frank disclosure is consistent with the
decision of the Court of Appeal in _The Bunga Melati 5_ ; the Court there was
at pains to emphasise that it is not an AR’s role to determine the
“sustainability” of a plaintiff’s action on an _ex parte_ hearing, but it was
nevertheless the role of an AR to guard against plain cases of “processoral
abuse” such as where a plaintiff attempts to bring a claim supported by
obviously insufficient or contradictory documentary evidence (and in respect
of which, therefore, material facts to support the claim could not be said to
have been fully disclosed).[note: 4]

98 Another case which appears to support this approach is _The Eagle Prestige_
[2010] SGHC 93. At [75] of that judgment, Belinda Ang J noted that in _The
Vasiliy Golovnin_ [2008] 4 SLR(R) 994, the Court of Appeal had approved of the
proposition that:

… at the interlocutory stage _save for frivolous claims_ , the _in rem_
plaintiff need not establish at the outset that he has a cause of action
sustainable in law, and neither the existence of a good defence to a claim
would negate the court’s admiralty jurisdiction.

99 In the same paragraph, Ang J also stated that in her view,

the **non-disclosure of defences** that the defendant could raise at the trial
in answer to the plaintiff’s claim (as that pertains to the ultimate merits of
the action and the question of who is likely to win), are **_generally_****not
characterised as a failure to give full and frank disclosure**** _unless_**
(and this is the qualification (_ie_ , Situation 2) mentioned in _The St
Elefterio_ (see [56] above)) **they are**** _matters that show up the claim as
an abuse of process_** _, or one that it is so obviously frivolous and
vexatious as to be open to summary dismissal and, on any reasonable view,
their omission, at the application stage, is tantamount to or constitutes an
abuse of process_.

(Emphasis in bold added)

100 It therefore appears that Ang J viewed the consideration of defences that
might show up a claim as an abuse of process as one that should take place
within the framework of a plaintiff’s duty, on _an ex parte_ application for a
warrant of arrest, to make full and frank disclosure.

101 By virtue of the foregoing, the consideration of matters which could be
seen as showing up the claim as an abuse of process or as a “knock out blow”
(in the words of Ang J in _The Eagle Prestige_) or to a claim founded on
“obviously insufficient or contradictory documentary evidence” (in the words
of the Court of Appeal in _The Bunga Melati 5_) must necessarily speak, not to
the issue of jurisdiction (whether the writ _in rem_ should be set aside), but
to the issue of whether a plaintiff has complied with its duty of full and
frank disclosure (whether the _warrant of arrest_ should be set aside).

102 Approached in this way, the Jurisdiction Objection can be disposed of in
short order, because all that the Plaintiff is required to do is to have
identified, without showing in argument, the Defendant as being the person who
would liable on the claim in an action _in personam._

103 On the evidence, I find that the Plaintiff has met the requirement to
identify, without showing in argument, the Defendant as the “relevant person”.
In this regard, a large portion (see paragraphs 6 to 17) of Mr John Kevin
Philips’ affidavit filed in support of the application for a warrant of arrest
against the Vessel was taken up with setting out the Plaintiff’s case for
identifying the Defendant as the “relevant person” for the purposes of the
HCAJA as described earlier in these Grounds of Decision.

104 I therefore found that the Jurisdiction Objection had not been made out.

The Disclosure Objection

105 I turn now to consider the third ground upon which the Defendant’s counsel
sought to challenge the arrest of the Vessel by the Plaintiff.

106 It is well established that a plaintiff who applies for a warrant of
arrest against a vessel is under a duty to disclose to the court hearing the
application all matters within his knowledge which might be material even if
they are prejudicial to the plaintiff’s claim: see _The Vasiliy Golovnin_ at
[83].

107 The test of whether a fact is material or not is an objective one and
based solely on relevance: see _The Vasiliy Golovnin_ at [87]. A failure to
discharge the duty of full and frank disclosure can be an independent ground
for setting aside an arrest: see _The AA V_ [1999] 3 SLR(R) 664 at [47].

108 In considering whether a plaintiff has discharged his duty to give full
and frank disclosure, the court must not only be satisfied that the material
facts have been disclosed (the content and scope of disclosure), but also that
the disclosure has been _sufficient_ (the threshold of disclosure).

109 The Court of Appeal in _The Vasiliy Golovnin_ succinctly described the
first aspect of full and frank disclosure as a question of “what ought to have
been disclosed” (at [82] of the Judgement). The Court of Appeal then went on
to elaborate that what must be disclosed are the material facts, which need
not be strictly limited to facts which will have a determinative impact on the
court’s decision; a fact is material if it is a matter that the court should
take into consideration in making its decision (see _The Vasiliy Golovnin_ at
[87]).

110 As for the second aspect of disclosure, the Court of Appeal in the
_Vasiliy Golovnin_ held (at [91]) that the

mere disclosure of material facts without more or devoid of the proper context
is in itself plainly insufficient to constitute full and frank disclosure; the
threshold of the disclosure to be met is also crucial.

111 Accordingly, in order to cross the necessary threshold in the disclosure
of a material fact, an applicant’s counsel was expressly required to draw the
attention of the judge to the relevant papers (see the _Vasiliy Golovnin_ at
[94]).

112 Before me, counsel for the Defendant submitted that the Plaintiff had
failed to give disclosure of the following to the AR hearing the application
for the Warrant of Arrest, or had failed to give sufficient disclosure of the
same:[note: 5]

(a) The correspondence exchanged between the parties or their solicitors
showing that the Defendant had contracted with OW China for the Supply and had
denied any agency relationship with OW Singapore.

(b) The Purchase Order Confirmation issued by OW Singapore to the Plaintiffs.

(c) The fact that the proceedings herein are being brought to obtain security
in aid of New York arbitration.

Disclosure of the Defendant’s objection to the Plaintiff’s claim

113 Turning first to consider (a) and (b) above, it appears to me that these
are documents in support of material facts, rather than material facts _per
se_. Indeed, the Defendant’s written submissions reveal that in fact the
Defendant’s true objection is that its denial of the existence a contractual
relationship between the Plaintiff and the Defendant (and the basis for such
denial) was not properly disclosed during the Arrest Hearing.[note: 6] It was
further submitted that this objection, if properly disclosed, would have been
a “knock out blow” to the Plaintiff’s claim (and also showed that the
Plaintiff’s claim was supported by insufficient or contradictory evidence).

114 For reasons which I will elaborate on below, I am of the view that the
Plaintiff at the Arrest Hearing did adequately disclose the evidence of the
Defendant’s position to the AR, who nonetheless granted the Plaintiff’s
application.

115 Insofar as objections to a claim are concerned, in _The Eagle Prestige_
(at [84]), Belinda Ang J opined that what must be disclosed are

… matters (factual and/or legal) which are of such weight as to deliver the
“knock out blow” to the claim summarily, and their omission is likely to or
may mislead the court in the exercise of its discretionary powers of arrest.

116 On a related note, it has already been mentioned that in _The Bunga Melati
5_ , the Court of Appeal noted that an AR hearing an application for a warrant
of arrest _might_ not grant the application if “obviously insufficient or
contradictory documentary evidence” has been disclosed to show that the
defendant is the person who would be liable in an _in personam_ claim.

117 In this case, the facts pertaining to the defence raised by the Defendant
in response to the Plaintiff’s claim are referred to in paragraphs 24 and 25
of the affidavit of John Kevin Philips filed in support of the Plaintiff’s
application for the Warrant of Arrest, and set out in exhibit JKP-8 which is
expressly referred to in those paragraphs. In particular, I note that JKP-8
contains the following documents:

(a) An email from the Defendant’s Hong Kong solicitors, Messrs Stephenson
Harwood, stating, _inter alia_ , that

It is incorrect to claim that [OW Singapore] was our client’s agent. [OW
Singapore] is not and has never been our client’s agent. As mentioned by our
client in their email of 17 November 2014, our client’s contract was with [OW
China].

and also that

In our view, [the retention of title clauses in the GTC] is ineffective
against our client for various reasons, not least there is no contractual
relationship between your client and our client.

(b) A letter from the Defendant’s counsel herein dated 24 November 2014
stating, _inter alia_ , that

Our clients [ie. the Defendant] are not the party liable in personam for your
clients’ claim, and are under no obligation or liability to make payment to
you. Your clients’ remedy for non-payment of your invoice lies solely against
your contractual party, [OW China] or [OW Singapore] as the case may be. Our
clients are not concerned with, and are not privy to, the contractual
arrangements between your clients and [OW China] or [OW Singapore] or any of
their related entities. The allegation that [OW Singapore] had acted as our
clients’ agent in relation to the bunker supply is completely groundless.
Indeed, your clients’ allegation suggests that they are not only one but two
layers removed from our clients in the chain of bunker supply contracts.

(c) A sales confirmation issued by OW China to the Defendant dated 26
September 2014, recording the terms of the bunker purchase as between OW China
and the Defendant, including:

(i) identifying the “seller” as OW China;

(ii) recording a price of USD 469 per MT of fuel; and

(iii) identifying, as the physical supplier of the fuel, an entity known as
“TTK” (and not the Plaintiff).

118 It is pertinent to note that the duty to make full and frank disclosure
does not require a plaintiff to “disclose every relevant document, as it must
on discovery” (see _The Vasiliy Golovnin_ at [88]). At the end of the day,

…the material facts are those which are material to enable the judge to make
an informed decision.

(see _The Vasiliy Golovnin_ at [87])

119 The portions of the affidavit filed in support of the Plaintiff’s
application for the Warrant of Arrest, together with the documents exhibited
described in paragraph 117 above, clearly set out the Defendant’s objection to
the Plaintiff’s claim. Assuming these were adequately brought to the AR’s
attention at the Arrest Hearing (that is, the threshold of disclosure was
met), I think that Plaintiff would have discharged its duty to disclose
matters pertaining to the Defendant’s objection to the Plaintiff’s claim
herein.

120 Turning now to consider whether the threshold of disclosure has been
satisfied, it has been mentioned that a material fact must be expressly drawn
to the attention of the judicial officer hearing the arrest application before
it can be found that the fact in question has been _adequately_ disclosed.

121 In this regard, I note that the Notes of Evidence of the Arrest Hearing
expressly record:

(a) that the attention of the AR was drawn to paragraphs 24 and 25 of the
affidavit of John Kevin Philips filed in support of the application for the
Warrant of Arrest;

(b) that emails exchanged between the Plaintiff’s solicitors and the
Defendant’s Hong Kong and Singapore solicitors were brought to the attention
of the AR. Further, one of these emails includes, as an attachment, the Sales
Confirmation issued by OW China to the Defendant in respect of the Supply; and

(c) the Defendant’s argument that OW Singapore did not act as agents of the
Defendant and that the Defendant was not liable _in personam_.

122 In my view, therefore, the fact of and even evidence pertaining to the
Defendant’s position in these proceedings (that is, that there was no
contractual nexus between the Plaintiff and the Defendant) was not just
disclosed but adequately disclosed to the AR hearing the application for the
Warrant of Arrest.

Disclosure of the fact that arrest was sought in aid of arbitration

123 Separately, the Defendant submitted that the Warrant of Arrest should be
set aside as the Plaintiff failed to disclose to the AR that the Warrant of
Arrest was being sought in aid of arbitration. In support of this submission,
counsel for the Defendant cited the decision of the Court of Appeal in _The
Vasiliy Golovnin_ [2008] SGCA 39, wherein it was held that:

It is _necessary_ for a party who intends to rely on an arbitration agreement
to disclose this to the court in an _ex parte_ application… If the arbitration
is consensual, the court hearing the application for warrant of arrest must be
alerted to the fact that the proceedings are being brought only to assist the
arbitration proceedings. This fact must be disclosed so that if the court
grants the arrest, it can also consider whether to stay the arrest or make
other appropriate directions pending the award by the arbitral tribunal
pursuant to s 7 of the IAA. Care has to be also taken by the court not to
directly or even indirectly pronounce on the merits of the matter or trespass
onto the jurisdiction of the arbitral tribunal in any other way. If the
validity of the arbitration agreement is or will likely be disputed, the
court’s attention must also be drawn to this fact. The court’s determination
of the application can then be appropriately calibrated to take these
potential developments into consideration.

124 In _The Vasiliy Golovnin_ , the Court of Appeal had expressed the above
view because counsel for the plaintiff sought to have the Court reverse the
decision of the Judge, arguing, _inter alia_ , that in striking out the
Plaintiff’s claim, the Judge had entered the domain of the arbitrator.

125 The point I make here is that in _The Vasiliy Golovnin_ , the failure to
raise the arbitration clause was _not_ an issue raised as a ground to set
aside the arrest. Instead, this failure on the part of the plaintiff formed
the basis of the Court of Appeal’s decision that, as no such disclosure had
been made to the AR hearing the arrest application in that case, there was no
need to treat that particular arrest application in any manner different from
“any other typical” application for a warrant of arrest (see [43] of
judgment).

126 The failure to disclose that the arrest was being sought in aid of
arbitration was therefore _not_ a ground upon which the CA found there was
material non-disclosure justifying the setting aside of the arrest of _The
Vasiliy Golovnin_.

127 This is abundantly clear from [106] of the judgment of the Court of
Appeal, which sets out the material facts which the Court of Appeal felt had
not been properly disclosed – the fact that the arrest had been sought in aid
of arbitration was not one expressly considered by the Court of Appeal to be
an omitted material fact. It is therefore not the case that such a failure
will invariably amount to material non-disclosure.

128 In _The Vasiliy Golovnin_ , the Court of Appeal opined that the disclosure
of an intention to arbitrate would allow the court to take care not to
pronounce on the merits of the claim in presiding over hearings for this
matter (see [40] of _The Vasiliy Golovnin_) and also to calibrate its orders
so as to take into account the possible arbitration.

129 In this case, it is not apparent to me how the intention of the plaintiff
to commence arbitration proceedings, apart from and in addition to the
existence of an allegedly applicable arbitration clause which _was_
highlighted by the Plaintiff to the AR, would have been a material fact to be
disclosed to the AR at the Arrest Hearing.

130 In my view, the express reference to the arbitration clause would have had
the same effect on the AR’s decision at the Arrest Hearing as a further
statement that the Plaintiff intended to commence arbitration, bearing in mind
that following _The Bunga Melati 5_ , the AR at the Arrest Hearing would not
have been concerned with the merits of the Plaintiff’s claim save to be
mindful of evidence showing that the bringing of the claim itself was an abuse
of process; on the facts of this particular case, had the AR agreed with the
Defendant’s assertion that there was in fact no agreement between itself and
the Plaintiff and thus considered the bringing of the claim by the Plaintiff
as an abuse of process, the AR would in any event not have considered the
arbitration clause a material fact since it formed part of the impugned
agreement.

Conclusion on the Disclosure Objection

131 For the reasons set out above, I found that there was no material non-
disclosure on the part of the Plaintiff at the Arrest Hearing and declined to
set aside the Warrant of Arrest.

Damages for Wrongful Arrest

132 In the _Vasiliy Golovnin_ , the Court of Appeal held (at [136] of its
judgment) that damages for wrongful arrest can issue if it can be said that
that action was so unwarrantably brought or brought with so little colour or
foundation that implies malice or gross negligence on the part of the
plaintiff.

133 Further guidance was also offered by the Court of Appeal in _The Vasiliy
Golovnin_ on this issue. At [137] and [138] of the its judgment, the Court of
Appeal opined that:

137 In most cases, the fact that the in rem action (together with the arrest)
was “so unwarrantably brought, or brought with so little colour, or so little
foundation” would probably mean that there has been _mala fides_ or _crassa
negligentia_ on the part of the plaintiff. The two may perhaps be said to be
plainly apparent in most cases where the facts are clear, but we are of the
view that where the focus or emphasis lies during the inquiry may prove to be
determinative in other more difficult cases where it is hard to put a finger
as to whether there is or there is no _mala fides_ or _crassa negligentia_ on
the part of the plaintiff, but where it is clear that the arrest was wholly
unwarranted in the circumstances at the time when the arrest was sought.
Focusing on the first part of the passage (see [136] above) would mean that
the inquiry would be both an objective and a subjective one into the
plaintiff’s state of mind at the time of the arrest as there would be a need
to establish if the plaintiff had a genuine and honest belief that the arrest
was legitimate then. On the other hand, if the focus is on the second part of
the passage, this would mean **a more objective inquiry into the circumstances
prevailing and the evidence available at the time of the arrest, so as to
determine if the action and the arrest were so unwarrantably brought, or
brought with so little colour, or so little foundation, as to imply that they
were brought with malice or gross negligence. The answer to this question may
also, depending on the facts of the case, lead to an objective finding of the
subjective intention of the plaintiff at the time of the arrest.** In
situations involving the more difficult cases as mentioned above, this
approach could prove determinative as to whether damages should be awarded to
the shipowner. **In our view, this is indeed the correct approach, and the
inquiry of wrongful arrest should be focused on the question of whether the
action and the arrest were so unwarrantably brought, or brought with so little
colour, or so little foundation, as to imply malice or gross negligence on the
plaintiff’s part.**

138 However, it should also always be borne in mind that the decision to award
damages for wrongful arrest should never be lightly made. In _The Inai
Selasih_ ([135] supra), Chao Hick Tin JA had quite rightly cautioned at [32]
that **just because a plaintiff had been wrong in its interpretation or
perception of events, it did not follow as a matter of fact that there was a
lack of an honest belief and that the court should award damages**. As
mentioned, in assessing the facts, the courts must consider first and foremost
whether the action and the arrest were brought “unwarrantably” or with “little
colour” or with “little foundation”. This may include situations where there
may be material non-disclosure in the affidavit in support of the warrant of
arrest (see _The AA V_ ([84] supra)), and where the writ of summons does not
disclose a reasonable cause of action (see _The Cathcart_ ([114] supra); _The
Dilmun Fulmar_ ([135] supra)). Further, the _Evangelismos_ test calls for the
objective assessment of the subjective intention of the arresting party, and
this is to be objectively determined by reference to all the material facts
(see [137] above).

(Emphasis in bold added)

134 For the reasons set out below, I find that in this case, it cannot be said
that the Plaintiff’s claim was “so unwarrantably brought, or brought with so
little colour, or so little foundation, as to imply that they were brought
with malice or gross negligence”.

135 First, the Defendant submitted that the Plaintiff tried to portray this
case as straightforward when this was not the case. With respect, I do not see
how the Plaintiff could be said to have portrayed the case as straightforward
given that the affidavit in support of the arrest runs to 121 pages and the
text to 18 pages setting out in detail the basis of the Plaintiff’s claim.
Further, as mentioned earlier there was no material non-disclosure of the
Defendant’s position on the part of the Plaintiff at the Arrest Hearing.

136 Secondly, counsel for the Defendant submitted that the Plaintiff’s claim
was conjured _ex post facto_ because the Plaintiff had, in its initial
correspondence with the Plaintiff, sought to rely on a cause of action
premised on a purported lien over the bunkers, rather than one based upon the
existence of an agent-principal relationship between the Defendant and OW
Singapore.

137 With respect, even if I accept that the Plaintiff’s case theory as against
the Defendant arose after the financial collapse of the OW Bunkers group of
companies became a matter of public knowledge, I do not see how it invariably
follows that the claim was brought in a way that “implies malice or gross
negligence”. Even if I accept that the Plaintiff did change the basis of its
claim against the Defendant in the course of its correspondence with the
Defendant, this appears, even on the Defendant’s own submission, to have come
about because the Plaintiff appointed (and therefore received advice from)
Singapore counsel acting in good faith (there is no suggestion to the
contrary) to advise the Plaintiff on its rights of action. To the extent that
the Plaintiff’s claim _in these proceedings_ is (and indeed, has always been)
premised upon advice received from Singapore counsel, I am unable to see how
it could be said that its change of tack in the course of pre-litigation
correspondence implies either malice or gross negligence.

138 Thirdly, whilst the Defendant claims that the Plaintiff proceeded
maliciously or reckless once “confronted with the true state of affairs”, with
respect the characterisation by the Defendant of the contents of its emails as
setting out the “true state of affairs” is one that is inherently subjective.
At the time the emails were exchanged the parties were simply setting out
their respective positions and it is too simplistic to suggest that their
position should have been accepted by the Plaintiff as the “true position”. In
this regard, it is important to bear in mind that in _The Vasiliy Golovnin_ ,
the Court of Appeal expressly recognised (at [138] of the judgment) that:

… just because a plaintiff had been wrong in its interpretation or perception
of events, it did not follow as a matter of fact that there was a lack of an
honest belief and that the court should award damages.

139 I therefore declined to make any award of damages for wrongful arrest.

Conclusion

140 By reason of the foregoing, I made the following orders:

(a) The Striking-Out Application is allowed in that the Writ of Summons as
well as this action shall be struck out pursuant to O 18 r 19(1)(b) of the
Rules of Court. However, I decline to set aside the Writ of Summons on the
ground that section 4(4) of the HCAJA has not been complied with. I also
decline to set aside the Warrant of Arrest, this having been sought by the
Defendant on the ground of non-disclosure of material facts at the arrest
hearing.

(b) The security provided to the Plaintiff by way of payment into Court in the
sum of US$2,600,000.00 (United States Dollars Two Million and Six Hundred
Thousand) for the release of the Vessel be paid out and returned to the
Defendants or their solicitors forthwith.

(c) The Stay Application shall be dismissed.

141 Further, having heard the parties on costs on 9 July 2015, I made the
following costs orders:

(a) For the Stay Application, I fixed costs to be paid by the Plaintiff to the
Defendant at $3,500 plus reasonable disbursements to be taxed or agreed.

(b) For the Striking-Out Application, I fixed costs at S$12,000 plus
reasonable disbursements to be taxed or agreed to be paid by the Plaintiff to
the Defendant.

* * *

[note: 1]See for instance paragraph 14 of John Kevin Philips’ affidavit filed
on 6 February 2015.

[note: 2]See for instance paragraph 23 of the affidavit of Qiao Qiming filed
on 2 January 2015.

[note: 3]Paragraph 24 of the affidavit of Qiao Qiming filed on 2 January 2014.

[note: 4]See [117] of the judgment.

[note: 5]See paragraph 32 of the Defendant’s written submissions dated 4 March
2015.

[note: 6]Paragraphs 35 and 36 of the Defendant’s written submissions dated 4
March 2015.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 11 Aug 2015 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

