Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Fact 2006 Pte Ltd _v_ First Alverstone Capital Ltd and another  
[2015] SGHCR 5

Case Number| :| Suit No 1261 of 2014, High Court Summons No 30 of 2015  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 30 January 2015  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Zhuang WenXiong AR  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Tan Chuan Thye SC and Ms Germaine Chia (Stamford Law
Corporation) for the plaintiff; Yeo Boon Tat and Ang Wee Jian (MPillay) for
the defendants.  
Parties| :|  Fact 2006 Pte Ltd — First Alverstone Capital Ltd and another  
  
30 January 2015|  
---|---  
  
Zhuang WenXiong AR:

1 Who is an “agent”, and what obligations are owed to one who is named an
“agent”? “If language is to be a means of communication there must be
agreement… in definitions” (L Wittgenstein, _Philosophical Investigations_
(trans G E M Anscombe, Basil Blackwell, 3rd Ed, 1958) at para 242). So it is
with an agent. An agent is oft defined as one who has the capacity to directly
affect the legal relations of his principal _vis-à-vis_ third parties (see
_eg, Scott and others v Davis_ (2000) 204 CLR 333 (“ _Scott v Davis_ ”) at
[227]). This neatly encapsulates the core of what, in law, an agent is. That
being said, the agency-principal relationship is often entered into by
agreement and in doing so, the parties may expressly delineate the respective
duties that they owe to each other (_Horace Brenton Kelly v Margot Cooper and
another_ [1993] 1 AC 205 (“ _Kelly v Cooper_ ”) at 213H–214A). In a contest
between a conventional understanding of what an agent is, and an understanding
of “agent” that is mutually agreed upon by contracting parties, which is to
prevail?

2 The defendants in this suit, First Alverstone Capital (“FACL”) and Gary Loh
Hock Chuan (“Gary”), applied to strike out the claim of the plaintiff, Fact
2006 Pte Ltd (“Fact 2006”), on the basis that Fact 2006 was merely an agent
and could not thereby sue on a compromise agreement. I rejected the
application and I now give the grounds for my decision.

3 A brief digression into the facts is in order. SunMoon Food Company Limited
(“SunMoon”) issued some bonds, and owed six million dollars to those
bondholders. FACL wanted to get the bondholders to forgive that debt; FACL,
Gary, the bondholders and Fact 2006 entered into a compromise agreement named
the “FACL-Lenders Agreement” (“the Agreement”). In the Agreement, FACL, Gary,
the bondholders and Fact 2006 were collectively defined as the “Parties” while
Fact 2006 was referred to as the “Agent”. Under clause 2.2 of the same, FACL
undertook to:

(a) Pay the sum of $6 million to Fact 2006 or;

(b) Transfer 6 billion SunMoon shares to Fact 2006 or any other nominated
person.

Under clause 4 of the same, Gary gave a personal undertaking that FACL would
fulfil clause 2.2. FACL did not perform within the contractually stipulated
timeframe. In response, Fact 2006 filed Suit 1261 of 2014.

4 The defendants argued that an agent cannot sue on a contract, and relied
chiefly on _Jones and Sladanha v Gurney_ [1913] WN 72 (“ _Jones and Sladanha_
”) and _Khemanico Textiles v Gian Singh & Co Ltd_ [1963] 1 MLJ 360 (“
_Khemanico Textiles_ ”). The plaintiff took the contrary stance and submitted
that an agent may himself be privy to a contract and sue upon it, and relied
_inter alia_ on _Montgomerie v United Kingdom Mutual Steamship Association
Limited_ [1891] 1 QB 370 (“ _Montgomerie_ ”) and _Teheran-Europe Co Ltd v S T
Belton (Tractors) Ltd_ [1968] 2 QB 53 (“ _Teheran-Europe_ ”). I agreed with
the plaintiff.

5 The agent-principal relationship is often entered into by agreement
(ratification and estoppel are the two other ways and are irrelevant to this
case); thus the limits to the contours of the relationship stem from the
general rules of the law of contract. Contracting parties are free to order
their affairs and their relationship _inter se_ however they like, subject to
the overarching exception that public policy is not to be violated (see _eg
Ting Siew May v Boon Lay Choo and another_ [2014] 3 SLR 609) and certain
prescribed statutory limits (_eg_ the Unfair Contract Terms Act (Cap 396, 1994
Rev Ed)). If there is a bare agreement for one to act as, or be, an agent, the
parties are ordinarily taken to have meant agent in the ordinary legal sense
of the term (_Scott v Davis_ at [227]–[228]). More fundamentally, contracts
are to be interpreted objectively (_Zurich Insurance (Singapore) Pte Ltd v
B-Gold Interior Design & Construction Pte Ltd_ [2008] 3 SLR(R) 1029 at [125])
and it would be odd for contracting parties to use a word and, without
contrary indication, intend for it to take on a meaning that is not commonly
and publically held.

6 The commonly and publically held legal notion of agent is nevertheless only
a starting point. It is entirely possible for one to agree to be an “agent”
and yet not be an agent in the full legal sense of the term; all that is
essential is that the parties come to an objective landing on what,
intensionally or extensionally, an “agent” is to be. P Watts & F M B Reynolds,
_Bowstead and Reynolds on Agency_ (Sweet & Maxwell, 20th Ed, 2014) acknowledge
that “[n]o one has the monopoly on the “correct” use of this or any other
term” (at para 1-003); and in _Kelly v Cooper_ it was said that “the rights of
the duties of the principal and agent are dependent upon the terms of the
contract between them” (at 213H–214A). Thus, and despite the use of the term
agent, contracting parties may even agree amongst themselves that the “agent”
is not to have the power to affect the legal relations of his “principal”
_vis-à-vis_ third parties. This directly contradicts commonly held notions of
what an agency legally entails.

7 Examples of divergence from the full legal implications of one being an
agent are legion. In _Okura & Co Limited v Forsebacka Jernverks Aktiebolag_
[1914] 1 KB 715 the “agent”, a seller of steel, did not have the general
authority to accept orders on behalf of the “principal”, a manufacturer of
steel, but only submitted orders for steel which were approved by the
“principal” on an _ad hoc_ basis. Closer to home, the Council for Estate
Agencies provides standard terms for estate agents in Singapore which do not
create a principal-agency relationship in the true legal sense — the “agent”
merely introduces buyers to the seller, and is merely under an obligation to
promptly forward all offers to the seller; the “agent” has no authority
whatsoever to affect the legal position of the seller, and it is the seller
who decides whether he will accept an offer from a buyer (“Form 5 – Exclusive
Estate Agency Agreement for the Sale of Residential Property”, available at
https://www.cea.gov.sg/cea/content/binary/pdfFiles/Form%205-Exclusive%20Estate%20Agency%20Agreement%20for%20the%20Sale%20of%20Residential%20Property.pdf,
last accessed on 23 January 2015).

8 If nobody has a monopoly on the “correct” use of “agent”; and if contracting
parties possess the ability to adopt an impoverished definition of “agent”
that does not entail the power to affect the legal relations of his
“principal”; surely it follows, _a fortiori_ , that contracting parties are
able to grant an agent the _added_ power to sue a third party concurrently
with, or even to the exclusion of his principal. Indeed there are cases which
state precisely this. _Montgomerie_ held that while it is the general rule
that, “ _prima facie_ , at common law the only person who may sue is the
principal”, nonetheless “in all cases the parties can by their express
contract provide… that the agent shall be the party to sue either concurrently
with or to the exclusion of the principal” (at 371-72). _Teheran-Europe_ did
not mention a default rule, but nonetheless said that an agent can conclude a
contract on behalf of his principal in one of three ways: only the principal
being able to sue; both the principal and agent being able to sue; and only
the agent being able to sue (at 59-60).

9 The plaintiff contended that there were two cases which stood for the
diametrically opposed proposition that an agent may never sue on a contract. A
closer analysis of the cases reveals that they do not. In _Jones and Saldanha_
, Jones, who was resident outside of the jurisdiction in Vancouver, had
entered into an agreement with Gurney for Gurney to act as his daughter’s
guardian and provide for her maintenance and education in England. Jones
granted a power of attorney to his lawyer, Saldanha, and proceedings were
taken out in both their names as co-plaintiffs against Gurney on the basis
that Gurney had profited from the arrangement by enrolling Jones’s daughter in
a cheap boarding school and spending little or no money on her clothing.
Saldanha’s name was struck out, and the court gave two reasons for this:
first, proceedings taken by an attorney ought to be taken in the name of his
principal and second, Saldanha’s name was added with the obvious purpose of
evading the requirement for providing security for costs. In _Khemanico
Textiles_ the plaintiff company was an indenting agent which contracted on
behalf of three Japanese textile suppliers, and sued in its own name for
breach of contract when the defendant failed to establish letters of credit in
favour of those Japanese suppliers. Clause I of the Conditions of Sale
explicitly stated that the orders were placed with the plaintiff “as agents
and not as principals” with the buyers further agreeing “not to hold the
agents personally liable in respect of this Order or any resulting contract”.
The court dismissed the plaintiff’s claim for two reasons: the plaintiff could
not sue on the contract, and in any event the orders were not contracts in the
legal sense because certain conditions precedent were not fulfilled.

10 Neither _Jones and Saldanha_ nor _Khemanico Textiles_ avowed that an agent
can never sue on a contract. Indeed _Khemanico Textiles_ endorsed the contrary
proposition that a person who signs a contract in his own name without
qualification is _prima facie_ to be deemed a person contracting personally
(at 361B). It is also readily apparent that both cases were distinguishable:
_Jones and Saldanha_ concerned a power of attorney granted to a lawyer; in
_Khemanico Textiles_ the contract stated that the plaintiff was only an agent
which did not assume any personal liability. In contrast the plaintiff in the
instant case was explicitly named as a party to the contract, and FACL
undertook to either pay $6 million or transfer 6 billion SunMoon shares to the
plaintiff.

11 On the facts of this case as presented thus far it could not be said that
the plaintiff’s claim discloses no reasonable cause of action, is scandalous,
frivolous or vexatious, or is otherwise an abuse of the process of the court.
To elaborate, a cause of action meets the threshold of reasonableness if there
is some chance of success when only the pleadings are considered, or some
question that is fit to be decided at trial (_Gabriel Peter & Partners (suing
as a firm) v Wee Chong Jin and others_ [1997] 3 SLR(R) 649 at [21] (“ _Gabriel
Peter_ ”)); is only frivolous or vexatious if the action is either legally or
factually unsustainable (_The “Bunga Melati 5”_ [2012] 4 SLR 546 at [39]); and
is an abuse of process only if _bona fides_ are lacking (_Gabriel Peter_ at
[22]). In the light of the legal proposition that parties may expressly
contract for an agent to have the power to sue, and the documentary evidence
that the plaintiff was explicitly named in the Agreement and entitled to
receive money or shares from FACL, the various mentioned epithets were
inapplicable.

12 To sum up the above, while there is some general consensus over what being
an agent legally entails, this is only a _prima facie_ position that may be
varied by contract. Restated, contracting parties may adopt duties and
obligations that are peculiar to themselves, even if they contradict commonly
held notions of what being an agent entails. Harking back to the introduction,
“agent” need not be held to Wittgensteinian standards of consensus, so long as
the parties have contractually agreed to their own objectively discernable
criteria.

13 For the above reasons, I dismissed High Court Summons No 30 of 2015. I
ordered the defendants to pay the plaintiff costs fixed at $4,000, all
inclusive.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 30 Jan 2015 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

