Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  M+W Singapore Pte Ltd _v_ Leow Tet Sin and another  
[2015] SGHC 10

Case Number| :| Suit No 731 of 2011  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 16 January 2015  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Judith Prakash J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Chua Sui Tong, Lim Wei Lee, Daniel Tan, Huang Haogen
(WongPartnership LLP) for the plaintiff; Narayanan Vijay Kumar and Niroze
Idroos (Vijay & Co) for the defendants.  
Parties| :|  M+W Singapore Pte Ltd — Leow Tet Sin and another  
  
16 January 2015| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Judith Prakash J:

Introduction

1 The plaintiff, M+W Singapore Pte Ltd, is a construction company. In February
2009, it was appointed by Jurong Data Centre Development Pte Ltd (“JDD”) to
design and build a high-tech data centre (“the Data Centre”). The first
defendant, Leow Tet Sin, and the second defendant, Yukiyasu Nakagawa, were at
all material times the only directors of JDD and the joint signatories of its
bank accounts.

2 In October 2009, JDD, having failed to make certain payments due to the
plaintiff under the construction agreement signed between them on 19 February
2009 (“the Construction Contract”), executed a debenture in favour of the
plaintiff. The security was given in order to induce the plaintiff to continue
work on the Data Centre. By the terms of the debenture, JDD agreed that all
“Monetary Claims” would be charged to the plaintiff by way of a first fixed
charge.

3 In January 2010, the Inland Revenue Authority of Singapore (“IRAS”) refunded
a sum of $6,456,230.09 (“the GST Refund”) to JDD. Subsequently, JDD spent
amounts totalling $5,348,413.51 out of the GST Refund. The plaintiff’s
position is that the GST Refund was a Monetary Claim and therefore subject to
the charge in its favour. Accordingly, JDD should not have spent any part of
the same. In this action, the plaintiff seeks to recover the said sum of
$5,348,413.51 from the defendants, jointly and severally, on the basis that:

(a) they dishonestly assisted in a breach of trust; or

(b) they induced a breach of contract; or

(c) they were engaged in fraudulent trading in respect of JDD within the terms
of s 340 of the Companies Act (Cap 50, 2006 Rev Ed) (“the Act”).

Background

4 At the material time, the JL Group of companies comprised Japan Land Ltd
(“Japan Land”), a listed company incorporated in Singapore, Japan Asia Land
Ltd (“Japan Asia”), a company incorporated in Japan and JDD. Japan Asia is a
subsidiary of Japan Land but operates as the headquarters of the JL Group. In
2008, JDD was incorporated in Singapore as a special purpose vehicle to
develop the Data Centre. JDD was wholly reliant on Japan Land and Japan Asia
for funding as it had no other business apart from the development (and
subsequent operation) of the Data Centre. During most of the material period,
the president of Japan Land, and head of the JL Group, was one Mitsutoshi Ono
(“Mr Ono”).

5 The first defendant is a certified public accountant who obtained his
accountancy degree in 1970. In 2005, he was employed as the deputy managing
director of Japan Land. He was promoted to the post of executive director in
2007 and when JDD was incorporated, the first defendant was made one of its
directors. He continued to be the executive director of Japan Land and did not
receive any extra remuneration for his position in JDD.

6 The second defendant is a construction engineer by training and experience.
In 2007, after working in construction engineering companies for about 40
years, he joined Japan Land as a director. The second defendant was appointed
a director of JDD because of his construction engineering experience and he
held this appointment in JDD concurrently with his position as director of
Japan Land. Like the first defendant, he did not receive extra remuneration
for the new post.

The Construction Contract and the search for investors

7 In April 2008, JDD invited tenderers to quote for the construction of the
Data Centre. The plaintiff was the successful tenderer. Under the Construction
Contract, JDD agreed to pay the plaintiff $213,458,436.03 to design and
complete the Data Centre on a turnkey basis. The Construction Contract
provided for the plaintiff to be paid by way of progress payments. In mid-
August 2009, JDD began to default on prompt payment of the progress payments
and by October 2009, it owed the plaintiff about $60m.

8 Meanwhile, Japan Land had been looking for a new investor to help with the
financing of the Data Centre. In June 2009, it was approached by one Ang Chee
Seng (“Mr Ang”) the chief executive officer of a Singapore company, Elchemi
Group Ltd (“Elchemi”), which was interested in investing in the Data Centre
through its subsidiary ConnectedPlanet Holdings Ltd (“CPH”). A Memorandum of
Understanding was signed between Elchemi, Japan Land and Japan Asia on 21
August 2009 and in order to facilitate the negotiations between the JL Group
and Elchemi, work on the Data Centre had to continue uninterrupted. During the
relevant period, the plaintiff was aware that there were negotiations taking
place between JDD and Elchemi/CPH for the latter to make a substantial
investment in JDD.

9 On 24 October 2009, a meeting was held in Tokyo to discuss the indebtedness
owing to the plaintiff. This meeting was attended by the second defendant and
Mr Ono on behalf of the JL Group. The plaintiff was represented by its chief
executive officer, one Helmut Kurzboeck (“Mr Kurzboeck”). During the meeting,
Mr Kurzboeck stated that work would not continue on the Data Centre unless
payment or security was obtained from JDD. Since JDD could not pay, it agreed
to provide a charge over its assets to the plaintiff – this was to prevent the
plaintiff from proceeding with legal action against JDD under the Building and
Construction Industry Security of Payment Act (Cap 30B, 2006 Rev Ed) (“SOPA”)
to recover the outstanding amounts.

10 Pierre Crisantha Dedigama (“Mr Dedigama”), the plaintiff’s then managing
director, contacted the first defendant on 27 October 2009 regarding the
signing of a debenture and a security undertaking document. According to the
first defendant, Mr Dedigama pressed for both documents to be executed by 9am
on 28 October 2009. He threatened JDD, saying that if the documents were not
signed by the deadline, the plaintiff would take legal action against JDD for
the sums owed to the plaintiff. At the same time, according to the first
defendant, he assured JDD that the documents were just to satisfy the
plaintiff’s head office in Vienna and enable the plaintiff to get continued
funding to work on the Data Centre. They were not to take effect while
negotiations were being carried out with Elchemi. JDD’s lawyers, Rodyk &
Davidson LLP (“Rodyk”), were given just one day to review the documents.

11 After this assurance was allegedly given, a Japan Land board meeting was
held on 28 October 2009 to approve the giving of security to the plaintiff by
JDD. Mr Ang also gave his approval, via a written confirmation, that Elchemi
was aware of the Debenture and Security Undertaking and that the two documents
would not impede ongoing negotiations between JLL and Elchemi.

The Debenture

12 Pursuant to the resolutions passed on 28 October 2009, JDD executed a
debenture dated 28 October 2009 (“the Debenture”) in favour of the plaintiff
and an agreement entitled “Security Undertaking” also dated 28 October 2009
(“the Security Undertaking”). These documents were registered with the
Accounting and Corporate Regulatory Authority (“ACRA”) on 25 November 2009.

13 By the Debenture, JDD acknowledged the debt owed to the plaintiff and
agreed to secure the same by granting to the plaintiff, among other things, a
fixed charge over all Monetary Claims. The following provisions of the
Debenture are relevant (JDD being the Chargor and the plaintiff being the
Chargee):

1.1 **_Definitions_**

…

“** _Claims Account_** ” means an Account to be identified by the Chargee (and
any renewal or re-designation of such account) maintained by the Chargor with
any bank in Singapore into which, _inter alia_ , the proceeds of the getting
in or realisation of the Monetary Claims and the dividends, interest and other
monies arising from the Shares are to be paid.

…

“** _Monetary Claims_** ” means any book and other debts, monetary claims,
credit sales, receivables and other receivables owing to the Chargor and any
proceeds thereof (including any claims or sums of money deriving from or in
relation to any Intellectual Property, any Investment, the proceeds of any
Insurance Policy, any court order, award or judgment, any contract or
agreement to which the Chargor is a party and any other assets, property,
rights or undertaking of the Chargor).

3.1 **_Fixed charges_** : The Chargor as beneficial owner hereby charges in
favour of the Chargee, as security for the payment and discharge of the
Secured Obligations, by way of first fixed charge (which so far as it relates
to land in Singapore vested in the Chargor at the date hereof shall, if
reasonably required by the Chargee, be perfected by the execution of a legal
mortgage in the prescribed form) all the Chargor’s right, title and interest
from time to time in and to each of the following assets:

…

(h) **_all Monetary Claims_** other than any claims which are otherwise
subject to a fixed charge or assignment (at law or in equity) pursuant to this
Debenture and all Related Rights; …

10.1 **_Dealing with Monetary Claims_** **:** The Chargor shall not at any
time during the subsistence of the Debenture, without the prior written
consent of the Chargee:

(a)deal with the Monetary Claims except by getting in and realising them in a
prudent manner (on behalf of the Chargee) and paying the proceeds of those
Monetary Claims promptly into the Claims Account or as the Chargee may require
(and such proceeds shall be held upon trust by the Chargor for the Chargee
prior to such payment in); or

(b)factor or discount any of the Monetary Claims or enter into any agreement
for such factoring or discounting; or

(c)be entitled to withdraw or otherwise transfer the proceeds of the
realisation of any Monetary Claims standing to the credit of any Claims
Account.

[bold underline in original; emphasis added in italics and bold italics]

14 Under cl 10.1 of the Debenture, JDD was obliged to pay all Monetary Claims
into the Claims Account and hold the proceeds on trust for the plaintiff. The
Claims Account was never identified by the plaintiff. Under the Security
Undertaking, JDD agreed make a payment of at least $24m to the plaintiff by 2
November 2009 to show its goodwill in continuing with the project. It further
undertook to procure the written consent of Jurong Town Corporation (“JTC”)
for a mortgage of the land on which the Data Centre was being erected being
Lot 8441A of Mukim 5 (“the Property”) in favour of the plaintiff. In return,
the plaintiff agreed under the Security Undertaking not to stop performing its
obligations under the Construction Contract.

15 The defendants’ position is that at the time the security documents in
favour of the plaintiff were executed, the plaintiff had agreed, as a
collateral agreement, that it would not enforce the Debenture until the Data
Centre had been completed and an investment agreement between the JL Group and
Elchemi had been concluded. The defendants contend that the documents were
provided to reassure the plaintiff’s head office so that the plaintiff could
continue to obtain funding from the head office and work on the Data Centre
could continue. It was intended that they were not to take effect according to
their terms and conditions and were not to be registered. The plaintiff
disputes this and alleges that there was no such agreement in place. The
dispute over the existence of the collateral agreement is reflected in
correspondence between JDD and the plaintiff from 6 November 2009 to 10
November 2009.

The Investment Agreement

16 On 3 November 2009, Japan Land and CPH entered into an agreement (“the
Investment Agreement”) pursuant to which Japan Land agreed to sell shares in
JDD to CPH and CPH was to invest $71m in JDD. The deadline for the fulfilment
of the parties’ obligations under the Investment Agreement was 31 January
2010.

The SOPA proceedings

17 JDD did not make payment as promised (see [14] above) on 2 November 2009.
The next day, the plaintiff commenced proceedings under SOPA against JDD. On
10 December 2009, an adjudication order was made ordering JDD to pay the
plaintiff $29,086,796.35 together with interest and costs as specified. The
plaintiff did not extract this order immediately as it did not want to
jeopardise the efforts being made to obtain the investment from CPH.

The Refinancing Agreement

18 On 18 November 2009, JDD, the plaintiff and Elchemi met with JTC officers
to explain what was happening with the Data Centre and to obtain JTC’s consent
for a grant of a mortgage over the Property to the plaintiff pursuant to cl
4.2(a) of the Security Undertaking. The first defendant explained that pending
the investment by CPH, the mortgage would provide security to the plaintiff so
that the plaintiff could complete the Data Centre. On 25 November 2009, the
plaintiff, JDD and CPH entered into a Refinancing Agreement. Under the
Refinancing Agreement, the parties undertook the following obligations:

(a) JDD was to obtain JTC’s approval and do all things necessary for the
creation of a deed of assignment of the building agreement (“the Assignment of
Building Agreement”) between JDD and JTC and also execute a mortgage in favour
of the plaintiff.

(b) CPH was to provide the Investment Amount (defined as the amount due from
JDD to the plaintiff together with another $5m for costs of variation works,
legal and other costs associated with interim financing and contingencies) by
31 January 2010. The Investment Amount was to be paid into an Escrow Account
by JDD within three days of receiving the money and the money was to be
applied in paying off JDD’s indebtedness to the plaintiff.

(c) Once the above had been performed, the plaintiff would withdraw all
adjudication proceedings that were still pending. It also agreed not to start
legal proceedings against JDD for outstanding sums not paid. It would continue
construction of the Data Centre unless JDD defaulted on its obligations under
cl 1(c) of the Refinancing Agreement. The plaintiff agreed to obtain an
extension of the adjudication process begun under the SOPA until the date of
the JLL Extraordinary General Meeting (“EGM”) or 31 January 2010, whichever
date was earlier. This was subject to JDD performing its obligations under cl
1(c) of the Refinancing Agreement.

19 On 11 December 2009, JDD executed the Assignment of Building Agreement in
favour of the plaintiff. This document created a security interest in the
Property in favour of the plaintiff. At the same time, JDD executed a mortgage
in escrow over the Property in favour of the plaintiff.

The Assignment Agreement

20 On 12 January 2010, the plaintiff entered into an agreement with CPH as
assignee, Elchemi as guarantor and JDD as debtor. The recitals to this
Agreement stated that JDD was in default of its payment obligations under the
Construction Contract and that in connection with the investment that CPH
intended to make in JDD, CPH was willing to undertake the payment obligations
of JDD to the plaintiff, in return for an assignment by the plaintiff of its
rights, title and benefits in and to the Construction Contract. By cl 2.1 of
this Agreement (“the CPH Assignment”), CPH undertook to pay the plaintiff the
sum of $154,984,800.40 on or before 28 January 2010. It also undertook certain
other payment obligations in cll 2.2 and 2.3. By cl 4, in consideration of the
various payments under cl 2, the plaintiff assigned to CPH from the date of
payment, among other things, its rights and interest in the Construction
Contract, and further agreed that upon receipt of certain payments it would
execute a Deed of Discharge, Re-assignment and Release in respect of the
Debenture, the Assignment of Building Agreement and the mortgage in escrow.

21 The plaintiff’s witnesses, Mr Kurzboeck and Mr Dedigama, did not explain in
their affidavits of evidence-in-chief (“AEIC”) what the plaintiff’s reasons
for entering into the CPH Assignment had been. Mr Ang explained in his AEIC
that the plaintiff was concerned that the board of Japan Land might reject the
Investment Agreement and frustrate the efforts to bring CPH into JDD. The
point of the CPH Assignment was to allow CPH to pay the plaintiff and then
obtain a right to claim payment from JDD under the Construction Contract.

22 CPH did not pay the plaintiff any money on 28 January 2010. However, at
that time the plaintiff took no action to terminate the CPH Assignment or the
Investment Agreement. According to Mr Ang, this was because Elchemi was
working closely with its strategic partner and also DBS Ltd to obtain
financing for the investment. Everyone was optimistic that DBS Ltd would
finance JDD, and the plaintiff and JDD were kept informed of the negotiations
between Mr Ang and DBS Ltd.

The GST refund

23 On 23 December 2009, JDD had filed a claim for a GST refund in the amount
of $6,456,230.09. This amount was received from IRAS on 15 January 2010 and
was paid into JDD’s bank account with DBS Bank, Account No 003xxx (“the DBS
Account”). The money was subsequently used to make various payments including:

(a) $388,920.01 to Japan Asia being an interest payment on a loan of $12m
which Japan Asia had made to JDD;

(b) $151,377.41 being utility charges incurred by JDD;

(c) $82,600 being property tax for the Data Centre;

(d) $34,891 being salary for the staff of JDD;

(e) $38,520 being payment to one of the consultants working on the Data
Centre;

(f) $334,478 to Japan Land in relation to a redemption of JDD’s preferential
shares.

24 The plaintiff was unaware of the GST refund. It was not asked for its
permission for the various payments that were made from the GST Refund and
only found out about these much later.

Enforcement of the Debenture

25 On 9 March 2010, DBS Ltd made a formal offer to JDD of a loan facility of
up to $227m. Mr Ang found some of the terms of that offer to be unacceptable
and he rejected it. As a result, CPH was unable to fund the Investment Amount
and the Refinancing Agreement between JDD and the plaintiff collapsed. The
plaintiff then gave JDD notice that the CPH Assignment would be terminated
with immediate effect unless CPH or Elchemi met their obligations under it. No
payment was made by either CPH or Elchemi. On 12 March 2010, the plaintiff
terminated the Refinancing Agreement. On 16 March 2010, the CPH Assignment was
also terminated. The plaintiff then proceeded to extract the adjudication
order it had obtained earlier under the SOPA and, on 22 March 2010, it issued
JDD with a notice of default. Shortly thereafter, the plaintiff appointed
receivers and managers pursuant to the Debenture. On 8 April 2010, at the
instance of other creditors, the court appointed provisional liquidators for
JDD.

26 After their appointment, the receivers and managers took control of all
JDD’s assets including the Data Centre and the DBS Account. At that time,
there was only $1,107,816.58 left in the DBS Account. The receivers and
managers subsequently found out about the GST refund and the payments made
from these funds.

27 The receivers and managers sold the Data Centre by auction. The plaintiff
was the sole bidder at the auction and bought the Data Centre for $145m. This
amount was insufficient to settle the indebtedness of JDD to the plaintiff.

28 At about the same time, the liquidators of JDD commenced OS 389 of 2010
(“OS 389”) in which JDD was the plaintiff and M+W Singapore Pte Ltd, the
plaintiff here, was the defendant. By OS 389, JDD challenged the validity of
the Debenture and the appointment of the receivers and managers by the
plaintiff. JDD sought to recover the Data Centre/its proceeds and the balance
standing to the credit of the DBS Account. I heard OS 389 and delivered
judgment in March 2011. I dismissed JDD’s claims and held, amongst other
things, that the Debenture was valid and enforceable.

Causes of action

29 The plaintiff seeks to recover the moneys spent from the GST Refund on the
basis of three distinct and alternative causes of action:

(a) dishonest assistance in a breach of trust;

(b) inducement of breach of contract; and

(c) fraudulent trading.

I will take these in turn.

Dishonest assistance

30 The elements of a claim in dishonest assistance are:

(a) The existence of a trust;

(b) A breach of that trust;

(c) Assistance rendered by the defendant towards the breach;

(d) A finding that the assistance rendered by the defendant was dishonest.

Thus, the issues that have to be determined in relation to this cause of
action are related to the satisfaction of the foregoing elements.

Was there a trust?

31 The plaintiff’s position is that because of the provisions of the
Debenture, a trust existed over the Monetary Claims (including the GST Refund)
in favour of the plaintiff. Further, by reason of my judgment in OS 389, this
court has confirmed this trust and the defendants are estopped by the
principles of _res judicata_ from contesting those findings.

32 In OS 389, I held that:

(a) the GST Refund clearly fell within the definition of a Monetary Claim in
the Debenture (at [80]);

(b) under cl 10.1(a) of the Debenture, JDD was obliged, on receipt of the
Monetary Claim, to pay the same into the Claims Account and to use the same
for the purpose of repaying the plaintiff only. JDD had no authority to use
such Monetary Claim for any other purpose whatsoever (at [81]); and

(c) JDD’s action in paying the GST Refund into the DBS Account was a breach of
the Debenture and did not convert the fixed charge over the GST Refund into a
floating charge. Instead, because the GST Refund was utilised in a manner
contrary to the fixed charge, at law it was held on a constructive trust for
the plaintiff. In addition, under cl 10.1(a) of the Debenture, a Monetary
Claim that was received by the plaintiff was to be held on trust by it for the
plaintiff until it was paid into the Claims Account. Thus, whilst it was in
the DBS Account, the GST Refund was still held on trust for the plaintiff.

33 If the holdings above are binding on the defendants in this case, then the
first two elements of the cause of action would be met: there would be a trust
over the GST Refund in favour of the plaintiff and there would have been a
breach of that trust by JDD in so far as a substantial portion of the GST
Refund was spent to settle claims of parties other than the plaintiff without
the plaintiff’s consent. The defendants, however, submit that _res judicata_
is not applicable and that the plaintiff cannot prove its case by pointing to
OS 389 or the evidence in that suit.

34 As enunciated in _Goh Nellie v Goh Lian Teck_ [2007] 1 SLR(R) 453 (“
_Nellie Goh_ ”) at [17]–[24], the doctrine of _res judicata_ encompasses three
distinct but inter-related principles: cause of action estoppel, issue
estoppel and abuse of process. The first prevents a party from asserting or
denying against the other party the existence of a cause of action. The second
allows a previous decision to be invoked as having determined an essential
step in a separate issue so that further consideration of that issue is
foreclosed. The third prevents parties from changing the form of the
proceedings in a bid to re-litigate issues previously decided. The second and
third principles apply in this case.

35 In its statement of claim, the plaintiff stated that it intended to rely on
the judgment in OS 389 to show that:

(a) the payment of the GST Refund into the DBS Account was a breach of the
terms of the Debenture and resulted in JDD holding the moneys on a
constructive trust for the plaintiff; and

(b) JDD had spent at least $5,348,413.55 out of the GST Refund in breach of
contract and/or in breach of trust.

36 The defendant says that the plaintiff cannot prove its case by pointing to
OS 389 or the contents of the affidavit in OS 389 and had failed to show how
the judgment in OS 389 is relevant to this action. However, as _Nellie Goh_
itself holds, findings of fact in a previous decision can be relied on when
the judgment is final and conclusive on the merits; the judgment is from a
court of competent jurisdiction; there is identity between the parties to the
two actions; and there is identity of subject matter in the two proceedings.
These elements are substantially fulfilled: the judgment in OS 389 is final
and conclusive on the merits, it is from a court of competent jurisdiction and
in relation to the subject matter of the GST Refund and the nature of the
charge of the GST Refund, there is an identity of subject matter between OS
389 and the present action. The main difference between the two is that there
is no identity of parties in that although the plaintiff here was a party to
OS 389, the defendants here were not. However, the defendants here could be
said to be the privies of the defendant in OS 389, being the directors of JDD.
Further, the first defendant gave evidence on behalf of JDD in OS 389 and was
aware of the arguments made there in relation to the nature of the charge
created by the Debenture over the Monetary Claims and the GST Refund. It was
argued there that the Monetary Claims were not subject to a fixed charge and
that GST Refund was not a Monetary Claim. Similar arguments have been made
here.

37 I am of the opinion that because of the identity of the subject matter in
the two proceedings and the part that the defendants here played as directors
of the defendant in OS 389, there is issue estoppel in relation to the
holdings cited in [32] above. This is notwithstanding the fact that the
defendants here were not direct parties to OS 389. Even if this determination
is incorrect, the defendants are still unable to dispute those holdings
because my decision in OS 389 operates as a judgment _in rem_ and as a result
_res judicata_ would still apply. A judgment _in rem_ is one that declares the
rights and title to a property to all the world. Every judgment _in rem_ is
conclusive and binding upon the world at large and is not limited in its
binding effect to those who were parties to the proceedings and their privies
(see _Kwa Ban Cheong v Kuah Boon Sek_ [2003] 3 SLR(R) 644 at [38]). In this
case, the judgment in OS 389 determined, as against all the world, the rights
and interests of the plaintiff in Monetary Claims, which included the GST
Refund, as vested in it by the Debenture.

38 Accordingly, I hold that the defendants here are estopped from denying that
the GST Refund was a Monetary Claim or that as such it was subject to a fixed
charge in favour of the plaintiff and that JDD held it on trust for the
plaintiff. This trust was a trust that arose on the terms of the Debenture
itself (_ie_ , cl 10.1(a)) and also by law.

Was there a breach of trust and did the defendants render assistance?

39 These two elements can be dealt with briefly. The answer to the first
question is plain: the Debenture provided a fixed charge over the GST Refund
and therefore the money had to be kept for the plaintiff and could not be paid
to a third party without the plaintiff’s consent. The plaintiff had no prior
knowledge of the various payments made by JDD from the GST Refund and did not
consent to them. Such payments were, thus, in breach of trust by JDD. As for
the second question, the only way that the payment in breach of trust could be
made was if they were authorised by the defendants who were the sole directors
of JDD and, more to the point here, the operators of the DBS Account. The
defendants signed the cheques and authorised the remittances that were made
from the DBS Account and resulted in payment of money from the GST Refund to
parties other than the plaintiff. Thus, they assisted in the breach of trust
committed by JDD.

Was the assistance rendered by the defendants dishonest?

40 There are a number of points that arise in relation to this question.
First, however, it may be helpful to briefly set out the law on how dishonesty
is assessed in connection with this cause of action.

The law

41 In _George Raymond Zage III v Ho Chi Kwong_ [2010] 2 SLR 589 (“ _Zage_ ”)
at [22], it was held by the Court of Appeal that for a defendant to be liable
for dishonest assistance, he must have such knowledge of the irregular
shortcomings of the transaction that ordinary honest people would consider it
to be a breach of standards of honest conduct if he failed to adequately query
them. In formulating this principle, the Court of Appeal accepted Lord
Hoffmann’s statement of the law in _Barlow Clowes International Ltd (in
liquidation) v Eurotrust International Ltd_ [2006] 1 WLR 1476 (“ _Barlow
Clowes_ ”). _Barlow Clowes_ was a decision of the Privy Council and there Lord
Hoffmann clarified previous authority in relation to whether the test of
dishonesty should be objective or subjective. At [10], Lord Hoffmann stated
that:

… Although a dishonest state of mind is a subjective mental state, the
standard by which the law determines whether it is dishonest is objective. If
by ordinary standards a defendant’s mental state would be characterised as
dishonest, it is irrelevant that the defendant judges by different standards.
…

42 Therefore, the analysis is a two-stage one, the first being subjective and
the second objective (Susan Barkehall Thomas, “Defining (Or Refining) The
Meaning Of Dishonesty After _Twinsectra_ ” [2006] SJLS 459 at p 462). Two
questions must be asked:

(a) What did the defendant know of the transaction?

(b) Does participation in the transaction with this knowledge offend ordinary
standards?

It is only when both limbs are satisfied that the defendant’s dishonesty will
be established.

43 Further, accessory liability can still be found even though the assisting
third party did not obtain any benefit himself: _Royal Brunei Airlines Sdn Bhd
v Philip Tan Kok Ming_ [1995] 2 AC 378 (“ _Royal Brunei_ ”) at 382.

44 The facts of _Royal Brunei_ are relevant because of their similarity to
those of the current case. In this respect, I cannot accept the defendants’
submission that they are too different to be used as a comparison.

45 In _Royal Brunei_ , Royal Brunei Airlines Sdn Bhd appointed Borneo Leisure
Travel Sdn Bhd (“BLT”) as its agent for selling passenger and cargo
transportation. BLT was owned by Philip Tan Kok Ming (“Philip Tan”) and his
wife, who were the sole directors and shareholders of the company. Under the
terms of its appointment, BLT was to account to the airline for the sale
receipts and would be paid a sales commission for its services.

46 Subsequently, it was discovered that the sales proceeds were not deposited
into a separate account but paid into BLT’s ordinary current account with its
bank. When the airline demanded payment of the money, BLT could not pay. The
airline sued Philip Tan for the sums owed because he knew that there was an
express trust of the money and yet had authorised the use of the money for
BLT’s ordinary business purposes, paying salaries, overheads and other
expenses, and keeping down its bank overdraft. He was found liable for
dishonest assistance because he caused or permitted the company to use the
money, of which it was trustee, in a manner he knew was unauthorised. The
Privy Council held that “[t]he defendant was the company, and his state of
mind is to be imputed to the company”. In the present case, the plaintiff
seeks to draw a parallel regarding the use of the GST Refund by JDD.

The defendants’ knowledge

47 The first inquiry therefore must be as to what each of the defendants knew
about JDD’s obligations to the plaintiff and the status of Monetary Claims
under the Debenture. These are factual issues and they are hotly contested by
the parties.

48 The plaintiff submits that:

(a) the defendants knew or ought to have known that the Debenture secured all
present and future assets of JDD for the benefit of the plaintiff; and

(b) the defendants knew or ought to have known that they were spending an
asset of JDD in breach of the Debenture.

49 The defendants submit that:

(a) both of them were salaried employees, they were not paid additional
remuneration for the work and responsibilities they had undertaken for JDD and
received no benefit from any of the payments made;

(b) they were not aware of cl 10 of the Debenture at the time they signed it
on behalf of JDD;

(c) after the signing of the Debenture, all parties had agreed not to enforce
it, or at least the evidence showed that there was no attempt to enforce it
and it remained in the background with no one being concerned about its terms
and conditions;

(d) no reasonable director would have given much importance to the Debenture
because of the events that took place after it was signed;

(e) there was a collateral understanding that the Debenture was not to be
enforced and that it was provided so that the plaintiff would continue
construction work without resorting to SOPA; and

(f) at all material times after the signing of the Debenture, they were trying
their best to get CPH involved as an investor and always obtain approval from
Mr Ang on behalf of CPH before making any payment from the DBS Account.

50 Before I deal with the defendants’ knowledge, I observe that the fact that
the defendants were salaried employees who received no additional remuneration
for acting as directors of JDD is not relevant to the consideration of their
liability. As _Royal Brunei_ makes clear, it is equally irrelevant that they
received no personal benefit from any of the payments made.

51 I now turn to what exactly the defendants knew about the contents and
effect of the Debenture. Their alleged ignorance of its contents at the time
it was executed is supported by the fact that JDD was supplied with that
document (together with the Security Undertaking) on 27 October 2008, just a
day before it was signed. The plaintiff, through Mr Dedigama, insisted that it
be signed the next day despite the first defendant informing him that JDD’s
lawyers could not review the document in such a short space of time. The
second defendant was flying back from Japan to Singapore at the time the
document was sent over and had no opportunity to read the Debenture and the
Security Undertaking before they were signed. Both the defendants were,
however, aware that the documentation they were signing was intended to create
security over the assets of JDD in favour of the plaintiff.

52 Dealing with the first defendant, he is a qualified and very experienced
accountant. He testified that it was “common knowledge” that a debenture
creates a fixed and floating charge over the assets of the company that
executes it. Further, according to the minutes of the board meeting of Japan
Land held on 28 October 2009, the first defendant, as chairman of the meeting,
explained to board members that it had been convened to seek the board’s
approval for JDD, Japan Land’s wholly-owned subsidiary, to enter into the
Debenture and Security Undertaking in favour of the plaintiff. He also briefed
the board on the key terms of the documents and in this connection stated that
the Debenture created a fixed and floating charge over all the present and
future assets of JDD in favour of the plaintiff. Whilst the first defendant
did not draft these minutes, he confirmed in court that he had read, checked
and signed them subsequently. He confirmed that they were a correct record of
what was discussed at the meeting although later he resiled somewhat from that
admission. In relation to his knowledge, the first defendant came across as
evasive and untruthful.

53 The first defendant’s evidence during the trial was that he had received
drafts of the Debenture and the Security Undertaking on 27 October 2008 and
had read them “very very briefly”. He was asked if he had been able to
understand the terms of the documents and his reply was “I don’t think so”.
This reply was inconsistent with his evidence that it was common knowledge
that a debenture creates a fixed and floating charge over assets and he knew
this before the board meeting. He subsequently clarified that in this case he
understood the Debenture created a fixed and floating charge over the Data
Centre only. He specifically said he was not aware that it created such
charges over the present and future assets of JDD. However, when he was
pressed on the point, he admitted that at the time he signed the Debenture he
understood that it created a fixed and floating charge over all the present
and future assets of JDD.

54 This knowledge of the extent of the Debenture must have been reinforced
after its execution. First, Rodyk acted for JDD in relation to the Debenture
and although Rodyk was not able to advise JDD on the contents of the documents
before they were executed, the firm was available thereafter to answer any
questions the directors might have had on the documents. Secondly, the
plaintiff’s lawyers prepared a “Statement Containing Particulars of Charge”
(“the Statement”) in respect of the Debenture for filing with the relevant
authority and sent the same to Rodyk. The first defendant admitted in court
that he had received e-mails from Rodyk attaching a copy of the draft
Statement. The particulars in the Statement referring to the charges created
include “a charge on book debts of the company”. The first defendant said that
he did not recall discussing the draft particulars of the Statement with Rodyk
and also claimed that he did not ask Rodyk for any advice on the terms of the
Debenture.

55 I find it difficult to believe that with all the documents before him and
the part that he played in their approval and execution, the first defendant,
a qualified accountant with many years of experience in the business world,
did not know or understand the contents of the Debenture or appreciate that it
created a fixed charge on the book debts of JDD. The fact that he did not seek
any advice from Rodyk on the terms of the document, even after executing it,
indicates to me that he must have understood what he had signed, albeit
perhaps after he did so. In his AEIC, the first defendant claimed that he had
always been aware of his duty as a director of JDD and had taken care to seek
legal advice on all important affairs of JDD. I do not accept that an
experienced director like the first defendant would have failed to ask for
advice had he not understood what the Debenture provided.

56 As for the second defendant, he had attended the meeting in Japan at which
Mr Kurzboeck demanded security in return for the plaintiff continuing to carry
on work on the Data Centre. Therefore he was aware of the plaintiff’s
position. While he did not see the draft documents which detailed the security
required, Mr Kobayashi who was an executive of Japan Land, sent an e-mail to
the second defendant and to Mr Ono after sighting a copy of the Debenture.
This e-mail said:

I have read it. The draft done by the lawyer is legally sound but we need to
adjust the interests of the parties as follows. The problems in the contract
for the security interests are that Zander [i.e. M+W] wished to add everything
(refer to Clause 3.1) and I am wondering if this will infringe on the
Elchemi’s security interest creation.

57 During cross-examination, the second defendant claimed that while he did
read the e-mail from Mr Kobayashi, he did not bother to give it any thought or
seek any clarification from Mr Kobayashi or the first defendant as to what it
meant. The second defendant did, however, concede that he should have
understood that by the phrase “Zander wished to add everything” that the
plaintiff wanted security over all JDD’s assets. More significantly, the
second defendant admitted that by the time the Refinancing Agreement was
signed on 25 November 2009, he would have read the terms of the Debenture. He
did not confirm that he understood it, saying that he was no lawyer and did
not know certain words. However, the second defendant conceded that he had a
“general understanding” but not each word or each sentence. In his affidavit,
he had stated that the Refinancing Agreement was to secure the Debenture
(because it had been hurriedly executed by JDD) and that therefore the very
first clause of the Refinancing Agreement was “the clause to secure the
Debenture”. It should be noted that cl 1(a) of the Refinancing Agreement
states that JDD acknowledged and agreed that the bizfiling of the Debenture
was lawfully and properly carried out and that the Debenture was kept at the
registered office of JDD and was open to the inspection of any creditor or
member of JDD. The second defendant therefore was fully aware by 25 November
2009 that the Debenture was a valid document and that its clauses bound the
company. This being the case, he had a duty as a director of JDD to acquaint
himself with its terms and to understand its full import. As in the case of
the first defendant, he had every opportunity to ask Rodyk for advice on its
terms if he did not understand them.

58 Apart from the Refinancing Agreement, the defendants also executed other
documents which confirmed the enforceability of the Debenture. On 3 November
2009, the Investment Agreement was signed between JDD, Japan Land and CPH. In
cl 3.1.10, completion of the investment by CPH was expressly made subject to
the plaintiff having agreed to the termination of the Debenture, the security
undertaking and all other security and other agreements granted in relation
thereto. On 12 January 2010, JDD signed the Assignment Agreement with the
plaintiff, CPH and Elchemi. In this document, CPH agreed to undertake the
payment obligations of JDD to the plaintiff in return for, amongst other
things, an agreement on the part of JDD to execute a deed of discharge,
reassignment and release in respect of, _inter alia_ , the Debenture.

59 Thus, during the period from 28 October 2009 up to 12 January 2010, both
the defendants signed, on behalf of JDD, documents which referred to the
Debenture in terms that made it plain that this was a valid and enforceable
obligation of JDD which would have to be discharged for the investment by CPH
to take place. The defendants admitted that they took advice from Rodyk on the
terms of each of those documents. They would therefore have understood the
implications of the documents.

60 On the evidence, I find that the first defendant knew, at all material
times, and definitely before the receipt by JDD of the GST Refund, that the
Debenture covered all book debts belonging to JDD and that the same were
subject to a fixed charge. As for the second defendant, he was aware that the
Debenture covered all assets of JDD and, if he had taken advice in relation to
clauses that were unclear to him as he should have, would have been informed
and known that book debts formed part of the assets of JDD and were subject to
a charge in favour of the plaintiff.

61 The plaintiff submits that on the facts of this case there are only two
possibilities. Either:

(a) the defendants were well aware that the Debenture created a trust over the
GST Refund in favour of the plaintiff and prevented them from disposing of the
GST Refund for purposes other than repaying the plaintiff, but proceeded
regardless; or

(b) they had good grounds to suspect that the expenditure was not permitted or
at least that they were not permitted to freely dispose JDD’s assets, given
that the plaintiff had security over all of JDD’s assets, such that ordinary
honest people would consider it to be a breach of standards of honest conduct
if the defendants failed to make further adequate queries before disposing of
the funds.

The plaintiff further says that in both cases the defendants’ conduct would be
dishonest.

62 In my view, the first defendant fell within the first category. However,
even if this is not completely supported by the evidence, there is no doubt in
my mind that he fell within the second category as well. As for the second
defendant, in my judgment his failure (if indeed he was telling the truth) to
obtain an explanation for those parts of the Debenture which he did not
understand, was reckless. He therefore fell within the second category in that
he had good grounds to believe that JDD was not able to freely dispose of all
of its assets. I go on to consider whether the inference of dishonesty that I
have drawn can be displaced by certain matters on which the defendants rely in
answer to the plaintiff’s case.

The defendants’ rebuttals

63 The defendants have made two types of submissions as to why they should not
be considered dishonest in any event. The first category is set out at
[49(c)]–[49(e)] above and the second is set out at [49(f)] above.

64 The first category pertains to the enforceability of the Debenture and
consists of the allegations that: (a) that the parties had agreed not to
enforce the Debenture; (b) there was a collateral understanding that it was
not to be enforced; (c) no one was concerned about its terms and conditions;
and (d) no reasonable director would have given much importance to it because
of the events that took place after it was signed.

65 The defendants pleaded that there was a collateral agreement between JDD
and the plaintiff that the Debenture would not be enforced by the plaintiff
until the completion of the Data Centre and the completion of the Investment
Agreement. This was an oral agreement that arose from an assurance by Mr
Dedigama on 28 October 2009 that there would be no enforcement of the
Debenture and Security Undertaking. According to the first defendant, Mr
Dedigama said that he only needed the security to reassure his head office in
Vienna. On 6 November 2009, the plaintiff received a letter from Rodyk
(“Rodyk’s 6 November letter”) which stated that the basis on which the
documents were executed by JDD were: (a) to allow the plaintiff to receive
continued funding from its head office for the Data Centre; and (b) it was
never the intent of JDD, and Mr Dedigama was aware of this, for the documents
to take full effect in accordance with their terms pending JDD’s negotiations
with the plaintiff and Elchemi for a final resolution of the funding issues
for the Data Centre.

66 The plaintiff’s position, naturally, is that no collateral agreement
existed and that at all material times it was intended that the Debenture
would be a legally effective and enforcement security and would be discharged
only when payment was received from JDD.

67 The plaintiff also points out that the defendants’ explanation of their
understanding of the collateral agreement shifted many times:

(a) In their Defences, both defendants pleaded that the plaintiff would not
enforce the Debenture pending completion of the Data Centre and completion of
the Investment Agreement.

(b) In their AEICs, both defendants assert that they were assured by Mr
Dedigama “that there would be no enforcement of the Debenture and [Security
Undertaking]” (the implication of this was that there would be no enforcement
at all).

(c) In the Rodyk 6 November letter, it was said that the security documents
were “not meant to be registered nor enforced against our client. Once
executed the two documents were not meant to take effect pending our client’s
negotiations with your client and a potential investor, Elchemi Group, for a
final resolution of the funding issues for the [Data Centre]”. It should be
noted that this was also the description of the alleged collateral agreement
which was asserted in OS 389. In court, Mr Ang acknowledged that JDD’s
negotiations with Elchemi had reached their conclusion on 3 November 2009.
This would have meant that after 3 November 2009, the documents could be
registered and enforced, and therefore the Rodyk version was at odds with the
versions put forward by the defendants in their pleadings and AEICs.

(d) In court, the defendants refused to acknowledge inconsistencies between
the three versions of the collateral agreement. However, they conceded in
cross-examination that the Debenture was enforceable even if the Investment
Agreement was not completed. Thus, they expressly disavowed on the stand the
purported collateral agreement that they had pleaded and also asserted in
their AEICs.

68 I am satisfied that no collateral agreement existed in the terms as
pleaded. It would not be logical to have an agreement not to enforce the
Debenture until both the Data Centre and the Investment Agreement had been
completed because the completion of the latter document would have meant that
the plaintiff had been paid off and once this happened there would be nothing
to enforce. It must have been this recognition that impelled the defendants
when questioned in court to resile from that part of their pleadings. I am,
however, also satisfied that there was no general agreement not to enforce the
security documents at all.

69 It should be noted that on 27 October 2009 Mr Dedigama sent an e-mail to
the first defendant regarding the execution of the documents in which he said:

Please note that the debenture and security undertaking agreement are purely
there to ensure that we do not proceed with the issuance of a notice as we are
entitled to under the Security of Payment Act. The documents are there only to
protect us in the event you do not make the payments as agreed.

It can be seen from this that the plaintiff’s main intention in procuring the
security from JDD was to have protection in the event that JDD did not make
payment to the plaintiff as agreed. This sentence can by no means be read as
an agreement not to enforce and, having put the plaintiff’s position so
clearly on paper, I do not accept that on 28 October 2009 Mr Dedigama said
anything to contradict or adversely affect that position. I note that in court
the second defendant confirmed that what Mr Dedigama had said on 28 October
2009 was that the Debenture would not take effect if the investors’ money came
in. Such a statement was consistent with the email indicating the Debenture
was required as protection in the event of non-payment.

70 The Rodyk 6 November letter did provide some support to the defendants but
its weight was undermined by JDD’s failure to respond to the plaintiff’s
solicitors’ strong rebuttal dated 10 November 2009. This was a four-page
letter setting out the parties’ actions and discussions in some detail and
asserting that: (a) none of the alleged representations had been made by Mr
Dedigama; (b) there was no understanding that the security documents were not
meant to be registered or to take effect; (c) the security documents reflected
the full understanding of the parties; and (d) JDD knew and accepted that the
Debenture was intended to be registered and take full effect as security for
the plaintiff’s benefit. The first defendant testified that he had instructed
Rodyk to respond to the 10 November 2009 letter but when Rodyk’s draft reply
was received by him, Mr Ang did not want it sent out because he did not want
to upset the plaintiff for fear doing so would jeopardise the Investment
Agreement. This testimony was at odds with what the first defendant had said
in OS 389 which was to the effect that he had been of the opinion that there
was no need to respond to the 10 November 2009 letter as JDD had consistently
maintained that the security documents were never meant to take full effect
and this position had been set out clearly in Rodyk’s 6 November letter. When
the first defendant was asked why he had given different evidence in OS 389,
he said that he did not find it necessary then to mention that Mr Ang had told
him not to send out the reply and the position then had been different because
he was just a witness in OS 389. If the first defendant’s evidence in this
case was the truth, then it shows that he was aware that the plaintiff did not
accept JDD’s position on the enforceability of the documents but,
nevertheless, kept his peace instead of setting the record straight and
protecting JDD’s position. This does not inspire confidence in the strength of
his belief.

71 It is also worth pointing out that in the Security Undertaking JDD agreed
to pay the plaintiff, on or before 2 November 2009 or such later date as the
plaintiff may agree to, at least $24m as part payment of the “Overdue Amounts”
which JDD acknowledged as being $59,382,895.95 (excluding GST) as at 27
October 2009. The Security Undertaking also provided that if such payment was
not made, the plaintiff would be entitled to stop work on the Data Centre and
this would be without prejudice to its rights to take any legal action or
enforce any of its rights under the Construction Contract. No payment was made
on 2 November 2009. On the same evening, one of Mr Dedigama’s colleagues sent
JDD an e-mail demanding payment of the outstanding sums due. The very next
day, as alluded to earlier, the plaintiff commenced action under SOPA. In my
judgment, the plaintiff’s actions demonstrated to JDD its intention that the
Debenture should secure JDD’s payment obligations and that if JDD did not meet
those obligations, the plaintiff would be entitled to take whatever action it
deemed fit to protect itself.

72 Whilst the plaintiff did not take any drastic steps to enforce the
Debenture in November 2009 or thereafter, it must be remembered that it was
working to protect its security by obtaining JTC’s consent to the mortgage and
Assignment of Building Agreement. More generally, from a commercial point of
view, to the extent that the plaintiff saw the potential for CPH to complete
its investment and pay off the debt owed to it, the plaintiff must have seen
this as a better option than enforcement. In this connection, the plaintiff
procured the registration of the charges with ACRA. Such registration was not
challenged by JDD after it signed the Refinancing Agreement on 25 November
2009. As mentioned earlier, this document expressly provided that bilateral
agreements between the plaintiff and JDD including the Debenture would remain
fully binding and enforceable. Thus, even if there had been an oral collateral
agreement in October 2009, such agreement would have been superseded by the
terms of the Refinancing Agreement.

73 In this connection, I observe that the only agreement which the plaintiff
entered in relation to enforcement was that contained in and conditioned by
the terms of the Refinancing Agreement. This agreement contained three sets of
obligations as follows:

(a) JDD agreed, amongst other things, that the registration of the Statement
with ACRA was lawful, that it would obtain JDD’s approval for the mortgage and
Assignment of Building Agreement, that within three days of receipt (and in
any event no later than 31 January 2010) of the Investment Amount (basically
the amount owing from JDD plus an extra $5m) from CPH it would place this in
an escrow account and execute a charge over the escrow account in favour of
the plaintiff, and that the money in the escrow account would only be used to
discharge its payment obligations to the plaintiff.

(b) CPH represented and warranted that it had the capacity to raise the
Investment Amount and would use the same to fulfil its obligations to JDD
pursuant to the Investment Agreement. It would do so by 31 January 2010 by,
_inter alia_ , transferring such sums of money to JDD as would be sufficient
for JDD to repay the plaintiff.

(c) The plaintiff agreed that when all moneys due to it under the Construction
Contract had been paid, it would withdraw pending adjudication proceedings and
release and terminate the Debenture, discharge the Assignment of Building
Agreement and mortgage, and withdraw the caveats lodged against the Property.
It also agreed to approach the adjudicator appointed for the SOPA proceedings
to request an extension of the adjudication process up to 31 January 2010 or
the date of the Japan Land EGM to approve the investment by CPH, whichever was
earlier.

74 It would be noted that the plaintiff was willing to allow time for the
terms of the Investment Agreement to be accomplished and in that respect was
willing to suspend the adjudication proceedings that were pending then. The
cut-off date for achievement of the Investment Agreement was 31 January 2010.
Until then, although it was not stated expressly, it could be implied that as
long as JDD complied with its obligations to get JTC’s approval for the
mortgage and Assignment of Building Agreement, the plaintiff would not take
enforcement action under the Debenture or any other security document. This
agreement to withhold enforcement action did not, however, mean that the
Debenture was not a valid and enforceable document. Further, it did not mean
that the plaintiff had agreed that JDD need not comply with its obligations
under the Debenture in respect of the assets charged by that document.

75 I therefore reject the defendants’ submission that the parties had orally
agreed not to enforce the Debenture and that no one was concerned about its
terms and conditions. The defendants did not give a specific date for the
conclusion of the oral agreement but, in view of the evidence, such agreement
could not have come about after 6 November 2009 since it was contradicted by
the plaintiff’s solicitors’ letter of 10 November 2009. Any oral agreement
concluded before the signing of the Refinancing Agreement on 25 November 2009
would then have been totally superseded.

76 I accept that from November 2009 until March 2010 there was no attempt to
enforce the Debenture but that is a neutral fact which does not of itself
imply that there was an agreement not to enforce the Debenture at all. The
evidence shows that the plaintiff was keen to be paid off and was convinced
that the most efficient route to achieving this aim was to work with CPH and
JDD. That was a commercial decision that the plaintiff was entitled to make
and it did so in the knowledge that it had enforceable security should payment
eventually not be made.

The Assignment Agreement

77 The defendants also pleaded that the plaintiff did not have any right or
interest under the Debenture from 12 January 2010, when the Assignment
Agreement was signed, to 17 March 2010 when the Assignment Agreement was
terminated, and therefore was not entitled to any money received by JDD during
that period. The particulars of this pleading stated that the plaintiff had
assigned its rights under the Construction Contract to CPH and the obligation
of the defendants, as JDD directors, were therefore to CPH and not to the
plaintiff.

78 I do not accept this point. It is clear from a proper reading of the
Assignment Agreement that the assignment it contained only took effect from
the date of receipt by the plaintiff of various payments to be made by CPH as
the assignee under cl 2 of the Assignment Agreement. Among these payment
obligations was the liability to pay the plaintiff $154,984,800.40 on or
before 28 January 2010. This sum was not paid on 28 January 2010 or on any
date thereafter. CPH also undertook to deposit $50m in an escrow account by 28
January 2010. This was not done either. The Assignment Agreement provided that
upon the receipt of the sum of $154,984,800.40 and a charge over the escrow
account, the plaintiff would execute a deed of discharge, reassignment and
release in respect of “the Debtor Security Documents” which included the
Debenture. Pending execution of this deed, nothing in the Assignment Agreement
was to “confer on JDD, CPH or Elchemi any rights to require [the plaintiff] to
refrain from exercising any of its rights under the Debtor Security Documents
or be construed as a waiver of any of [the plaintiff’s] rights under the
Debtor Security Documents” (cl 4.3).

79 Therefore, pursuant to the Assignment Agreement, JDD remained bound by all
the security obligations under the Debenture until and unless CPH made payment
as obliged and the plaintiff executed a deed of reassignment, release and
discharge.

80 In court, the defendants submitted that they were informed of the principal
terms of the Assignment Agreement in December 2009 by way of a term sheet
circulated by the plaintiff’s in-house counsel. The second defendant admitted
that he had understood from the term sheet that CPH was to make payment for
the assignment. The first defendant, after quite a bit of prevarication, also
admitted that his understanding of the term sheet was that the assignment was
to become effective when CPH paid the outstanding amount due to the plaintiff.
JDD itself received legal advice on the Debenture and the first defendant was
the one who was in contact with the lawyers. If he did not understand the
terms, they would have explained the same to him.

81 I am satisfied that in fact both defendants knew and understood that any
transfer of interest from the plaintiff to CPH would only occur when CPH made
payment of the outstanding amount of $154,984,800.40. They were also aware
that no payment had been made by CPH up to 17 March 2010. Therefore, they
could not have honestly believed during the relevant period between 12 January
2010 and 17 March 2010 that the plaintiff had no rights under the Debenture at
that time.

Belief in CPH

82 This argument is foreshadowed in [49(f)] above. The defendants submit that
they honestly believed that CPH would be able to provide funding and repay the
plaintiff. I accept that submission to a certain extent. It was clear from the
conduct of CPH and its director, Mr Ang, that CPH was very keen to invest in
JDD. This was shown not only by the various documents that CPH signed but also
by Mr Ang’s conduct and assurances. However, CPH did fail to come up with the
amount it had promised to pay the plaintiff in November 2009 and the
defendants must have realised that CPH’s ability to invest was contingent on
it obtaining funding and that its own resources were not vast. As experienced
businessmen, the defendants must have realised by 31 January 2010, at the
latest, when CPH failed to meet its obligations under the Refinancing
Agreement and did not come up with the funds needed to repay the plaintiff,
that CPH was having difficulty and the Investment Agreement might not be
completed. This should have engendered more caution on their part with respect
to the propriety of acting on Mr Ang’s instructions. In any case, the fact
that the defendants always obtained Mr Ang’s approval prior to making any
payment from the DBS Account is immaterial. Mr Ang was not authorised to
approve the expenditure of money that was held on trust for the plaintiff.

83 Further, even if the defendants were entitled to believe completely in
CPH’s ability to undertake the investment and repay the plaintiff, this does
not absolve the defendants from the consequences of using the charged moneys
to pay third parties. In _Royal Brunei_ , Lord Nicholls observed at 393 that:

The Court of Appeal held that it was not established that B.L.T. was guilty of
fraud or dishonesty in relation to the amounts it held for the airline. Their
Lordships understand that by this the Court of Appeal meant that it was not
established that the defendant intended to defraud the airline. The defendant
hoped, maybe expected, to be able to pay the airline, but the money was lost
in the ordinary course of a poorly-run business with heavy overhead expenses.
These facts are beside the point. _The defendant had no right to employ the
money in the business at all. That was the breach of trust. The company’s
inability to pay the airline was the consequence of that breach of trust._
[emphasis added]

Honest belief

84 The defendants also argue that the various expenses that JDD paid with
funds from the DBS Account were either for the benefit of the Data Centre and
required to preserve the security under the Debenture, or were necessary for
other reasons. As a general observation, this argument does not excuse the
unauthorised application of funds. Where payments were necessary to preserve
the security under the Debenture, the defendants could have notified the
plaintiff of the same and obtained the plaintiff’s approval for payment. It is
highly unlikely that the plaintiff would have refused to authorise payment for
items like property tax and insurance premiums. Where the payments related to
JDD’s other obligations, the plaintiff should still have been notified and if
it had refused authorisation, such refusal would have had to be obeyed.

85 Quite apart from the question of authority from the plaintiff, in my view,
there are a number of items which an objective person would have realised had
nothing to do with the security and that the plaintiff was very likely to
refuse to agree to payment of the same. In those cases especially, on the
objective standard, the defendants were acting dishonestly in authorising
payment without reference to the plaintiff. Many of these payments were made
after 31 January 2010 when CPH was in default of its obligations under the
Refinancing Agreement and the prospects of completion of the Investment
Agreement were more uncertain.

86 The particular payments which I consider the defendants could not honestly
have believed to be in the interest of preserving the security are the
following:

(a) Payment of $300,000 on 14 January 2010 to CPH as 10% of its management fee
payable for managing the Data Centre.

(b) $2.98m paid on 25 January 2010 for fitting out works in the Data Centre
(these were needed for future business of the Data Centre, not its physical
condition as security).

(c) $334,478.69 paid to Japan Land on 4 February 2010 in relation to interest
due on some preference shares. The second defendant’s explanation was that
this was done so that the Investment Agreement was not held up but the
necessity for this payment at that time is not obvious. The first defendant
had testified that Japan Land was not demanding payment.

(d) $300,000 paid to Japan Land in respect of interest on a loan given to JDD
by Japan Land. CPH had taken over the debt and payment was allegedly needed to
prevent Japan Land from suing CPH and upsetting the investment. Again, this
payment had nothing to do with the Data Centre _per se_ and there was no
evidence that there was a serious likelihood of CPH actually being sued. In
any case, at the time payment was made, CPH was already in default of its
obligations under the Refinancing Agreement and, had they thought about it,
the defendants would have realised that the plaintiff was unlikely to
authorise such payment.

(e) The sum of $200,000 paid to DBS Bank as a fund-raising fee on 23 February
2010\. This fee was payable by CPH and there was no legal obligation on JDD to
pay it. The payment was not necessary to safeguard the Data Centre.

(f) Substantial payments were made to JDD’s consultants for services that had
already been rendered. These companies could have sued JDD but they had no
claim against the Data Centre and it was therefore wrong, in the light of the
security given to the plaintiff, for JDD to prefer these consultants over its
obligations to the plaintiff by using the plaintiff’s money to settle their
bills.

Summary

87 For the reasons given above, I have come to the conclusion that the
defendants dishonestly assisted JDD in its breach of trust when it applied
moneys from the DBS Account towards payment of JDD’s obligations without the
prior consent of the plaintiff. I also find that the defendants are not
entitled to defend the claim on the basis of the defences pleaded.
Accordingly, I hold the defendants liable jointly and severally for the
plaintiff’s claim.

Inducement of breach of contract

88 For the defendants to be liable for inducing a breach of contract between
JDD and the plaintiff, the plaintiff must show that:

(a) the defendants knew of the contract and intended for it to be breached;

(b) the defendants induced the breach; and

(c) the contract was breached and damage was suffered.

Did the defendants know of the contract and intend for it to be breached?

89 There is no dispute that as JDD’s directors, the defendants knew about the
Debenture and Security Undertaking. I have also found that they knew or were
in a position to know the import of the Debenture in relation to Monetary
Claims. The dispute is whether the defendants intended for the Debenture to be
breached.

90 On intention, _Tribune Investment Trust Inc v Soosan Trading Co Ltd_ [2000]
2 SLR(R) 407 (“ _Tribune Investment Trust_ ”) at [17] held that the inquiry
into the procurer’s intention was an objective determination and the defendant
must be found to have intended to interfere with the plaintiff’s contractual
rights knowingly. Normally, this would involve some deliberate conduct by the
defendant in order for the action to succeed. The state of mind needed for
intention to be found was stated by Lord Hoffmann in _OBG Ltd and another v
Allan and others_ [2008] 1 AC 1 (“ _OBG Ltd_ ”) at [42]–[43] in the following
terms:

42 … It is necessary for this purpose to distinguish between ends, means and
consequences. If someone knowingly causes a breach of contract, it does not
normally matter that it is the means by which he intends to achieve some
further end or even that he would rather have been able to achieve that end
without causing a breach. …

43 On the other hand, if the breach of contract is neither an end in itself
nor a means to an end, but merely a foreseeable consequence, then in my
opinion it cannot for this purpose be said to have been intended. …

91 _Zim Integrated Shipping Services Ltd v Dafni Igal_ [2010] 2 SLR 426 at
[19] supports the above proposition. It would be insufficient if the acts
committed merely had the effect of breaching the contract. It was thus stated
in Gary Chan Kok Yew and Lee Pey Woan, _The Law of Torts in Singapore_
(Academy Publishing, 2011) at para 15.009 that the requisite intention is only
satisfied if the inducer has intended the breach of contract as an end in
itself, or as a means to a desired end. The authors appear to view _Tribune
Investment Trust_ as being consistent with _OBG Ltd_ and the authorities cited
in _Tribune Investment Trust_ appear to agree with the view that the breach
must have been intended. This is so even in the case where two parties enter
into a contract which is incompatible with the contract that one party had
with a third party: see _British Motor Trade Association v Salvadori and
others_ [1949] 1 Ch 556.

92 Here, it is perhaps possible to argue that although the defendants knew
about the terms of the Debenture or were reckless in making the various
payments, they did not have any intention of inducing a breach of contract
between JDD and the plaintiff. Most of the payments were to meet the ordinary
expenses of the Data Centre like the utility bills or so as to get CPH on
board. The latter aim was to be accomplished by ensuring that no unfavourable
developments took place during the period in which the parties were awaiting
completion of the Investment Agreement. However, I think this argument fails.
I have held that the defendants dishonestly assisted JDD in a breach of trust.
It must follow that they intended to breach the terms of the Debenture when
they used the plaintiff’s money to pay third parties. The breach of contract
here was “a means to an end” in Lord Hoffmann’s words and, objectively,
established an intention to knowingly interfere with the plaintiff’s rights.

Are the defendants protected by “Said v Butt”?

93 In their defence, the defendants relied on the rule in _Said v Butt_ [1920]
3 KB 497 (“ _Said v Butt_ ”) which states that agents are not liable if it can
be shown that they had acted _bona fide_ in the circumstances and within the
scope of their authority. The plaintiff’s view is that the defendants cannot
have acted _bona fide_ because they disregarded the terms of the Debenture
which prohibited JDD from spending the GST Refund moneys other than to repay
the plaintiff. The question here is whether the _Said v Butt_ rule applies on
the facts.

94 _Said v Butt_ was a case of contract formation. In that case, the plaintiff
had obtained a ticket for a theatre play via a friend’s agency because he knew
that if he applied for a ticket directly, he would be refused. His friend did
not disclose that the ticket was for the plaintiff. On the day of the
performance, the defendant, a director of the theatre, refused to let the
plaintiff into the theatre and the plaintiff sued the defendant for procuring
a breach of contract between the theatre and him. The court held, first, that
no valid contract had been formed because the plaintiff’s identity was
material to the formation of the contract formation and it had not been
disclosed. Second, if a valid contract had been formed, the defendant was not
liable to the plaintiff because he had acted _bona fide_ within the scope of
his authority. The court held (at 506) that:

… if a servant acting _bona fide_ within the scope of his authority procures
or causes the breach of a contract between his employer and a third person, he
does not thereby become liable to an action of tort at the suit of the person
whose contract has thereby been broken. …

95 _Said v Butt_ was followed in _Chong Hon Kum Ivan v Levy Maurice_ [2004] 4
SLR(R) 801 (“ _Ivan Chong_ ”). Woo Bih Li J noted (at [26]) that subsequent to
_Said v Butt_ , the Supreme Court of New South Wales had endorsed the
principle that a director is not liable in tort for a company’s breach of
contract if the director was acting within the scope of his authority. In
_Nagase Singapore Pte Ltd v Ching Kai Huat_ [2008] 1 SLR(R) 80 (“ _Nagase_ ”)
at [9], I made the observation that the rule in _Said v Butt_ was meant to “
_protect persons in authority within corporate entities who genuinely and
honestly endeavoured to act in the company’s best interests._ ” [emphasis
added]. On the facts in _Nagase_ , I held that the rule therefore did not
apply to a person who wrongfully and dishonestly caused his employer to
overcharge its customers. I should add that the facts in _Nagase_ were quite
different in that the defendant there was the owner and controlling mind of
the company and stood to gain personally from his actions in relation to the
company. Here, it is certainly arguable that, focussed as they were on
achieving the continued existence of JDD through the completion of the
Investment Agreement, the defendants considered that paying JDD’s other
liabilities was the right thing to do. After all, the plaintiff had additional
security in the form of the Data Centre and CPH would have to fully discharge
JDD”s liabilities to the plaintiff on completion of the investment. The
difficulty here arises from the fact that JDD was in a situation where a
choice had to be made between creditors. On the one hand, it was in JDD’s
interest to pay various obligations to third parties, any of whom could have
brought action against JDD. On the other hand, it was also in its interest to
abide by the terms of the Debenture.

96 The facts in _Ng Joo Soon v Dovechem Holdings Pte Ltd and another suit_
[2011] 1 SLR 1155 (“ _Ng Joo Soon_ ”) address the _Said v Butt_ rule as well.
In that case, the plaintiff was removed as a director of the defendant company
when he reached 70 years of age. He sought a declaration that he was
wrongfully removed and an order that he be allowed to inspect certain company
records. He also claimed against the other directors (who were his family
members) for inducing breach of agreements between him and the defendant
company. Philip Pillai J held that the fact that the persons sued were
directors of the company would not, _ipso facto_ , give rise to a separate
personal cause of action of inducing breach of contract. They might have been
mistaken with respect to their contractual obligations towards the plaintiff,
but that would not mean that they had acted without _bona fides_. It would not
put them beyond the _Said v Butt_ rule (at [77]). The difference between that
case and this is the presence of dishonesty here.

97 The evidence here pointed towards the defendants doing everything they
could to carry on the business of JDD normally so as to cooperate with CPH and
keep it on board. They did put the interests of CPH as the potential new owner
of JDD ahead of those of the plaintiff but that was because they were hopeful
that CPH would pay the plaintiff off. Also, perhaps there is a distinction
between defendants who act beyond their scope of authority and those who act
_wrongly_ within the scope of their authority. The facts show that the
defendants here fall within the latter category as it was within their
authority to approve and make payment of JDD’s various debts but they did so
wrongfully and in breach of JDD’s obligations under the Debenture. The
question is whether they can be said to have acted _bona fide_ in the
interests of JDD when they knew their actions would cause JDD to breach the
Debenture. I have, somewhat reluctantly, come to the conclusion that on
balance they were not acting _bona fide_ in these circumstances. I conclude,
albeit with some hesitation, that they fall outside the _Said v Butt_ rule.
They must, therefore, also be held liable for inducing a breach of contract.

Fraudulent trading

Was the allegation of fraud sufficiently pleaded?

98 The defendants object to this cause of action on the basis that the
allegation of fraud was not sufficiently pleaded.

99 Order 18, r 12(1)(a) of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, r 5, 2006 Rev Ed)
reads:

**12**.—(1) Subject to paragraph (2), every pleading must contain the
necessary particulars of any claim, defence or other matter pleaded including,
without prejudice to the generality of the foregoing words —

(_a_) particulars of any misrepresentation, fraud, breach of trust, wilful
default or undue influence on which the party pleading relies; …

100 It is clear that an allegation of fraud must be distinctly alleged and
proved and cannot be inferred from the facts. In _Tan Boon Hock v Aero
Supplies Systems Engineering Pte Ltd_ [1993] SGHC 237, L P Thean JA held that
in an action based on the tort of deceit, there were certain essential
elements that had to be specifically pleaded which had not been pleaded by the
plaintiff. On that basis, he held that the claim based on fraud could not be
sustained.

101 Here, the plaintiff’s pleadings were sufficiently detailed to sustain an
action of fraudulent trading. In its statement of claim, it had referred to
the material acts of the defendants that it intended to rely on to sustain its
case based on fraudulent trading. Given that the objective of pleadings is to
enable the other side to prepare his case so he can meet the case against him
and to facilitate trial proceedings by limiting the issues to be tried and for
which discovery is required (_Singapore Civil Procedure 2015_ , vol 1 (G P
Selvam gen ed) (Sweet & Maxwell Asia, 2015) at para 18/12/2), I consider that
the pleadings here were adequate.

Are the ingredients of s 340 of the Companies Act met?

102 Section 340(1) of the Act reads:

**340**.—(1) If, in the course of the winding up of a company or in any
proceedings against a company, _it appears that any business of the company
has been carried on with intent to defraud creditors of the company or
creditors of any other person or for any fraudulent purpose_ , the Court, on
the application of the liquidator or any creditor or contributory of the
company, may, if it thinks proper to do so, declare that _any person who was
knowingly a party to the carrying on of the business in that manner shall be
personally responsible_ , without any limitation of liability, for all or any
of the debts or other liabilities of the company as the Court directs.
[emphasis added]

A plain reading of the provision shows that there are two limbs that the
plaintiff has to prove in order to succeed in its case of fraudulent trading.
First, the plaintiff has to show that the business of the company had been
carried on with the intention of defrauding the company’s creditors or any
other person or for any fraudulent purpose. Next, it has to show that the
defendants were knowingly parties to the business being carried out in that
manner.

Was the company’s business carried out with intent to defraud creditors?

103 In _Tang Yoke Kheng (trading as Niklex Supply Co) v Lek Benedict_ [2005] 3
SLR(R) 263 (“ _Tang Yoke Kheng_ ”), the Court of Appeal held at [7] in
relation to fraud that:

… To defraud someone is to cheat him, but what is cheating? The best that one
can say is that it is an act or omission in which the fraudster deceives the
innocent party so as to enrich the fraudster, or cause the innocent party to
suffer a loss or detriment. But the fraudster or cheat may achieve his
objective in any number of ways. The only invariable element is the element of
dishonesty on the part of the fraudster or cheat. Whether any given
circumstances amount to fraud is a question of fact to be determined by the
court …

Whilst the definition of fraud is somewhat open-ended, it is clear that for it
to exist there must be an element of dishonesty which results in deception of
an innocent party. The Court of Appeal also held that the objective standard
of what an honest person would have done in the circumstances was not the sole
test of dishonesty because it meant that the court had to be convinced that
the negative answer in the circumstances would amount to fraud: _Tang Yoke
Kheng_ at [9].

104 Belinda Ang Saw Ean J decided in _Liquidator of Leong Seng Hin Piling Pte
Ltd v Chan Ah Lek_ [2007] 2 SLR(R) 77 (“ _Leong Seng Hin Piling_ ”) that the
subjective intention of the defendant that he had acted in good faith
constituted evidence which the court evaluated and tested against the weight
of the other objective facts available and, if required, the objective
standard of the reasonable man. In this light, the defendants’ submission that
“fraud has to be looked at subjectively” must be rejected.

105 The standard of proof was also established in _Tang Yoke Kheng_ at [14] to
be one on a balance of probabilities. However, the more serious the
allegation, the more the plaintiff would have to do to establish his case.

106 The defendants raised two other cases in their submissions: _Welham v
Director of Public Prosecutions_ [1961] 1 AC 103 (“ _Welham_ ”) at 123 and _In
Re London and Globe Finance Corporation, Limited_ [1903] 1 Ch 728 (“ _London
and Globe Finance Corporation_ ”) at 733. However, these were not referred to
in the Singapore decisions on s 340 of the Act. In any case, the two cases
pertain to very different facts. _Welham_ involved a case of forgery and
_London and Globe Finance Corporation_ involved the issue of whether leave
should be given to institute criminal proceedings against the directors of a
company and whether the costs of prosecution should be paid out of the
company’s assets. As such, they are immaterial to the outcome of this case.

107 Here, in my judgement, the plaintiff has not proved that JDD was carrying
on business with a fraudulent purpose to deceive its creditors. All the
plaintiff relied on to prove its case was that the defendants expected to
receive the GST Refund and that they knew JDD’s assets were subject to a fixed
charge in favour of the plaintiff. However, the Debenture and the other
security documents, including the Refinancing Agreement, were entered into
specifically to allow JDD to carry on the business of building the Data Centre
and readying it for occupation while attempting to raise funds to pay off the
plaintiff. While the parties envisaged that the funds would come from CPH, it
was not inconceivable that if CPH could not perform another buyer could be
found on completion of the Data Centre. To get a good price, it was essential
that the Data Centre be completed and the plaintiff knew this. The plaintiff
knew, or must have known, that JDD would continue to incur some indebtedness
in the course of completing the project. The plaintiff did not object to this
happening as long as, to its knowledge, its money was not used to pay such
expenses. The plaintiff may have thought that JDD was paying for its expenses
by other means instead of using the GST Refund moneys. In any case, it did not
ask about this and was content to rest on its security documentation.

108 As stated earlier, the more serious the allegation, the more convincing
the proof must be for a finding of liability. Ang J held in _Leong Seng Hin
Piling_ at [17] that “[t]he emphasis is on the need for convincing evidence”
and the section is not engaged in every case where an individual creditor has
been defrauded in the course of the carrying on of the business of the
company. The section requires carrying on business with an intent to defraud.
As I mentioned above, it was the intention of all the parties including the
plaintiff that the business of JDD should be carried on. No doubt the
plaintiff did not expect money charged to it to be used to pay other debts but
such payments were not made by the defendants with a general intention to
defraud JDD’s creditors. In my judgment, the plaintiff has not discharged its
burden of proof here and, on this limb, the plaintiff’s case under s 340(1)
must fail.

Conclusion

109 For the reasons given above, the plaintiff has succeeded in its claim
against the defendants. I therefore order the defendants jointly and severally
to pay the plaintiff the sum of $5,348,413.51 together with interest at the
court rate from the date of the writ. The plaintiff is entitled to costs. I
will hear the parties on the quantum of costs and on whether any orders for an
account need to be made in respect of other sums that may have been paid by
JDD from Monetary Claims between 28 October 2009 and the end of March 2010. I
am not sure that there are such sums and hence am not making any order for an
account yet.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 16 Jan 2015 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

