Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Prabagaran a/l Srivijayan _v_ Public Prosecutor  
[2015] SGCA 64

Case Number| :| Criminal Appeal No 12 of 2014  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 30 November 2015  
Tribunal/Court| :| Court of Appeal  
Coram| :|  Chao Hick Tin JA; Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA; Tay Yong Kwang J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Eugene Thuraisingam and Suang Wijaya (Eugene Thuraisingam
LLP) and Chenthil Kumarasingam (Quahe Woo & Palmer LLC) for the appellant;
Wong Kok Weng and Goh Yi Ling (Attorney-General's Chambers) for the
respondent.  
Parties| :|  PRABAGARAN A/L SRIVIJAYAN — PUBLIC PROSECUTOR  
  
[LawNet Editorial Note: This was an appeal from the decision of the High Court
in [2014] SGHC 222.]

30 November 2015|  
---|---  
  
Tay Yong Kwang J (delivering the grounds of decision of the court):

Introduction

1 In the early morning of 12 April 2012, Prabagaran a/l Srivijayan (“the
Appellant”), a Malaysian, then 24 years of age, drove a Malaysian-registered
car, a Hyundai Sonata, into Singapore. The car had two black bundles hidden
underneath the tray inside the centre arm rest console between the driver’s
seat and the front passenger’s seat. The bundles were subsequently found to
contain not less than 22.24g of diamorphine. Accordingly, the Appellant was
charged under s 7 of the Misuse of Drugs Act (Cap 185, 2008 Rev Ed) (“MDA”):

That you, **PRABAGARAN A/L SRIVIJAYAN** ,

on 12 April 2012, at about 5.15 a.m., at Woodlands Checkpoint, Singapore,
inside Malaysian-registered vehicle bearing registration number JHY 93, did
import a controlled drug specified as a “Class A drug” in the First Schedule
to the Misuse of Drugs Act (Cap 185, 2008 Rev Ed) (“the Act”), to wit, two
packets of granular substance which was analysed and found to contain not less
than **22.24 grams of diamorphine** , without any authorisation under the Act
or the regulations made thereunder, and you have thereby committed an offence
under s 7 and punishable under s 33 of the Act, and further upon your
conviction under s 7 of the Act, you may alternatively be liable to be
punished under s 33B of the Act.

2 The Appellant claimed trial. On 22 July 2014, the trial judge (“the Judge”)
convicted the Appellant. In so doing, the Judge disbelieved the Appellant’s
account that he did not know there were drugs in the car. On 22 September
2014, the Judge sentenced the Appellant to suffer the punishment of death
under s 33 of the MDA. The sentence is mandatory as the Prosecution decided
not to issue a certificate of substantive assistance under s 33B(2)(_b_) of
the MDA.

3 The Appellant appealed against his conviction. On 2 October 2015, we
dismissed the appeal. We now set out the reasons for our decision.

The Appellant’s final account of the facts

4 There were various accounts proffered by the Appellant on what happened in
the days leading up to his arrest. This is his final account which combines
all that he said to the police which is not inconsistent with his evidence at
trial and the evidence he gave during the trial.

5 The critical events began with the Appellant’s departure from a printing
company called “ECS” which was located at Kaki Bukit, Singapore. The Appellant
was employed as a “machine operator”[note: 1] in ECS. He found the work tough
and did not turn up for work regularly. Sometime in February or early March
2012, he stopped turning up for work[note: 2] without informing ECS that he
wanted to stop working there. When ECS tried to contact him, he did not answer
the call. On the sixth day that he did not turn up for work, his work permit
was cancelled and ECS stopped contacting him,[note: 3] even though the work
permit and the gate pass into ECS were still in his possession.

6 In April 2012, the Appellant found new employment as a pump attendant at a
Caltex petrol kiosk in Bukit Batok, Singapore.[note: 4] His first day of work
was to be 9 April 2012 and his working hours were from 3pm to 11pm. However,
the Appellant decided not to work that day. He spent part of the morning
looking for other jobs (namely, security jobs at two guard posts and at a
Woodlands warehouse) and looking around the Bukit Batok Caltex petrol
kiosk.[note: 5] He was riding his motorcycle bearing registration number JMV
9765 that day. At about 7am to 8am, he returned to Malaysia.

7 He stayed in Malaysia for the rest of the day.[note: 6] That night, he went
to the house of a close friend, “Balu”, which was located in Skudai. He
planned to return the work permit and the gate pass to ECS the next day and
anticipated that it would be tiring to “go to two locations at ECS and
Caltex”, so he wanted Balu’s help to borrow a car which he could rest
in.[note: 7] Balu managed to borrow a car from his close friend, “Nathan”, for
the Appellant’s use. Nathan also knew the Appellant but the Appellant did not
consider Nathan and himself to be close friends, given that they only met
about two to three months ago when the Appellant was visiting Balu at Balu’s
house.[note: 8]

8 On 10 April 2012, the Appellant rode his motorcycle to Balu’s house to
collect Nathan’s car, which was parked at Balu’s house. The Appellant left his
motorcycle behind at Balu’s house and drove Nathan’s car towards
Singapore.[note: 9] This was about 4am to 5am. The Appellant had set off early
in the morning in order “to avoid the ERP on the expressways that [he] will
take to get to Kakit Bukit. … The ERP timing that [he] was avoiding was 7.30am
to 9.30am.”[note: 10] If he had driven through the Electronic Road Pricing
(“ERP”) gantry when it was operating, he would be fined $70 because there was
no “machine inside the car for the ERP”.[note: 11]

9 At the Woodlands Checkpoint, the Appellant realised that he had left the
work permit and the gate pass at home. As he was not allowed to make a U-turn
back into Malaysia, he drove into Singapore, down the Bukit Timah Expressway
to somewhere near the Turf Club, went for a toilet break and then rested in
the car for a while before driving back to Balu’s house in Malaysia. He
returned the car at Balu’s house and rode his motorcycle home. After taking a
nap at home, he made a second trip, this time on his motorcycle, to Singapore
to the Caltex petrol kiosk in Bukit Batok where he was required to report by
2.30pm. His shift started at 3pm and ended at 11pm. After work, he returned
home.[note: 12] The day ended without the Appellant returning the work permit
and the gate pass to ECS.

10 On 11 April 2012, at about 10am or 11am, the “motorbike shop” where the
Appellant bought his motorcycle called about the overdue monthly instalments
payable on the motorcycle loan. The motorbike shop contacted the Appellant
through his brother’s handphone as it did not have his contact number. It did,
however, have the number of his brother, who was the guarantor for the loan
and who had also bought a motorcycle from the shop.[note: 13] During the call,
the Appellant was threatened with repossession of his motorcycle.[note: 14]
The Appellant thought he had more time and said so: “I have time until 28th of
April. Why are you asking for the payment earlier?” The shop staff explained:
“By 28th of April, it will be more than 3 months.” By that, the shop staff
meant that the Appellant already owed three months of instalments for January,
February and March 2012. The Appellant promised that he would try to
pay.[note: 15]

11 In the afternoon of 11 April 2012, the Appellant rode his motorcycle into
Singapore. He worked at the Caltex petrol kiosk from 3pm to 11pm.[note: 16] He
then rode back to Malaysia to Balu’s house, arriving there after 1am on 12
April 2012. The Appellant requested to borrow Balu’s motorcycle as he was
afraid that his own motorcycle would be repossessed if he rode it into
Singapore again and was caught by the “motorbike shop staff”.[note: 17] Balu
refused, explaining that the road tax on his motorcycle had not been paid.
Balu proposed that the Appellant borrow Nathan’s car. Balu called Nathan to
ask if the Appellant could borrow his car. Nathan agreed and told Balu that
the Appellant could take the car in the morning. Having sorted out his
problems regarding his transport for the next day, the Appellant returned home
and slept.[note: 18]

12 A few hours later, at about 4am on 12 April 2012, the Appellant woke up. He
called Balu to tell Nathan that he was going over to Nathan’s house to get the
car. He planned to enter Singapore earlier to make a second attempt to return
the work permit and the gate pass to ECS and then to sleep in the car until
the time for work at the Caltex petrol kiosk in the afternoon. Like the days
before, his shift would start at 3pm and end at 11pm.[note: 19] At about
4.15am to 4.30am, the Appellant rode his motorcycle to Nathan’s house in
Tampoi.[note: 20] At about 4.30am, he reached Nathan’s house and made a phone
call to Nathan. Nathan did not pick up the phone. So the Appellant shouted for
Nathan outside the house. Nathan went to the gate of the house and let the
Appellant take his car.[note: 21] The Appellant left his motorcycle behind in
Nathan’s house.[note: 22]

13 As the Appellant drove towards Woodlands Checkpoint, he made a detour to
buy breakfast at a McDonald’s restaurant in Tampoi. He parked the car at the
parking lot which was between a Petronas petrol station and the McDonald’s
restaurant.[note: 23] He left the car unlocked and the car engine
running.[note: 24] When he was buying his breakfast, he took a call from a
person whom he knew as “Batte” or “Batu”. He knew Batte/Batu was also heading
to Singapore on 12 April 2012 for an interview, so he asked Batte/Batu if he
wanted the Appellant to buy breakfast for him. Batte/Batu told him there was
no need to do so.[note: 25]

14 The Appellant continued driving towards the Woodlands Checkpoint. He ate
his breakfast in the car along the way. At around 5am, he reached Woodlands
Checkpoint and cleared the Singapore Customs. He was about to leave when he
noticed that the passenger side window could not be closed fully. He alighted
and went around the car, opened the passenger seat door and tried to raise the
window by pushing the button. An officer standing nearby enquired about the
situation and the Appellant explained that the window could not close fully.
Upon hearing that, the officer said, “Is that so? Come, let’s check the
vehicle.” The officer directed him to drive into an inspection pit and to get
out of the car. A search of the car took place. There and then, the two black
bundles containing diamorphine were found and the Appellant was
arrested.[note: 26]

The prosecution’s case

15 The prosecution’s case was that when the Appellant drove through the
immigration booths at the checkpoint, an officer from the Immigration and
Checkpoints Authority (“ICA”) noticed the black-tinted windows of the car and
decided to stop it. The ICA officer asked the Appellant to drive to an
inspection pit.

16 At the inspection pit, another ICA officer searched the Appellant and his
belongings but nothing incriminating was found. Two ICA officers then searched
the car. When one of them lifted the tray inside the arm rest console between
the driver’s and the front passenger’s seats, the two black bundles were
found. It was not disputed that the bundles were later analysed and found to
contain not less than 22.24g of diamorphine.

17 In his various statements to Central Narcotics Bureau (“CNB”) officers, the
Appellant claimed that he did not know anything about the bundles of drug as
the car belonged to his friend, Nathan. He also stated that he had done
nothing wrong and was only coming to Singapore to work.

18 The prosecution adduced the record of the various calls made to and from
the Appellant’s handphone. It showed that Balu called the Appellant at 12.20pm
on 11 April 2012 and at 1.22am on 12 April 2012. The Appellant returned Balu’s
calls at 4.15am. At 4.57am, Nathan called the Appellant. At 5.06am, the
Appellant called Batte/Batu and then Nathan. At 5.12am, Batte/Batu returned
the call. About three minutes later, the Appellant was arrested by the CNB. At
5.20am, Balu called the Appellant. At 5.38am, Batte/Batu called. At 6.03am,
Nathan called. At 6.34am, Balu called again. These latter calls were not
answered by the Appellant as he was already in CNB’s custody.

The decision of the Judge

19 The Judge found the story “implausible to have even created any doubt in my
mind as to his knowledge of the drugs in his possession”. Key threads to the
story were missing (see _Public Prosecutor v Prabagaran a/l Srivijayan_ [2014]
SGHC 222 (“the GD”) at [14]–[16]):

(a) How would leaving the motorcycle in Nathan’s house and taking Nathan’s car
help against the repossession of the motorcycle by the shop?

(b) How long did the Appellant intend to keep Nathan’s car or to leave his
motorcycle at Nathan’s’ house?

(c) Why did the Appellant need to contact Balu and trouble Nathan at 4am in
the morning?

(d) Why was the Appellant driving a car to Singapore at 5am when he was only
required to start his shift as a petrol pump attendant at 3pm?

20 The Judge did not think that there was any evidence with respect to what
the Appellant “did or said when he was arrested and his car searched” that
exculpated him in any way. Although the Appellant testified that “he had left
the car unlocked and unattended when he went into McDonalds to get his
breakfast”, the Judge found “no evidence to suggest that someone else planted
the drugs in the car during that time” (GD at [15]).

21 The result was that the Appellant failed to rebut the presumption of his
possession of the drugs under s 21 of the MDA and the presumption of his
knowledge of the nature of the drug under s 18(2) of the MDA. Consequently,
the Judge convicted him of importing drugs under s 7 of the MDA.

Our decision

22 The same issue has arisen before us: whether the Appellant has rebutted the
presumptions under ss 18(2) and 21 of the MDA by proving on a balance of
probabilities that he did not know that there were drugs in the car.

23 The presumptions read as follows:

**Presumption of possession and knowledge of controlled drugs**

**18.** – …

(2) Any person who is proved or presumed to have had a controlled drug in his
possession shall, until the contrary is proved, be presumed to have known the
nature of that drug.

…

**Presumption relating to vehicle**

**21**. If any controlled drug is found in any vehicle, it shall be presumed,
until the contrary is proved, to be in the possession of the owner of the
vehicle and of the person in charge of the vehicle for the time being.

24 If the Appellant could show that he had no knowledge of the drugs in the
car, he could not be in possession of them. If he was able to do that, he
would have rebutted the presumption of possession under s 21 and the further
presumption under s 18(2) pertaining to knowledge of the nature of the drugs
would not arise.

25 The Appellant’s defence was that he borrowed a car not knowing that it was
carrying drugs. The Appellant raised the possibility that Balu or Nathan had
made use of him to bring drugs into Singapore by planting drugs in the car.
They knew the Appellant had two destinations: ECS and the Caltex petrol kiosk.
So either Balu’s uncle who worked at ECS or Balu’s cousin, Puven, who worked
at Caltex petrol kiosk could retrieve the drugs from the car in Singapore by
using a spare key.[note: 27]

26 In our opinion, the Appellant’s case that he borrowed a car for innocent
purposes could not be established on the evidence. There were significant
inconsistencies in the Appellant’s evidence concerning the purported reasons
he had for borrowing Nathan’s car.

The Appellant was not borrowing a car for the reasons that he claimed

Repossession of the Appellant’s motorcycle

27 We first examine the Appellant’s reason that he was trying to thwart
repossession of his motorcycle by the motorcycle shop. The Appellant claimed
that he had not paid the monthly instalments from January 2012 to April 2012
and the motorcycle shop therefore threatened on 11 April 2012 that it would
repossess the motorcycle.

28 Several obvious incongruities surface in the Appellant’s evidence. For a
person who feared repossession, the Appellant did not remember the name,
address or telephone number of the motorcycle shop.[note: 28] According to the
Appellant, the motorcycle shop which was supposedly going to repossess the
Appellant’s motorcycle did not know “what [the Appellant] was working as in
Singapore and where [the Appellant] was working at”[note: 29] or even what the
Appellant’s contact number was.[note: 30] This raises the questions as to how
the motorcycle shop was going to locate the Appellant’s motorcycle in order to
repossess it and why the Appellant feared immediate repossession.

29 A minor issue to note is whether the motorcycle shop had the right to
repossess the motorcycle in the first place. Going by the notice of
repossession that the Appellant adduced, it was a finance company, Wilayah
Credit Sdn Bhd,[note: 31] rather than the motorcycle shop, which had entered
into a hire-purchase agreement with the Appellant. The right to repossess the
Appellant’s motorcycle therefore belonged to Wilayah Credit Sdn Bhd, not the
motorcycle shop.

30 Assuming the motorcycle shop had the right to repossess the Appellant’s
motorcycle, whether on behalf of Wilayah Credit Sdn Bhd or otherwise, there is
the further question of whether the risk of repossession materialised as at 12
April 2012. Firstly, the notice of repossession from Wilayah Credit Sdn Bhd
was delivered only on 7 May 2012.[note: 32] Secondly, what appears to be
communicated over the telephone call with the motorcycle shop was that the
Appellant had until 28 April 2012 to make payment:[note: 33]

A: |  My … younger brother handed the phone to me. I spoke to the motor shop person. I informed him that I just started a job and I have not got my salary. I asked him, “I have time until 28th of April. Why are you asking for the payment earlier?" He said, "By 28th of April, it will be more than 3 months.”  
---|---  
Court: |  He said?  
Witness: |  Yes.  
Court: |  Yes.  
Witness: |  I told him I would try.  
  
  

Thirdly, if there was indeed a threat of immediate repossession, the Appellant
did what he said would incur the risk repossession by riding his motorcycle
into Singapore soon after the phone call on 11 April 2012. He received the
phone call from the motorcycle shop at about 10am to 11am that day.[note: 34]
He would have left for work soon thereafter in order to start his shift at
3pm.

31 Based on the foregoing, the Appellant either did not receive the telephone
call threatening repossession or had an allowance of at least a few days to
make repayment to avoid repossession. In either case, the real reason for
borrowing Nathan’s car could not be the fear of immediate repossession of his
motorcycle.

Napping in Nathan’s car

32 The only other avowed reason for borrowing Nathan’s car was that the
Appellant wanted to nap in a car after he returned the work permit and the
gate pass to ECS and before his shift at Caltex petrol station started.[note:
35] This reason consists of three parts: firstly, the Appellant intended to
nap in a car; secondly, the Appellant intended to return the work permit and
the gate pass to ECS; and thirdly, the Appellant had to enter Singapore at an
early hour to do so and to avoid road charges or a fine.

33 The purported intention to borrow a car to nap in is irreconcilable with
the Appellant’s evidence that he initially sought to borrow a motorcycle from
Balu. Because Balu did not accede to his request, the alternative was to
borrow the car. The borrowing of the car therefore had nothing to do with
being able to take a nap in it.

34 In respect of his purported intention to return the work permit and the
gate pass to ECS, it is strange that he would have such an intention on 10
April 2012, long after he had stopped working at ECS either in February 2012
or early March 2012 without informing ECS and after having ignored calls from
ECS. Further, he made a total of 25 entries into Singapore[note: 36] since the
termination of his employment at ECS. On none of these 25 entries before 10
April 2012 did he make any effort to return the work permit and the gate pass.
Even on the 26th visit on 10 April 2012, he could not return the items as he
forgot to bring them along. He did not inform ECS on 10 or 12 April 2012 that
he was going to return the items.[note: 37] There was no evidence to explain
why the Appellant would suddenly decide to return the items to ECS on 10 and
12 April 2012.

35 We now come to the issue about entering Singapore in the early hours of the
morning. The Appellant had to start work at 3pm on 12 April 2012. On the day
before (_ie_ , 11 April 2012), he worked from 3pm to 11pm.[note: 38] Waking up
at 4am[note: 39] to enter Singapore at 5am would be extremely inconvenient and
tiring for him, especially since he got to bed only way past midnight. There
would also be an interval of many hours before the Appellant’s work at 3pm.
The Appellant asserted that he entered Singapore very early in the morning
because he wanted to avoid the ERP charges between 7.30 am and 9am. By coming
in very early, he would not have to pay the ERP charges or a fine for not
having an in-vehicle unit in the car when it passed under the ERP gantry.
However, there was no need to enter Singapore at about 5am for this. He could
have equally achieved his aim by entering Singapore past 9am, which would have
been much more convenient for him, and which would have given him ample time
to return the work permit and the gate pass and then to commence work at 3pm.

36 Each part of the Appellant’s reason for borrowing the car defies belief. It
is clear to us that they were not the truth.

The Appellant’s evidence does not add up

37 Beyond borrowing Nathan’s car, there are various aspects of the Appellant’s
case that did not add up. When regarded holistically, they show that the
Appellant was not truthful. In turn, they cast further doubt on the
Appellant’s claim of absence of knowledge about the drugs in the car.

Leaving the car unlocked and unattended at McDonald’s

38 On the Appellant’s evidence, he left the car unlocked and unattended, with
the engine running, while he bought breakfast at McDonald’s. This, the
Appellant contended, showed that he thought that there was nothing valuable in
the car, such as the two bundles of diamorphine worth almost $70,000.[note:
40] If he knew about the drugs, he said that he would have locked the car.

39 It is unbelievable that the Appellant would leave the borrowed car unlocked
with its engine running. The car itself is valuable property even if it was an
old one. Someone could steal the car by driving it away. It is also extremely
odd that the Appellant would be so careful in not wanting to lose his
motorcycle through repossession but could be completely nonchalant about the
possibility of losing a friend’s car.

40 The Appellant’s statement to the police initially stated: “I spent about 15
to 20 minutes to buy and eat my breakfast at the Macdonald’s there. … When I
was queuing for my food and eating it, I was unable to see my car.” During the
trial, he disputed the accuracy of his statement and said that the detail
about where he ate his breakfast was wrong. He amended his statement about
eating breakfast at McDonald’s to say that he ate his breakfast in the car
while he was driving. In our view, the Appellant must have realised the
absurdity of his evidence about leaving the car unlocked with its engine
running while he queued to buy food and then ate his food in the restaurant.
He therefore tried to shorten the event by saying he brought the food back to
the car and ate along the way. His initial statement was obviously contrived
to create the possibility that someone could have planted the drugs in the
unlocked car while he was in the restaurant.

The phone calls in the morning

41 There were numerous telephone calls which were made and received by the
Appellant prior to his arrest and some that were missed by the Appellant after
his arrest at 5.15am. A tabular summary of these telephone calls[note: 41] is
set out below:

Date |  Time |  Call type |  Caller/Person called |  Number  
---|---|---|---|---  
11 April 2012 |  12.20pm |  Received |  Balu |  0167011908[note: 42]  
12 April 2012 |  1.22am |  Received |  Balu |  0167321821[note: 43]  
12 April 2012 |  4.15am |  Dialled |  Balu |  0167321821  
12 April 2012 |  4.57am |  Received |  Nathan |  0163100757[note: 44]  
12 April 2012 |  5.06am |  Dialled |  Batte/Batu[note: 45] |  0146318771[note: 46]  
12 April 2012 |  5.06am |  Dialled |  Nathan[note: 47] |  0149807030[note: 48]  
12 April 2012 |  5.12am |  Received |  Batte/Batu |  0146318771  
12 April 2012 |  5.20am |  Missed |  Balu |  0167321821  
12 April 2012 |  5.38am |  Missed |  Batte/Batu |  0146318771  
12 April 2012 |  6.03am |  Missed |  Nathan |  0163100757  
12 April 2012 |  6.34am |  Missed |  Balu |  0167011908  
  
  

42 We will highlight here two of the telephone calls which were the subject of
some strange and inconsistent explanations by the Appellant. The evidence on
these two calls fortified our view that the Appellant was not telling the
truth during the trial.

43 The first is the call made to Balu at 4.15am. The Appellant said the call
was made so that Balu could “alert” Nathan to the fact that the Appellant was
taking the car the morning. The Appellant said he did not think of Nathan as
his close friend and since the car was borrowed from Nathan through Balu, that
was “why [he] called Balu in the morning to ask him to call Nathan”.[note: 49]
It was also the Appellant’s evidence that Balu had already contacted Nathan
the night before to ask for permission to borrow the car on the Appellant’s
behalf and Nathan agreed. It would appear therefore that the call had no
purpose except to inform Nathan what he already knew. Subsequent to this call,
the Appellant made another phone call to Nathan when he was outside Nathan’s
house, which undermined the purpose of his earlier call to Balu. If the
Appellant was going to call Nathan anyway, why did he have to call Balu
earlier to alert Nathan?

44 At one point during cross-examination, the Appellant reversed the order of
the telephone calls made. He said that the purpose of the call to Balu was “to
tell him that [he] was going to take the car from Nathan and also [he had]
informed Nathan”.[note: 50] It implied that the Appellant contacted Balu after
contacting Nathan. Not only does this contradict the Appellant’s own evidence,
it makes no sense that the Appellant had to ring up Balu at 4.15am to notify
him of what he just told Nathan.

45 In respect of the call at 5.06am made to Batte/Batu, during cross-
examination, the Appellant said that Batte/Batu called him first but that call
was disconnected before they could have a conversation, so he was merely
returning a call.[note: 51] However, in his statement recorded on 17 April
2012, he said that he initiated the call to Batte/Batu while he was at
McDonald’s to ask Batte/Batu if he wanted the Appellant to buy breakfast for
him.[note: 52] The Appellant also recounted that Batte/Batu called to ask the
Appellant where he was[note: 53] and what the condition of the traffic jam
was. He added that Batte/Batu had “no need … to call and enquire where [he]
was going” and “Batte/Batu had worked in Singapore previously and he should
very well know how the condition of the jam in the early morning”.[note: 54]
If all that Batte/Batu wanted to know was the answer to those two questions,
it would not explain why the 5.06am call followed by two other calls at 5.12am
(which was received) and 5.38am (which was missed), especially given the
context that the Appellant did not know Batte/Batu well. He described
Batte/Batu as Balu’s friend.[note: 55]

Stepping out of the car to adjust a window

46 The Appellant claimed that after the boot of the car was checked at the
Woodlands Checkpoint, he stepped out of the car and walked to the front
passenger side to check a faulty window as it could not be raised after he had
lowered it.[note: 56] He opened the door there and tried to raise the window
by pushing the electronic button. Two immigration officers were standing
nearby. One of them asked him what was happening and he told the officer that
“the window was spoilt”. Then the officer said, “Is that so? Come, let’s check
the vehicle.” From this, the Appellant argued that his acts of stopping the
car and stepping out to check the window, which attracted the attention of the
officer and prompted the search of the car, militated against the inference
that he knew about the presence of drugs in the car.

47 However, the Appellant’s account has to be contrasted with the accounts of
the ICA officers present. Neither SGT Chen Zhongfu Roger nor SSGT Chan Tim
Fatt could remember that the Appellant stepped out of the car.[note: 57] On
the contrary, SSGT Chan Tim Fatt testified that the car was stopped while the
Appellant was in it and he directed the Appellant to drive into the inspection
pit because the car windows had dark tint and he could not see the
driver.[note: 58]

48 There was no reason for the ICA officers to search the car because it had a
faulty window. Further, the Appellant’s account differed from his statement
recorded on 17 April 2012. That statement reflected that the “driver’s side
window”,[note: 59] not the front passenger’s side window, was partially wound
down and could not be raised back up. This account was only belatedly amended
at trial.[note: 60]

The Samsung handphone found on the Appellant

49 One final inconsistency in the Appellant’s evidence concerned the ownership
of a Samsung mobile phone found on the Appellant. In the statement recorded on
16 April 2012, the Appellant unreservedly proclaimed the Samsung mobile phone
to be his.[note: 61] However, during cross-examination, the Appellant
inexplicably changed his evidence to say that the phone was Balu’s.[note: 62]

Analysis of the evidence

50 On the totality of the evidence, we agree with the Judge that the Appellant
has not rebutted the twin presumptions of possession and knowledge under ss
18(2) and 21 of the MDA. The lies and omissions which permeated the
Appellant’s evidence weighed heavily against his claim that he borrowed a car
without knowing that it had drugs in it. His account of absence of knowledge
about the drugs in the car was highly improbable and, as indicated above,
absurd in some aspects. On a balance of probabilities, the Appellant has not
proved that he had no knowledge of the drugs.

There is no failure in the criminal justice process

The Appellant has not been prejudiced by a failure to secure admissible
objective evidence

51 We now consider the Appellant’s argument on whether his conviction should
be overturned or, in the alternative, whether new evidence should be admitted
or a re-trial be ordered because he was prejudiced by the failure to secure
admissible objective evidence.

52 At the heart of this argument lies the contention that the CNB should have
conducted more investigations on the leads which the Appellant had provided,
namely, that there were two individuals named Nathan and Balu who could have
made use of the Appellant by hiding the drugs in the car. If he managed to
clear the checkpoint, he surmised that Nathan and Balu would have gone to the
Caltex petrol station and used a spare key to gain access to the car. Counsel
for the Appellant, Mr Eugene Thuraisingam, emphasised the fact that the
Appellant had provided the contact numbers of Nathan and Balu and had
disclosed that he knew the way to Nathan's house and to Balu's house. Mr
Thuraisingam suggested that the CNB should have traced or called the numbers
or allowed the Appellant to guide them to the houses in Malaysia because the
Appellant could not do the same himself while incarcerated. The goal was to
secure the attendance of Nathan and Balu at trial, if possible, or to adduce
relevant evidence arising from the investigations, if any.

53 Mr Thuraisingam also submitted that the failure of the CNB to investigate
the matter properly ought to influence the court’s assessment of the evidence
before it at two levels. Firstly, due regard must be given to the inherent
difficulties that an accused person would have in securing the attendance of
material witnesses or in adducing favourable objective evidence. Secondly, the
level of cogency of the evidence required to establish a case on a balance of
probabilities must be lower for an accused who was prevented by impracticality
from adducing evidence than for an accused who made tactical decisions to
exclude evidence.

54 The Appellant’s claim that he could have been made use of by Nathan and
Balu to import drugs into Singapore unknowingly was speculative. This was
especially so when seen in the light of the highly improbable and sometimes
absurd evidence that we have mentioned earlier. The Appellant could not have
been prejudiced by the lack of objective corroborative evidence when his
testimony was devoid of credibility in the first place. He did not even manage
to set out a plausible defence which he could then claim could not be
corroborated for want of such corroborative evidence through no fault of his.

55 The two cases cited by the Appellant demonstrate this point. In _Khor Soon
Lee v Public Prosecutor_ [2011] 3 SLR 201 (“ _Khor Soon Lee_ ”), the Court of
Appeal considered that the accused there had raised a credible defence to a
charge of importation in that he had taken precautions not to deal in drugs
which would result in capital punishment and he had the assurance from his
supplier, Tony, that he was not carrying diamorphine. The Court of Appeal
found (at [27]) that “the Appellant has adduced evidence to the effect that he
had hitherto always been dealing in the Controlled Drugs, which (in turn)
constitute evidence of a _consistent pattern of conduct that was not
contradicted by the Prosecution in the court below_ ” [emphasis in the
original]. “Controlled Drugs” was defined in the judgment (at [21]) as four
named drugs excluding diamorphine. What was missing in evidence was Tony’s
testimony because Tony had earlier been granted a discharge not amounting to
an acquittal and had left the jurisdiction. The court opined at [26] that it
obviously did not know what precisely Tony’s testimony would have been had he
been called as a witness but at the very least, the accused there “ought _not_
to be prejudiced by the absence of Tony’s testimony as a result of the
Prosecution’s decision to apply for a DNAQ” (discharge not amounting to an
acquittal). The court at [29] also considered Tony to be a “significant
witness” and assumed that his “testimony, if given, would have buttressed the
Appellant’s case”. In any case, the Court of Appeal also sounded “a strong
cautionary note” at [29] that “given the finely balanced set of facts in the
present appeal, nothing in this case sets a precedent for future cases (which
ought, in any event, to turn on their own particular facts)”.

56 Similarly, in _Veeramani Manikam v Public Prosecutor_ [2015] SGHC 201 (“
_Veeramani Manikam_ ”), which was an appeal from the District Court to the
High Court, the High Court Judge opined that the accused had provided a
“highly plausible explanation” (at [11]) for driving into Singapore a car
which carried drugs. He claimed that he was ferried by a customer of a pub
after a night of drinking and was abandoned somewhere along the road before
the Malaysian Customs. He was then awakened by a Malaysian traffic police
officer who threatened to issue a summons if he did not move the car.
Complying with this order, he drove it past the Malaysian Customs and
proceeded towards the Singapore Woodlands Checkpoint because he was unable to
make a U-turn. He claimed that he intended to make a U-turn after the
Woodlands Checkpoint. Evidence to ascertain the veracity of the accused’s
story, such as whether there was in fact a U-turn before the Malaysian Customs
and the accused’s assertions of events in Johor Baru, was missing. Therefore,
the court adjourned the matter for facts in the accused’s story to be verified
and, if necessary, for fresh evidence to be taken. The High Court Judge heard
further evidence subsequently and came to the conclusion that the accused had
rebutted the presumptions in ss 18(2) and 21 of the MDA. He therefore allowed
the appeal and set aside the conviction.

57 The courts in both cases discussed above were of the view that the
respective accused persons had given plausible or believable defences.
Further, the relevant evidence that was missing was due to no fault of the
accused person (in the case of _Khor Soon Lee_) or attributable at least to
the fact that the accused person was not legally represented at the trial (in
the case of _Veeramani Manikam_). The Appellant in our case was represented by
two defence lawyers during the trial in the High Court (who are not the
lawyers before us in the Court of Appeal). More importantly, as we have
emphasised at [54] above, the Appellant’s evidence was in itself highly
improbable and sometimes absurd.

58 The alleged failure of the CNB to make further investigations was not
raised during the trial. The full extent of the investigations made was
therefore not explored. Consequently, any allegation before the Court of
Appeal that certain investigations were not carried out is speculative.

59 The more important question is the extent of the CNB’s duty to investigate.
This clearly involves operational matters. The CNB has to assess the value and
the viability of making any particular investigation in each case. It has to
make judgment calls on the usefulness of any information given to it. It has
to consider its resources and its statutory powers of investigation. For
instance, it cannot be expected to traverse the globe to investigate merely
because an accused person mentions the names of ten persons in ten different
countries together with their contact numbers. Further, it must not be
forgotten that Parliament has set out statutory presumptions in the MDA to
assist the CNB and the Prosecution in their work and it is therefore incumbent
on accused persons to produce the necessary evidence to rebut the
presumptions. Such evidence, as the two cases discussed above have shown,
could possibly be the oral testimony of the accused persons if it is
considered to be credible on a balance of probabilities.

There is no basis to assert that material evidence was not adduced by the
Prosecution

60 In relation to the revelation during cross-examination that there were CNB
officers who interviewed the Appellant a few days after his arrest,[note: 63]
Mr Thuraisingam submitted that there was no disclosure of the follow-up by the
CNB officers. Mr Thuraisingam pointed out that as the CNB officers in question
were not put on the witness list, they could not be asked whether they found
anything of significance in their investigations.

61 The arguments assumed that there were investigations done by the CNB
officers in question, coupled with a failure by the Prosecution to disclose
details of the investigations. The Prosecution is fully aware of its duty to
disclose any material evidence that is discovered even if it is not in favour
of the Prosecution’s case. If it was felt that the matter was worthwhile
pursuing at trial, the defence counsel could have easily asked for the names
of the officers in question and applied to the Judge that they be called to
testify. The submissions before us amounted to nothing more than bare
assertions that there was further information uncovered and that there was
non-disclosure of such information. We are therefore not persuaded that
further evidence should be taken.

Conclusion

62 Under the MDA, the onus is on the Appellant to rebut the presumptions that
he possessed the drugs in the car and that he knew the nature of the drugs, on
a balance of probabilities. The Appellant has failed to do so. Like the Judge,
we were left in no doubt that the Appellant was guilty of importing the drugs
into Singapore. We therefore dismissed the appeal, and upheld the conviction
and consequently, the mandatory death sentence.

* * *

[note: 1]ROP Vol 2, Exhibit P13, p 75, para 5.

[note: 2]ROP Vol 1, NE, Day 4, 22 May 2014, p 10 line 31 – p 11 line 5.

[note: 3]ROP Vol 2, Exhibit P15, pp 81–82, paras 27–28.

[note: 4]ROP Vol 1, NE, Day 4, 22 May 2014, p 15 line 22; ROP Vol 2, Exhibit
P13, p 74, para 2.

[note: 5]ROP Vol 1, NE, Day 4, 22 May 2014, p 15, lines 5–27.

[note: 6]ROP Vol 1, NE, Day 4, 22 May 2014, p 15 line 30 – p 16 line 17.

[note: 7]ROP Vol 1, NE, Day 4, 22 May 2014, p 16 lines 20–24.

[note: 8]ROP Vol 2, Exhibit P15, p 80, para 22.

[note: 9]ROP Vol 1, NE, Day 4, 22 May 2014, p 16 lines 19–20; p 18 lines 5–10.

[note: 10]ROP Vol 2, Exhibit P14, p 77, para 10.

[note: 11]ROP Vol 2, Exhibit P15, p 82, para 29.

[note: 12]ROP Vol 1, NE, Day 4, 22 May 2014, p 17, lines 24–31; ROP Vol 2,
Exhibit P14, p 77, para 11; Exhibit P15, p 81, para 26.

[note: 13]ROP Vol 1, NE, Day 5, 23 May 2014, p 5 lines 18–19.

[note: 14]ROP Vol 2, Exhibit P15, p 82, para 30.

[note: 15]ROP Vol 1, NE, Day 4, 22 May 2014, p 12 lines 15–19; p 19 lines
7–19.

[note: 16]ROP Vol 2, Exhibit P13, p 74, para 2.

[note: 17]ROP Vol 2, Exhibit P14, p 76, para 8; p 78, para 18; Exhibit P19, p
103, para 61.

[note: 18]ROP Vol 1, NE, Day 4, 22 May 2014, p 20 lines 12–31; p 21 lines
6–12; ROP Vol 2, Exhibit P19, p 103, para 59.

[note: 19]ROP Vol 2, Exhibit P14, p 78, para 17.

[note: 20]ROP Vol 1, NE, Day 4, 22 May 2014, p 21 lines 13–18.

[note: 21]ROP Vol 1, NE, Day 4, 22 May 2014, p 21 line 27 – p 22 line 2.

[note: 22]ROP Vol 2, Exhibit P14, p 76, para 8; p 77, para 13.

[note: 23]ROP Vol 2, Exhibit P18, p 100.

[note: 24]ROP Vol 2, Exhibit P14, p 78, para 15.

[note: 25]ROP Vol 1, NE, Day 4, 22 May 2014, p 22 lines 18–21; ROP Vol 2,
Exhibit P17, pp 89–90, para 50.

[note: 26]ROP Vol 1, NE, Day 4, 22 May 2014, p 23 line 5 – p 24 line 22; ROP
Vol 2, Exhibit P17, p 86, para 34.

[note: 27]Appellant’s written submissions at p 34, para 52.

[note: 28]ROP Vol 1, NE, Day 5, 23 May 2014, p 4 lines 21–25.

[note: 29]ROP Vol 2, Exhibit P 15, p 82, para 30.

[note: 30]ROP Vol 2, Exhibit P15, p 82, para 30.

[note: 31]ROP Vol 2, Exhibit D2, p 123.

[note: 32]ROP Vol 2, Exhibit D2, p 123.

[note: 33]ROP Vol 1, NE, Day 4, 22 May 2014, p 19 lines 7–15.

[note: 34]ROP Vol 1, NE, Day 4, 22 May 2014, p 19 lines 3–5.

[note: 35]ROP Vol 2, Exhibit P14, p 78, para 17.

[note: 36]ROP Vol 2, Exhibit P20, pp 107–108.

[note: 37]ROP Vol 2, Exhibit P14, p 78, para 16.

[note: 38]ROP Vol 2, Exhibit P13, p 74, para 2.

[note: 39]ROP Vol 1, NE, Day 4, 22 May 2014, p 21 lines 13–16.

[note: 40]ROP Vol 1, NE, Day 6, 22 July 2014, p 8 lines 2–6.

[note: 41]ROP Vol 1, NE, Day 2, 15 May 2014, p 18 lines 12–17; p 19 line 8 – p
20 line 10.

[note: 42]ROP Vol 2, Exhibit P17, p 89, para 49.

[note: 43]ROP Vol 2, Exhibit P15, p 82, para 31.

[note: 44]ROP Vol 2, Exhibit P17, p 89, para 48.

[note: 45]ROP Vol 1, NE, Day 5, 23 May 2014, p 10 lines 9–28.

[note: 46]ROP Vol 1, NE, Day 4, 22 May 2014, p 27 lines 7–9; ROP Vol 2 Exhibit
P17, pp 89–90, para 50.

[note: 47]ROP Vol 1, NE, Day 5, 23 May 2014, p 10 lines 9–28.

[note: 48]ROP Vol 2, Exhibit P15, p 82, para 31.

[note: 49]ROP Vol 1, NE, Day 5, 23 May 2014, p 8 lines 4–20.

[note: 50]ROP Vol 1, NE, Day 4, 22 May 2014, p 34 lines 17–18

[note: 51]ROP Vol 1, NE, Day 5, 23 May 2014, p 11 lines 15–22.

[note: 52]ROP Vol 2, Exhibit P17, pp 89–90, para 50.

[note: 53]ROP Vol 1, NE, Day 4, 22 May 2014, p 22 lines 12–21.

[note: 54]ROP Vol 1, NE, Day 4, 22 May 2014, p 34 lines 9–15.

[note: 55]ROP Vol 2, Exhibit P17, p 90, para 51.

[note: 56]ROP Vol 1, NE, Day 4, 22 May 2014, p 23 lines 20–28.

[note: 57]ROP Vol 1, NE, Day 1, 14 May 2014, p 16 line 27 – p 17 line 4 (Sgt
Chen Zhongfu Roger); p 24 lines 20–25 (SSgt Chan Tim Fatt).

[note: 58]ROP Vol 1, NE, Day 1, 14 May 2014, p 24 lines 8–11.

[note: 59]ROP Vol 2, Exhibit P17, p 86, para 33.

[note: 60]ROP Vol 1, NE, Day 4, 22 May 2014, p 31 line 27 – p 32 line 9.

[note: 61]ROP Vol 2, Exhibit P15, p 82, para 31.

[note: 62]ROP Vol 1, NE, Day 4, 22 May 2014, p 26 lines 5–9.

[note: 63]ROP Vol 1, NE, Day 3, 20 May 2014, p 9 lines 21–30.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 30 Nov 2015 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

