Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Jamal Abdulnaser Mahmoud Al Mahamid _v_ Global Tobacco Manufacturers
(International) Sdn Bhd  
[2015] SGHC 42

Case Number| :| Originating Summons 421 of 2014  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 11 February 2015  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Aedit Abdullah JC  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Yew Woon Chooi, Foo Maw Jiun, Quek Jie Ying (Rodyk &
Davidson LLP) for the plaintiff; Stanley Lai Tze Chang SC, Goh En-Ci Gloria,
Clara Tung Yi Lin (Allen & Glenhill LLP) for the defendant.  
Parties| :|  JAMAL ABDULNASER MAHMOUD AL MAHAMID — GLOBAL TOBACCO
MANUFACTURERS (INTERNATIONAL) SDN BHD  
  
[LawNet Editorial Note: The appeal to this decision in Civil Appeal No 51 of
2015 was dismissed by the Court of Appeal on 29 September 2015. See [2015]
SGCA 51.]

11 February 2015| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Aedit Abdullah JC:

Introduction

1 Ask a person what she may think of when she hears the word “Manchester”, she
may reply, “the city in England”. If she is of a historical inclination, she
may reply “Cotton Cloth”, “the Industrial Revolution” or “the Reform Act”. If
she is a fan of football, she may reply, “United” or “City”. Ask the Plaintiff
and those who own or work in the Defendant and their reply would be
“cigarettes”.

2 The Plaintiff and Defendant each chose “Manchester” as the name of their
respective brand of cigarettes. Both of them registered trade marks in
Singapore with the use of the term “Manchester”: the Plaintiff in 2005 and the
Defendant in 2012. The Plaintiff, who had registered his mark earlier than the
Defendant seeks now to invalidate the Defendant’s mark.

Background

3 The Plaintiff’s mark, T0501104H (“the Plaintiff’s mark”), is reproduced
below:

![](data:image/png;base64,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)

4 It was registered in Singapore on 7 June 2005, and is owned by the
Plaintiff, Mr Jamal Abdulnaser Mahmoud Al Mahamid, a holder of a Syrian
passport. The mark has been registered by him in over 34 countries and was
first used in Singapore in 2010. It is used on cigarettes sold duty-free,
usually to chandlers (_i.e._ , retail dealers specialising in providing
supplies to ships) serving ships arriving in Singapore. The Plaintiff also
supplies marketing paraphernalia to distributors for their onward distribution
to the ship chandlers and the buyers of the cigarettes. The Plaintiff claims
sales of over US$400,000 in 2012 in Singapore. In comparison, the global sales
of these cigarettes were US$26m in 2012 and almost US$40m in 2013.

5 The Defendant, a Malaysian company in the business of manufacturing
cigarettes, has been selling cigarettes under their various brands since 2003.
These are sold mostly in Malaysia. It is the registered proprietor of the
trade mark below, T1208253B (“the Defendant’s mark”), which was given a
certificate of registration in Singapore on 29 November 2012.

![](data:image/png;base64,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)

6 The Defendant launched its “Manchester” brand of cigarettes in Malaysia in
2008. In 2012, they sold 20,669,500 sticks of “Manchester” cigarettes in
Malaysia. That year, the Defendant decided to expand its business into
Singapore. No objections were raised by the Intellectual Property Office of
Singapore (“IPOS”), and no opposition was filed. The Defendant’s cigarettes
have been sold in Singapore since November 2012. The Plaintiff attempted to
register his mark in Malaysia, but this was refused, though the grounds for
such refusal were not before this court.

7 In 2014, the Plaintiff commenced these proceedings, seeking invalidation of
the Defendant’s mark.

The Plaintiff’s Case

8 The Plaintiff contends that the Defendant’s mark should be invalidated under
the following provisions:

(a) s 23(3)(_a_)(i) read with s 8(2)(_b_) of the Trade Marks Act (Cap 332,
2005 Rev Ed) (“the Act”), as the Defendant’s mark is similar to that of the
Plaintiff, and there is a likelihood of confusion;

(b) s 23(3)(_b_) read with s 8(7)(_a_) of the Act as the use of the
Defendant’s mark amounts to passing-off;

(c) s 23(1) read with s 7(6) of the Act as the Defendant’s application for the
registration of its mark was made in bad faith; and

(d) s 23(3)(_a_)(iii) read with s 8(4) of the Act as given that the
Plaintiff’s mark is well-known in Singapore, the use of the Defendant’s mark
indicates a connection between the parties, and there is a likelihood of
confusion because of such use.

The Defendant’s Case

9 The Defendant argues, in response to the Plaintiff’s case, that:

(a) The marks are not similar and there is no likelihood of confusion. While
aural similarity is conceded, the Defendant denies that the marks are visually
or conceptually similar. The word “Manchester”, though common, did not
outweigh the differences between the marks. As consumers of cigarettes are
discerning and particular, there is no likelihood of confusion.

(b) There is no passing-off as there is no evidence of goodwill in the
Plaintiff’s mark, misrepresentation by the Defendant and damage suffered by
the Plaintiff.

(c) There was no bad faith in the Defendant’s later registration of its mark.
The Defendant’s registration of its mark was within the boundaries of
acceptable commercial behaviour. In particular, the Defendant did not know of
the Plaintiff’s mark and did not have any other reason to realise that its
filing of a trade mark application would breach acceptable commercial
standards.

(d) The Plaintiff’s mark is not well known in Singapore as there is no
evidence of this.

My Decision

10 The issues that are in play in these proceedings are:

(a) whether the marks are similar and whether there is likelihood of
confusion;

(b) whether there is passing-off by the Defendant’s mark;

(c) whether the Plaintiff’s mark is well known in Singapore; and

(d) whether the Defendant’s mark was registered in bad faith.

11 The Plaintiff has not based his case on s 8(1) of the Act, _i.e._ , there
was no contention that the marks were identical. This is not surprising given
the requirement under s 8(1) that the marks should be entirely the same (see
_City Chain Stores (S) Pte Ltd v Louis Vuitton Malletier_ [2010] 1 SLR 382
where the court interpreted s 27(1) of the Act, a provision which is similar
to s 8(1)).

12 I find that the marks are indeed similar, and there is likelihood of
confusion. In summary, I accept the Plaintiff’s arguments that the two marks
were each dominated by the word “Manchester”. I find that these marks are not
only aurally identical, but also visually and conceptually similar. These
similar marks are in respect of identical or highly similar goods. Given the
circumstances, there is a likelihood of confusion on the part of the relevant
consumers of cigarettes in Singapore.

13 On the other hand, I accept the position of the Defendant that the
Plaintiff’s other three grounds, namely passing-off, the mark being well known
in Singapore and bad-faith registration, are not made out. In respect of the
first two grounds, there is insufficient evidence of goodwill to show that the
mark is well known here. As for bad-faith registration, I do not find that the
Defendant’s conduct in registering its mark after the Plaintiff had registered
his showed any want of such honesty according to the requisite standard.

The law on invalidation

14 The Plaintiff’s claim is for invalidation under s 23 of the Act. The
grounds specified under s 23 for invalidation are generally tied back to
either the absolute grounds for refusal of registration under s 7, or, more
pertinently for the present proceedings, to relative grounds for refusal under
s 8 of the Act. The case law on these sections would thus be material and
persuasive.

15 There has not been any indication as to why no opposition was made to the
registration of the Defendant’s mark, but, in any event, such absence does
not, and cannot, present itself as an obstacle in the present proceedings.

Similar marks and likelihood of confusion

16 Section 8(2)(_b_) of the Act reads:

(2) A trade mark shall not be registered if because –

…

(b) it is similar to an earlier trade mark and is to be registered for goods
or services identical with or similar to those for which the earlier trade
mark is protected,

there exists a likelihood of confusion on the part of the public.

Section 8(2)(_b_) thus requires: (i) similarity between the trade marks in
question; (ii) the registration of the marks for identical or similar goods;
and (iii) the existence of a likelihood of confusion among the public owing to
the similarity. If s 8(2)(_b_) is fulfilled, s 23(3)(_a_)(i) specifies that
the registration of the later trade mark may be declared invalid, unless the
owner of the earlier trade mark consents to the registration. As noted by the
Plaintiff, there is no dispute in the present case that the Plaintiff’s mark
is an earlier mark, that the goods are identical or similar, and that the
Plaintiff has not consented to the registration of the Defendant’s mark.

17 The assessment of the three requirements in s 8(2)(_b_), namely similarity
of marks, identity or similarity of goods or services, and the likelihood of
confusion arising therefrom, is carried out systematically following a step-
by-step methodology: _Staywell Hospitality Group Pty Ltd v Starwood Hotels &
Resorts Worldwide, Inc. and another and another appeal_ [2014] 1 SLR 911 (“
_Staywell_ ”) at [15]. I am cognisant of the need not to lapse into a holistic
assessment.

Similarity

18 The approach to be adopted in assessing whether marks are similar was laid
down by the Court of Appeal in the cases of _Hai Tong Co (Pte) Ltd v Ventree
Singapore Pte Ltd and another and another appeal_ [2013] 2 SLR 941 (“ _Hai
Tong_ ”) at [39]–[40] and _Staywell_ at [14]–[20]. From these cases,
particularly the more recent _Staywell_ , the following propositions may be
gleaned, which are pertinent for the present case:

(a) The assessment is done mark for mark, without consideration of external
matters.

(b) In that assessment, a dominant component may be given special attention
but similarity is ultimately assessed as a whole.

(c) Similarity is a question of impression, and the court’s assessment must be
on the totality of the observation of the marks.

(d) It is not necessary for all three aspects, namely the aural, visual and
conceptual aspects, to be similar.

(e) Such assessment is to be carried out with the imperfect recollection of
the average consumer.

19 The assessment of similarity on the one hand and confusion on the other
proceed on different bases. In _Staywell_ , the following guidance was given
(at [20]):

Finally, on this issue, we reiterate that the assessment of marks similarity
is mark-for-mark without consideration of any external matter … . This means
that _at the marks similarity stage_ this even extends to not considering the
relative weight and importance of each aspect of similarity having regard to
the goods. This does not mean that the court ignores the reality that the
relative importance of each aspect of similarity might vary from case to case
and will in fact depend on all the circumstances including the nature of the
goods and the types of marks … . Rather, such considerations are properly
reserved for the _confusion_ stage of the inquiry, because that is when the
court is called upon to assess the _effect_ of objective similarity between
the marks, on the perception of consumers. … We think that this is
conceptually clearer because it recognises that the issue of _resemblance_
between the competing marks is distinct from the question of the _effect_ of
such resemblance. …

[emphasis in original]

In the present context, this means that the marks are measured as marks, and
there is no consideration of their use, for instance on the packets of
cigarettes, or how these may be displayed and viewed by consumers.

20 The two marks are each composite, consisting of both textual and graphical
elements. It is apparent that there are differences between the two marks. In
the case of the Plaintiff’s mark, there is a crest or coat of arms, with the
initials “HQ”, the words “House of Quality”, as well as a rectangular
background or field. While there was no specific explanation for this
rectangular background or field, it is apparent, as submitted in oral
arguments by the Defendant, that this was possibly a representation of a
typical cigarette packet.

![](data:image/png;base64,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)

21 The Defendant’s mark on the other hand, comprises of the word “Manchester”
below the letter “M”. The letter “M” is composed of circles against a dark
background.

![](data:image/png;base64,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)

22 The Defendant concedes that there was aural similarity between the marks.
This is of course rightly conceded since the word in each mark is the same,
and that word would be what is uttered when the marks are mentioned verbally.

(1) Visual similarity

23 The approach to be taken in assessing visual similarity is to assess the
marks in totality, without placing undue emphasis on any component, unless it
is warranted: _Hai Tong_ at [41]. Only after a holistic assessment of the
visual characteristics of the two marks can the conclusion that these marks
are visually similar be reached.

24 In assessing visual similarity, the guidance of the Court of Appeal in
_Staywell_ is useful. In that case, the Court of Appeal noted that technical
distinctiveness, _i.e._ , the capacity of the mark to function as a badge of
origin, is an integral factor in the assessment of similarity (at [28]–[29]):

28 It follows from this that it is not wrong for a court to find that a
component of a mark is inherently technically distinctive - for example if it
is a non-descriptive word or an elaborate and inventive graphic device. Where
a particular element or component has a high degree of technical
distinctiveness, this can have a bearing on whether as a result of this, that
component or element is found to be the dominant and distinctive element of
the mark in the non-technical sense.

29 The finding of distinctiveness of the separate components of the mark must
ultimately be related back to the impression given by the mark as a whole. The
distinctiveness of a particular component of a mark is but one factor feeding
into the ultimate question of whether the mark, in the form it is registered
and/or used, has strength as an indicator of origin to the exclusion of other
trade sources. This latter question clearly must be considered by looking at
the mark as a whole, because it is the entire mark, and not only a component
of it, that must function as the badge of origin.

Similarly, in _Hai Tong_ , though there was no separate analysis of the
difference between general and technical distinctiveness, it is clear that
distinctiveness was a relevant consideration (see [62(e)(ii)] and [65(a)]).

25 Distinctiveness, in the technical sense, refers to the ability of the mark
to act as a badge of origin, and it is recognised that, in relation to a mark
with greater technical distinctiveness, there is a higher threshold to be met
in creating a sufficiently dissimilar mark (see _Staywell_ at [24]–[25]). In
the present case, the word “Manchester” is distinctive in the technical sense
when used in respect of cigarettes. While “Manchester” is not meaningless on
its own, it has no connection in general usage with cigarettes or tobacco, and
would not provide any information in itself to aid a consumer buying
cigarettes. The word “Manchester” does not describe cigarettes or tobacco in
anyway. A different conclusion may be reached if instead of “Manchester”, the
trade marks bore a word or name that had some connotation or description
relating to cigarettes or tobacco. The word “Manchester” in respect of
cigarettes is thus inherently technically distinctive: it is a non-descriptive
word.

26 In carrying out this analysis, I recognise that words do not “talk” in
trademarks: _Hai Tong_ at [41]. That is, words in composite marks do not
dominate or constitute the whole of such marks simply because they are words.
The question that has to be asked, as noted by the Court of Appeal in _Hai
Tong_ , is whether the word is dominant on the facts of each mark.

27 The primary point of the Defendant’s denial of visual similarity is that,
while the text is the same, there are significant differences in that each had
its own graphical elements. Yet, when the two marks are examined side by side,
it is evident that it is the word “Manchester” that is visually dominant in
either. In the Plaintiff’s mark, “Manchester” stands out against the
background. In the Defendant’s version, the word occupies a large part of the
visual real estate, just under the stylised “M”. This is notwithstanding the
fact that the Plaintiff’s mark comprises more visual elements than the
Defendant’s mark. I do note that the Plaintiff’s mark has a large amount of
background, with the word “Manchester” occupying a smaller proportion of the
space. The Plaintiff’s mark has also other graphical elements, such as the
words “House of Quality” as well as the letters “HQ” on the coat of arms.
Nevertheless, it is clear that the word “Manchester” is centralised in the
visual field. It is to that word that the eye is drawn: that undoubtedly being
the intention of whoever designed the mark for the Plaintiff.

28 As the Plaintiff submits, citing _Hai Tong_ , a composite mark may be
dominated by a textual component if that textual component is large, and in a
prominent location or if it stands out from the background (see _Hai Tong_ at
[62(d)(ii)]). A device component may be equally significant or dominant if:
(i) the device is significant and large; (ii) the words accompanying the
device are not distinctive or are purely descriptive; or (iii) the device is
complicated (see _Hai Tong_ at [62(e)]).

29 In the present case, the graphical elements of the marks do not draw
significant attention away from the words. The conclusion here is similar to
that drawn in _Hai Tong_ , where the Court of Appeal found that the graphical
element of the stylised rose in that case was outweighed by the textual
element. There, it was found that, as the graphical element underscored the
text and did not draw attention away from the text, a consumer would be more
likely to remember the text rather than the graphical element, and the
presence of the graphical element would not serve to distinguish similar
textual components (_Hai Tong_ at [65]). Likewise, in this case, the dominance
of the text was not diminished or attenuated in any way by the surrounding
graphical elements in either mark. It is the word “Manchester” that would be
remembered, not the surrounding frill.

30 The Defendant also seeks to play up the distinction between the other
visual elements on the marks. The Plaintiff’s mark has a crest, while the
Defendant’s has a letter “M” made up of small circles against a dark
background. But it is nonetheless clear that it is the word “Manchester” that
stands out and dominates the visual landscape in each. That dominance prevails
in the present case over the other visual elements in each mark: the coat of
arms, and text “House of Quality” and “HQ” in the Plaintiff’s mark, and the
letter “M” made up of circles in the Defendant’s mark.

31 The Defendant further contends that the Court should not accept that the
word “Manchester” is dominant simply because the word is common to both marks.
It is true that the textual element cannot be dominant simply because it is
common. Certainly, had one mark with large, ornate and colourful graphical
elements far surpassing the text “Manchester” been measured against the
Plaintiff’s mark, a different conclusion may be reached. Whether the text
dominates a mark is an inquiry which leads to varied results from case to
case. This is not a finding that a component is dominant merely on the basis
that it is common between both marks.

32 The Defendant argues that the two marks leave very different impressions to
viewers, and thus the common word should not be accepted as the dominant part
of each mark. However, it is clear on examination that any person’s eye would
be drawn to and would dwell upon the word “Manchester” when looking at each
mark individually. This would also be the case when the marks are placed side
by side. The other parts of each mark, and the different graphical elements
employed are mere accoutrements and minor details. Thus, all in all, it cannot
be gainsaid that each mark was visually similar to the other.

33 I also note that the two typefaces used in the marks are not totally
distinct – they share similarities, though differences are apparent and may be
significant to the trained eye. A consumer with imperfect recollection may not
recall or pay heed to these differences, which are minor compared to the
similarity of the text.

34 In concluding that the word “Manchester” dominates each mark, the
assessment is of the marks as a whole. As was noted in _Staywell_ (at [26]):

When speaking of the assessment of a mark as a whole, it may be noted that the
cases have consistently stated that the "visual, aural or conceptual
similarity of the marks in question, must be based on the overall impression
given by the marks, bearing in mind, in particular, their distinctive and
dominant components" (_Sabel v Puma_ … at 224, _Matratzen Concord GmbH v OHIM_
(Case T-6/01) [2002] ECR II-4335 …, _Doctor's Associates Inc. v Lim Eng Wah_
[2012] 3 SLR 193 ("_Subway Niche_ ") at [19] and _Bently & Sherman_ … at p
864).

35 The Plaintiff contends that the trade channel for which the marks are
registered point to the dominance of the word “Manchester”. It argues that
given the regulation of cigarette sales, a consumer would distinguish
different brands by asking for his desired brand by name. The Plaintiff also
cites decisions of the IPOS placing greater weight on aural rather than visual
cues in relation to marks on cigarette packets. In the first of these cases,
_British American Tobacco (Brands) Inc. v Phillip Morris Products S A_ [2012]
SGIPOS 7 (“ _Phillip Morris_ ”), the Registrar considered the nature of the
marketplace and environment in deciding the matter in respect of an issue
under s 7(1)(_b_) of the Act, _i.e._ , whether the marks were devoid of any
distinctive character. In the second case, _N.V. Sumatra Tobacco Trading
Company v British American Tobacco (Brands) Inc._ [2008] SGIPOS 2, the
Registrar emphasised the aural cues of the mark when considering the
likelihood of confusion under s 8(2)(_b_) of the Act. However, it is my view
that while these matters raised by the Plaintiff, such as the trade channel
and regulation of cigarette sales, are appropriate matters to be considered in
deciding a matter in respect of s 7(1)(_b_) or in deciding whether a
likelihood of confusion exists, they are not relevant for the present stage of
the analysis.

(2) Conceptual similarity

36 Conceptual similarity requires a comparison of the underlying ideas behind
the marks, or, put in another way, the comparison of the feelings and images
intended to be evoked by each mark. In this regard, the Court of Appeal in
_Staywell_ adopted the formulation in the previous edition of Lionel Bently &
Brad Sherman, _Intellectual Property Law_ (Oxford University Press, 3rd Ed,
2009), _i.e._ , that “the conceptual analysis seeks to uncover the ideas that
lie behind and inform the understanding of the mark as a whole” (at [35]).

37 For the Plaintiff, it was said that his mark is intended to evoke
“Manchester”, the city in England. It is contended by the Plaintiff, that the
Defendant’s mark is also meant to evoke the idea of the United Kingdom and the
city of Manchester.

38 The Defendant submits that there is no conceptual similarity between the
marks here. It says that the Plaintiff’s mark is intended to convey the
impression of tradition and nobility, through the coat of arms, as well as the
word “Manchester”. Taken together these are meant to evoke English tradition.
In comparison, the Defendant’s mark has a more contemporary image, intending
to connote, in the Defendant’s words, a “more young and modern vibe”.

39 In examining conceptual similarity, the aim is to identify the ideas
underpinning the mark as a whole; therefore, the analysis must be a holistic
one, as each component may have a different conceptual basis: _Staywell_ at
[35]. In analysing conceptual similarity, one will need to consider the
connotations or evocations inspired by the marks. Certainly, as the Defendant
says, one could construe the Plaintiff’s mark as a whole as importing some
element of luxury or quality through the use of the coat of arms present on
the Plaintiff’s mark. Indeed, the Plaintiff’s mark actually includes the words
“House of Quality” and the crest bears the letters “HQ”, which is, presumably,
an abbreviation for “House of Quality”. In comparison, the Defendant’s mark
would not be taken to directly evoke an association with tradition, luxury or
quality. However, in both marks, the word “Manchester” occupies a significant
part. Taking each mark as a whole, the conceptual objective is the evocation
of whatever it is that the word “Manchester” is supposed to evoke: it may be
England or Great Britain, whether it is the Britain of tradition or
contemporary English. Different aspects of England or Britain are perhaps
evoked by the two marks, but it is ultimately the same object. Alternatively,
and I suspect more likely, the image to be evoked is whatever is triggered in
the minds of the consumer by the word “Manchester”: the city; England or Great
Britain; or the football teams. Indeed, some ambiguity may have been intended
behind both these marks. I therefore find that there is conceptual similarity.

The overall assessment of similarity

40 I am satisfied that there is similarity between the two marks. Visually,
the word “Manchester” dominates, or is at least a significant part of, either
mark. The other graphical elements do not detract from the prominence of the
word in either mark. Conceptually, both marks allude to whatever may be evoked
by the word “Manchester”. Whether that evocation is in terms of tradition or
modernity does not matter – the image to be inspired is primarily triggered by
the word “Manchester”, and not the surrounding accoutrements. Also, as the
Defendant concedes, there was certainly aural similarity. Taking all of these
together, the only conclusion that can be drawn is that these marks are
similar. While I find similarity in all three aspects, even if I am wrong on
conceptual similarity, similarity as a whole would still be made out. Not all
three aspects of similarity need to be made out: _Hai Tong_ at [40(a)].
Further, it is recognised that even if only one aspect out of the three is
similar, that could be sufficient to establish overall similarity. Thus, even
if there is a conceptual difference, the aural and visual similarity taken
together would invariably lead to overall similarity between the two marks. It
is clear from the cases that what is needed is an appreciation of the holistic
impact of the two marks – the inquiries into aural, visual and conceptual
similarity do not constitute a mechanical exercise, with each box to be ticked
before a conclusion of similarity can be derived. Ultimately, as noted in
_Staywell_ at [17], the determination of similarity is a matter of impression.
It was noted by the Court of Appeal there that:

… [T]he reality [is] that the similarity of marks is ultimately and inevitably
a matter of impression rather than one that can be resolved as a quantitative
or mechanistic exercise … The three aspects of similarity are meant to guide
the court's inquiry but it is not helpful to convert this into a checkbox
exercise in which a tick, however faint it might be, in any one box must
compel the court to find that the marks are similar when a sensible appraisal
of the marks as a whole would show otherwise.

Similarity or identity of goods

41 As noted above, there is no dispute that the goods are identical. Even if
the cigarettes are meant to be marketed to different segments of the consumer
market, that would not render these goods unidentical or dissimilar.

Confusion

42 I find that confusion as to the origin of the goods is likely to arise
because of the similarity of the marks. A consumer with imperfect recollection
is likely to confuse the Defendant’s mark and hence the Defendant’s goods with
the Plaintiff’s mark and goods.

(1) The law on assessment of confusion

43 Factors that are germane to determining whether there is a likelihood of
confusion include the following (see _The Polo/Lauren Co, LP v Shop In
Department Store Pte Ltd_ [2006] 2 SLR(R) 690 (“ _Polo_ ”) at [28] and _Hai
Tong_ at [85]):

(a) the similarity or identity of the marks; the closeness or identity of the
goods; and

(b) the recollection and discernment of the relevant consumer.

44 In relation to the first factor, the Court of Appeal in _Hai Tong_ noted
that it was self-evident that the more similar the marks, the more likely that
confusion would result (at [85(c)(iii)]).

45 The perspective to be taken is that of the average consumer with some care
and good sense: _Hai Tong_ at [40]. In _Hai Tong_ , the Court of Appeal noted
that the interplay between these factors will need to be considered (at
[85(c)]):

… Each of these factors will have a bearing on the likelihood of confusion. As
an illustrative proposition, the likelihood of confusion must be greater
where, say, the contesting marks are similar to a high degree, the goods are
identical in nature and the segment of the public in question is
undistinguished in its attention than would be the case if the marks and the
goods are somewhat similar but not exceedingly so, and the relevant segment of
the public happens to be highly knowledgeable and very fastidious. …

46 While the assessment of confusion takes into consideration matters outside
the marks, it would not be correct to factor everything. In _Staywell_ , the
Court of Appeal gave guidance on the element of confusion (at [86]):

…[I]f the competing marks and goods are found to be sufficiently similar such
that, having regard to the characteristics of the likely consumer, the court
concludes there would be a likelihood of confusion, it would not be
permissible to have regard to yet further extraneous considerations that might
have the effect of diminishing the likelihood of confusion. In the same way
that confusion stemming from sources other than the similarity of marks and
goods is outside the reach of trade mark protection … so too must such factors
be irrelevant to displace a finding of likely confusion if the property rights
represented in the trade mark are to be meaningfully upheld.

The Court noted again at [95]:

… The permissible factors are those which (a) are intrinsic to the very nature
of the goods and/or (b) affect the impact that the similarity of marks and
goods has on the consumer. The impermissible factors are those differences
between the competing marks and goods which are created by a trader's
differentiating steps. In other words, factors which are not inherent in the
goods, but are susceptible to changes that can be made by a trader from time
to time, should not be permissible considerations. …

47 On the other hand, the Court of Appeal recognised that factors relating to
purchasing practices and the degree of care exercised by a consumer when
purchasing the relevant good can be considered and assessed. Thus consumer
perception, as influenced by the similarity of the marks and the goods would
be material considerations.

(2) Confusion in the present case

48 The Plaintiff relies on the two marks having been registered for the same
class and for identical goods, the similarity of the marks, and the need, in
the local context, for purchasers to ask a retailer for cigarettes by asking
for “Manchester” cigarettes to argue that there is a likelihood of confusion.
It was also emphasised that the Plaintiff’s sales would primarily be to ship
chandlers and sailors and that most orders from ships would specify the word
“Manchester”, such that there is a risk that the chandlers would be supplied
with the Defendant’s products instead.

49 Counsel for the Defendant argues that where marks have been used and
continue to be used, actual evidence of confusion is needed. The Defendant
contends that the specific trade channels used by the Plaintiff are also
material. Given that these sales are to ship chandlers, the average consumer
of the Plaintiff’s cigarettes would be a ship chandler, not the general
smoker. Such a consumer would be circumspect and discerning.

50 The Defendant further contends that if the likelihood of confusion is
determined from the viewpoint of the average consumer, in this case the
average consumer would possess the following characteristics:

(a) the average consumer would be a fastidious smoker who pays greater
attention to the cigarettes which he purchases because the choice of cigarette
is a matter of habit and personal preference;

(b) such a purchaser is likely to be a regular and habitual consumer of
cigarettes who is familiar with the packaging of the brand and the flavour of
the cigarettes;

(c) the average consumer is also likely to be particular about purchasing a
specific line or flavour from a manufacturer; and

(d) the average consumer would make the purchase not only via an oral request,
but also through a visual inspection.

51 The Defendant thus submits that even if the marks are similar, there is
only a low level of similarity; this, coupled with the qualities associated
with the average consumer, leads to the conclusion that there would be a low
likelihood of confusion on the part of the average smoker.

52 I am satisfied, accepting the arguments of the Plaintiff, that the relevant
consumer of cigarettes would be confused. The two strongest factors indicating
likelihood of confusion here are: (i) that the two marks are in respect of
identical goods, namely cigarettes; and (ii) the high degree of similarity
between the marks. Once two marks, which are in respect of the same goods, are
found to be similar, any consumer, with the proverbial imperfect recollection
of the mark he wanted to buy, would probably not be able to distinguish
between the different items on sale, and would think one was the other. There
is thus confusion as to the origin of the goods.

53 This is reinforced by the statements of the Court of Appeal in _Hai Tong._
In that case, it was stated that the fact that marks are used on identical
goods will have a bearing on the assessment of likelihood of confusion (_Hai
Tong_ at [97]–[98] and [103]). Since the goods here, as in the case of _Hai
Tong_ , are identical, minor differences in price, or the type of specific
cigarettes sold by the parties, are not, following the approach in _Hai Tong_
, material either. Any prospective purchaser of cigarettes confronted with one
or the other of the two marks, with an imperfect recollection of the
respective marks, would be plainly confused as to their respective origins. In
other words, I am satisfied that there is a likelihood that a purchaser of
cigarettes confronted with the Defendant’s product bearing the Defendant’s
mark would think that it was the Plaintiff’s mark, on the Plaintiff’s goods.

54 As to who is the average consumer here, the Plaintiff says that the average
consumers are the ship chandlers and sailors. The Defendant does not take
significant issue with this but contends that the ultimate consumers are
fastidious and therefore not likely to be confused. In my view, there is
insufficient evidence of the specific qualities of a typical consumer of
cigarettes, such as surveys. In the absence of such evidence, the court must
proceed on the basis that such a consumer shares the characteristics of a
general consumer. In buying expensive items, such as a condominium or hotel
stay, there may be greater care taken. I am not convinced however that the
care taken by a cigarette smoker is so great that it will even give pause to a
smoker if he were confronted by the Defendant’s product when he seeks to buy
the Plaintiff’s; it is very likely that the smoker will, given the identity of
the textual component, assume or conclude that the Defendant’s product is the
Plaintiff’s, perhaps in different packaging. Changes in packaging of
consumables do occur, and different markets may have the same product in
different packages. Thus even if the fastidiousness or habits of smokers put
forward by the Defendant were true, in the present case, the conclusion would
have to be that there is a likelihood of confusion on the part of purchasers.

55 Circumstances of purchase are material in so far as these arise in respect
of how possible consumers can purchase the goods or services in question. The
Court of Appeal in _Staywell_ recognised explicitly that purchasing practices
are material (at [163(g)]). Thus the observations in cases cited by the
parties, such as _Phillip Morris_ , would be useful and relevant, in so far as
they do not go into issues of exposure to marketing efforts and the like. In
any event, the Plaintiff contends that the ability of consumers of cigarettes
in this specific case to differentiate the marks would be limited because of
the purchasing mechanism considered in _Phillip Morris_ (at [57]). I am unable
to accept all of the Plaintiff’s contentions, as there is insufficient
evidence of that before me. But this does not lead to a finding against the
Plaintiff for the reasons stated above.

56 There was some argument at the hearing about how these restrictions would
play out in the context of chandlers trying to buy cigarettes to supply to
ships. It is likely that such purchasers would have to rely on the name or
aural characteristics of the marks: by most means of purchase, the aural
aspect would dominate. But even if the attention of such purchasers were drawn
to the marks as a whole, visually, the purchasers would still be likely to be
confused as to the origin of the goods: the marks are very similar, dominated
in each case by the word “Manchester” and as emphasised above at [52]–[53],
they are in respect of identical goods. In the circumstances therefore, I find
that there is sufficient probability of confusion as to the origin of the
cigarettes – the consumer with the usual characteristics would think when
faced by the Defendant’s mark that it belonged to the Plaintiff, and
originated from the Plaintiff.

57 As to absence of evidence of actual confusion, this is not to be given
undue significance (see the comments of the Court of Appeal in _Hai Tong_ at
[99]–[101]). This should be particularly so where the marks are in respect of
identical goods, as in the present case. In such a situation, the absence of
evidence of actual confusion is not that significant. The Defendant cites
_Baywatch Production Co. Inc v The Home Video Channel_ [1997] FSR 22 (“
_Baywatch_ ”) as authority for the proposition that absence of evidence of
confusion is significant. It must be noted however that _Baywatch_ was
concerned with an application for an injunction; in such a context actual
confusion would be a material factor in swinging the court’s discretion.
Additionally, the court there had to deal with, on the one hand, a television
or video show apparently about lifeguards, and on the other, an explicit adult
programme. Though the latter seems to have spoofed and referenced the former,
it is not surprising, given the clear distinction between the two programme
types that the court there required proof of actual confusion. As one would
expect, the court in _Baywatch_ declined the application for an injunction
against the defendant there. In the present case, in comparison, we have
cigarettes on both sides, with similar marks.

58 The Defendant also relies on the case of _McDonald’s Corp v Future
Enterprises Pte Ltd_ [2005] 1 SLR(R) 177 (“ _McDonald’s_ ”) for the
proposition that aural similarity could be overridden at the point of sale by
other factors, rendering confusion unlikely. The facts of _McDonald’s_ are
significantly different. That case concerned the application by Future
Enterprises Pte Ltd to register, _inter alia_ , a mark “MacTea” along with an
eagle device in Singapore. This application was opposed by McDonald’s
Corporation, the international fast-food chain. The Court of Appeal, in
allowing the mark “MacTea” to be registered, found that even if one had the
impression that “MacTea” was related to McDonald’s, this impression would
dissipate upon seeing the actual product at the time of purchase, as the
product bearing the “MacTea” mark clearly had a different visual design and a
different spelling of “Mac” from McDonald’s usual products. The case here is
very different: the two marks are aurally identical and are also highly
similar visually with the same dominant word element.

59 I note that in _Staywell_ the Court of Appeal held that a difference exists
between confusion in the context of opposition proceedings under s 8(2) as
compared to infringement proceedings under s 27(2) of the Act (at [56]–[61]).
In the former, as monopoly rights are sought, confusion is measured against
notional fair use. In contrast, as infringement proceedings are not at all
concerned with the exercise of monopoly rights, but only whether the actual
use of one mark has encroached on the rights conferred upon the holder of
another mark. In the present case, where both marks have been registered, and
there is no question of infringement, the issue is a tussle between competing
and incompatible monopoly rights. It should follow therefore, that in these
proceedings, the proper question is one of notional fair use, rather than just
actual use. On that basis, as both marks are in respect of cigarettes, and
notionally, such cigarettes could be available to all possible consumers in
Singapore, there would very likely be confusion. As the goods are of the same
type and the marks are highly similar, each dominated by the word
“Manchester”, a consumer would be hard put to recall the differences, which
are of minor detail only. It is highly likely here, that the goods will be
perceived or believed to come from the same source.

Conclusion as to this ground

60 For these reasons, I conclude that a basis for invalidation has been made
out. The other grounds relied upon by the Plaintiff are not made out. I shall
address these briefly, focussing primarily on the elements that were wanting.

Passing off

61 For the Plaintiff to succeed on this ground, the Plaintiff would have to
show that there was contravention of s 23(3)(_b_) through the passing off of
the Defendant’s goods as the Plaintiff’s. The requirements to establish a
claim for passing off are (see _Novelty Pte Ltd v Amanresorts Ltd and another_
[2009] 3 SLR(R) 216 (“ _Novelty_ ”) at [37]):

(a) goodwill;

(b) misrepresentation; and

(c) damage.

I conclude that the Plaintiff has not established that there is goodwill in
his goods.

Goodwill

62 There is insufficient evidence of goodwill. As noted by the House of Lords
in _The Commissioners of Inland Revenue v Muller & Co’s Margarine, Limited_
[1901] AC 217 at 223–224, and cited in _Novelty_ at [39], goodwill is the
“attractive force” that pulls consumers to a particular business. Goodwill may
be shown through various means, including sales figures, in appropriate
circumstances (see _Novelty_ at [56]). The primary focus is determining the
exposure of the goods or service that is the subject matter of the goodwill to
consumers. Goodwill may also exist in a small section of the public.

63 The Plaintiff relies on the fact that his sales of cigarettes rose from
US$85,000 in 2010 to over US$400,000 in 2012. However, sales alone do not
establish goodwill. The difference is inherent in the definition of goodwill.
Sales may be indicative of goodwill, but it would not, in and of itself, be
goodwill. There must be evidence shown that consumers were attracted to the
Plaintiff’s product. A person, such as a ship chandler or a sailor, may buy a
particular brand for various reasons, including price and quality. A sailor
aboard a ship may perchance buy a particular brand because there is nothing
else available. All of these possibilities should be addressed by the evidence
on goodwill. Unfortunately, none of that was available here.

64 Beyond the sales, there was scant evidence that the Plaintiff’s product had
any attractive force. The Plaintiff referred to the use of marketing materials
and such. But again that would not be sufficient to establish attractive
force. In _Novelty_ , the Court of Appeal noted that in that case it was not
sufficient to show that the trade names used were generally known in
Singapore: it had to be shown that were actual and/or potential customers of
the goods (at [60]).

Misrepresentation and damage

65 Given my conclusion that no goodwill exists, my conclusions on the other
elements, namely misrepresentation and damage can be stated briefly.
Misrepresentation will be made out if there is a likelihood of confusion:
_Novelty_ at [77]. Actual evidence of confusion is not necessary. Given the
use of the same word “Manchester”, in respect of identical goods,
misrepresentation as to the source or origin or association of the goods is
likely. The fact that the market for the cigarettes may differ is immaterial –
the cigarettes were not targeted at entirely different price segments of the
market, unlike the situation in _Novelty_ ; but I do not find, adopting the
language from that case, that the differences between the business in respect
of cigarettes was so great that a mistake of one for the other would not
result. The business and goods of the Plaintiff and Defendant are identical –
the sale of cigarettes, to be purchased and smoked.

66 However, I find that there was insufficient evidence of damage. In order to
make out damage for passing off, the Plaintiff had to show that there was
either blurring of the Plaintiff’s and Defendant’s goods, or tarnishing of the
Plaintiff’s product: _Novelty_ at [97]. The Plaintiff relies here on the drop
in sales from 2012 to 2013. But there can be many explanations for a drop in
sales, misrepresentation by the Defendant being only one of the various
possible causes.

Bad Faith

67 There was no bad faith in the circumstances.

68 Bad faith is a basis for invalidation under s 23(1) read with s 7(6) of the
Act if the registration of the Defendant’s mark was the result of an
application made in bad faith. Bad faith has been defined as conduct which is
dishonest when judged objectively by ordinary standards of honest people:
_Wing Joo Loong Ginseng Hong (Singapore) Co Pte Ltd v Qinghai Xinyuan Foreign
Trade Co Ltd and another and another appeal_ [2009] 2 SLR(R) 814 at
[105]–[107] (“ _Wing Joo Loong_ ”).

69 The Plaintiff contends that as the Defendant must have known of the
Plaintiff’s mark when it started using its mark, and yet proceeded to apply
for registration despite having such knowledge, the application was dishonest
and made in bad faith. The Defendant must have known of the Plaintiff’s mark,
the Plaintiff says, as the Plaintiff’s cigarettes were sold in many countries,
and had been sold in Malaysia, the place of the Defendant’s incorporation,
from 2011. The Plaintiff also contends that it was too much of a coincidence
that the Defendant had also decided to name its cigarette “Manchester”. The
Defendant should have done a trade marks search before registering its mark.
In the circumstances, the Defendant must have known of the Plaintiff’s mark
and deliberately chose to use the word “Manchester” to exploit the Plaintiff’s
reputation. This, it is said, shows dishonesty as well as bad faith.

70 It is necessary, as submitted by the Defendant, for the Plaintiff to show
that the Defendant’s conduct fell short of normally accepted standards of
commercial behaviour, and that the Defendant knew of facts which, if known to
an ordinary honest person, would have made that person realise that there
would be a breach of those standards: _Wing Joo Loong_ at [107].

71 While the Plaintiff did not succeed in registering its mark in Malaysia,
there is no evidence that the Defendant was aware of the Plaintiff’s attempt.
The absence of evidence of such knowledge means that it cannot be said that
the Defendant’s registration of its mark was definitely coloured by knowledge
that it was doing so in the face of an already registered mark. The
Defendant’s evidence is that its mark was conceived without any reference to
the Plaintiff’s.

72 Furthermore, even if the Defendant had known of the earlier registration of
the Plaintiff’s mark, it is doubtful that that fact alone would be sufficient
to fix the Defendant with bad faith. The cases relied upon by the Plaintiff
such as _Wing Joo Long_ , _Weir Warman Ltd v Research & Development Pty Ltd_
[2007] 2 SLR(R) 1073 and _Festina Lotus SA v Romanson Co Ltd_ [2010] 4 SLR 552
(“ _Festina_ ”), address situations which are different. The mere fact that
the Defendant registered its mark, even if it is similar or identical to the
Plaintiff’s, cannot be a sufficient basis for bad faith to be made out.
Indeed, what the cases show that something akin to exploitation of dishonesty
is required. There is no such evidence here.

73 The Plaintiff contends that in _Festina_ , substantial similarity between
the marks, coupled with the inability of the respondent there to explain the
coincidence, led to a finding of bad faith. _Festina_ however involved a case
in which the explanation by the respondent there for similarity of the words
used in the marks (Festina and J. Estina) was found to be contrived. There was
no such evidence in the present case. It is also material that in _Festina_
there was a history of litigation between the parties which apparently
predated the opposition proceedings in Singapore.

Whether the Plaintiff’s mark is well-known

74 This ground, under s 23(3)_(b_)(iii) read with s 8(4), requires that there
is conflict between the Defendant’s mark and a well-known trade mark. Section
8(4) is the ground for rejection of a mark if it is similar to or identical
with an earlier mark, (ii) if the earlier mark is well known, and the use of
the later mark would indicate a connection between those goods and the
proprietor of the earlier mark, and damage his interests.

75 Whether a mark is well-known in Singapore is determined by various factors,
including those listed at s 2(7) of the Act, namely:

(a) The degree to which the mark is known by any relevant sector of the public
in Singapore;

(b) The duration, extent and geographical area of the use or promotion of the
trade mark;

(c) Any registration in any country in which it is used or recognised, and
such duration;

(d) Successful enforcement of any right in any country or territory;

(e) Any value associated with the trade mark.

Section 2(8) stipulates that a trade mark which is well known to any relevant
sector of the public in Singapore is well-known in Singapore. ‘Relevant sector
of the public’ is in turn defined by s 2(9) to include all actual and
potential consumers in Singapore, those in Singapore involved in the
distribution of the goods for which the trade mark is applied; and all
businesses dealing with the goods to which it is applied. As noted by the
Plaintiff, in _Novelty_ , it was stated that the relevant sector of the public
could be a small one.

76 The Plaintiff contends that the Plaintiff’s mark is well known by the
relevant sector, namely ship chandlers, their purchasers and sailors, in view
of the sales in Singapore, the distribution of the Plaintiff’s paraphernalia
relating to the mark, that the mark has been registered in over 30 countries,
and that global sales had hit US$26 million.

77 As noted by the Defendant, whether a mark is well known can be shown in a
number of ways, including survey evidence, evidence of extensive availability
in Singapore or evidence of extensive marketing. Again as noted by the
Defendant, it is not sufficient under this ground that the mark be known; it
must be well-known.

78 The Plaintiff here did not have any survey evidence. It did point to sales
and the distribution of paraphernalia among its target group.

79 The Defendant contends that the evidence relied upon by the Plaintiff is
insufficient, particularly as there is only bill of lading evidence of the
value of goods. The Defendant also contends that the Plaintiff’s sales is not
shown to be a relevant sector of the public in Singapore as the Plaintiff’s
primary market appears to be non-Singaporean.

80 I accept that there is insufficient evidence that the Plaintiff’s mark is
well-known. Even if the sale figures were accepted as being sales in
Singapore, there is no evidence of what reach these sales had – there were no
figures of what the total cigarette market was, or even what the total
chandling cigarette market was. The figures were at most just raw sale
figures. Similarly the evidence of the distribution of paraphernalia fell
short of what was required in terms of evidence on the distribution of
marketing materials, and hence awareness among buyers in Singapore.
Additionally, the fact that the Plaintiff’s cigarettes are sold in about 34
countries did not assist him. That by itself did not translate into the mark
being well-known in Singapore.

81 I do not accept however the contention made by the Defendant in the course
of argument that sailors or others aboard ship passing through Singapore would
not constitute a material market for the purposes of determining whether the
mark was well-known in Singapore. The Act applies within the territory of
Singapore and not just to Singaporeans. There is nothing in the Act to suggest
otherwise.

Miscellaneous matters

82 The fact that the Plaintiff did not oppose the registration of the
Defendant’s mark is not a ground to prevent invalidation. The Defendant does
not take this point in any event, but even so, not opposing a mark cannot by
itself preclude subsequent invalidation proceedings. In some cases, it may be
possible that failure to oppose could be part of a course of conduct making it
unconscionable or inequitable to allow invalidation subsequently, but there is
nothing of this nature in the present case. Additionally, if it were correct
that not opposing registration precludes invalidation, that would mean that
invalidation would be reduced to a very small number of cases. That would not
appear to be consonant with the parliamentary intention behind the provision
of the invalidation mechanism to begin with.

83 There was also an issue about whether any goodwill was owned by the
Plaintiff; as it is, as I did not find sufficient evidence of goodwill, this
point was not material.

84 The Plaintiff also took issue with how the Defendant actually uses its
mark. I found that the Plaintiff’s allegations were not sufficiently made out
on the facts.

85 There was some evidence that the cigarette packets of the Defendant
indicated that these were manufactured under licence from another person.
Nothing ultimately turned on that, and it is immaterial for these proceedings.

Remedy awarded

86 While the other grounds advanced by the Plaintiff are not made out, it is
sufficient for the Plaintiff to have succeeded in respect of the first ground,
_i.e._ that the marks are similar, in respect of identical goods, and that
there will be probable confusion. It follows therefore that the Plaintiff is
entitled to the relief prayed for, namely, that Trade Mark No. T1208253B for
“Manchester and M device” registered in Class 34 in the name of the Defendant
is declared invalid under s 23(3)(_a_)(i) read with s 8(2)(_b_) of the Act.

Costs

87 I will hear the parties on costs.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 11 Feb 2015 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

