Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  TAA _v_ TAB  
[2015] SGHCF 1

Case Number| :| Divorce No 3130 of 2009 (Registrar's Appeal from State Courts
No 204 of 2014)  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 10 February 2015  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Debbie Ong JC  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Geralyn Danker (Veritas Law Corporation) for the
Appellant; Amerjeet Singh s/o Jaswant Singh (Crossborders LLC) for the
Respondent.  
Parties| :|  TAA — TAB  
  
10 February 2015|  
---|---  
  
Debbie Ong JC:

Background facts:

1 The Appellant (referred to here also as the Father), a Singapore citizen,
and the Respondent (referred to here also as the Mother), an American citizen,
were married in 1997. They had three children from this marriage.

2 The Respondent Mother had left Singapore in June 2009 with the youngest
child, without the consent of the husband at that time, and had not
participated in the divorce proceedings which had concluded in an interim
judgment of divorce granted in November 2009. The Father was awarded sole
custody, care and control of the children while the Mother was given access to
them. The Mother returned with the youngest child in November 2010. The three
children have remained in the care and control of the Father since then, while
the Mother has had weekly access to the children.

3 The Mother made an application in June 2014 seeking increased access to the
children. In July 2014, the Father sought an order to bring the children to
Spain to live with him. The Father had, in February 2013, married his current
wife Marta, who is from Spain, and who had been in Singapore on a sabbatical
programme. They have a child born in October 2013. The District Court heard
both applications in August 2014, declined to vary the custody order and
dismissed the Father’s application to relocate with the three children to
Spain. The Father appealed to this Court against the District Judge’s order
refusing to allow the relocation. However, the Father left Singapore for Spain
in September 2014 taking with him the two younger children before this appeal
was heard.

Decision of the District Court

4 The District Judge thought that the Father’s reasons for relocation were not
reasonable. She said ([2014] SGDC 411 at [26]–[28]):

26 … All in the month of June, it appears that a decision was made to relocate
the family to Spain, a house was found, the Husband signed a three (3) year
lease and arrangements for the children to move to a new school were made. The
timing and speed of all this leads me to question the Defendant’s motives in
making the decision to move and whether he had actually considered the
interests of the 2 younger children in arriving at his decision. …

27 …[T]his was not a situation where the Husband was moving back to his home
country or where he had no job in Singapore and had to relocate because that
was the only place he could find employment. In this case, there was no real
need for him to move to Spain and I noted that he was moving as a matter of
choice. … The Husband who has custody, care and control of the children is
obliged to consider the interests and circumstances of the children, including
whether it would be in their interest to have a continuing relationship with
their mother.

28 …I noted that Marta had applied and obtained Permanent Residence status in
Singapore, suggesting her intention of making Singapore her home in the longer
term. I also found it odd that the Husband had not tendered a copy of his
employment contract in support of his contention that he had been offered a
fund manager job in Spain, but instead had tendered a copy of his business
card which reflected a gmail account rather than an office email address and
which also did not specify the designation or position of the Husband in his
proposed new role. His inconsistent and insufficient evidence suggests that
his relocation application was driven by his desire to minimise contact
between the Wife and the 2 younger children and I was of the view that the
Husband’s reasons for relocation were not reasonable in the circumstances and
were made in bad faith.

5 The District judge also found that the Mother had made attempts to rebuild
her relationship with the children and the children had a stable life in
Singapore, having spent the majority of their formative years in Singapore.

My decision

6 After a careful consideration of the relevant facts and circumstances of
this case and applying the law to the facts, I dismissed the Father’s Appeal.
I set out my reasons below.

The law on parental relocation of children

7 The law governing parental child relocation has been the subject of many
learned articles in scholarly journals. The legal principle guiding the courts
in relocation applications in Singapore is similar to that in many countries:
the welfare of the child is the paramount consideration. This principle itself
is simple enough in concept but very challenging in its application to each
unique case. The main difficulty rests in the tension between upholding the
primary carer or custodial parent’s freedom to relocate and the child’s
interest in maintaining a relationship with both parents within the same
country.

Landmark Court of Appeal decision in Singapore

8 In Singapore, the Court of Appeal in _Re C (an infant)_ [2003] 1 SLR(R) 502
(“ _Re C_ ”), has given these guiding principles in determining relocation
issues:

22 … It is the reasonableness of the party having custody to want to take the
child out of jurisdiction which will be determinative, and always keeping in
mind that the paramount consideration is the welfare of the child. If the
motive of the party seeking to take the child out of jurisdiction was to end
contact between the child and the other parent, then that would be a very
strong factor to refuse the application. Therefore, if it is shown that the
move abroad by the person or parent having custody is not unreasonable or done
in bad faith, then the court should only disallow the child to be taken out of
jurisdiction if it is shown that the interest of the child is incompatible
with the desire of such person or parent living abroad. As quoted by Ormrod LJ
in _Chamberlain v de la Mare_ (1983) 4 FLR 434 from his decision in _Moodey v
Field_ (unreported judgment dated 13 February 1981):

The question therefore in each case is, is the proposed move a reasonable one
from the point of view of the adults involved? If the answer is yes, then
leave should only be refused if it is clearly shown beyond any doubt that the
interests of the children and the interests of the custodial parent are
incompatible. One might postulate a situation where a boy or girl is well
settled in a boarding school, or something of that kind, and it could be said
to be very disadvantageous to upset the situation and move the child into a
very different educational system. I merely take that as an example. Short of
something like that, the court in principle should not interfere with the
reasonable decision of the custodial parent.

Decisions applying Re C

9 It appears that the recent reported decisions in Singapore on parental child
relocation, except for a most recent High Court decision, have allowed the
child or children to be relocated. In the majority of the decisions, by
applying _Re C_ , the courts seemed to have focused more on the reasonableness
of the custodial parent’s reasons for relocation and less on the loss of the
relationship with the other parent, resulting in orders allowing relocations.
It was only in the most recent High Court decision of _BNT v BNS_ [2014] 4 SLR
859 (“ _BNT v BNS_ ”) that a relocation was not permitted. _BNT v BNS_ serves
as an important reminder not to focus on the reasonable wishes of the primary
carer to the extent that there is practically a presumption in favour of
relocation once it is found that the primary carer’s decision is not
unreasonable.

10 In _BNT v BNS_ , Judith Prakash J explained the principle in _Re C_ (at
[16]– [17]):

16 In my view, the only applicable principle of law in relocation cases is
that the welfare of the child is the paramount and overriding consideration:
_AZB v AYZ_ at [20]. _Re C_ should not be understood as suggesting anything
contrary. In fact, it expressly accepts this principle. The suggestion that
the reasonable wishes of the primary caregiver are “determinative” must be
understood within this context.

17 The reasonable wishes of the primary caregiver are important because a
child’s welfare is closely linked to the happiness and well-being of the
primary caregiver. … It is for this reason that courts are reluctant to refuse
a relocation application, so long as it has been reasonably made and is not
against the interests of the child. Reluctance does not mean that the wishes
of the primary caregiver will always be decisive. There are cases where it
would be necessary to deny an application to relocate in order to advance the
welfare of the child: _AZB v AYZ_ at [17].

11 The Judge further held (at [20]–[21]):

20 … First, there is no _legal presumption_ in favour of allowing relocation
when the primary caregiver’s desire to relocate is not unreasonable or founded
in bad faith. By this, I mean that this is not a situation where the burden of
proof shifts to the party challenging the application upon the applicant
proving the reasonableness of his or her desire to relocate, nor is it a
situation where the presumption is decisive of the outcome unless displaced.

21 Second, the court must bear in mind that, in general, it is in the child’s
interests for him to continue to have a meaningful relationship with both his
mother and father notwithstanding that the relationship between the parents
has broken down. The Court of Appeal in _CX v CY_ [2005] 3 SLR(R) 690 observed
at [26] that “that the welfare of a child is best secured by letting him enjoy
the love, care and support of both parents”. …

12 On the facts of _BNT v BNS_ , the learned Judge found that “the good and
close relationship that currently exists between the children and their father
will be undermined and become distant if the relocation application were to be
granted” (at [35]). The court thought that the hostility that the mother had
displayed towards the father suggested that she would not actively facilitate
contact with the father once she was out of Singapore. Further, the mother’s
plans for relocation were not well thought through, suggesting that her true
motivation for the application was to avoid the unpleasantness of having to
deal with the father in Singapore. The Judge also observed that the children’s
young ages and the difference in time zones between Canada and Singapore would
make it difficult for the father to sustain the closeness of their
relationship (at [35]):

35 … With younger children, closeness is promoted by physical contact and
frequent interaction in routine activities. Telephone and internet access are
frequently unsatisfactory due to technical difficulties and generally permit
only one type of interaction: conversation. Normal family life consists of
much more than conversations between parent and child – there are joint
activities, routines, projects, discipline and learning from the examples set
by the parents in all sorts of situations.

Therefore relocation would have seriously undermined the children’s
relationship with the father.

Examples of important factors used in previous cases

13 In many cases where relocation has been permitted, the relocating parent’s
need to relocate seemed rather dire. A number involved a divorced parent who
wished to return to his or her pre-marriage home country. In _Tran Jeannie v
Chioy Kok Leong_ [2002] SGDC 22, the mother had brought the children up from
birth. She had no extended family in Singapore and her parents were in the US.
The Court found that she was financially insecure in Singapore whereas in the
US, her parents could provide her and the children a roof, childcare
assistance and financial support. The court granted her application to
relocate.

14 In _AZB v AYZ_ [2012] 3 SLR 627 (“ _AZB v_ AYZ”), the High Court noted that
the primary carer-mother’s decision to relocate back to Illinois in the US
would enable her to get the support she needed, to “be comforted by the
nurturing company of her close, supportive and loving family” and that she
would find it easier to find a job and retain her independence in the US than
in Singapore after divorce.

15 _ATC v ATD_ [2011] SGDC 254 involved parties who were American citizens,
born and raised in America, who married in America with relatives residing in
America. The parties moved to Singapore in 2008 and were divorced in 2009. The
wife was designated as the children’s “primary residential parent” under their
Joint Parenting Agreement. She was granted leave to relocate to the US with
the children.

16 Other cases involved remarriage to a new spouse who was already settled in
that other country with a stable job and had no connection to Singapore. In
_AYD v AYE_ [2012] SGHC 42, the mother had quit her job in Singapore and
wished to migrate permanently to the US with her American fiancé. In _BX v BY_
[2003] SGDC 29, the mother sought leave to relocate as her new husband was
located in Shanghai. The court held that it was reasonable to take the child
with her but ordered that she had to bear the expenses of bringing the child
back for access with the other parent.

Balancing the factors

17 It is imperative that the court is not constrained by any guiding
principles that have the practical effect of moving it towards a certain
presumption, since the paramount consideration is the welfare of the child and
not the wishes of either parent. The court is obliged to consider all the
relevant facts and circumstances in each individual case in determining what
is in the welfare of that particular child. Of course, the wishes of parents
may have a bearing on the welfare of the child, but it is for the court to
determine if their wishes are compatible with the interests of the child. The
law expects parents to put the interests of the children before their own. A
decision to relocate itself may not be made in bad faith nor be unreasonable
because one can understand that a parent may have a need to relocate for
genuine personal reasons. But that decision is not necessarily the same as a
decision that is in the best interests of the child. The High Court in _BNT v
BNS_ (at [17]) and _AZB v AYZ_ (at [14]) have noted that the reasonable wishes
of the primary caregiver are important because a child’s welfare is closely
linked to the happiness and well-being of the primary caregiver. But there is
a caution that they must be “reasonably made and [are] not against the
interests of the child” (see _BNT v BNS_ at [17] and AZB v AYZ at [14]).

18 While one should not underestimate the risk of the negative effects on the
child arising from frustrating the plans of the parent who is the child’s
primary carer, this must be balanced against the law’s expectations that
parents must place the needs of their children before their own. A parent with
care of the children is no longer as free to live life as he or she may have
been had he or she been single or divorced without children. Parents in
functional families make sacrifices in their lifestyles all the time for their
children. One may have to decline an attractive overseas job posting because
of the needs of the children. Raising children requires heavy commitment. The
law expects no less from parents in post-divorce circumstances. This is not to
say that the law does not recognise the difficulties and pain parents may have
to bear, but children do grow up and such sacrifice is not demanded endlessly
of a parent. Sacrifices may have to be made temporarily in the years when the
children require them. The law chooses to place the welfare of the child above
all else.

Underlying concerns and aims

19 A relocation of children to another jurisdiction is a serious matter. It
would mean a fundamental change in whom the children would see as their close
family and the children would lose the experience of hands-on parenting from
both their mother and their father (see _K v K_ [2011] EWCA Civ 793). The
court must give sufficient weight to the loss of the children’s relationship
with the left-behind parent and also give appropriate weight to the genuine
difficulties of the parent wishing to relocate.

20 A refusal to allow relocation at the time of application does not
necessarily mean that a future relocation can never be possible. In _K v K_
[2011] EWCA Civ 793, Moore-Bick LJ noted the advice of an officer of the
Children and Families Court Advisory Support Service (at [89]):

… [The officer] accepted that if in three to four years’ time the mother still
wished to return to Canada that was likely to be in the best interests of the
children, but she proposed that they should remain in this country for the
time being under the shared care arrangements and therefore recommended that
the application be refused.

The law will not permit hastily made unilateral plans that fail to consider
the welfare of the children. But well made plans that promote both the common
interests of the parent and the children can be supported. Well made plans may
require robust and extensive discussions between both parents exploring
various options and setting in place clear access plans while the families are
in two different countries. Some left behind parents may even be willing to
move to or nearer to the new country. The law expects at least such efforts to
have been made as cooperative parents of the children whose welfare is being
threatened.

Analysis of the relevant facts in the present case

Father’s reasons for relocation

21 In the present case, the Father’s main reasons for relocating to Spain
appear to be prompted by his current wife’s circumstances and plans. The
Father’s counsel has emphasised that the current wife cannot practice as a
doctor in Singapore. The Father thought that they would try living in Spain.
It is not that his wife cannot remain in Singapore, for she is a Permanent
Resident of Singapore. There were also suggestions made by counsel that the
relocation was not intended to be permanent. It was conveyed to the Court that
the Father remains a Singapore citizen, he has family and relatives in
Singapore and he is still very much connected to Singapore. In fact, the
eldest child is studying in a Polytechnic in Singapore and intends to continue
to live in Singapore and make holiday visits to be with her Father and
siblings. So it would seem that his decision to move to Spain was prompted by
his current wife’s circumstances. This is not a case where the relocating
parent is returning to his or her country of origin where his or her home used
to be before the marriage. The Father had a job in Singapore, his family and
relatives are in Singapore and the children were settled in schools in
Singapore. His plans to give living in Spain a try entails him having to find
a new job in Spain and uprooting the two younger children from Singapore to an
environment they are unfamiliar with, where English is not the main language
of communication.

Children’s loss of relationships

22 _BNT v BNS_ has highlighted the importance of taking the loss of
relationship with the left-behind parent into account when deciding whether to
grant an application to relocate. The Father’s counsel submitted that the
facts of _BNT v BNS_ are different from the present, because the father in
_BNT v BNS_ was very close to the children and had fully exercised the liberal
access given to him. Relocation would have undermined the relationship and be
detrimental to the children. It was submitted that, in contrast, the children
were not close to the Mother in the present case, and in fact, did not want to
spend time with the Mother. While I agree that the facts are different, I note
two main circumstances which militate against relocation. First, both counsels
agreed that before the breakdown of the marriage, the Mother was an involved
parent who had a close relationship with the children. The Mother's position
was that she had left Singapore with the youngest child because she was in
fear of the Father. She then thought that she could live with the children
when she returned with the youngest child to Singapore but alleged that she
was prevented from having access to the children, save for weekly 2-hour
sessions at the swimming pool area of the condominium where the children
lived. The Father alleged that access was always offered and that the children
did not want to spend time with the Mother.

23 The Mother is now fighting to spend time with the children and rebuilding
her relationship with them. She had been an involved parent until the marriage
broke down. Whatever may have been the true state of the circumstances during
the years 2009 to 2014, the difficulties during that time had caused issues
between the Mother and the children such that they are no longer as close as
they were prior to the marriage breakdown. In fact, there is tension in their
relationship. Does this then mean that the mother-and-children relationship
should never be supported any further? Are the children to simply live without
their Mother in their lives from now on, erase the earlier childhood memories
of their relationship with her and move on without their mother in their
lives? The reality here is that when the Father and children relocate to
Spain, the Mother's access to the children will be more difficult than ever
before. The Father's position appeared to be that he could not do anything
more to facilitate access if the children themselves did not want to see or
talk to their Mother. There was no evidence of any discussion between the
parents on the proposed move to Spain, nor on any arrangements on how access
could continue when the children left for Spain in September. It is doubtful
anything will improve in terms of greater encouragement and support for access
by the Father when they live in Spain for the longer term. There is no
evidence of efforts by the Father to be supportive of access; instead, there
appears to be support for the children to write letters that they do not wish
to spend time with the Mother. Thus, relocation to Spain is likely to sound a
death knell to the relationship between the Mother and the children. If the
children remain in Singapore, their relationship with their Mother could get
better, or it might not. Life is not predictable. But relationships are
dynamic and it would be a disservice not to give the children the opportunity
of building a positive relationship with their mother. The father is also
obliged by the law to be a cooperative parent, to actively support the
building of the relationship, for this is in the welfare of the children.

24 There is also another fact here on the loss of the children’s relationship
with a significant family member: the eldest child is living in Singapore and
continuing her studies in a Polytechnic in Singapore. Relocation breaks the
siblings up.

Uprooting the children

25 Apart from the factor of the loss of relationship between the children and
their Mother and eldest sister, there is another crucial factor. The children
have been settled in Singapore and in schools in Singapore. Is uprooting them
to a country they are unfamiliar with, placing them in a different education
system where English is not the main language medium used, in their welfare?
The Court of Appeal in _Re C_ cited Ormrod LJ that “[o]ne might postulate a
situation where a boy or girl is well settled in a boarding school, or
something of that kind, and it could be said to be very disadvantageous to
upset the situation and move the child into a very different educational
system.” This factor is independent from the one on the loss of relationship
with the other parent. It is a relevant one here in the present case. The
relocation in this case may even be temporary, since it seemed clear that the
Father still considers Singapore his home. He may be exploring what living in
Spain is like but during this period, he would have uprooted the children from
Singapore and their education here and reduced their contact with the Mother.
This move did not appear to be planned with the children's welfare in mind.
The Father had other personal reasons to move to Spain and had to bring the
children along because of these plans. Thus, for a possibly non-permanent
relocation, the children are uprooted to an entirely different educational
system, and a substantial negative effect on the relationship with their
Mother and oldest sister ensues. The years of bonding lost between the
children and their Mother cannot be easily made up for, particularly under
such challenging circumstances.

How the balance should be struck in the present case

26 In the present case, it may be understandable why the father had personal
reasons to move to Spain, but the move is incompatible with the children’s
interests. This court has given weight to the difficulties of the Father who
is desirous of building a new family with his new wife and their child, while
caring for the children from his previous marriage. The urgency of the
situation and the options available to him have been taken into account. I
find that, on balance, the need to relocate is not as strong as the need for
the family to remain in Singapore at this time.

27 First, the children are being uprooted from a very stable living
environment with routine day to day activities with the Father and weekly
access with the Mother and are settled in schools in Singapore. A relocation
will uproot them to an environment and educational system that is unfamiliar
to them and where English is not the language medium used. Further, they may
be uprooted for a future that is not for the long-term and may have to
readjust to Singapore should the Father decide to return to Singapore, where
his roots remain.

28 _BNT v BNS_ has highlighted that closeness of relationship is promoted by
physical contact and frequent interaction in routine activities whereas
telephone and internet access generally permit only one type of interaction,
which is conversation. Children would lose out on other aspects of family life
such as enjoying activities together with the left behind parent and their
sister as well as the closeness which comes only with face-to-face
interactions, hugs and loving touches. In the present case, the two younger
children are 14 and 11 years of age; they still need the guidance of both
parents in their lives and should be afforded the opportunity to have a
healthy relationship with both parents.

29 The counsel for the Father also highlighted that the youngest child is not
a Singapore citizen and so this fact would weigh in favour of relocation. I
cannot see why this would necessarily be so, since the Father can apply for
the status necessary for him to live in Singapore. The Father is a citizen, as
are the other two children.

30 It is noted that the Father disregarded the District Court’s order below
and left for Spain before this Appeal could be heard. Counsel for the Father
explained that there were interviews that the children had to attend in Spain
and so they could not wait and had to leave for Spain. I do not see how this
justifies keeping the children in Spain after the interviews are over. The
children could have gone for the interviews, returned to Singapore and
remained in their current Singapore schools until all these matters are
resolved.

31 The undisputed facts of their absence from Singapore give rise to a
situation of breach of s 126(3) of the Women’s Charter (Cap 353, 2009 Rev Ed)
which provides:

… where an order for custody is in force, no person shall take the child who
is the subject of the custody order out of Singapore except with the written
consent of both parents or the leave of the court.

32 The Father did not have the leave of the court nor the Mother’s consent
when he left with the children in September 2014. He has left the jurisdiction
with the children despite having been refused the order allowing him to take
the children to Spain. The Father and the two younger children had not
returned to Singapore at the time of the hearing of this appeal.

33 My decision is based on the welfare of the children and is in no way meant
to penalise the Father for the conduct mentioned. What has happened is not
compatible with the welfare of the children. The Father decided to take the
children out of Singapore during their school term although there was always
the possibility that his appeal would be dismissed.

Conclusion

34 The appeal is dismissed. The Appellant shall pay costs covering the
Respondent’s disbursements fixed at $500.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 10 Feb 2015 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

