Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Public Prosecutor _v_ Lim Choon Teck  
[2015] SGHC 265

Case Number| :| Magistrate's Appeal No 9149 of 2015  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 14 October 2015  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Chan Seng Onn J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Prem Raj Prabakaran and Tan Ee Kuan (Attorney-General's
Chambers) for the appellant; The respondent in person.  
Parties| :|  Public Prosecutor — Lim Choon Teck  
  
14 October 2015|  
---|---  
  
Chan Seng Onn J:

Introduction

1 The Public Prosecutor (“Prosecution”) brought the present appeal on the
ground that the sentence imposed on the respondent, Lim Choon Teck, was
manifestly excessive. I believe that this is the first time the Prosecution
has appealed against a sentence on this ground.

2 The respondent pleaded guilty and was sentenced to eight weeks’ imprisonment
for one charge under s 336(_a_) of the Penal Code (Cap 224, 2008 Rev Ed) (“the
Penal Code”) on 7 September 2015. His sentence was backdated to the date of
his arrest, _viz_ , 1 September 2015. I heard the appeal on an expedited basis
on 18 September 2015 and reduced the respondent’s sentence to three weeks’
imprisonment. I now set out my grounds of decision.

Background facts

3 The respondent is a 35-year-old Singaporean male. On 17 May 2015 at or about
7.23pm, the respondent collided into a 69-year-old woman (“the victim”) when
he was cycling on his non-motorised bicycle along a narrow pavement within a
bus stop at Ang Mo Kio Avenue 8. The respondent was cycling at an “unsafe
speed [and] could not stop his bicycle”[note: 1] so as to avoid the victim who
was walking with her husband towards the bus stop from a sheltered walkway.
Notably, the respondent’s view of pedestrians approaching the bus stop from
the walkway was blocked by a board that was present at the bus stop. The
victim landed on her outstretched right arm, suffering fractures to her right
upper arm and wrist.

4 The respondent stopped his bicycle after he collided into the victim. At the
request of the victim’s husband, the respondent handed over his identification
card to the victim’s husband for him to record the particulars of the
respondent; however, before the victim’s husband could record “all of his
details”,[note: 2] the respondent took back his identification card and sped
off on his bicycle. The victim was then conveyed by ambulance to the Khoo Teck
Puat Hospital. In the present appeal, Mr Prem Raj Prabakaran (“the DPP”)
submitted on behalf of the Prosecution. The DPP informed the Court that the
respondent was located by the police based on the particulars that the
victim’s husband had managed to take down.

5 The respondent was initially charged for causing grievous hurt to the victim
by doing an act so rashly as to endanger human life or the personal safety of
others under s 338(_a_) of the Penal Code. Pursuant to s 320(_g_) of the Penal
Code, a “fracture or dislocation of a bone” would amount to “grievous hurt”
within the meaning of s 338(_a_) of the Penal Code.

6 As noted at [2] above, the Prosecution decided to proceed instead on a
reduced charge under s 336(_a_) of the Penal Code which provides as follows:

**Punishment for act which endangers life or the personal safety of others**

336\. Whoever does any act so rashly or negligently as to endanger human life
or the personal safety of others, shall be punished —

(a) in the case of a rash act, with imprisonment for a term which may extend
to 6 months, or with fine which may extend to $2,500, or with both; or

…

7 I pause to set out the charge to which the respondent pleaded guilty to and
was convicted and sentenced on (“the Charge”):

You … are charged that you, on 17 May 2015, at or about 7.23 p.m., in the
vicinity of bus stop 54321, located along Ang Mo Kio Avenue 8, near Block 354
Ang Mo Kio Street 32, in Singapore, _did an act so rashly as to endanger the
personal safety of others_ , to wit, by cycling on the pavement near the said
bus stop at an unsafe speed, when your view of pedestrians approaching the bus
stop from the walkway connecting the bus stop and Block 354 was obscured,
resulting in a collision with [the victim], which caused the said [victim] to
sustain an oblique fracture of the neck of right humerus, and you have thereby
committed an offence punishable under section 336(a) of the [Penal Code] .

[emphasis added]

8 There are two limbs to an offence under s 336(_a_) of the Penal Code. The
offender may be charged for doing a rash act so as to (i) endanger human life
(“Endangering Life Limb”); or (ii) the personal safety of others (“Personal
Safety Limb”). The limb under which the offender was charged and convicted on
is relevant towards determining where along the sentencing spectrum the
offender should be placed in relation to an offence under s 336(a) of the
Penal Code. In the present case, the Charge states that the respondent did an
act “ _so rashly as to endanger the personal safety of others_ ”.

9 Before I discuss the substance of the present appeal, I make a few
observations:

(a) The speed at which the respondent was cycling prior to the collision was
not specified. Nevertheless, the respondent admitted without qualification to
the Statement of Facts (“SOF”) that he was cycling at an “unsafe speed”.

(b) While the SOF seems to suggest, at first blush, that the board at the bus
stop blocked the respondent’s view by reason of being positioned perpendicular
to the direction of his motion, I note that the photographs of the bus stop
and the board adduced at the hearing of the appeal by the DPP without
objections from the respondent showed that the board was, in reality,
positioned to the right hand side of the respondent and parallel to the
direction of his motion. While the board might not have blocked the
respondent’s view of the pavement ahead, it blocked his view of pedestrians
approaching the pavement from the sheltered walkway.

The decision below

10 At the hearing below, the Prosecution urged the court to impose “a short
custodial sentence of least a two weeks’ [imprisonment]”[note: 3] on the
respondent. The Prosecution argued that a custodial sentence was warranted in
the light of the following aggravating factors:

(a) the respondent’s riding of his bicycle on the pavement was itself a breach
of r 28(1) of the Road Traffic Rules (Cap 276, R20, 1999 Rev Ed) (“the RTR”);

(b) the respondent’s riding of his bicycle at an “unsafe speed” so near the
bus stop was especially dangerous as the respondent’s view of approaching
pedestrians was obscured;

(c) the collision between the respondent’s bicycle and the victim caused her
to sustain “grievous hurt”, in the form of fractures; and

(d) although the respondent gave some of his particulars to the victim’s
husband after the collision, he did not assist the victim or wait for an
ambulance.

11 The District Judge (“DJ”) sentenced the respondent to eight weeks’
imprisonment. The DJ released her grounds of decision on 17 September 2015
(see _Public Prosecutor v Lim Choon Teck_ [2015] SGMC 30 (“the DJ’s GD”)). The
pertinent parts of the DJ’s GD are reproduced below:

15 I would have viewed it differently if the Accused had remained with the
victim and [her husband] until the police or ambulance arrived. This incident
occurred at night and the victim and her husband were elderly persons. I
believe it would have afforded them some measures [_sic_] of security and
comfort if the Accused had remained with them instead of speeding off. He
callously sped off to avoid the consequences of his rash act and abandoned the
elderly and vulnerable couple at night to cope with the aftermath of his rash
act. This showed his lack of remorse. It would appear that the Accused did not
extend any apologies or offers of compensation to the Victim, thereby
reinforcing my belief that he lacked remorse.

…

17 In my views [_sic_], this incident is akin to a “hit and run” road traffic
accident. Precedent cases show that the sentences for “hit and run” offences
under section 84(1) of the Road Traffic Act ranged from 2 weeks to 3 months’
imprisonment. Another consideration was that a bicycle, unlike a motor
vehicle, had no registration number which would enable the police to trace the
rider. I would envisage that in this case, time and efforts [_sic_] were
expended to trace and locate the Accused. And, unlike motor vehicles, there is
no insurance where a person injured by a cyclist could seek to recover
damages. It is extremely unlikely that the Victim in this case would be
compensated at all.

18 The sentencing norm for “rash acts” under section 336(a) of the Penal Code
ranged from 6 weeks to 10 weeks’ imprisonment. “Killer litter” cases are where
the offenders threw items from their high rise flats to the ground and they
were punished under section 336(a) of the Penal Code (Cap 224). … I felt that
the Accused who intentionally broke road traffic rules by cycling on and
through the pavement to the bus stop, in an unsafe manner and injuring the
elderly victim, cannot be treated more leniently.

19 In the ultimate [_sic_], I decided that there was a need for general and
specific deterrence for offences committed in similar environment and
situation. I felt that it should be a custodial term that would deter the
Accused and cyclists from cycling on pavements and pedestrians’ pathways in
such manner as to endanger the safety of other persons on the pavements. As
stated in preceding paragraphs, the chances of a cyclist ‘escaping’
apprehension is much higher than a driver of a motor vehicle while the chances
of an injured getting compensation from a cyclist is negligible. Cyclists know
the risks against them are very low. It can be said that generally they suffer
no consequences when they cycle on pavements in unsafe manner. Hence, I felt
that the punishment ought to be more severe to deter cyclists from such
irresponsible conduct, especially when they had injured innocent rightful
users of the pavement or pathway.

Prosecution’s submissions on appeal

12 The Prosecution submitted that the eight weeks’ imprisonment, which was
about one-third of the maximum sentence for an offence under s 336(_a_) of the
Penal Code, was manifestly excessive given the respondent’s culpability and
the fact that he pleaded guilty to the reduced charge at the first reasonable
opportunity. The Prosecution submitted that the respondent’s sentence should
be “reduced to a term of between [two] to [four] weeks’ imprisonment.”[note:
4] In this regard, the Prosecution submitted that the DJ erred, _inter alia_ ,
in meting out a sentence of eight weeks’ imprisonment by:

(a) relying on specific deterrence as a sentencing consideration;

(b) comparing the respondent’s offence to “killer litter” and “hit-and-run”
cases;

(c) placing excessive weight on the respondent’s lack of remorse; and

(d) relying on entirely irrelevant considerations.

My Decision

The legal principles relevant to sentencing an offender for “rash cycling”

13 The starting point of this analysis is to appreciate that an offence under
s 336(_a_) of the Penal Code may attract a fine which may extend to $2,500, a
custodial sentence which may extend to six months, or both.

14 The plain wording of s 336(_a_) of the Penal Code, like other offences in
the Penal Code, does not state explicitly the threshold that has to be crossed
for the imposition of a custodial sentence (“the custodial threshold”). Given
the insignificant number of prosecutions under s 336(_a_) of the Penal Code
(other than for “killer litter” cases), it is difficult to obtain guidance or
deduce from precedent cases the relevant significant considerations that will
determine when the custodial threshold is crossed for an offence under s
336(_a_) of the Penal Code.

15 Given the high incidence of cyclists riding their bicycles on pavements
meant for pedestrians, there is an overwhelming need for general deterrence in
cases of “rash cycling” on pavements that endangers human life or the personal
safety of others (and the consequent need for a deterrent sentence to be
imposed). The general deterrence signalled in this case may to some extent
also be applicable to those who use roller blades, small scooters, skate
boards and other personal mobility devices to travel at _high speeds_ on
pavements in rash disregard of the presence of pedestrians. This is all the
more so, when they (including cyclists) are using mechanically powered
versions, which enable them to travel at even higher speeds.[note: 5]
Increasingly, we are seeing more of these personal mobility devices being used
on pedestrian pavements. This is causing much public concern.

16 Having regard to the need to educate and deter potential offenders and
prevent such rash cycling offences from becoming prevalent, and in order to
enhance pedestrian safety on pavements, I am of the view that a fine that is
close to the upper limit of $2,500 or a short custodial sentence (under one
week) would be an appropriate starting point for an offence under s 336(_a_)
of the Penal Code where a cyclist on a non-motorised bicycle is convicted for
“rash cycling”, _ie_ , where the cyclist is involved in rash riding that
endangers the life or personal safety of a pedestrian. This sentence will then
be calibrated upwards to take into account the specific limb of s 336(_a_)
under which the accused is charged and convicted on, the type of bicycle, the
degree of rashness and the extent of personal injury caused if any. Before I
elaborate, I must stress that this starting point may well be calibrated
upwards if it is demonstrated to have no deterrent effect. As this appears to
be the first case of this nature, it may well be inappropriate to start off by
immediately setting a very heavy deterrent sentence of long imprisonment as a
benchmark and make an example of the respondent in the process. It would be
prudent to take measured steps and watch how it pans out.

A custodial sentence is generally warranted in cases involving “rash cycling”
on pavements

17 The situations where the sentencing principle of general deterrence are
engaged have been identified by the High Court in _Public Prosecutor v Law Aik
Meng_ [2007] 2 SLR(R) 814 (“ _PP v Law Aik Meng_ ”) (at [24]-[25]). A summary
of these circumstances are as follows:

(a) Offences against or relating to public institutions, such as the courts,
the police and the civil service;

(b) Offences against vulnerable victims;

(c) Offences involving professional or corporate integrity or abuse of
authority;

(d) Offences affecting public safety, public health, public services, public
or widely used facilities or public security;

(e) Offences affecting the delivery of financial services and/or the integrity
of the economic infrastructure;

(f) Offences involving community and/or race relations;

(g) Offences that are prevalent;

(h) Group/syndicate offences;

(i) Offences that lead to public disquiet;

(j) Offences that are difficult to detect and/or apprehend; and

(k) Offences affecting several victims.

18 As noted in _PP v Law Aik Meng_ (at [26]), the above circumstances are not
collectively exhaustive. Neither can they be said to operate in a mutually
exclusive manner both _inter se_ and in relation to an offence. Often, some of
the factors do overlap and a particular offence may engage a number of the
above factors.

19 A case where a cyclist rides his bicycle in a rash manner on a pavement
thereby endangering the life or the personal safety of pedestrians engages the
following factors that demand that a deterrent sentence be imposed:

(a) the offence is prevalent;

(b) the offence affects public safety; and

(c) the offence is difficult to detect and/or the offender is difficult to
apprehend.

20 As noted in Parliament, the share of cyclists amongst commuters has doubled
from 1% to 2% between 2011 and 2013. What has also seen a correlational
increase is the number of summonses issued to errant cyclists who have been
cycling on pavements. The number of summonses issued to errant cyclists has
grown at a compound annual growth rate (“CAGR”) of about 21% for the period
from 2009 to 2013[note: 6] and 1,455 summonses were issued in 2013 alone. This
trend reveals that the number of cyclists taking to pavements has steadily
increased. The CAGR is probably more instructive than the actual number of
summonses issued because of the difficulty in enforcing the offence due to the
human resource intensity that widespread enforcement demands.

21 In addition, the Prosecution referred to an article in a local newspaper
and pointed out that an operation by the Traffic Police at a local
neighbourhood resulted in at least 100 cyclists being caught within an hour
for cycling along pavements. This evidence when viewed with the CAGR and
actual number of summonses issued demonstrates that (i) the offence of cycling
on the pavement has indeed become prevalent in Singapore; and (ii) many
offenders escape penal sanctions because their transgression of the law is not
detected.

22 Apart from the fact that cycling on pavements at unsafe speeds may
potentially endanger the life or the personal safety of pedestrians (amounting
to offence(s) under the Penal Code), I note that it is also in breach of the
following Rules:

(a) rule 28(1) of the RTR; and

(b) rule 29 of the Highway Code (Cap 276, R 11, 1990 Rev Ed).

23 Additionally, cycling on pavements may also breach the by-laws enacted by
the relevant Town Council. In the present case, s 10(_b_) of the Town Council
of Ang Mo Kio (Common Property and Open Spaces) By-laws 2011 was breached by
the respondent when he was cycling on the pavement.

24 I further note that the Parliamentary debates on 11 March 2015 highlighted
the need for “urgent attention” to make “pedestrian paths safer for all users”
in the face of cyclists taking to the pavements.[note: 7] The tenor of the
Parliamentary debate also urged deterrence and greater enforcement _vis-à-vis_
errant cyclists who ride on pavements unlawfully given both the prevalence of
the offence and the danger they pose to pedestrians. The threat to the safety
of pedestrians imposed by cyclists cycling on pavements is a real one because,
as highlighted by the Prosecution, personal mobility devices such as bicycles
can travel at a speed that is five times faster than the typical person
walking on a pavement. When travelling at such speeds, the cyclist may lose
control of the bicycle thereby causing danger to pedestrians. As pedestrians
often do not walk predictably in a straight line or at a constant speed along
a pavement, cyclists may not be able to avoid colliding into pedestrians who
move suddenly and unexpectedly by making a left, right or “U” turn or
pedestrians who suddenly stop moving. Unless a cyclist slows down very
considerably as he approaches pedestrians, it may be difficult to avoid a
collision especially when a number of pedestrians are present at the same time
walking along a narrow pavement in directions which are largely unpredictable.
Furthermore, pedestrians may not look left and right before entering or
crossing a pavement as they normally do when they step on to or cross a road.
Pedestrians may step on to a pavement from a blind spot without watching out
for on-coming cyclists who are not supposed to be cycling on pavements. These
factors significantly increase the risk of pedestrians being injured by
cyclists who are riding their bicycles unlawfully on pavements. At bus stop
shelters erected along pavements, bus commuters congregate to wait for buses.
When buses arrive, bus commuters will be busy alighting and disembarking from
the buses. It is therefore reckless for a cyclist to simply cycle through bus
stop shelters thinking and hoping that he will be able to avoid colliding into
bus commuters. Accordingly, general deterrence should feature strongly in
sentences meted out so as to reduce “rash cycling” on pavements.

25 Lastly, as rightly noted by the DJ at [17] of the DJ’s GD, the chances of
apprehending a cyclist are lower than that of a motor vehicle as “ _a bicycle,
unlike a motor vehicle, [has] no registration number which would enable the
police to trace the rider_ ”. This is another factor that points towards
imposing a deterrent sentence so as to reduce future incidences of “rash
cycling”.

26 Therefore, as evinced by the above analysis, the factors that call for a
deterrent sentence in relation to “rash cycling” on a pavement that endangers
the life or the personal safety of a pedestrian are overwhelming. A deterrent
sentence may take the form of a custodial sentence or “a fine if it is high
enough to have a deterrent effect” (see _Public Prosecutor v Cheong Hock Lai_
[2004] 3 SLR(R) 203 at [42]). I am of the view that the need for a deterrent
sentence in relation to “rash cycling” means that the custodial threshold for
s 336(_a_) of the Penal Code will be crossed in _many cases_ , where the
“clang of the prison gates” awaits such offenders. As such a cyclist will, as
a starting point, face a hefty fine that is close to the upper limit of $2,500
or a short custodial sentence (below one week) if he is convicted under s
336(_a_) of the Penal Code for riding so rashly as to endanger human life or
the personal safety of others. This is to ensure there is a sufficient degree
of deterrence even though the offence is the least severe in the Penal Code in
relation to a rash act. A fine that is close to the upper limit should
generally be reserved for cases where no injuries or only relatively minor
injuries are suffered by the victim and the offender pleads guilty at the
first reasonable opportunity. I pause to note that the victim in the present
case suffered fractures (which fall within the definition of “grievous hurt”
in s 320(_g_) of the Penal Code). I therefore agree with the Prosecution and
the DJ that the custodial threshold has been clearly crossed in the present
case.

The relevant factors in calibrating the length of the custodial sentence for
“rash cycling” on pavements

27 When one takes the short custodial sentence to be the starting point, the
court will have to place the individual offender within the sentencing
spectrum of s 336(_a_) of the Penal Code. In relation to custodial sentences,
the court may under s 336(_a_) of the Penal Code impose a short custodial
sentence of, for example, one week all the way to a maximum of six months’
imprisonment.

28 Three factors primarily determine where along the sentencing spectrum the
offender should be placed, _viz_ , the degree of rashness, the injury suffered
by the victim and whether the offender pleads guilty at the first reasonable
opportunity. Once again, I note that these factors are not exhaustive.

29 As noted at [8] above, the relevant limb of s 336(_a_) under which the
offender is charged and convicted on, _viz_ , whether he is charged and
convicted for doing a rash act under the (i) Endangering Life Limb; or (ii)
Personal Safety Limb, is a relevant consideration in sentencing. However, the
significance of this distinction is considered under the analysis of the first
factor cited at [28] above, _viz_ , the degree of rashness. At the end of the
day, the distinction between the Personal Safety Limb and the Endangering Life
Limb in the context of “rash cycling” will turn on, _inter alia_ , (a) the
type, size and weight of the personal mobility device used; (b) the actual
speed of travel at the material time; and (c) the pedestrian density on the
pavement at the time of the offence. Suffice to say for present purposes,
riding at an “unsafe speed” would normally endanger personal safety while
riding at a “dangerously high speed” would likely endanger human life.
Naturally, when an offender is charged under the Personal Safety Limb as
opposed to the Endangering Life Limb, it is an indication that his rashness
(although proven beyond reasonable doubt for the purposes of conviction) falls
at the lower end of the spectrum in relation to an offence under s 336(_a_) of
the Penal Code. Therefore, correspondingly, his sentence would (in the absence
of other aggravating factors) likely fall at the lower end of the sentencing
spectrum of s 336(_a_) of the Penal Code. I will return to this point when
discussing the degree of rashness in relation to the present factual matrix.

30 In relation to the degree of rashness, it is useful to set out the legal
definition of rashness. As stated by Sundaresh Menon CJ in _Public Prosecutor
v Hue An Li_ [2014] 4 SLR 661(“ _PP v Hue An Li_ ”) at [45], advertence to
risk will be the essential element of rashness. The element of rashness is
satisfied when the offender is actually advertent to the potential risks which
may arise from his conduct, but proceeds anyway despite such advertence. This
point is consistent with the following definition of rashness in the decision
of the Indian Supreme Court in _Balchandra Waman Pathe v The State of
Maharashtra_ (1967) 71 Bombay LR 684 (SC), which was accepted by the High
Court in _Public Prosecutor v Teo Poh Leng_ [1991] 2 SLR(R) 541 at [7] and
_Public Prosecutor v Poh Teck Huat_ [2003] 2 SLR(R) 299 at [17]:

… A culpable rashness is acting with the consciousness that the mischievous
and illegal consequences may follow, but with the hope that they will not, and
often with the belief that the actor has taken sufficient precaution to
prevent their happening. The imputability arises from acting despite the
consciousness. …

31 In the context of “rash cycling”, the degree of rashness is largely a
derivative of (a) the type, size and weight of the personal mobility device
used; (b) the actual speed of travel at the material time; and (c) the
pedestrian density on the pavement at the time of the offence, because these
factors go towards the degree of consciousness that an actor has in relation
to the fact that “mischievous and illegal consequences may follow” from his
actions. Generally, the bigger and heavier the personal mobility device, the
narrower the pavement, the higher the speed of travel, the lesser the
visibility along the pavement and the higher the pedestrian density at the
material time of the offence, the greater is the degree of rashness imputed to
the offender. The higher the degree of rashness, the longer will be the length
of the custodial sentence.

32 For example, when a rider is using a motorised bicycle on a pavement as
opposed to a regular bicycle, he can be said to display a higher degree of
rashness as the potential risks of endangering human life and safety are
magnified. Motorised bicycles are capable of a higher average speed which
results in a greater inability to take evasive action on a pavement and a
greater amount of physical impact on the victim in the case of a collision,
the latter of which is due both to the likely higher speed of collision and
the fact that the motorised bicycle is also heavier than a non-motorised
bicycle. Consequently, such a rider would have acted with a greater degree of
rashness because he would have been highly conscious of the fact that
extremely serious “mischievous and illegal consequences may follow” from his
actions.

33 The next factor that affects the length of the custodial sentence is the
extent of the injury or harm suffered by the victim. However, there remains a
question of whether the court is entitled to consider the full extent of the
injury suffered by the victim. As noted by Sundaresh Menon CJ in _PP v Hue An
Li_ at [68], this requires the court to select which of the following
principles gains ascendancy as regards the specific offence in question:

(a) no man should be held accountable for that which is beyond his control
(“the control principle”); and

(b) moral and legal assessments often depend on factors that are beyond the
actor’s control (“the outcome materiality principle”).

34 In this regard, it is apposite to reproduce in full the following
instructive observations in _PP v Hue An Li_ :

68 The question of whether a sentencing court can take into account the full
extent of the harm caused by a particular criminal act can be a difficult
philosophical issue. It is a cardinal principle of criminal law that the
punishment must be proportionate to the crime (see, _eg_ , _Mohamed Shouffee
bin Adam v PP_ [2014] 2 SLR 998 at [47] and _Muhammad Saiful bin Ismail v PP_
[2014] 2 SLR 1028 at [21]). Two irreconcilable fundamental principles underlie
the notion of proportionality. The first is the principle that no man should
be held accountable for that which is beyond his control (“the control
principle”); the second is the brute principle that moral and legal
assessments often depend on factors that are beyond the actor’s control (“the
outcome materiality principle”).

69 The control principle is but a restatement of the intuitive moral sense
that people should not be morally assessed for what is not their fault. Common
is the refrain that one cannot be blamed for being late for work because of an
unforeseen traffic jam. Specific illustrations of the control principle are
legion. Chapter IV of the Penal Code lists certain general exceptions which
act as complete defences – for instance, unsound mind (see s 84) and, in
certain circumstances, duress (see s 94). The common thread between these two
general exceptions is a lack of control on the part of the offender. Where an
offender acts in a particular way because of the unsoundness of his mind, the
law takes cognisance of the fact that he cannot help but be of unsound mind;
similarly, when he acts under duress, the law recognises that he is not acting
of his own free will. We absolve such offenders of criminal responsibility,
either wholly or partially, because they were not in control of their actions
at the material time.

70 This must be juxtaposed against the intuitive moral sense that outcomes do
matter. There are many examples of outcomes featuring significantly in
criminal law. For instance, the line between attempted murder and murder is a
fine one, and details like whether the victim was wearing a bullet-proof vest
at the material time or whether a bird flew into the path of the bullet can
result in dramatically different outcomes.

35 The court in _PP v Hue An Li_ ultimately decided (at [71]) that the outcome
materiality principle trumps the control principle in the context of criminal
negligence. In the present case, I am of the view that the outcome materiality
principle similarly trumps the control principle in the context of criminal
rashness.

36 Like criminal negligence (see _PP v Hue An Li_ at [71]), I note that the
provisions in the Penal Code that sanction against rash conduct have higher
prescribed maximum punishments as the gravity of the bodily harm inflicted
increases. The provisions of the Penal Code are therefore predicated on
outcome materiality. I set out the maximum custodial sentences for the
rashness limbs of ss 336, 337, 338 and 304 of the Penal Code in the table
below in support of this point:

Section |  Outcome/Injury |  Maximum custodial sentence  
---|---|---  
336(a) |  Endangering life or personal safety by a rash act |  Six months’ imprisonment  
337(a) |  Causing hurt by a rash act |  One year imprisonment   
338(a) |  Causing grievous hurt by a rash act |  Four years’ imprisonment  
304A(a) |  Causing death by a rash act |  Five years’ imprisonment   
  
  

37 It is therefore clear that the intention of Parliament is for the court to
take into account the full extent of the harm suffered by the victim (in
accordance with the outcome materiality principle) in exercising its
sentencing discretion in relation to criminal rashness.

38 Additionally, the outcome materiality principle gains ascendancy over the
control principle in criminal rashness because “there is no exact
correspondence between legal and moral assessment”. Lastly, the outcome
materiality principle should prevail over the control principle because a
putative offender for any of the offences noted in the table at [36] above
takes the benefit of fortuity where adverse consequences do not eventuate from
his rash conduct; such an offender should not be able to enjoy the upside
without the downside. Both these points have been elaborated on in _PP v Hue
An Li_ in the following manner and apply to criminal rashness with equal
force:

73 The second, and perhaps more fundamental, reason why we are of the view
that the outcome materiality principle should trump the control principle
where criminal negligence is concerned is that there is no exact
correspondence between legal and moral assessment. The law does take into
account considerations that go beyond moral assessment. It is well settled
that the four principles of deterrence, retribution, prevention and
rehabilitation underlie sentencing (see, _eg_ , _PP v Law Aik Meng_ [2007] 2
SLR(R) 814 at [17]). In particular, general deterrence, prevention and
rehabilitation do not quite equate with a moral assessment of the offender.
General deterrence has less to do with the moral condemnation of individual
offenders, and more to do with advancing the public interest of reducing crime
by deterring the general public from similarly offending. Prevention is
concerned with incapacitating offenders who pose a danger to society at large.
Rehabilitation, where it is a dominant consideration, is aimed at turning
offenders away from a life of crime by altering their values.

74 The third and last reason why we are of the view that the outcome
materiality principle should prevail over the control principle in the context
of criminal negligence is that a countervailing species of legal luck can
operate in favour of a putative offender. Take, for instance, two drivers who
briefly fall asleep while driving straight at the same speed along the same
stretch of road. One driver wakes up before any harm is caused. The other
driver collides into and kills a jaywalking pedestrian. It could be said that
as a matter of moral assessment, both drivers are equally culpable. However,
as a matter of practical fact, the former will not suffer any legal
repercussions because no detectable harm has occurred. Putative offenders take
the benefit of legal luck operating in their favour if adverse consequences do
not eventuate; it is only fair that an offender should not be heard to raise
the control principle as a shield when a harmful outcome does eventuate.

75 It follows that the thin skull rule cannot be ignored in the context of
criminal negligence. The outcome materiality principle trumps the control
principle, at least in the context of cases involving criminal negligence. How
moral luck should be resolved in other contexts is something that we leave to
be explored if and when that issue arises.

The sentence of eight weeks’ imprisonment is manifestly excessive

39 I would start by discussing the material points on which the DJ erred. I
would then review the relevant precedents and the factors noted at [28] above.

The DJ placed weight on irrelevant considerations

40 As noted at [12] above, the Prosecution submitted that the DJ erred, _inter
alia_ , in the following respects in meting out a sentence of eight weeks’
imprisonment to the respondent:

(a) relying on specific deterrence as a sentencing consideration;

(b) comparing the respondent’s offence to “killer litter” and “hit-and-run”
cases;

(c) placing excessive weight on the respondent’s lack of remorse; and

(d) relying on entirely irrelevant considerations.

41 There are, broadly speaking, two circumstances in which specific deterrence
becomes a relevant consideration in sentencing. The first circumstance is
where the offence is premeditated and the second is where the offender is a
persistent offender. This point has been made in _Public Prosecutor v Tan Fook
Sum_ [1999] 1 SLR(R) 1022 at [18] in the following manner:

**_Deterrence_**

There are two aspects to this: deterrence of the offender and deterrence of
likely offenders, corresponding to specific and general deterrence
respectively. _Specific deterrence will be appropriate where the offender is a
persistent offender or where the crime is premeditated_ , though its value in
the case of a recidivist offender may be questionable. General deterrence aims
at educating and deterring other like-minded members of the general public
(_Meeran bin Mydin v PP_ [1998] 1 SLR(R) 522 at [7]–[9]) by making an example
of the particular offender. The foremost significance of the role of
deterrence, both specific and general, in crime control in recent years, not
least because of the established correlation between the sentences imposed by
the courts and crime rates, need hardly be mentioned.

[emphasis added]

42 In relation to premeditation of an offence, the court in _PP v Hue An Li_
highlighted the following submissions of the _amicus curiae_ _(at [25]):_

The _amicus curiae_ observed that premeditation and malice were, by
definition, absent in s 304A cases, and therefore, considerations of
prevention and specific deterrence were “naturally of limited relevance” for
sentencing purposes in these cases. …

43 As noted at [36] above, s 304A of the Penal Code deals with situations
where death is caused by a rash or negligent act. The court in _PP v Hue An
Li_ did not disagree with the _amicus curiae_ or the District Judge who heard
the case below on this point. In my view, the submissions set out at [42]
represent a sound proposition of law. As the proposition there relates to s
304A of the Penal Code, which represents the most serious of offences relating
to criminal rashness and criminal negligence, it _a fortiori_ applies to all
offences that sanction against rashness and negligence. I make some brief
comments.

44 The idea that premeditation should operate as an aggravating factor that
calls for an increased sentence finds its roots in the writings of Plato, who
noted in _The Dialogues_ (Laws, Book IX at 867):[note: 8]

… And we should make the penalties heavier for those who commit homicide with
angry premeditation, and lighter for those who do not premeditate, but smite
upon the instant. …

45 The point made by Plato on premeditation in the context of homicide has for
long applied in our law as an aggravating factor across various crimes where
the _mens rea_ requires a finding of intention. As noted by Sundaresh Menon CJ
in _Mehra Radhika v Public Prosecutor_ [2015] 1 SLR 96 (“ _Mehra Radhika_ ”)
at [41]:

The law generally imposes a more severe punishment on an offender who has
planned the commission of the offence with great deliberation than one who has
committed the offence on a spur of the moment because the former is deemed to
possess a greater commitment to the criminal enterprise than the latter. As
Prof Andrew Ashworth explains in _Sentencing and Criminal Justice_ at p 164:

A person who plans a crime is generally more culpable, because the offence is
premeditated and the offender is therefore more fully confirmed in his
criminal motivation than someone who acts on impulse, since he is more
considered in his lawbreaking …

46 I note that _Mehra Radhika_ also goes on to highlight the distinction
between premeditation and planning at [42]-[43]. However, it is sufficient to
note for present purposes that the obverse of a premeditated offence is an
offence that “happens on the spur of the moment” (_Mehra Radhika_ at [43]). In
cases of criminal negligence and rashness, the _actual offence_ occurs at the
spur of moment and there is no finding of intention; thus, considerations
relating to premeditation or planning are not legally relevant to these
offences.

47 The second situation that calls for specific deterrence, which was
highlighted in _Angliss Singapore Pte Ltd v Public Prosecutor_ [2006] 4 SLR(R)
653 at [27], is where the offender displays a propensity to reoffend. In the
DJ’s GD at [19], it is clear that the DJ relied, _inter alia_ , on specific
deterrence in imposing the eight weeks’ imprisonment term on the respondent.
The DJ did not explicitly state that the respondent, being a cyclist, was
likely to repeat his offence and therefore called for specific deterrence. But
if that was what the DJ had in mind, then I would agree with the DPP that she
would have been wrong to do so as there were no factors in the present case
that called for specific deterrence in relation to the respondent’s propensity
to reoffend: the respondent had no relevant antecedents and had an otherwise
clean cycling record.

48 I agree with the DPP that the analogy of the present case with “killer
litter” cases as seen from the DJ’s GD at [18] is not correct. The policy
underlying sentencing in “killer litter” cases is that the majority of the
population in Singapore live in high-rise apartments/flats and the problem of
killer litter being thrown out of flat windows must be severely curtailed
quickly before the problem becomes unmanageable. Hence, a much stronger signal
of abhorrence against such unacceptable anti-social behaviour must be sent by
imposing a very stiff custodial sentence. This policy is not engaged in the
present case. The analogy does not quite hold as cyclists do not form the
majority of the population of Singapore to begin with. Further, “rash cycling”
on pavements is very different from “killer litter” in many respects,
including its environmental, social and safety impact on society as a whole.
“Rash cycling” also does not evoke the same degree of public condemnation as
that against “killer litter”. Therefore, it is wrong to apply the sentencing
precedents in “killer litter” cases to the present case. Nevertheless, I pause
to note that the strong element of general deterrence that underpins “killer
litter” offences has also resulted in a custodial sentence as the norm for a
successful conviction under the “rash” limb of s 336 of the Penal Code (see
_Ng So Kuen Connie v Public Prosecutor_ [2003] 3 SLR(R) 178). This appears to
be similar to the analysis at [16] above where I pointed out that the need for
general deterrence in cases of “rash cycling” would result in a very large
fine or short custodial sentence as the starting point. However, the fact that
offences relating to “killer litter” and “rash cycling” both have a strong
policy rationale that call for deterrent sentences does not mean that a court
can indiscriminately apply the precedents developed in one sphere to the
other. The fact remains that the underlying factors that demand a deterrent
sentence in each case are different.

49 In the same vein, the analogy of the present case with that of a “hit-and-
run” offence is also not correct for two reasons. The relevant provision for
“hit-and-run” cases, _viz_ , s 84(1) of the Road Traffic Act (Cap 276, 2004
Rev Ed) (“the RTA”), reads as follows:

**Duty to stop in case of accident**

84.—(1) Where an accident occurs owing to the presence of a motor vehicle on a
road and the accident results in damage or injury to any person, vehicle,
structure or animal, the driver of the motor vehicle must stop the motor
vehicle and the driver must do such of the following as may be applicable:

(a) the driver if requested to do so by any person at the scene of the
accident having reasonable grounds for so requesting the driver’s particulars,
provide the driver’s particulars to that person;

(b) if no person referred to in paragraph (a) is present at the scene of the
accident, the driver must take reasonable steps to inform the owner (if any)
of the damaged vehicle or structure, or injured animal, of the damage or
injury caused to the vehicle, structure or animal (as the case may be), and
provide that owner with the driver’s particulars.

50 I agree with the DPP that the DJ should not have raised s 84(1) of the RTA
as it does not apply to the respondent: the respondent was not a “driver of a
motor vehicle” and the collision with the victim did not “occur owing to the
presence of a motor vehicle on a road”. Even if I were to accept that the DJ
was entitled to draw some kind of analogy to the archetypal “hit-and-run”
scenario by reason of her finding of fact that the respondent rode off on his
bicycle after the collision “before [the victim’s husband] could take down
[his] details” (see the DJ’s GD at [8]), I am of the view that the DJ erred in
this finding of fact as the SOF reveals that the respondent stopped his
bicycle after the collision and allowed the victim’s husband to take down
_some_ of the particulars on his identification card before taking back his
identity card and riding off.

51 As the DJ wrongly concluded that the respondent rode off after the
collision “before [the victim’s husband] could take down [his] details”, she
consequently also fell into error by inferring that much time and effort was
expended in locating the respondent (see the DJ’s GD at [17]). As noted at [4]
above, the DPP informed the Court that the Police had located the respondent
based on the particulars that were recorded by the victim’s husband.

52 While the DJ placed weight on the respondent’s lack of remorse, which she
inferred from the fact that he rode off after the collision (which is not
entirely correct), I agree with the DPP that she erred in not according any
weight to the fact that the respondent pleaded guilty at the first reasonable
opportunity. A timeously-effected plea of guilt may merit a sentencing
discount of between a quarter to a third of what would otherwise be an
appropriate sentence although this is by no means an entitlement nor a hard
and fast rule (see _Tan Kay Beng v Public Prosecutor_ [2006] 4 SLR(R) 10 at
[36]–[37]).

53 The DJ also placed weight on two irrelevant considerations (see the DJ’s GD
at [17] and [19]):

(a) there being no compulsory third-party insurance coverage framework for
cyclists; and

(b) the chances of an injured pedestrian getting compensation from the cyclist
involved.

54 I start by noting that both the above points focus on compensation as
opposed to penal sanction. The court has to be mindful of the fact that it is
sentencing an offender in the exercise of its criminal jurisdiction. The above
considerations on insurance and the chances of getting compensation are
factors which are (at best) relevant in a civil suit and not in the present
appeal.

55 Whether or not there should be a compulsory third-party insurance coverage
framework for cyclists is a matter of policy that is entirely within the
purview of Parliament. I note that Parliament has not implemented any such
framework for cyclists. As such, I do not think that it would be appropriate
to hold it against the respondent, as an aggravating factor in sentencing,
that he did not purchase any third-party insurance that could have provided
civil compensation to the victim in this case.

56 It is also objectionable to consider the non-payment of any financial
compensation to the victim for the injury caused as an _aggravating_ factor
that will increase the sentence in a case where the offence does not involve
financial enrichment, as the law may end up meting out harsher sentences to
financially impecunious offenders. I accept that the lack of restitution is a
relevant sentencing consideration (normally acting as an aggravating factor
and especially when the perpetrator has ample means to make restitution),
_inter alia_ , when the offence results in the enrichment of the perpetrator
(see for example _Goldring, Timothy Nicholas v Public Prosecutor and other
appeals_ [2015] SGHC 158 at [102]). In such a case, because the lack of
restitution pertains to retaining the spoils of crime, it does not impinge on
the underlying financial condition of the perpetrator. However, where there is
compensation made to the victim in other types of crimes which do not involve
financial enrichment, it would be open to the court to consider it as a
_mitigating_ factor or as evidence of genuine remorse.

57 I also note that the victim in this case would still be able to pursue
civil remedies in tort if she wishes to seek any form of compensation from the
respondent for her medical expenses, pain and suffering (if factually and
legally sustainable) and any other losses. However, she would need to commence
a civil suit if she is looking to seek substantial damages from the
respondent. Therefore, this criminal prosecution between the State and the
respondent in no sense requires the court to prejudge the outcome of any civil
suit between the victim and the respondent or take heed of the lack of a civil
suit to increase the sentence. As such, it is clear that the DJ fell into
error by not appreciating the difference between a criminal prosecution by the
Public Prosecutor in the public interest and a civil claim that the victim may
bring personally.

58 I appreciate that s 359(1) of the Criminal Procedure Code (Cap 68, 2012 Rev
Ed) (“the CPC”) allows the court to make an order for payment of compensation.
However, I must point out that even in such a situation, _the compensation
does not form part of the punishment imposed on the offender_ : see the
decision of the Court of Criminal Appeal in _Public Prosecutor v Lee Meow Sim
Jenny_ [1993] 3 SLR(R) 369 at [28], the decision of the Court of Appeal in
_ADF v Public Prosecutor and another appeal_ [2010] 1 SLR 874 at [157]; and
the decision of the High Court in _Soh Meiyun v Public Prosecutor_ [2014] 3
SLR 299 at [56]. I make this point to highlight once again that the notion of
civil compensation does not form part of the punishment nor can the likelihood
of obtaining civil compensation be considered as a relevant factor in
sentencing. The powers of the court under s 359(1) of the CPC are meant to
merely effect a shortcut for a certain class of victims (primarily impecunious
victims) to obtain a civil remedy from those offenders who clearly have the
means to pay the compensation as it may be impractical to expect these victims
to commence a civil suit: see _Public Prosecutor v AOB_ [2011] 2 SLR 793 at
[23]-[24].

A sentence of three weeks’ imprisonment is appropriate in the present case

59 It bears repeating that the court has to ensure that the sentence imposed
is proportionate in relation to the culpability of the offender. In this
regard, I refer to _Goik Soon Guan v Public Prosecutor_ [2015] 2 SLR 655 where
Chao Hick Tin JA expressed as follows (at [22]):

It is also important to bear in mind that the sentence imposed must, at the
end of the day, be fair to the accused, bearing in mind all the relevant
mitigating factors. The principle of proportionality “acts as a counterbalance
to the principles of deterrence, retribution and prevention”, in that “the
sentence must be commensurate with the gravity of the offence, … the sentence
must fit the crime, and … the court should not lose sight of the ‘proportion
which must be maintained between the offence and the penalty and the
extenuating circumstances which might exist’” (see, respectively, _Muhammad
Saiful bin Ismail v PP_ [2014] 2 SLR 1028 at [21] and _PP v Saiful Rizam bin
Assim_ [2014] 2 SLR 495 at [29]).

60 After it has been determined that the custodial threshold is crossed, the
starting point for “rash cycling” on a pavement prosecuted under s 336(_a_) of
the Penal Code (except for exceptional cases) is a short custodial sentence.
Nevertheless, the sentence that is ultimately imposed has to be calibrated to
take into account the factors noted at [28] above including any relevant
mitigating factors and relevant sentencing precedents.

61 In terms of the degree of rashness, the respondent had admitted to cycling
at an “unsafe speed”. He was also cycling on a pavement towards a bus stop
where it could be expected that there would be a greater movement of
pedestrians. However, I took into account the fact that his view of the victim
and her husband approaching the pavement was blocked at the material time by a
board at the bus stop. There was also no mention of any other persons present
at the bus stop at that time in the SOF. As such, it appeared to him that the
path ahead through the bus stop, was clear of pedestrians or bus commuters
when he took the risk to cycle through the bus stop at an “unsafe speed” which
resulted in him knocking down the victim who stepped on to the pavement at the
bus stop from behind his blind spot. Had it been the case that he continued
cycling at an “unsafe speed” when he could already see the victim approaching
the pavement or other pedestrians or bus commuters present at the bus stop
ahead of him, I would have increased the length of his custodial sentence
significantly as his degree of rashness in cycling at that “unsafe speed”
under those circumstances would be that much greater.

62 I also considered the fact that in the present case, the respondent was
riding a non-motorised bicycle. Had he been on a motorised bicycle, I would
also have likely held that his sentence should be substantially higher than
the three weeks’ sentence I imposed on him. This is because an individual who
uses a motorised bicycle on a pavement is likely to travel at a higher average
speed and display a higher degree of advertence to the greater danger he may
cause to pedestrians.

63 The point made at [61]–[62] above resonates with my earlier point at [29]
above on the distinction between the Endangering Life Limb and the Personal
Safety Limb. In this regard, the respondent in the present case was charged
under the Personal Safety Limb, which generally attracts a lower sentence.
Indeed, while the respondent in this case acted rashly, the circumstances of
the case – also taking into account the fact that the Prosecution chose to
charge him under the Personal Safety Limb – suggest that his rashness is of a
lower order within the scheme of s 336(_a_) of the Penal Code.

64 While the victim suffered some fractures in the present case, this serious
aggravating factor must be calibrated against the fact that the Prosecution
has chosen to prosecute the respondent under the least serious offence amongst
the offences that sanction against criminal rashness in the Penal Code (see
table at [36] above) and the less serious of the two limbs under the said
offence.

65 I also note that the DJ did not sufficiently consider the effect the
respondent’s early plea of guilt should have on the sentence. In the present
case, this would have in and of itself likely resulted in a reduction of the
respondent’s sentence by about one-third.

66 On the whole, if one were to look at the respondent’s degree of rashness
and the extent of the injury caused, and counterbalance it against the fact
that the Prosecution charged him for (i) the least serious of the possible
offences relating to criminal rashness in the Penal Code, which carries a
maximum imprisonment of only six months, and (ii) the less serious of the two
limbs within that offence, and the respondent’s early plea of guilt, it is
clear that the respondent’s sentence of eight weeks is manifestly excessive
and must be adjusted downwards.

67 The Court would also have to be mindful of the need for relative parity
with those convicted under s 304A(_a_) of the Penal Code, which carries a
maximum imprisonment term of five years. This is because s 336(_a_) of the
Penal Code represents the least serious offence for criminal rashness while,
as noted, s 304A(_a_) of the Penal Code represents the most serious offence
for criminal rashness. Obviously, the sentence imposed for a case under s
336(_a_) of the Penal Code should not exceed the sentence imposed for a case
under s 304A(_a_) of the Penal Code if the _degree of rashness displayed by
the offender_ in each case falls at the same point of their respective
sentencing spectrums and there are no other aggravating factors. Another way
of looking at the manner of calibration would be that if the Prosecution
charges an offender who has caused death by a rash act under a much reduced
charge under s 336(_a_) instead of s 304(A)(_a_) of the Penal Code, with all
the other facts and circumstances being identical in both cases, naturally the
sentence imposed upon conviction by the court would be significantly lower
than if the Prosecution had proceeded under a much more serious charge under s
304(A)(_a_) of the Penal Code. In this regard, the DPP referred me to the case
of _Public Prosecutor v Nandprasad Shiwsaakar_ [2014] SGDC 391 (“ _PP v
Nandprasad Shiwsaakar_ ”). In that case, the offender pleaded guilty while the
trial was proceeding to a charge under s 304A(_a_) of the Penal Code. He was
driving a car when he executed a right turn without giving way to the victim’s
motorcycle, which had the right of way. Though the offender was aware, at all
times, that there was no green turning arrow in his favour, and that his view
of oncoming vehicles was obscured, he made the right turn without ensuring
there were no oncoming vehicles. As a result, his car collided with the
victim’s motorcycle. The victim in that case sustained serious injuries due to
the collision and died in hospital a month later. The offender had a relevant
antecedent, _viz_ , he had been convicted in 2001 for drunk-driving. The
offender was sentenced to: (a) six weeks’ imprisonment; and (b) disqualified
from holding or obtaining all classes of driving licenses for eight years.

68 In that case the court noted that the benchmark for negligent driving cases
under s 304A(_b_) of the Penal Code as articulated in _PP v Hue An Li_ is a
custodial term of up to four weeks’ imprisonment which is to be adjusted by
reference to the presence of aggravating and/or mitigating factors. The court
in _PP v Nandprasad Shiwsaakar_ reasoned that since a rash offender was more
culpable than a negligent offender, a sentence for rash driving causing death
should be higher than the four weeks’ imprisonment imposed in _PP v Hue An
Li_. The court ultimately arrived at a sentence of six weeks’ imprisonment
taking into account all factors. It must be noted that the maximum term of
imprisonment prescribed for a rash offence causing death under s 304A(_a_) of
the Penal Code is five years.

69 This case is useful to the present analysis as the degree of rashness of
the offender within the spectrum of rashness in relation to an offence under s
304A(_a_) of the Penal Code would _probably_ match the respondent’s degree of
rashness within the spectrum of rashness in relation to s 336 of the Penal
Code – in both cases the offenders proceeded even though their views were
obscured. When compared with _PP v Nandprasad Shiwsaakar_ (where there were
other aggravating factors), the eight weeks’ imprisonment imposed on the
respondent is manifestly excessive and plainly lacks relative parity as can be
seen in the comparison table below:

_The respondent (eight weeks’ imprisonment)_ |  __PP v Nandprasad Shiwsaakar__ _(six weeks’ imprisonment)_  
---|---  
Fractures to her right upper arm and wrist |  Serious injuries causing death  
No relevant antecedents  |  Convicted in 2001 for drunk-driving  
Convicted of a less serious charge under s 336(a) of the Penal Code carrying a maximum term of imprisonment of six months |  Convicted of a much more serious charge under s 304A(a) of the Penal Code carrying a maximum term of imprisonment of five years  
Pleaded guilty at the first reasonable opportunity |  Pleaded guilty while the trial was underway already.  
  
  

70 I note for completeness that even in _Public Prosecutor v Palaniappan s/o
Palaniappan_ [2006] SGDC 284, where the accused displayed an _extremely high_
degree of rashness by proceeding straight into the junction when the traffic
light signal had clearly turned against him and caused the death of an
oncoming motorist, the accused’s sentence of six months’ imprisonment was
reduced to three months’ imprisonment (or about 13 weeks’ imprisonment) on
appeal.

71 Apart from relative parity, I am also of the view that the present case may
be classed together with another case prosecuted under s 336(_a_) of the Penal
Code. In _Public Prosecutor v Yap Wei Wun Raymond_ [2009] SGMC 12 (“ _PP v Yap
Wei Wun Raymond_ ”), the accused parked his car illegally and was seated in
the front seat. The victim in that case who was a security guard asked the
accused to move his car. While the accused initially complied with the
request, he moved his car to another area in the vicinity and continued to
park his car illegally. The victim-security guard, after another futile
attempt at asking the accused to move his car, proceeded to place a wheel
clamp in front of the accused’s car and was squatting on the ground. The
accused drove his car forward and the front wheel of the car was caught by the
wheel clamp. This caused part of the wheel clamp to break off and hit the
victim. The victim suffered some bruises on his right wrist and lower leg. The
accused was charged under s 336(_a_) of the Penal Code and sentenced to three
weeks’ imprisonment. The court in arriving at the appropriate sentence
considered (at [16]), _inter alia_ , the accused’s plea of guilt, lack of
antecedents, offer of compensation and relative youth. The accused in that
case was 33 years old. When comparing the present case with _PP v Yap Wei Wun
Raymond_ , it will be noted that while the injuries suffered by the victim in
the present case might arguably be more severe, the degree of rashness of the
respondent was lower than that of the accused person in _PP v Yap Wei Wun
Raymond_ , as the accused there was highly advertent to the fact that
mischievous or illegal consequences might almost certainly follow from him
damaging the wheel clamp by driving forward, _viz_ , it could cause injury to
the victim-security guard whom the accused knew was still squatting beside the
wheel clamp when he drove his car forward.

72 Having assessed the need for relative parity of a sentence imposed under s
336(_a_) of the Penal Code with sentences imposed under s 304A(_a_) of the
Penal Code and the three weeks’ imprisonment imposed in _PP v Yap Wei Wun
Raymond_ , I am of the view that the present case may be placed together with
_PP v Yap Wei Wun Raymond_ in the sentencing spectrum for s 336(_a_) of the
Penal Code.

73 For all the reasons stated above, I decided to allow the Prosecution’s
appeal and reduced the respondent’s sentence to three weeks’ imprisonment. In
my view, this is an appropriate sentence having regard to the nature and
entire circumstances of the offence including the aggravating and mitigating
factors, and the public interest that calls for general deterrence against
“rash cycling” on pavements.

The Attorney-General _qua_ Public Prosecutor

74 As noted at [1] above, this is the first time the Attorney-General _qua_
Public Prosecutor has appealed a sentence on the ground that it is manifestly
excessive.

75 Section 374(1) read with s 375(3) of the CPC allows the Public Prosecutor
to appeal against a sentence imposed on an accused and s 377(1) of the CPC
further provides, _inter alia_ , that a person who is dissatisfied with a
sentence of a trial court in a criminal case to which he is a party may appeal
it on the ground that the sentence imposed is manifestly excessive or
manifestly inadequate. Read cumulatively, it is clear that the Public
Prosecutor is able to appeal a sentence not only on the ground that it is
manifestly inadequate but also that it is manifestly excessive. In so doing,
the Public Prosecutor plays a crucial role in the fair and impartial
administration of criminal justice.

76 Pursuant to Article 35(8) of the Constitution of the Republic of Singapore,
the Attorney-General _qua_ Public Prosecutor “shall have power, exercisable at
his discretion, to institute, conduct or discontinue any proceedings for any
offence”. The Attorney-General _qua_ Public Prosecutor has a constitutional
duty to exercise this discretion in good faith and to advance the public
interest. This point was noted by the Court of Appeal in _Ramalingam
Ravinthran v Attorney-General_ [2012] 2 SLR 49 at [53] in the following
manner:

The Attorney-General is the custodian of the prosecutorial power. He uses it
to enforce the criminal law not for its own sake, but for the greater good of
society, _ie_ , to maintain law and order as well as to uphold the rule of
law. …

77 I note the following observations of Hilbery J in _R v Kenneth John Ball_
(1951) 35 Cr App R 164 at 165–166:

… The criminal law is publicly enforced, not only with the object of punishing
crime, but also in the hope of preventing it. A proper sentence, passed in
public, serves the public interest in two ways. It may deter others who might
be tempted to try crime as seeming to offer easy money on the supposition,
that if the offender is caught and brought to justice, the punishment will be
negligible. Such a sentence may also deter the particular criminal from
committing a crime again, or induce him to turn from a criminal to an honest
life. The public interest is indeed served, and best served, if the offender
is induced to turn from criminal ways to honest living. Our law does not,
therefore, fix the sentence for a particular crime, but fixes a maximum
sentence and leaves it to the Court to decide what is, within that maximum,
the appropriate sentence for each criminal in the particular circumstances of
each case. Not only in regard to each crime, but in regard to each criminal,
the Court has the right and the duty to decide whether to be lenient or
severe.

[emphasis added]

78 Indeed, the public interest in the realm of criminal law and the
administration of criminal justice would only be advanced if offenders are
appropriately punished, _ie_ , the sentences imposed on offenders are neither
manifestly excessive nor manifestly inadequate. While the court has the
ultimate power and responsibility of ensuring that an appropriate sentence is
meted out in each case, the court, apart from certain revisionary powers, can
only adjudicate an appeal that is brought before it.

79 In the present case, I note that the respondent did not have the benefit of
legal advice or counsel. In bringing this appeal, the Public Prosecutor, as
the guardian of the public interest, has advanced the public interest by
helping to ensure that offenders are appropriately punished and the correct
sentencing benchmarks are also set within the overall sentencing framework. As
such, I thank the Prosecution for their detailed submissions in the present
appeal which I have found to be of much assistance.

* * *

[note: 1]Statement of Facts (“SOF”), para 8.

[note: 2]SOF, para 9.

[note: 3]DJ’s GD at [12] and DJ’s sentencing minute sheet dated 7 September
2015.

[note: 4]Petition of Appeal dated 17 September 2015.

[note: 5]I note from the Parliamentary debates on 11 March 2015 that some
illegally modified motorised bicycles can travel up to 120 kilometres per
hour.

[note: 6]The number of summonses issued are as follows: 699(2009); about
800(2010); 1,238(2011); 1,290(2012); and 1,455(2013).

[note: 7]_Cycling in Singapore_ and _Safe Cycling_ , Singapore Parliamentary
Debates, Official Report(11 March 2015) vol 94.

[note: 8]Per Benjamin Jowett’s translation: _Dialogues: Translated Into
English with Analyses and Introductions_ (Clarendon Press, 1953).

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 14 Oct 2015 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

