Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  ATU and others _v_ ATY  
[2015] SGHC 184

Case Number| :| Suit No 779 of 2014  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 16 July 2015  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Lee Seiu Kin J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Khwaja Imran Hamid, Tham Lijing and Lau Yudon (Tan Rajah
& Cheah) for the plaintiffs.  
Parties| :|  ATU and others — ATY  
  
16 July 2015| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Lee Seiu Kin J:

Introduction

1 This is a defamation action arising out of the alleged sexual abuse of
children by staff in an international school in Jakarta, Indonesia. The matter
came before me for damages to be assessed after judgment in default of
appearance was entered against the defendant.

Facts

The parties to the dispute

2 ATU, the first plaintiff, is a private, non-profit international school that
serves, in the main, the expatriate community in Jakarta. The school has three
campuses: two for elementary students, and another for junior high and high
school students in Cilandak. ATV, the second plaintiff, is the principal of
one of the campuses for elementary students (“the Campus”). ATW, the third
plaintiff, was a school administrator while ATX, the fourth plaintiff, was a
teacher’s aide.

3 The defendant is the mother of B, who was a student of the Campus.

The background to the dispute

4 As the defendant did not participate in the suit, the facts set out below
are all obtained from the affidavits of the plaintiffs. They disclose as
follows.

5 Sometime in March 2014, the parents of C complained that their son was
assaulted by people in blue uniforms. On 24 March 2014, C’s parents lodged a
police report. On 3 April 2014, the police arrested three cleaners employed by
a cleaning company engaged by ATU.

6 On 14 April 2014, C’s mother called for a press conference at which she
alleged that C had been sexually assaulted by cleaners working at ATU. The
press conference appeared on television and other media. At the same time, C’s
mother also called for a parents’ meeting to be held on 15 April 2014. At that
meeting, the defendant claimed that B, was the victim of an attempted assault
but had managed to get away in time. After the defendant’s allegation at the
parents’ meeting of 15 April 2014, ATU engaged (on 16 April 2014) an expert in
the area of clinical social work and child counselling, to interview B to find
out what happened.

7 On 25 April 2014, the defendant and her husband met with representatives of
ATU as well as a representative from the Spanish embassy. At that meeting, the
defendant and her husband repeated their allegation that B was the victim of
an attempted assault and further alleged that B had witnessed C being abused.
They claimed that the attackers were the fourth plaintiff and a security
guard.

8 Around this time, the defendant told at least one of her friends that B had
not been sexually assaulted. In a statutory declaration made pursuant to the
Oaths and Declarations Act (Cap 211, 2001 Rev Ed), the defendant’s friend
(“D”) stated:

Sometime in late April, whilst [the defendant] and I were sitting and talking
at the cafeteria at [the Campus] and we were discussing [B], [the defendant]
said very clearly that her son [B] had not been sexually assaulted.

9 In an email dated 29 April 2014, B’s father wrote:

We will like to share with you that we had to perform another deep
“interrogation” session with our son today (we know this may not be the best
manner, but we had to know!) about what happened. He did not add any new
details, and he confirmed that he was physically assaulted 3 times and that he
saw his best friend being raped by the cleaning staff, but he ran away in the
four occasions. **_He sticks to his initial positioning that he always escaped
and that no sexual assault ever happened to him_** …

[emphasis in original]

10 The above statements were corroborated by the results of a physical
examination conducted on B at KK Women’s and Children’s Hospital. There was no
sign of any trauma to B’s anus – no fissures or evidence of healed fissures.
The clinical notes concluded that either there was a previous injury that had
healed or there was no significant injury to begin with.

11 After the physical examination at KK Women’s and Children’s Hospital, the
defendant sent a text message to an ATU parent saying that everything was
okay. The translation of the message is set out below:

May 9.. Thank God everything is okay.

Not sure what happened in the school but the doctor didn’t find anything – not
even wounds or scars, not sure whether it’s because they are fully recovered
or as per his confession that he has never been sodomized. It is weird that
after the endoscopy he didn’t feel anything although the doctor said it should
be painful, either he is already immune or he endures it :(, but we’re more
than happy because at least we can close this chapter and start a new chapter
in Singapore^_^.

12 Later in May 2014, the defendant continued to maintain that B had never
been sexually assaulted. In her statutory declaration, D said:

I later heard reports about a second child being a victim of sexual abuse at
[the Campus]. [The defendant] told me that the child being referred to was
[B]. However, this contradicted what [the defendant] had said earlier to me
which was that [B] had not been sexually assaulted. [The defendant] explained
this inconsistency in a WhatsApp message to me saying that “the news
exaggerate[d] too much” and that she never said that her son had been raped.

13 Up to this point, it appeared that the defendant had taken the position
that B had not been sexually assaulted.

14 However the defendant’s story changed soon after. In a series of emails and
WhatsApp messages to various parents of students at ATU, the defendant claimed
that B was sexually assaulted.

15 On 28 May 2014, the defendant sent an email to three ATU parents (“the 28
May Email”) alleging, _inter alia_ , that B was raped more than 20 times and
that the recipient’s son was also a victim. These emails did not identify any
of the plaintiffs save that the purported abuse had taken place at ATU. The
emails were almost identical; only the addressees were changed. One of these
emails read:

Dear [E],

Sorry to disturb you this night, [B] just wake me up with his weird dream
again calling your son’s name.

Sorry that I didn’t reach you earlier as I should, it’s just I don’t want you
to get panic only because ‘the suspect’ recognise your son as one of their
victim too. But the truth, [B] is another victim of the sexual scandal at the
school-he’s been rape for over 20 times (recognising the perpetrator by
picture!!!) and last friday he was questioned/interviewed by the police and
yet again your son’s name also come as ‘one of another’ victim (he named
around 8 friends-5 of them from his class, one of the other three also already
confess to his parents that it had happened to him too).

When I asked him how do you know about the other children-he told me that some
of them share/talking the same topic during lunch, but in your son’s case he
said he saw him being attacked by ‘those bad guys’ and [F] also told [B] the
story too.

The police investigator came to our place with one class photo, in that photo
your son’s face was one of 5 faces that had been circled by pen a couple
times. The police asked me to get in touch with the parents of all those kids
(they ask the school already to help but refused). I didn’t want to alarm any
parents only because ‘the suspects’ recognise their children’s faces, but in
you son’s case there are to many coincidences supporting it. Please talk to
him about it and in case also check him medically to make sure about this. I’d
like to share one other detail to you, in [C], [B] and one more boy testimony
there are other persons implicated to this-not only the cleaner but also
security personal and ‘important’ person in that team. I **beg** you for more
discretion, since police and FBI (national police already ask FBI a help to
investigate the possible involvement of the others-even foreigner in this).

If you don’t know where to start the conversation with your kid, just tell him
about [B] testimony (lunchtime story sharing too). False he recognise
something, show him the year book (some of the perpetrator are in the last
year yearbook) and also all the [ATU] personal from [ATU]NET.

[B] recognise all the perpetrator from 2 sources+ police picture too.

I hope all this about your son was just a bad dream, but it’s better you now
all by now if that is true or not so he can get professional help and not
waiting until it was to late to get any help. After telling all the truth, [B]
is much reliever than before, and now with outside psychological treatment he
is recuperating pretty well and start to cope with this tragedy significantly.

I don’t hate [ATU] and I’m not agree if the government need to close the
school, **_but I want all the ‘perpetrator’ to be caught and bring to justice
and also to prevent of any further attack._**

If you need any more info please do not hesitate to email me (my phone doesn’t
work any longer).

[The defendant]

Sent from my iPhone

[emphasis in original]

16 On 5 June 2014, the defendant sent another email to the parents of six ATU
students alleging that her son, together with their children, were victims of
sexual assault (“the 5 June Email”). In the same email, the defendant also
claimed that the incidents of sexual assaults had been filmed and recorded.
The email included, _inter alia_ , photos of the third and fourth plaintiffs.
The text of the email reads:

These are the persons that hurting the children (so far 3 already confess and
make a police report). All of the cleaners-actual suspects- confessing and
circling

The picture of your children!! and the 3 victims (one of them is [B]) also
confessing that they know, saw and hear about your boys too.

I’m soo sorry to come to you this way but, the 3 boys confess after they saw
this pictures.

The main perpetrator are the two first person!!!! Yes difficult to believe but
they had been abusing our children badly and threatening all of them with I’m
going to kill your mum or dad or … If you tell them what happen here!!! Thats
why the children never speak out!! They are scared to death that their love
one will be hurt by those guys!!

This is not an easy step!!!! My husband almost kill me because of this story!!
He doesn’t want to heard anything about this at the beginning. Now he
regretted so much that he didn’t want to do the step in questioning my boy.

As you all know [B] confess that he had been attack physically, but once I
show all this picture, he started speaking all the real story. I started
asking names of other children, and as I said yours children are in their list
of victims too (either [B] saw it or even heard it from your own children on
lunch time talk).

They recorded all the act by phone or even video camera. Every time the first
guy do his job he always wear his skeleton t-shirt.

Do your self a big favour for the sake of your own children, show them this
pictures, if they recognise (watch their face reaction!!!!) and confess then
find some help asap. If they don’t recognise those picture (no changes in face
expression) than you are the lucky one.

The person in the middle

He suicide.

[The defendant]

Sent from my iPhone

17 On 6 June 2014, the defendant sent a WhatsApp message (“the 6 June
WhatsApp”) to the parent of a ATU student, alleging that the third and fourth
plaintiffs had brutally violated children. She further alleged that the second
plaintiff participated in the abuse by taking the children to places where
they were raped and filming the rapes. She also claimed that the school was
aware of the abuse but wanted to wash “their hands off this” by claiming that
the perpetrators had already been deported. The message which was originally
written in Spanish was forwarded to the Deputy Head of School of ATU. The
following translation was provided by the recipient of the message:

XXXX, Good Morning, how are you. I’m in jakarta again and now I’m on my way to
the police. I do not need to tell you what’s happened to us and I think you
know very well who I’m talking about I send this message as your friend, mom
of two children and victims also. [B], [D], [C] and probably a lot more
children-which of they can be your boys also have been violated brutally at
the hands of [ATW], [ATX], security and cleaning; it was more [ATX] [ATW]!!
Worse, [ATV] is fully involved in these, taking the children to places where
the children could be raped and then recording it with her camera! We know
that school knows this too and that is why they want to their hands off this
and clean the names by saying that hey are already deported! If this had
happened to your children, would you leave it alone?? You who are a Catholic
woman, would you hide all of these sins? Because knowing something and doing
nothing or even worse, covering it, is a sin. They have ‘killed’ the future of
our children, perhaps even creating other ‘beasts’ of them in the future! You
allow this?? If they do leave ATU, they will start again elsewhere and will
have more victim, just like [G].

[ATV] is sick! She has always told us that her sister was raped when she was
15 years in the hand of her driver! But what I know is that this was not her
sister but she was the victim! My maternal instinct tells me that, and it was
the same instinct that warned me about [B]. I believe in God Almighty! In the
end they will have their punishment but please don’t punish our children more
by protecting [ATU]. If they are really innocent then they don;t have to go so
fast. Protecting [ATU] now is not to your best interest, it is only going to
destroy you. And God sees everything, XXXX! Help us. May the virgin enlighten
you. Kisses…

18 On 6 June 2014, the defendant filed a police report alleging that the third
and fourth plaintiffs, among others, had participated in the sexual abuse of
B. She alleged that the third plaintiff had sexually abused B five times prior
to Christmas 2013. She also claimed that the fourth plaintiff had been
sexually assaulting B since August 2013. In her words, “[a]ll incidents
started with abuse by hitting the abdomen and the back part of the body”.

19 The defendant continued to repeat her allegations against the first, third
and fourth plaintiffs even after they commenced the present action on 23 July
2014. In a Jakarta Post article of 2 September 2014 (“the Jakarta Post
Article”), the defendant, together with the parents of two other students who
were allegedly sexually assaulted, were reported to be jointly accusing ATU of
“covering up systematic sexual abuse on its premises”. The relevant parts of
the article read:

The parents of the three kindergarten students who were allegedly sexually
assaulted at the [ATU] have accused the school of covering up systematic child
sexual abuse on its premises.

“We are grateful that two of the teachers have been arrested as suspects, but
there are so many facts that point toward the involvement of more staff. Have
you seen [ATU’] security? It would have been impossible for our sons to be
abused without anyone knowing about it,” DR, the mother of one of the victims,
told The Jakarta Post on Monday.

…

DR added that ATU staffers had also filed a lawsuit against her in Singapore
for defamation, “I don’t understand why they had to file the lawsuit in
Singapore: Is it to stop me from testifying [in ATW and ATX’s trial]? I am
asking this because if the lawsuit against me is successful, the Singaporean
authorities can confiscate my passport and I won’t be able to travel to
Indonesia to testify.”

20 An article by The Independent dated 7 November 2014 (“the Independent (UK)
Article”) further reproduced allegations made by the defendant to Australia’s
Fairfax Media. The salient parts of the article are reproduced below:

A few weeks after the first claim, a second family came forward. “They were
concerned their child had been physically, not sexually, abused,” the head of
school Tim Carr says.

The second mother later claimed her son was regularly raped during morning
breaks over a seven month period of time. “They were anal rapes, plus physical
abuse and hurting until he can’t scream any more, then raping him,” she told
Australia’s Fairfax Media. She believed he had been raped at least 20 times,
sometimes by six people in a row. She also said he was threatened with death
if he told anyone. Aside from the cleaners, she alleged teachers were also
involved in the abuse.

British-Canadian school coordinator [ATW] and Indonesian teacher-assistant
[ATX] had raped her son, as well as other children, she claimed. She believed
the primary school principal [ATV], an American, was also involved in the
abuse. Each of the allegations are vigorously denied by all three accused. …

21 At this juncture, I pause to take stock of the defendant’s allegations
which may be classified as follows:

(a) ATU attempted to cover-up the purported child abuse that allegedly
occurred on its premises.

(b) ATV actively participated in the sexual abuse of children by “taking
[them] to places where [they] could be raped and then recording it with her
camera”.

(c) ATW and ATX, who were all members of staff, sexually abused children under
their care.

The present action

22 The defendant did not enter appearance in the present suit and on 9
September 2014, the plaintiffs obtained a judgment in default of appearance.
Since the issue of liability has been settled, it leaves the determination of
an appropriate quantum of damages that should be awarded. In this regard, the
plaintiffs seek the following reliefs:

(a) ATU – S$50,000 in general damages, S$50,000 in aggravated damages and
US$2,985,400 in special damages.

(b) ATV – S$300,000 in general damages, S$300,000 in aggravated damages and
US$944,240.60 in special damages.

(c) ATW – S$300,000 in general damages, S$300,000 in aggravated damages and
US$515,020.85 in special damages.

(d) ATX – S$300,000 in general damages, S$300,000 in aggravated damages and
S$41,400 in special damages.

General damages

23 The first plaintiff accepts that, as a corporate claimant, it may not claim
significant damages for distress or a loss of reputation separate from
economic loss. Thus, it submits that a sum of S$50,000 would be appropriate.

24 According to the second to fourth plaintiffs, the defendant’s accusations
struck at the heart of their integrity and character. On this basis, they
contend that the quantum of damages ought to reflect the gravity of the libel.
They rely primarily on the English Court of Appeal decision of _Rantzen v
Mirror Group Newspapers (1986) Ltd_ [1994] 1 QB 670 (“ _Rantzen_ ”) in which
£110,000 was awarded to the plaintiff, a successful television presenter, to
compensate her for an allegation that she had helped to protect the identity
of a purported child abuser. However, the plaintiffs submit that the award
should be adjusted upwards because _Rantzen_ was decided in 1993 and the
allegations in that case had a lesser impact on the victim’s career and
reputation.

The applicable law

25 The functions of general damages were succinctly stated by the Court of
Appeal in _Arul Chandran v Chew Chin Aik Victor_ [2001] 1 SLR(R) 86 (“ _Arul
Chandran_ ”) at [53]:

General damages serve three functions. Firstly, they act as a consolation to
the plaintiff for the distress he suffered from the publication of the
statement. Secondly, they repair the harm to his reputation. Thirdly, they
serve to vindicate his reputation. …

26 The above passage merits some elaboration. In a defamation suit, the award
of damages seeks to repair the _injury to the victim’s reputation_. Such
damages have no “real connection with any pecuniary loss at all” (_per_ Lord
Greene in _Rook v Fairrie_ [1941] 1 KB 507 at 515 to 516). This distinction is
critical since the plaintiffs in the present case are also claiming pecuniary
losses that they have allegedly suffered as a consequence of the defamatory
statements. Such damages fall under the category of special damages which will
be discussed later in this judgment.

27 Closely connected to the above is the vindicatory purpose of an award of
damages. This purpose was explained by Lord Hoffmann in _The Gleaner Co Ltd
and another v Abrahams_ [2004] 1 AC 628 at [55]:

… the damages must be sufficient to demonstrate to the public that the
plaintiff’s reputation has been vindicated. Particularly if the defendant has
not apologised and withdrawn the defamatory allegations, the award must show
that they have been publicly proclaimed to have inflicted a serious injury.

28 Lastly, there is the element of _injury to feelings_ that is taken into
account when determining the size of the award. This entails a consideration
of the “natural injury to [the claimant’s] feelings—the natural grief and
distress which he may have felt at having been spoken of in defamatory terms”
(_per_ Pearson LJ in _McCarey v Associated Newspapers Ltd_ [1965] 2 QB 86 (at
104 to 105). Therefore a corporate entity may only recover damages appropriate
for vindication of its injured reputation; it may not recover for injury to
its feelings. As was stated by Lord Reid in _Rubber Improvement Ltd and
another v Daily Telegraph Ltd and another_ [1964] AC 234 at 262, “[a] company
cannot be injured in its feelings, it can only be injured in its pocket”.

29 In ascertaining the appropriate general damages to be awarded in a case of
defamation, the following factors should be considered:

(a) the nature and gravity of the defamatory statement itself;

(b) the conduct, position and standing of the plaintiff and the defendant; and

(c) the mode and extent of publication.

30 In _Lim Eng Hock Peter v Lin Jian Wei and another and another appeal_
[2010] 4 SLR 357 (“ _Peter Lim_ ”), the Court of Appeal also considered
relevant the “intended deterrent effect” of the award, especially where the
defendant “has not simply got its facts wrong but has behaved outrageously
from start to finish” (at [9]).

31 That said, there is no fixed formula governing the assessment of damages.
To ensure that such assessments proceed in a coherent and principled fashion,
sufficient regard must be paid to past awards in comparable cases, see _Lee
Hsien Loong v Singapore Democratic Party and others and another suit_ [2009] 1
SLR(R) 642 at [73] _per_ Belinda Ang J:

… This approach is especially useful in promoting a rationally sustainable and
coherent regime for damages for libel, and, as a corollary, in avoiding “the
grossly exorbitant awards so often made by juries in other jurisdictions”…

32 I now proceed to consider each factor in turn.

The nature and gravity of the defamation

33 In essence, the defendant has accused the plaintiffs of participating in
the sexual abuse of young, elementary school children over a period of time. I
agree with the plaintiffs’ submission that the defendant’s accusations were of
a particularly grave nature. Not only did these accusations suggest sexual
perversion on the part of the plaintiffs, they pointed to a systematic abuse
of the trust reposed in educational institutions and individuals responsible
for the learning and general well-being of the young children under their
charge.

The standing of the plaintiffs

34 The first plaintiff was relatively well known within the international
school community. I am also prepared to accept that the second and third
plaintiffs were experienced educators who have had illustrious careers in the
field. However, the evidence showed that the fourth plaintiff did not enjoy
the same standing as the second and third plaintiffs.

The mode and extent of publication

Emails and WhatsApp messages

35 The 28 May Email was circulated to the parents of three ATU students whilst
the 5 June Email was circulated to parents of six ATU students. One other
parent received the 6 June WhatsApp message. On 6 June 2014, the defendant
filed a police report against _inter alia_ the third and fourth defendants,
accusing them of sexually assaulting B.

Press reports

36 In the Jakarta Post Article, the defendant was reported to have accused the
school of covering up systematic child sexual abuse on its premises.
Subsequently, in the Independent (UK) Article, the defendant was also reported
to be repeating her allegations against the second to fourth plaintiffs (_ie_
that they each played a role in sexually abusing children).

37 There is no direct proof that the defendant had communicated her
allegations to the press. Nonetheless, in the absence of evidence to the
contrary, I find that the content of the web articles were _prima facie_
evidence that the defendant had done so.

38 The next question that arises is whether the defendant should be held
liable for the damage that resulted from repetitions by the press. It is
pertinent to note that the defendant is not automatically absolved of
responsibility simply because the defamatory statements were voluntarily
repeated by the Jakarta Post and the Independent. The publisher of a libel may
be liable for re-publication by others if he had intended it, or it was a
foreseeable consequence. In _Goh Chok Tong v Jeyaretnam Joshua Benjamin_
[1997] 3 SLR(R) 46, S Rajendran J stated:

129 The general rule … is simply that the original publisher is liable for his
publication and the republisher for his republication. Separate acts
constitute separate torts. However, applying the rules relating to remoteness
of damage to the original tort, it is conceivable that the original publisher
is liable for the republication where that republication was more likely than
not the consequence of the original publication.

130 If the defendant authorised or intended the republication, it would almost
certainly be the case that republication was a foreseeable consequence.
Similarly, if the defendant published it to a person under some sort of duty
to repeat it, the probability of repetition would be high. Where the defendant
acted innocently but recklessly, how probable repetition would have been is
still a question of degree to be answered on the facts of every case.

39 The same issue fell to be considered in _McManus and others v Beckham_
[2002] 1 WLR 2982. After an extensive review of the authorities, the English
Court of Appeal held (at [34]):

What the law is striving to achieve in this area is a just and reasonable
result by reference to the position of a reasonable person in the position of
the defendant. If a defendant is actually aware (1) that what she says or does
is likely to be reported, and (2) that if she slanders someone that slander is
likely to be repeated in whole or in part, there is no injustice in her being
held responsible for the damage that the slander causes via that publication.
I would suggest further that if a jury were to conclude that _a reasonable
person in the position of the defendant should have appreciated that there was
a significant risk that what she said would be repeated in whole or in part in
the press and that that would increase the damage caused by the slander_ , it
is not unjust that the defendant should be liable for it. …

40 Bingham LJ eloquently explained the rationale for this in _Slipper v
British Broadcasting Corporation_ [1991] 1 QB 283 at 300:

… the law would part company with the realities of life if it held that the
damage caused by publication of a libel began and ended with publication to
the original publishee. Defamatory statements are objectionable not least
because of their propensity to percolate through underground channels and
contaminate hidden springs.

41 In the present case, it is clear that the web articles conveyed the sting
of the defamatory statements made by the defendant. It would not be
unreasonable to infer from the defendant’s conduct that she had communicated
her statements to the press with the full appreciation, and indeed intention,
that what she said would be repeated in whole or in part. The defamatory
statements centred on allegations of sexual abuse that were made against
educators which the general public would have a great interest in knowing. The
press was almost bound to repeat the statements. Therefore, I find the
defendant liable for the damage that flowed from the repetition of her
statements by the Jakarta Post and the Independent.

_Relevant awards made in Singapore_

42 I tabulate below damages that have been awarded in comparable cases in
Singapore:

Case |  Facts |  Award  
---|---|---  
_A Balakrishnan and others v Nirumalan K Pillay and others_ [1999] 2 SLR(R) 462  |  There were a number of plaintiffs from the legal industry, computer industry or education industry. A defamatory article was released in a Tamil magazine, and an estimated 8,000 copies were sold. The article was found to impute insincerity of purpose and ulterior motive for personal gain on the part of the respondents in organising the Tamil Language Week (at [36]).  |  $30,000 to the first, third and fourth plaintiffs in view of their public status as advocates and solicitors $25,000 to the rest of the plaintiffs   
_Arul Chandran v Chew Chin Aik Victor_ [2001] 1 SLR(R) 86 |  The plaintiff was an advocate and solicitor of more than 30 years and then vice-president of the Tanglin Club. He was portrayed to be an extremely vicious and dangerous fraud and that he was incapable of discharging his duties as chairman of the Membership and Rules Sub-Committee of the club in a fair and honest manner.  These statements were published in three letters, the first and second to the president and committee of the club and the third to the president of the club.  |  $100,000 as general damages and $50,000 as aggravated damages.  
_Ei-Nets Ltd and another v Yeo Nai Meng_ [2004] 1 SLR(R) 153 (“ _Ei-Nets_ ”) |  The respondent was a director in charge of certain financial decisions of a company. After an audit of these decisions, three reports were released, accusing the plaintiff of fraud and dishonesty. These reports were distributed to a limited number of other directors and staff.  |  $80,000 to the plaintiff.  Although the plaintiff was not a minister or public leading figure, he was a businessman holding positions of responsibility in public and private organisations.  
_TJ System (S) Pte Ltd and others v Ngow Kheong Shen (No 2)_ [2003] SGHC 217 |  The defendant wrote to his fellow colleagues, 15 Cisco officers, suggesting that the plaintiff company was suspected of having bribed staff from the Police Technology Department to procure projects.  The plaintiff company and a number of its directors then sued the defendant for defamation.  |  Between $20,000 to $30,000 to the various plaintiffs.   
_Oei Hong Leong v Ban Song Long David and others_ [2005] 3 SLR(R) 608 |  The appellant was a prominent businessman. The first respondent ccused the plaintiff of being unreasonable and unfair in his opposition to resolutions that were proposed at the extraordinary general meeting.  |  Defences applied. However, the judge below opined that a sum of $60,000 might be fair compensation.  
_Peter Lim_ |  The defamatory statements suggested that the appellant had caused the company’s financial losses through mismanagement for his own benefit, as a result of which the company was unable to meet its liabilities. These statements were published in an Explanatory Statement by the company to its 17,000 members.  |  $140,000 as general damages and $70,000 as aggravated damages as the plaintiff was a prominent businessman and investor whose competence, integrity and business acumen had been called into question.  
_Koh Sin Chong Freddie v Chan Cheng Wah Bernard and others and another appeal_ [2013] 4 SLR 629 (“ _Freddie Koh_ 2013”) |  The appellant alleged that the respondents misrepresented facts made by the previous management committee to influence the ratification of the expenditure at the last annual general meeting.  These statements were reflected in the minutes of meetings which were posted on the notice board of the club.  |  $50,000 to each plaintiff (with $35,000 as general damages and $15,000 as aggravated damages)   
_Golden Season Pte Ltd and others v Kairos Singapore Holdings Pte Ltd and another_ [2015] 2 SLR 751 (“ _Golden Season_ ”) |  The defendants suggested in a Facebook post and in a chain of emails to various individuals in an non-governmental organisations that, the plaintiffs engaged in malpractices that caused donor monies to be used unwisely and suggested an incident of copyright infringement.  |  $15,000 in general damages to the first plaintiff $30,000 as general damages and $20,000 as aggravated damages to the third plaintiff  
  
  

43 From the table above, past awards range from $15,000 to $140,000 depending
on the severity of the allegations, the extent of publication and the standing
of the plaintiff in question. The table excludes awards in respect of public
leaders (both political and non-political leaders who serve in the State and
the public) to whom higher awards are generally awarded (see _Peter Lim_ at
[12]).

44 The awards in the table at the higher end of the spectrum were justified on
the basis that the plaintiffs were prominent businessmen. In _Peter Lim_ , the
plaintiff was a prominent businessman and investor who had built up a
formidable reputation in the stock broking industry and was frequently cited
by Forbes Asia as one of the richest men in Singapore and Asia (at [26]). The
libel had called into question his competence, integrity and business acumen.
Likewise, in _Ei-Nets_ , the plaintiff was a businessman holding positions of
responsibility in public and private organisations.

My decision

The first plaintiff

45 Bearing in mind the discussion above at [28], the first plaintiff may not
recover damages for injury to feelings. According to George Wei JC in _Golden
Season_ at [134], much will depend on whether the defamation has injured the
business goodwill of the company such that the business reputation of the
company can only be vindicated by a “really substantial award”.

46 In the present action, it is likely that the gravity and the extent of
circulation of the defamatory statements had a substantial impact on the
business reputation of the school. This was borne out in the evidence adduced
by the first plaintiff. Therefore, I consider it fair and appropriate to award
the first plaintiff S$30,000 in general damages.

The second to fourth plaintiffs

47 Although the sexual abuse allegations were undoubtedly serious attacks on
the plaintiffs’ character and integrity, such severity does not justify an
award of S$300,000 which belongs to the scale of awards to public leaders in
Singapore (see for example _Goh Chok Tong v Chee Soon Juan_ [2005] 1 SLR(R)
573). Furthermore, I note that none of the plaintiffs in the present suit
enjoy a reputation as formidable as that enjoyed by the plaintiffs in _Peter
Lim_ or _Ei-Nets_.

48 Counsel for the plaintiffs has referred me to the decision in _Rantzen_
where £110,000 was awarded by the jury for allegations of child sexual abuse.
However, I am mindful of the caution issued by the Court of Appeal in _Tang
Liang Hong v Lee Kuan Yew and another and other appeals_ [1997] 3 SLR(R) 576.
L P Thean JA, delivering the judgment of the Court of Appeal, said:

124 … First, in England, defamation actions are tried by a judge with a jury,
and assessment of damages is the exclusive preserve of the jury with the
benefit of direction from the trial judge. Until the decision in this case,
the trial judge in giving direction to the jury on the damages was precluded
from referring, among other things, to scales of damages in personal injury
cases or giving some guidance as to the appropriate brackets for the damages.
Nor was counsel permitted to submit to the jury the appropriate award to be
made. The absence of guidelines to the jury had sometimes led to awards being
made which were grossly excessive and divorced from reality. Such wildly
disproportionate awards had attracted serious and justified criticisms of the
procedure involved resulting in such awards. Juries were likened, in the words
of Sir Thomas Bingham MR, to “sheep loosed on an unfenced common, with no
shepherd”.

125 The position in Singapore is different. We do not have a jury system, and
like any other actions, defamation actions are heard by judges sitting alone
and damages are normally assessed by the judges themselves (in other cases,
such as personal injury cases damages are often assessed by [an] assistant
registrar) - with the result that a “coherent framework of awards” has emerged
from a body of cases developed over the years which enables the courts to
pitch their awards on an informed and coherent basis. This is an advantage
which the other jurisdictions, eg England, do not enjoy. …

49 I therefore find greater guidance in the awards given by our courts than
the English courts. Taking into account the awards that have been given in
those cases, the standing of the plaintiffs, the gravity of the libel, the
extent of the publication and other relevant factors, I consider it fair and
appropriate to award general damages of S$50,000 to the second and third
plaintiffs and S$40,000 to the fourth plaintiff.

Aggravated damages

50 The plaintiffs’ claims in aggravated damages were premised on the
following. _First_ , the plaintiffs submitted that the defendant acted with
malice because she either knew that the defamatory statements were false or
was reckless as to their truth. _Second_ , the plaintiffs contend that their
injury has been aggravated by the way the defendant had conducted these
proceedings. According to the plaintiffs, the defendant and her husband had
actively sought to evade service, and at the same time, giving the impression
that (a) they were in the dark about the action; and (b) the action was an
attempt by ATU to pervert the course of justice of proceedings in Indonesia.
_Third_ , the plaintiffs argued that the defendant’s failure to retract her
statements or apologise had similarly increased the plaintiffs’ injury.

The applicable law

51 It is well established that aggravated damages may be awarded where the
motive or the conduct of the defendant has increased the injury to the
plaintiff. The nature of such damages has been summarised by the following
passage in Gary Chan K Y, _The Law of Torts in Singapore_ (Academy Publishing,
2011) at paras 13.128 – 13.129:

Aggravated damages, which are compensatory in nature, may be awarded in
respect of the additional injury caused by the defendant’s conduct or bad
motives. As stated by Pearson J in _McCarey v Associated Newspapers Ltd (No
2)_ , the claim for aggravated damages is based on the behaviour and conduct
of the defendant which aggravates the hurt, pain or suffering of the
plaintiff. Where the defendant’s conduct causes injury to the plaintiff’s
feelings, aggravated damages may be awarded. This applies to natural persons
who have been defamed. Whether a company can recover aggravated damages has
not been judicially settled. It is submitted that as a corporation cannot be
injured in feelings, it should not, as a matter of logic, be entitled to any
aggravated damages in so far as they reflect additional injuries or hurt to
feelings.

52 In _Arul Chandran_ , the Court of Appeal endorsed the following passage
from _Gatley on Libel and Slander_ (Patrick Milmo & W V H Rogers eds) (Sweet &
Maxwell, 9th Ed, 1998) where some factors warranting the award of aggravated
damages are set out:

… The conduct of a defendant which may often be regarded as aggravating the
injury to the plaintiff's feelings so as to support a claim for ‘aggravated’
damages, includes a failure to make any or any sufficient apology and
withdrawal; a repetition of the libel; conduct calculated to deter the
plaintiff from proceeding; persistence, by way of a prolonged or hostile
cross-examination of the plaintiff ... a plea of justification which is bound
to fail; the general conduct either of the preliminaries or of the trial
itself in a manner calculated to attract wide publicity; and persecution of
the plaintiff by other means.

53 The presence of malice is another factor that goes towards aggravating the
damage caused, and hence increasing the size of the award (see _Halsbury’s
Laws of Singapore_ vol 18 (LexisNexis, 2012 Reissue) (“ _Halsbury_ ”) at para
240.201). As the Court of Appeal held in _Chan Cheng Wah Bernard and others v
Koh Sin Chong Freddie and another appeal_ [2012] 1 SLR 506 at [90]:

In _Lim Eng Hock Peter v Lin Jian Wei_ [2010] 4 SLR 331, this Court further
clarified that malice may be proven in two ways – (a) the defendant’s
knowledge of falsity, recklessness, or lack of belief in the defamatory
statement; and (b) where the defendant has a genuine or honest belief in the
truth of the defamatory statement, but his dominant motive is to injure the
defendant or some other improper motive. …

54 Lastly, the principle of proportionality applies to the award of aggravated
damages. Caution has to be exercised in the award of aggravated damages to
avoid double counting for the distress and humiliation caused to the plaintiff
(see _Freddie Koh_ 2013 at [75]).

The first plaintiff

55 An important question that arises from the preceding discussion is whether
the first plaintiff, as a corporate entity, is entitled to its claim for
aggravated damages. It has been noted by the Court of Appeal in _Basil Anthony
Herman v Premier Security Co-operative Ltd and others_ [2010] 3 SLR 110 that
the ability of a corporate plaintiff to recover aggravated damages for
defamation has not been authoritatively settled (at [65]).

56 In _Messenger Newspapers Group Ltd (plaintiffs) v National Graphical
Association (1982) (defendants)_ [1984] 1 All ER 293 (“ _Messenger Newspapers_
”), it was held that, although a company cannot suffer injury to feelings, it
could nonetheless be awarded aggravated damages. In _Golden Season_ , George
Wei JC was of the view that the decision in _Messenger Newspapers_ was
explicable on the basis that the court was really awarding exemplary damages
rather than aggravated damages:

136 I am not persuaded that a corporate entity can or should be awarded
aggravated damages. It is common understanding that aggravated damages are
awarded for injury to feelings and pride in circumstances where the
Defendant’s conduct has aggravated the injury. Aggravated damages in this
sense remain compensatory in nature, albeit in the nature of a more generous
compensatory award. Even though the conduct of the defendant (exceptional or
contumelious behaviour or motive) is an important consideration, the purpose
of aggravated damages remains compensation and not punishment. Punishment
falls within the domain of exemplary damages (see the English Law Commission’s
Report on _Aggravated, Exemplary and Restitutionary Damages_ (Law Com No 247,
1997)).

137 It is hard to see how, on this basis, aggravated damages are applicable to
a corporate entity. Whilst the English High Court in _Messenger Newspapers
Group Ltd v National Graphical Association_ [1984] 1 All ER 293 (“Messenger
Newspapers”) case awarded aggravated damages to a corporate plaintiff, the
court there was more concerned with the need to punish the defendant for his
deliberate wrong doing (see also _Gatley 2013_ at para 9.20). On this basis,
_Messenger Newspapers_ is really a decision on _exemplary_ damages rather than
_aggravated_ damages. Indeed, the court in _Messenger Newspapers_ made clear
that the award was not in respect of injury to feelings.

57 In any event, the decision in _Messenger Newspapers_ has not been followed
in a number of first instance cases, in particular, in _Collins Stewart Ltd v
The Financial Times Ltd_ [2006] EMLR 5 (“ _Collins Stewart_ ”) where it was
held (at 114, line 30):

It appears to me from those authorities that Mr Browne is right when he says
that the defining characteristic of an award of aggravated damages is that its
function is to provide a claimant with compensation (“ _solatium_ ”) for
injury to his or her feelings caused by some conduct on the part of the
defendant or for which the defendant is responsible. The concept of injury to
feelings runs through the cases, whether caused by the high-handed or
insulting behaviour of the defendant either before or after publication or by
repetition of the libel or by persistence in a plea of justification or by a
failure to apologise. It seems to me that the essence of an award of
aggravated damages in libel is not making good damage to the claimant's
reputation as such but rather compensating the claimant for the extra injury
to his or her feelings.

If that be the correct analysis of the proper function of aggravated damages,
it seems to me to follow that aggravated damages are in principle not
available to a corporate claimant. The reason is that, as Mr Spearman rightly
concedes, a company has no feelings to injure and cannot suffer distress: see
_Lewis v Daily Telegraph_ [1964] A.C. 234, per Lord Reid at 262.

58 The decision in _Collins Stewart_ has been affirmed by the Court of Final
Appeal (Hong Kong) in _(1) Oriental Daily Publisher Ltd; (2) MA Ching Kwan v
(1) Ming Pao Holdings Ltd; (2) Ming Pao Newspaper Ltd; and (3) Cheung Kin Bor_
[2013] EMLR 7. The court noted at the outset (at [112]) that the object of an
award of aggravated damages is to “compensate for additional injury caused to
the plaintiff’s feelings by the defendant’s conduct of the action, as when he
persists in an unfounded assertion that the publication was true, or refuses
to apologise, or cross-examines the plaintiff in a wounding or insulting way”.
Consequently, the court held:

124 … A company without a soul, whose reputation is merely a commercial asset,
is hardly likely to be regarded as having feelings capable of being injured,
whether borrowed from its officers or employees or otherwise.

125 It is accordingly my view that the law as stated by Gray J. in _Collins
Stewart Ltd v Financial Times Ltd_ represents the law applicable in Hong Kong.
I note that Deputy High Court Judge Peter Ng SC reached the same conclusion in
_Oriental Press Group Ltd v Inmediahk.net Ltd_. It follows that ODP, being a
company, was not entitled to claim aggravated damages and its appeal on that
issue must be dismissed.

59 More recently, the ghost of _Messenger Newspapers_ has been finally laid to
rest by the English Court of Appeal in _Eaton Mansions (Westminster) Ltd v
Stinger Compania de Inversion SA_ [2014] H.L.R. 4 where Patten LJ stated:

30 The decision in _Messenger_ on aggravated damages has not been followed by
other judges at first instance; most notably by Gray J in _Collins Stewart Ltd
v The Financial Times Ltd (No 2)_ [2006] EMLR 100 at paras 30–32 and by
Tugendhat J in _Hays plc v Hartley_ [2010] EWHC 1068 (QB) at para 24 and
_Metropolitan International Schools Ltd v Designtechnica Corporation_ [2010]
EWHC 2411 at para 14. We should, in my view, take the opportunity to hold that
it was wrongly decided. Aggravated damages are not recoverable by a limited
company for the reasons I have stated.

60 Thus, I consider it settled law that a corporate plaintiff may not recover
aggravated damages. It naturally follows that the first plaintiff is not
entitled to its claim for aggravated damages.

The second to fourth plaintiffs

61 I was of the view that an award of aggravated damages would be appropriate
to repair the increased injury caused by the defendant’s conduct. In the
absence of evidence to the contrary, it appears that the defendant had acted
maliciously by being reckless as to the truth of her allegations.

62 First, there was no reasonable basis for the defendant to claim that the
first plaintiff was covering up sexual abuse at the school. The school had
volunteered resources to investigate the matter. These resources included an
expert in clinical social work and child counselling to interview B, and a
former agent with the FBI to uncover the truth.

63 Second, the objective evidence suggested that B was never sexually abused.
The defendant and her husband were repeatedly asking B whether he had been
sexually assaulted and B had maintained that he had not. This was confirmed by
the physical examination at KK Women’s and Children’s Hospital which did not
find any injury or scarring in B’s rectal region. After the medical
examination, the defendant sent a text message to a friend saying “Thank God
everything is okay” and “we’re more than happy because at least we can close
this chapter and start a new chapter in Singapore”. Later in May 2014, the
defendant sent a WhatsApp message to D saying that the news was exaggerating
and that she had never said B had been raped. It was only on 28 May 2014 that
the defendant started alleging that B had been raped more than 20 times.

64 Furthermore, the defendant did not care to enter appearance in the present
suit even though she was fully aware of the proceedings. This knowledge was
evident from the Jakarta Post Article in which she was reported to be
suggesting that the motive behind the suit in Singapore was to prevent her
from testifying in the criminal trial in Indonesia. I further note that the
defendant has also failed to apologise or retract her defamatory statements.

65 Considering the defendant’s conduct and the manner in which the events
unfolded, I award aggravated damages of S$20,000 to each of the second, third
and fourth plaintiffs.

Special damages

66 The first plaintiff claims US$2,985,400 in special damages for the
shortfall in enrolment for certain grades at the Campus. The second to fourth
plaintiffs claim US$944,240.60, US$515,020.85 and S$41,400 respectively for
the wreckage of their careers.

67 The first plaintiff seeks to recover losses representing the shortfall in
enrolment at ATU. B was enrolled in Kindergarten in academic year 2013/2014.
In academic year 2014/2015, there was a marked shortfall in the actual intake
for the grade directly below (_ie_ junior to) Kindergarten, Kindergarten and
the grade directly above (_ie_ senior to) Kindergarten. The shortfall in
enrolment translated to a loss of US$1,492,700 for that academic year. The
first plaintiff expects this shortfall in enrolment to persist for the next
few years. Thus, the first plaintiff seeks to have a multiplier of two years
applied to the loss incurred in academic year 2014/2015.

68 The second to fourth plaintiffs seek special damages for their alleged loss
of employability. Although they concede that they remain on the payroll of
ATU, they claim that they would be unable to find alternative employment
elsewhere.

The applicable law

69 I accept that, as a general proposition, the tort of defamation allows the
recovery of economic loss as special damages if such loss is referable to the
harm to the plaintiff’s reputation. To recover special damages, the plaintiff
has to prove ‘actual temporal loss’; the loss of some ‘material’ or ‘temporal
advantage’ which is ‘pecuniary’ or ‘capable of being estimated in money’
(_Halsbury_ at para 240.186). In _Ratcliffe v Evans_ [1892] 2 QB 524 at 528,
Bowen LJ explained that the term “special damage” is used to denote the
particular damage which a claimant suffers beyond general damage:

At times (both in the law of tort and of contract) it is employed to denote
that damage arising out of the special circumstances of the case which, if
properly pleaded, may be superadded to the general damage which the law
implies in every breach of contract and every infringement of an absolute
right: see _Ashby v. White_. In all such cases the law presumes that _some_
damage will flow in the ordinary course of things from the mere invasion of
the plaintiff’s rights, and calls it general damage. **_Special damage in such
a context means the particular damage (beyond the general damage), which
results from the particular circumstances of the case, and of the plaintiff’s
claim to be compensated, for which he ought to give warning in his pleadings
in order that there may be no surprise at the trial_**. …

[emphasis in italics in original, emphasis in bold italics added]

70 Actual pecuniary loss must be pleaded and proved. It is insufficient to
plead the broad conventional allegation that by reason of the pleaded facts,
damage has been suffered (see for example _Lonrho plc and others v Fayed and
others (No 5)_ [1993] 1 WLR 1489 at 1494). The level of particularity required
is illustrated by the observation in Harvey McGregor, _McGregor on Damages_
(Sweet & Maxwell, 18th Ed, 2009) (“ _McGregor on Damages_ ”) at para 39-034:

… [M]ore specific losses, as of particular contracts, particular employments,
particular hospitality may also be allowed if properly pleaded and proved. …

71 It must also be borne in mind that not all manner of pecuniary losses fall
within the scope of special damage. In _Low Tuck Kwong v Sukamto Sia_ [2014] 1
SLR 639, the Court of Appeal clarified that the scope of special damage in the
context of defamation suits had to be loss referable to the damage to
reputation. The Court stated at [98]:

… The tort of defamation primarily protects a person’s reputation (see
_Gatley_ ([44] _supra_) at para 1.1) and so grants relief for damage to a
plaintiff’s reputation, the injury to his feelings and also provides a
vindicatory effect. Where therefore the loss resulting from the publication of
the words complained of is not referable to such protected interests, such
loss is not claimable even if the publication was factually causative of it;
it therefore does not include _all_ consequential pecuniary loss. [emphasis in
original]

The first plaintiff

72 I am of the view that the first plaintiff has failed to prove its claim for
special damages. Although evidence was adduced to prove the shortfall in
enrolment, the question is whether such shortfall was wholly caused by the
defendant in publishing the libel. The scandal started in March 2014,
approximately two months before the defendant claimed that B was sexually
assaulted. It may very well be that the defendant had contributed to the
damage caused to the school’s reputation. However, the first plaintiff had
endeavoured to pin the entire blame on her and as a consequence, did not prove
the extent of the defendant’s contribution. Therefore, the first plaintiff’s
claim for special damages must fail.

The second to fourth plaintiffs

73 In my judgment, the second to fourth plaintiffs’ claim for special damages
is misconceived. As was discussed above at [70], actual pecuniary loss must be
pleaded and proven. The second to fourth plaintiffs have not done so. At the
time of this hearing, they remained on the payroll of the first plaintiff and
had not suffered any financial loss. That their teaching careers have been
wrecked by the defamation is but a bare assertion that is unsupported by proof
of the loss of any particular employments or contracts. Thus, without proof of
actual loss, the general harm caused to their teaching careers should fall
within the scope of general damages, not special damages.

Conclusion

74 For the reasons set out above, I make the following awards:

(a) ATU – S$30,000 in general damages;

(b) ATV – S$50,000 in general damages and S$20,000 in aggravated damages;

(c) ATW – S$50,000 in general damages and S$20,000 in aggravated damages; and

(d) ATX – S$40,000 in general damages and S$20,000 in aggravated damages.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 16 Jul 2015 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

