Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Coal & Oil Co LLC _v_ GHCL Ltd  
[2015] SGHC 65

Case Number| :| Originating Summons No 538 of 2014  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 12 March 2015  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Steven Chong J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Gabriel Peter and Chong En Lai (Gabriel Law Corporation)
for the plaintiff; Joseph Lopez, Khushboo Hashu Shahdadpuri and Chong Li Tang
(Joseph Lopez LLP) for the defendant.  
Parties| :|  Coal & Oil Co LLC — GHCL Ltd  
  
12 March 2015| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Steven Chong J:

Introduction

1 In the last few decades, international arbitration has emerged as an
attractive and, in certain industries, the preferred form of dispute
resolution. Parties opt for arbitration for various tactical, strategic, and
commercial reasons including the flexibility to select the tribunal who, in
their assessment, is best suited to preside over the dispute bearing in mind
the complexity of the case. Finality of the arbitral award is also perceived
as a significant advantage though it would be fair to say that the perception
is viewed less advantageously, after the fact, by the losing party. Curial
intervention is therefore available only in limited circumstances, including
instances where there has been a breach of natural justice, where the award is
tainted by fraud or corruption, or where the award has been made _ultra vires_
the jurisdiction of the tribunal.

2 I have observed a clear trend, in recent times, of parties seeking to set
aside adverse arbitral awards on the basis of alleged breaches of natural
justice. Many have failed. It is perhaps opportune for me to state that an
accusation against a tribunal for committing a breach of natural justice is a
serious matter. The tribunal is not able to defend itself and the accusation
can have an adverse impact on the arbitrator’s reputation and standing in the
arbitration community. The courts take a serious view of such challenges and
that is why those which have succeeded are few and far between and limited
only to egregious cases where the error is “clear on the face of the record”
(see _TMM Division Maritima SA de CV v Pacific Richfield Marine Pte Ltd_
[2013] 4 SLR 972 (“ _TMM Division_ ”) at [125]).

3 Parties have nonetheless been creative (though ultimately unsuccessful) in
attempting to expand the defined boundaries of the doctrine of breach of
natural justice. Some notable examples include an assertion that the
tribunal’s decision to close the arbitral proceedings and subsequent refusal
to reopen them upon request was a breach of the right to a fair hearing (_ADG
and another v ADI and another matter_ [2014] 3 SLR 481) (“ _ADG v ADI_ ”);
that dilatoriness in the release of an award was evidence of apparent bias
(_PT Central Investindo v Franciscus Wongso and others and another matter_
[2014] 4 SLR 978 (“ _PT Central Investindo_ ”)); and that a tribunal’s refusal
to admit an expert report tendered on the last day of the hearing was a breach
of the right to a fair hearing (_Triulzi Cesare SRL v Xinyi Group (Glass) Co
Ltd_ [2015] 1 SLR 114) (“ _Triulzi_ ”).

4 The present case represents another novel attempt to set aside an arbitral
award. In brief, the plaintiff’s argument is two-fold. First, the plaintiff
argues that the Tribunal had breached its _duty_ under Rule 27.1 (“r 27.1”) of
the 2007 Singapore International Arbitration Centre Rules (“the 2007 SIAC
Rules”) because it failed to declare the arbitral proceedings closed before
releasing its award. Second, the plaintiff argues that there was inordinate
delay in the release of the award because the award was only issued 19 months
after the parties’ final closing submissions. On the strength of the
preceding, the plaintiff submits that the award should be set aside, _inter
alia_ , on the basis that there had been a breach of natural justice.

5 Two general issues arise from these facts. The first is the proper
construction of r 27.1; the second is the applicable time limit, if any, for
the release of arbitral awards.

Background facts

6 The plaintiff, Coal & Oil Company LLC (“C&O”), is a company registered in
Dubai, United Arab Emirates.[note: 1] It is engaged in the business of trading
coal.

7 The defendant, GHCL Limited (“GHCL”), is a company registered in the
Republic of India. It was, at the material time, a customer of the
plaintiff.[note: 2]

8 The facts are not in dispute and lie within a narrow compass. On 26 April
2007, the plaintiff signed an agreement to supply between 180,000 and 190,000
Metric Tons (“MT”) of coal to the defendant (“the Agreement”).[note: 3] It was
agreed that the coal would be delivered in three to four shipments. Clause 16
of the Agreement provided that any disputes would be submitted to arbitration
in Singapore.[note: 4] The plaintiff separately contracted with Noble
Resources Pte Ltd (“Noble”) to obtain some of the coal it required to fulfil
the terms of its contract with the defendant (“the Noble Contract”).[note: 5]

9 Between April 2007 and January 2008, the price of coal rose dramatically and
Noble attempted to re-negotiate the price of coal under the Noble Contract.
The plaintiff initially resisted this increase as it would affect the
profitability of its contract with the defendant but Noble was insistent that
the price be increased. This triggered an exchange of correspondence between
the plaintiff and the defendant during which the defendant was informed that
the plaintiff would not deliver the third shipment (consisting of 70,000 MT of
coal) unless a price increase was agreed.[note: 6] By way of an addendum dated
17 March 2008, the defendant agreed to a price increase of US$18.50 per MT for
the third shipment (“the Addendum”).[note: 7] The third shipment was loaded
and paid for on 25 April 2008.[note: 8] However, on 18 May 2008, the defendant
demanded that the plaintiff repay a sum of US$1,295,888 (the additional sum
paid under the Addendum), arguing that the Addendum was illegal as it had been
procured through coercion.[note: 9]

10 The plaintiff refused to repay the demanded sum and, pursuant to clause 16
of the Agreement, the defendant submitted the dispute to arbitration in
Singapore.[note: 10] The parties agreed, from the outset, that the arbitration
would be governed by the 2007 SIAC Rules.[note: 11] A sole arbitrator (“the
Tribunal”) was appointed by the Singapore International Arbitration Centre
(“the SIAC”).

11 The following is a brief chronology of the arbitration:[note: 12]

**Date** |  **Event**  
---|---  
22 May 2009 |  GHCL issued a notice of arbitration to C&O  
14 May 2012 – 17 May 2012 |  Oral hearings conducted before the Tribunal  
10 July 2012 |  GHCL filed its closing submissions  
15 July 2012 |  C&O filed its closing submissions  
15 August 2012 |  GHCL filed its reply submissions  
17 August 2012 |  C&O filed its reply submissions  
5 July 2013 |  The SIAC informed parties that the Tribunal was in the process of drafting the award.  
3 September 2013 |  The Tribunal wrote to inform the parties that a draft award was expected to be ready by the end of the month.  
12 December 2013 |  GHCL wrote to the SIAC requesting for an update on the status of the award. On the same day, the SIAC wrote to inform the parties that it had written to the Tribunal on the issue and hoped to receive a draft award before Christmas.  
9 January 2014 |  The SIAC wrote to the parties to inform them that it had yet to receive the draft award but was in contact with the Tribunal on the issue.   
17 January 2014 |  The SIAC wrote to the parties to inform them that it had received the draft award from the Tribunal.  
14 March 2014 |  The Award was issued.  
17 March 2014 |  The parties received a copy of the Award via email.  
  
  

12 In its Final Award dated 14 March 2014 (“the Award”), the Tribunal found in
favour of the defendant and held that the Addendum was vitiated by duress and
ought to be side aside. The Tribunal awarded the defendant the sum of
$1,295,888 with interest.[note: 13] The parties received the Award on 17 March
2014, one year and seven months after they made their final reply submissions
(on 17 August 2012).

The plaintiff’s application

13 On 12 June 2014, the plaintiff filed Originating Summons No 538 of 2014
(“OS 538/2014”), applying under s 24 of the International Arbitration Act (Cap
143A, 2002 Rev Ed) (“IAA”) to set aside the Award on the following
grounds:[note: 14]

(a) First, under Art 34(2)(_a_)(iv) of the UNCITRAL Model Law on International
Commercial Arbitration 1985 (“the Model Law”) as set out in the First Schedule
to the IAA in that the issuance of the Award was in breach of the parties’
agreed procedure.

(b) Second, under Art 34(2)(_b_)(ii) of the Model Law in that the Award was in
conflict with the public policy of Singapore.

(c) Third, under s 24(b) of the IAA in that there was a breach of natural
justice.

14 The plaintiff also prayed, in the alternative, for a declaration under Art
14(1) of the Model Law that the Tribunal’s mandate had been terminated prior
to 14 March 2014 (the date of the issuance of the Award) by reason of the
Tribunal’s failure to act without undue delay in declaring the proceedings
closed and that, therefore, the Award should be set aside for want of
jurisdiction.[note: 15] As the application to terminate the mandate of the
arbitrator was filed out of time, the plaintiff also sought an extension of
time in aid of that specific ground of the application.[note: 16]

15 At the hearing on 20 January 2015, Mr Peter Gabriel (“Mr Gabriel”), counsel
for the plaintiff, informed me that the plaintiff would not be proceeding with
the alternative prayer.[note: 17] I should add that if the plaintiff had
pursued the alternative prayer, I would not have been minded to grant the
extension of time. Order 69A r 2(3) of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R5, 2014
Rev Ed) (“ROC”) stipulates that any application to decide on the termination
of the tribunal’s mandate must be made “within 30 days from the date of
receipt by the applicant… of the arbitral tribunal’s decision or ruling.”
Given that the plaintiff had received the Award on 17 March 2014, the
application ought to have been filed by 16 April 2014\. The plaintiff was thus
57 days late in filing the application on 12 June 2014. No convincing reasons
for the delay were put forward apart from the need to “study the purported
Final Award”, “seek legal advice”, and instruct new solicitors.[note: 18]
However, I note that the plaintiff was represented by their previous
solicitors, M/s Rajah & Tann LLP, at least until 2 May 2014, which is well
_after_ the deadline for the filing of the application had passed.[note: 19]
While they were represented by their previous solicitors, the plaintiff had
ample time to study the Award and seek their advice. Therefore, a delay of 57
days – nearly twice the length of the time provided for in O 69A r 2(3) of the
ROC – is inexcusable.

The substantive issues

16 With that, it remains for me to consider the remaining three grounds set
out at [13]. As noted above at [4], all three grounds rest on the same two
factual premises, each of which the plaintiff asserts is a sufficient basis
for invoking any one of the three grounds for setting aside. The first factual
premise is the Tribunal’s purported failure to comply with r 27.1. The second
is the 19-month gap of time between the final submissions tendered by the
parties and the date of the release of the Award, a lapse of time which the
plaintiff terms an “inordinate delay”.

17 It is undisputed that the Tribunal only released the Award 19 months after
the parties tendered their final written submissions. However, parties
disagreed on whether the Tribunal had been in breach of r 27.1 so that is the
issue to which I shall now turn.

Has there been a breach of r 27.1?

18 Rule 27.1 reads:

27.1 Before issuing any award, the Tribunal shall submit it in draft form to
the Registrar. Unless the Registrar extends time or the parties agree
otherwise, the **Tribunal shall submit the draft award to the Registrar within
45 days from the date on which the Tribunal declares the proceedings closed**.
The Registrar may suggest modifications as to the form of the award and,
without affecting the Tribunal’s liberty of decision, may also draw its
attention to points of substance. No award shall be issued by the Tribunal
until it has been approved by the Registrar as to its form. [emphasis added in
bold]

The parties’ arguments

19 Mr Gabriel‘s argument may be expressed syllogistically. First, he submits
that r 27.1 _obliges_ the Tribunal to first declare the proceedings closed
before issuing a draft award. Second, he notes that it is common ground that
the Tribunal did not declare the proceedings closed before issuing the draft
award. In conclusion, he submits, the Tribunal had breached its duty by
issuing the draft award without first declaring the proceedings closed and the
Award must therefore be set aside.

20 It is clear that, on the face of r 27.1, the 45-day period only begins to
run from the date on which the Tribunal declares the proceedings closed. It is
also not in dispute that the Tribunal did not declare the proceedings closed.
Therefore the key question is whether the Tribunal is _obliged_ or merely
_empowered_ to declare the closure of proceedings. Mr Gabriel concedes that
there is nothing on the face of r 27.1 which _expressly requires_ the Tribunal
to declare the proceedings closed. However, he argues that such an obligation
may be inferred because the issuance of arbitral award always takes place in
two stages: first, the tribunal declares the proceedings closed; second, the
tribunal must submit the draft award to the Registrar of the SIAC within 45
days of its declaration. Mr Gabriel submits that because the “second step is a
_mandatory step_ and is hinged upon the declaration of close of proceedings by
the Tribunal… the Tribunal as a first step _is required to declare the closure
of the arbitration proceeding[s]_ ”[note: 20] [emphasis added].

21 Mr Joseph Lopez (“Mr Lopez”), counsel for the defendant, submits that there
is no express provision in the 2007 SIAC Rules (including r 27.1) which
imposes any requirement on the Tribunal to declare the proceedings closed. In
fact, he submits, the scheme of the 2007 SIAC Rules provides otherwise. In
this connection, he relies on r 21.5 of the 2007 SIAC Rules (“r 21.5”) which
reads:

The **Tribunal may declare the hearings closed** if it is satisfied that the
parties have no further evidence to produce or submissions to make. The
Tribunal may on its own motion or upon the application of a party but before
any award is made, reopen the hearings.” [emphasis added in bold]

Mr Lopez submits that the expression “hearings” in r 21.5 is synonymous with
the expression “proceedings” in r 27.1. Thus, he concludes, the 2007 SIAC
Rules specifically confers a _power_ (through r 21.5, which is expressed in
discretionary terms) and not a _duty_ on the Tribunal to declare the
proceedings closed.

22 Mr Lopez gives two reasons in support of this construction:

(a) First, Mr Lopez relies on the changes wrought by the passage of the 2010
Singapore International Arbitration Centre Rules (“2010 SIAC Rules”). Rule
28.1 of the 2010 SIAC Rules (the successor to r 21.5 of the 2007 SIAC Rules)
provides that that the Tribunal “ _shall_ , after consulting with the parties,
declare the _proceedings_ closed _if_ it is satisfied that the parties have no
further relevant and material evidence to produce or submission to make”
[emphasis added]. Rule 28.2 of the 2010 SIAC Rules (the successor to r 27.1 of
the 2007 SIAC Rules), remains largely unchanged and provides that “the
Tribunal shall submit the draft award to the Registrar within 45 days from the
date on which the Tribunal declares proceedings closed.” Mr Lopez makes the
following observations: first, the expression “close of hearings” in r 21.5 of
the 2007 SIAC rules has been amended to read “close of proceedings” in r 28.1
of the 2010 SIAC Rules; second, there is no provision in the 2010 or 2013
versions of the SIAC Rules which provides for a declaration of the closure of
the hearings – there is only provision for a declaration of the closure of the
proceedings; third, the word “may” in r 21.5 was replaced with the word
“shall” in r 28.1 of the 2010 SIAC Rules. Mr Lopez infers from the foregoing
that the expression “hearings” in r 21.5 had always been intended to be read
interchangeably with the expression “proceedings” in r 27.1 and submits that
the 2010 amendments were made, _ex abundanti cautela_ , to make this
clear.[note: 21]

(b) Second, Mr Lopez drew my attention to Article 3 of Schedule 1 of the 2007
SIAC Rules, which is entitled “Special Provisions for SIAC Domestic
Arbitration Rules”. Art 3(5) of Schedule 1 of the 2007 SIAC Rules (“Art 3(5)”)
provides that “a Tribunal’s [summary] award or order shall be made in writing
_within 21 days after close of hearing_ unless extended by the Registrar”
[emphasis added]. Mr Lopez notes that Art 3(5) imposes a time limit for the
release of the summary award with reference to the _close of hearings_ and
submits that this demonstrates that, insofar as time limits for the release of
awards are concerned, the expressions “close of hearings” and “close of
proceedings” are synonymous and are used interchangeably.[note: 22]

Does r 27.1 impose a power or a duty to declare proceedings closed?

23 Rule 27.1 has been incorporated into the parties’ contract and must be
interpreted purposively (see _NCC International AB v Land Transport Authority
Singapore_ [2009] 1 SLR(R) 985 at [37] (“ _NCC International_ ”); _AQZ v ARA_
[2015] SGHC 49 at [132]) (“ _AQZ v ARA_ ”). Since we are considering the
institutional rules of an arbitral institution, this entails a consideration
of the drafting history of the rules, in a manner akin to an examination of
the legislative history of an Act of Parliament (see _NCC International_ at
[37]).

The drafting history of r 27.1

24 In total, there have been five different editions of the SIAC Rules
(excluding the Domestic Arbitration Rules released in 2001 and 2002), all of
which contain provisions which govern the time limit for the release of
arbitral awards and for the declaration of the closure of
hearings/proceedings. These provisions exist in three different permutations.

25 The first permutation exists in the 1991 and 1997 versions of the SIAC
Rules (hereinafter, “the 1991 SIAC Rules” and “the 1997 SIAC Rules”
respectively). Rule 21.6 of the 1991 SIAC Rules and r 22.6 of the 1997 SIAC
Rules are, save for minor differences in wording, identical. Rule 21.6 of the
1991 SIAC Rules reads:

The **Tribunal may declare the hearings closed** if the parties have no
further proof to offer or witnesses to be heard or submissions to make. **The
Tribunal may on its own motion or upon application of a party but before any
award is made, reopen the hearings**. [emphasis added in bold]

Rule 27.1 of the 1991 SIAC Rules and r 28.1 of the 1997 SIAC Rules deal with
the time limits for the rendering of awards. Both provisions are also, save
for minor differences in wording, identical. Rule 27.1 of the 1991 SIAC Rules
reads:

The Tribunal shall make its award in writing **within forty-five (45) days
from the date on which the hearings are closed** and, unless all the parties
agree otherwise, shall state the reasons upon which its award is based. The
award shall state its date and shall be signed by the arbitrator or
arbitrators. [emphasis added in bold]

26 The second permutation is found in the 2007 SIAC Rules. Rules 21.5 and 27.1
of the 2007 SIAC Rules are reproduced here for convenience:

21.5 The Tribunal may declare the hearings closed if it is satisfied that the
parties have no further evidence to produce or submissions to make. The
Tribunal may on its own motion or upon the application of a party but before
any award is made, reopen the hearings. [emphasis in bold]

…

27.1 Before issuing any award, the Tribunal shall submit it in draft form to
the Registrar. Unless the Registrar extends time or the parties agree
otherwise, the **Tribunal shall submit the draft award to the Registrar within
45 days from the date on which the Tribunal declares the proceedings closed**.
The Registrar may suggest modifications as to the form of the award and,
without affecting the Tribunal’s liberty of decision, may also draw its
attention to points of substance. No award shall be issued by the Tribunal
until it has been approved by the Registrar as to its form. [emphasis added in
bold]

27 The third permutation may be found in the 2010 SIAC Rules and the 2013
version of the SIAC Rules (“the 2013 SIAC Rules”). Rules 28.1 and 28.2 of the
2010 SIAC Rules are identical to rr 28.1 and 28.2 of the 2013 SIAC Rules.
Rules 28.1 and 28.2 of the 2010 SIAC Rules read:

28.1 The Tribunal shall, after consulting with the parties, declare the
proceedings closed if it is satisfied that the parties have no further
relevant and material evidence to produce or submission to make. The Tribunal
may, on its own motion or upon application of a party but before any award is
made, reopen the proceedings.

28.2 Before issuing any award, the Tribunal shall submit it in draft form to
the Registrar. Unless the Registrar extends time or the parties agree
otherwise, the **Tribunal shall submit the draft award to the Registrar within
45 days from the date on which the Tribunal declares the proceedings closed**.
The Registrar may, as soon as practicable, suggest modifications as to the
form of the award and, without affecting the Tribunal's liberty of decision,
may also draw its attention to points of substance. No award shall be issued
by the Tribunal until it has been approved by the Registrar as to its form.

[emphasis added in bold]

28 When the history of the SIAC Rules is examined, a clear trajectory may be
discerned: there has been a gradual shift towards the imposition of stricter
timelines for the release of arbitral awards through a decrease in tribunal
autonomy and a concomitant increase in the supervisory role of the Registrar
and the parties. Under the 1991 and 1997 of the SIAC Rules, the release of the
award was entirely within the control of the tribunal. This is because the
45-day period begins to run _if and only if_ the tribunal elects to declare
the closure of hearings which it may, on its own motion or on the application
of one of the parties, reopen. Further, the 45-day time limit may be extended
by the tribunal on its own motion (see r 24.1(e) of the 1991 SIAC Rules and r
25(e) of the 1997 SIAC Rules, which grant the tribunal the general power to
extend or abbreviate any time limits provided in the rules of its own motion,
subject only to the caveat that it must afford the parties an opportunity to
state their views). By contrast, under the 2010 and the 2013 versions of the
SIAC Rules, the reckoning of time begins to run when the tribunal declares a
closure of proceedings, which it is _obliged_ to do _if_ , after consulting
with the parties, it is of the view that the parties have no further evidence
or submissions to present. This declaration triggers the start of a 45-day
window within which the tribunal has to render its draft award. This time
limit may not be unilaterally extended by the tribunal. This is because, since
the 2007 SIAC Rules, the general power of the tribunal to extend time limits
has been expressly qualified by the proviso that this power does not cover
extensions of time limits for the release of the award (see r 24(d) of the
2007 SIAC Rules and r 24(c) of the 2010/2013 SIAC Rules). Under the 2010 SIAC
Rules, the 45-day time limit may only be extended by the Registrar or by the
agreement of the parties.

29 Any construction of the 2007 SIAC Rules must reflect its place in the
historical development of the SIAC Rules, bearing in mind the careful balance
the drafters wanted to strike between tribunal autonomy (in the conduct of the
arbitration) and institutional oversight (through the supervisory role of the
Registrar): see generally Sabiha Shiraz, “The New SIAC Rules 2007” [2007] 4
Sinarb 2 at p 3.

30 The 2007 SIAC Rules is unique in that it is the only iteration of the rules
which specifically _empowers_ the tribunal to declare a closure of _hearings_
but imposes a timeline for the release of the award with reference to a
closure of _proceedings_. To elaborate:

(a) The 1991 and 1997 versions of the SIAC Rules give the tribunal a _power
but not a duty_ to declare _hearings_ closed. Following a declaration of the
closure of _hearing_ s, a tribunal has an obligation to render a draft Award
within 45 days. The 1991/1997 SIAC Rules did not contemplate a declaration of
the closure of _proceedings_.

(b) The 2010 and 2013 versions of the SIAC Rules impose a _duty_ on the
Tribunal to declare _proceedings_ closed if, after consulting with the
parties, it is satisfied that they have no further evidence or submissions to
present. Following a declaration of the closure of _proceedings_ , a tribunal
has an obligation to render a draft Award within 45 days. The 2010/2013 SIAC
Rules do not refer to the closure of _hearings_.

31 The key question is therefore whether the 2007 SIAC Rules, being silent on
the issue, ought to be construed as imposing a _duty_ on the tribunal to
declare proceedings closed (as Mr Gabriel has suggested) or whether it should
be construed as conferring a mere power. I am of the view that the latter
construction is preferable for four reasons.

32 First, the former construction would not be consonant with the drafting
history of the rules. Under the 2010 and 2013 SIAC Rules, the tribunal’s duty
to issue a declaration of the closure of proceedings only arises once it has
(a) consulted the parties; and (b) _personally formed a view_ that the parties
have no further evidence to tender or submissions to make. However, there is
nothing in the 2010 or 2013 versions of the SIAC Rules which suggest that the
tribunal has a duty to consult parties on this issue to begin with. Therefore,
under the 2010/2013 SIAC Rules, it is entirely possible that the proceedings
may never be declared closed. This situation would arise if (a) there were no
consultation between the tribunal and the parties as to whether the latter has
any further evidence to tender or submissions to make; and/or (b) if the
tribunal does not form the view (following such consultation) that the parties
have no further relevant material evidence to produce or submissions to make.
The plaintiff’s construction of r 27.1, if accepted, would mean that the 2007
SIAC Rules are even stricter than its successor since it would impose an
_unqualified_ obligation to issue a declaration of closure without the duty to
first consult with the parties and the duty to, after such consultation, be
subjectively satisfied that parties do not have further evidence or
submissions to present.

33 The plaintiff’s construction is not only impractical (since the parties are
clearly the ones who are best placed to advise the tribunal if they have
further material to present), it would also give rise to difficulties. It
would be unsafe to impose a duty on tribunals to issue a declaration of
closure of the proceedings without a predicate duty of prior consultation with
the parties (which is present in the 2010/2013 SIAC Rules). Imposing an
unqualified duty to issue a declaration of closure might encourage hasty
tribunals to close proceedings prematurely, opening awards to collateral
attacks on the basis that the rules of natural justice have been violated. An
aggrieved party might be encouraged to apply to set aside an award on the
basis that proceedings had been closed prematurely, thereby denying him an
adequate opportunity to present his case. This concern is not new. Rule 21.6
of the 1991 SIAC Rules (the predecessor of r 21.5 of the 2007 SIAC Rules)
appears to have been derived from Art 29 of the United Nations Commission on
International Trade Law Arbitration Rules 1976, _UN General Assembly
Resolution 31/98_ , (UN Doc. A/RES/31/98, 15 December 1976) (“ _UNCITRAL Rules
1976_ ”). Article 29 of the UNCITRAL Rules 1976 reads, “[t]he arbitral
tribunal may inquire of the parties if they have any further proof to offer or
witnesses to be heard or submissions to make and, if there are none, it may
declare the hearings closed.” At its Ninth Session, the Committee of the
United Nations Commission on International Trade Law (“the UNCITRAL
Committee”) was fully cognisant of the danger that aggrieved parties might
apply to set awards aside on the basis that they had been denied an
opportunity to present their case because of the premature closure of the
hearings. That was why the representatives in the UNCITRAL Committee drafted
Art 29 carefully to require tribunals to consult the parties in the
arbitration _before_ exercising its power to declare hearings closed: see
_Summary Record of the 16 th Meeting of the United Nations Commission on
International Trade Law, Ninth Session (_A/CN.9/9/C.2/SR.16, 26 April 1976) at
paras 83 to 85.

34 Second, the plaintiff’s construction is also not consonant with the _raison
d'être_ of r 27.1. In my view, the declaration of closure functions as a case-
management tool. As explained by Mark Mangan, Lucy Reed and John Choong in
their book, _A Guide to the SIAC Arbitration Rules_ (Oxford University Press,
2014) (“ _A Guide to the SIAC Arbitration Rules_ ”), at para 12.11:

[t]he closure of the proceedings [as provided for in r 28.1 of the 2010/2013
SIAC Rules] prevents an endless stream of submissions or new documents from
the parties. It also signals to the parties (and the Secretariat) that they
can expect to receive the award in relatively short order. _In practice,
tribunals will usually only declare the proceedings closed when the drafting
of the award is well advanced or is expected to be completed within 45 days,
as required_ by Rule 28.2. [emphasis added in italics]

It follows that the declaration of closure of proceedings is essentially a
tool for case-management. It serves two main purposes. First, it benefits the
tribunal by preventing the drafting process from being derailed by last-minute
submissions from parties. Second, it serves as a signal to parties that the
arbitral process is coming to an end and that a final disposition of their
legal rights is forthcoming.

35 The plaintiff’s argument, if accepted, would elevate a case-management tool
into a condition precedent for the release of the award. To my mind, imposing
a _duty_ on the tribunal to declare proceedings closed is inconsistent with
the case-management function of a declaration of closure. Tribunals have wide
powers of case management (see _Soh Beng Tee & Co Pte Ltd v Fairmount
Development Pte Ltd_ [2007] 3 SLR(R) 86 (“ _Soh Beng Tee_ ”) at [60]; _TMM
Division_ at [115]). This is particularly so for parties who elect to
arbitrate in Singapore under the SIAC Rules, which grant tribunals wide and
flexible case-management powers (see _ADG v ADI_ at [111]). To impose a duty
of declaration would effectively limit a tribunal’s freedom of action, which
is the very opposite of what case-management powers are intended for.

36 Third, the plaintiff’s construction is not commercially sensible. The
plaintiff is unable to provide any satisfactory explanation _why_ the
declaration of closure is normatively important enough to the arbitration
process that such a duty should be imposed. The plaintiff’s submission that
the declaration of closure is “a fundamental requirement as per the agreement
of the parties”[note: 23] is question-begging. As the plaintiff acknowledges,
r 27.1 is silent as to whether the Tribunal has a _duty_ or a mere _power_ to
issue a declaration of closure of proceedings so the plaintiff bears the
burden of proving why the former construction is more commercially sensible
and is to be preferred. It is difficult to understand why the drafters of the
SIAC Rules, being mindful of the need to avoid impeding the arbitration
process with pointless formalities, would require arbitral tribunals to first
declare proceedings closed before issuing an award.

37 It is also telling that the plaintiff is unable to provide a definitive
answer on when the Tribunal’s obligation to issue a declaration of closure
arose in this case. In its written submissions, it identified five possible
dates when the Tribunal ought to have declared hearings closed: (a) 17 August
2012 (the date the plaintiff filed its final reply submissions); (b) 5 July
2013 (when the SIAC informed the parties that the Tribunal was in the process
of drafting the award); (c) 15 August 2013 (45 days before 30 September 2013,
the first expected completion date of the award); (d) 10 November 2013 (45
days before 25 December 2013, the revised expected completion date for the
award); and (e) 3 December 2013 (45 days before 17 January 2014, when the
Registrar was said to have received the draft of the Award).[note: 24] During
the oral hearings, Mr Gabriel could only offer the tentative response that the
declaration ought to have been made within a reasonable time. When pressed, he
eventually submitted that the Tribunal ought to have declared the proceedings
closed either on 3 December 2013 (45 days before 17 January 2014, when the
draft award was received by the SIAC) or 45 days _after_ 17 January
2014.[note: 25]

38 In my view, the plaintiff’s inconclusive and unsettled position on this
issue just reinforces my point that the central difficulty with the
plaintiff’s submission is that there just does not seem to be any compelling
reason _why_ the requirement of a declaration of closure is so critical. The
plaintiff is asserting the existence of an arid procedural requirement that
does not add anything substantive to the arbitration process. I do not think
the drafters of the 2007 SIAC Rules would have intended such a result. This is
usefully contrasted with the requirement (also found in r 27.1) that any award
must first be approved by the Registrar before it can be released. That
requirement serves an integral function by allowing the Registrar to maintain
the quality of awards released under the auspices of the SIAC (see _A Guide to
the SIAC Arbitration Rules_ at paras 12.12–12.19).

39 Fourth, the former construction would render r 21.5 superfluous. Even
assuming that – in the specific context of rr 21.5 and 27.1 – “hearings” and
“proceedings” refer to different events (which, as I will elaborate later at
[40]–[43], is not the case), the point is that “proceedings” generally
encompass “hearings.” Thus, if proceedings are closed, hearings, being a
subset of proceedings, must surely be closed as well. If a tribunal already
has a _duty_ to close proceedings under r 27.1 (thereby closing hearings in
the process), r 21.5 would be rendered otiose since tribunals would never have
need to exercise its _power_ to close hearings if they are already duty bound
to declare closure of proceedings. Mr Gabriel has not provided any explanation
as to why there would be a need for tribunals to separately have the _power_
to close hearings in juxtaposition with a _duty_ to close proceedings.
Hypothetically, one might suggest that “hearings” refers only to an event for
the making of oral submissions and the taking of oral evidence. On this
theory, a tribunal might wish, in declaring hearings closed, to signal that it
does not wish to hear further oral arguments but is still open to receiving
written submissions. However, there is nothing in the 2007 SIAC Rules which
explicitly states that the expression “hearings” bears this restricted
meaning.

Are hearings and proceedings synonymous?

40 Having decided that r 27.1 does not impose any duty on the Tribunal to
declare the closure of the proceedings, it is strictly not necessary to
consider Mr Lopez’s additional argument (which is premised on r 21.5) as
alluded to at [22] above. However, given the parties’ submissions on this
issue, I will go on to make some observations on this subject though I should
add that acceptance of the argument would merely provide an additional reason
to conclude that r 27.1 confers a power and not a duty on tribunals to declare
the closure of proceedings. However, the converse is not true in that should
the argument not find favour with me, it does not in itself establish that r
27.1 imposes a duty, and not a power, on tribunals to declare the closure of
the proceedings. It would still not address the absence of any express
provision in the 2007 SIAC Rules which imposes a duty on tribunal to declare
the closure of proceedings.

41 For the purposes of examining Mr Lopez’s argument, it is not essential to
find that the expressions “hearings” and “proceedings” are used synonymously
_throughout_ the 2007 SIAC Rules. Semantically speaking, these two expressions
can bear different meanings, particularly where the context demands it. For
example, r 21.3 of the 2007 SIAC Rules reads, “[i]f any party to the
_proceedings_ fails to appear at a _hearing_ without showing sufficient cause
for such failure, the Tribunal may proceed with the arbitration and may make
the award based on the submissions and evidence before it” [emphasis added].
In this context, the expression “proceedings” seems to refer to the
arbitration as a whole whereas “hearings” refers only to a physical meeting in
which oral evidence is taken and oral submissions are made.

42 Therefore, context is key. The relevant inquiry is whether “hearings” _in r
21.5_ is intended to have a different meaning to “proceedings” _in r 27.1_.
Such an inquiry is best aided by examining the evolution of the relevant rules
through the different iterations of the SIAC Rules.

43 It is clear from the drafting history of rr 21.5 and 27.1 and their
equivalents (see [24]–[31] above) that the only version which does not use the
same expression consistently in both rules is the 2007 SIAC Rules. The
1991/1997 versions use the same expression “hearings” in both rules while the
2010/2013 versions use the expression “proceedings”. In other words, the
equivalent of rr 21.5 and 27.1 in the 1991/1997 SIAC Rules refer to the same
event – the close of hearings; similarly, the equivalent of rr 21.5 and 27.1
in the 2010/2013 SIAC Rules refer to the same event – the close of
proceedings. The question is whether a distinction was intended to be made
between the expression “hearings” and “proceedings” in rr 21.5 and 27.1 of the
2007 SIAC Rules. No logical reasons have been offered for any distinction and
I think none exist (see also [39] above). In my view, purposively construed,
the expressions “hearings” and “proceedings” are, in the context of rr 21.5
and 27.1, synonymous. I also note that, in the 2010/2013 SIAC Rules, the
provision granting the Tribunal the power to close proceedings (r 28.1, the
successor to r 21.5 of the 2007 SIAC Rules) can now be found immediately
before the provision providing for the 45-day time limit for the release of
the award (r 28.2, the successor to r 27.1 of the 2007 SIAC Rules). The
consolidation of these two provisions in the same rule gives me further reason
to believe that it was always intended that both provisions would refer to the
same event.

44 However, with that being said, I do not think that Mr Lopez’s argument
based on Art 3(5) (see [22(b)] above) is convincing. Art 3(5) provides that a
summary award issued under Schedule 1 of the 2007 SIAC Rules has to be
submitted within 21 days of the “close of hearing”. Mr Lopez submits that the
fact that Art 3(5) provides that a tribunal is to issue its award within 21
days of the close of hearing is further evidence that the time limit for the
issuance of an arbitral awards is measured by reference to the close of
hearings and not proceedings. I do not agree. As Mr Gabriel pointed out, Art
3(5) must be read in context. Article 3 governs the issuance of a summary
award in _domestic arbitrations_ conducted under the 2007 SIAC Rules, and not
international arbitrations, which is the case on our facts. It specifically
provides for a special hearing before the summary award is made. In this
context, the reference to “hearing” in Art 3(5) is a reference to the _oral
hearing in respect of an application for summary judgment_. The purpose of the
rule is to ensure that all such applications for summary awards are swiftly
disposed of (within 21 days of the end of the special oral hearing). Article
3(5) cannot be used to support a general point about time limits for the
release of awards in arbitrations.

45 Furthermore, it is also clear from a review of all the editions of the SIAC
Rules – be it the 1991, 1997, 2007, 2010, or the 2013 versions – that none of
them impose an unqualified duty to declare the closure of hearings or
proceedings. The 2010/2013 SIAC Rules come the closest. But even then, the
obligation to declare a closure of the proceedings is subject to two
conditions precedent as explained at [32] above. If this interpretation is
right (and no other satisfactory reason has been offered to persuade me
otherwise), then it must support the defendant’s construction that the
Tribunal indeed has the _power_ and not a _duty_ to declare the closure of the
_proceedings_.

46 In conclusion, I hold that, on a true construction of r 27.1, the Tribunal
had the _power_ and not a _duty_ to declare the proceedings closed before
releasing the Award. Thus, the Tribunal was not in breach of r 27.1 in this
case when it elected – as it was entitled to under the wide case-management
powers it is afforded under the 2007 SIAC Rules – not to issue to issue a
declaration of closure of the proceedings before releasing the Award

The grounds for setting aside

47 Given my finding that there was no breach of r 27.1, I need only consider
whether the remaining factual premise – _viz_ , the interval of 19 months from
the date of the parties’ final submissions and the release of the Award –
justifies the setting aside of the Award on the three grounds invoked.
However, for completeness, I shall consider each of the three grounds with
reference to both the r 27.1 issue as well as the delay issue to demonstrate
that a breach of r 27.1 would not, in any event, have justified the setting
aside of the Award.

Breach of agreed procedure

48 Article 34(2)(_a_)(iv) of the Model Law provides that “an arbitral award
_may_ be set aside” [emphasis added] if proof is furnished that the arbitral
procedure leading up to the issuance of the award was not in accordance with
the agreement of the parties. As a preliminary point, I observe that the court
retains a discretion _not_ to set an award aside even if one of the prescribed
grounds for setting aside has been made out (see _CRW Joint Operation v PT
Perusahaan Gas Negara (Persero) TBK_ [2011] 4 SLR 305 (“ _CRW (CA)_ ”) at
[100]). This reflects the plain language of Art 34(2) of the Model Law, which
states that a court “may” set an award aside if one of the stated grounds is
present, not that it has to.

49 As stated by Belinda Ang Saw Ean J at [54] of _Triulzi_ :

… It cannot be the case that any breach of an agreed arbitral procedure, even
that of a technical provision or minor formality, will invariably result in an
award being set aside. Most supervising courts inquire into the _materiality_
of the procedural requirements that were not complied with and the nature of
the departures from the parties’ agreed arbitral procedure … [emphasis in
original]

50 I note that different jurisdictions have taken different approaches to this
inquiry. Some have elected to cast this inquiry in terms of the “seriousness
of the breach” (see the observations of the Hong Kong Court of Appeal in
_Grand Pacific Holdings Ltd v Pacific China Holdings Ltd (in liq) (No 1)_
[2012] 4 HKLRD 1 at [105]). Other jurisdictions require proof of “substantial
prejudice”: see _Karaha Bodas Company, LLC v Perusahaan Pertambangan Minyak
Dan Gas Bumi Negara_ 190 F Supp 2d 936 (SD Tex, 2001) where (in considering an
application to set aside an arbitral award under the New York Convention on
the basis that there had been a departure from the agreed arbitral procedure)
the court held, at 945, that the applicant “must show that… the violation
actually caused [that party] substantial prejudice”. In the United Kingdom, s
68 of the Arbitration Act 1996 (c 23) (UK) (“UK Arbitration Act”) permits
challenges to an award on the basis that the tribunal had failed to conduct
the proceedings in accordance with the procedure agreed by the parties,
provided this failure “has caused or will cause _substantial injustice_ to the
applicant” (s 68(2) UK Arbitration Act) [emphasis added].

51 At the end of the day, I agree with Belinda Ang J (see [65] of _Triulzi_)
that this inquiry is necessarily fact-specific. The key is that the procedural
breach complained cannot be of an arid, technical, or trifling nature; rather,
it must be a material breach of procedure serious enough that it justifies the
exercise of the court’s discretion to set aside the award. This will often,
though not invariably, require proof of actual prejudice (_ie_ , where the
procedural breach complained of could reasonably have said to have altered the
final outcome of the arbitral proceedings in some meaningful way): see
_Triulzi_ at [66]; _AQZ v ARA_ at [136].

52 In my view, a failure to issue a declaration of the closure of proceedings
would not satisfy the test. The plaintiff’s complaint is precisely the sort of
arid procedural objection that would not occasion the setting aside of an
award. It is important to note that the plaintiff is _not_ arguing that
proceedings ought to have been declared closed at any particular point in
time. Rather, its submission is simply that the tribunal ought to have
declared proceedings closed before releasing a draft award (whenever that
might have been) and that a failure to do so “cannot be remedied” by the
court. In short, the plaintiff asserts that it is an incurable defect. As I
have noted above at [36]–[38], my difficulty with this submission is that the
plaintiff has not shown _why_ the event of a declaration of closure is of such
critical importance such that non-compliance justifies the setting aside of
the award.

53 In its submissions, the plaintiff relies on the decision of this court in
_Ting Kang Chung John v Teo Hee Lai Building Constructions Pte Ltd_ [2010] 2
SLR 625 (“ _John Ting_ ”). _John Ting_ concerned an arbitration carried out
under the Singapore Institute of Architects Arbitration Rules 1999 (“SIA
Arbitration Rules”). Under Art 14.1 of the SIA Arbitration Rules, an award has
to be released within 60 days of the “close of hearing”. However, the award
was only released on 15 April 2005 – one year and four months after the
hearings had closed. The defendant in _John Ting_ applied to set the award
aside on the basis that the arbitrator lacked jurisdiction to issue the award
while the arbitrator applied for a _post hoc_ extension of time to render the
award under s 15 of the Arbitration Act (Cap 10, 1985 Rev Ed). Quentin Loh JC
(as he then was) held, at [32], that the arbitrator’s failure to adhere to the
agreed time limit meant that the award was issued without jurisdiction and was
therefore void and of no effect. The plaintiff in the instant case argues, by
analogy with _John Ting_ , that the failure of the Tribunal to first declare
the proceedings closed meant that the subsequent issuance of the Award was
made without jurisdiction and should therefore be declared void and set
aside.[note: 26]

54 However, I do not think that _John Ting_ assists the plaintiff. The true
_ratio_ of _John Ting_ is that the mandate of an arbitrator expires after the
time limit for the release of an award has expired. Thus, any award issued
after that is issued without jurisdiction. This is made clear by the following
extract from [32] of _John Ting_ :

The **Arbitrator’s error in overlooking a time limit within which to issue his
award was a very serious error** … Alan Redfern and Martin Hunter with Nigel
Blackaby and Constantine Partasides _Law and Practice of International
Commercial Arbitration_ (Sweet & Maxwell, 4th Ed, 2004) warns at para 8-66:

A limit may be imposed as to the time within which the arbitral tribunal must
make its award. **_When this limit is reached, the authority or mandate of the
arbitral tribunal is at an end_****and it no longer has jurisdiction to make a
valid award…**.

… I am of the view that the statement in _Law and Practice of International
Commercial Arbitration_ , quoted above, is the correct analysis.

[emphasis in original in bold italics; emphasis added in bold]

55 The holding in _John Ting_ is confined only to breaches of agreed time
limits for the issuance of the award because such breaches have critical
implications on the _mandate_ of the tribunal. _John Ting_ does not stand for
the general proposition that the failure to comply with _any_ procedural
requirement _ipso facto_ means that an award is issued without jurisdiction
and, without more, should be set aside. I should also point out that the
defendant in _John Ting_ actually wrote to the tribunal on 7 April 2004 (long
before the award was released) expressing the view that the time limit for the
making of the award had already expired. Notwithstanding this letter, the
arbitrator in _John Ting_ did not reply and only wrote to the parties one year
later, on 15 April 2005, stating that the award was ready for collection.

56 As regards the delay issue, the 2007 SIAC Rules do not provide for any time
limits for the release of arbitral awards apart from that contained in r 27.1
and Art 3(5) of Schedule 1 (which only applies to domestic arbitrations). As
noted at [20] above, the 45-day time limit provided under r 27.1 does not
begin to run until the Tribunal declares the proceedings closed, which it did
not do in this case. Given this, the assertion that the Award was rendered out
of time (and therefore in breach of the parties’ agreed procedure) simply
cannot stand.

57 If one looks at the institutional rules of other arbitral institutions, it
is clear that time limits, where they exist, are expressed in very clear
terms. To take two examples, Art 24(1) of the International Chamber of
Commerce Arbitration Rules 1998 (“1998 ICC Rules”) states:

The **time limit within which the Arbitral Tribunal must render its final
Award is six months. Such time limit shall start to run from the date of the
last signature by the Arbitral Tribunal or by the parties of the Terms of
Reference** or, in the case of application of Article 18(3), the date of the
notification to the Arbitral Tribunal by the Secretariat of the approval of
the Terms of Reference by the Court.

[emphasis added in bold]

Rule 46 of the International Centre for the Settlement of Investment Disputes
Rules 2006 (“2006 ICSID Rules”) provides:

**The award (including any individual or dissenting opinion) shall be drawn up
and signed within 120 days after closure of the proceeding.** The Tribunal
may, however, extend this period by a further 60 days if it would otherwise be
unable to draw up the award.

[emphasis added in bold]

58 It also bears mention that, when the 2007 SIAC Rules were issued, only the
rules of three major arbitral institutions provided for mandatory time limits
for the release of awards: the 1998 ICC Rules, the 2006 ICSID Rules, and the
London Maritime Arbitrators Association Terms 2006 (“2006 LMAA Rules”). This
was in keeping with the prevailing wisdom at that time that it was preferable
not to prescribe a time limit for the release of an award for it merely gives
intransigent parties an opportunity to frustrate the arbitration through the
use of delaying tactics until compliance with the time limit becomes
impossible (see Alan Redfern, Martin Hunter, Nigel Blackaby and Constantine
Partasides, _Law and Practice of International Commercial Arbitration_ (Sweet
& Maxwell, 4th Ed, 2004) at para 8-68)). In fact, as recently as in 2012,
Professor Gary B. Born was able to comment that most institutional rules do
not contain time limits for the release of arbitral awards and that those
which do, such as the 1998 ICC Rules and the 2006 LMAA Rules, formed the
exception rather than the rule (see Gary B. Born, _International Arbitration:
Law and Practice_ (Kluwer Law International, 2012) at p 292).

59 Since 2012, however, many arbitral institutions have updated their rules
and, in the latest round of updates, more institutions have introduced time
limits for the release of awards where none existed previously. Some notable
examples include the American Arbitration Association – International
Commercial Dispute Resolution Arbitration Rules 2014, which provides that an
award is to be released no later than 60 days from the closing of the hearing
and the Japan Commercial Arbitration Association Rules 2014, which provides
that an award shall be made within three months of the appointment of the
arbitrator. This is a relatively recent phenomenon. However, what is clear is
that in each of the arbitral institutions where time limit is imposed, such
time limits are expressly prescribed by its arbitral rules.

60 In summary, the issuance of the Award is not tainted by the breach of any
procedure agreed upon by the parties under the 2007 SIAC Rules.

Public policy

61 Article 34(2)(_b_)(ii) of the Model Law provides that an award may be set
aside if it is in conflict with public policy. In _PT Asuransi Jasa Indonesia
(Persero) v Dexia Bank SA_ [2007] 1 SLR(R) 597 (“ _PT Asuransi_ ”) at [59],
the Court of Appeal made it clear that it is only in exceptional cases where
the “upholding of an arbitral award would _‘shock the conscience_ ’ …, or is ‘
_clearly injurious to the public good’_ or … ‘ _wholly offensive_ to the
ordinary reasonable and fully informed member of the public’ …, or where it
_violates the forum’s most basic notion of morality and justice_ ” [emphasis
added] that it would be set aside on the grounds of public policy. However,
despite the very high threshold that has been set, public policy, together
with the rules of natural justice, still appear to be the last refuge of the
desperate, as far as applications to set aside arbitral awards are concerned.
This case is no exception.

62 The plaintiff argues that “an act of the arbitral Tribunal which is
contrary to the agreement of the parties [_ie_ , r 27.1] is against the public
policy of Singapore… [and] must ‘shock the conscience’ or is ‘clearly
injurious to the public good’ or [is] ‘wholly offensive to the ordinary
reasonable and fully informed member of the public’ or ‘violates the forum’s
most basic notion of morality and justice.’”[note: 27] To put it mildly, there
is more than a bit of hyperbole in that statement. In essence, the plaintiff’s
submission is that all breaches of agreed procedure are, _ipso facto_ ,
contrary to public policy. This argument is deeply flawed because it
completely ignores what _public policy_ is intended to capture: matters of
_general_ – rather than particular – interest. The procedural breach
complained of is one that governs only the conduct of the arbitration _inter
se_ and does not have wider public ramifications. I do not see how this is an
issue which engages the interests of the wider community or one which rises to
the level of gravity that the notion of “public policy” contemplates.

63 The plaintiff also argues that “Singapore’s public policy demands that any
arbitration and its award are presented in a fair and expeditious manner” and
that the delay of 19 months in this case constitutes a violation of public
policy. With respect, the plaintiff’s argument is misconceived. It trades on a
conflation of the concept of _public interest_ with that of _public policy_.
The public interest is the wider concept. It embraces everything that is
conducive to the public good ranging from the comparatively minor (clean
streets) to the vital (a robust criminal justice system). An innumerable
number of things could be described as not being in the public interest.
However, the concept of “public policy” in the context of the setting aside of
an arbitral award, as noted at [61] above, is much narrower. Violations of
“public policy” only encompass those acts which are so egregious that
elementary notions of morality have been transgressed. While delay in the
release of an arbitral award might not necessarily be in the public interest,
it cannot, in itself without more, constitute a violation of public policy.

64 In _Hong Huat Development Co (Pte) Ltd v Hiap Hong & Co Pte Ltd_ [2000] 1
SLR(R) 510 (“ _Hong Huat_ ”), the court had to consider whether an arbitral
award that was released more than ten years after the hearings had concluded
should be set aside. The Court of Appeal held that the delay, while “grossly
inordinate” and apt to “undermine faith in arbitration”, was not, _per se_ , a
sufficient basis for setting aside an award which had already been rendered
(see _Hong Huat_ at [57]). The Court of Appeal observed that the aggrieved
party ought to have taken action – prior to the issuance of the award – to
remove the arbitrator pursuant to s 18 of the Arbitration Act (Cap 10, 1985
Rev Ed). Having elected not to do anything, it had to live by its decision.

65 If a ten year gap between the end of the hearings and the release of the
award was not a sufficient basis for setting aside an award then, _a fortiori_
, a 19-month delay cannot be a sufficient basis for setting aside the award.
If the delay were truly intolerable, the plaintiff ought to have applied under
Art 14 of the Model Law for the mandate of the arbitrator to be terminated
_before_ the Award was released. However, it did not do so. It is only making
the argument now because the Award that was issued was adverse to the
plaintiff and not because of any delay. As bluntly observed by the court in
_Hong Huat_ at [57], an application at this late stage “smacks of the
[plaintiffs]… saying, set it aside because it is not in our favour.”

Natural justice

66 In _Soh Beng Tee_ , the Court of Appeal held at [29] that a party seeking
to set aside an arbitral award as having contravened the rules of natural
justice has to show the following:

(a)

which rule of natural justice was breached;

(b)

how it was breached;

(c)

in what way the breach was connected to the making of the award; and

(d)

how the breach prejudiced its rights.

67 As noted in _Soh Beng Tee_ at [43], the rules of natural justice are
encapsulated in the two Latin maxims _audi alteram partem_ and _nemo judex in
causa sua_. The former guarantees the right to be heard while the latter
provides that adjudicators must be unbiased and disinterested. The plaintiff
argues that “[t]he failure to declare the closure of the arbitral proceeding
[sic] coupled with the inordinate delay in submitting the draft Final Award to
the SIAC are obvious procedural irregularities. As a result, the arbitration
proceeding was unnecessarily delayed and prolonged.” During the oral hearing
before me, Mr Gabriel cited the decision of the Court of Appeal in _LW
Infrastructure Pte Ltd v Lim Chin San Contractors Pte Ltd and another appeal_
[2013] 1 SLR 125 (“ _LW Infrastructure_ ”) and argued that the Tribunal ought
to have invited parties to submit on its failure to comply with r 27.1 before
issuing the award. Mr Gabriel submitted that the Tribunal’s failure to invite
submissions to address the r 27.1 issue was tantamount to a denial of the
plaintiff’s right to be heard.[note: 28]

68 I have difficulty following Mr Gabriel’s argument. The gist of his
submission is that the plaintiff had not been given the chance – _before_ the
award was issued – to submit that the award should not be issued. However, the
problem with this submission is that before the Award was released, there
could not, by definition, have been any breach of r 27.1. Furthermore, the
Tribunal had no reason to believe, at the time it issued the Award, that there
was anything procedurally improper over which it ought to have invited
submissions. The plaintiff seems to be suggesting that every tribunal should
always, prior to releasing an award, invite submissions on why the award
should not be released. This suggested practice – of inviting prophylactic
submissions to forestall criticisms of a breach of natural justice – is
seriously misconceived.

69 The case of _LW Infrastructure_ does not assist the plaintiff. _LW
Infrastructure_ concerned a domestic arbitration over a dispute arising from a
construction contract. The Arbitrator, having found for the defendant, awarded
post-award interest on the judgment sum. The defendant then wrote to the
tribunal to seek a supplemental award for pre-award interest as well. This
request was made pursuant to s 43(4) of the Arbitration Act (Cap 10, 2002 Rev
Ed) (“s 43(4)”) which states that “a party may, within 30 days of receipt of
the award and _upon notice to the other party_ , request the arbitral tribunal
to make an additional award as to claims presented during the arbitration
proceedings but omitted from the award” [emphasis added]. The tribunal did so
three days later by issuing a supplemental award ordering that a further sum
of S$274,114.61 (representing pre-award interest) be paid. The plaintiff
protested immediately and applied to set aside the award on the basis that
there had been a breach of natural justice since it had not been given an
opportunity to be heard on the applicability of s 43(4). The Court of Appeal,
in accepting this argument and setting aside the award, held that the phrase
“upon notice to the other party” in s 43(4) encompassed within it the
requirement that the opposing party be afforded an opportunity to tender
submissions on whether a supplemental award should be rendered under s 43(4).
The tribunal’s failure to invite submissions on this issue constituted a
breach of the rules of natural justice.

70 As is clear, the decision of the Court of Appeal in _LW Infrastructure_
turned on the particular wording of s 43(4). In that case, it was clear that
the plaintiff had a right to be heard before a supplemental award (which
increased the appellant’s liability) could be issued. However, the plaintiff
does not – under the 2007 SIAC Rules – have a corresponding right to be heard
before the Tribunal makes a decision on whether it ought to declare the
proceedings closed before releasing the Award. As I have pointed out at [32]
above, no version of the SIAC Rules imposes a duty on the tribunal to consult
the parties on whether proceedings should be closed. The closest – the
2010/2013 SIAC Rules – only provides that _if_ a tribunal wants to declare the
proceedings closed it must first consult the parties on whether they have any
evidence to tender or submissions to make. However, the 2010/2013 SIAC Rules
do not impose a duty of consultation if the tribunal does not intend to
declare the proceedings closed. In the circumstances, I hold that the
plaintiff has not succeeded in showing a breach of natural justice so its
application under s 24(b) fails _in limine_.

71 Furthermore, I am not convinced that the plaintiff has successfully shown
that he has been prejudiced. In _LW Infrastructure_ at [54], the Court of
Appeal held that, where a court wants to consider whether prejudice has arisen
from a denial of the right to a fair hearing,

… [T]he real inquiry is whether the breach of natural justice was merely
technical and inconsequential or whether as a result of the breach, the
arbitrator was denied the benefit of arguments or evidence that had a real as
opposed to a fanciful chance of making a difference to his deliberations. Put
another way, the issue is whether the material _could reasonably_ have made a
difference to the arbitrator; rather than whether it _would necessarily_ have
done so. [emphasis in original]

The key here is that the prejudice shown must relate to the _outcome of the
present arbitration_.

72 In the instant case, the plaintiff asserts three heads of prejudice: first,
that its intended arbitration against Noble (which it had yet to initiate,
pending the release of the Award) might be met with the defence of
prescription/laches; second, that, due to the delay, it would have difficulty
locating witnesses for the arbitration against Noble; and third, that it was
made liable to pay a large sum in interest as a result of the delay in the
release of the Award.[note: 29] The first two reasons have nothing to do with
the outcome of the _present_ arbitration. In any case, there is no reason why
the plaintiff need have waited until the conclusion of this arbitration before
taking action against Noble since any contemplated action Noble would involve
different parties and different contracts. Any prejudice suffered by the
plaintiff as a result of its own decision (which has not been proved) is not
causally connected with this arbitration. The final reason – the payment of
the additional interest – is a _consequence_ of the outcome of the arbitration
rather than a factor which would have affected its outcome. Furthermore, as
pointed out by the court in _Hong Huat_ at [59], for as long as the Award had
not been rendered, the plaintiffs would have had use of the money and could
have invested it profitably. Thus, the plaintiff cannot assert that it had
been prejudiced by the imposition of interest for the period of time during
which the Award was outstanding.

73 The plaintiff’s remaining argument is grounded on the assertion that the
19-month delay in the issuance of the Award is a procedural irregularity that
amounts to a breach of natural justice. The plaintiff has not identified which
particular rule of natural justice has been infringed in this case and I do
not see how the rules of natural justice have been breached here. First, I do
not see how the delay could have impaired the plaintiff’s right to a fair
hearing. The plaintiff calculates the delay in terms of the lapse of time
between the date the parties’ filed their final submissions (in August 2012)
and the date of the release of the Award (in March 2014). Given that the Award
was prepared on the basis of the submissions of the parties – all of which had
already been tendered by August 2012 – there is no possibility that the
plaintiff had been prejudiced in the preparation of its case. It is not the
case that the plaintiff had applied for, but had been refused leave, to adduce
additional evidence after August 2012. Second, I do not see how dilatoriness
on the part of the Tribunal can be evidence of bias. As noted by this court in
_PT Central Investindo_ at [68], delay in the release of an award affects both
parties equally. Thus, it is difficult to envision how an inference of bias
can be drawn against a tribunal on the basis of dilatoriness in the release of
an award.

74 In short, I find that there was no rule of natural justice was breached.
Further, I am not convinced that the plaintiff has successfully shown the
requisite prejudice required to justify the setting aside of the Award on the
basis of a breach of natural justice.

Conclusion

75 I find that the issuance of the Award was in accordance with the parties’
agreement and that there is no basis under either public policy or the rules
of natural justice for the Award to be set aside. In the premises, I dismiss
the plaintiff’s application.

Costs

76 Taking into account the novelty of the issues before me and the arguments
and authorities submitted by both counsel, I award the defendant costs fixed
at $20,000 inclusive of disbursements. This award of costs is also consistent
with the parties’ submissions on costs. It leaves me to thank both counsel for
their able assistance in the presentation of their respective cases.

* * *

[note: 1]Plaintiff’s Outline Submissions dated 30 December 2014 (“Plaintiff’s
Outline Submissions”) at [3].

[note: 2]Plaintiff’s Outline Submissions at [4]; Defendant’s Written
Submissions dated 7 January 2015 at [6].

[note: 3]Final Award in the matter of _GHCL Limited v Coal & Oil Company LLC_
(SIAC Arb No. 59 of 2009/CV) (“The Award”) at [3].

[note: 4]The Award at [6].

[note: 5]The Award at [14(g)].

[note: 6]The Award at [85].

[note: 7]The Award at [43].

[note: 8]The Award at [50].

[note: 9]The Award at [51].

[note: 10]The Award at [52].

[note: 11]The Award at [7].

[note: 12]Plaintiff’s Outline Submissions at [5]; Defendant’s Written
Submissions at [10].

[note: 13]The Award at [138].

[note: 14]OS 538/2014 at [1]; Plaintiff’s Outline Submissions at [6a]

[note: 15]OS 538/2014 at [2] and [3]; Plaintiff’s Outline Submissions at [6b]

[note: 16]OS 538/2014 at [4]

[note: 17]Notes of Evidence dated 20 January 2015 at p 3.

[note: 18]Plaintiff’s Outline Submissions at [45].

[note: 19]Defendant’s Written Submissions at [44].

[note: 20]Plaintiff’s Outline Submissions at [11]–[12].

[note: 21]Defendant’s Written Submissions at [82]–[85].

[note: 22]Defendant’s Written Submissions at [83].

[note: 23]Plaintiff’s Outline Submissions at [12].

[note: 24]Plaintiff’s Outline Submissions at [6(b)(i)].

[note: 25]Notes of Evidence dated 20 January 2015 at p 2, lines 13–25.

[note: 26]Plaintiff’s Outline Submissions at [15].

[note: 27]Plaintiff’s Outline Submissions at [37].

[note: 28]Notes of Evidence dated 20 January 2015 at p 3, lines 1–4;
Plaintiff’s Oral Submissions – Bullet Points at [30]–[31].

[note: 29]Plaintiff’s Outline Submissions at [40]–[41].

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 12 Mar 2015 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

