Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Ishak bin Abdul Kadir _v_ Khoo Hui Ying  
[2015] SGHC 181

Case Number| :| Originating Summons No 1208 of 2013  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 14 July 2015  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Lee Seiu Kin J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Kishan Pillay s/o Rajapoal Pillay (TSMP Law Corporation)
for the plaintiff; Irving Choh, Lim Bee Li and Melissa Kor (Optimus Chambers
LLC) for the defendant.  
Parties| :|  Ishak bin Abdul Kadir — Khoo Hui Ying  
  
14 July 2015|  
---|---  
  
Lee Seiu Kin J:

1 In this originating summons, the plaintiff sought the following substantial
orders:

(a) A declaration that the property known as 33 Keppel Bay View, #07-98
Reflections at Keppel Bay, Singapore 098419 (“the Property”) is held by the
plaintiff and the defendant as beneficial tenants in common in the following
shares: plaintiff: 98.986% and defendant: 1.014%.

(b) Alternatively, a declaration that the Property is held by the plaintiff
and the defendant as beneficial tenants in common in such shares as the court
shall determine.

2 On 20 April 2015, after cross examination of the parties and hearing
submissions by their counsel, I made the following orders:

(a) The defendant shall be entitled to a half-share of the net profit from the
sale of the property known as 21 Oxford Road, #18-04 Oxford Suites, Singapore
218817 (“the Oxford Suites Net Profit”).

(b) The Oxford Suites Net Profit is calculated at S$127,873.81. Accordingly,
the defendant’s half-share of the Oxford Suites Net Profit to be paid by the
plaintiff to the defendant amounts to $63,936.91.

(c) The plaintiff shall refund to the defendant’s Central Provident Fund
(“CPF”) Ordinary Account, her monies applied towards the purchase of the
Property including accrued interest. The sum to be refunded by the plaintiff
shall be in accordance with the amount stated in the CPF redemption statement
as furnished by the CPF Board, computed as at the date of completion of the
redemption.

(d) Upon the plaintiff’s performance of his obligations under paras (b) and
(c) above, the defendant shall immediately transfer to the plaintiff all of
her interest in the Property.

(e) The defendant shall take all steps necessary for the procurement of the
CPF redemption statement referred to in para (c) above, and the transfer of
her interest in the Property referred to in para (d) above.

(f) The costs of this application (inclusive of disbursements) are fixed at
S$8,000 to be paid by the plaintiff to the defendant.

(g) Parties are at liberty to apply for further consequential orders.

3 The plaintiff has filed a notice of appeal on 20 May 2015 and I now give my
written grounds of decision.

The undisputed facts

4 Sometime between late 2009 and early 2010, the plaintiff and defendant
became lovers. The defendant moved in with the plaintiff who had a room in his
parents’ HDB flat. Their relationship broke down sometime in the middle of
2012. At the material time the plaintiff worked as an engineer with a monthly
salary of around $7,000 to $8,000, taking home about $6,000 to $7,000.

5 In 2010, the property known as 21 Oxford Road #18-04, Oxford Suites,
Singapore 218817 (“Oxford Property”) was purchased for $800,000. It was
registered in the names of the parties as joint tenants. They obtained a loan
of 90% of the purchase price from CIMB Bank as joint mortgagors. The balance
was paid for by cash from the plaintiff and funds from the parties’ CPF
accounts. The defendant’s only direct contribution towards the purchase was
the sum of $15,319.14 from her CPF account. Stamp duty and other fees
amounting to $18,600 were paid by the plaintiff.

6 The parties lived together in the Oxford Property from the time it was
purchased until it was sold in January 2012. The sale price was $990,000.
After repayment of the bank loan and refunding the CPF accounts of the
parties, the balance sum of $213,548.71 was paid into the plaintiff’s UOB bank
account.

7 The sale and purchase agreement for the Property, at the price of $1.568m,
was signed on 3 February 2012. It was registered in the names of the parties
as joint tenants. A loan for 80% of the purchase price was obtained from UOB
by the parties as joint mortgagors. The remainder 20%, amounting to $313,600,
was paid using the parties’ CPF funds and cash as follows:

(a) plaintiff’s CPF: $46,100;

(b) defendant’s CPF: $15,900;

(c) cash: $251,600.

8 Stamp duty and other legal fees were also paid in cash. The defendant’s only
direct contribution came from her CPF although she claimed a half share in the
balance cash sum of $213,548.71 from the sale of the Oxford Property.

9 After completion, the parties moved into the Property together with the
plaintiff’s parents. However their relationship broke down a few months after
that and they decided to end their liaison. The defendant moved out of the
Property sometime in mid-2012.

The disputed facts

10 The plaintiff’s position was that he had intended to purchase a property in
November 2011 for him to reside with his parents. At the time his relationship
with the defendant was serious and they had discussed marriage and he had
intended for the defendant to reside with him in that property. After viewing
a number of apartments, he settled on the Property. The plaintiff had intended
to pay for the Property using his own funds as his main intention was to
provide a home for him and his parents. However he decided, as an expression
of love for the defendant, to include her name as co-owner of the Property. He
elaborated in cross-examination that this was to demonstrate his commitment
and to assure her of his intentions towards her. The plaintiff said that he
was not aware of the implications of holding the Property as joint tenants. He
said that he had sufficient funds to pay for the Property but “it was decided
that the Defendant would contribute whatever funds she could from her CPF
Ordinary Account” as this was a practical thing to do as the money would
otherwise be idle.

11 The defendant’s narrative went further back in time. Her position was that
around January 2010, the plaintiff’s father was in arrears of monthly
instalments of about $700 for the latter’s HDB flat. This was because he
earned a low income as a driver, had no CPF contribution and was getting on in
age. The plaintiff had the option of becoming co-owner of the flat in which
case he could use his CPF contribution to pay the monthly instalment. However
this option did not appeal to him as the plaintiff wanted to live on his own
in a private property. In the end, the plaintiff’s parents sold their flat and
moved into their daughter’s flat. The defendant helped the plaintiff to look
for a suitable property, settling on the Oxford Property for which he paid
$8,000 option fee. However the plaintiff only had $45,000 in cash, which would
require him to borrow 90% of the purchase price of the Oxford Property. The
plaintiff was unable to obtain in-principle approval from the banks he applied
to for the loan as his income was insufficient. The plaintiff asked the
defendant to be a co-borrower in order for him to be able to obtain the 90%
financing. The plaintiff made the following offer to the defendant: he would
make all payments for the property, including the loan, property tax and
maintenance, and she would contribute in terms of utility bills and broadband
subscription. They would hold the property as joint tenants and in the event
of severance, they would share the proceeds equally. The defendant agreed and
they completed the purchase of the Oxford Property on this basis. The
defendant claimed that she kept to her part of the bargain by making payments
to SP Services for utilities and Singtel for broadband charges. The defendant
said that the plaintiff subsequently decided to upgrade to a larger apartment
(the Oxford Property had only one bedroom) because he needed to house his
parents. The plaintiff decided to buy the Property and they sold the Oxford
Property. The defendant said that around this time their relationship was
turning sour. She had wanted to withdraw her half share of the profit from the
sale of the Oxford Property which she said amounted to $106,774.35. However
this would have meant that the plaintiff would not have enough cash to
complete the purchase of the Property. The defendant said that in view of her
good relationship with the plaintiff’s parents, she permitted the money to be
used for the purchase. The defendant said that she came to an oral agreement
with the plaintiff that should their relationship come to an end, she would
not lay claim to her half share of the Property if the plaintiff paid her her
half share of the proceeds of sale of the Oxford Property.

My findings of fact

12 For the reasons that follow, I prefer the defendant’s version to that of
the plaintiff.

13 In the first affidavit filed in support of this originating summons, the
plaintiff did not mention the Oxford Property at all. It was only after the
defendant filed her affidavit which provided the full background that the
plaintiff provided the complete narrative in his reply affidavit. It would
appear that the reasons he gave for including the defendant as joint tenant in
relation to the Property would also apply to her being a joint tenant in the
Oxford Property.

14 The plaintiff claimed that part of the reason for the breakup was because
the defendant could not stand his parents. However the defendant had given
evidence of text messages which showed that she got on well with his parents.
There was even an instance after they broke up when she agreed to meet with
the plaintiff and his parents for a meal and the plaintiff said that his
mother would be very happy about that.

15 The plaintiff claimed that he had agreed to put the defendant’s name as
joint owner as an expression of his love for her. He said that at the time he
did not know the significance of a joint tenancy. He also said that in any
event, if they were to be married eventually, it would not make a difference.
I found the plaintiff’s explanations to be contradictory. If the plaintiff did
not understand the significance of joint tenancy, then the fact that it would
not make any difference as they would get married eventually would not even
have been considered. This appeared to be a submission after the fact rather
than something he had actually thought about at the time.

16 The plaintiff said that he did not need the defendant’s CPF funds as he had
sufficient funds because he could have borrowed money from his father who had
just sold his HDB flat. The plaintiff explained that he had used the
defendant’s CPF funds only because it seemed a convenient thing to do. However
he did not provide any evidence that his father had sufficient money to lend
to him. The defendant’s position was that the plaintiff did not have
sufficient funds to make the down payment. Further he was not able to procure
a bank loan on his own and required the defendant to be a co-borrower, having
been rejected for a loan by some banks. On the plaintiff’s version, the
defendant had agreed to use her CPF funds, and risked losing it if the
property value fell, purely out of love.

17 When asked why he agreed to registering as joint tenants, the plaintiff
said that he did not know its implications. He said that the intention was
that the defendant would have no share in either property. He was then shown a
form entitled “Manner of Holding” in relation to the Property that he and the
defendant both signed sometime in November 2012. This form explained the
nature of joint tenancy and tenancy in common. They had both opted for joint
tenancy. The plaintiff’s explanation for this was that he had no recollection
of this form as everything happened quickly in the lawyer’s office. However
the form required the parties to elect the manner of holding and gave a
detailed explanation of the nature of both types of holdings. The plaintiff is
a university graduate and the simple language in the form could not have
eluded him. In any event the solicitor was available to advise him if he had
any doubt. There was no reason for the plaintiff not to elect tenancy in
common if that was what he had intended all along.

18 It must be remembered that the parties were in a domestic relationship at
the time. The defendant had lent her name to procure the bank loan and had
used her CPF funds to pay for both properties, which were registered in both
their names as joint tenants.

19 I should also add that I found the plaintiff to be evasive, both in the
manner in which he had attempted to put his case initially by not providing
the court with the complete picture, and in his answers in cross-examination.
The defendant on the other hand had set out in her affidavit a complete and
consistent narrative, supported by documentary evidence where she could.

20 For the reasons above I found the version of the defendant to be the
truthful one. The defendant’s position was that they had agreed that, should
they break up, the plaintiff would repay her share of the net profits from
Oxford Property. I therefore found that the defendant has an interest in the
Property to the extent of her share of the net profit from the Oxford
Property. Taking into consideration the parties’ CPF contributions, I assessed
the net profit to be $127,783.81. The defendant’s interest in the Property
therefore amounts to $63,936.91.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 14 Jul 2015 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

