Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Li Suk Fong Susana _v_ Shanghai Commercial Bank Trustee Ltd and another  
[2015] SGHC 152

Case Number| :| Originating Summons No 1186 of 2013 (Summons No 1578 of 2014)  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 10 June 2015  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Choo Han Teck J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Jason Lim Chen Thor, Goh Kok Yeow, and Lim Xinhua (De
Souza Lim & Goh LLP) for the plaintiff; Molly Lim SC, Yap Jie Han and Kam Kai
Qi (Wong Tan & Molly Lim LLC) for the first and second defendants.  
Parties| :|  Li Suk Fong Susana — Shanghai Commercial Bank Trustee Ltd and
another  
  
10 June 2015| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Choo Han Teck J:

1 Mr Lorenz Hennryk Gustav (“the deceased”) was a German national domiciled in
Hong Kong at the time of his death. In his will dated 9 May 2000 (“the Will”),
he appointed the first defendant, Shanghai Commercial Bank Trustee Limited, to
be his trustee and executor over assets located in Germany and the rest of the
world, including Singapore. The second defendant is an employee of the first
defendant and was entrusted to apply for grants of probate and letters of
representation in the various jurisdictions, including Singapore. Under the
Will, the deceased bequeathed all his real and personal properties located
outside of Germany (“the Non-German Residuary estate”) to the plaintiff,
except for a pecuniary gift of one million German marks to a friend of the
deceased, one Mr Gerhard Schoenegge.

2 The plaintiff sought, by way of Originating Summons No 1186 of 2013, for the
transfer of the Singapore estate to the plaintiff as the sole remaining
beneficiary. The parties have since agreed on a draft Order of Court for the
distribution of the estate, save for one issue.

3 This issue arises from the defendants’ application to retain a sum of
S$700,000 to account for trustee’s costs, prior to distributing the Singapore
estate to the plaintiff. There are two types of expenses that the defendants
are claiming for. The first, relates to taxes on the Singapore estate,
comprising of seven real properties and three bank accounts. It states that
“there are taxes to be paid which have not been finalised.” It estimates that
the taxes amount to about S$74,000. The second type of expenses relate to the
administration of remaining estates such as those in New South Wales (“NSW”).
The defendants claim that as the plaintiff has commenced proceedings in NSW
which the defendants are now involved in, considerable costs will be incurred.
The plaintiff has lodged a caveat which allegedly prevents the defendants from
raising cash from the NSW assets, and thus the defendants now seek to use the
Singapore estate to cover its expenses in NSW.

4 The plaintiff objects to this application. It states that the defendants
have not rendered an invoice for the tax returns or assessments in respect of
the Singapore estate. It also argues that the defendants “for the past [eight]
years treated each jurisdiction as wholly exclusive, discrete and
independent”, and hence, each jurisdiction should determine its own costs
issue. It further asserts that a substantial sum of HK$12,650,000 has been
deducted by defendants from the Non-German Residuary Estate. This sum has been
paid to itself as trustees’ fees and expenses, and to date, this has not been
denied by the defendants.

5 A trustee is entitled to be reimbursed expenses which he incurred whilst
executing his duties under the trust. Though the defendants may have
previously treated each jurisdiction as wholly discrete and independent, there
is nothing in the will that prevents the defendants from dealing with the Non-
German Residuary estate as a whole. There is only a separation between the
German estate and the Non-German Residuary estate, with each having different
named beneficiaries. Thus in principle, there does not seem to be anything
that prevents the trustee from claiming expenses incurred in one jurisdiction
of the Non-German Residuary estate, from the estate of another jurisdiction
wherein a caveat may have been lodged.

6 In this case, the problem with the defendant’s application is that it is
unsubstantiated by evidence. The trustee has not proved that these are
expenses which it incurred whilst executing its duties under the trust. No
invoices have been produced in court, even for the taxes which allegedly
amount to S$74,000. In fact, that is the only quantification given by the
defendants, and yet they wish to retain a sum of S$700,000. Further, there is
a lack of specificity in the defendants’ claims in relation to the
administration of the NSW estate. Given that the defendants have not provided
this court with any evidence of the alleged expenses that are outstanding in
respect of the Singapore estate, and the expenses to be incurred in NSW, I am
unable to award the defendants a retention sum of S$700,000 out of the
Singapore estate.

7 Turning to the issue of costs, both parties have relied on O 59 r 6(2) of
the Rules of Court (Cap 332, R 5, 2014 Rev Ed) in their submissions. O 59 r
6(2) states:

Where a person is or has been a party to any proceedings in the capacity of a
trustee, personal representative or mortgagee, he shall, unless the Court
otherwise orders, be entitled to the costs of those proceedings, in so far as
they are not recovered from or paid by any other person, out of the fund held
by the trustee or personal representative or out of the mortgaged property, as
the case may be; and the Court may otherwise order only on the ground that the
trustee, personal representative or mortgagee has acted unreasonably or, in
the case of trustee or personal representative, has in substance acted for his
own benefit rather than for the benefit of the fund.

Counsel for the plaintiff submits that the defendants have acted solely for
their own benefit in refusing to transfer the Singapore estate to the
plaintiff or to accept the termination of the trust, including the decision
not to transfer the Singapore estate based on the risk that they may be sued
by the children of the deceased. As such, Counsel submits that the defendants
are not entitled to any costs out of the Singapore estate “which they had
unjustifiably withheld from the plaintiff since 2012”, and submits for costs
on an indemnity basis. In response, the defendants state that they cannot be
faulted for seeking protection in a Court order so that they are not exposed
to any legal action from the children.

8 In determining whether costs were properly incurred by the defendants in
these proceedings, the defendants must satisfy the court that it has not acted
unreasonably or for their own benefit. In the course of executing the duties,
the defendants claim that they had been advised by its solicitors that the
children of the deceased may have a potential claim against the Non-German
Residuary estate. The defendants thus decided to only distribute the assets
after getting the requisite court direction and orders in the various
jurisdictions in which the assets are situated. The defendants also sought to
notify the children of the intent to distribute the Singapore estate pursuant
to Singapore court directions, so that the children would be bound by the
various orders, thus bringing finality to the administration of the Will. I am
of the view that the defendants have not acted unreasonably and have not acted
for their own benefit rather than for the benefit of the fund, and the
plaintiff has not provided me with any reason to find otherwise. I thus allow
the defendants to recover costs of this action and the applications herein
from the trust fund. The quantum of costs is to be determined at a later date,
if parties are unable to agree.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 10 Jun 2015 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

