Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Goik Soon Guan _v_ Public Prosecutor  
[2015] SGHC 31

Case Number| :| Magistrate's Appeal No 209 of 2013  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 30 January 2015  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Chao Hick Tin JA  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Zaminder Singh Gill (Hillborne Law LLC) for the
appellant; Sanjna Rai and Goh Yi Ling (Attorney-General's Chambers) for the
respondent.  
Parties| :|  Goik Soon Guan — Public Prosecutor  
  
30 January 2015|  
---|---  
  
Chao Hick Tin JA:

Introduction

1 This was an appeal by Goik Soon Guan (“the Appellant”) against the decision
of the district judge (“the DJ”) in _Public Prosecutor v Goik Soon Guan_
[2013] SGDC 301 (“the GD”). The Appellant faced 16 charges under s 49(_c_) of
the Trade Marks Act (Cap 332, 2005 Rev Ed) (“the TMA”) and s 136(2)(_b_) of
the Copyright Act (Cap 63, 2006 Rev Ed) (“the CA”) for the infringement of
intellectual property rights. He pleaded guilty and was convicted of four
charges, namely, the second, fourth, 11th and 14th charges (collectively, “the
proceeded charges”). The remaining 12 charges were taken into consideration
for the purposes of sentencing. The Appellant was sentenced to a total of 15
months’ imprisonment with effect from 5 September 2013.

2 The Appellant appealed against the sentence, submitting that it was
manifestly excessive. After hearing submissions from both the Appellant and
the Prosecution, I allowed the appeal by reducing the sentence imposed for the
second charge from 12 to six months’ imprisonment. I did not, however, vary
the sentences imposed by the DJ for the rest of the proceeded charges. This
led to a reduction of the Appellant’s global sentence from 15 to nine months’
imprisonment. I gave brief oral grounds at the hearing, and now set out my
detailed grounds of decision. For convenience, I shall hereafter use the term
“infringing articles” to denote the goods and/or articles which are the
subject of offences under s 49(_c_) of the TMA and s 136(2)(_b_) of the CA.

The facts

3 The facts of the case are set out in the Statement of Facts dated 17 August
2013, which the Appellant, a 43-year-old male Singaporean with no known
antecedents, admitted to without qualification. At all material times, the
Appellant was in the business of selling bedding products under the business
name of “Jacky G Trading”.

4 Sometime in 2009, the Appellant rented a shop at Block 18 Toa Payoh Lorong 7
#01-256 (“Unit 256”), which he used to sell bedding products such as bed
sheets, mattresses, pillows and bolsters. These bedding products (referred to
hereafter as “Infringing Articles”) were infringing articles in that they
either: (a) carried the trade marks of well-known brands which had been
falsely applied by the Appellant (see s 49 of the TMA); or (b) featured
infringing copies of copyright-protected artistic works (_ie_ , copies of
copyright-protected artistic works made in breach of the copyright in the
respective works). The well-known brands involved included, _inter alia_ ,
Disney, Hello Kitty, Doraemon, Thomas and Friends as well as Manchester United
Football Club. At the time, the Appellant obtained the Infringing Articles
from Guangzhou, China, through an agent who would ship the articles to
Singapore.

5 Sometime in October 2010, the Appellant rented a second shop at Block 18 Toa
Payoh Lorong 7 #01-260 (“Unit 260”) for a fee of $100,000 plus a monthly
rental of $2,700. Thereafter, he used Unit 260 to sell Infringing Articles and
Unit 256 for storage. The Appellant also operated his business at temporary
makeshift stalls at night markets and outside shops situated in heartland
areas. He would typically rent the space for these temporary stalls from shop
owners at a rental fee ranging from $30 to $80 per half day, depending on
human traffic. The Appellant employed one driver and four sales assistants to
assist him in delivering and selling Infringing Articles.

6 From about September 2010 to July 2011, the Appellant also supplied
Infringing Articles to his uncle, one Lau Teck Chee (“Lau”). Lau would obtain
the articles from the Appellant’s shop at Unit 260 and sell them at makeshift
stalls at morning markets. According to the Appellant in his mitigation plea,
he supplied Infringing Articles at cost price to his uncle, who was jobless
and needed money to support his family.

7 On 13 July 2011, officers from the Intellectual Property Rights Branch of
the Criminal Investigation Department carried out raids at Unit 260 and Unit
256, as well as on a motor lorry with Registration No GQ7413Z driven by the
Appellant’s driver and a motor lorry with Registration No GW2951M driven by
Lau. In total, 8,957 Infringing Articles were seized following these raids.
Representatives of the respective trade mark/copyright owners confirmed that
the Infringing Articles were counterfeit.

The proceeded charges

8 Of the proceeded charges, the second charge was under s 49(_c_) of the TMA
(hereafter referred to as “the TMA charge”); the fourth and 11th charges were
under s 136(2)(_b_) of the CA; and the 14th charge was under s 136(2)(_b_) of
the CA read with s 109 of the Penal Code (Cap 224, 2008 Rev Ed) (“the PC”).
The details of these charges and the sentence imposed by the DJ for each
charge are as follows:

Charge |  Offence |  No. of articles |  Sentence imposed  
---|---|---|---  
Second charge |  Possession, for trade purposes, of infringing articles to which a registered trade mark is falsely applied (s 49(_c_) of the TMA) |  3,015 |  12 months’ imprisonment (consecutive)  
Fourth charge |  Possession of infringing articles for the purpose of distributing them for trade (s 136(2)(_b_) of the CA) |  2,701 |  3 months’ imprisonment (consecutive)  
11th charge |  Possession of infringing articles for the purpose of distributing them for trade (s 136(2)(_b_) of the CA) |  256 |  1 month’s imprisonment  
14th charge |  Abetment in the possession of infringing articles for the purpose of distributing them for trade (s 136(2)(_b_) of the CA read with s 109 of the PC) |  443 |  1 month’s imprisonment  
  
  

9 The prescribed punishment for an offence under s 49(_c_) of the TMA (a “s
49(_c_) TMA offence”) is:

… a fine not exceeding $10,000 for each goods or thing to which the trade mark
is falsely applied (but not exceeding in the aggregate $100,000) or …
imprisonment for a term not exceeding 5 years or … both.

10 The prescribed punishment for an offence under s 136(2)(_b_) of the CA is:

… a fine not exceeding $10,000 for the article or for each article in respect
of which the offence was committed or $100,000, whichever is the lower, or …
imprisonment for a term not exceeding 5 years or to both.

The decision below

11 In the GD, the DJ first noted (at [10]) that in _Ong Ah Tiong v Public
Prosecutor_ [2004] 1 SLR(R) 587 (“ _Ong Ah Tiong_ ”), the sentencing tariff
upheld by Yong Pung How CJ for a s 49(_c_) TMA offence was at least 12 months’
imprisonment for offences involving 1,000 or more infringing articles. The DJ
also noted (at [11]) the legislative intention behind the punishment
provisions for trade mark infringements as stated in _Ong Ah Tiong_ at [22].

12 The following aggravating factors were considered by the DJ (see the GD at
[12]–[14]):

(a) the substantial number of Infringing Articles involved under the proceeded
charges and the remaining 12 charges which were taken into account for
sentencing purposes (_viz_ , 8,957 Infringing Articles);

(b) the “well planned” and “large scale” nature of the Appellant’s offences;

(c) the number of charges taken into consideration for sentencing purposes
(_viz_ , 12 charges); and

(d) the fact that the Infringing Articles covered a wide variety of bedding
products and were sold at various locations.

13 With regard to the mitigating factors tendered by the Defence, the DJ
appeared to reject the Appellant’s submission that the Infringing Articles had
been sold at a low price, stating that the Appellant had nevertheless
committed “a transgression of the original trade mark and copyright goods”
(see the GD at [14]). The DJ also rejected as a mitigating factor the fact
that the Appellant had pleaded guilty, pointing out (likewise at [14] of the
GD) that he had been “caught … dealing with the [Infringing Articles] red
handed [_sic_] and a deterrent sentence [was] warranted”. The DJ did, however,
take into consideration the fact that the Appellant had made compensation of
$100,000 to various trade mark/copyright owners.

14 As a result, the DJ imposed a sentence of 12 months’ imprisonment for the
TMA charge, which he said was in “the lower range of the sentencing benchmark
… for infringement of trade mark offences involving 1000 articles and above”
(see the GD at [14]). For the rest of the proceeded charges, the DJ sentenced
the Appellant as shown in the table at [8] above. The sentences in respect of
the TMA charge and the fourth charge were ordered to run consecutively, making
a global sentence of 15 months’ imprisonment with effect from 5 September
2013.

The parties’ arguments on appeal

15 Before this court, the Appellant argued that his sentence of 15 months’
imprisonment was manifestly excessive in the circumstances.[note: 1] However,
as pointed out by the Prosecution, the Appellant did not make it clear whether
he was dissatisfied with the individual sentences imposed for each of the
proceeded charges or the global sentence of 15 months’ imprisonment.

16 In rebuttal, the Prosecution submitted that the global sentence of 15
months’ imprisonment was not manifestly excessive. It highlighted that the
dominant sentencing principle for intellectual property offences was general
deterrence, and contended that the facts of the present case justified a
sentence based on general deterrence.[note: 2] The Prosecution also argued
that the sentence imposed in respect of each of the proceeded charges (whether
under s 49(_c_) of the TMA or s 136(2)(_b_) of the CA) was not manifestly
excessive, and sought to distinguish cases where the court had imposed a fine
instead of a custodial sentence primarily on the basis that those cases
involved a smaller number of infringing articles and a smaller scale of
operations. Finally, the Prosecution submitted that: (a) the DJ had given
adequate weight to the Appellant’s mitigating factors; and (b) the global
sentence of 15 months’ imprisonment did not breach the “totality principle”
and was appropriate, given the aggravating factors in the present case.

The issue before this court

17 The only issue before me was whether the sentence imposed on the Appellant
was manifestly excessive. After considering the arguments of the parties, I
was satisfied that the sentence imposed in respect of the TMA charge was
manifestly excessive for the reasons which will be elaborated below. I deal,
first, with two preliminary points.

Two preliminary points

Deterrence as the dominant sentencing principle

18 At the outset, I will acknowledge that the Prosecution rightly submitted
that the primary sentencing consideration in cases of trade mark or copyright
infringement is deterrence. Strong intellectual property protection is an
integral component of Singapore’s economic and industrial policy, and is vital
to our economic success. This was recognised right from the start when we
began developing our intellectual property laws. As explained (in the context
of developing copyright law) by Prof S Jayakumar, the then Second Minister for
Law, at the third reading of the Copyright Bill 1986 (Bill 8 of 1986), which
subsequently became the earliest predecessor of what is now the CA (see
_Singapore Parliamentary Debates, Official Report_ (26 January 1987) vol 48 at
col 986):

In the Second Reading speech that I made in May, I was candid enough to
mention that the Bill would also remove a significant source of friction with
our major trading partners, especially the United States. But it would be
wrong if Members of the House felt that the only justification for this Bill
is to take care of this concern with our major trading partners. As with all
legislation, so too the copyright legislation must find its justification in
our national interest. So the question is, does the new Copyright Bill serve
our national interest? I would like to emphasize that it does, because with
the passage of this Bill conditions are created which are advantageous for the
development of our publishing industry, for the growth of our computer
software industry, and for the development of Singapore as an information
centre. With the passage of this Bill, one can expect investors would have
greater incentives to come to Singapore than would have been the case if they
felt that our copyright legislation would jeopardize their interests. And, of
course, the other point which I have mentioned is the removal of the source of
friction with our major trading partners. That is the context in which we must
view the Copyright Bill – that it aids and serves our national interest in the
long run on many fronts.

19 The value of a robust intellectual property protection framework cannot be
overstated as intellectual property continues to increase in strategic
importance against traditional business advantages such as geographical
location and abundance of natural resources. As we strive to develop our
intellectual property laws to suit an increasingly global environment (see,
for example, George Wei, “A Look Back at Public Policy, the Legislature, the
Courts and the Development of Copyright Law in Singapore: Twenty-Five Years
On” (2012) 24 SAcLJ 867, which traces the development of and the many
amendments to our copyright legislation since it was first enacted), it is
crucial that strict measures are enforced so as to send a strong deterrent
message to the public lest these efforts be undermined.

20 That deterrence is the central consideration for copyright and trade mark
infringement offences is also highlighted by the authors of _Sentencing
Practice in the Subordinate Courts_ (LexisNexis, 3rd Ed, 2013) (“ _Sentencing
Practice_ ”) at vol 2, pp 1427 and 1442 respectively. Likewise, this has been
recognised in numerous cases (see, for instance, _Public Prosecutor v Md Hapiz
bin Tahir_ [2007] SGDC 40 at [11]–[14]; _Public Prosecutor v Koh Eng Kian_
[2007] SGDC 166 at [9]–[10] and [14]; and _Public Prosecutor v Kwan Eddy Shu
Kin_ [2005] SGDC 163 (“ _Kwan Eddy_ ”) at [15]). Accordingly, the DJ did not
err in considering that the present case warranted a deterrent sentence (see
the GD at [14]).

21 That having been said, it must be stressed that a deterrent sentence need
not always take the form of a custodial term. In _Public Prosecutor v Cheong
Hock Lai and other appeals_ [2004] 3 SLR(R) 203, Yong CJ stated at [42]:

… [A] deterrent sentence may take the form of a fine if it is high enough to
have a deterrent effect on the offender himself (“specific deterrence”), as
well as others (“general deterrence”).

22 It is also important to bear in mind that the sentence imposed must, at the
end of the day, be fair to the accused, bearing in mind all the relevant
mitigating factors. The principle of proportionality “acts as a counterbalance
to the principles of deterrence, retribution and prevention”, in that “the
sentence must be commensurate with the gravity of the offence, … the sentence
must fit the crime, and … the court should not lose sight of the ‘proportion
which must be maintained between the offence and the penalty and the
extenuating circumstances which might exist’” (see, respectively, _Muhammad
Saiful bin Ismail v Public Prosecutor_ [2014] 2 SLR 1028 at [21] and _Public
Prosecutor v Saiful Rizam bin Assim and other appeals_ [2014] 2 SLR 495 at
[29]).

23 I had earlier made similar observations in _Ong Chee Eng v Public
Prosecutor_ [2012] 3 SLR 776 (“ _Ong Chee Eng_ ”), where I remarked (at [23])
that “the punishment imposed should fit the crime and the criminal”. I also
stated that a practical manifestation of this principle was in the use of
benchmark sentences (at [24]):

The principle of tailoring the punishment to the crime and the criminal also
extends to the use of benchmark sentences. Benchmarks usually arise from the
steady accretion of the decisions of the courts. They are the result of the
practical application of statutory penal laws, but should not be mistaken for
those laws themselves. Benchmarks play a crucial role in achieving some
measure of consistency of punishment. But the principle of treating like cases
alike also means that unlike cases should _not_ be treated alike. The court
must resist an unhesitating application of benchmark sentences without first
thoroughly considering if the particular factual circumstances of a case fall
within the reasonable parameters of the benchmark case. Ultimately, where
Parliament has enacted a range of possible sentences, it is the duty of the
court to ensure that the full spectrum is carefully explored in determining
the appropriate sentence. Where benchmarks harden into rigid formulae which
suggest that only a segment of the possible sentencing range should be applied
by the court, there is a risk that the court might inadvertently usurp the
legislative function. [emphasis in original]

24 It was, therefore, not incorrect of the DJ to take the approach of adopting
a benchmark sentence in coming to his decision. However, I was of the view
that the benchmark sentence which the DJ adopted was inaccurate for the
following reasons.

The sentencing benchmark applied by the DJ

25 In _Ong Ah Tiong_ , the accused (who had no antecedents) was the managing
director of a company selling electronic goods. Pursuant to a raid, more than
25,000 counterfeit PlayStation and Nintendo Gameboy items were seized. The
accused pleaded guilty to three charges under s 49(_c_) of the then version of
the TMA (namely, the Trade Marks Act (Cap 332, 1999 Rev Ed) (“the 1999 Rev Ed
of the TMA”)), with three similar charges taken into consideration for
sentencing purposes. The trial judge imposed custodial terms of ten to 20
months for each of the three charges to which the accused pleaded guilty,
resulting in a global sentence of 32 months’ imprisonment. After reviewing a
number of case precedents, the trial judge concluded (see _Public Prosecutor v
Ong Ah Tiong_ [2003] SGDC 264 at [20]):

… [T]he starting tariff for … offences involving 1,000 infringing articles and
above would attract a sentence of 12 months’ imprisonment and upwards. Whether
the actual sentence is higher or less severe will have to depend on the
circumstances of the case.

The accused appealed against the sentence, but his appeal was ultimately
dismissed by the High Court in _Ong Ah Tiong_.

26 In the present case, the DJ relied on _Ong Ah Tiong_ in holding that as a
benchmark, a sentence of 12 months’ imprisonment and above should be imposed
for s 49(_c_) TMA offences involving 1,000 or more infringing articles. It was
on this basis that the DJ held (at [14] of the GD) that “[t]aking all the
circumstances of the case, the court decided to impose the lower range of the
sentencing benchmark for the charge under the TMA for infringement of trade
mark offences involving 1000 articles and above”, and sentenced the Appellant
to 12 months’ imprisonment for the TMA charge (as mentioned earlier, that
charge involved 3,015 Infringing Articles).

27 With respect, I find that the DJ erred in reaching the above conclusion as
to the benchmark sentence for s 49(_c_) TMA offences. A more detailed scrutiny
of the High Court’s judgment in _Ong Ah Tiong_ will show that Yong CJ _did not
explicitly_ endorse the benchmark sentence of 12 months’ imprisonment and
above adopted by the trial judge. Rather, Yong CJ only stated that the
starting sentence for intellectual property offences should be determined by
reference to the number of infringing articles involved, and that there was
“no ‘hard and fast rule’ with regard to starting tariffs” (at [24]–[25):

24 … The trial judge concluded from his review of the cases that custodial
sentences are the norm unless the quantity of infringing articles is quite
small, which is patently not the case here. **He also determined that the
starting tariff for offences involving 1,000 infringing articles and above is
a sentence of 12 months’ imprisonment and upwards.** The appellant contested
this, arguing that the cases showed that the starting tariff is in fact three
to four months’ imprisonment per charge.

25 I do not think it necessary to reproduce the facts of each case for the
purposes of this judgment. Suffice it to say that, when I considered the cases
as a whole, I did not find any support for the appellant’s contention.
Instead, I noted that a number of these cases had occurred some time [_sic_]
back, and that the trend of the courts, especially the appellate courts, is to
take a progressively more stringent stance on the infringement of intellectual
property rights. Moreover, I am of the view that it is overly simplistic to
determine the sentencing tariff by reference to the jail term awarded per
charge. A charge may deal with just three infringing articles or with
thousands of articles, as in the present case. It would hardly be just for the
starting tariff to remain the same in both situations. **Indeed, justice would
be better served if the starting tariff is determined by reference to the
number of infringing articles involved, which was the approach taken by the
trial judge. Even so, examination of the cases shows that there is no “hard
and fast rule” with regard to starting tariffs, which only goes to emphasise
the point that various decisions made by the courts cannot be taken in
isolation, but that it is still incumbent upon the sentencing court to have
regard to all the circumstances of the case when deciding on the sentence** …

[emphasis added in bold]

28 Although Yong CJ dismissed the appeal in _Ong Ah Tiong_ and upheld the
sentence imposed by the trial judge, his observations above do not inexorably
lead to the conclusion that he thereby endorsed a benchmark sentence of 12
months’ imprisonment and above for s 49(_c_) TMA offences involving 1,000 or
more infringing articles. This is reinforced by the fact that this benchmark
is not plainly evident from the sentence imposed by the trial judge in _Ong Ah
Tiong_ – the sentence imposed in respect of the third charge in that case,
which involved (_inter alia_) some 1,225 pieces of PlayStation 2 game
controllers, was only _ten_ months’ imprisonment, and similarly, the sentence
imposed for the first charge, which involved infringing articles greatly
exceeding 1,000 in number (_viz_ , 8,056 infringing articles), was only 12
months’ imprisonment.

29 A survey of a number of decisions of the State Courts shows that there have
also been other cases of s 49(_c_) TMA offences where, although more than
1,000 infringing articles were involved, less than ten months’ imprisonment
was imposed. For instance, in _Public Prosecutor v Tan Yan Tong_ [2003] SGMC
30 (“ _Tan Yan Tong_ ”), the accused, who was a first-time offender, faced six
charges under s 49(_c_) of the 1999 Rev Ed of the TMA and 24 charges under s
136(2)(_a_) of the then version of the CA for selling more than 4,000 pieces
of counterfeit Sony software. For the first two charges under the 1999 Rev Ed
of the TMA, which concerned 1,532 counterfeit PlayStation CD-ROMs and 1,656
counterfeit PlayStation 2 CD-ROMs respectively, the trial judge imposed a
custodial term of four months’ imprisonment for each charge (the global
sentence was 18 months’ imprisonment). Another example is _Public Prosecutor v
Hong Wing Kam_ [2005] SGDC 198 (“ _Hong Wing Kam_ ”), where the accused
pleaded guilty to two charges of possession, for trade purposes, of infringing
articles and a third charge of abetment by intentionally aiding others in
similar criminal acts. A sentence of seven months’ imprisonment was imposed in
respect of the third charge, which concerned some 1,245 infringing articles
(_viz_ , counterfeit Burberry apparel). To be fair to the DJ, these decisions
were made before or around the same time as the decision in _Ong Ah Tiong_ ,
meaning that the trial judges in these cases did not have the opportunity to
apply _Ong Ah Tiong_. That having been said, these cases, as well as a number
of other cases which will be discussed in detail below, do illustrate, at the
very least, that the sentencing benchmark applied by the DJ was not entirely
consonant with precedents.

30 Specifically, I was satisfied that the DJ erred in holding that there was a
benchmark sentence of 12 months’ imprisonment and above for s 49(_c_) TMA
offences involving 1,000 or more infringing articles. As this was the very
basis upon which the DJ went on to impose the 12-month imprisonment sentence
on the Appellant for the TMA charge, I found that appellate intervention was
warranted (see _Public Prosecutor v Kwong Kok Hing_ [2008] 2 SLR(R) 684 at
[13]–[14]).

My decision

Developing a sentencing framework for s 49(c) TMA offences

31 A survey of the case law shows that the courts have yet to enunciate a
principled approach on the appropriate sentence or sentencing benchmark for s
49(_c_) TMA offences. This is, to some extent, understandable, given the wide
spectrum of facts that can sustain a charge under s 49(_c_) of the TMA.
Therefore, instead of seeking to lay down any sentencing benchmark, it may be
more appropriate to develop a systematic framework which the court can apply
in considering the various facts of a s 49(_c_) TMA offence. In this regard, I
am of the view that the court should: (a) first, consider “the nature and
extent of the infringements, and the manner in which the infringements were
carried out” (as observed in _Ong Ah Tiong_ at [23]); and (b) second, examine
whether there are any other relevant aggravating or mitigating factors. This
approach of developing a sentencing framework for a particular offence is not
a foreign one, and we have in many instances adopted sentencing frameworks for
other offences (see, for example, the sentencing frameworks prescribed for,
respectively, drink driving in _Edwin s/o Suse Nathen v Public Prosecutor_
[2013] 4 SLR 1139 and the smuggling of tobacco products in _Yap Ah Lai v
Public Prosecutor_ [2014] 3 SLR 180 (“ _Yap Ah Lai_ ”)). As observed by
Sundaresh Menon CJ in _Yap Ah Lai_ at [12]:

… The essential value of such a framework is to guide the sentencing judge
towards an appropriate sentence that is generally consistent with sentences
imposed in other like cases; that has due regard to the sentencing range
available to the judge; and of critical importance, that has due regard to the
particular facts that are presented.

I agree with these observations, and adopt a similar approach in deciding the
appropriate sentencing framework for s 49(_c_) TMA offences.

32 The authors of _Sentencing Practice_ (at vol 2, p 1142) identify the
following factors as relevant to the sentence which ought to be imposed in
respect of a s 49(_c_) TMA offence – the quantity of infringing articles
involved, the value of the infringing articles, whether a syndicate was
involved, the duration of the infringement, the role which the offender played
and whether compensation was made. Having examined the precedents, in my
judgment, an appropriate _starting point_ would be the offender’s level of
involvement in the whole operation relating to the s 49(_c_) TMA offence.
There is a need to distinguish between, for example, a distributor of
infringing articles and an individual lower down in the supply chain, such as
a mere runner or a stall attendant.

33 A case illustrative of **high involvement** on the offender’s part is _Ong
Ah Tiong_ , the facts of which were briefly described above at [25]. The
accused in that case was the managing director of a company, and was heavily
involved in sourcing for, distributing and selling infringing articles. He
also hired two other persons to promote the sale of those articles. Another
example would be _Public Prosecutor v Yap Boon Hian_ [2007] SGDC 271 (“ _Yap
Boon Hian_ ”), where the accused operated a business dealing in motor vehicle
filters and spare parts. In response to demands from his clients, who were
mostly from other countries, for spare parts from well-known brands, the
accused began to print the trade marks of those brands on his own goods, pack
the goods into cartons imprinted with the respective brand names and then sell
them to his customers. Notably, “the accused was himself responsible for
applying the infringing trademarks to the [goods] and for obtaining cartons
and packaging imprinted with the respective brand names” (see _Yap Boon Hian_
at [18]).

34 Cases illustrative of **moderate involvement** on the offender’s part would
include _Hong Wing Kam_ and _Public Prosecutor v Goh Chor Guan_ [2010] SGDC
336 (“ _Goh Chor Guan_ ”). In _Hong Wing Kam_ , the accused, a supplier and
retailer of fashion accessories and apparel, obtained the infringing articles
himself from China and distributed them to only one other company. In _Goh
Chor Guan_ , the accused, together with his wife (the co-accused), operated a
business selling infringing articles (in the form of apparel) out of a shop
unit; the accused also sourced for HDB shops with shop fronts available for
daily rental where he could set up makeshift stalls to sell infringing
articles.

35 Cases illustrative of **low involvement** on the offender’s part would
include _Tan Yan Tong_ and _Teo Boon Hui v Public Prosecutor_ (Magistrate’s
Appeal No 352 of 1999, unreported) (“ _Teo Boon Hui_ ”). In both of these
cases, the accused was an employee who merely manned a shop selling
counterfeit CD-ROMs.

36 For completeness, I should point out that in cases where only a fine (as
opposed to a custodial term) was imposed, one or more of the following factors
was present: (a) the offender operated only from a temporary stall; and/or (b)
the infringing articles numbered significantly less than 1,000; and/or (c)
there were other relevant mitigating factors (see, for example, _Public
Prosecutor v Lin Dunai_ [2009] SGDC 328 and _Kwan Eddy_). Taking this
approach, one factor which might be useful to start with in deciding whether a
fine or imprisonment (or both) should be imposed is whether the offender had
some sort of permanence in dealing with the infringing articles. In the
present case, given that the Appellant had a shop front and some sort of
permanence in dealing with the Infringing Articles in the course of his
business, the DJ was, was my judgment, correct in holding that a mere fine
would not be an appropriate sentence.

37 The table below briefly sets out the other relevant facts of each of the
cases which I discussed above at [33]–[35]:

Case |  Degree of involvement/ aggravating factors |  No. of articles |  Sentence imposed (term of imprisonment)  
---|---|---|---  
_Ong Ah Tiong_ |  **High** – Offender was a large-scale distributor and was also the head of an organised operation |  8,056 Nintendo cartridges |  12 months  
18,000 Sony PlayStation accessories |  20 months  
1,300 other PlayStation accessories |  10 months  
_Yap Boon Hian_ |  **High** – Offender was the owner of the business and was himself responsible for sourcing for the equipment and materials used to carry out the offences  |  69,290 car filters and 24,400 car filters respectively from the two raids held |  12 months (for each charge)  
_Hong Wing Kam_ |  **Moderate** – Offender was a supplier of counterfeit fashion accessories and apparel |  1,245 items of Burberry apparel (for the relevant charge) |  7 months (global sentence of 8 months)  
_Goh Chor Guan_ |  **Moderate** – Offender persistently set up makeshifts stalls to sell infringing articles  |  4,073 items of counterfeit apparel  |  6 months (for charges involving 886 items), and 1 month (for charges involving 261 items)  (global sentence of 13 months)  
_Tan Yan Tong_ |  **Low** – Offender was merely manning a shop |  3,188 CD-ROMs |  4 months (for each charge) (global sentence of 18 months)  
_Teo Boon Hui_ |  **Low** – Offender was merely manning a shop  |  3,400 CD-ROMs |  2 months (for each charge) (global sentence of 8 months)  
  
  

38 From the above table, considering only the degree of involvement of the
offender and not the number of infringing articles concerned, it can be seen
that for cases with **low involvement** by the offender, the sentencing range
would be from two to four months’ imprisonment for each charge. For cases with
**moderate involvement** by the offender, the sentencing range would be from
six to seven months’ imprisonment for each charge. For cases with **high
involvement** by the offender (such as _Ong Ah Tiong_), the sentencing range
would be from ten to 20 months’ imprisonment for each charge.

39 In this regard, the complexity and scale of the whole operation involved
would be a critical factor – for example, the owner of a small shop front may
be heavily involved in running his own business, but he cannot be compared
with the owner of a large-scale company involved in distributing infringing
articles. Factors relevant in determining the scale of the whole operation
involved would include the size of the company concerned, the number of
employees which it has and its financial figures. After considering this, the
sentence should be revised either upwards or downwards depending on the number
of infringing articles as well as their value. The sentence should then be
further adjusted depending on the relevant aggravating and/or mitigating
circumstances of the case and other unique circumstances which the trial judge
might find relevant.

Application of the sentencing framework to this appeal

40 I earlier noted that the Appellant operated his business from two shop
units (one of which was used for storage), and also set up makeshift stalls at
night markets as well as outside shops in heartland areas. He also employed a
driver and four sales assistants. Given that the Appellant ran his own
business and sourced for the Infringing Articles himself, this would place his
degree of involvement somewhere in the **moderate** to **high involvement**
band. However, I did not fully agree with the DJ’s view (at [13] of the GD)
that the Appellant’s business was “well planned and conducted on a large
scale”. Simply put, the Appellant imported the Infringing Articles from China
and then proceeded to sell them in Singapore. The whole business was
effectively contained within this single operation, which stands in stark
contrast to an extremely organised operation or a large-scale distributorship
such as that in _Ong Ah Tiong_.

41 There were 3,015 Infringing Articles involved in the TMA charge. The only
other person to whom the Appellant supplied Infringing Articles was his uncle,
Lau. The Appellant’s profit margin, while indeed going up to 90% in absolute
terms, only amounted to $9.00. While the Appellant would have spent some
effort in coordinating the whole operation and his business, it was clear that
he was “not part of a syndicate or an organised criminal effort concerned with
the manufacture, sale or distribution of counterfeit items” (see _Kwan Eddy_
at [22]). Instead, to a large extent, the Appellant’s business was relatively
self-contained. I also noted that the Appellant had voluntarily made
compensation of $100,000 – a not insubstantial sum – to various trade
mark/copyright owners. Such compensation should be recognised as a mitigating
factor and was rightly so regarded in _Public Prosecutor v Liu Chia-Shih and
Another_ [2005] SGDC 161 at [24]. It is trite law that restitution of ill-
gotten gains or, alternatively, the offering or actual payment of compensation
to a victim is a relevant mitigating factor as it reflects genuine remorse by
the offender (see _Angliss Singapore Pte Ltd v Public Prosecutor_ [2006] 4
SLR(R) 653 at [74] and _Lim Seng Soon v Public Prosecutor_ [2014] SGHC 273).
There is no reason why, in logic, payment of compensation to a trade
mark/copyright owner whose interests are adversely affected by the offender’s
activities cannot be similarly regarded.

42 Taking into account all the relevant circumstances in this case and the
totality of the sentence which should be imposed on the Appellant, it was my
judgment that the sentence for the TMA charge should be reduced from 12 to six
months’ imprisonment, thereby reducing the global sentence from 15 to nine
months’ imprisonment.

Conclusion

43 In concluding, I would stress that sentencing frameworks and benchmarks
should not be applied as “rigid formulae which suggest that only a segment of
the possible sentencing range should be applied by the court” (see _Ong Chee
Eng_ at [24]). It must also be recognised that a sentencing framework for a
particular offence need not necessarily be applicable in all situations. This
would be so especially for more complex cases, where a myriad of actions led
to the offence. In such a situation, the court must be careful not to
artificially regard a sentencing framework as applicable if, on the facts of
the case, it is not appropriate to do so. In the same vein, while a sentencing
framework would undoubtedly guide the court to ensure consistency in its
decisions, the court must constantly be alive and sensitive to the differences
in precedent cases, and should depart from the applicable sentencing benchmark
if the situation calls for it.

44 To recap, I summarise the main points of my grounds of decision:

(a) The DJ erred in holding that there was a benchmark sentence of 12 months’
imprisonment and above for s 49(_c_) TMA offences involving 1,000 or more
infringing articles.

(b) A useful starting point for the sentencing framework for s 49(_c_) TMA
offences would be the degree of involvement on the offender’s part. The
general sentencing range to start with for cases involving low, moderate and
high involvement by the offender would be imprisonment of, respectively: (a)
two to four months; (b) six to seven months; and (c) ten to 20 months. The
sentence should then be adjusted to take into account other relevant factors.
In this regard, payment of compensation to the trade mark/copyright owner is a
relevant mitigating factor.

(c) On the facts of this appeal, the appropriate benchmark sentence for the
Appellant, whose degree of involvement was moderate to high, would be between
six to seven months’ imprisonment.

45 For the reasons stated above, I allowed the appeal where the sentence for
the TMA charge was concerned and reduced the sentence for that charge from 12
to six months’ imprisonment. I did not, however, make any changes to the
sentences imposed by the DJ for the rest of the proceeded charges.
Consequently, the global sentence to be served by the Appellant was reduced
from 15 to nine months’ imprisonment. I also ordered the Appellant’s term of
imprisonment to commence on 13 June 2014.

* * *

[note: 1]Record of Proceedings at p 68 (Petition of Appeal at paras 3–4).

[note: 2]Respondent’s Submissions dated 5 February 2014 at paras 26–37.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 30 Jan 2015 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

