Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Jardine Lloyd Thompson Pte Ltd _v_ Howden Insurance Brokers (S) Pte Ltd
and others  
[2015] SGHC 202

Case Number| :| Suit No 595 of 2015 (Summons No 2937 of 2015)  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 03 August 2015  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Choo Han Teck J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Ang Cheng Hock SC, Vincent Leow, Tan Kai Liang and Xu
JiaXiong, Daryl (Allen & Gledhill LLP) for plaintiff; Chew Kei Jin, Andre Teo
and Lee Ping (Tan Rajah & Cheah) for first defendant; Choo Zheng Xi (Peter Low
LLC) for second and fifth defendants; Gan Kam Yuin and Ho Shiao Hong (Bih Li &
Lee LLP) for third and fourth defendants; and Adrian Aw Hon Wei (Incisive Law
LLC) for sixth defendant.  
Parties| :|  Jardine Lloyd Thompson Pte Ltd — Howden Insurance Brokers (S) Pte
Ltd and others  
  
3 August 2015| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Choo Han Teck J:

1 The plaintiff is part of the Jardine Lloyd Thomson Group. It claims to be
the second largest international broker network in the world. The Group has
business in 39 countries and has more than 10,000 employees. The plaintiff is
suing the defendants in this action because 17 of their employees resigned in
April and May this year. Four of them are named as the second, third, fourth
and fifth defendants (“the Employee Defendants”) respectively. They are
alleged to be joining the first defendant, a competitor of the plaintiff. The
sixth defendant is the employment agency that purportedly helped the first
defendant engage the Employee Defendants.

2 The plaintiff’s cause of action is for injunctive relief and damages arising
from the tort of conspiracy to injure, breach of contract, and breach of
fiduciary duty. The plaintiff alleges that as early as April 2014, the second
defendant commenced discussions with Gerard Pennefather (“GP”), the managing
partner of the sixth defendant. The plaintiff claims that a year later, the
mass resignations began and were completed in two movements. The first took
place on 27 and 28 April 2015, and the second a few days commencing 11 May
2015. According to the plaintiff, some of the employees who had resigned told
the plaintiff that they had been approached by the sixth defendant.

3 The plaintiff relies on cases such as _British Midland Tool Ltd v Midland
International Tooling Ltd_ [2003] 2 BCLC 523 and _UBS Wealth Management (UK)
Ltd v Vestra Wealth LLP_ [2008] IRLR 965 (“ _UBS Wealth_ ”) for its case that
the Employee Defendants owe a fiduciary duty to the plaintiff to act in the
interests of the plaintiff. It claims that the fiduciary obligations include a
duty to warn the plaintiff of an impending raid on the plaintiff’s employees.
Apart from fiduciary duties, the plaintiff asserts that the Employee
Defendants also owe contractual duties as employees under their employment
contract. These include the general duty of good faith; the duty to devote
working time only to the plaintiff’s affairs; the duty to not solicit staff
from the plaintiff or induce a breach of contract; and the duty of keeping the
plaintiff’s proprietary information confidential. Some of the specific duties
are also covered in the plaintiff’s Employee Handbook. None of the employment
contracts of the Employee Defendants contain a restraint of trade clause.

4 The plaintiff alleges that the mass defections were the result of a
calculated and coordinated conspiracy that was hatched by all six defendants.
It claims that as part of the conspiracy, the Employee Defendants committed
the following unlawful acts:

(a) First, a breach of their fiduciary and contractual duties of non-
solicitation by encouraging staff to leave the plaintiff and to join either
the first defendant or other competitors. The plaintiff further alleges that
the second defendant misused his authority, as managing director, by not
extending the notice periods for the third and fifth defendants from three to
six months to be in line with the rest of the staff.

(b) Second, a breach of their fiduciary and contractual duties of keeping the
plaintiff’s proprietary information confidential by misusing confidential
information such as the internal arrangements of the plaintiff’s business and
clients and by removing confidential information from the plaintiff. The
plaintiff claims that there is a real risk that there will be further breaches
of confidentiality.

5 The plaintiff claims that by the wrongful acts of the defendants, it has, or
will, suffer irreparable damage. It also claims their conduct enabled the
first defendant and the Employee Defendants to gain “an unfair competitive
advantage” against it. Mr Ang Cheng Hock, SC submitted on behalf of the
plaintiff that unless the Employee Defendants are enjoined, they “will be
allowed to use such unfair competitive advantage to “springboard” ahead,
causing further irreparable loss to the plaintiff”. The plaintiff thus seeks
interim injunctions to “neutralise the unfair advantage and restore the
competitive positions of the parties”.

6 An interim injunction is a temporary measure to restrain a defendant from
doing acts alleged to be in violation of the plaintiff’s legal right.
Decisions on whether to grant an interim injunction are made at a time when
the plaintiff’s right or the violation of it, or both, is yet to be
determined. It is not the court’s duty at this stage of the proceedings to
resolve the conflicts of evidence on affidavit pertaining to facts on which
the claims of the parties ultimately depend on. Neither is it the court’s duty
to decide difficult questions of law which call for detailed argument and
mature considerations at this point. They are issues to be dealt with at
trial. These are the principles in _American Cyanamid Co v Ethicon Ltd_ [1975]
AC 396.

7 Looking at the present case, it is clear that there are serious and
important issues that will arise at trial. These include the almost
intractable conflicts between the rights of a contracting party to a contract,
the right of a professional to work, and the rights of a company to prevent
competition. Importantly, what constitutes a conspiracy? Such issues involve
law and policy.

8 Professional insurance agents and brokers whose careers lay in the service
of the insurance industry do not have many options should they wish to leave
their employers. Employment agencies such as the sixth defendant serve to
connect job seekers and employers. All employees are entitled to leave their
employer subject to terms of notice in their employment contract. Naturally,
when a large group of employees at a high level leaves, the employer will
suffer some detriment and disadvantage but that is part of commercial reality.
The employer will have to employ new people and re-build its business.
Sometimes they have little difficulty getting new and experienced replacements
for those who are leaving or have left; sometimes not.

9 In such circumstances, the employer often has to recruit its new staff from
competitors. Nothing exemplifies my views above more than the recent story
concerning the plaintiff’s parent company in the United Kingdom (“the UK”). In
the written grounds of the court in _Willis Ltd and another v Jardine Lloyd
Thompson Group Plc and others_ [2015] EWCA Civ 450, the English Court of
Appeal allowed a short injunction in an action by the plaintiff in that case
against the principal defendant, who is the parent company of the plaintiff in
the case before me. The defendant parent in the UK purportedly did exactly
what the Singapore plaintiff is accusing the defendants of doing – enticing
the employees of a rival insurance company to resign en mass.

10 The action of the plaintiff’s parent company has no bearing on the
plaintiff’s case here whatsoever but it serves to illustrate the context in
which employees leave one company and join another. Employment agencies like
the sixth defendant serve a useful commercial purpose. When they have clients
in search of a person with a specified qualification and experience, the
agencies may seek him out and even encourage him to leave his employer to join
the new one. Does it make any difference whether the employment agency sought
one or ten such employees from a single source? That may be an issue at trial
– not at the interlocutory stage of proceedings.

11 An interim injunction may be necessary only if damages will not be
adequate. On this point, parties sometimes argue that damages are not adequate
when they mean that damages will be difficult to quantify; but the two are not
the same. In many instances in which general damages are concerned, there are
not that many ways that one can determine what a correct or just amount might
be. What the court would do is to try and determine an amount that is as fair
as possible. And in considering fairness, the court will cast a natural and
instinctive glance from the opposing party’s position so as to have a clearer
and better view of the merits of the interim injunction sought.

12 Returning to the present case, the plaintiff seeks four interim injunctions
against the first to fifth defendants until trial for the following purposes:

(a) to prevent the Employee Defendants from joining the first defendant for
any business relating to the insurance broking business until trial;

(b) to prevent the first defendant from employing the Employee Defendants;

(c) to prevent the Employee Defendants from disclosing confidential
information belonging to the plaintiff; and

(d) to restrain the Employee Defendants from soliciting or inducing other
employees from the plaintiff to leave the plaintiff.

13 I start by considering the first and second interim injunctions, which are
loosely termed by the parties as “springboard injunctions”. The problem with
new names for simple legal principles is that a whole lot of space is needed
to explain them.

14 The “springboard” injunction was first granted in _Terrapin Ltd v Builders
Supply Co (Hayes) Ltd_ [1960] RPC 128 (“ _Terrapin_ ”), which did not involve
a dispute between employers and employees. Roxburgh J observed at 391 of
_Terrapin_ :

… the essence of this branch of the law, whatever the origin of it may be, is
that a person who has obtained information in confidence is not allowed to use
it as a springboard for activities detrimental to the person who made the
confidential communication, and springboard it remains even when all the
features have been published, or can be ascertained by actual inspection by
any member of the public … It is, in my view, inherent in the principle upon
which [_Saltman Engineering Co Ltd v Campbell Engineering Co Ltd_ (1948) 65
RPC 203] rests that the possessor of such information must be placed under a
special disability in the field of competition in order to ensure that he does
not get an unfair start.

15 “Springboard” relief was subsequently granted in employment cases following
the decision in _Roger Bullivant Ltd v Ellis_ [1987] ICR 464 (“ _Bullivant_
”). The court observed at 496 of _Bullivant_ that the purpose of the relief is
to “prevent the defendants from taking unfair advantage of the springboard
which [the judge] considered that they must have built up by their misuse of
the [confidential] information”.

16 “Springboard” relief thus had its origins in cases involving the misuse of
confidential information. When the issue of whether the remedy of a
“springboard” injunction could or should be extended to cases where there was
no misuse of confidential information arose in _Balston Ltd v Headline Filters
Ltd_ [1987] FSR 330, the court cautioned that doing so will fetter an ex-
employee’s right to use his skills and experience after leaving his employment
even where no such express restrictive covenant exists. Similar sentiments
against such an extension were expressed in _CBT Systems UK Ltd v Campopiano_
(26 June 1995, Chancery Division, unreported). On the other hand, other
English cases such as _Midas IT Services v Opus Portfolio Ltd_ (21 December
1999, Chancery Division, unreported), suggest that such an extension is
permissible.

17 The English position settled after _UBS Wealth_ , in which the court
extended the scope of “springboard” relief beyond the realm of confidential
information in two brief paragraphs (see [3] and [4] of _UBS Wealth_). The
High Court observed at [4]:

… springboard relief is not confined to cases where former employees threaten
to abuse confidential information acquired during the currency of their
employment. It is available to prevent any future or further serious economic
loss to a previous employer caused by former staff members taking an unfair
advantage, an ‘unfair start’, of any serious breaches of their contract of
employment (or if they are acting in concert with others, of any breach by any
of those others). …

18 Subsequent English cases followed this expansion: _eg_ , _CEF Holdings Ltd
and another v Mundey and others_ [2012] IRLR 912 (“ _CEF Holdings_ ”) and _QBE
Management Services (UK) Ltd v Dymoke and others_ [2012] IRLR 458 (“ _QBE
Management_ ”).

19 Counsel for the Employee Defendants referred me to two cases and submitted
that not all jurisdictions have followed the same route. One was from the
Australian Federal Court and the other was from the Hong Kong High Court. The
plaintiffs and defendants in both jurisdictions were directly related to each
other; that is, the plaintiff in Australia was related to the plaintiff in
Hong Kong, and the defendant in Australia was related to the defendant in Hong
Kong. The courts in the two cases in both Hong Kong and Australia declined to
extend the “springboard” principle beyond instances of a misuse of
confidential information. See: _ICAP Australia Pty Ltd v BGC Partners
(Australia) Pty Ltd & Others_ [2005] FCA 130; and _ICAP (Hong Kong) Ltd v BGC
Securities (Hong Kong) LLC & ORS_ [2005] 3 HKC 137 (_“ICAP HK_ ”).

20 This issue does not appear to have been explored in any local case. Having
considered the two divergent approaches, I am inclined to follow that taken by
the ICAP cases. I agree with the views expressed in the ICAP cases, in
particular, those of Stone J in _ICAP HK_. What the learned judge observed at
[67] bears reiterating:

It is clear that mere recruitment of employees (which may, or may not, be in
breach of contractual post-termination restraints) does not, as least in pure
recruitment terms, necessarily promote or produce a competitive advantage,
albeit such ultimately may accrue in terms of access to clients or customers.
Nor, for that matter, is there anything wrong in a group of employees deciding
in concert to depart their existing employer for pastures new – see the
observations of Cumming-Bruce LJ in _GD Searle & Co Ltd v Celltech Ltd_ [1982]
FSR 92 at 101-102:

The law has always looked with favour upon the efforts of employees to advance
themselves, provided that they do not steal or use the secrets of their former
employer. In the absence of restrictive covenants, there is nothing in the
general law to prevent a number of employees in concert deciding to leave
their employer and set themselves up in competition with him. And there is now
no rule of law or equity which restrains a competitor from seeking out the
servants of another and offering him employment provided he does not thereby
procure a breach of the servant’s contract of service …

21 A “springboard” injunction is not meant to be maintained indefinitely. It
is meant only to be in place for such time as it would take the wrongdoer to
achieve lawfully what he was hoping to achieve unlawfully, relative to the
plaintiff: _QBE Management_ at 285. The appropriate period of time may well
have expired before trial, even if the trial is expedited. Due to this
peculiar nature of a “springboard” injunction, a court considering whether an
interim “springboard” injunction should be granted has to consider beyond the
usual _American Cyanamid_ principles and perform the unenviable task of
assessing the relative strengths of the rival arguments at the interlocutory
stage: see _ICAP HK_ and _CEF Holdings_. That evaluation would also have been
necessary in order to determine the appropriate length of the interim
“springboard” injunction if a court decides such an injunction is warranted.

22 I am not satisfied that there is any clear evidence from the affidavits
that the Employee Defendants have misused any specific confidential
information or that there is any real risk of such misuse to the extent that
it warrants the imposition of a “springboard” injunction. Arguably, the
plaintiff’s strongest point in this regard is that the Employee Defendants
have circulated a “Top Clients List” amongst themselves and may possibly share
this with the first defendant in breach of confidentiality. Even if it were
‘only’ an interim “springboard” injunction pending an expedited trial, the
Employee Defendants’ rights to use their skills and knowledge to seek
employment elsewhere will be severely restricted by such an injunction. The
plaintiff has not shown that this extreme measure is warranted in the present
case, especially in the absence of any express restrictive covenant in the
employment agreements. I thus dismiss the plaintiff’s application for the
first and second interim injunctions.

23 I should add that even if I had agreed with the broader approach of the
English courts, I would not have granted an interim “springboard” injunction.
In _UBS Wealth_ , Openshaw J granted an interim “springboard” injunction after
finding that the plaintiff there has “put together a formidable case that
there was an unlawful plan to poach both staff and clients”. Even at that
interlocutory stage, there was clear evidence on affidavit before him in the
form of transcripts and telephone conversations which showed that the
defendants have acted unlawfully. I do not find that the plaintiff here had
put together such a case against the defendants.

24 It appears that the defendants in this case had sought legal advice and the
assistance of the sixth defendant, a professional employment agency. Their
position is that the sixth defendant had approached them independently and had
used its expertise and knowledge in the industry to lawfully poach the right
sets of people from the plaintiff. There are some indications that the
defendants have, or at least have tried, to proceed in a proper and lawful
way. This provides considerable support for the defendants’ submission that
they have not breached their non-solicitation contractual obligation. A
definitive finding on this is of course an issue for trial.

25 Further, unlike in some cases where “springboard” injunctions have been
granted (_eg_ , _QBE Management_), there is no allegation or evidence that the
Employee Defendants have tried to poach any clients from the plaintiff. As I
have found earlier, there does not seem to be sufficient evidence before me
that suggests there has been any misuse of confidential information or serious
breaches of confidentiality, potential or otherwise. I accept Mr Ang’s
submission that the Employee Defendants, who were part of the senior
management of the plaintiff, owe fiduciary duties of loyalty to it. But even
if I were to find that such a fiduciary duty required them to inform the
plaintiff of any impending mass defections and that they have breached this
duty, I do not think that this warrants the imposition of a “springboard”
injunction. In the circumstances, I would not have granted an interim
“springboard” injunction even if I am of the view that such injunctions can be
imposed outside the realm of the misuse of confidential information. I am not
making, at this stage, any definitive or conclusive finding on whether there
have been any specific breaches of contractual or fiduciary obligations by the
Employee Defendants. I have only found on an overall assessment of the
situation that a “springboard injunction” was not warranted.

26 That leaves me to deal with the remaining two interim injunctions:
injunctions to prevent the Employee Defendants from disclosing confidential
information belonging to the plaintiff, and to restrain the Employee
Defendants from soliciting or inducing other employees from the plaintiff to
leave the plaintiff.

27 On one analysis, these two injunctions overlap or may even be subsumed by
the terms of a “springboard” injunction. But the conventional injunctions
exist, and may be granted, independently of a “springboard” injunction. Unlike
in the case of the “springboard” injunction, the _American Cyanamid_
principles apply to these two interim injunctions. I thus find that it is
appropriate to grant both pending an expedited trial.

28 At this stage, there is a serious question to be tried on whether the
Employee Defendants have breached their contractual obligations to not solicit
other employees from the plaintiff to leave the plaintiff and to not disclose
confidential information belonging to the plaintiff. This simply means that
the plaintiffs’ claim in those two aspects cannot be said to be frivolous or
vexatious to such an extent that there is no prospect of succeeding at trial.
In dismissing the plaintiff’s application for the “springboard” injunctions
above, I have made certain observations about the allegations of breaches of
these contractual duties. But it must be made clear that the inquiry of
whether these are serious issues to be tried is a different one. In the same
way, the threshold for these two interim injunctions differs from that for
“springboard” injunctions.

29 I accept Mr Ang’s submission that damages may not be an adequate remedy for
the plaintiff should the plaintiff be found to be correct at trial.
Importantly, the Employee Defendants are already bound by their employment
agreements to not commit the very acts that the plaintiff is seeking to
restrict them from doing pending trial. In other words, the interim
injunctions merely require the Employee Defendants to comply with their
existing contractual duties. The balance of convenience clearly lies in favour
of granting the latter two interim injunctions.

30 For the reasons above, the plaintiff’s application succeeds only in part.
Its application for the two interim “springboard” injunctions is dismissed. I
order an interim injunction against the Employee Defendants to not disclose
confidential information belonging to the plaintiff and another interim
injunction to restrain them from soliciting or inducing other employees from
the plaintiff to leave the plaintiff. I therefore grant an order in terms of
prayers 1 and 4, and dismiss prayers 2 and 3 of the summons.

31 I will hear the question of costs at a later date.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 03 Aug 2015 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

