Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Chow Tat Ming Henry _v_ Kea Kah Kim  
[2015] SGHC 41

Case Number| :| Suit No 450 of 2013  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 09 February 2015  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Edmund Leow JC  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Alina Sim (Axis Law Corporation) for the plaintiff; Nazim
Khan (Unilegal LLC)for the defendant.  
Parties| :|  Chow Tat Ming Henry — Kea Kah Kim  
  
9 February 2015|  
---|---  
  
Edmund Leow JC:

Introduction

1 In this suit, the Plaintiff alleged that there was an oral agreement (“the
Agreement”) between him and the Defendant under which the Plaintiff would
purchase 2 million shares (“the Shares”) in a Singapore-listed company known
as DMX Technologies Group Limited (“DMX”) with his own funds. According to the
Plaintiff, the terms of the agreement were that if the Shares became
profitable, both parties would share the profits equally, but if there was a
loss, the Defendant would bear all the losses solely, and also compensate the
Plaintiff for any interest incurred from having to borrow funds to finance the
purchase.

2 The Shares were ultimately sold at a loss and the Plaintiff sued the
Defendant for the sum of $776,865.28, which comprised $688,499.53 in losses
from the sale of the Shares and $88,365.75 in interest and brokerage fees
incurred.

3 After a two-day trial, I dismissed the Plaintiff’s claim. As the Plaintiff
has appealed, I now give my reasons.

Facts

Background

4 This case involves the same _dramatis personae_ as Suit 320 of 2013 _Wan Lai
Ting v Kea Kah Kim_ (“S 320/2013”), wherein I dismissed a claim by the
Plaintiff’s wife against the Defendant. The parties agreed that evidence led
in that case may be used in this case as well. These grounds should therefore
be read in conjunction with my grounds for that case. For ease of reference,
however, I will recap the background facts briefly.

5 The Defendant was, at the material time, the CEO of a Singapore-listed
company known as ArianeCorp Pte Ltd (“ArianeCorp”). The Plaintiff owned 99.99%
of the shares in a Hong Kong company known as Carriernet Corporation Ltd (HK)
(“CNET”).

6 On 14 August 2006, ArianeCorp entered into a sale and purchase agreement to
acquire all the shares in CNET for an aggregate consideration of S$15.6m. This
consideration was to be satisfied in full by the allotment and issue of
130,000,000 ArianeCorp shares (“the Consideration Shares”) at S$0.12 each,
credited as fully paid, to the following persons in the following manner:

(a) The Plaintiff – 84,500,000 shares.

(b) The Plaintiff’s brother-in-law, Mah Cheung Wah – 17,500,000 shares.

(c) The Plaintiff’s sister-in-law, Leung Man Ha – 15,000,000 shares.

(d) A financial consultant, Neo Hock Soon (“Neo”) – 13,000,000 shares.

7 Under cl 6.2 of the sale and purchase agreement, the Plaintiff gave the
following undertakings (which I will refer to as “the Moratorium”):

(a) not sell, realise, assign, pledge, transfer or otherwise dispose of
(whether as principal or agent) any part of all of the Consideration Shares
that were allotted to him for a period of one year from the completion date of
the acquisition; and

(b) not to sell, realise, assign, pledge, transfer or otherwise dispose of
(whether as principal or agent) more than 50% of his original shareholdings in
the Consideration Shares, adjusted for any bonus issue or subdivision, in the
second year following the completion date.

8 The Consideration Shares were duly allotted to the allottees on 12 March
2007. Chow was also appointed a director of ArianeCorp on 27 April 2007.

The Plaintiff’s case

9 According to the Plaintiff, the Defendant approached him sometime in August
2007 asking for help with purchasing the Shares. The Defendant told the
Plaintiff that the Shares were a good buy and that he had invested heavily in
DMX. The Plaintiff replied that he was not interested and pointed out that he
was unable to use his 84,500,000 shares in ArianeCorp as collateral to finance
the purchase since they were subject to the Moratorium.

10 However, the Defendant persisted and noted that he did the Plaintiff a
favour by acquiring CNET. He said that as the CEO of ArianeCorp, he had the
authority to waive the Moratorium. He further promised to share any profits
equally with the Defendant and bear all the losses incurred if the price of
the Shares were to fall (including any interest and expenses incurred by the
Plaintiff).

11 The Plaintiff therefore reluctantly agreed to the Defendant’s proposal and
purchased the Shares on 23 August 2007 for a total price of $1,120,000. The
purchase was financed by a loan or a margin account provided his broker,
Phillip Securities (HK) Limited (“Phillip Securities”).

12 Shortly thereafter, as a result of the emerging subprime crisis, the price
of the Shares started to decline. The Plaintiff frantically called the
Defendant telling him that he had to sell the Shares, but the Defendant told
him to hold. Multiple such telephone calls were made between October and
December 2007. Finally, in early December 2007, the Plaintiff felt that he
could not hold the Shares any longer and called the Defendant, who told him to
start selling some of them. As a result, the Shares were sold in multiple
tranches as follows:

S/N |  Date sold |  Number of shares sold |  Price  
---|---|---|---  
1 |  6 December 2007 |  200,000 |  $72,000  
2 |  7 December 2007 |  100,000 |  $38,500  
3 |  17 January 2008 |  264,000 |  $58,539.88  
4 |  20 January 2008 |  1,436,000 |  $262,460.59  
**Total** |  **2,000,000** |  **$431,500.47**  
  
  

13 The losses from the sale put the Plaintiff in financial difficulty, and it
was only in 2011 that he managed to fully repay his debt (with interest) to
Phillip Securities. He incurred a total of $82,974.40 in interest and
$5,391.35 in brokerage fees.

The Defendant’s case

14 The Defendant denied that there was any oral agreement between him and the
Plaintiff regarding the purchase or sale of the Shares. He said that sometime
in 2007, the Plaintiff asked him which stocks looked attractive for
investment. He therefore suggested some stocks to the Plaintiff, with DMX
being one of them. This was done in a social context with no intention to
create legal relations.

15 The Defendant further submitted that the Agreement, even if it had been
made, would have been void for uncertainty as there were no provisions for:

(a) the purchase price;

(b) the minimum time for holding;

(c) the maximum time for holding;

(d) any stop loss orders; and

(e) the price at which the shares have to be sold.

16 Finally, the Defendant contended that the Plaintiff had pledged his
ArianeCorp shares as collateral to fund the purchase of the Shares. This was a
violation of the Moratorium and constituted an illegality which rendered the
Agreement unenforceable.

My decision

17 The Plaintiff’s claim in this suit suffered from the same defects that his
wife’s claim in S 320/2013 did.

18 First of all, the Plaintiff’s case was that a transaction worth millions of
dollars was made purely by way of oral agreement. I found it hard to believe
that an experienced businessman like him would adopt such a lackadaisical
attitude towards documenting a transaction like that. Even if he did not wish
to engage lawyers to draw up a formal contract, he had many opportunities to
mention in writing the fact that the Agreement was made. In particular, the
Defendant stepped down as CEO of ArianeCorp in February 2008 and handed the
reins over to the Plaintiff. In late January 2008, the parties exchanged email
correspondence negotiating the terms of the Defendant’s resignation. On 6
February 2008, the Defendant signed a letter of resignation which stated that
he had no claims against ArianeCorp, and the Plaintiff signed the same letter
on behalf of ArianeCorp stating that ArianeCorp had no claims against the
Defendant. These events took place shortly after the Plaintiff made a loss
from selling the Shares. If he truly believed that the Defendant was liable to
compensate him for those losses, one would have expected him to at least
advert to that fact in an email or document somewhere. Yet the Plaintiff could
not point to any document where the Agreement was mentioned.

19 Indeed, the Plaintiff’s own evidence was that he was forced to sell various
properties to satisfy margin calls issued by Phillips Securities as a result
of the DMX losses. Yet there is no evidence that he had asked the Defendant
for repayment or financial assistance during that supposedly stressful period.
As he admitted on the stand:[note: 1]

Q:So you were under stress or pressure to come up with the money to pay the
margin call?

A:Yes, very much.

Q:So it didn’t occur to you that every month you are making margin calls,
according to your story, you are making all these margin calls because of DMX
shares, right, it didn’t occur to you that you are going through all this
stress, this is end January, when you are already negotiating, getting out,
you are coming in as CEO and he is getting out, it never occurred to you,
“Maybe I should just send an e-mail to Mr Kea, say, “Look, this is our
agreement, and I have done this, and you owe me this amount of money”?

A:No. I thought about it. _I never do it._

…

Q:So in two successive months you got a call of 1 million each and you were
able to come up with the money?

A:That’s why I keep selling the house. That’s why some of the houses -- yes, I
did come up with the money.

[emphasis added]

I found it rather incredible that the Plaintiff would choose to sell
properties to satisfy the margin calls instead of pressing the Defendant for
repayment. This was not in my view how a normal person would react if there
was truly an agreement between the parties that the Defendant would pay for
any losses incurred.

20 Second, like his wife in S 320/2013, the Plaintiff also waited until the
limitation period was almost up before taking any action on the alleged debt.
He sent a letter of demand to the Defendant only on 11 April 2013 and
commenced proceedings on 17 May 2013. This was more than five years after the
Shares were sold at a loss and two years after he was said to have settled his
debt with Phillips Securities. Notably, under cross-examination, the Plaintiff
disagreed with counsel for the Defendant that he (the Plaintiff) did nothing
for almost six years. He claimed that he had talked to the Defendant about the
debt and had also asked Neo (who was a long-time mutual friend of both
parties) to talk to him.[note: 2] Yet the Plaintiff failed to call Neo to give
evidence on this point. This omission was particularly glaring since Neo had
given evidence as an independent witness in S 320/2013 and there was no reason
why he could not have been called as a witness to corroborate the Plaintiff’s
story in this regard.

21 Third, I agreed with the Defendant that the Agreement, as pleaded, was
devoid of important details. There was no provision as to the date on which
the Shares should be bought, or the price at which they should be bought. It
was unclear who had the authority to decide when to sell the Shares and at
what price in the event of a disagreement between the two parties. The time
frame in which the Plaintiff had to pay the Defendant his share of the profits
(if profits were made) and, conversely, the time frame in which the Defendant
had to compensate the Plaintiff for his losses (if losses were incurred) were
left unstated. Essentially, there appeared to be agreement only on the number
of shares to be bought (2,000,000). In my view, such an agreement defied
commercial sense and was too uncertain and incomplete to be enforceable.

22 Finally, although the Defendant might have thought that the Shares were a
good investment, it seemed highly unlikely that he would have agreed to such
an imbalanced transaction, whereby any profits would be shared equally, but
any losses would be entirely borne by him. In most commercial agreements, the
party who stood to gain from the upside would also be required to bear the
downside risk. I found it very improbable that an experienced businessman like
the Defendant would have agreed to share the upside equally but bear the
downside entirely.

23 The Plaintiff’s claim was therefore clearly unsustainable and it was
unnecessary to delve into the illegalities alleged by the Defendant.
Nonetheless, as a significant portion of the hearing was devoted to this
issue, I will say a few words on it.

24 The Plaintiff initially pleaded in his Statement of Claim dated 17 May 2013
that the Shares were purchased using funds borrowed “by way of unsecured
loan(s)”. Subsequently, however, he amended his Statement of Claim on 21 July
2014 to state that the funds were borrowed by way of “loan(s) or a margin
account”. It emerged during the course of proceedings that the Plaintiff had
deposited his 84,500,000 Consideration Shares in a margin account with Phillip
Securities. Subsequently, on 18 June 2007, he obtained a margin loan of HK$7m
from Phillip Securities. Under the client agreement with Phillip Securities,
the Consideration Shares would automatically have been used as collateral for
the loan.

25 The Plaintiff initially sought to deny that his account was a margin
account, but this was clearly untenable given that the account statements he
produced showed that the Consideration Shares were ascribed a “margin value”
of $2,873,000 at a “margin ratio” of 0.40. When he was finally forced to admit
in cross-examination that the Consideration Shares had been used as collateral
for the loan, he said he did not understand the consequences of that, and
thought that he was placing them in a “custodian account”. But I found it hard
to believe that a seasoned businessman like the Plaintiff would be unaware of
how the stock markets worked and what a margin account was. In my view,
therefore, there was sufficient basis to suspect that the Plaintiff had
breached the Moratorium by using the Consideration Shares as collateral for a
margin loan. Consequently, he might also have breached his duties under the
Companies Act (Cap 50, 2006 Rev Ed) and the Securities and Futures Act (Cap
289, 2006 Rev Ed) to inform ArianeCorp and the securities exchange of a change
in his shareholdings.

Conclusion

26 For the foregoing reasons, I dismissed the Plaintiff’s claim with costs. I
also referred the potential illegalities committed by the Plaintiff to the
authorities for further investigation.

* * *

[note: 1]NE 12 September 2013, pp 52–53.

[note: 2]NE 12 September 2013, p 53.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 09 Feb 2015 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

