Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  The “Xin Chang Shu”  
[2015] SGHC 308

Case Number| :| Admiralty in Rem No 239 of 2014 (Registrar's Appeal No 226 of
2015)  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 04 December 2015  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Steven Chong J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Lawrence Teh and Khoo Eu Shen (Rodyk & Davidson LLP) for
the plaintiff; Toh Kian Sing SC, Koh See Bin and Tan Yong Jin Jonathan (Rajah
& Tann Singapore LLP) for the defendant.  
Parties| :|  Big Port Service DMCC — Owner of the vessel(s) "Xin Chang Shu"  
  
4 December 2015| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Steven Chong J:

Introduction

1 The law on wrongful arrest was developed to protect shipowners against
malicious arrests or arrests brought with “so little colour” or “so little
foundation” that implies malice on the part of the arresting party.

2 Proof of actual malice is often difficult to establish, especially at the
interlocutory stage, where most applications for wrongful arrest are pursued.
However, the malice threshold can be satisfied by inference in circumstances
where the case is so hopelessly bereft of merit that it warrants a finding
that the claim is seriously lacking in “ _colour_ ” or “ _foundation_ ”.

3 Ship arrest is an extremely draconian remedy. It can be very disruptive and
may inflict severe economic hardship on the shipowner’s trade and operations.
In order for the protection against this draconian measure to be meaningful
and effective, the judicial threshold should not be set too high so as to
render the right to damages practically illusory.

4 In appropriate cases, where the threshold has been crossed, the court should
express its opprobrium towards the arresting party’s conduct by ordering it to
be accountable for the damages occasioned by its wrongful arrest. Indeed, our
courts have in a number of cases held the arresting party accountable for
wrongful arrest.

5 After considering the facts and the arguments presented by the parties, I am
satisfied that the line was crossed in this case. Not only was the arrest
pursued, _inter alia_ , on a _false_ and/or factually and legally misconceived
premise, there was also non-disclosure of material facts at the _ex parte_
stage where the warrant of arrest was sought. The plaintiff must therefore
bear the damages arising from the wrongful arrest of the vessel, _Xin Chang
Shu_ (“the Vessel”).

Factual background

6 On 19 November 2014, the plaintiff commenced admiralty _in rem_ proceedings
against the defendant claiming US$1,768,000 for the supply of 4,000 metric
tonnes of marine bunker fuel to the Vessel. The claim was based on a contract
for the supply of bunker fuel entered into between the plaintiff and OW Bunker
Far East (Singapore) Pte Ltd (“OW Singapore”) (“the Contract”). The plaintiff
claims that OW Singapore was the defendant’s agent and entered into the
Contract on the defendant’s behalf.

7 Prior to the arrest of the Vessel (on 10 December 2014), the parties
exchanged a series of correspondence in which the defendant made its position
and defence clear. Specifically, the defendant clearly informed the plaintiff
of the following:[note: 1]

(a) OW Singapore was not the defendant’s agent and did not contract with the
plaintiff in that capacity.

(b) The defendant only dealt and contracted with OW Bunker China Limited (“OW
China”), not OW Singapore or the plaintiff.

(c) The plaintiff was not only one, but two layers removed from the defendant
in the chain of bunker supply contracts. The defendant had contracted with OW
China who had in turn contracted with OW Singapore and who eventually
contracted with the plaintiff in respect of the same bunker supply but on
different terms.

8 In the same chain of correspondence, the parties also negotiated the
provision of alternative security to the plaintiff. No agreement was, however,
reached prior to the arrest of the Vessel. The plaintiff insisted that the
terms of the security should answer to any judgment “by any court or arbitral
tribunal of competent jurisdiction”, but the defendant was willing to furnish
security that would answer only to a judgment of the Singapore court.[note: 2]
Thus, on 9 December 2014, the plaintiff obtained a warrant of arrest and
proceeded on 10 December 2014 to arrest the Vessel. On 12 December 2014, the
parties agreed that the defendant would furnish security by way of payment
into court in the sum of US$2.6 million to secure the release of the Vessel,
and the Vessel was duly released on the same day. The Vessel was thus arrested
for approximately three days.

9 Shortly after, on 15 December 2014, the plaintiff filed Summons No 6218 of
2014 (“SUM 6218/2014”) for a stay of proceedings in favour of arbitration
under ss 6 and 7 of the International Arbitration Act (Cap 143A, 2002 Rev Ed)
(“the IAA”). On 29 December 2014, in Summons No 6364 of 2014 (“SUM
6364/2014”), the defendant applied to strike out the proceedings, set aside
the warrant of arrest, and applied for damages for wrongful arrest.

The decision below and the appeals before me

10 The plaintiff’s application for a stay of proceedings in favour of
arbitration (_ie_ , SUM 6218/2014) and the defendant’s application to strike
out the proceedings, to set aside the warrant of arrest and for damages for
wrongful arrest (_ie_ , SUM 6364/2014) were heard together by the assistant
registrar (“the AR”). In _The “Xin Chang Shu”_ [2015] SGHCR 17 (“the AR’s
judgment”), the AR decided as follows:

(a) the writ was struck out for being frivolous and/or vexatious pursuant to O
18 r 19(1) of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2014 Rev Ed) but not on the
basis that s 4(4) of the High Court Admiralty Jurisdiction Act (Cap 123, 2001
Rev Ed) (“the HC(AJ)A”) had not been complied with;

(b) the security provided to the plaintiff by way of payment into court be
returned to the defendant;

(c) the stay application was dismissed;

(d) there was no material non-disclosure on the plaintiff’s part, and
therefore, the warrant of arrest was not set aside; and

(e) damages for wrongful arrest were not awarded.

11 Dissatisfied with the AR’s decision, both the plaintiff and the defendant
appealed. In Registrar’s Appeals No 224 and 225 of 2015 (“RA 224/2015” and “RA
225/2015” respectively), the plaintiff appealed against the AR’s decision in
striking out its writ and in dismissing its stay application. In Registrar’s
Appeal No 226 of 2015 (“RA 226/2015”), the defendant appealed against the AR’s
decision in not awarding damages for wrongful arrest, and in not setting aside
the writ and warrant of arrest on the basis of lack of admiralty jurisdiction
and material non-disclosure respectively. At the appeal hearing, the defendant
withdrew their appeal against the AR’s finding that the court had admiralty
jurisdiction.

12 After hearing the parties on 23 September 2015, I dismissed the plaintiff’s
appeals in RA 224/2015 and RA 225/2015 while I reserved judgment in relation
to RA 226/2015.

13 I shall briefly explain my grounds for dismissing RA 224/2015 and RA
225/2015 because it has a material bearing on my present decision in RA
226/2015. In dismissing the plaintiff’s appeals in RA 224/2015 and RA
225/2015, I agreed with the AR’s reasoning, which I found to be commendably
clear. In brief, the AR found that the plaintiff’s claim, premised on the
agency of OW Singapore, was _both_ legally and factually unsustainable:

(a) Based on the authority of _Yongnam Development Pte Ltd v Somerset
Development Pte Ltd_ [2004] SGCA 35, the defendant had to be aware of the
plaintiff’s mistaken belief for acquiescence on the defendant’s part to
constitute estoppel by representation (the AR’s judgment at [50]–[52]).

(b) No representation could be inferred from the defendant’s silence or
omission to disabuse the plaintiff of its mistaken belief unless the defendant
was aware of the plaintiff’s mistaken beliefs and had a duty to disclose
certain facts (the AR’s judgment at [53] and [57]).

(c) The uncontroverted evidence was that there was no direct communication
between the plaintiff and the defendant until the plaintiff sent its letter of
demand dated 12 November 2014 to the defendant (the AR’s judgment at [65]).

(d) Even taking the plaintiff’s evidence at its highest, there was nothing to
show that the defendant was aware of the involvement of OW Singapore and the
plaintiff in the supply of the bunkers (the AR’s judgment at [68] and [69]).

(e) The evidence on the chain of back-to-back sale and purchase agreements for
the bunkers was not challenged by the plaintiff. The AR found that there was
no overarching agreement between the plaintiff and defendant _via_ the agency
of OW Singapore. First, under the back-to-back contracts, the bunkers were
sold at different prices; under the Contract _dated 30 September 2014_ (US$442
per metric tonne), the agreement between OW Singapore and OW China _dated 30
September 2014_ (US$445 per metric tonne) and the agreement between OW China
and the defendant _dated 26 September 2014_ (US$469 per metric tonne). Second,
there is no evidence that the sales documentation issued by the plaintiff were
ever transmitted to the defendant before the plaintiff’s 12 November 2014
letter of demand. Third, none of the sales documentation issued by OW
Singapore referred to the defendant as the buyer of the bunkers (the AR’s
judgment at [72]–[74]).

14 To this, I would add that based on the affidavit of John Kevin Phillips
(“Mr Phillips”) dated 8 December 2014 filed in support of the application for
a warrant of arrest (“the arrest affidavit”), the plaintiff relied on two key
facts to support its agency claim:

(a) Its General Terms and Conditions for Sale and Delivery of Marine Bunkers
from Big Port Service DMCC (incorporated by reference into the “Bunker Sales
Confirmation” dated 25 September 2014 issued by the plaintiff and accepted by
OW Singapore) (“GTC”) which asserted that OW Singapore was contracting as
agent on behalf of the shipowner (_ie_ , the defendant)[note: 3].

(b) The alleged supply of certain commercial details by OW Singapore, which
purportedly gave the plaintiff the appearance that OW Singapore was fully
authorised to conclude the Contract on the defendant’s behalf.[note: 4]

This position was maintained on appeal.[note: 5] Notably, the plaintiff never
asserted that the _defendant_ did or said anything to lead the plaintiff to
believe that OW Singapore was acting as its agent. As the AR noted, the
plaintiff relied solely on the defendant’s _omission_ to act (see the AR’s
Judgment at [55]–[56]).

15 At the hearing before me, the defendant’s counsel, Mr Toh Kian Sing SC (“Mr
Toh”), pointed out that the commercial details referred to in the arrest
affidavit were in fact supplied by the plaintiff, not OW Singapore. Having
considered the evidence before me, in particular, the email sent by the
plaintiff’s Mr Maxim Verbin to Ms Daria Kuznetsova of OW Singapore on 24
September 2014 at 4.07pm[note: 6], I agree that the objective evidence
suggests, contrary to the plaintiff’s repeated assertions, that the commercial
details were in fact supplied by the plaintiff, rather than OW Singapore. The
plaintiff’s reliance on OW Singapore’s alleged supply of important commercial
details is therefore based on a false premise, the consequences of which will
be elaborated below.

16 Regarding the plaintiff’s GTC, it is crucial to note that at its highest,
the terms of the GTC only prove that OW Singapore _held itself out_ to be an
agent of the defendant. It is well-established that the law does not recognise
the notion of a “self-authorising” agent. As the Court of Appeal held in
_Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (Publ), Singapore Branch v Asia Pacific
Breweries (Singapore) Pte Ltd and another and another appeal_ [2011] 3 SLR 540
(“ _Skandinaviska_ ”) at [38], “an agent who has no authority, whether actual
or ostensible, to perform a certain act cannot confer upon himself authority
to do that act by representing that he has such authority.”

17 The plaintiff’s counsel, Mr Lawrence Teh (“Mr Teh”), sought to rely on
_Egyptian International Foreign Trade Co v Soplex Wholesale Supplies Ltd and
PS Refson & Co Ltd (The “Raffaella”)_ [1985] 2 Lloyd’s Rep 36 (“ _The
Raffaella_ ”) and _First Energy (UK) Ltd v Hungarian International Bank Ltd_
[1993] 2 Lloyd’s Rep 194 (“ _First Energy_ ”) as exceptions to the self-
authorising agent rule. These cases, however, were of no assistance to the
plaintiff. As the Court of Appeal held in _Skandinaviska_ at [51], both _First
Energy_ and _The Raffaella_ were “based on a specific finding of fact that the
principal concerned had held out its agent as having authority to make, in
relation to the transaction in question, representations of the class or kind
of representations that the agent actually made, even though the agent knew he
had no actual authority to enter into the transaction itself.” In the present
case, there was no evidence, or even an assertion by the plaintiff, that the
_defendant_ (the purported principal) had held out OW Singapore as having
authority to make representations relating to the bunker transaction on its
behalf. The plaintiff had no reason to believe that OW Singapore was
authorised to make representations about its authority to act on behalf of the
defendant. In fact, as explained at [78] below, the defendant was not even
aware of OW Singapore’s involvement in the bunker transaction prior to this
action. There was therefore no basis for the court to find that the defendant
was bound by the Contract _via_ the agency of OW Singapore.

Setting aside the warrant of arrest

18 Although the AR struck out the writ, he declined to set aside the warrant
of arrest. It appears to me that the AR’s decision on this score was in part
the product of the manner in which the defendant’s application and arguments
were framed in the court below. The defendant applied to set aside the warrant
of arrest on the basis of non-disclosure of material facts. Given the AR’s
finding that there was no material non-disclosure, he ruled as a consequence
that the warrant of arrest should not be set aside. No submissions were made
before the AR on whether the warrant of arrest should nevertheless be set
aside as a consequence of the striking out of the _in rem_ writ.

19 Before dealing with the merits of the defendant’s arguments in support of
its claim for damages for wrongful arrest, it is perhaps useful to begin by
examining whether a warrant of arrest can exist independently of the _in rem_
writ under which it was issued, and whether damages for wrongful arrest can be
awarded if the warrant of arrest was not first set aside. It is necessary to
embark on this analysis because it has an impact on the AR’s decision in not
setting aside the warrant of arrest notwithstanding the striking out of the
_in rem_ writ.

20 Although damages for wrongful arrest are typically awarded in cases where
the warrants of arrest are also set aside, the setting aside of the warrant of
arrest is strictly not an invariable requirement at law. It is correct that in
a number of local cases where damages for wrongful arrest were awarded, the
warrants of arrest were also expressly set aside (see _The Dilmun Fulmar_
[2004] 1 SLR(R) 140 (“ _The Dilmun Fulmar_ ”), _The “Inai Selasih” (ex
“Geopotes X”)_ [2005] 4 SLR(R) 1 (though the award of damages was reversed on
appeal in _The “Inai Selasih” (ex “Geopotes X”)_ [2006] 2 SLR(R) 181 (“ _The
Inai Selasih_ ”)) and _The “Vasiliy Golovnin”_ [2008] 4 SLR(R) 994 (“ _The
Vasiliy Golovnin_ ”)). Further, _dicta_ in cases such as _The “Evmar”_ [1989]
1 SLR(R) 433 (“ _The Evmar_ ”) and _Treasure Valley Group Ltd v Saputra Teddy
and another (Ultramarine Holdings Ltd, intervener)_ [2006] 1 SLR(R) 358 (“
_Treasure Valley_ ”) may, _prima facie_ , give the impression that the warrant
of arrest must first be set aside before damages for wrongful arrest may be
awarded. However, in my view, these decisions do not require the setting aside
of the warrant of arrest as a _precondition_ to an award of damages.

21 In _The Evmar_ at [27], Chao Hick Tin JC (as he then was) held that the
question of damages for wrongful arrest did not arise _at that stage_ because
there were no grounds to set aside the warrant of arrest. However, Chao JC’s
observation in the subsequent sentence makes it clear that he did not intend
to lay down any principle that damages could only be awarded if and when the
warrant of arrest was set aside. Chao JC stated “[w]hether any damages are due
_eventually_ to the defendants on account of that arrest would have to await
the outcome of the substantive claim” [emphasis added]. The court therefore
did not foreclose the possibility that damages for wrongful arrest may be
_subsequently_ awarded notwithstanding the fact that the warrant of arrest was
not set aside.

22 Similarly, the court’s observation in _Treasure Valley_ at [32] that “there
is no legal basis for a claim for an inquiry for damages for wrongful arrest
to be assessed without the arrest being set aside” was made in the context of
the defendant’s failure to set aside the warrant of arrest at the
_interlocutory_ stage. In fact, the court went on to state explicitly at [33]
that “a dismissal of the appeal does not bar the defendants and Ultramarine
(if so advised) from pleading and contending at the trial that there was
malice in bringing this action for possession.”

23 There is therefore no rule that precludes an award of damages for wrongful
arrest just because the warrant of arrest is not set aside. Clearly, in an
interlocutory setting, if an application to set aside the warrant of arrest
does not succeed, it would follow that there is some legal and/or factual
basis to support the arrest of the vessel. That being the case, the underlying
claim will have to be determined at the trial of the action. At the trial, it
is open to the defendant to pursue a claim for wrongful arrest as a
counterclaim in the action if so advised. This course of action was adopted by
the defendant/shipowner in _Fal Energy Company Limited v Owners of the Ship or
Vessel “Kiku Pacific”_ [1998] SGHC 370 (“ _The Kiku Pacific (HC)_ ”). At the
trial of the action, Choo Han Teck JC (as he then was) dismissed the
plaintiff’s _in rem_ claim entirely and proceeded to consider the defendant’s
counterclaim for wrongful arrest even though there was no application to set
aside the warrant of arrest. In that case, damages for wrongful arrest were
_eventually_ not awarded because the court found that there was no malice in
the arrest. On appeal, the Court of Appeal affirmed Choo JC’s decision without
commenting on the propriety of awarding damages for wrongful arrest where the
warrant of arrest was not expressly set aside – see _The “Kiku Pacific”_
[1999] 2 SLR(R) 91 (“ _The Kiku Pacific_ ”). It is also worth mentioning that
in _The “Trade Resolve”_ [1999] 2 SLR(R) 107 (“ _The Trade Resolve_ ”), Chan
Seng Onn JC (as he then was) awarded damages for wrongful arrest even though
he held that the _in rem_ writ and warrant of arrest were both validly
_issued_ (see [17]). On the facts, damages for wrongful arrest were awarded
because the court’s _in rem_ jurisdiction was not validly _invoked_ when the
plaintiff arrested the vessel outside the port limits of Singapore, which it
_knew_ it had no authority to do under the warrant of arrest (at [78]). The
significance of the arresting party’s _prior knowledge_ on matters relating to
its right of arrest to the question of malice will be expounded on below.

24 Based on the above discussion, damages for wrongful arrest can be pursued
in at least three ways. Typically and most commonly, it is brought in
conjunction with an interlocutory application to strike out the writ and as a
consequence of the successful striking out, the warrant of arrest would fall
away as well. By adopting this course of action, the shipowner seeks to
convince the court that arising from the striking out, the claim is so lacking
in merit that an inference of malice can and should be drawn. Next, there are
instances where the shipowner does not seek to strike out the _in rem_ writ
because the claim is brought within the HC(AJ)A. However, due to non-
disclosure of material facts which led to the issuance of the warrant of
arrest, the shipowner applies _only_ to set aside the warrant of arrest and
seeks damages for wrongful arrest. This was done in _The Eagle Prestige_
[2010] 3 SLR 294 (“ _The Eagle Prestige_ ”) albeit unsuccessfully on the
merits. Proceeding by this mode, the _in rem_ writ remains alive and if the
shipowner is successful in setting aside the warrant of arrest, the arresting
party would be at liberty to proceed with the claim _without security_.
Depending on whether the malice threshold has been crossed, an award of
damages may be made against the arresting party. The third mode which is less
common is for the shipowner to provide security and defend the merits of the
claim at the trial (as was done in _The Kiku Pacific (HC)_) and to seek
damages for wrongful arrest as a counterclaim following the dismissal of the
claim. In this way, neither the writ nor the warrant of arrest is set aside. A
plaintiff is fully entitled to proceed with its claim for wrongful arrest in
this manner. In fact, _The Trade Resolve_ suggests that there could perhaps be
a fourth way to pursue a claim for damages for wrongful arrest at the
interlocutory stage without first applying to strike out the writ or even set
aside the warrant of arrest. Such instances are rare given that damages were
awarded in that case due to the unique circumstances of the court’s finding
that the arrest was effected knowingly and unlawfully outside the territorial
jurisdiction of the courts.

25 In my judgment, it is clear that the setting aside of a warrant of arrest
is not a prerequisite to pursuing a claim for damages for wrongful arrest. As
stated in _The Evmar_ at [10] citing _The Vasso_ [1984] 1 Lloyd’s Rep 235 at
241 with approval, “[t]he only prerequisite to the court’s jurisdiction to
issue a warrant of arrest is that a writ must have been filed in an action _in
rem_ ”. Following from this, it is clear that a warrant of arrest cannot exist
without an issuance of a valid _in rem_ writ. As such, once the _in rem_ writ
is set aside as was ordered by the AR and affirmed on appeal, it must follow
that the warrant of arrest must be set aside as well. However, it does not
follow that damages for wrongful arrest would be awarded as a matter of
course. It remains for the court to examine whether the arrest was actuated by
malice, express or inferred.

Wrongful arrest of the Vessel

26 I now turn to the crux of the present judgment, which is the issue of
damages for wrongful arrest raised by the defendant in RA 226/2015.

Principles governing the law on wrongful arrest

27 In _The Vasiliy Golovnin_ at [134], the Court of Appeal affirmed the long-
standing test set out in _The Evangelismos_ (1858) 12 Moo PC 352; 14 ER 945 (“
_The Evangelismos_ ”) (at 359; 948):

Undoubtedly there may be cases in which there is either _mala fides, or that
crassa negligentia, which implies malice_ , which would justify a Court of
Admiralty giving damages, as in an action brought at Common law damages may be
obtained. …

The real question in this case … comes to this: is there or is there not,
reason to say, that the action was _so unwarrantably brought, or brought with
so little colour, or so little foundation, that it rather implies malice on
the part of the Plaintiff, or that gross negligence which is equivalent to
it_?

[emphasis added]

28 Elaborating on the “focus or emphasis” of the inquiry under the two parts
to _The Evangelismos_ test, the Court of Appeal held at [137]:

… Focusing on the _first part_ of the passage… would mean that the inquiry
would be _both an objective and a subjective one_ into the _plaintiff’s state
of mind at the time of the arrest_ as there would be a need to establish if
the _plaintiff had a genuine and honest belief that the arrest was legitimate_
then. On the other hand, if the focus is on the _second part_ of the passage,
this would mean _a more objective inquiry_ into the circumstances prevailing
and the evidence available at the time of the arrest, so as to _determine if
the action and the arrest were so unwarrantably brought, or brought with so
little colour, or so little foundation, as to imply that they were brought
with malice or gross negligence_ …

[emphasis added]

29 The court then held that the inquiry should generally be focused on the
second part of _The Evangelismos_ test, _ie_ , “whether the action and the
arrest were so unwarrantably brought, or brought with so little colour, or so
little foundation, as to imply malice or gross negligence on the plaintiff’s
part” (_The Vasiliy Golovnin_ at [137]).

30 It thus appears that the test is ultimately premised on a finding of
**_malice_** (see also, _The Kiku Pacific_ at [30]). Malice may be found on
the basis of direct evidence of the plaintiff’s state of mind at the time of
the arrest, or it can be inferred if the claim is so unmeritorious that the
arresting party could not have honestly believed that he had an entitlement to
arrest the vessel (or at least recklessly disregarded whether he had grounds
to do so).

31 Specifically, the action or arrest may be considered to have been brought
“unwarrantably” or with “little colour” or with “little foundation” where,
_inter alia_ , there is “material non-disclosure in the affidavit in support
of the warrant of arrest”, or where “the writ of summons does not disclose a
reasonable cause of action” (_The Vasiliy Golovnin_ at [138]). Given that the
defendant has, in the present case, relied on both these grounds to seek
damages for wrongful arrest, it is helpful to consider them in some detail.

No reasonable cause of action

32 Malice may be inferred from the fact that a claim _lacks merit_. How weak,
however, must the claim be before malice may be inferred? In _The Kiku
Pacific_ at [29], the Court of Appeal rejected the notion that malice may be
inferred on the sole ground that there is no “reasonable or probable cause”
for the arrest because it “dilute[s] the threshold required for an action in
wrongful arrest to succeed”. This explains why damages for wrongful arrest are
not _always_ awarded whenever the court strikes out the plaintiff’s writ for
lacking a reasonable cause of action and/or for being frivolous and vexatious
(_eg_ , _The “Catur Samudra”_ [2010] 2 SLR 518). Instead, something _more_
than a lack of reasonable or probable cause is required before damages for
wrongful arrest may be awarded – the claim must have been brought with _so
little colour or foundation that it implies malice_. In this regard, it is
useful to examine how previous decisions have approached this issue when
awarding damages for wrongful arrest.

33 In _The Dilmun Fulmar_ , the plaintiff brought a claim against the
shipowner for unpaid repairs and arrested the vessel. The plaintiff
subsequently reached a settlement with the shipowner under which the shipowner
agreed to pay for the repairs in instalments. Pursuant to this settlement
agreement, the vessel was released. When the shipowner defaulted on the
instalment payments under the settlement agreement, the plaintiff re-arrested
the vessel. The plaintiff claimed that the settlement agreement entitled it to
revive its original claim in the event of the defendant’s default of any of
the instalment payments, and it was therefore entitled to re-arrest the
vessel. However, the sum claimed in the statement of claim, the affidavit
leading the arrest, and the plaintiff’s submissions, was the sum due and owing
_under the settlement agreement_ (at [9] and [10]). The High Court found that
despite the non-payment of the instalments, the plaintiff had affirmed the
settlement agreement by electing to enforce it in the proceedings. The
original cause of action had therefore been superseded, and the court had no
jurisdiction in respect of the original claim (at [16]). The settlement
agreement gave rise to a new cause of action which clearly did not fall under
the court’s admiralty jurisdiction. On this basis, Belinda Ang Saw Ean J
concluded that the re-arrest of the vessel was _mala fide_ and an abuse of the
court process, and awarded damages for wrongful arrest (at [17] and [18]).

34 In _The “AA V”_ [1999] 3 SLR(R) 664 (“ _The AA V_ ”), which will be
considered in greater detail below, damages were also awarded, _inter alia_ ,
on the ground that the plaintiffs’ claim lacked merit. The claim against the
defendants for unpaid bunkers was premised on the case theory that New Acmes
Trading Pte Ltd (“New Acmes”) were the defendants’ agent and had contracted
with the plaintiffs on behalf of the defendants. Judith Prakash J awarded the
defendant damages for wrongful arrest, and held that the plaintiffs had acted
recklessly in arresting the defendants’ vessel without investigating into
whether the defendants were in fact contractually liable to them (at [50]).
The learned judge found that the plaintiffs _knew_ when arresting the vessel
that they had dealt solely with New Acmes, and had no contact with the
defendants (at [49]). By neglecting the information which would have caused
doubt as to whether the defendants were the parties liable _in personam_ , the
plaintiffs had acted recklessly.

35 Finally, in _The Vasiliy Golovnin_ , the plaintiffs, Crédit Agricole
(Suisse) SA (“Crédit Agricole”) and Banque Cantonale de Genève SA (“BCG”),
arrested Far Eastern Shipping Co plc’s (“FESCO”) vessel, the _Vasiliy
Golovnin_ , in respect of a claim against FESCO arising out of a contract of
carriage relating to a sister ship, the _Chelyabinsk_ , and for damage to
their goods. FESCO had chartered out the _Chelyabinsk_ to Sea Transport
Contractors Ltd (“STC”), which, in turn, sub-chartered the vessel to Rustal SA
(“Rustal”). Five bills of lading were issued in respect of some Indian rice
cargo, and the port of discharge was stipulated in each of the bills of lading
to be Lomé, Togo. Crédit Agricole and BCG provided financing to Rustal, and
held the bills of lading as security. The parties had initially agreed to
effect a change of the port of discharge from Lomé to Douala in Cameroon. The
agreed switch of the bills of lading, however, did not ultimately take place
because there was a breakdown in the arrangement. Following the breakdown, STC
informed FESCO not to switch the bills of lading and not to enter the port of
Douala unless further instructions were given. It transpired that STC was
embroiled in a dispute with Rustal over unpaid hire for the chartered vessel.
Subsequently, STC instructed FESCO to discharge the cargo at the port of Lomé,
in accordance with the bills of lading. Soon after, FESCO received conflicting
requests from Crédit Agricole and BCG insisting that the cargo be discharged
at Douala. FESCO informed the banks that it could not discharge the cargo at
Douala without STC’s approval, and thereafter, discharged the cargo at Lomé.
There were allegations that part of the cargo was damaged upon the discharge
of the cargo, but security for this claim was provided by way of a letter of
undertaking from the vessel’s protection and indemnity club. After the cargo
was discharged, the banks arrested the _Chelyabinsk_ in Lomé in connection
with their claims for the damage to the cargo as well as for FESCO’s refusal
to effect discharge of the cargo at Douala. FESCO successfully applied to set
aside the arrest. The Lomé court found, _inter alia_ , that FESCO was not at
fault for acting on the instructions of STC, the charterers, as it was bound
to do so. Further, sufficient security had already been provided for the
damaged cargo claim. The banks did not appeal against this order.

36 Subsequently, the banks arrested the sister ship of the _Chelyabinsk_ , the
_Vasiliy Golovnin_ , in Singapore. FESCO applied to strike out the writ, set
aside the arrest and sought damages for wrongful arrest. The writ was struck
out by the assistant registrar and the striking out was affirmed on appeal,
but both the assistant registrar and the High Court on appeal declined to
award damages for wrongful arrest. On further appeal by both parties, in
addition to affirming the decision to strike out the writ and to set aside the
warrant of arrest, the Court of Appeal also awarded FESCO damages for wrongful
arrest. Not only did the court find that material facts were not disclosed
when obtaining the warrant of arrest, the court also found that the arrest was
without any reasonable basis. Given the merits of the banks’ claims had
already been considered and dismissed by the Lomé court, the banks _must have
been aware_ that they had no basis to arrest the _Vasiliy Golovnin_ in
Singapore (at [145]). In fact, the Court of Appeal found that “there was no
foundation” (at [146]) and further found that the “[b]anks’ claims against
FESCO for failing to comply with their instructions to discharge the cargo at
a port other than Lomé were, politely put, absurd” (at [148]).

37 Notwithstanding the high threshold of _The Evangelismos_ test, it can be
seen that our courts would not be slow to find wrongful arrest and to award
damages in appropriate circumstances. Indeed, this sentiment was expressed by
the Court of Appeal in _The Vasiliy Golovnin_ at [135]. From the above cases,
it is clear that the court will pay particular attention to _what the
arresting party knew, or must have known, at the time of the arrest_ (see [34]
and [36] above). Where facts which _clearly_ undermine the plaintiff’s claim,
and consequently, its right of arrest are known or must have been known to the
plaintiff at the time of the arrest, the courts will be more inclined to award
damages for wrongful arrest.

38 In this regard, the question as to how weak a claim must be before malice
can be inferred is perhaps a question that cannot be comprehensively answered
in every case by a single threshold test. While the courts have held that
malice may be inferred if the claim is _without colour or foundation_ , what
that means in practice is inevitably a matter of judgment, and can only be
determined by the court on the facts of each case.

39 I would add at this juncture that because the focus of the inquiry is on
malice of the arresting party, special attention should be paid to _what the
arresting party knew or must have known at the time of the arrest_. While this
is not the only factor the court should consider, it is certainly an important
one in evaluating the merits of the claim for wrongful arrest. If, based on
the information available, the court finds that the arresting party knew or
must have known that it had no reasonable or probable cause to arrest the
vessel, the court may well be justified in awarding damages for wrongful
arrest. By contrast, if the court only arrives at the finding that the
arresting party had no reasonable or probable cause to arrest the vessel after
a legal analysis of the jurisdictional basis of the claim (as in the case of
_The Inai Selasih_), or based on documents or information which were not
available to the arresting party at the time of the arrest, the judicial
finding in such circumstances _may_ not be a sufficient basis for an award of
damages.

40 While _The Kiku Pacific_ did reject the use of the phrase “reasonable or
probable cause” (see [32] above), it did so, in my view, in the context of
counsel’s submission that an absence of a reasonable or probable cause _alone_
can be sufficient to give rise to an inference of malice (see _The Kiku
Pacific_ at [18]). I accept that the absence of a reasonable or probable cause
_alone_ would not normally be sufficient to give rise to a finding of malice.
However, if the court finds not only that there was no reasonable or probable
cause for the arrest, but also that the arresting party knew or must have
known that it did not have reasonable or probable cause at the time of the
arrest, malice may be inferred and damages for wrongful arrest accordingly
awarded.

41 The critical difference between cases where the arresting party knows or
must have known that it had no reasonable cause of action at the time of the
arrest, and cases where no such finding on the knowledge of the arresting
party is made, may explain in part why the courts award damages for wrongful
arrest only in _some_ cases where the admiralty _in rem_ writ is struck out.
The fact that an arrest is made on the basis of a plainly and obviously
unsustainable claim may not _always_ justify an award of damages. In the _The
Inai Selasih_ , while the appellant’s writ and warrant of arrest were set
aside summarily, the Court of Appeal was satisfied that “the appellant
genuinely thought that it had a claim in admiralty”; the court found that the
appellant was merely “wrong in its interpretation or perception of the entire
arrangement” (at [32]). In other words, the arresting party did not know _at
the time of the arrest_ that it did not have a reasonable cause of action to
arrest the vessel. As the Court of Appeal observed at [32], the correct
inquiry is whether “the appellant applied for the Warrant of Arrest _knowing
or honestly believing_ that it could not legitimately arrest the ship or
_failing to apply its mind_ as to whether it could legitimately arrest the
vessel and nevertheless proceeding to do so” [emphasis added].

42 Thus, to conclude, a claim that is “so unwarrantably brought, or brought
with so little colour, or so little foundation” may _alone_ be sufficient to
justify a finding of malice, regardless of the arresting party’s subjective
state of mind at the time of the arrest. The finding of malice would be made
even more compelling in circumstances where the court determines that the
arresting party knew or must have known that it had no reasonable cause of
action when arresting the vessel. Malice, however, remains the centrepiece of
the inquiry, and a finding of malice is ultimately a fact-sensitive exercise.

Material non-disclosure

43 Material non-disclosure is a ground for setting aside a warrant of arrest
and consequently, for awarding damages for wrongful arrest if the non-
disclosure is deliberate, calculated to mislead, or if it was caused by gross
negligence or recklessness (_The Vasiliy Golovnin_ at [140], _The AA V_ at
[50]). The test of materiality for non-disclosure was summarised in _The
“Damavand”_ [1993] 2 SLR(R) 136 at [30] (cited with approval in _The Vasiliy
Golovnin_ at [85]):

... [T]he test of materiality is whether the fact is relevant to the making of
the decision whether or not to issue the warrant of arrest, that is, a fact
which should properly be taken into consideration when weighing all the
circumstances of the case, though it need not have the effect of leading to a
different decision being made. ...

44 The duty of disclosure requires the applicant for a warrant of arrest to
draw the court’s attention to material documents, even if they are exhibited
in the supporting affidavit. As observed in _The Vasiliy Golovnin_ at [94],
“it is not open to a plaintiff to say that it has fulfilled its duty to make
full and frank disclosure because the relevant facts can be distilled somewhat
from somewhere in the voluminous exhibits filed”.

45 In the present case, the defendant relies on the plaintiff’s failure to
sufficiently disclose the defences available to the defendant and the fact
that security was sought in aid of arbitration.[note: 7] It is thus important
to clarify the extent of an arresting party’s duty to disclose the defences
available to the defendant and the existence of and reliance on any
arbitration agreement.

Disclosure of defences

46 In _The Vasiliy Golovnin_ at [87], the Court of Appeal held that the
arresting party had a duty to disclose “defences that might be reasonably
raised by the defendant”, but that the duty only extended to “plausible, and
not all conceivable or theoretical, defences”. In the immediate aftermath of
_The Vasiliy Golovnin_ , there was some uncertainty as to whether the Court of
Appeal had expanded the scope of disclosure to include all the defences a
defendant may reasonably raise to the plaintiff’s claim (see Chan Leng Sun,
Teo Cheng Chuah Jack and Toh Kian Sing, “ _Admiralty, Shipping and Aviation
Law_ ” (2008) 9 SAL Ann Rev 54 at paras 2.13 and 2.21).

47 The question about the meaning and scope of “plausible defences” was
subsequently considered in _The Eagle Prestige_. In that case, the defendant
had applied to set aside the warrant of arrest on the ground of material non-
disclosure. In particular, the defendant argued on the strength of _The
Vasiliy Golovnin_ that the plaintiff had failed to disclose the defences
available to the defendant when obtaining the warrant of arrest. In discussing
the scope of the duty to disclose “plausible defences”, Ang J held that it was
“ _not_ generally directed at defences to the claim that may be raised at the
trial in answer to the plaintiff’s claim” [emphasis in original] (at [73]).
Instead, “plausible defences” are “ _matters that show up the claim as an
abuse of process, or one that it is so obviously frivolous and vexatious as to
be open to summary dismissal and, on any reasonable view, their omission, at
the application stage, is tantamount to or constitutes an abuse of process_ ”
[emphasis in original] (at [75]). These objections were further described as
matters “of such weight as to deliver the “knock-out blow” to the claim
summarily” (at [73] and [84]).

48 I agree with Ang J’s interpretation of _The Vasiliy Golovnin_. In my view,
an arresting party is not obliged to disclose all the defences which a
defendant may reasonably raise at trial. It is only obliged to disclose,
_inter alia_ , defences which are of such weight as to deliver, in Ang J’s
words, a “knock-out blow”.

49 This understanding of the duty of disclosure is consistent with the
underlying principle governing material non-disclosure – which is that only
facts which are _relevant_ to the _ex parte_ application need to be disclosed.
Commenting on the process of obtaining a warrant of arrest, Ang J observed
that “ _[t]he concerns of the court at the application stage are firstly, with
considerations of jurisdiction in rem (and generally not the merits of the
claim) and secondly, disclosure of material facts which are germane to
considerations of jurisdiction in rem and overlaying that is the absence of
facts and circumstances suggesting an abuse of the arrest process_ ” [emphasis
in original] (_The Eagle Prestige_ at [74]). Given that the merits of the
arresting party’s claim are _not generally relevant_ when obtaining a warrant
of arrest, it must follow that there is generally no duty to disclose defences
which only affect the merits of the underlying claim (as opposed to the
admiralty jurisdiction of the court) . As Ang J opined, “[e]nlarging the duty
to disclose plausible defences would effectively let in an aspect of
considering the merits of the claim by the backdoor” (_The Eagle Prestige_ at
[75]).

50 Indeed, the Court of Appeal in _The “Bunga Melati 5”_ [2012] 4 SLR 546 (“
_The Bunga Melati 5_ ”) at [94] confirmed that _The Vasiliy Golovnin_ “did not
intend to introduce a new merits requirement for the invoking of admiralty
jurisdiction”. As was opined in Chan Leng Sun, Teo Cheng Chuah Jack and Toh
Kian Sing, “ _Admiralty, Shipping and Aviation Law_ ” (2012) 13 SAL Ann Rev
46, by endorsing Ang J’s view that “the strength of the plaintiff’s claim on
the merits did not go to jurisdiction”, the Court of Appeal “appears to have
also endorsed Ang J’s observation in the court below as well as in _The Eagle
Prestige_ that a plaintiff is not required to disclose defences to the claim
at the stage of applying for a warrant of arrest, unless those defence [_sic_]
are of a nature that may potentially result in the action being struck out…”
(at para 2.14).

Disclosure of arbitration clauses

51 Is the existence of an arbitration agreement between the parties a material
fact that must be disclosed when obtaining a warrant of arrest? In _The Evmar_
at [13]–[14], Chao JC held that the omission to disclose the arbitration
clause in the bill of lading and the failure to depose that the defendants
were not able to satisfy the arbitration award did not constitute material
non-disclosure. It should be noted that Chao JC came to this conclusion even
though there was no equivalent of s 7 of the IAA in force then. When _The
Evmar_ was decided, a party could only arrest a vessel in aid of an
arbitration if it satisfied the court that the defendant would not be able to
satisfy an arbitration award which might eventually be obtained against it
(see _The Rena K_ [1978] 1 Lloyd’s Rep 545 (“ _The Rena K_ ”), cited in _The
Evmar_ at [23]). Chao JC reasoned that because the defendants could have
allowed the action to proceed and not apply to stay the action, the question
whether the parties would eventually abandon the _in rem_ action and proceed
with arbitration, and hence whether the defendants were able or unable to
satisfy an arbitration award, did not arise at that stage (at [14]).

52 In my view, Chao JC’s holding applies with even more force now in light of
s 7 of the IAA. Section 7(1) specifically grants the court the power to order
that “the property arrested be retained as security for the satisfaction of
any award made on the arbitration”, or that “equivalent security” be provided.
The common law requirement that the arresting party must prove that the
defendant would not be able to satisfy any eventual arbitration award has been
supplanted. The court’s jurisdiction to arrest a ship is no longer confined to
providing security in respect of an action _in rem_ (for the previous common
law position, see _The Andria now renamed Vasso_ [1984] 2 WLR 570 at 579–580).
An arresting party now may arrest a vessel as security for arbitration
proceedings under the IAA. It follows that the existence of an arbitration
agreement is now far less relevant to the court’s exercise of its _in rem_
jurisdiction to issue a warrant of arrest; the _same test_ focused on the
admiralty jurisdiction of the court (see _The Bunga Melati 5_ at [112])
applies regardless of whether the vessel is arrested to obtain security for
Singapore court proceedings or arbitration proceedings.

53 Mr Toh however pointed out that the Court of Appeal in _The Vasiliy
Golovnin_ at [40] appears to have taken the contrary view that “[i]t is
_necessary_ for a party who intends to _rely_ on an arbitration agreement to
disclose this to the court in an _ex parte_ application” [emphasis in
original]. It must first be noted that the Court of Appeal’s observation was
_not_ made in the context of setting aside the warrant of arrest on the ground
of material non-disclosure. In fact, the Court of Appeal’s decision on
material non-disclosure in _The Vasiliy Golovnin_ was not based on the
appellant’s failure to disclose the arbitration clause (see _The Vasiliy
Golovnin_ at [106]). Instead, these observations were made in the context of
the appellant’s submissions that the court below had erred in determining the
merits in striking out the writ when the dispute should rightly be referred to
arbitration (_The Vasiliy Golovnin_ at [29]). This submission was a complete
non-starter because it was the respondent’s prerogative to choose to strike
out the _in rem_ writ, rather than apply to stay the proceedings.

54 In any case, I do not think that the Court of Appeal intended to lay down
any _rule_ that a failure to disclose an intention to rely on an arbitration
agreement would _always_ constitute material non-disclosure such as to justify
the setting aside of the warrant of arrest. It cannot be said that the
existence of an arbitration agreement would _always_ be a material fact.
Instead, the Court of Appeal’s observation must be read in the context of the
reasons it gave for the relevance of the existence of an arbitration agreement
to the court’s decision to issue a warrant of arrest (see _The Vasiliy
Golovnin_ at [40]). I agree with the AR (see the AR’s Judgment at [128]–[130])
that an assessment of materiality should be made on a case by case basis,
keeping in mind the considerations stated in [40] of _The Vasiliy Golovnin_
(_eg_ , the need to avoid directly or indirectly pronouncing on the merits).
However, as the AR correctly reasoned at [130] of his judgment, at the stage
of obtaining a warrant of arrest, the court would generally not be pronouncing
on the merits of the claim. The need for the court to be cognisant of any
arbitration agreement to avoid the risk of trespassing onto the jurisdiction
of the arbitral tribunal is thus usually not engaged at that stage.

55 To sum up, I am of the view that there is no definitive rule requiring the
disclosure of an arbitration agreement for the purposes of obtaining a warrant
of arrest. The materiality of an arbitration agreement must be assessed on a
case by case basis. If the arbitration agreement cannot reasonably be
considered relevant to the decision to issue a warrant of arrest, especially
in light of s 7 of the IAA which expressly provides for the retention of
property arrested or provision of alternative security to satisfy an
arbitration award, the failure or omission to disclose the arbitration
agreement should _not per se_ constitute material non-disclosure. And, even if
the court finds that the existence of an arbitration clause is a material fact
that should have been disclosed, consideration should always be given to the
impact of the arresting party’s default, and whether the court should
nevertheless exercise its “overriding discretion” not to set aside the warrant
of arrest (_The Vasiliy Golovnin_ at [84], citing _The “Fierbinti”_ [1994] 3
SLR(R) 574 at [41]).

Grounds relied on by the defendant

56 Having set out the governing principles on the law of wrongful arrest, I
will turn to consider the grounds advanced by the defendant for its claim for
damages:[note: 8]

(a) The plaintiff mis-portrayed its claim as a straightforward claim for
unpaid bunkers when obtaining the warrant of arrest.

(b) The plaintiff’s case was conjured _ex post facto_ after the insolvency of
the OW Bunker group.

(c) The plaintiff persisted with the arrest despite being confronted with the
contractual chain of bunker supply contracts (plaintiff – OW Singapore – OW
China – defendant).

(d) The plaintiff wrongfully alleged in the arrest affidavit that OW
Singapore, acting as the defendant’s agent, had supplied “important commercial
details” for the bunker supply when the commercial details had originated from
the plaintiff and not OW Singapore.

(e) The plaintiff did not disclose the arbitration clause at the _ex parte_
application.

(f) The plaintiff falsely asserted that it had previous course of dealings
with the defendant through OW Singapore involving vessels “WMS Amsterdam” and
“Tong Hai”.

The plaintiff’s basis for arresting the Vessel

57 As stated at [14] above, the arrest affidavit was sworn by Mr Phillips on 8
December 2014. It is clear from the arrest affidavit that the _sole basis_ of
the plaintiff’s claim against the defendant is that the party who ordered the
bunkers, OW Singapore, had acted as the defendant’s agent in the transaction.
This much is clear from para 6, which expressly states “the Plaintiff was
contacted by Daria Kuznetsova, a bunker trader with OW Bunker Far East
(Singapore) Pte Ltd (“the Defendant’s agent”)”. The agency allegation is
essentially repeated and somewhat embellished in paras 11, 13, 16 and 24 of
the arrest affidavit.

58 Given that there was no direct dealing or communication between the
defendant and the plaintiff _at any time prior_ to the supply of the bunkers
(see [13(c)] above), what then was the basis of the plaintiff’s belief that OW
Singapore had acted as the defendant’s agent in ordering the bunkers?

59 As outlined at [14] above, from the arrest affidavit, it would appear that
the plaintiff had two bases for its assertion of agency:

(a) OW Singapore’s acceptance of the plaintiff’s Bunker Sales Confirmation
dated 25 September 2014, which in turn incorporated the GTC under which OW
Singapore confirmed that the order was placed on behalf of the Vessel’s
registered owner, _ie_ , the defendant.

(b) The alleged transmission of “important commercial detail of [_sic_]
relating to the Vessel and the manner in which marine bunker fuel was to be
supplied by the Plaintiff to the Vessel”.[note: 9] According to the plaintiff,
the transmission of the commercial details by OW Singapore to the plaintiff
gave the “appearance” that OW Singapore was fully authorised by the defendant
to order the bunkers on its behalf.

60 From my examination of the evidence before me, as briefly discussed at
[15]–[17] above, it is clear that these two alleged bases are groundless,
misleading and somewhat false. Before embarking on a closer scrutiny of the
facts leading to my conclusion that the two bases do not support the
plaintiff’s case, it is perhaps apposite, as forcefully submitted by Mr Toh,
to first examine the correspondence exchanged between the parties immediately
preceding the arrest of the Vessel. The correspondence would reveal the
information relating to the alleged agency which was available to the
plaintiff _prior to the arrest of the vessel_ , and that would assist in the
inquiry as to the state of the plaintiff’s knowledge then. As elaborated at
[39] above, the material inquiry is to examine “ _what the arresting party
knew or must have known at the time of the arrest_ ”.

Information available to the plaintiff prior to the arrest of the Vessel

61 Shortly after the supply of the bunkers to the Vessel on 1 and 2 November
2014, an event caused the plaintiff to communicate directly with the defendant
_for the first time_ – the announcement of the insolvency of the parent
company of OW Singapore, OW Bunker Trading A/S, on or about 7 November 2014,
which was followed shortly by the commencement of winding up proceedings
against OW Singapore in Singapore on or about 13 November 2014. It is critical
to examine the correspondence exchanged between the parties because it would
amply demonstrate that the plaintiff must have known that it neither had a
factual nor legal basis to assert that OW Singapore had acted as the
defendant’s agent in respect of the supply of the bunkers. More importantly,
despite knowing the defendant’s position prior to the arrest, no legitimate
effort was made in the arrest affidavit to address the court as to why or how
OW Singapore could conceivably have acted as the defendant’s agent. Instead,
as will be elaborated below, the plaintiff sought to give the false appearance
that the defendant had authorised OW Singapore to order the bunkers on its
behalf. As regards the point that the defendant had contracted with OW China,
all that Mr Phillips said was that “any alleged involvement of OW China is
_irrelevant_ to the Plaintiff’s contractual claim against the Defendant”
[emphasis added].[note: 10] As is now clear from the striking out of the
plaintiff’s claim, the involvement of OW China was not only entirely relevant,
it in fact operated as the effective “ _knock-out blow_ ” à la _The Eagle
Prestige_.

62 The direct communication between the parties commenced with a letter of
demand dated 12 November 2014 from the plaintiff to the defendant. It is
pertinent to observe that in the letter, the legal basis of the plaintiff’s
claim was stated to be a “lien on the supplied vessel [which] stems (amongst
other grounds) from the terms and conditions stipulated by us vis-à-vis both
O.W. Bunker Far East (Singapore) Pte Ltd and the vessel owners”.[note: 11] The
plaintiff did not condescend to explain what “amongst other grounds” was meant
to include. There is, however, a conspicuous absence of any assertion that OW
Singapore had acted as the defendant’s agent in respect of the supply of the
bunkers. As mentioned at [57] above, the ground that OW Singapore had acted as
the defendant’s agent has since become the _only_ basis for the plaintiff’s
claim and the issuance of the warrant of arrest. If this was in fact the
plaintiff’s belief and understanding all along, I would have expected this
ground to be specifically highlighted, instead of being camouflaged (if at
all) under the rubric of “amongst other grounds”.

63 The plaintiff sent a reminder to the defendant on 14 December 2014.[note:
12] The letter of demand and the reminder letter contained some details of the
claim which have a material bearing on the legitimacy of the arrest. First, it
identified the invoice which the plaintiff is relying on – invoice no 1014090.
Second, the amount owing under the invoice is stated to be US$1,768,000.
Finally, it sought to charge interest at five percent per month from the due
date of 14 November 2014. I will return to explain the significance of these
details when the defendant’s contract with OW China and the plaintiff’s proof
of debt against OW Singapore are examined below. As the defendant never had
any dealings with the plaintiff before, a robust reaction from the defendant
was hardly unexpected.

64 In the defendant’s response by email dated 17 November 2014[note: 13], the
defendant categorically informed the plaintiff that it had ordered the bunkers
from OW China and consequently, it “has the contractual obligation to pay” OW
China. The defendant warned the plaintiff that “any business interruption
(such as a ship arrest) suffered, and/or any purported exercise of a lien”
would be vigorously challenged since the plaintiff’s letter of demand had
specifically alluded to the purported existence of a lien.

65 On 17 November 2014, the plaintiff’s solicitors, Rodyk and Davidson LLP
(“Rodyk”) entered the scene. Rodyk wrote to the defendant to allege that the
defendant had bought, through OW Singapore (the defendant’s alleged agent),
4,000 metric tonnes of bunkers at US$442 per metric tonne from the plaintiff
and that a sum of US$1,768,000 is due and owing from the defendant.[note: 14]
This was the _first time_ the plaintiff asserted that OW Singapore had acted
as the defendant’s agent in the bunker supply. It is clear from the letter
that the plaintiff had purported to rely on the signing of the Bunker Sales
Confirmation by OW Singapore _as a warranty by OW Singapore_ that it was
authorised to order the bunkers on the defendant’s behalf. Rodyk also asserted
in the letter that “[t]he communication between you and your agent… show that
you had authorised specifically your agent to conclude the sale on your
behalf”. This alleged “communication” was the ostensible basis of the
plaintiff’s belief that OW Singapore had acted as the defendant’s agent. The
letter further stated that “despite the delivery of [the plaintiff’s] invoice
and despite [the plaintiff’s] reminder letters to [the defendant] of 12th and
14th November 2014”, the defendant had failed to pay the amount due and owing
under the plaintiff’s invoice.

66 These assertions are either misleading or false. First, there was never any
communication between the defendant and OW Singapore prior to the bunker
supply. It is telling that no such correspondence was ever disclosed in any of
the plaintiff’s affidavits. Second, the plaintiff knew that its invoice was
never delivered to the defendant prior to its 12 November 2014 letter of
demand. It was instead delivered to its contracting party, OW Singapore. The
fact that the invoice was unilaterally addressed to all and sundry – “To
MASTER AND/OR OWNERS AND/OR AGENT AND/OR OPERATORS AND/OR CHARTERERS OF M/V
XIN CHANG SHU” – does not change the undeniable fact that the invoice was to
the plaintiff’s explicit knowledge never actually delivered to the defendant
for payment.

67 In a further letter of 20 November 2014, Rodyk reiterated the plaintiff’s
case that it “had dealt solely with [the defendant’s] agent”, OW Singapore.
Implicitly, it acknowledged that it never dealt with the defendant. It is
clear from the letters sent by the plaintiff (whether directly, or through its
solicitors) that no specific allegation was ever made that the defendant had
done anything to lead the plaintiff to believe that it had appointed OW
Singapore to act as its agent for the bunker supply.

68 In response, the defendant’s English solicitors, Stephenson Harwood
(“Stephenson”), wrote to Rodyk on 25 November 2014 to reiterate the
defendant’s stance that it had contracted with OW China and not OW
Singapore.[note: 15] More importantly, the reply made it clear that OW
Singapore was never the defendant’s agent. Stephenson also provided Rodyk with
a copy of the contract between OW China and the defendant dated 26 September
2014 for the purchase of the same bunkers. A simple perusal and comparison of
the contract between the defendant and OW China and the Contract would reveal
significant differences in the terms. This dispels any notion that OW
Singapore was acting as the defendant’s agent, or at least casts serious
doubts on the agency case theory. Apart from the obvious differences in the
identities of the sellers and the dates of the contracts, the following
differences are critical:

(a) The price under the OW China/defendant contract was stated as _US$469 per
metric tonne_ which is to be contrasted with the price of _US$442 per metric
tonne_ as stipulated under the Contract.

(b) Payment is due within _30 days_ of the supply under the OW China/defendant
contract instead of _14 days_ under the Contract.

(c) Default interest of five percent per month from the due date is payable
under the Contract while there is no reference to any default interest under
the OW China/defendant contract.

69 These salient differences would and should have alerted the plaintiff to
the fact that OW Singapore had acted as principal and not as agent for the
defendant in entering into the Contract. This becomes even clearer when the
plaintiff’s proof of debt against OW Singapore is examined below. At any rate,
if the plaintiff was still minded to proceed with the arrest, it was at least
incumbent on the plaintiff to address these obstacles which clearly laid in
the way of its agency case theory. It must have been apparent to the plaintiff
that it makes no sense for the defendant to order the bunkers from the
plaintiff _via_ the alleged agency of OW Singapore at a price of _US$442 per
metric tonne_ and at the same time enter into a _separate contract_ to
purchase the same quantity of bunkers from OW China at a higher price of
_US$469 per metric tonne._

70 On 24November 2014, the defendant’s Singapore solicitors, Rajah & Tann
Singapore LLP (“R&T”) wrote to Rodyk to re-emphasise that the “allegation that
[OW Singapore] had acted as [the defendant’s] agent in relation to the bunker
supply is completely groundless”.[note: 16] Based on the correspondence
disclosed in the affidavits before me, there does not appear to be any
response from Rodyk as to why the plaintiff believed that OW Singapore had
acted as the defendant’s agent in spite of the fact that the defendant had
entered into a separate contract with OW China to purchase the same bunkers on
entirely different terms.

71 Against this backdrop, it is now appropriate to examine the assertions and
omissions in the arrest affidavit with a view to determining whether the
plaintiff had crossed the threshold for an award of damages for wrongful
arrest. By the time Mr Phillips filed the arrest affidavit, all the
information disclosed in the exchange of correspondence described above was
available to the plaintiff. How did the plaintiff address the agency issue
when obtaining the warrant of arrest?

Assertions and omissions in the arrest affidavit

72 The plaintiff relied heavily on its own GTC to support its claim that OW
Singapore had acted as the defendant’s agent. The arrest affidavit is
saturated with copious references to the plaintiff’s GTC. In particular, the
plaintiff referred to cll 3.2 and 10.11 of the plaintiff’s GTC which state,
_inter alia_ , that the sale and delivery of the bunkers was “for the account
of the registered owners” and “all sales… are made to the registered owner”,
respectively.[note: 17] According to the plaintiff, OW Singapore had confirmed
that it acted as the defendant’s agent by signing the Bunker Sales
Confirmation issued by the plaintiff, which incorporated the GTC.

73 The short answer to the plaintiff’s misconceived references to its own GTC
is that none of them can remotely assist the plaintiff to establish an agency
relationship between OW Singapore and the defendant. As explicated at
[16]–[17] above, it is trite law (an expression which I use very sparingly)
that a person cannot hold itself out as an agent on behalf of a principal.
Equally, a third party cannot unilaterally create an agency relationship when
none existed by relying on its own terms without the knowledge or consent of
the principal. In this case, it is clear beyond peradventure that at no time
prior to the supply of the bunkers did the plaintiff deal with the defendant
(see [13(c)] and [66] above). It has not been alleged in the exchange of
correspondence prior to the arrest or in the arrest affidavit that the
_defendant_ did _anything_ to lead the plaintiff to believe that OW Singapore
was acting as its agent. The only suggestion that the defendant had acted to
lead the plaintiff to believe that OW Singapore was its agent relates to the
alleged transmission of “important commercial details”, which I will now deal
with.

74 It appears to me that the plaintiff was well aware of the need to establish
some direct linkage between itself and the defendant in respect of the supply
of the bunkers in order to justify the intended arrest of the Vessel. Here,
the imperative to do so heightened because the plaintiff had, in its letter of
demand dated 12 November 2014, alluded to a “lien” as the “legal basis” of its
claim. Realising that such a lien for necessaries is not recognised under
Singapore law (see _The “Halcyon Isle”_ [1979–1980] SLR(R) 538), the plaintiff
needed to construct or perhaps contrive a case based on agency for it to have
any hope of arresting the Vessel in Singapore. How did the plaintiff seek to
achieve this? In my view, it sought to do so in a most misleading manner in
paras 8 and 17 of the arrest affidavit:

8 It will also be seen from the Purchase Order Confirmation that beneath the
details that I have described above, _there are details given by the
Defendant's agent on the commercial aspects of the supply_. The Defendant's
agent the [_sic_] records the commercial details relating to the supply or
[_sic_] marine bunker fuel to the Vessel, for example, that the marine bunker
fuel is to be supplied by 2 barges (with technical specifications), details on
Kavkaz port, the time within which the marine bunker fuel is to be delivered
to the Vessel, the requirement that all documentation is to be sent at least 4
days before the estimated time of arrival of the Vessel in Kavkaz, that 5, 4,
and 3 days advance notice of the estimated time of arrival of the barges is to
be notified to the local agent of the Vessel with an email copy to the
Plaintiff… _I respectfully request the Court to take note of these two aspects
of the Purchase Order Confirmation_ …

17 … I would also add that the Defendant for its part authorised the
Defendant's agent to transmit important commercial detail of [_sic_] relating
to the Vessel and the manner in which marine bunker fuel was to be supplied by
the Plaintiff to the Vessel. _This gave the Plaintiff the appearance that the
Defendant's agent was fully authorized by the Defendant to also conclude a
contract on its behalf_ , especially in [_sic_] when such important commercial
details are given at the same time as the inquiry by the Defendant's agent
with the Plaintiff on possible supply of marine bunker fuel to the Vessel and
especially when such commercial details were carried through and finalised in
the course of contractual negotiations…

[emphasis added]

75 The alleged “important commercial details” which the plaintiff was seeking
to rely on were, _inter alia_ :[note: 18]

(a) that the bunkers would be delivered at the Kavkaz roads in the Black Sea
Anchorage;

(b) the nomination of the local agent, Trans Taman Expo;

(c) the quantity and quality of the bunkers, _ie_ , 4,000 metric tonnes of 380
cst fuel oil;

(d) that 5/4/3 days followed by 48/24/12 hours ETA notices to be sent to the
local agent;

(e) that the delivery date is between 13 and 17 October 2014 and the delivery
time of the bunkers is between 30 to 60 hours, weather permitting;

(f) that the bunkers would be delivered by two barges; and

(g) that payment is to be made within 10 days of supply.

76 As stated in paras 8 and 17 of the arrest affidavit, the plaintiff relied
on OW Singapore’s Purchase Order Confirmation dated 30 September 2014, wherein
the above details were stated, to ground its belief that the defendant had
authorised OW Singapore as its agent to transmit “important commercial
details” to the plaintiff. The allegation that OW Singapore had supplied the
commercial details to the plaintiff was presented in the arrest affidavit as a
critical building block to support the agency argument. At the _ex parte_
hearing for the issuance of the warrant of arrest, the plaintiff’s solicitor,
Mr Khoo Eu Shen (“Mr Khoo”), specifically drew the court’s attention to this
allegation given its perceived importance to the plaintiff’s agency case
theory.[note: 19]

77 However, as pointed out at [15] above, this assertion is patently false as
those commercial details in fact emanated from the plaintiff. The details were
substantially lifted verbatim from an email dated 24 September 2014 sent by
the plaintiff to OW Singapore. This was admitted as much by Mr Teh during the
appeal hearing, though he attempted to suggest that one of the commercial
details relating to the choice of two barges came from OW Singapore. This is
also incorrect because the use of the two barges was the result of the
plaintiff’s own operational constraints. The plaintiff must have known that
paras 8 and 17 of the arrest affidavit were false given that the information
came from itself, not OW Singapore. At the very least, it was hopelessly
reckless and in my view, plainly inexcusable.

78 Although the plaintiff’s case theory is entirely premised on its belief
that OW Singapore had acted as the defendant’s agent in ordering the bunkers
from the plaintiff, interestingly, Mr Teh acknowledged during the appeal
hearing that there is in fact no evidence before the court to even suggest
that the defendant was aware of OW Singapore’s involvement in the bunker
transaction. Nevertheless, he maintained that the relationship between OW
Singapore and the defendant, _if any_ , should be investigated at the trial.
The facts in the present case are therefore entirely different from _The Bunga
Melati_  _5_ where the Court of Appeal refused to strike out the claim because
there was evidence before the court that an employee of the
defendant/shipowner had informed the plaintiff that the party who ordered the
bunkers was its agent. It bears mention that the bunkers were to be delivered
to the Vessel at the port of Kavkaz, Russia. The bunker transaction had no
connection with Singapore. On the face of all the disclosed documents and
correspondence, there is nothing to suggest that the defendant was ever aware
of OW Singapore’s involvement, let alone that the defendant appointed or held
out OW Singapore as its agent. That might well explain why the agency
allegation was not even raised by the plaintiff in its initial two letters of
demand to the defendant.

79 At the _ex parte_ hearing before the assistant registrar on 9 December 2014
for leave to issue the warrant of arrest, it is clear from the minute sheet of
the hearing that the plaintiff proceeded on the _assumption_ that OW Singapore
was the defendant’s agent. No explanation was offered by Mr Khoo as to why and
how OW Singapore could have acted as the defendant’s agent in the purchase of
the bunkers given that the objective evidence has revealed that the defendant
had purchased the same bunkers from OW China on different terms. This was
fully known to the plaintiff by then.

80 In referring to para 6 of the arrest affidavit, Mr Khoo informed the
assistant registrar that the “Defendant agent had dealt with the Plaintiff in
the past and were familiar with Plaintiff bunker sales confirmations and
general Terms & Conditions”.[note: 20] The impression from both para 6 of the
arrest affidavit and Mr Khoo’s elaboration as recorded in the minute sheet is
that there has been a course of past dealings _between the plaintiff and the
defendant_ through the agency of OW Singapore and therefore, the defendant
ought to be familiar with the plaintiff’s GTC. However, this is misleading or
cavalier, to say the least, because the defendant never had any prior dealings
with the plaintiff either directly or _via_ OW Singapore. Whatever prior
dealings the plaintiff might have had with OW Singapore concerned the vessels
_WMS Amsterdam_ and _Tong Hai_ , which the plaintiff knew have no connection
whatsoever with the defendant.

81 Further, although Mr Khoo drew the assistant registrar’s attention to the
exchange of correspondence between the parties’ respective solicitors, he
described the defendant’s position that it was contractually obliged to pay OW
China for the bunkers under a separate contract as a “[n]ew allegation” which
is “irrelevant to the [Plaintiff’s] contractual claim”.[note: 21] Mr Khoo also
gave the court the impression that the defendant was simply denying that OW
Singapore was its agent. However, the defendant’s position was neither “new”
nor “irrelevant”. It was also not a bare denial of the alleged agency. Unless
the plaintiff could offer a legitimate explanation to surmount the hurdles to
its agency argument (and none was attempted by Mr Khoo or the plaintiff in the
arrest affidavit), the defendant’s position was in fact fatal to the
plaintiff’s case. Indeed, the plaintiff’s case has since been disposed of
summarily precisely on the bases raised by the defendant right from the start.

82 In light of the above analysis of the indisputable facts leading to the
arrest of the Vessel, has the plaintiff crossed the threshold for an award of
damages for wrongful arrest to be made against it? I am satisfied that the
line is crossed. The _legal_ foundation of the plaintiff’s case, premised on
its own GTC to create the agency relationship, is a complete legal non-
starter. It is not a complex point of law at all. In the words of Ang J in
_The Eagle Prestige_ at [73], the summary dismissal of the plaintiff’s
reliance on its own GTC to create the agency relationship would unequivocally
constitute a “ _knock out blow_ ” to its claim.

83 The _factual_ foundation of the plaintiff’s case theory is equally
misconceived. Factually, the plaintiff’s case was largely premised on the
alleged transmission of “important commercial details” by the defendant to the
plaintiff _via_ OW Singapore, which has since been admitted to be false. Also,
contrary to the plaintiff’s assertion through Rodyk’s letter of 17 November
2014, the plaintiff knew that there was in fact no communication between OW
Singapore and the defendant and that its invoice was never delivered to the
defendant for payment prior to the arrest of the Vessel. This case is
therefore not simply a case with “ _so little foundation_ ”, or even a case
with “ _no foundation_ ” as was found to be the case in _The Vasiliy Golovnin_
at [146]. It was instead a case which the plaintiff knew or ought to have
known was based on a _false foundation_. Further, it was plainly inadequate to
simply inform the AR that the defendant’s position was that it was
contractually obliged to pay OW China for the bunkers under a separate
contract. The plaintiff was well aware of the undisputed fact that the
defendant had purchased the same bunkers from OW China not only on different
terms but, most significantly, _at a higher price._ This fact effectively
demolishes its agency case theory. It was a significant fact which should have
specifically been brought to the attention of the AR. As observed at [44]
above, the mere exhibiting of the OW China/defendant contract in the arrest
affidavit was manifestly insufficient to discharge the duty of full and frank
disclosure given the critical importance of the different terms between the
two contracts.

84 Accordingly, the malice threshold was crossed on both fronts – the
plaintiff’s case had “so little foundation”, and there was at least reckless
non-disclosure of material facts. My findings are not arrived at with the
benefit of hindsight or based on information which only became available to
the plaintiff after the arrest. Instead, they are squarely premised on
information which was readily available to the plaintiff _prior_ to the
arrest.

85 There is therefore no reason why the plaintiff should not be answerable for
the damages occasioned by the wrongful arrest of the Vessel. I would add that
the courts have awarded damages under less egregious circumstances. In this
regard, it is relevant to refer to the decision in _The AA V_ , where Prakash
J awarded damages for wrongful arrest under circumstances quite similar to the
present case. In that case, the claim was also for a sum owing in respect of a
supply of bunkers to the defendants’ tug allegedly at the request of the
defendants’ agent. The defendants argued, _inter alia_ , that they were not
liable to the plaintiffs _in personam_ as the latter had contracted with New
Acmes for the sale of the bunkers and New Acmes were not the defendants’
agent.

86 Prakash J found that the plaintiffs should have disclosed (a) the fact that
the orders were originally made by New Acmes purporting to act as the
defendants’ agent, (b) why they believed the alleged agency representation
even though the Portnet search subsequently undertaken showed another entity
was the tug’s general agent, and (c) the fact that 80 percent of the bunker
supplied had been loaded onto the barge rather than the tug (at [46]).

87 Awarding damages for wrongful arrest, Prakash J reasoned:

49 The defendants on the other hand submitted that there had been malice on
the part of the plaintiffs particularly in relation to the non-disclosure of
the material facts mentioned in [46] above. The plaintiffs knew at the time
they applied for the warrant that their only contact had been with New Acmes
and that the defendants themselves had done nothing to indicate that New Acmes
were their agents. _The plaintiffs had only New Acmes’ alleged representation
of the relationship on which to rely. They were also experienced bunker
suppliers and should have known that a person ordering bunkers for a vessel
who is not the owner of the vessel himself need not necessarily be the owner’s
agent_. He could be the charterer’s agent or a third party altogether. It is a
common term of time charter contracts that the fuel for the chartered vessel
would be paid for by the charterer and therefore a bunker supplier should make
careful enquiries as to whom he is actually dealing with before making any
supply to a vessel. Quite apart from the common knowledge in the trade, the
fact in this case which must have alerted the plaintiffs to the possibility
that the fuel was not bought by the owners of the tug for its operation was
that most of it went into another vessel altogether. The purpose of a tug is
to tow a barge carrying cargo from one place to another. It is highly unusual,
if not completely unheard of, for a tug to tow a barge behind it simply so
that it should have a reserve fuel tank for its own voyage. What would be the
purpose of such a long voyage for a general-purpose tug when no cargo is to be
transported?

50 I accepted the defendants’ submission that the plaintiffs’ _non-disclosure
of material facts was intentional and malicious_. Even if Mr Lui had made a
representation to them that he was acting as agent for the defendants, _the
plaintiffs had acted recklessly in attempting to arrest the ship without any
further investigation as to whether the defendants were in fact the persons
who were contractually liable to them_. All their dealings had been with New
Acmes. The invoices had been sent to New Acmes and when they were chasing for
payment the plaintiffs had chased New Acmes and their efforts had been
rewarded by part-payment made by New Acmes. _The plaintiffs had had no contact
with the defendants directly apart from the actual physical delivery of the
fuel to the tug and barge and had no basis to believe that the defendants were
the contracting purchaser other than Mr Lui’s so-called representation._ There
was information before them (_ie_ the Portnet search) that that representation
could have been false and they should either have carried out further
investigations or at the least have disclosed the information to the court so
that a proper assessment of the correctness of their claim could be made.
Instead, they deliberately chose to leave out all information which would have
caused doubt as to whether the defendants were the persons who would be liable
in an action in personam.

[emphasis added]

88 There are significant factual similarities between _The AA V_ and the
present case, but in my view, the differences in fact enhance the
justification for awarding damages for wrongful arrest in the present case:

(a) The agency representation in _The AA V_ was never made by the defendants,
but only by the agent itself. Here, the plaintiff’s case that there was a
representation of agency by the agent itself is even weaker. It is based
solely on OW Singapore’s acceptance of the plaintiff’s GTC, which unilaterally
imposed the alleged agency. The plaintiff never addressed the fact that OW
Singapore, in its Purchase Order Confirmation, expressly stated that the
bunkers were ordered under _its own account_.[note: 22]

(b) In both cases, the plaintiff had no contact with the defendant and had no
basis to believe that the defendant had contracted to purchase the bunkers
from the plaintiff. In fact, in the present case, the plaintiff knew _prior to
the arrest_ that the defendant had contracted with another party, OW China for
the same bunkers on different terms, and most significantly, at a higher
price.

(c) As observed by Prakash J at [49] of _The AA V_ , as experienced bunker
suppliers, the plaintiffs should have known that a person ordering bunkers for
a vessel who is not the owner of the vessel need not necessarily be the
owner’s agent. Here, the evidence strongly suggests that the plaintiff did not
believe that OW Singapore was ever the defendant’s agent to begin with. The
agency allegation was not mentioned in its initial letters of demand. In fact,
the plaintiff must have been aware that OW Singapore had contracted with it as
principal. In response to the court’s query, Mr Teh informed the court that
the plaintiff has filed a proof of debt against OW Singapore for the _same
claim_. The proof of debt dated 30 January 2015 against OW Singapore was
lodged with the provisional liquidators. Significantly, the proof of debt was
based on the _same bunker supply_ under the _same invoice_ no 1014090 dated 2
November 2014, and was for the _same amount_ of US$1,768,000. It is noteworthy
that in the proof of debt, the plaintiff stated that the “marine bunker is
sold and delivered on the credit of the vessel” and that it “may assert a
maritime lien against the vessels”. There is no mention of any alleged agency.
The reason for this is clear – by filing the proof of debt against OW
Singapore, the plaintiff is asserting that OW Singapore contracted as
_principal_ , and not as agent. This is entirely in line with the plaintiff’s
initial letter of demand dated 12 November 2014 which referred to the
purported lien and made no mention of any agency. The plaintiff’s filing of
the proof of debt merely reinforces my finding that it never believed that OW
Singapore was the defendant’s agent in ordering the bunkers. In fact, it was
aware at all material times that the converse was the truth.

(d) From a Portnet search, the plaintiffs in _The AA V_ knew that another
entity was the tug’s general agent, and not as alleged. Here, the plaintiff
knew from the exchange of correspondence that the defendant had contracted to
purchase the bunkers from another party, _ie_ , OW China. Therefore, the
defendant could not possibly be liable to the plaintiff under a different
contract with OW Singapore.

89 To conclude, I find that the plaintiff knew or at least must have known at
the time of the arrest that its claim was entirely without factual or legal
basis. In the circumstances, the fact that it nevertheless proceeded to arrest
the Vessel suggests malice. I also find that the plaintiff was, at the very
least, grossly negligent and reckless in not sufficiently disclosing the
defendant’s position when applying for leave to issue the warrant of arrest.
There was clearly material non-disclosure in that regard. The plaintiff’s
dismissive and cavalier attitude towards the defendant’s position that it had
purchased the bunkers from OW China on different terms, which it knew was
effectively a “knock-out blow” to its claim, is deserving of opprobrium.

90 For the reasons set out at [51]–[55] above, I do not find that the
plaintiff’s omission to state its intention to proceed to arbitration
constitutes material non-disclosure in this case. In any event, the plaintiff
did disclose the arbitration clause in the arrest affidavit and this was
brought to the assistant registrar’s attention.[note: 23] Further, in my view,
the intention to proceed to arbitration would not have made a difference to
the assistant registrar’s decision to grant leave to issue the warrant of
arrest.

Conclusion

91 In the result, the defendant’s appeal in RA 226/2015 is allowed. The
warrant of arrest is set aside and the plaintiff is ordered to pay the
defendant damages to be assessed for the wrongful arrest of the Vessel from 10
to 12 December 2014. Costs of $10,000 inclusive of disbursements are awarded
to the defendant for the hearings here and below. In the event that an
application for assessment of damages for the wrongful arrest is filed by the
defendant, I direct that the assessment hearing be fixed before me.

* * *

[note: 1]Qiao Qiming’s affidavit dated 30 December 2014 at paras 26–29, pp
149–154

[note: 2]Qiao Qiming’s affidavit dated 30 December 2014 at paras 40(e) and (f)

[note: 3]John Kevin Phillip’s affidavit dated 9 December 2014 at para 13

[note: 4]John Kevin Phillip’s affidavit dated 9 December 2014 at para 17

[note: 5]Plaintiff’s submissions dated 21 September 2015 (“Plaintiff’s
submissions”) at paras 12, 15–19

[note: 6]Maxim Verbin’s affidavit dated 4 February 2015 at p 25

[note: 7]Defendant’s submissions for RA 226/2015 dated 18 September 2015 at
paras 32 and 79

[note: 8]Defendant’s submissions for RA 226/2015 at para 79

[note: 9]John Kevin Phillip’s affidavit dated 9 December 2014 at para 17

[note: 10]John Kevin Phillip’s affidavit dated 9 December 2014 at para 24

[note: 11]John Kevin Phillip’s affidavit dated 9 December 2014 at pp 48–49;
Qiao Qiming’s affidavit dated 30 December 2014 at para 33, pp 157–158

[note: 12]John Kevin Phillip’s affidavit dated 9 December 2014 at p50

[note: 13]John Kevin Phillip’s affidavit dated 9 December 2014 at p 82

[note: 14]John Kevin Phillip’s affidavit dated 9 December 2014 at pp 52–53

[note: 15]DBOD, pp 87–88

[note: 16]Defendant’s bundle of documents (“DBOD”), p 93

[note: 17]John Kevin Phillip’s affidavit dated 9 December 2014 at paras 13(c)
and 13(g)

[note: 18]John Kevin Phillip’s affidavit dated 9 December 2014 at p 23

[note: 19]AR Jay Lee’s minute sheet dated 9 December 2014 at p 5 lines 11–18

[note: 20]AR Jay Lee’s minute sheet dated 9 December 2014 at p 4 line 35 – p 5
line 1

[note: 21]AR Jay Lee’s minute sheet dated 9 December 2014 at p 8 line 33 – p 9
line 3

[note: 22]John Kevin Phillip’s affidavit dated 9 December 2014 at p 23

[note: 23]John Kevin Phillip’s affidavit dated 9 December 2014 at para 13(j),
AR Jay Lee’s minute sheet dated 9 December 2014 at p 7 lines 14–16

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 04 Dec 2015 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

