Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Lee Siew Boon Winston _v_ Public Prosecutor  
[2015] SGCA 67

Case Number| :| Criminal Motion No 21 of 2015  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 30 November 2015  
Tribunal/Court| :| Court of Appeal  
Coram| :|  Sundaresh Menon CJ; Chao Hick Tin JA; Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  N Sreenivasan SC, S Balamurugan and Lim Jie (Straits Law
Practice LLC) for the applicant; and Kow Keng Siong, Sarah Shi and Sarah Ong
(Attorney-General's Chambers) for the respondent.  
Parties| :|  LEE SIEW BOON WINSTON — PUBLIC PROSECUTOR  
  
[LawNet Editorial Note: The decision from which this appeal arose is reported
at [2015] 4 SLR 1184.]

30 November 2015|  
---|---  
  
Sundaresh Menon CJ (delivering the judgment of the court _ex tempore_):

1 On 28 March 2014, the applicant was convicted of two charges of using
criminal force on the complainant, a 38-year-old female, with the intention to
outrage her modesty, under s 354(1) of the Penal Code (Cap 224, 2008 Rev Ed).
He was sentenced to an aggregate term of ten months’ imprisonment. The
district judge’s decision is published as _Public Prosecutor v Winston Lee
Siew Boon_ [2014] SGDC 308. The applicant appealed against the district
judge’s decision, but his appeal against both his conviction and sentence was
dismissed by Chan Seng Onn J in _Lee Siew Boon Winston v Public Prosecutor_
[2015] 4 SLR 1184 (“ _Lee Siew Boon Winston_ ”). One issue that arose during
the trial and at the appeal was whether the Prosecution had a duty to disclose
two statements of the complainant which had been recorded by the investigating
officer.

2 In this criminal motion, the applicant applies for leave to refer the
following questions of law to the Court of Appeal pursuant to s 397(1) of the
Criminal Procedure Code (Cap 68, 2012 Rev Ed):

**__Question 1__**

Whether the presumption of legality or regularity of acts done in relation to
the exercise of prosecutorial power, expressed by this Honourable Court in
**_Ramalingam Ravinthran v Attorney General_** [2012] 2 SLR 49 at [46]:

(a) Applies only to matters where the prosecution exercises constitutional or
discretionary powers and not to matters relating to the conduct of a trial by
the prosecution, in particular in relation to duties owed to the Court; or
whether the presumption

(b) Also applies in relation to the prosecution’s duty of disclosure under its
**_Kadar_** obligations, and therefore the court proceeds on the assumption
that that the prosecution has fulfilled its Kadar presumption, for the reasons
set out [in the Judgment at [167]–[169]]?

**__Question 2__**

Arising from and considering the answer to Question 1, what is the threshold
test such that the prosecution has to show compliance with its **_Kadar_**
obligations? Is it “reasonable grounds for belief that the prosecution has
failed to comply with its **_Kadar_** obligations” or “that there is some
doubt, dispute or uncertainty as to whether the unused material in the
possession of the prosecution is credible and/or relevant to the guilt or
innocence of the accused”?

**__Question 3__**

(a) What are the considerations for requiring disclosure of the unused
statement of the complainant?

(b) In cases involving rape and outrage of modesty generally, and in relation
to the statements of the complainant in this case specifically, what are the
considerations for requiring disclosure of the unused statement of the
complainant?

(c) To what extent, if any, should the absence of corroboration and the need
for the evidence of the complainant to be unusually convincing affect
**_Kadar_** obligations requiring disclosure of the unused statement of the
complainant?

3 Having heard the submissions of counsel for the applicant, Mr N Sreenivasan
SC (“Mr Sreenivasan”), we dismissed the application.

4 At the outset, we should reiterate that in our system of criminal justice,
there is only one tier of appeal. In this case, the applicant was convicted
after trial; an appeal was subsequently filed and that was dismissed. The
applicant has no further right to appeal. What is left is the criminal
reference procedure, where one or more questions of law of public interest can
be brought to the Court of Appeal, but only with leave.

5 There are clear limitations on the bringing of a criminal reference, and
those limitations have been, and will continue to be, observed scrupulously so
that our system of a single tier of appeal does not in substance become a
system with two tiers of appeal. As this court observed in _Mohammad Faizal
bin Sabtu and another matter v Public Prosecutor and another matter_ [2013] 2
SLR 141 (“ _Mohammad Faizal_ ”) at [21], “[t]o liberally construe s 397 so as
to more freely allow a reference to the Court of Appeal would seriously
undermine the system of one-tier appeal”.

6 The aforementioned limitations are embodied in the four well-established
conditions which must be satisfied before leave is granted to bring a criminal
reference under s 397(1):

(a) first, the reference to the Court of Appeal can only be made in relation
to a criminal matter decided by the High Court in exercise of its appellate or
revisionary jurisdiction;

(b) second, the reference must relate to a question of law and that question
of law must be a question of law of public interest;

(c) third, the question of law must have arisen from the case which was before
the High Court; and

(d) fourth, the determination of that question of law by the High Court must
have affected the outcome of the case.

(_Mohammad Faizal_ at [15], citing _Bachoo Mohan Singh v Public Prosecutor and
other applications_[2010] 1 SLR 966 at [29])

7 Further, the court retains the discretion to refuse leave even where these
conditions are satisfied, although strong and cogent grounds would have to be
shown before the court exercises its discretion in this manner (_Mah Kiat Seng
v Public Prosecutor_ [2011] 3 SLR 859 at [13], cited with approval in _James
Raj s/o Arokiasamy v Public Prosecutor_ [2014] 3 SLR 750 at [15]).

8 As mentioned, Mr Sreenivasan posed three questions of law which he contended
should be answered. The first centres on whether the presumption of legality
affirmed by this court in _Ramalingam Ravinthran v Attorney General_ [2012] 2
SLR 49 (“ _Ramalingam_ ”) at [44] applies in the context of what was referred
to as the “ _Kadar_ obligation of disclosure” (stemming from the decision of
this court in _Muhammad Bin Kadar and another v Public Prosecutor_ [2011] 3
SLR 1205 (“ _Kadar_ ”)). In our judgment, this does not raise a question of
law of public interest. The presumption is a rebuttable presumption that stems
from the fact that those holding public office are to be taken, in the first
instance, to be acting lawfully (_Ramalingam_ at [45]). Mr Sreenivasan
submitted that this does not extend beyond the exercise of prosecutorial
discretion to the conduct of a case before the court. But we see no basis to
think that this is so. As was noted in _Ramalingam_ :

(a) At [46], the presumption is justified in the case of the Public Prosecutor
by virtue of his high constitutional office and hence the courts may presume
that when he acts, he is doing so to vindicate the public interest. In our
judgment, the underlying rationale for the presumption continues to apply
beyond the initial decision to prosecute through to the actual conduct of the
case in court. It is true that before the court, those conducting the
prosecution are also officers of the court and for any failure in this regard,
they may be held to account. But that is not an issue that has arisen in this
case; and

(b) At [47], the presumption is not confined to those holding constitutional
office but applies in a wider context.

9 This leads us to the second question, which centres on how the presumption
of legality may be rebutted. Mr Sreenivasan contended that there was a
difference between the contention advanced by the Defence that the presumption
would be displaced by proving “some doubt, dispute or uncertainty” as to
whether the unused material in the possession of the prosecution is credible
and/or potentially relevant to the guilt or innocence of the accused so as to
come within the ambit of the Prosecution’s _Kadar_ obligations, and on the
other hand, the contention of the Prosecution which was that the Defence would
have to show that there were “reasonable grounds” to think that the
Prosecution had not discharged its _Kadar_ obligations. In our judgment, and
with great respect, this was a distinction without a difference.

10 The crux of the test was correctly stated by Chan J in _Lee Siew Boon
Winston_ at [175]:

If the court is satisfied that there exist reasonable grounds to believe that
the Prosecution has in its possession material which should be disclosed, then
the presumption is displaced and the Prosecution has to show or prove to the
court that it has not in fact breached its  _Kadar_ obligation.

11 He then went on to summarise this, at [184(b)] of the same judgment, where
he said:

This presumption will only be displaced if the court has sufficient reason to
doubt that the Prosecution has complied with its  _Kadar_ obligation.

And as we observed to Mr Sreenivasan in the course of arguments, Chan J then
explained “sufficient reason” in the following terms:

In this regard, once the Defence satisfies the court that there are reasonable
grounds for belief that the Prosecution has failed to comply with its _Kadar_
obligation, the court will look to the Prosecution to show that it has
complied with its obligation.

12 In our judgment, this is a clear and correct statement of the position and
there is no occasion for us to revisit this on the present occasion.
Furthermore, as we pointed out to Mr Sreenivasan, this formulation strikes the
appropriate balance in enabling disclosure to be sought in suitable cases
without transforming the current system of disclosure of evidence that is
embodied in the applicable legislation and the jurisprudence of this court.

13 The third question is put forward on the basis of the suggestion that a
question of law of public interest arises in relation to the _application_ of
the test (whichever is thought to be the correct one) specifically in the
context of sexual offences. In our judgment, every test that rests on
objective criteria, such as the existence of reasonable grounds, will
necessarily be contextual in its application. In other words, what is
reasonable will necessarily depend on the context. There is no need,
therefore, to add to the “reasonable grounds” formulation in the specific
context of sexual offences.

14 It follows that there is no question of law of public interest raised in
the questions posted by Mr Sreenivasan, and the second of the conditions that
we have listed at [6] above has not been met. As we observed to Mr Sreenivasan
in the course of his arguments, his real complaint seemed to us to be that the
Judge had misapplied the test in this case. As to this, first, we observe that
in the absence of a finding that there is a question of law of public
importance, this is not a ground for us to allow a criminal reference. And
second, while we do recognise the force of Mr Sreenivasan’s argument that in
the context of a sexual offence where the outcome turns on which of two
competing accounts is to be believed, the inclination should be to make any
unused statements of the complainant available to the Defence, nonetheless, we
are satisfied that on the facts of this case, there has been no miscarriage of
justice. The applicant had volunteered a further statement to the police on 3
April 2012, which makes it clear that the applicant

(a) admits that he examined the complainant;

(b) admits that he had touched her breast;

(c) admits that he may have touched her nipples;

(d) expressed his willingness to apologise and make compensation; and

(e) admits that he had done wrong.

The applicant did go on to say that this was unintentional. But, with respect,
that seemed to us to be a self-serving attempt to mitigate the damaging nature
of the admission contained in that statement. That statement was voluntarily
proffered and no objection was taken to it being referred to in the courts
below.

15 For these reasons, we dismiss the criminal motion. Mr Sreenivasan applied
for bail to be extended until 4 January 2016 and the Prosecution had no
objections to the application. Bail is therefore extended on the same terms
and the applicant shall commence serving his sentence on 4 January 2016.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 30 Nov 2015 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

