Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  The One Suites Pte Ltd _v_ Pacific Motor Credit (Pte) Ltd  
[2015] SGCA 21

Case Number| :| Civil Appeal No 134 of 2014  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 09 April 2015  
Tribunal/Court| :| Court of Appeal  
Coram| :|  Sundaresh Menon CJ; Chao Hick Tin JA; Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Michael Palmer, Chew Kiat Jinn and Tan Gek Theng (Quahe
Woo and Palmer LLC) for the appellant; Albert Balasubramaniam (Jing Quee &
Chin Joo) and Chew Ching Ching (Ching Ching Pek Gan & Partners) for the
respondent.  
Parties| :|  The One Suites Pte Ltd — Pacific Motor Credit (Pte) Ltd  
  
9 April 2015|  
---|---  
  
Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA (delivering the grounds of decision of the court):

Introduction

1 This is an appeal against the decision of the High Court Judge (“the Judge”)
in _The One Suites Pte Ltd v Pacific Motor Credit (Pte) Ltd_ [2014] 4 SLR 806
(“the GD”). We allowed the appeal and now give the detailed grounds for our
decision.

The facts

2 The dispute arose out of a contract for the sale and purchase of the
remainder of the lease over a property at 11 Leng Kee Road (“the Property”).
The Property was leased from the Housing and Development Board (“the HDB”).
The purchaser is The One Suites Pte Ltd (“the Appellant”), a retailer of motor
vehicles (except motorcycles and scooters). Cheong Sim Lam (“Cheong”) is the
sole director and shareholder of the Appellant. The vendor (and lessee of the
Property) is Pacific Motor Credit (Pte) Ltd (“the Respondent”).

3 On 27 July 2012, the Appellant exercised the option to purchase (“OTP”). At
that point in time, the Appellant had paid a total sum of $1.68m (being 10% of
the purchase price of the Property) to the Respondent as deposit under cl 3(a)
of the OTP.

4 Clause 10 of the OTP provided that the Property was sold subject to the
“existing approved use” (also referred to as “the Seven Uses” (see the GD at
[65])). Further, cl 12 of the OTP stated that:

(a) The sale and purchase herein is subject to the written approval from the
Housing and Development Board (“HDB”) or such other competent authority to the
sale of the Property by the Vendor being obtained and the parties hereto
hereby covenant with the other of them to comply with such relevant terms and
conditions that may be laid down or imposed by the HDB on them respectively.

a. In the event, the HDB refuses to approve the sale and purchase herein the
sale herein shall be rescinded and all moneys paid to account of the purchase
price herein shall be refunded free of interest compensation or otherwise, ...

b. The Purchaser shall within two (2) weeks from the date of the exercise of
Option, apply or submit the relevant application to the HDB and all other
competent authorities (if applicable) for the necessary approval(s). ...

c. For the avoidance of doubt, if the approval letter by the HDB is subject to
rectification of any unauthorised additions or alterations in the Property,
for the purposes of enabling completion, the Vendor shall give the necessary
undertaking to the HDB to attend to the rectification within the deadline
given by the HDB.

5 After the OTP was exercised, KhattarWong LLP (“KW”), the solicitors acting
for the Appellant, wrote to the HDB, the Urban Redevelopment Authority (“the
URA”) and the National Environment Agency (“the NEA”) for their respective
approvals for the sale and purchase of the Property.

6 The HDB and the NEA replied and sought clarifications from the Appellant. On
16 August 2012, Gary Tak Seng Leong (“Leong”) from the HDB sent an email to
inquire as to, _inter alia_ , the proposed use of the Property and
specifically asked for a “business plan”. KW replied the following day stating
that the Appellant would be using the Property for the Seven Uses; but no
business plan was provided. On 21 August 2012, the NEA also sent a letter to
seek clarifications on a number of matters. At Cheong’s request, his brother-
in-law, Jason Tan, attended to all of the NEA’s clarifications.

7 On 27 August 2012, the URA replied to Cheong’s application and stated that
the Property was “approved for workshop, office and showroom use”.

8 In response to KW’s reply on 17 August 2012 (see above at [6]), Leong from
the HDB called for a meeting with the Appellant to enable him to understand
the Appellant’s business plan. KW then arranged for a meeting between the
Appellant and the HDB on 12 September 2012.

9 On 3 September 2012, KW responded to the NEA’s letter of 21 August 2012. KW
informed the NEA that the Property would be used for the Seven Uses and that
it would furnish details of the business once they were available. As KW’s
response did not address the queries set out in the NEA’s letter of 21 August
2012, Chen Fu Yi of the NEA sent an email on 4 September 2012, requesting KW
to “furnish [him] with the necessary information required in the letter” so
that he could process the application. On 11 September 2012, KW supplied the
NEA with the Appellant’s responses to the queries raised in the NEA’s email of
21 August 2012. On the same day, the NEA notified the Appellant of the outcome
of its application. The letter stated as follows:

2 We wish to inform you that under the URA Master Plan 2008, the long term
land use plan for the subject site at 11 Leng Kee Road is for residential use,
notwithstanding that it is currently being used by industry at this juncture.

3 As your proposed uses (i.e. general motor workshop, store, showroom, staff
canteen, office and auxiliary purpose) do not conform to the long term land
use plan for the subject site, _we regret that we are unable to support your
application._

4 Please source for alternative industrial premises, which is zoned for B2
industrial use (ie. general/special) in the URA Master Plan. The proposed
industrial premises shall also be located at least 100m away from residential
premises and food industry. ...

[emphasis added]

10 On 12 September 2012, the Appellant met with representatives from the HDB.
Leong, who represented the HDB at the meeting, testified that the NEA’s non-
approval of the Appellant’s application was never brought up during the entire
course of the discussion.

11 On 21 September 2012, KW wrote to inform Leong that the “NEA’s consent has
not been obtained” and sought his confirmation on the status of the
application for the HDB’s approval. Three days later, on 24 September 2012,
Leong wrote to inform KW that that the HDB was “unable to grant in-principle
approval” because the “NEA’s consent has not been obtained”.

12 In light of the HDB’s response, KW wrote to Ching Ching, Pek Gan & Partners
(“CCPG”), the solicitors acting for the Respondent, on 25 September 2012
stating that the transaction had been “rescinded” pursuant to cl 12a of the
OTP and that the sum of $1.68m should be refunded. CCPG responded on 1 October
2012, rejecting the purported notice of rescission and suggesting that the
Appellant should: (a) revise its proposed use to conform to the NEA’s
requirement; and (b) appeal on the basis that all the properties in the same
stretch are used for motor car related industry purposes and that it would be
inequitable for the NEA to refuse to grant its approval “especially when [the
Property] is to be used as a clean industry basis”. KW disagreed with CCPG. In
its letter of 5 October 2012, KW stated that the Property was sold “subject to
existing approved use”, _ie_ , the Seven Uses, and not sold subject to only
the then existing use. KW also pointed out that the NEA had stated that the
area was zoned for residential use and that it therefore saw no errors in the
NEA’s decision which it could premise an appeal upon. KW concluded that there
was therefore no reason for the Appellant to either revise its application or
appeal against the NEA’s decision. CCPG replied on 8 October 2012 to say that
the Respondent was “checking on the matter with [the] NEA”.

13 The Respondent’s director, Tan Kah Tong (“Tan”), met with two
representatives from the NEA on 15 October 2012. On 19 October 2012, CCPG
wrote to KW to inform the Appellant that the NEA’s concern was with the fact
that the Property was zoned for residential use. CCPG also stated that the
chances of obtaining the NEA’s approval was “very high” if the Appellant
assured the NEA that there would be no change to the Property’s existing use.

14 KW responded to CCPG’s letter on 22 October 2012 and reiterated its view
that there were no reasonable grounds for the Appellant to appeal against the
NEA’s non-approval of its application. In its letter, KW asked for the
Respondent to repay the $1.68m deposit paid by the Appellant pursuant to cl
12a of the OTP. On 1 November 2012, KW issued a formal notice and demanded the
return of the $1.68m deposit. KW repeated its demand on 6 November 2012. CCPG
responded on the same day stating that it would take instructions from the
Respondent and that it would respond to the demand within the next seven days
or so.

15 Tan then wrote to the NEA on 8 November 2012, urging it to review the
matter and to reconsider its refusal to approve the Appellant’s application.
He asked the NEA to grant its approval with the express qualifications that
the Property was to remain zoned for residential use and that there was to be
no change to the “existing use” of the Property. On 23 November 2012, the NEA
sent an email to inform Cheong that the NEA (together with the HDB and the
URA) had jointly assessed his appeal and had decided to accede to it by
approving the sale and purchase of the Property. The letter, which was
attached to the email, stated that the NEA (together with the HDB and the URA)
had noted the Appellant’s “declaration and confirmation” that it was taking
over the Property “without any change of use” and that it had “in-principle no
objection” to this. KW wrote to the NEA on 28 November 2012 to inform it that
neither the Appellant nor KW had lodged any appeal with the NEA and to “reject
the representations, unauthorized appeal and [the] NEA’s purported decision”.
On 29 November 2012, Tan sent a letter to the Appellant requesting the
Appellant to, in light of the NEA’s approval, apply to the HDB for its
approval of the sale and purchase of the Property. CCPG sent a similar letter
to KW the next day. KW replied on 11 December 2012 and stated that the OTP had
been terminated and could not be retrospectively revived by the NEA’s letter
on 23 December 2012.

The decision below

16 The Judge took the view that the dispute revolved around cll 4 and 12 of
the OTP (see the GD at [45]). He found that a problem arose from the clauses,
namely that the OTP could remain in force indefinitely if the relevant
authorities “remained silent” after applications for the approval of the sale
and purchase of the Property were made to them (see the GD at [49]). This was
because the OTP only stipulated that the completion was contingent on the
grant of the HDB’s approval (see Cl 12(a), reproduced above at [4]) without
fixing any cut-off date for the granting of that approval (see the GD at
[49]). To resolve the problem, the Judge applied the three-step test for the
implication of terms laid down in _Sembcorp Marine Ltd v PPL Holdings Pte Ltd
and another and another appeal_ [2013] 4 SLR 193 (“ _Sembcorp Marine_ ”). He
refused to imply a cut-off date as it was impossible to identify any
particular date as the cut-off date; there was no basis to prefer one date
over another (see the GD at [62]). Instead, he found (at [63]) that:

... there was an implied term that the Purchaser had to use all reasonable
endeavours to obtain the written approval of HDB and such other competent
authority to the sale of the Property within a reasonable time. If no such
approval was forthcoming within a reasonable time after the exercise of all
reasonable endeavours, either party may give notice to rescind.

17 The Judge found that the HDB’s email of 24 September 2012 was “not a clear
and unequivocal rejection” of the Appellant’s application which would trigger
cl 12a of the OTP. He found that it was merely a statement by the HDB that it
could only process the Appellant’s application after the NEA’s approval was
obtained (see the GD at [70]). In his view, the key question was whether all
reasonable steps had been taken to obtain the NEA’s approval (see the GD at
[71]). He accepted that the NEA’s letter on 11 September 2012 “looked like a
clear and unequivocal rejection” of the Appellant’s application (see the GD at
[76]). He also found that the Appellant did not take any steps to try to
change the NEA’s mind or to clarify the NEA’s decision; this was in spite of
the fact that the rejection appeared to be inconsistent or unreasonable (see
the GD at [79]).

18 On the facts, the Judge found that the Appellant knew that there were
realistic prospects of success if it had appealed against the NEA’s decision
and that the Appellant ought to have done so (see the GD at [91]). But the
Appellant refused to do so because it had lost interest in the transaction and
was looking for an opportunity to rescind the OTP (see the GD at [92]).
Accordingly, he held that the purported rescission of the OTP by the Appellant
on 25 September 2012 was premature, and therefore invalid.

19 Even though the Judge found that the OTP had not been rescinded, he refused
to make the declarations sought by the Respondent (which were essentially
declarations to compel the Appellant to proceed with the sale and purchase of
the Property). He also refused to award damages because the Respondent had not
adduced _any_ evidence of its losses (see the GD at [109]). He nevertheless
allowed the forfeiture of the sum of $1.68m on the basis that it was not an
advance payment but, instead, was paid as security for the Appellant’s
performance of its obligations under the OTP (see the GD at [117]).

The issue

20 The issue before us was whether the OTP was rescinded by virtue of the
HDB’s email on 24 September 2012 pursuant to cl 12a such that the Appellant
was entitled to recover the sum of $1.68m paid to the Respondent under the
OTP. This, in turn, depended on:

(a) whether the HDB had refused to approve the sale and purchase of the
Property; and

(b) if so, whether the Appellant was obliged to use reasonable endeavours to
persuade the HDB to change its mind after it had refused to approve the sale
and purchase of the Property.

Our decision

Whether the HDB had refused to approve the sale and purchase of the Property

21 We start with the characterisation of the HDB’s email on 24 September 2012.
As mentioned earlier, the Judge found that the HDB had not refused to approve
the sale and purchase of the Property. We respectfully disagree. In our view,
the email dated 24 September 2012 indicated that the HDB was unable to grant
the in-principle approval because one of the prerequisites for granting the
in-principle approval (_ie_ , the NEA’s approval) could not be satisfied. It
is pertinent to note that, at that point in time, the NEA had unequivocally
_refused_ to grant its approval (see above at [9]). The fact that the NEA had
subsequently decided to reverse its decision by granting its approval after
Tan had made certain concessions on behalf of the Appellant (see above at
[15]) demonstrated that the NEA did not approve in the first place. We also
noted that the concessions made by Tan on behalf of the Appellant, which led
to the subsequent approval, required the Appellant to take over the Property
subject to the then “existing use”. In doing so, Tan had undercut the
contractually agreed Seven Uses (see above at [4]) which entitled the
Appellant to utilise the Property beyond the scope of its then “existing use”
and which appeared to be crucial to the Appellant since it affected how the
Appellant could have used the Property in the future (see above at [6] and
[9]). The subsequent approval was therefore wholly irrelevant, and with
respect, the Judge seemed to have been unduly influenced by it (as well as by
the Appellant’s inaction thereafter). More importantly, the fact that the HDB
might have been willing to reconsider the Appellant’s application if the
Appellant had subsequently obtained the NEA’s approval did not mean that the
HDB had not refused to give its approval. The Appellant had written to the HDB
on the status of its application, and the HDB had refused to approve it. A
look at the HDB’s email to the Appellant on 24 September 2012 from an
objective perspective would reveal that the refusal was clear and unequivocal.
Our finding in this regard led us to the next question, _ie_ , whether the
Appellant was obliged to use reasonable endeavours to persuade the HDB to
change its mind after it had refused to grant its approval.

Whether the Appellant was obliged to use reasonable endeavours to persuade the
HDB to change its mind after it had refused the Appellant’s application

22 It is not controversial that, in a case where the sale of land is “subject
to the approval” of the authorities (as in this case), there is usually an
implied obligation to use reasonable endeavours to obtain the requisite
approvals of the relevant authorities. There appears, however, to be some
uncertainty as to whether the obligation should _invariably_ extend to taking
further steps after any particular requisite approval has been refused. We did
not think so.

23 The issue before this court was a straightforward one. It was primarily one
concerning the _application_ of the relevant principles on “endeavours”
clauses laid down by this court in _KS Energy Services Ltd v BR Energy (M) Sdn
Bhd_ [2014] 2 SLR 905 (principles which concern _express_ “endeavours” clauses
but which are equally applicable to an _implied_ “endeavours” term) to the
facts at hand. To this end, it bears reiterating that one of the important
principles mentioned in that decision that whether or not an obligation to use
reasonable endeavours is satisfied is, at bottom, a _fact-centric_ exercise.
The present case is no exception. However, this case did raise a closely
related (and no less important) point: the contours as well as content of the
obligation to use reasonable endeavours are also determined, where relevant,
with regard to the _express_ terms of the contract itself. This must surely be
the case because it is axiomatic that an implied term _is subject to and
cannot contradict_ an express term of the contract.

24 In light of the above, it is clear that one would have to have regard not
only to the actual actions taken (and _not_ taken) by the Appellant pursuant
to its attempt to discharge its obligation to use reasonable endeavours to
secure the HDB’s (or any other relevant authority’s) approval, but also to the
precise facts which tell us what the precise point in time is when that
particular obligation is in fact _discharged_.

25 Turning first to what the Appellant had done, we noted that it was clear
that the Appellant had addressed all the clarifications sought by the NEA (see
above at [6]). This culminated in the rejection of the Appellant’s application
by the NEA _via_ the 11 September 2012 letter (set out above at [9]). This
last-mentioned rejection by the NEA in turn resulted in the _refusal_ of the
Appellant’s application by the HDB _via_ its 24 September 2012 email (a
decision that was clearly premised upon the NEA’s decision). Up to _that_
particular point in time, it could _not_ , in our view, be said that the
Appellant had _not_ used reasonable endeavours. The question, therefore, was
whether or not the Appellant was under any obligation to _continue_ to use
reasonable endeavours _thereafter_. In this regard, _the refusal_ by both the
NEA _and_ the HDB are of the first importance, having regard to _the express
terms_ of the contract itself – in particular, cll 12(a) and 12a thereof,
which are set out above (at [4]) and which we reproduce again as follows:

(a) The sale and purchase herein is **subject to the written approval from the
Housing and Development Board (‘HDB’) or such other competent authority** to
the sale of the Property by the Vendor being obtained and the parties hereto
hereby covenant with the other of them to comply with such relevant terms and
conditions that may be laid down or imposed by the HDB on them respectively.

a. In the event, **the HDB refuses to approve** _the sale and purchase
herein_**the sale herein shall be rescinded** and all moneys paid to account
of the purchase price herein shall be refunded free of interest compensation
or otherwise, within seven (7) days from the date of the Vendor’s receipt of
the refusal to the sale and purchase herein to the Purchaser in exchange for
the Purchaser’s return to the Vendor’s Solicitors of all documents of title
and the withdrawal by the Purchaser at the Purchaser's cost of all caveats and
cancellation of all entries relating to the Property at the Singapore Land
Authority as may relate to the sale and purchase herein, neither party to have
any claim or lien against the other whatsoever thereafter.

[emphasis added in italics and bold italics]

26 In our view, cll 12(a) and 12a are clear and unambiguous. The combined
effect of both these sub-clauses is that once the HDB _refuses to approve_ the
sale and purchase, that refusal brings the OTP to an end; the refusal of the
HDB simultaneously constitutes the cut-off point beyond which no further
efforts are required to be undertaken by the Appellant pursuant to its duty to
use reasonable endeavours. As already mentioned (see above at [23]), these
_express_ terms must prevail. Put simply, they determine the _content_ as well
as the _metes and bounds_ of the implied term on the part of the Appellant in
the present case to use reasonable endeavours to secure the approval for the
sale and purchase of the Property from the NEA as well as the HDB. To insist,
as the Respondent had, that the Appellant must – pursuant to the implied term
just referred to – engage in actions that _contradict_ the _express terms_ of
the contract itself is simply wrong as a matter of legal principle. It would
also undermine the purpose behind cl 12a which, in our view, must have been to
eliminate the possibility of a dispute when the requisite approval has been
refused, and to allow parties to have a clean break (see also the English High
Court decisions of _Lipmans Wallpaper Ltd v Mason & Hodghton Ltd and another_
[1969] 1 Ch 20 (“ _Lipmans Wallpaper Ltd_ ” _)_ and _Bickel and others v
Courtenay Investments (Nominees) Ltd_ [1984] 1 All ER 657 (“ _Bickel_ ”)).

27 However, the Judge held that the HDB had _not_ refused to approve the sale
and purchase of the Property, and as a result, the contract had _not_ been
rescinded pursuant to cl 12a. He observed thus with regard to cll 12(a) and
12a (see the GD at [49]) that:

There was, however, a problem in these clauses. Under the express contractual
framework, the time for completion was contingent on the grant of HDB’s
approval but the OTP did not specify any time limit for such approval to be
obtained, or a long stop date for the determination of the contract. It put no
obligation on the Purchaser to pursue the relevant approvals beyond the
submission of the applications. The end result was that if the Purchaser had
simply sat on his hands after making the applications, and the relevant
authorities remained silent, the OTP could continue indefinitely. I note that
cl 15 of the Conditions of Sale allowed for the parties to issue a notice to
complete but that, again, may only be given after the completion date. The
parties would find themselves in limbo.

28 In the circumstances, the Judge was of the view that it was necessary to
_imply_ a term in order to give the OTP efficacy. He then proceeded to observe
(and conclude) as follows (see the GD at [50]–[64]):

50 The question then is whether the court should intervene, and if so, how. I
am guided by the Court of Appeal in _Sembcorp Marine Ltd v PPL Holdings Pte
Ltd [2013] 4 SLR 193_ (“ _Sembcorp Marine_ ”), which laid down a three-step
test for implication of terms in fact (at [101]):

(a) The first step is to ascertain how the gap in the contract arises.
Implication will be considered only if the court discerns that the gap arose
because the parties did not contemplate the gap.

(b) At the second step, the court considers whether it is necessary in the
business or commercial sense to imply a term in order to give the contract
efficacy.

(c) Finally, the court considers the specific term to be implied. This must be
one which the parties, having regard to the need for business efficacy, would
have responded ‘Oh, of course!’ had the proposed term been put to them at time
of the contract. If it is not possible to find such a clear response, then,
the gap persists and the consequences of that gap ensue.

51 As for the first step, the Purchaser argued that there was no gap in the
OTP requiring the implication of any terms by this court on the basis that
both parties were represented by solicitors during the drafting and signing of
the OTP. I disagreed. I was disappointed that a contract drafted and
negotiated by solicitors for such a large transaction contained such a glaring
gap. In any event, even the most well-meaning drafter of contracts cannot
anticipate every eventuality. Similarly, the existence of negotiations does
not _ipso facto_ mean the parties contemplated the gap and chose to leave it
as it is.

52 As for the second step, it is clear for the reasons I have stated that it
was necessary in the business or commercial sense to imply a term in order to
give the OTP efficacy.

53 This brings me to the third step. It seemed to me the real issue was how
the gap should be filled.

54 The Defendant submitted that the OTP contained two implied terms:

(a) that it was incumbent upon the Purchaser to act with due diligence and
despatch and take all reasonable and necessary steps that were and/or are
necessary to facilitate and expedite the procurement of the written approval
of HDB or such other competent authority for the sale of the Property by the
Vendor under and in accordance with cl 12(a) of the OTP; and

(b) that the Purchaser and Vendor would co-operate with each other and do all
reasonable and necessary things to effect the consummation and completion of
the sale and purchase of the Property.

55 The Purchaser disputed this. However, it accepted that, in order for the
Purchaser to have the benefit of cl 12a and rescind the OTP, it had to show
that it had exercised all reasonable endeavours to secure written approval
from HDB. It had formulated this on the basis that this was the “plain and
ordinary meaning of the language of cl 12a”. It did not seem to me that this
was a plain reading of the clause at all.

56 Nevertheless, the Purchaser could hardly have disputed that it did have
this obligation, based on the authority of _Tan Soo Leng David v Wee, Satku &
Kumar Pte Ltd [1997] 3 SLR(R) 257_ (“ _Tan Soo Leng David (HC)_ ”). It was
stated by Judith Prakash J at [61]:

61 It is established law that where a contractual provision provides that
performance by one party is subject to the consent of a third party, the first
party cannot say that having asked for such consent thereafter the matter is
completely out of his hands so that if the consent is not forthcoming he is
released from further performance. Rather, as the Court of Appeal put it in
this case, **to avail himself of the right to rescind, such party has a duty
to show that he has taken all reasonable steps to obtain the consent of the
third party or that it was useless for him to pursue the matter with the third
party after the initial withholding of consent because it would have been
quite impossible for him to obtain the consent of the third party**. ...
[emphasis added in bold italics]

57 Having set out the foregoing, the difference between the parties’ positions
was not obvious at first glance. It appeared to me that, based on the
Purchaser’s interpretation of cl 12a, any failure to take all reasonable steps
would only operate to _disentitle_ his right to rescission, while the Vendor’s
implied terms would create _positive_ obligations on the Purchaser such that
it would be in breach of contract if it failed to do so. Assuming this was the
Purchaser’s position, this would not cure the gap that I have identified. If
the Purchaser failed to take all reasonable steps, it cannot rescind, but
there would still be no way forward. We return to the problem of when
completion should take place.

58 The Purchaser also submitted that “on the plain wording” of cl 4(a), the
OTP provided that the completion date ought to have been 19 October 2012 _at
the very latest_. Therefore, if the Purchaser failed to obtain approval from
HDB by the Alleged Completion Date, even if there was no express refusal, it
would be entitled to rescind if it had exercised all reasonable endeavours by
then. Once HDB refused to grant its approval, cl 4 of the OTP ceased to
operate, with the result that cl 12a of the OTP operated to entitle the
Purchaser to rescind the sale and purchase of the Property.

59 I disagreed. The plain wording of cl 4 indicated that the Alleged
Completion Date was the _earliest_ possible completion date rather than the
_latest_. Clearly, it must be possible for the relevant approval by HDB to
occur after the date of approval.

60 In this respect, the Purchaser submitted that this court should also draw
guidance from _Tan Soo Leng David (HC)_ at [62] where, after analysing the
relevant clause in that case, the learned judge found that the natural and
ordinary meaning of that clause was that the sale and purchase would be
_immediately_ rescinded in two instances. First, if the third party refused to
give its consent, and secondly, if the third party did not respond to the
request for consent for such a long period that its consent had not been
received by the completion date.

61 However, the clause in question in _Tan Soo Leng David (HC)_ expressly
stated that where such consent was not forthcoming by the completion date, the
sale and purchase of that property shall be deemed to be rescinded (see [12]).
That clause stated:

The sale shall also be subject to the consent of the Developers, which said
consent to the sale is required under the terms of the principal agreement.
_In the event such consent is refused or not received by the Completion Date
(as defined in Clause 7 below), the sale and purchase herein shall be deemed
rescinded_ forthwith whereupon all moneys paid hereunder shall be refunded to
you free of interest and subject thereto the sale and purchase herein shall be
cancelled and of no effect and neither party shall have any claim or demand
against the other for damages, costs, compensation or otherwise. [emphasis
added]

62 Clause 12a of the OTP did not contain such a stipulation. In effect, the
Purchaser was asking the court to _imply_ a cut-off date for pursuing all
reasonable endeavours. In my view, had the need for a cut-off date been
brought to the parties’ attention at the time of contract, they would have
said “Oh, of course!” (as specified in the third step of the _Sembcorp Marine_
test (see [50] above)). But it was impossible for a court to specify an exact
date as it would have no basis to prefer one date over another.

63 Having regard to the foregoing, I found that there was an implied term that
the Purchaser had to use all reasonable endeavours to obtain the written
approval of HDB and such other competent authority to the sale of the Property
within a reasonable time. If no such approval was forthcoming within a
reasonable time after the exercise of all reasonable endeavours, either party
may give notice to rescind.

64 In any event, based on the Purchaser’s own argument, the implication of the
Alleged Completion Date as the cut-off date for the exercise of all reasonable
endeavours would not assist the Purchaser. They had not taken any further
steps in pursuance of the relevant approvals after KW’s e-mail to HDB on 21
September 2012\. Indeed, that is generous, since an e-mail which merely
informed HDB that NEA had refused to give its approval could more reasonably
be construed as an invitation for HDB to follow suit than an attempt to
convince HDB to give its consent. Accordingly, if it was not entitled to
rescind when it purported to do so on 25 September 2012, the existence of a
long stop date made no difference.

[emphasis in original]

29 With respect, there were a number of problems with the Judge’s analysis set
out in the preceding two paragraphs. For a start, we respectfully differed
from the Judge’s view (see the GD at [49], and reproduced above at [27]) that
the express terms of the contract “put no obligation on the Purchaser [the
Appellant] to pursue the relevant approvals beyond the submission of the
applications”. This view completely ignored cl 12(a) which states that the
parties must comply with the terms and conditions that may be laid down or
imposed by the HDB – this would cover situations where the HDB grants a
_conditional_ approval. Apart from that, it was clear that there is an implied
term that the Appellant would use reasonable endeavours to obtain the
requisite approvals. The steps that must reasonably be taken to satisfy this
obligation would depend on _all the facts and circumstances of the case
itself._ In these circumstances, we did not see how the OTP could “continue
indefinitely”. We noted that the Appellant was obliged to make the requisite
applications within _two weeks_ from the exercise of the OTP (see cl 12b
reproduced above at [4]) and this meant that the circumstances would not
likely have changed dramatically such that the Appellant would have, at the
time of the applications, lost interest in the transaction. It is also
pertinent to note that the Appellant had, at that particular point in time,
paid a total of $1.68m as deposit, and the only way for the Appellant to
recover that sum under the OTP was for the HDB to refuse to approve the
transaction. The point is that once the HDB responds with an approval, a
conditional approval _or_ a refusal (or, for that matter, any sort of
clarification), that would have resolved the matter. It appeared to us that
the Judge had arrived at the view that he did only because he failed to
acknowledge that the HDB had refused to approve the Appellant’s application.
In light of the refusal by the HDB, it was not difficult to see why the
Appellant did not think that it had to take any further steps (and hence, it
appeared to the Judge as though the Appellant had “sat on his hands” (see the
GD at [49])).

30 The Judge was clearly concerned – and rightly in our view – with
establishing a _temporal cut-off point_ in order to ascertain whether or not
the duty to use reasonable endeavours had been fulfilled. We were of the view
that there were two ways of ascertaining such a cut-off point. If there was
_an express term_ stipulating when that cut-off time would be (for example,
upon the refusal by the authorities and/or the lapse of a certain period of
time), that would resolve the issue. If there was no such express term, then a
term might be _implied_ to the effect that the requisite approval would need
to be obtained (here, by the Appellant) within _a reasonable time_ (and _cf_
the Judge’s own view in the GD at [63]). What would constitute a reasonable
passage of time in this last-mentioned regard would depend on all the facts
and circumstances of the case. Indeed, it would appear _difficult_ to
determine this particular issue _apart from_ the more general (and central)
issue of whether or not the relevant party (here, the Appellant) had indeed
used reasonable endeavours to obtain the approval in the first place.

31 Returning to the facts of the present case, it was clear – as has, in fact,
already been pointed out above – that there _was an express term_ stipulating
what the relevant cut-off point is. That cut-off point would be arrived at
_when the HDB refused to give its approval_ – at which point the contract
would be rescinded and the Appellant would be entitled to recover all moneys
paid to the Respondent. That would be the end of the matter. There was no need
– as the Judge thought – to imply a term in the present case. Indeed, as we
have also pointed out above, it would be wholly inappropriate to imply such a
term in any event as it would be _inconsistent with_ the _express terms_ of
the contract itself. Put another way, there was (contrary to what the Judge
held (see the GD at [51], reproduced above at [28])) _no gap_ within the
meaning of _the first step_ as set out by this court in _Sembcorp Marine_ at
[101] – and which was in fact also cited and applied by the Judge (see the GD
at [50], reproduced above at [28]). As this first step (which is a _threshold_
one) had not been fulfilled, that was, once again, an end to the matter and no
further consideration of any implication of a term could arise (pursuant to
the next two steps of _Sembcorp Marine_ (and see, once again, the GD at [50],
reproduced above at [28])). Indeed, the _second step_ in _Sembcorp Marine
could not_ (again, contrary to what the Judge held (see the GD at [52],
reproduced above at [28])), _ex hypothesi_ , be satisfied as it was clearly
_un_ necessary in the business or commercial sense to imply a term _as the
parties had already provided for the situation concerned by way of an express
term._ As a result, there was no need to proceed to the third – and final step
– set out in _Sembcorp Marine_.

32 In the circumstances, it is not necessary to go on to address the remaining
analysis of the Judge, except in so far as he had relied on the observations
of the High Court in _Tan Soo Leng David v Wee, Satku & Kumar Pte Ltd and
another_ [1997] 3 SLR(R) 257 (“ _Tan Soo Leng David (HC)_ ”) at [61]. Indeed,
this would, in our view, be an appropriate juncture to consider these
observations as the Judge had (as we shall see) utilised them in a somewhat
different fashion. Although they have already been set out in the GD, it bears
setting these observations in _Tan Soo Leng David (HC)_ (at [61]) out in full
again (_together with_ the next paragraph ([62])), as follows:

61 It is established law that where a contractual provision provides that
performance by one party is subject to the consent of a third party, the first
party cannot say that having asked for such consent thereafter the matter is
completely out of his hands so that if the consent is not forthcoming he is
released from further performance. Rather, as the Court of Appeal put it in
this case, **to avail himself of the right to rescind, such party has a duty
to show that he has taken all reasonable steps to obtain the consent of the
third party or that it was useless for him to pursue the matter with the third
party after the initial withholding of consent because it would have been
quite impossible for him to obtain the consent of the third party**. See
[23]-[24] of the Court of Appeal’s [_Tan Soo Leng David v Wee Satku & Kuamr
Pte Ltd and another_ [1994] 1 SLR(R) 426] judgment ([46] _supra_).

62 ... the first defendant cannot contend that the sale was rescinded on 14
July 1992, _ie_ the date of MEH’s refusal to give consent _unless it can show
that as of such date, it had used all reasonable efforts to get the consent or
that it was useless to make such efforts_. ...

[emphasis added in italics and bold italics]

33 The court in _Tan Soo Leng David (HC)_ did refer to this court’s decision
in the earlier proceedings (in _Tan Soo Leng David v Wee, Satku & Kumar Pte
Ltd and another_ [1994] 1 SLR(R) 426 (“ _Tan Soo Leng David (CA)_ ”)). That
was an appeal against the decision to strike out the statement of claim – the
appeal was allowed, and the matter went for trial and that gave rise to the
decision in _Tan Soo Leng David (HC_). This court in _Tan Soo Leng David (CA)_
agreed with the reasoning of Denning LJ (as he then was) in the English Court
of Appeal decision of _Brauer & Co (Great Britain), Ltd v James Clark (Brush
Materials), Ltd_ [1952] 2 All ER 497 (“ _Brauer_ ”), who had opined (at 501)
that:

... in order to enable them [the sellers] to take advantage of it they must
show that, notwithstanding that all reasonable steps were taken by them, they
could not obtain a licence to export during any part of the shipment period,
or, alternatively, that it was useless for them to take any such steps, or any
further steps, because it was quite impossible for them to obtain a licence.

34 _Brauer_ was, in fact, a case which concerned a shipping contract which
included a clause that the “contract is subject to any Brazilian export
licence”. The sellers were obliged to secure the export licence. However, it
turned out that the export licence would only be issued if the goods were
shipped at a minimum price. The sellers did not meet that requirement, and
failed to perform the contract. It was not a case where an application was
made but consent was withheld. It follows that Denning LJ could _not_ have
been contemplating a situation where a party had to use reasonable endeavours
even _after_ consent had been refused and, hence, could _not_ have been laying
down any _normative rule or principle to that effect_. Indeed, it would have
been contrary to the position in England that, in the context of an assignment
of a lease subject to the consent of the landlord, the lessee (who was obliged
to use reasonable endeavours to obtain the landlord’s consent) may rescind the
contract once consent has been refused, regardless of whether such refusal was
reasonable or otherwise: see, for example, the English Court of Appeal in
Chancery decision of _Lehmann v McArthur_ (1868) LR 3 Ch App 496; as well as
the English High Court decisions of _Lipmans Wallpaper Ltd_ and _Bickel_. More
importantly, Lord Denning MR had, in the subsequent English Court of Appeal
decision of _Hargreaves Transport Ltd v Lynch_ [1969] 1 WLR 215, held that, on
the facts of _that_ case, it was not reasonable to expect the party to appeal
against the refusal of a planning permission even though there was a formal
appeal procedure available. It is also noteworthy that other cases have found,
on their facts, that the obligation to use reasonable endeavours would extend
to an appeal against the refusal to grant a planning permission (see, for
example, the English Court of Appeal decision of _IBM United Kingdom Ltd v
Rockware Glass Ltd_ [1980] FSR 335 and the English High Court decision of
_Jolley v Carmel Ltd_ [2000] 2 EGLR 154 (affirmed in _Jolley v Carmel Ltd_
[2000] 3 EGLR 68)). This further illustrates our point that there could _not_
be a rule or proposition that a party must _invariably_ use reasonable
endeavours even after consent had been refused.

35 Indeed, we do not think that this court in _Tan Soo Leng David (CA)_ could
have understood _Brauer_ differently. After citing _Brauer_ , this court in
_Tan Soo Leng David (CA)_ then proceeded to observe as follows (at [24]):

… So _also_ , in our view, there was a duty on the first respondents to show
that they had taken all reasonable steps to obtain the second respondents’
consent or _that it was useless for them to pursue the matter with the second
respondents after the initial withholding of consent because it would have
been quite impossible for them to obtain the second respondents’ consent_.
This is a question of fact which could not be decided on the affidavit
evidence, such as it was, and the matter has to go to a full trial for this
question to be decided ... [emphasis added]

36 It is clear that this court in _Tan Soo Leng David (CA)_ was merely
reiterating the statement made by Denning LJ in _Brauer_ (reproduced above at
[33]) which, as we understand it, means that there is no need to show that
reasonable steps had been taken _prior_ to the refusal if it can be shown that
it would have been useless to do so. It could not have meant otherwise as the
contract in that case expressly stipulated that the contract is “deemed
rescinded” if the requisite consent was refused (see _Tan Soo Leng David (HC)_
at [12]). It might not have been wrong to consider the steps taken after the
refusal on the particular facts of _Tan Soo Leng David (HC)_ given that very
little was done before the refusal to obtain the requisite consent. It was
_not_ a case where there was an application followed by a clarification (like
in the present case), but was a case where the consent was sought merely by
way of a simple letter stating that the proposed sale was to the plaintiff who
was “an eye specialist” (see _Tan Soo Leng David (HC)_ at [63] and [65]).
However, the events that transpired _after_ the refusal revealed that it was
quite impossible to obtain the consent _in the first place_ even if reasonable
steps were taken.

37 In our view, therefore, neither this court in _Tan Soo Leng David (CA)_ nor
the court in _Tan Soo Leng David (HC)_ was laying down a normative rule or
proposition which ought to be applied universally in other cases in the
future. In particular, as we have already emphasised, the duty to use all
reasonable endeavours is a _fact-centric_ one and the observations just
referred to were made in _Tan Soo Leng David (HC) in the context of the
particular facts of that case._ As already alluded to above, it appeared,
however, that the Judge thought that such a normative legal rule or
proposition was indeed being laid down in that case. This probably prompted
him to apply what was stated in _Tan Soon Leng David (HC)_ to the facts of the
present appeal as a legal rule or principle. In our view, _the factual
observation in Tan Soo Leng David (HC) cannot be transformed into a wholly
different kind (ie, normative) of proposition which would then apply to all
other cases (such as the present)_.The court in _Tan Soo Leng David (HC)_ made
the observations (at [61]) it did and therefore held as it did by reference to
(_only_) _the particular facts before it_. The observations and decision
therefore did _not_ apply to other cases such as the present – with each case
having to be examined by reference to their specific contractual terms as well
as facts. In the context of the present appeal, however, the _express terms_
are clear and (as already explained above), based on the relevant facts read
in connection with the relevant express terms of the contract, the Appellant
had (for the reasons set out above) clearly discharged its duty to use
reasonable endeavours and was entitled to regard the contract as rescinded
once the HDB had refused to approve the application on 24 September 2012.

38 For completeness, we should also briefly discuss two other Singapore High
Court decisions which have dealt with an issue that is similar to the one
before us. We begin with the Singapore High Court decision of _Group Exklusiv
Pte Ltd v Diethelm Singapore Pte Ltd_ [2003] 4 SLR(R) 582 (“ _Group Exklusiv_
”). Like the present case, _Group Exklusiv_ involved the sale and purchase of
a property which was leased from the HDB. The plaintiff was obliged under the
contract to apply for the approval from the NEA for the change of use of the
property. Clause 15(e) of the contract provided that:

If the consent of HDB, LTA and other relevant authorities in respect of the
sale and purchase and the change of use and the erection of the private access
road is _not obtained or refused by the date falling one (1) month before the
date fixed for completion_ , the sale and purchase may, at either party’s
option, be rescinded, whereupon all monies (including but not limited to the
deposit and goods and services tax, if any) paid by the Purchaser herein shall
be refunded to the Purchaser without any interest or compensation. [emphasis
added]

39 The NEA had informed the plaintiff in that case that the property could be
used as a vehicle showroom, but could not be used for spray painting and
vehicle repair. Consequently, the plaintiff gave notice of rescission, but the
defendant did not accept it and refused to refund the deposit. The court held
(at [9]) that the letter from the NEA constituted a “clear and unequivocal
rejection” of the plaintiff’s application for change of use. Having done so,
he went on to consider whether the plaintiff was obliged to appeal or to take
further steps to persuade the NEA to change its mind, and found that the
plaintiff had expended reasonable efforts.

40 We appreciate that, as a matter of prudence (and perhaps strategy), counsel
would almost always feel obliged to adduce evidence and make submissions on
the point that there should or should not have been further endeavours after
the refusal. Indeed, the evidence on the futility of further endeavours after
the refusal _may_ be relevant in certain cases, for example, where the refusal
was not as clear or unequivocal or where there is an appeal procedure
available. However, as we have mentioned earlier, in a case where the parties
have _expressly_ provided for rescission upon the refusal of the requisite
consent (as in the present case), the _implied_ obligation to use reasonable
endeavours could not extend beyond the point of refusal.

41 We proceed to consider the second case, the Singapore High Court decision
of _Ong Khim Heng Daniel v Leonie Court Pte Ltd_ [2000] 3 SLR(R) 670 (“
_Leonie Court_ ”). The plaintiffs, who were the majority owners of Grenville
Condominium, agreed to sell the property _en bloc_ to the defendant. The sale
was subject to the approval of the Strata Titles Board (“the STB”). The
contract provided that the plaintiffs would use their “best endeavours” to
apply and obtain the requisite approval (cl 7A), and if the STB did not
approve the sale, the monies paid should be refunded to the defendant (cl
8(c)). The plaintiffs made their first application to the STB and approval was
not granted as certain procedural requirements were not met. The STB did _not_
decide on the merits of the application. The defendant gave notice to rescind
the contract and asked for the refund of the deposit. One of the issues was
whether the agreement allowed for only one application to be made. The court
considered (at [18]) that there was nothing in cll 7A and 8(c) which
stipulated or implied that the plaintiffs must obtain the STB’s approval on
the first application. At first blush, this case appears to suggest that
further steps must be taken even after the STB had refused (notwithstanding cl
8(c) which states that the monies paid shall be refunded if the STB does not
approve of the sale). However, the better view is that no application was
properly made due to the procedural irregularities and it follows that there
could not have been a refusal by the STB which would suffice for the purpose
of cl 8(c). Indeed, this coheres with the court’s view expressed (at
[22]–[23]), as follows:

22 The plaintiffs submitted that when cl 8(c) refers to the Board not
approving a sale, it contemplates a decision made taking into account the
matters listed in ss 84A(7) and 84A(9) that the Board is obliged to consider.
It argued that the Board's decision of 2 June was not such a decision as it
did not consider the substantive aspects of the proposed sale.

23 That is a valid point. The Board had not ruled definitively on the
application. The Board had not considered the merits of the matter. The
plaintiffs had attempted to get the Board to consider their application, but
the Board had not really considered the application yet and had not decided
whether the sale should be approved or not.

42 In light of the above analysis, it is clear that neither _Group Exklusiv_
nor _Leonie Court_ stands for the proposition that the obligation to use
reasonable endeavours to obtain the consent of a third party would
_invariably_ extend to taking further steps after consent had been refused.

43 To summarise, the courts will usually imply an obligation to use reasonable
endeavours to obtain the consent of the third party in a case where the
contract is a subject to the consent of a third party. However, the question
of whether _that_ obligation had been satisfied will ultimately depend on the
precise facts and circumstances of each case. In that regard, it is important
to bear in mind that the scope of the obligation to use reasonable endeavours
is to be determined, where relevant, with regard to the _express_ terms of the
contract itself. If the contract provides for rescission upon the refusal by
the third party, then there can be no implied obligation to use reasonable
endeavours after there has been such a refusal.

44 Given our analysis and decision, there is no need to consider the further
question as to whether or not there is a duty on the part of the parties to
cooperate (which the Respondent contends should be implied into the contract).
Indeed, although most courts are in agreement that the seminal decision with
regard to this particular duty is that of the House of Lords in _McKay v Dick
and another_ (1881) 6 App Cas 251, the precise legal _basis_ might be
debatable (given the different views expressed in the case itself). The
precise content and scope of that duty have also not been considered by this
court, although it has been considered in the Singapore High Court in a few
cases (most notably and (relatively) recently by V K Rajah J (as he then was)
in _Evergreat Construction Co Pte Ltd v Presscrete Engineering Pte Ltd_ [2006]
1 SLR(R) 634 (“ _Evergreat_ ”)). Since _Evergreat_ , there have also been
developments across the Commonwealth (including Singapore) with regard to the
doctrine of _good faith_. Indeed, one key issue is what the _relationship_ is
(if any) between the duty on the part of contracting parties to cooperate on
the one hand and the doctrine of good faith on the other. In this regard,
though, we note that the present position in Singapore as set out in the
decision of this court in _Ng Giap Hon v Westcomb Securities Pte Ltd and
others_ [2009] 3 SLR(R) 518 (“ _Ng Giap Hon_ ”) is that there is _no_ implied
duty of good faith based on a “term implied in _law_ ”. However, this court in
_Ng Giap Hon_ was prepared to leave open the possibility that such a duty
could be implied by way of the _narrower_ category of “terms implied in _fact_
”. Whilst it is thought in some quarters that the English High Court decision
in _Yam Seng Pte Ltd v International Trade Corporation Ltd_ [2013] 1 Lloyd’s
Rep 526 heralded a more expansive approach towards the doctrine of good faith,
a close analysis of the judgment itself (especially at [131]) suggests that
the English position is not that much different from the existing Singapore
position in _Ng Giap Hon_ (reference may also be made to the English Court of
Appeal decision of _Mid Essex Hospital Services NHS Trust v Compass Group UK
and Ireland Ltd (trading as Medirest)_ [2013] EWCA Civ 200, especially at
[105]). It might also be usefully noted that this court in _HSBC Institutional
Trust Services (Singapore) Ltd (trustee of Starhill Global Real Estate
Investment Trust) v Toshin Development Singapore Pte Ltd_ [2012] 4 SLR 738
held that where there is an _express_ term in the contract that the parties
would _negotiate in good faith_ , this would be given effect to. However, the
law in this particular sphere (_viz_ , good faith) continues to be in a state
of flux. For example, the Supreme Court of Canada in _Harish Bhasin v Larry
Hrynew and Heritage Education Funds Inc_ [2014] SCC 71 recently held that
there is a duty of _honest performance_ which is, in turn, a manifestation of
the general organising principle of good faith. Whether or not the formulation
in this last-mentioned decision is too vague and general is a question which
is (fortunately) outside the purview of the present appeal – as is the (more
specific) issue as to whether or not the implied term of mutual trust and
confidence ought to apply in the _employment_ context such that a term ought
to be implied in _law_ that neither party will, without reasonable cause,
conduct itself in a manner that is likely to destroy or seriously damage or
undermine the relationship of trust and confidence between employer and
employee (this principle being first established in the leading House of Lords
decision of _Malik v Bank of Credit & Commerce International SA (in compulsory
liquidation)_ [1998] AC 20, which was, however, _not_ followed in the recent
High Court of Australia decision in _Commonwealth Bank of Australia v Barker_
(2014) 88 ALJR 814 (with the position in Singapore still left open for
decision in a future case (see the decision of this court in _Wee Kim San
Lawrence Bernard v Robinson & Co (Singapore) Pte Ltd_ [2014] 4 SLR 357))). It
will be immediately seen from this very short synopsis of the various issues
why the question as to whether or not there is a duty on the part of the
parties to cooperate and, if so, what its scope is and what its relationship
is to doctrines such as good faith, are all matters that ought best to be
decided in a definitive fashion only when they next come directly for decision
before the courts.

Conclusion

45 For the reasons set out above, we allowed the appeal with costs and with
the usual consequential orders.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 09 Apr 2015 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

