Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Public Prosecutor _v_ Micheal Anak Garing and another  
[2015] SGHC 107

Case Number| :| Criminal Case No 19 of 2013  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 20 April 2015  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Choo Han Teck J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Anandan Bala, Seraphina Fong and Marcus Foo (Attorney-
General's Chambers) for the Public Prosecutor; Ramesh Tiwary (Ramesh Tiwary),
Josephus Tan (Fortis Law Corporation) and Keith Lim (Quahe Woo & Palmer LLC)
for the first accused; Amarick Gill Singh (Amarick Gill LLC) and Justin Tan
(Trident Law Corporation) for the second accused.  
Parties| :|  Public Prosecutor — Micheal Anak Garing — Tony Anak Imba  
  
[LawNet Editorial Note: The appeals to this decision in Criminal Appeals Nos 9
and 11 of 2015 were dismissed by the Court of Appeal on 27 February 2017. See
[2017] SGCA 7.]

20 April 2015| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Choo Han Teck J:

1 The facts of this case are set out in my written judgment handed down on 20
January 2014 and I need not repeat them here. On the facts, counsel for the
prosecution and defence made submissions on the sentence. DPP Anandan Bala,
assisted by Ms Seraphina Fong and Mr Marcus Foo, submitted that both accused
should be sentenced to death. Mr Ramesh Tiwary (“Mr Tiwary”), assisted by Mr
Josephus Tan and Mr Keith Lim submitted on behalf of Micheal Anak Garing
(“Micheal Garing”), and Mr Amarick Gill (“Mr Gill”) assisted by Mr Justin Tan
submitted on behalf of Tony Anak Imba (“Tony Imba”). Counsel for both
defendants argued that the death penalty should not be imposed in this case.

2 Until the law was changed, anyone convicted of murder punishable under s 302
of the Penal Code (Cap 224, 2008 Rev Ed) (“Penal Code”) shall be punished with
death. But murder is defined in the Penal Code to include not only killing
with an intention to kill (s 300(a)) but also killing with the intention of
causing such bodily injury as the offender knows to be likely to cause death
(s 300(b)), killing by inflicting a wound that was sufficient in the ordinary
course of nature to cause death (s 300(c)) and killing with the knowledge that
it is so imminently dangerous that it must in all probability cause death (s
300(d)).

3 Section 302 was amended in 2012 so that the death penalty is retained for
murder with the intention to kill (s 300(a)), but murder under ss 300(b) to
(d), namely, without an explicit intention to kill, is now punishable with
either imprisonment for life and caning, or with death.

4 When a court refers to sentencing principles, it would be referring
explicitly or implicitly to principles such as utilitarian principles or
retributive principles. When it is determining how harsh or lenient it would
be, those principles remain relevant but the actual sentence meted out is
always a matter of the court’s discretion. That has to be so because the facts
of each case will always be different even if the more outstanding facts may
appear similar. Hence, one accused who punches another may be jailed for a
week whereas another might be jailed for a month. The circumstances of the two
cases may be sufficiently different to justify the different terms of
imprisonment.

5 Consistency in sentencing is also regarded as a principle and thus, courts
set broad precedents so that the discretion of the courts is not applied so
diversely that lawyers and the public have no indication what the accused may
face. That will lead to far too many contested prosecutions. Clarity and
consistency in sentencing has the greater utility of warning the public of the
punishment in store, and thus, in that sense, has a deterrent value.

6 When Parliament removed the mandatory death penalty for cases in which the
accused has no explicit intention to kill, it conferred a discretion to impose
a term of life imprisonment (with caning) as an alternative to the death
penalty to the court. Judicial discretion is exercised by taking all relevant
factors into account. In the case of sentencing in ss 300(b) to (d) cases, the
discretion is not one in which the judge can impose life imprisonment just
because he is personally not in favour of the death penalty. I do not think
that Parliament amended this section to give the courts a discretion that is
so broad and absolute. Whether the death penalty should be removed entirely is
a question for the legislature and not the courts. The question before me is
whether on the facts should the death penalty be imposed, and if so, whether
on one or both of the convicted accused. It is a question that must be
answered by a consideration of the facts.

7 Courts that have discretionary powers to impose the death penalty have used
various descriptions when they justify their decisions. The Court of Appeal in
_Public Prosecutor v Kho Jabing_ [2015] 2 SLR 112 (“ _Kho Jabing”)_ did not
find the description “rarest of the rare” that has been used by the Indian
Court in _Bachan Singh v The State of Punjab_ (1980) 2 SCC 684 appropriate,
because it is of the view that reserving the death penalty only for the
“rarest of the rare” or the “worst of the worst” cases “would mean that it is
only in the most extreme of circumstances and the narrowest of cases that the
death penalty would be imposed” (at [38]). The Court of Appeal in _Kho Jabing_
preferred to use “outrage the feelings of the community” to determine whether
the death penalty should be imposed.

8 Phrases like “rarest of the rare” and “worst of the worst” are general terms
intended to convey the sort of cases that would place the crime at such a high
level of opprobrium that would justify the penalty of death since no one can
tell which is the worst of the worst until the worst has occurred.

9 What conduct is likely to “outrage the feelings of the community” requires
some elaboration because not everyone who outrages the feelings of the
community should be sentenced to death. Thus, the Court of Appeal in _Kho
Jabing_ further held at [45] that:

In determining whether the actions of the offender would outrage the feelings
of the community, we find that the death penalty would be the appropriate
sentence when the offender has acted in a way which exhibits viciousness or a
blatant disregard for human life. Viewed in this light, it is the _manner_ in
which the offender acted which takes centre stage. For example, in the case of
a violent act leading to death, the _savagery of the attack_ would be
indicative of the offender’s regard for human life. The number of stabs or
blows, the area of the injury, the duration of the attack and the force used
would all be pertinent factors to be considered. [emphasis in original]

10 The Court of Appeal was clearly of the view that the phrase “rarest of the
rare” might lead judges at first instance to shove discretionary death penalty
into a remote corner of legal material where it may rarely be heard of again.
It therefore prefers a description that will admit more than the rare case.
But when we take into account the viciousness or savagery of the attack we are
not far from the “worst of the worst” and “rarest of the rare”. How vicious or
savage must the act be? Ultimately, the sentencing court must not take such a
lenient view that one would need to strain the imagination to find what facts
deserve the imposition of the death penalty. There is no scientific or
mathematical formula that determines what conduct deserves the imposition of
the death penalty. Linguistic descriptions can be helpful but can sometimes
confuse and mislead. The court has to find the facts, and then decide whether
on those facts the conduct of the accused and the circumstances of the case
merit the punishment of death. If the answer is “yes”, then one can garnish
the judgment with descriptive adjectives such as “heinous”, “savage”, or
“outrageous”; but when the facts speak for themselves, these descriptions are
unnecessary.

11 In this case, Mr Tiwary, realising that the deceased victim was only one of
four and the other three were close to death themselves, submitted that I
should ignore the three other victims because those three were the subject of
offences that were not part of the charge in the present case. That may be
true, but they were relevant to the prosecution’s narrative as to what the
gang had planned to do that evening and how it carried out that plan. The
facts concerning the three other victims cannot be ignored. The assault on
each of them was as violent as the one that killed the last victim. The plan
was to rob and the method was through violence with a deadly weapon. All
victims suffered severely and one lost his life. I am of the view that the
conduct of Micheal Garing justified the death penalty and I so sentence him to
suffer death.

12 The prosecution similarly argued that Tony Imba too ought to be punished
with death. Counsel for Tony Imba, Mr Gill submitted that his client did not
wield the weapon that caused the injuries of the four victims and death. In
that sense, Tony Imba was no different from the other members of the gang.
There was an attempt by Micheal Garing at trial to show that it was Tony Imba
who carried out the physical assault, but I found that that was against the
evidence. The weapon was wielded by only one man – Micheal Garing. Tony Imba
was guilty of murder under s 300(c) only by the application of s 34 of the
Penal Code, namely, that he and the other members of the gang shared the
common intention to rob their victims by violent means. In reply, Mr Anandan
Bala submitted that “it is certainly not unprecedented for co-accused persons
convicted of a common intention to cause death to receive similar sentences”.
That may be true before the law was amended. But now, that is not necessarily
so because the court has the discretion to impose a different sentence other
than death for co-accused persons charged with a common intention to murder
under ss 300(b) to (d).

13 In the circumstances, can the same degree of blameworthiness be ascribed to
Tony Imba? The fact that he did not use the weapon is important. Tony Imba
knocked the deceased victim off his bicycle and held him whilst Micheal Garing
began his assault. But the fatal wounds were not inflicted by Tony Imba and
there is no evidence to show that he ever wielded the weapon to cause deadly
injuries. Is this a sufficient distinction? I do not think that in common
intention cases only the principal actor would suffer the death penalty. Each
case must be considered on its own facts. The sentencing court must be
satisfied, after considering the facts and the circumstances, that the
convicted offender deserves to be punished with death, and I am not satisfied
that the facts sufficiently warrant it so far as Tony Imba is concerned. If
none of the victims were killed, Tony Imba’s sentence would probably be lower
than that of Micheal Garing. The question now is whether that difference is
sufficiently great for him to escape the gallows? If none of the victims had
died, even Micheal Garing would have escaped the gallows. Tony Imba’s
culpability in this case is still significantly less than Micheal Garing’s,
and in my view, sufficiently different to be sentenced to life imprisonment
rather than to suffer death. I therefore sentence him to imprisonment for life
with effect from 20 January 2014, the date of his conviction, and also to 24
strokes of the cane.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 20 Apr 2015 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

