Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  CKR Contract Services Pte Ltd _v_ Asplenium Land Pte Ltd and another and
another appeal and another matter  
[2015] SGCA 24

Case Number| :| Civil Appeals Nos 204 and 206 of 2014 and Summons No 197 of
2015  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 22 April 2015  
Tribunal/Court| :| Court of Appeal  
Coram| :|  Sundaresh Menon CJ; Chao Hick Tin JA; Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  N Sreenivasan SC, Shankar A S, Vithyashree and Lim Min
(Straits Law Practice LLC) for the appellant in Civil Appeal No 204 of 2014
and the first respondent in Civil Appeal No 206 of 2014; Christopher Chuah,
Kua Lay Theng, Candy Agnes Sutedja, Lydia Bte Yahaya and Amanda Lim Qian Wen
(WongPartnership LLP) for the first respondent in Civil Appeal No 204 of 2014
and the appellant in Civil Appeal No 206 of 2014; Tham Hsu Hsien (Allen &
Gledhill LLP) for the second respondent in Civil Appeals Nos 204 and 206 of
2014.  
Parties| :|  CKR Contract Services Pte Ltd — Asplenium Land Pte Ltd and
another  
  
22 April 2015|  
---|---  
  
Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA (delivering the grounds of decision of the court):

Introduction

1 These appeals arose out of an application by a main contractor (“CKR”) to
restrain a call on an on-demand performance bond by a developer (“Asplenium”)
on the ground that the call was made unconscionably. The contract between
Asplenium and CKR (“the main contract”), however, contained a clause
stipulating, _inter alia_ , that CKR was not (except in the case of fraud)
entitled to restrain a call on the performance bond on any ground, including
the ground of unconscionability. The central question before us was whether
this clause was invalid and unenforceable because it was contrary to public
policy as an ouster of the jurisdiction of the court.

2 The judge in the court below (“the Judge”) held that the clause was
unenforceable because it ousted the jurisdiction of the court. He held,
however, that the high threshold necessary to invoke a restraint on the ground
of unconscionability was not satisfied on the facts. He therefore dismissed
CKR’s application to restrain Asplenium’s call. Both CKR and Asplenium
appealed against the Judge’s decision in _CKR Contract Services Pte Ltd v
Asplenium Land Pte Ltd and another_ [2015] 1 SLR 987 (“the Judgment”). CKR
appealed against the Judge’s finding that Asplenium did not make the call
unconscionably. Asplenium cross-appealed against the Judge’s holding that the
clause was unenforceable.

3 We held that the clause was enforceable and allowed Asplenium’s appeal. As
there was no suggestion that there was any fraud involved in the call on the
performance bond by Asplenium, we dismissed CKR’s appeal. We now give the
detailed grounds for our decision.

Background

The main contract and performance bond

4 Asplenium employed CKR as the main contractor for the construction of a
condominium along Seletar Road. The main contract was for a two-year period
commencing 21 January 2013. The completion date was 20 January 2015. The
contract sum was $88,063,838.00. The main contract was based on the amended
Singapore Institute of Architects Articles and Conditions of Building Contract
(9th Ed, Reprint, August 2011).

5 The main contract required CKR to furnish an on-demand performance bond in
Asplenium’s favour for 10% of the contract sum. Clause 3.5.8 of the
preliminaries to the main contract (“the Preliminaries”) stated that CKR was
not entitled to restrain Asplenium from calling on the performance bond on any
ground, except in the case of fraud. There was no dispute that the
Preliminaries were incorporated into and formed part of the main contract. We
set out the material portions of cl 3.5 for ease of reference:

**3.5** **_Performance bond_**

3.5.1 Within fourteen days from the date of the Letter of Award, the
Contractor shall at his own expense provide a cash payment as a security
deposit or in lieu of the cash deposit, an on-demand performance bond which
shall be in the form attached as an Appendix to the Contract Documents ... as
security for the proper and due performance and observance by the Contractor
of his obligations under the Contract. ... Should any performance bond issued
pursuant to this Clause cease in any way to be valid, the Contractor shall
immediately deposit with the Employer the cash deposit or procure that a new
performance bond be issued in the same form prescribed by and in accordance
with the terms of this Clause. ...

3.5.2 The Employer may use the Security Deposit to make good any cost,
expense, loss or damage sustained or likely to be sustained as a result of any
breach of or default under the Contract by the Contractor, or in satisfaction
of any liquidated damages payable under the Contract or any sum due from the
Contractor to the Employer under the Contract ... If the amount of the
Security Deposit used to make good any cost, expense, loss or damage is
greater than the amount of the cost, expense, loss or damage actually incurred
by the Employer, the Employer shall pay the difference, interest free, to the
Contractor or the issuer, as may be appropriate within ninety (90) days after
the date the Maintenance Certificate is issued pursuant to the Contract.

...

3.5.8 In keeping with the intent that the performance bond is provided by the
Contractor in lieu of a cash deposit, the Contractor agrees that except in the
case of fraud, the Contractor shall not for any reason whatsoever be entitled
to enjoin or restrain:

(a) the Employer from making any call or demand on the performance bond or
receiving any cash proceeds under the performance bond; or

(b) the obligor under the performance bond from paying any cash proceeds under
the performance bond

on any ground including the ground of unconscionability.

6 The performance bond was duly issued by DBS Bank Ltd (“DBS”), the second
respondent in both appeals. The performance bond was for the sum of
$8,806,383.80 and it was due to expire on 18 October 2016. DBS, though a party
to the proceedings below and in these appeals, took a neutral position and did
not make any submissions.

The purported termination of the main contract and call on the performance
bond

7 Disagreements arose between Asplenium and CKR after the commencement of the
construction project. Asplenium complained of substandard work and slow
progress. The disagreements culminated in Asplenium’s purported termination of
the main contract on 24 October 2014. Asplenium based its termination on two
termination certificates issued by the architect for the project the previous
day, 23 October 2014. The disputes under the main contract have been submitted
to arbitration in accordance with an arbitration clause in the main contract.

8 On 4 November 2014, Asplenium made a call on the performance bond.
Asplenium’s call was for the full sum secured by the performance bond, _viz_ ,
$8,806,383.80. The next day, CKR applied for and obtained an injunction
restraining Asplenium from receiving payment under the performance bond
pursuant to an _ex parte_ application before a High Court judge.

9 The _inter partes_ hearing before the Judge was held on 11 November 2014. At
the hearing, and for reasons that are not material to our analysis, Asplenium
reduced its call on the performance bond to $7,697,687.51. The Judge gave
judgment on 18 December 2014, dismissing CKR’s application to restrain
Asplenium’s call on the performance bond.

10 On 22 December 2014, CKR filed Civil Appeal No 204 of 2014 (“CA 204/2014”),
which was its appeal against the Judge’s decision. On the same day, CKR also
applied for and obtained an _Erinford_ injunction, preventing Asplenium from
receiving payment under the performance bond pending the resolution of the
appeal. CA 204/2014 was directed to be conducted on an expedited basis.
Asplenium filed its cross-appeal against the Judge’s decision in Civil Appeal
No 206 of 2014 (“CA 206/2014”) on Christmas Eve of 2014.

11 Also before us was Summons No 197 of 2015 (“SUM 197/2015”). This was CKR’s
application to adduce fresh evidence on appeal – evidence which CKR claimed
assisted in proving unconscionability. SUM 197/2015 was heard together with
the substantive appeals.

The decision below

12 The Judge held that there were three reasons why cl 3.5.8 of the
Preliminaries was unenforceable. First, cl 3.5.8 was an attempt to oust the
jurisdiction of the court. In his view, it was a severe incursion into the
court’s freedom to grant injunctive relief on the significant ground of
unconscionability. Secondly, the power to grant injunctions emanated from the
court’s equitable jurisdiction which could not be circumscribed or curtailed
by contract. Thirdly, the unconscionability exception was based on policy
considerations which could not be brushed aside by agreement. The acceptance
by the Singapore courts of the unconscionability exception was a “considered
and deliberate” balance struck between party autonomy and regulating dishonest
and unconscionable behaviour (see the Judgment at [24]). Each of these reasons
will be addressed in greater detail in our analysis below.

The arguments on appeal

13 Asplenium’s position was that cl 3.5.8 was enforceable. In this regard, it
proffered three arguments. First, clauses which restricted or excluded
equitable remedies have been held to be enforceable, even if they were to be
construed strictly. Asplenium gave clauses that excluded the right to
equitable set-off and specific performance as examples. Secondly, Asplenium
argued that cl 3.5.8 was not an ouster clause. It restricted the grounds on
which relief may be sought from the court, rather than remove access to the
court completely. Thirdly, Asplenium argued that cl 3.5.8 should be upheld in
order to give effect to party autonomy. The clause did not fall into any of
the established categories of public policy that rendered it invalid.

14 CKR’s position was that cl 3.5.8 was unenforceable, and proffered two
arguments in this regard. First, cl 3.5.8 was an ouster of the jurisdiction of
the court because it had the effect of fettering the court’s power, rather
than curtailing the parties’ rights. Secondly, Singapore law had “developed a
public policy” of protecting contractors from oppressive calls on performance
bonds. CKR submitted that there was a need to balance the policy of freedom to
contract with other competing policy considerations.

Our decision

15 It is well established that, under Singapore law, a court will grant
injunctive relief to restrain a call on an on-demand performance bond in two
situations. The first situation is where the call is made fraudulently.
However, fraud was not at issue in these appeals. The second situation is
where the call is made unconscionably.

16 The issue before us, broadly stated, is whether parties can agree to
exclude the unconscionability exception as a ground for restraining a call on
a performance bond. This will in turn depend on the crucial issue in the
present appeal, as alluded to at the outset of this judgment, which is whether
or not cl 3.5.8 is one that ousts the jurisdiction of the court and is, hence,
one that is void and unenforceable as being contrary to public policy. In our
view, cl 3.5.8 does _not_ oust the jurisdiction of the court. Let us
elaborate.

17 We should begin – at a general level – by stating what is an obvious
(albeit important) point: whilst freedom of contract is the norm, courts are,
on occasion, prepared to override the contractual rights of the parties
concerned if to do so would give effect to the greater public good. However,
given the inherently nebulous nature of public policy, such occasions will be
the (rare) exception. One category of contracts which has been held to be
contrary to public policy concerns contracts that oust the jurisdiction of the
courts. This is not surprising for, as a leading author put it, “[t]he right
of access to the courts has always been jealously guarded by the common law,
and the general principle remains that contracts which seek to oust the
jurisdiction of the courts are invalid” (see R A Buckley, _Illegality and
Public Policy_ (Sweet & Maxwell, 3rd Ed, 2013) (“ _Illegality and Public
Policy_ ”) at para 8.02).

18 However, given the fact that contracts will be held to be void and
unenforceable as being contrary to public policy on only rare occasions,
courts must be careful not to apply this particular category of illegality and
public policy to every (or even most) contracts in which there are limitations
placed on the rights and remedies of the contracting parties concerned.
Indeed, this category of public policy appears thus far to have manifested
itself in only two relatively narrow spheres of application (see, for example,
_The Law of Contract in Singapore_ (Academy Publishing, 2012) (“ _The Law of
Contract in Singapore_ ”) at paras 13.086–13.091; _Illegality and Public
Policy_ at para 8.02 and _Chitty on Contracts_ vol 1 (Hugh Beale gen ed)
(Sweet & Maxwell, 31st Ed, 2012) at paras 16-044–16-047). The first area is
where parties have agreed to exclude recourse to the court in favour of a
dispute over their rights being adjudicated by a private tribunal or expert
(see, for example, the oft-cited English decisions of _Scott v Avery_ (1856) 5
HLC 811; _Lee v The Showmen’s Guild of Great Britain_ [1952] 2 QB 329 and
_Leigh v National Union of Railwaymen and another_ [1970] Ch 326). The second
area is where a wife covenants not to apply to court for maintenance for
herself, her child, or both (see, for example the oft-cited English decisions
of _Hyman v Hyman_ [1929] AC 601 and _Bennett v Bennett_ [1952] 1 KB 249).

19 On the other hand, limitations placed on the rights and remedies available
to the parties have not been treated as an ouster of the court’s jurisdiction.
For example, parties are at liberty to seek to limit or even exclude
altogether an innocent party’s right to _damages_ in the event of a _breach of
contract_ by the other party. Clauses which attempt to do so are (as the case
may be) termed either limitation clauses or exclusion clauses. More
importantly, they seek to _restrict or exclude_ a **_common law_** _remedy_
(since an innocent party is entitled, as of right at common law, to damages
for breach of contract). What is clear, however, is that such clauses have
**_never_** been treated as being void and unenforceable as clauses seeking to
_oust the jurisdiction of the court_ ; after all _neither_ party has been
denied _access_ to the court as such.

20 This is _not_ , however, to state that the innocent party is without any
remedy inasmuch as it must always abide by the limitation or exclusion clause.
Herein is illustrated (once again) the organic genius of the common law (as
complemented, where appropriate, by statute). In particular, there exist
doctrines at common law which may aid the innocent party in arguing that such
clauses do not apply (see, generally, Pearlie Koh and Andrew Phang Boon Leong,
“Regulation of Terms – With Particular Reference to Exception Clauses” in ch 7
of _The Law of Contract in Singapore_ (“ _Koh and Phang_ ”) at paras
07.004–07.063). The innocent party can _also_ pray in aid (where applicable)
the relevant provisions of the Unfair Contract Terms Act (Cap 396, 1994 Rev
Ed) (“the UCTA”) (see also, generally, _Koh and Phang_ at paras
07.064–07.0161).

21 Turning to cl 3.5.8, whilst this particular clause does _not_ attempt to
restrict or limit an innocent party’s right to _damages_ at _common law_ , it
_does_ attempt to restrict or limit a contracting party’s right to an
**_injunction_** in **_equity_** _–_ albeit in the much _more specific_
context relating to calls on performance bonds. Put simply, cl 3.5.8 seeks to
restrict the right of the obligor under the performance bond to apply for an
injunction to restrain the beneficiary from calling on that bond, except in a
situation of fraud. This is, in effect, the restriction of an **_equitable_**
_remedy_ in a particular situation.

22 Looked at in this light, such a clause is more in the nature of an
_exclusion or exception clause_ (_as opposed to_ a clause seeking to _oust the
jurisdiction of the court_). Indeed, such a clause might itself be potentially
subject to common law principles (for example, to the argument that the clause
was not incorporated into the contract in the first place or to the argument
that the language of the clause did not cover the situation in question to
begin with) – although this would be unlikely in the present case, having
regard to the specific language and context of cl 3.5.8 of the Preliminaries
itself.

23 Such a clause might also be at least potentially subject to the UCTA and
might be unenforceable if held unreasonable pursuant to, for example, s 3 of
that Act. Nevertheless, as this last-mentioned argument was not run in the
present case, we say no more about it – save to note that the policy
underlying the operation of performance bonds (which was also referred to by
the Judge) does point (on a _prima facie_ level at least) in favour of the
reasonableness of such clauses (subject, of course, to the precise language
and context of the clause concerned since the reasonableness of a clause under
the UCTA is dependent on a number of factors as well as facts (see, for
example, the recent decision of this court in _Koh Lin Yee v Terrestrial Pte
Ltd and another appeal_ [2015] 2 SLR 497 at [37] and [54]–[57])).

24 What _is_ important for the purposes of the present appeal is that cl 3.5.8
is _not_ (contrary to what the Judge had held) a clause which seeks to _oust
the jurisdiction of the court_. At this juncture, it is important to emphasise
a point which is in fact relatively obvious from the analysis thus far: a
clause such as cl 3.5.8 is one which seeks to _limit_ the _right_ to an
_equitable remedy_ (as opposed to one that seeks to oust the jurisdiction of
the court). Whilst it is true that CKR did argue that cl 3.5.8 was a clause
that sought to exclude the discretion of the court to order an injunction in
the context of an alleged unconscionable call on a performance bond, this was
_not_ an _ouster_ of the _jurisdiction_ of _the court_ as such. On the
_contrary_ , such a clause could, as already noted, be (at least potentially)
_subject to_ the scrutiny of the court pursuant to, _inter alia_ , the
relevant provisions of the UCTA and, looked at in this light, _neither_ party
has been denied _access_ to the court as such (see also above at [23]).

25 Following on from this point, we now turn to address the Federal Court of
Malaysia decision of _AV Asia Sdn Bhd v Measat Broadcast Network Systems Sdn
Bhd_ [2014] 3 MLJ 61 (“ _AV Asia_ ”). The Judge and CKR on appeal both relied
on _AV Asia_ in support of the position that cl 3.5.8 was void and
unenforceable as an ouster of the jurisdiction of the court. In _AV Asia_ ,
the appellant, who provided television support equipment, was engaged by the
respondent to reduce interruptions in the respondent’s satellite transmission.
They entered into a mutual non-disclosure agreement (“the MNDA”) which
prohibited the respondent from disclosing confidential information that it
obtained from the appellant. Clause 15 of the MNDA provided that in the case
of disclosure or unauthorised use of confidential information, damages would
“not be sufficient” to compensate for the breach and that “injunctive relief
would be appropriate to prevent any actual or threatened use of disclosure” of
the confidential information (see _AV Asia_ at [4]). The appellant relied on
alleged breaches of the MNDA by the respondent and sought an interlocutory
injunction. The appellant argued that the court was _obliged_ to give effect
to cl 15 and should therefore grant the injunction. The appellant argued that
if the court exercised its discretion without regard to cl 15, it would be
tantamount to the court rewriting the agreement between the parties.

26 The Federal Court rejected the appellant’s argument. It stated that cl 15
of the MNDA did not fetter the discretion of the court. The Federal Court
cited two cases in support of this proposition, _viz_ , _Jet Print Inc v
Cohen_ [1999] OJ No 2864 (“ _Jet Print_ ”), a decision of the Ontario Superior
Court of Justice; and _First Health Group Corp v National Prescription
Administrators, Inc and David W Norton_ 155 F Supp 2d 194 (2001) (“ _First
Health Group_ ”), a decision of the Pennsylvania District Court.

27 In _Jet Print_ , a clause in an employment contract stated that any actual
or threatened breach of the restrictions in the employment contract “will
cause irreparable injury to the Employer and that money damages will not
provide an adequate remedy to the Employer”. Nordheimer J held (at [27]) that:

… The granting of an injunction is an equitable remedy. I do not believe that
the parties to a contract can obviate or waive the usual requirements on which
a court would need to be satisfied before exercising its equitable
jurisdiction. …

28 _First Health Group_ also concerned a clause in an employment contract. The
clause stated as follows:

In the event [the employee] breaches or threatens to breach [restrictive
covenants relating to confidentiality, non-competition and non-solicitation],
[the employer] shall be entitled to injunctive relief, enjoining or
restraining such breach or threatened breach. [The employee] acknowledges that
[the employer’s] remedy at law is inadequate and that [the employer] will
suffer irreparable injury if such conduct is not prohibited.

Kane J observed that injunctive relief was “extraordinary”. He held that it
would only be granted where the plaintiff was likely to succeed on the merits
and likely to experience irreparable harm without an injunction. Kane J said
(at 235):

It would represent an extraordinary variance from this basic principle for a
court to recognize that the parties to a suit at equity have contracted around
one of these fundamental elements. …

29 The Judge thought that while the clause in _AV Asia_ was different from cl
3.5.8, “the general principle expressed in _AV A_ _sia_ [was] relevant” (see
the Judgment at [20]). However, with respect, there are material distinctions
between this strand of authorities and the present case. First, _AV Asia_ ,
_Jet Print_ and _First Health Group_ were focused on the weight to be given to
such clauses in the exercise of the court’s discretion when deciding whether
or not to grant an injunction, and not the contractual validity or
enforceability of those terms. Secondly, and more importantly, parties cannot
by agreement force the hand of the court to grant an injunction where one
would not ordinarily have issued. To borrow the words of Branson J in the
English High Court decision of _Warner Brothers Pictures, Incorporated v
Nelson_ [1936] 1 KB 209 at 221, “[o]f course, parties cannot contract
themselves out of the law”. The court cannot be _obliged_ to exercise its
discretion in a way that gives effect to an agreement between parties in a
manner that is contrary to principles it would ordinarily apply to the grant
of injunctive relief. That, however, does not preclude parties from agreeing
to limit their right to seek certain remedies or reliefs from the court, which
is the effect of cl 3.5.8.

30 We pause to note that _AV Asia_ , _Jet Print_ and _First Health Group_ did
_not expressly_ refer to the category of public policy relating to contracts
that oust the jurisdiction of the courts. More importantly, this particular
series of decisions could equally well, in our view, be – as is the case in
the present appeal with regard to cl 3.5.8 – considered as involving clauses
which seek to impose an equitable remedy on the party against whom the clause
concerned is invoked, thereby _excluding or restricting_ a possible
(alternative and, more importantly, contrary) right or remedy which that other
party desires instead (_cf_ , in particular, s 13(1)(_b_) of the UCTA). This
might, in turn, subject the clause concerned to the possible scrutiny of the
court pursuant to, _inter alia_ , the relevant provisions of the UCTA.
However, as this particular issue was not before us, we do not arrive at a
definitive view as such.

31 Returning to the present appeal, it bears noting a pertinent point which
was raised during the course of oral submissions before this court; it is an
intensely practical one and serves to buttress the analysis proffered thus
far. This particular point centres on the fact that Asplenium could have asked
for _a cash deposit_ instead of a performance bond. This very point is made
plain in the wording of cl 3.5.8 itself, which states that the intent is that
“the performance bond is provided by [CKR] _in lieu of a cash deposit_ ”
[emphasis added] (see above at [5]). If so, then there is no pressing reason
in either principle or policy why a clause such as cl 3.5.8 should be
considered as somehow being contrary to public policy (in particular, in the
context of purporting to oust the jurisdiction of the court). Counsel for CKR,
Mr N Sreenivasan SC (“Mr Sreenivasan”), argued that, if Asplenium had required
a cash deposit, CKR would not have entered into the agreement with it.
However, whilst this might well have been the case, this is, with respect,
neither here nor there when viewed from the perspective of _general principle_
which is what presently concerns us.

32 Mr Sreenivasan also relied on a decision of the Western Australia Supreme
Court, _Bateman Project Engineering Pty Ltd and others v Resolute Ltd and
others_ [2000] WASC 284 (“ _Bateman_ ”), in support of his argument that cl
3.5.8 was void and unenforceable as an ouster of the jurisdiction of the
court. In _Bateman_ , the plaintiffs, who were engineering service
contractors, entered into a contract with the defendants for the design,
engineering and construction management of a process plant at a nickel and
cobalt mine in Western Australia. The contract required the plaintiffs to
provide security for the performance of their obligations. The security was to
be furnished either in cash or in the form of a bank’s unconditional
irrevocable guarantee. The operative provisions of the contract in _Bateman_
are set out below:

6\. SECURITY AND PERFORMANCE UNDERTAKINGS

6.1 Purpose

Security, retention monies and performance undertakings are for the purpose of
ensuring the due and proper performance of the Contract.

6.2 Provision of Security

The [plaintiffs] will ... provide two securities to the [defendants] in a form
acceptable to the [defendants] as follows

(a) A security for an amount of $2,000,000 in order to secure [certain of the
plaintiffs’ obligations];

(b) A security for an amount of $5,000,000 in order to secure the
[plaintiffs’] obligations with regards to overruns of the Target Capital Cost
pursuant to Clause 1.5.3 of Appendix D of the Contract;

_In the event that the Target Capital Cost has been overrun_ ... :

(i) The [defendants] will notify the [plaintiffs] in writing the amount of the
[plaintiffs’] liability.

(ii) The [plaintiffs] shall have 14 days after receipt of notification to
resolve the claim to the [defendants’] satisfaction.

(iii) Failing resolution by the [plaintiffs] [within] the 14-day period, _the
[defendants] shall be entitled to proceed with the conversion of the security
for the amount claimed and the [plaintiffs] shall not hinder, obstruct,
restrain or injunct the Principal from so doing_ and the [plaintiffs] will not
exercise [their] rights under Clause 32 prior to the [defendants] drawing down
the securities. The [defendants] shall not be liable for any loss occasioned
by conversion pursuant to the Contract.

...

6.5 Conversion of Security

_If the_ [defendants] _become entitled to exercise any right under the
Contract in respect of the security_ (“Form of Security, Schedule A”) the
[defendants] may, in accordance with Clause 6.2, convert the whole or part of
the security into money and draw down such money.

[emphasis added]

33 Disputes arose between the plaintiffs and the defendants, and the
defendants sought to call on the guarantee. The plaintiffs applied to court
for an injunction restraining the defendants from doing so. The plaintiffs
argued that cl 6.2(b)(iii) was invalid as an ouster of the jurisdiction of the
court. Owen J accepted this argument.

34 What was crucial to Owen J’s conclusion was his view that the defendants’
entitlement to call on the guarantee _only accrued upon the satisfaction of
certain preconditions_. There were unresolved disputes as to whether those
preconditions were satisfied. The prohibition in cl 6.2(b)(iii) therefore
affected contractual rights arising under the contract, namely, “ _the
entitlement of the defendants to call on the Guarantee_ and _the right of the
plaintiffs to have the Guarantee called on only in strict accord with the
relevant terms of the Contract_ ” [emphasis added] (see _Bateman_ at [23]).
Clause 6.2(b)(iii) effectively foreclosed the determination or enforcement of
these entitlements or rights by the court. As a consequence, the learned judge
concluded that what cl 6.2(b)(iii) did was to “take from a party to whom a
right actually accrues ... his power of invoking the jurisdiction of the
courts to enforce it” (see _Bateman_ at [24], citing the High Court of
Australia decision of _Dobbs v National Bank of Australasia Ltd_ (1935) 53 CLR
643 at 652).

35 In the present case, however, Asplenium’s right to call on the performance
bond is not contingent on the satisfaction of any preconditions. The
Preliminaries (see above at [5]) make clear that Asplenium is entitled to use
the sums secured under the performance bond to “make good any cost, expense,
loss or damage sustained or likely to be sustained as a result of any breach
of or default under [the main contract]” (see cl 3.5.2, above at [5]). The
general law thus entitles Asplenium to make a call on the performance bond
subject to the unconscionability or fraud exceptions. CKR agreed, by virtue of
cl 3.5.8, to restrict its right to seek relief on the ground of
unconscionability. This is quite different from a situation where (as in
_Bateman_) a right was conferred on CKR but its enforcement was prevented by
virtue of CKR’s being precluded from invoking the jurisdiction of the court in
the first place.

36 It will be recalled that the Judge set out three main reasons for arriving
at his decision that cl 3.5.8 had sought to oust the jurisdiction of the court
(see above at [12]). The first was his observation that “giving effect to cl
3.5.8 would severely curtail the court’s jurisdiction and discretion to grant
an injunction and would therefore be contrary to public policy” (see the
Judgment at [19]). And, in a similar vein, he later observed that “cl 3.5.8 is
an attempt to oust the court’s jurisdiction on the significant ground of
unconscionability and represents a severe incursion on the court’s freedom to
grant injunctive relief” (see the Judgment at [20]). With respect, however,
for the reasons set out above, we do not think that cl 3.5.8 represents an
ousting of the jurisdiction of the court. Indeed, the reference to the
interference with the court’s _jurisdiction_ is – again, for the reasons set
out above – incorrect inasmuch as the court’s jurisdiction to hear the matter
is not impacted, although the _remedy_ it could grant has been sought to be
limited or even excluded. Even then, this would be something the parties
voluntarily agreed to and could, in any event, be (in appropriate
circumstances) overseen by the court pursuant to, for example, the relevant
provision(s) in the UCTA.

37 Secondly, the Judge also observed that “it should be borne in mind that the
court’s power to grant injunctions flows from its equitable jurisdiction and
this cannot be circumscribed or curtailed by clauses in a contract” (see the
Judgment at [21]). With respect, this particular reason is, in substance,
similar to the first and is unpersuasive for the same reasons already referred
to.

38 Thirdly, the Judge observed thus (see the Judgment at [22]):

Third, there are **_important_**** __policy__**** _considerations_**
underpinning the doctrine of unconscionability in this area of law which
cannot be lightly brushed aside by an agreement made by parties. Although
counsel for the plaintiff is correct in arguing that cl 3.5.8 is not a total
ouster of jurisdiction and that the effect of this partial ouster seems to
bring us back to the English position on this issue, the plaintiff’s argument
fails to consider the conscious choice made by our courts in moving _away_
from the English position and **_the_**** __policy__**** _considerations_**
involved in making that decision. [emphasis in italics in original; emphasis
added in bold italics and underlined bold italics]

39 The Judge also observed, in a similar vein, as follows (see the Judgment at
[25]):

Having regard to the clear statements in _BS Mount Sophia v Join-Aim_ and the
other authorities cited to me, I reach the inescapable conclusion that the
courts are, **_on_**** __policy__**** _grounds_** , concerned with
scrutinising possible unconscionable conduct in the context of performance
bonds and this supervisory role cannot, in my judgment, be summarily displaced
by an agreement between the parties as found in cl 3.5.8. [emphasis added in
bold italics and underlined bold italics]

40 It is, of course, true (as the Judge correctly observed in the two passages
just cited) that the development of the doctrine of unconscionability in the
context of (abusive) calls on performance bonds centred on considerations of
_policy._ It was motivated by the recognition that a performance bond could be
used as an “oppressive instrument” (see the decision of this court in _GHL Pte
Ltd v Unitrack Building Construction Pte Ltd and another_ [1999] 3 SLR(R) 44
at [24]), which may cause “undue hardship” or “unwarranted economic harm to
the obligor” (see the decision of this court in _JBE Properties Pte Ltd v
Gammon Pte Ltd_ [2011] 2 SLR 47 at [11]).

41 It is important, however, to clarify the various conceptions of the concept
of “policy” which were utilised both by the Judge as well as by this court –
in order to clarify an ambiguity that has (unfortunately, in our view) arisen.
The particular conception of policy that formed the basis for the
unconscionability doctrine is _quite different from_ the concept of
**_public_** _policy_ which underpins that category of contracts which are
void and unenforceable as being contrary to public policy as such contracts
seek to _oust the jurisdiction of the court_. Looked at in this light, the
Judge’s observations in this third respect do not really support his
conclusion to the effect that cl 3.5.8 is contrary to public policy inasmuch
as it sought to oust the jurisdiction of the court.

Conclusion

42 For the reasons set out above, we were of the view that cl 3.5.8 did _not_
oust the jurisdiction of the court. In the premises, and given the fact that
there was no suggestion by CKR that there was any fraud involved in the call
on the performance bond by Asplenium, the effect of cl 3.5.8 was that
Asplenium could indeed call on the performance bond and that the argument from
unconscionability was, in light of that particular clause, immaterial for the
purposes of the present case. In the circumstances, we allowed the appeal in
CA 206/2014 and dismissed the appeal in CA 204/2014. We also dismissed SUM
197/2015.

43 We also ordered one set of costs as there was only one substantive appeal.
Costs were to be taxed if not agreed. The usual consequential orders also
followed.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 22 Apr 2015 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

