Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Public Prosecutor _v_ Lisa Ismaniar  
[2015] SGHC 177

Case Number| :| Criminal Case No 21 of 2015  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 13 July 2015  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Choo Han Teck J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Ma Hanfeng and Nicholas Lai Yi Shin (Attorney-General's
Chambers) for the prosecution; Ahmad Nizam Bin Abbas (Straits Law Practice
LLC) and Ranadhir Gupta (A Zamzam & Co) for the accused.  
Parties| :|  Public Prosecutor — Lisa Ismaniar  
  
13 July 2015| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Choo Han Teck J:

1 The accused was aged 27 when she was charged for trafficking in 2294.8g of
methamphetamine under s 7 of the Misuse of Drugs Act (Cap 185, 2008 Rev Ed)
(“the Act”), an offence punishable under s 33(1) of the Act. The offence was
committed on 13 February 2013 at 5.50pm at the arrival hall of the Changi
Airport Terminal 3.

2 The accused, who is an Indonesian from Bogor, Indonesia, met a Nigerian man
named Ken through an online website sometime in 2011. Ken told the accused
that he was a businessman dealing in gold. The accused testified that she
became Ken’s girlfriend sometime in 2012, which was also about the same time
that she became the girlfriend of one “George” who lived in Sydney, Australia.

3 The accused flew to Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia on 2 December 2012 to meet Ken.
Ken, who bought the air ticket for her, met her at the airport with another
Nigerian named Vincent and Vincent’s girlfriend, “Am”, who is a Thai national.
The accused stayed in Ken’s house from 2 to 5 December 2012. Various people
visited them at Ken’s house. One of these was a man named Kaiceiy.

4 The accused claimed that the three men – Ken, Vincent and Kaiceiy persuaded
her to smuggle gold from New Delhi, India to Kuala Lumpur. She was told that
gold was cheaper in New Delhi, and that the gold would be hidden in a suitcase
and smuggled into Kuala Lumpur. The gold will then be sold in Kaiceiy’s shop
in Kuala Lumpur. She believed that there would be no trouble and that even if
caught, she needed only to pay tax on the gold.

5 The accused claimed that she reluctantly agreed to bring the gold from New
Delhi for Ken because she believed that she was only carrying gold and she
needed money for her father’s medical expenses.

6 On 5 December 2012, the accused made her first trip to New Delhi and back to
Kuala Lumpur via Singapore with a suitcase containing what she believed to be
gold. She did not see any gold but believed, as she was told, that the gold
was hidden at the bottom of the suitcase. The accused was paid US$800 by Ken
for the trip even though he had promised her US$2,000. He told her that he
would pay her the remainder later. The accused returned to Bogor on 15
December 2012.

7 While in Indonesia, the accused continued to be in contact with Jo, the
Nigerian man who handed her the suitcase in New Delhi, as well as with Ken.
They persuaded her to help recruit friends to join them in the business of
transporting gold. The two friends that the accused recruited, namely, Jayanti
and Moralina, eventually did not travel to Kuala Lumpur with the accused. In
the meantime, the accused was pressing for payment of the US$1,200 balance
owing to her by Ken. In spite of this, the accused agreed to make another trip
to New Delhi for Ken.

8 The accused flew to New Delhi on 10 February 2013 and there she contacted
Kaiceiy who told her to meet a Nigerian man named Kelvin at a building called
Hotel Shiv. She met Kelvin on the next day and spent the day sight-seeing with
Kelvin. Kelvin then had the accused transferred to Hotel Krishnan. On 12
February 2013, Kelvin met her in her room at the hotel and then brought her to
his house where he showed her a suitcase. The accused looked at the empty
suitcase and asked where the gold was. Kelvin told her that it was hidden in
the suitcase. He then packed the suitcase with clothing, and gave her an air
ticket from Singapore to Kuala Lumpur, and from Kuala Lumpur to Medan. The
accused was already in possession of an air ticket from New Delhi to
Singapore. He also gave her US$300 for expenses. When she returned to her own
room in Hotel Krishnan, the accused checked the suitcase out of curiosity but
could not find any gold.

9 The accused checked in the suitcase at the New Delhi airport on 13 February
2013 and left on a Jet Airways flight. She arrived in Singapore at 6pm that
day at Terminal 3. She testified that she went in search of a toilet and after
that she approached Mahendran (PW17) who was an airport security officer on
duty, and asked him for assistance in finding her connecting flight to Kuala
Lumpur. Mahendran’s evidence was that he noticed the accused behaving
suspiciously and when the accused had come out of the toilet, he questioned
her and her response deepened his suspicions. He therefore asked to have her
suitcase screened by the x-ray machine. Suspicious images appeared in the
x-ray and the accused was taken to the immigration office where the suitcase
was searched.

10 The immigration officers notified the Central Narcotics Bureau (“CNB”). In
the meantime, an immigration officer, Pantithai (PW19) searched the accused
and the accused said that there was nothing on her but there was something in
the bag. When asked what it was, the accused said that it was gold.

11 The CNB officers searched the suitcase in the presence of the accused and
found a hidden layer in the suitcase. Using a penknife, the CNB officers found
two wooden panels secured by steel frames. Two packages wrapped in aluminium
foil were recovered from the wooden panels. One of the packages was cut open
and was found to contain a crystalline substance. The officers told the
accused that that was drugs and the accused started crying.

12 The prosecution and the defence disputed the demeanour of the accused at
the airport and particularly, in the immigration office when the drugs were
found. The accused claimed that she was initially lost and needed directions
from Mahendran, and later, when the drugs were found she was shocked because
she believed that she had been carrying gold.

13 There was no dispute that the substances recovered from the suitcase
carried by the accused were the drugs described in the charge. The accused was
thus presumed by law to be in possession of the drugs and also that she knew
the nature of the drugs in her possession under ss 18(1) and (2) of the Act.
She was thus obliged to rebut those presumptions by showing on a balance of
probabilities that she either did not know that there were drugs in her
suitcase or that she did not know that the substances were methamphetamine.

14 Mr Ahmad Nizam, counsel for the accused, submitted that the court ought to
accept the claim by the accused that she believed that she was carrying gold
and had no knowledge that she was carrying methamphetamine. He submitted that
Mahendran and the officers in the immigration office did not testify
accurately as to the demeanour of the accused during the time she was first
observed by Mahendran to the time the packages were cut open, revealing the
crystalline substances.

15 It is not possible for the court to make a finding as to the demeanour of a
person other than what the court is able to observe; that is, the demeanour of
the person in court. In this case, the court can accept or reject the evidence
of Mahendran and the other witnesses if there are grounds to do so. I am
unable to say that Mahendran’s evidence that he saw the accused “behaving
suspiciously” ought to be rejected. His evidence is only an oblique reflection
of the demeanour of the accused. It is, however, direct evidence to explain
why he stopped her. I see no reason to find Mahendran’s evidence unreliable.

16 From the evidence, I am unable to agree with Mr Nizam’s submission that
“[the accused’s] responses and demeanour prior and upon arrest show that she
did not know there were drugs in the suitcase”. The incontrovertible evidence
was that the accused was stopped, whether she was behaving suspiciously or
not, and her suitcase was searched. There was only one piece of relevant
evidence at the material time when the drugs were revealed and that was her
answer to the question of what was in the suitcase. Her answer was “gold”.

17 But no gold was found. Her own evidence showed that she did not see any
gold being put into the suitcase. She knew that something was hidden in the
suitcase. She was told that it was gold but she did not know for sure. The
evidence she led was so paltry and is not sufficient for me to find that there
was any reason for her to believe she was carrying gold. The men she met were
recent acquaintances. Notwithstanding that she claimed one of them to be her
boyfriend, the evidence showed that she responded to internet invitations from
people she had not known previously. One ought to be on guard meeting such
strangers, and more so to run international errands for them. Much more so,
running errands without reasonably satisfying oneself that the errands were
lawful.

18 The accused was told that she was carrying gold but she did not see the
gold. She was told it was hidden in the bag, but she did not verify it
herself. She cannot then say that the presumptions of knowledge have been
rebutted. She did nothing sufficient to rebut it. In response to the
submission by Deputy Public Prosecutor Ma Hanfeng that the accused had been
wilfully blind, Mr Ahmad Nizam submitted that “wilful blindness” is “merely
‘lawyer-speak’ for actual knowledge that is inferred from the circumstances of
the case. It is an indirect way to prove actual knowledge; ie, actual
knowledge is proved because the inference of knowledge is irresistible and is
the only rational inference available on the facts …” Counsel then argued that
“where the prosecution seeks to rely on actual knowledge in the form of wilful
blindness, the alleged wilful blindness must be proved beyond reasonable
doubt”.

19 That submission by defence counsel exemplifies the confusion that can arise
when we treat a figure of speech as if it were a principle of law. “Wilful
blindness” and its more showy form, “Nelsonian blindness”, merely mean
deliberately refusing to find out what one ought to in the circumstances. If
it is shown that a person could and ought to have checked but intentionally
did not, the inference must be that she either knew what it was or feared what
she might find should she check. In either case, she cannot then argue that
the legal presumptions have been rebutted. The presumptions can only be
rebutted by reasonable evidence that the accused did not know that she was
carrying methamphetamine. On the evidence of this case, a reasonable person in
her circumstances ought to have checked to see if she was indeed carrying
gold. Her failure to do so leads me to find that the legal presumptions have
not been rebutted.

20 For the reasons above, I find the accused guilty as charged and convict her
accordingly.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 13 Jul 2015 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

