Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  AYH _v_ AYI and another  
[2015] SGHC 300

Case Number| :| HC/Originating Summons No 349 of 2015  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 23 November 2015  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Judith Prakash J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Francis Xavier SC, Alina Chia, Derek On and Tee Su Mien
(Rajah & Tann Singapore LLP) for the plaintiff; Andre Maniam SC, Adeline Ong
and Ho Wei Jie (WongPartnership LLP) for the defendants.  
Parties| :|  AYH — AYI — AYJ  
  
23 November 2015|  
---|---  
  
Judith Prakash J:

Introduction

1 In July this year, I heard three applications involving, basically, the same
subject matter which was the Final Award dated 29 December 2014 (“the Award”)
made by the tribunal in the arbitration known as SIAC No XXX of 2013 (“the
Arbitration”) and the decision dated 24 February 2015 (“the Decision”) which
clarified the Award. The parties to the applications were identical and
comprised one individual and two companies. The individual, AYH, was the
plaintiff in these proceedings and I shall refer to him as “Mr AA”. The two
companies, AYI and AYJ, were the defendants in the proceedings and I shall
refer to the first defendant as “BB PLC” and to the second defendant as “PT
BB”.

2 The three applications before me were as follows:

(a) These proceedings, HC/Originating Summons No 349 of 2015 (“OS 349”), in
which Mr AA who had been the respondent in the Arbitration applied to set
aside the Award and the Decision;

(b) HC/Summons No 2438 of 2015 (“Sum 2438”) which was taken out in
HC/Originating Summons No 98 of 2015 (“OS 98”) by BB PLC and PT BB against Mr
AA for a Mareva injunction in respect of property up to the value of US$173m,
£1,342,823.48 and $963,626.81; and

(c) HC/Summons No 2752 of 2015 (“Sum 2752”) which was taken out in OS 98 by Mr
AA seeking to set aside orders granting BB PLC and PT BB leave to enforce the
Award and the Decision and, further, seeking to restrain BB PLC and PT BB from
taking enforcement action pending the disposal of OS 349.

3 The grounds of OS 349 were the ones that are commonly encountered in setting
aside awards, _viz_ , that there was a breach of natural justice in connection
with the making of the Award and, secondly, that the Award dealt with an issue
which was not contemplated by nor fell within the terms of the submission to
arbitration. I found no merit in either ground and, consequently, dismissed
the application. This meant that I also dismissed Sum 2752. I then heard Sum
2438 and granted BB PLC and PT BB an injunction restraining Mr AA from
disposing of his assets in the terms prayed for. Mr AA has appealed against my
decisions. This judgment contains my reasons for dismissing OS 349.

The facts

4 The following account of the background facts leading to the arbitration and
the present proceedings comes from the parties’ submissions and the Award.

5 The relationship between Mr AA, on the one part, and BB PLC and PT BB, on
the other, is governed by a Deed dated 26 June 2013 (“the Deed”) between the
parties. The Deed was intended to settle disputes between the parties relating
to the operations of an Indonesian mining company (“PTX”) which Mr AA had
previously been running and which was owned as to 90% of its shares (albeit
indirectly) by PT BB which Mr AA also directed. PT BB and all companies in its
group (“The Group”) are now owned by BB PLC.

6 After BB PLC took over PT BB, investigations were carried out into certain
transactions that had been undertaken by The Group. Mr AA vacated his
executive posts in The Group in March 2013. Thereafter, there were meetings
between him and members of the new management and its auditors at which Mr AA
was asked to explain certain capital expenditure undertaken by The Group and,
in particular, PTX. The new management took the view that much of this
expenditure should not have been undertaken and asked Mr AA to repay the same
to The Group. Mr AA did not accept that he was responsible for such repayment.
The position taken by Mr AA then, and which he maintains now, was that all the
impugned payments and transactions had had proper business purposes.

7 Between the end of May and 26 June 2013, the parties exchanged numerous
drafts of a settlement deed. All were represented by solicitors. Finally, on
26 June 2013, the parties executed the Deed. By the Deed, Mr AA agreed to
transfer assets and cash to PT BB in accordance with the schedule of payments
set out in cl 1.11 of the Deed. According to the schedule, the first payment
was due on 26 September 2013 while the second was due on 26 December 2013. Mr
AA did not make any payment on either of those dates. Nor did he transfer any
of the assets as promised. The aggregate value of assets and cash to be
transferred under the Deed by Mr AA was US$173m.

8 Clause 6.1 of the Deed provides that it and any non-contractual obligations
arising out of or in connection with the Deed are to be governed by and
interpreted according to English law. Under cl 6.2, disputes arising out of or
in connection with the Deed are to be finally settled under the Rules of the
Singapore International Arbitration Centre (“SIAC”) (5th Ed, 1 April 2013)
(“SIAC Rules”) by three arbitrators.

9 On 8 November 2013, BB PLC and PT BB gave Notice of Arbitration pursuant to
Rule 3 of the SIAC Rules. This led to the Arbitration and the appointment of
the tribunal by the SIAC. The hearing of the Arbitration took place in August
2014 and both sides adduced oral as well as documentary evidence. Parties then
exchanged several sets of submissions and the Arbitration was declared closed
on 6 November 2014. The Award was issued on 29 December 2014.

The Arbitration and Award

10 BB PLC and PT BB (whom I shall sometimes collectively refer to as the
“Claimants”) commenced the Arbitration seeking, _inter alia_ orders for:

(a) the specific performance of Mr AA’s obligations under the Deed and/or for
the payment of sums due under it; and

(b) without prejudice to the foregoing, orders that Mr AA transfer or procure
the transfer to PT BB of assets equal in value to, in aggregate, US$173m,
including transfer of a 49% shareholding in another subsidiary company, or to
pay or transfer to PT BB such amount in cash as equals the difference between
US$173m and the value of the said shareholding in that subsidiary.

11 Mr AA disputed the claim. He filed a Defence and Counterclaim in which he
averred that he was not in breach of his obligations under the Deed because:

(a) the Deed was void for common mistake;

(b) further, or in the alternative, it must be rescinded for
misrepresentation; and

(c) further, or in the alternative, his obligations under the Deed had not yet
fallen due.

He also counterclaimed for, _inter alia_ , a declaration that the Deed was
void for a mistake or, alternatively, rescission of the Deed for
misrepresentation.

12 In order to follow the arguments, it is necessary to bear in mind two
additional facts. First, during the discussions between the parties, Mr AA was
shown a table entitled “Expenditures outside normal course of business”. This
table was amended subsequently and the last version of it was given to Mr AA
on 20 June 2013 (“Exceptional Costs Table”). The Exceptional Costs Table
listed the transactions that were being questioned. Most of these transactions
comprised payments made by PTX. The second fact to remember is that PTX is not
a party to the Deed.

13 It is also necessary to bear in mind cl 2.1 of the Deed, which provides
that in relation to any transfers of cash or assets made by Mr AA in
accordance with the terms of the Deed:

… [Mr AA’s] liability to the Companies [_ie_ , BB PLC and PT BB] in respect of
Potential Claims [as defined in the Deed] shall be reduced by an amount equal
to the value of the Assets transferred pursuant to clause 1 (as determined by
the reputable independent third party appointed by the Parties or as otherwise
agreed between the Parties), such reduction being on a dollar for dollar basis
and shall only be effective following receipt of the valuation referred to
above, until the value of the Assets transferred pursuant to clause 1 (as
determined by the reputable independent third party appointed by the Parties
or as otherwise agreed between the Parties) equals no less than US$173,000,000
whereupon [Mr AA’s] liability to the Companies in respect of Potential Claims
shall be extinguished.

14 In the Arbitration, the arguments made on Mr AA’s behalf on common mistake
were:

(a) The Deed was void for common mistake because the parties shared a common
mistaken belief that the payments classified in the Exceptional Costs Table
were all made by PT BB (“the First Common Mistake”).

(b) Alternatively, the Deed was void for common mistake because the parties
shared a common mistaken belief that the Deed contained a self-executing
release—that Mr AA would be automatically released from all Potential Claims
in relation to the payments upon the transfer of assets referred to in the
Deed (“the Second Common Mistake”).

15 Mr AA noted that the terms of the Deed, in particular cl 2.2 thereof,
expressly refer to the payments classified in the Exceptional Costs Table as
having been made by PT BB. However, only US$38.4m of the payments were made by
PT BB – the bulk of the payments were made by PTX, an entity which is not
party to the Deed. This meant that the transfer of assets to PT BB and BB PLC
pursuant to the Deed would not effectively reduce Mr AA’s liabilities in
respect of the Potential Claims (as defined in the Deed) that PTX would have
against him in respect of the payments.

16 In response, the Claimants argued the following:

(a) There was no shared belief that PT BB had made all the relevant payments,
and at all times Mr AA was aware that the majority of the payments were made
by PTX.

(b) The fact that not all the payments were made by PT BB did not render the
performance of the contract impossible or make it different from what was
anticipated.

17 On or about 18 August 2014, with less than a week to go before the hearing
of the Arbitration commenced, Mr AA’s lawyers were informed that an agreement
dated 18 August 2014 had been entered into between BB PLC, PT BB and PTX (“the
August 2014 Agreement”). A copy of the August 2014 Agreement was sent to Mr
AA’s lawyers and Mr AA was asked to confirm that he would not object to the
Claimants producing this agreement at the hearing. Mr AA’s lawyers
subsequently responded that he did not object to the admission of the August
2014 Agreement as a document the Claimants wished to adduce. However, Mr AA
did not admit its validity or legal effect.

18 The August 2014 Agreement refers to the Deed and to the obligation of Mr AA
thereunder to transfer legal and beneficial title to various assets and/or
cash in return for the release of Potential Claims. The essence of this
agreement is that each of the Claimants undertakes that, in the event that Mr
AA transfers cash or assets to PT BB, they will transfer the same onward to
PTX. In return, PTX undertakes that it will release Mr AA from Potential
Claims by an amount equal to the value of the assets transferred until the
value of such assets equals no less than US$173m whereupon Mr AA’s liability
to PTX in respect of the Potential Claims shall be extinguished.

19 By the time the August 2014 Agreement was concluded, the Agreed List of
Issues in the Arbitration had been settled. It had, in fact, been submitted to
the tribunal on 29 July 2014.

20 The Arbitration went ahead as scheduled. Closing submissions were filed by
the Claimants and Mr AA on 8 September 2014\. The Claimants then filed
Rebuttal Submissions on 23 September 2014 and Mr AA’s lawyers submitted a Note
on the Claimants’ rebuttal on 2 October 2014.

21 The Award was issued on 29 December 2014. It is important to emphasise that
in considering the parties’ arguments on whether there was common mistake
under English law that rendered the Deed void, the tribunal adopted the test
put forward by both parties being that enunciated in _Great Peace Shipping Ltd
v Tsavliris Salvage (International) Ltd_ [2003] QB 679 (“ _Great Peace
Shipping_ ”). Under this test, the following elements must be present if
common mistake is to avoid a contract:

(a) There must be a common assumption as to the existence of a state of
affairs;

(b) There must be no warranty by either party that that state of affairs
exists;

(c) The non-existence of the state of affairs must not be attributable to the
fault of either party; and

(d) The non-existence of the state of affairs must render performance of the
contract impossible (see _Great Peace Shipping_ at [76]).

It was the last requirement, impossibility of performance, which was central
to the arguments and to the decision of the tribunal.

22 The tribunal found in favour of the Claimants, rejecting Mr AA’s arguments
on both the First Common Mistake and the Second Common Mistake. It held that
the misdescription in the Deed could be corrected by way of construction,
implication or rectification. The tribunal then ordered specific performance
of the Deed as amended in accordance with the Schedule to the Award. The main
amendment made was to introduce the name of PTX into cl 2.1 of the Deed so
that the clause also provided for the reduction of Mr AA’s liability to PTX
upon the transfer of assets and for the complete satisfaction of such
liability when the value of the assets transferred reached US$173m.

23 In respect of the Second Common Mistake, the tribunal found that:

(a) there was no such common assumption of a self-executing release; and

(b) there was no impossibility of performance.

These findings are embodied in [161] to [163] of the Award. These read as
follows:

161\. It is apparent from Mr Connerty’s note that the form of a release was
not discussed on 12 June 2013. That discussion related to the scope of the
release which continued to occupy the parties and their solicitors until the
final version of the Deed was signed on 26 June 2013. As mentioned, the Deed
referred to waiver of Potential Claims (as defined) and to the possibility of
extinguishing them, but it does not state in terms that the release should be
self-executing. Having construed the Deed against the background on which
evidence was adduced, the Tribunal is unable to find that the parties intended
that [Mr AA’s] release would only be executed by the Deed. In particular, the
review of their witness testimony and the contemporaneous documents convinces
the Tribunal that what concerned [Mr AA] and Mr Connerty was the scope of the
release rather than how it would be executed.

162\. On 18 August 2014, the Claimants entered into an agreement with [PTX].
That agreement which is expressed to be governed by English law provides that
in consideration for the transfer of any Assets pursuant to the Deed, [PTX]
would release [Mr AA] from liability on a dollar for dollar basis in respect
of Potential Claims by an amount equal to the value of the Assets transferred.
[Mr AA] has not yet transferred any Assets to the Claimants, but he has been
given a copy of the 18 August 2014 agreement.

163\. In order to establish a common mistake, [Mr AA] must satisfy the
Tribunal that, among other things, the non-existence of the state of affairs,
that is, a self-executing release, renders performance of the contract
impossible. Even though [PTX] is not a party to the Deed, the Claimants have
procured by the agreement of 18 August 2014 that [PTX] will give [Mr AA] a
full release of any Potential Claims that it may have against him.
Accordingly, the Claimants have demonstrated to the satisfaction of the
Tribunal that they are able to perform their obligations under the Deed if and
when [Mr AA] transfers the Assets. For the reasons stated, the Tribunal finds
that the second mistake as well as the first mistake alleged by the Respondent
are not common mistakes and thus the Deed is not void.

Whether the Award should be set aside

24 The two grounds which Mr AA put forward as warranting the setting aside of
the Award were both focussed on the validity and effect of the August 2014
Agreement. He argued that the tribunal had found (when it should not have)
that the legal effect of the August 2014 Agreement was that it validly granted
him release from Potential Claims (as defined in the Deed) by PTX and:

(a) that this was not an issue that was contemplated by and/or fell within the
terms of the submission to Arbitration and/or was a decision/matter beyond the
scope of the Arbitration – see Art 34(2)(_a_)(iii) of the UNCITRAL Model Law
on International Commercial Arbitration 1985 (“Model Law”); and

(b) the tribunal did not afford him a reasonable opportunity to be heard on
the issue of the legal effect of the August 2014 Agreement and this was a
breach of the rules of natural justice under Art 34(2)(_a_)(ii) of the Model
Law and s 24(_b_) of the International Arbitration Act (Cap 143A, 2002 Rev Ed)
(“the IAA”).

Whether the award dealt with a dispute beyond the scope of the Arbitration

25 All parties accepted that when a court has to determine whether an arbitral
award ought to be set aside under Art 34(2)(_a_)(iii), it must undertake a
two-stage enquiry. The court will have to decide first, what matters were
within the scope of the submission to the arbitral tribunal; and, second,
whether the Award involves such matters, or whether it involves a new
difference outside the scope of the submission to arbitration and,
accordingly, irrelevant to the issues requiring determination (_PT Asuransi
Jasa Indonesia (Persero) v Dexia Bank SA_ [2007] 1 SLR(R) 597 at [44]). They
also agree that the parties’ pleaded cases and the issues of law and fact
raised in the pleadings are generally looked upon as delineating the matters
which are within the scope of submission to arbitration. However, in _PT Prima
International Development v Kempinski Hotels SA and other appeals_ [2012] 4
SLR 98 (“ _PT Prima_ ”), the Court of Appeal, while affirming that the
pleadings are central in the arbitration context, also stated that a new fact
arising after submission to arbitration, which would affect the remedies
recoverable in the proceedings must fall within the scope of the parties’
submission to arbitration and, therefore, need not be specifically pleaded (at
[48]).

26 In his submissions before me, Mr AA made the following points:

(a) The August 2014 Agreement did not form part of the pleaded issues and was
not referred to in the parties’ opening skeletal submissions nor in the Agreed
List of Issues jointly submitted to the tribunal. This list was set out in
full by the tribunal at [71] of the Award which demonstrated that the tribunal
had accepted it as delimiting the scope of issues to be decided in the
arbitration.

(b) The effect of the August 2014 Agreement and whether it provided Mr AA with
a valid release under the Deed was not placed before the tribunal as an issue
to be determined at any point during the course of the oral hearing.

(c) The tribunal fell into error when it made a substantive finding that the
August 2014 Agreement validly granted Mr AA the necessary release under the
Deed.

(d) The tribunal’s findings had caused Mr AA prejudice because he did not have
the opportunity to make submissions on the validity and enforceability of the
August 2014 Agreement and he was not given notice that he was required to
address the tribunal on the legal effect that it had on the release mechanism
provided for under the Deed.

Was the August 2014 Agreement properly put forward before the tribunal?

27 I will take the first two points together. This requires an examination not
only of the pleadings and the Agreed List of Issues but also a consideration
of what occurred during the Arbitration. Whilst it is correct that the August
2014 Agreement was not mentioned as such in either the pleadings or the Agreed
List of Issues, that does not mean that the matters dealt with in the August
2014 Agreement were not within the scope of the submission to the Arbitration.

28 The Claimants did not seek by their claim in the Arbitration to enforce the
August 2014 Agreement. When their original claim was filed, the August 2014
Agreement did not exist but, even after it was concluded, they did not seek to
amend the claim to include a reference to this document. The Claimants’
position, when they produced the August 2014 Agreement, was that it was a
piece of evidence which they were adducing in the Arbitration to support their
contention that there was no impossibility of performance of cl 2.1 of the
Deed. They said that the August 2014 Agreement showed that they were able to
procure that PTX would release Mr AA from Potential Claims.

29 Whilst the August 2014 Agreement was not mentioned in the pleadings, those
pleadings show clearly that the issue of whether the Claimants had the ability
to procure a release from PTX and therefore to perform cl 2.1 of the Deed so
that the Deed could not be void by reason of mistake, indeed fell squarely
within the submission to the Arbitration. In the statement of claim in the
Arbitration (“SOC”), the Claimants sought specific performance of Mr AA’s
obligations under the Deed and/or of the payments of sums due under it.

30 In his statement of defence and counterclaim (“D&C”), Mr AA averred that he
had agreed by the Deed to transfer assets to PT BB equal to US$173m to
extinguish the Potential Claims and in return for such transfer he was to
receive a waiver of the Potential Claims from the Claimants. However, the
Potential Claims had been defined as payments made by PT BB whilst in fact
most of the payments comprising the Potential Claims had been made by PTX. The
Deed was void for common mistake because the parties had a shared but mistaken
belief that all the relevant payments had been made by PT BB and this mistake
made the contract impossible to perform because any payment made under the
Deed by Mr AA to PT BB would not extinguish by satisfaction, his liability, if
any, in respect of the Potential Claims arising from earlier payments made by
PTX.

31 To me, one of the issues that arose clearly from the SOC and the D&C was
whether the Deed could be performed in such a way that Mr AA’s liability to
PTX could be extinguished. Whilst the issue was not phrased in this way in the
Agreed List of Issues, it was inherent in the wording of the second issue
under the heading “Mistake” which was:

2\. In particular whether the Deed is void because the parties entered into
the Deed in the common mistaken belief that:

(1) The payments classified as “ _other exceptional costs_ ” in the
[Exceptional Costs Table] had all been made by [PTX]; and/or

(2) [Mr AA] would obtain a release from all potential claims for those
payments by reducing and extinguishing his liability in respect of them upon
the transfer of the assets referred to in the Deed.

[emphasis in original]

It was apparent from the wording of issue 2(2) that one of the disputes was
whether the parties believed, in common, that the Deed provided a self-
executing release or whether it had been contemplated that some external form
of release could be provided by the relevant party when Mr AA complied with
his obligations under the Deed.

32 The question of whether common mistake under the _Great Peace Shipping_
test (which both parties accepted as the test applicable to the issues raised
in the Arbitration) had been established encompassed the legal
effect/enforceability of the August 2014 Agreement. The parties had
corresponded on adducing this agreement as evidence in the Arbitration and Mr
AA’s solicitors, by letter dated 20 August 2014, had expressly reserved his
right to deal with its validity at the hearing. In that letter, they
highlighted that he did not admit its validity or legal effect and did not
agree that it addressed and redressed the parties’ common mistake as to the
party that made the payments which were the subject of the Deed.

33 The fact that the August 2014 Agreement was entered into only after the
submission to Arbitration did not preclude its admission in the Arbitration
proceedings. In the case of _PT Prima_ , the Court of Appeal held (at [47])
that any new fact which arises after submission to arbitration, which is
ancillary to the dispute submitted for arbitration and which is known to all
the parties to the arbitration is part of that dispute and need not be
specifically pleaded. It may be raised in the arbitration proceedings as long
as the other party is given sufficient notice of it and the opportunity to
meet it.

34 I agreed with the submission that the requirements set out in _PT Prima_
were satisfied in this case. The Claimants made the existence of the August
2014 Agreement known to Mr AA almost as soon as it was concluded and also
notified him of the use that they were going to make of it. The August 2014
Agreement was ancillary to the dispute on common mistake because the Claimants
were using it as evidence that cl 2.1 of the Deed could be performed by them
and that the contractual obligation contemplated by the Deed was not
impossible of performance. The Claimants did not contend that the August 2014
Agreement itself granted Mr AA the necessary release. Mr AA also had
sufficient opportunity to consider the validity and effect of the August 2014
Agreement. Although it was concluded less than a week before the start of the
hearing, there was ample time for consideration and submission thereafter.
Indeed, the last submission made by Mr AA’s lawyers was only given to the
tribunal on 2 October 2014.

35 Apart from considering that, in general terms, the August 2014 Agreement
fell within the submission to arbitration, I also accepted the submission on
behalf of PT BB and BB PLC that rule 24(n) of the SIAC Rules permitted the
tribunal to consider the legal effect of the August 2014 Agreement. Rule 24(n)
reads as follows:

**Rule 24: Additional Powers of the Tribunal**

24.1 In addition to the powers specified in these Rules and not in derogation
of the mandatory rules of law applicable to the arbitration, the Tribunal
shall have the power to:

…

n. decide, where appropriate, any issue not expressly or impliedly raised in
the submissions filed under Rule 17 provided such issue has been clearly
brought to the notice of the other party and that other party has been given
adequate opportunity to respond;

…

36 I accepted that the legal effect of the August 2014 Agreement was not
separately an issue and was merely one aspect of the broader issue of whether
the Second Common Mistake rendered performance of the Deed impossible. Even
then, what was in issue was not whether the August 2014 Agreement itself
contained the release by PTX but whether it demonstrated that the Claimants
could obtain such a release when required. As I pointed out several times in
the course of argument to counsel for Mr AA, there was no dispute that PTX was
controlled by PT BB. As a matter of practicality it could not be denied that
PT BB therefore had the power to compel PTX to release Mr AA from Potential
Claims to the extent that he transferred assets or paid cash satisfying the
same. The August 2014 Agreement was a sample of what PT BB could procure from
PTX. I was also satisfied that the issue regarding what the August 2014
Agreement meant had been brought to Mr AA’s notice and that he was given an
opportunity to respond.

37 The transcripts of the hearing before the tribunal were adduced in evidence
before me. These show that during the course of the hearing, the tribunal had
specifically queried the legal effect of the August 2014 Agreement with the
Claimants’ counsel, Mr Pymont. In answer, Mr Pymont informed the tribunal that
he was putting that agreement forward as a piece of evidence which said that
PT BB was able to deliver a release because it was in charge of PTX. Mr AA’s
counsel, Mr Moriaty, responded to this point when he submitted to the tribunal
shortly afterwards, that the August 2014 Agreement was a separate agreement
between BB PLC, PT BB and PTX to which Mr AA was not a party and therefore he
did not have, ultimately, a right to ensure that he would get the release.

38 It was clear from the transcript that the issue of the legal effect of the
August 2014 Agreement was raised during the course of the Arbitration as part
of the broader issue of whether the Deed could be performed and that Mr AA’s
counsel had made arguments on that in the opening submissions. After the
hearing, both parties made submissions on the effect of the August 2014
Agreement. The Claimants’ submission was that that agreement was a binding
commitment from PTX to grant the required release in the event that Mr AA made
the payment he was obliged to make. In his closing submission, Mr AA argued
that neither the Deed nor the August 2014 Agreement granted Mr AA an automatic
self-executing release. He also said that contrary to what the Claimants had
suggested, the UK Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 (c 31) did not
assist Mr AA to enforce the obligation of PT BB to transfer assets to PTX
under cl 2 of the August 2014 Agreement.

Did the tribunal find that the August 2014 Agreement granted him a release?

39 Mr AA submitted that the tribunal fell into error when it made a
substantive finding that the August 2014 Agreement validly granted him the
necessary release under the Deed. In this respect, Mr AA relied on the
following portion of para 163 of the Award:

… Even though [PTX] is not a party to the Deed, _the Claimants have procured
by the agreement of 18 August 2014 that [PTX] will give [Mr AA] a full release
of any Potential Claims that it may have against him_. Accordingly, the
Claimants have demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Tribunal that they are
able to perform their obligations under the Deed if and when [Mr AA] transfers
the Assets. [emphasis added by Mr AA]

It was Mr AA’s position that the above paragraph contained the finding of the
tribunal and that that finding clearly exceeded the scope of the submission to
arbitration.

40 I was not able to accept this argument. It ignored the first sentence of
para 163 (and the context set out in the preceding paragraphs) and thereby
cast a slant on the succeeding sentences which the tribunal obviously (to my
mind at least) never intended them to have. The first sentence of para 163
stated:

In order to establish a common mistake, [Mr AA] must satisfy the Tribunal
that, among other things, the non-existence of the state of affairs, that is,
a self-executing release, renders performance of the contract impossible.

41 Thus, it was clearly within the context of whether Mr AA could satisfy the
tribunal that the non-existence of a self-executing release renders the
performance of the Deed impossible that the tribunal went on in the second
sentence to consider the evidence that the Claimants had adduced showing their
ability to perform the contract. The August 2014 Agreement showed to the
satisfaction of the tribunal that the Claimants had the power to compel PTX to
release Mr AA from Potential Claims when he transferred the assets. With this
evidence before them, the tribunal was not able to find that performance of
the contractual obligations of the Claimants under the Deed was impossible.
When para 163 of the Award is read as a whole together with the preceding
paragraphs (see [23] above) it is impossible to find support in it for the
interpretation which Mr AA contended for. The tribunal did not consider the
August 2014 Agreement to be an actual release. Indeed, how could it be since
Mr AA had not transferred the requisite assets or cash? All that the August
2014 Agreement showed was that an actual release would be granted by PTX when
it was necessary to do so.

42 To repeat, the tribunal considered the August 2014 Agreement as evidence
that cl 2.1 of the Deed could be performed (_ie_ , there was no impossibility
of performance under limb (d) of the _Great Peace Shipping_ test). That was
the only finding by the tribunal in relation to the August 2014 Agreement.
This finding related to the pleaded issue of the Second Common Mistake and
therefore was well within the submission to arbitration. The tribunal held
that the Deed itself did not need to effect a release and that Mr AA could be
given the release to which he was entitled if and when he transferred the
assets. There was no mistake as to the nature of the release and no
impossibility of performance.

Was Mr AA prejudiced?

43 The fourth point which Mr AA made regarding how he was prejudiced by the
tribunal’s finding in relation to the August 2014 Agreement had also to be
rejected. That argument of prejudice was premised on my agreeing that the
tribunal had made a finding that the legal effect of the August 2014 Agreement
was to provide an actual release by PTX. Since I did not agree with that
proposition, the assertion that Mr AA was prejudiced by having no opportunity
to deal with the validity and legal effect of the agreement also fell away. In
any case, it was not correct factually to say that he had no opportunity to
make submissions on the August 2014 Agreement. As stated above, Mr AA and his
counsel were aware of the Agreement from 18 August 2014 and had the
opportunity before, during and after the hearing of the arbitration to make
whatever submissions they wanted to on its nature, effect and validity. Indeed
they made use of this opportunity though perhaps not as extensively as they
could have. The Note on the Claimants’ rebuttal which was served on 2 October
2014 contained no reference to the August 2014 Agreement though there was
nothing to prevent Mr AA’s lawyers from dealing with it.

Whether there was a breach of natural justice

44 Mr AA submitted that the tribunal had breached the rules of natural justice
by:

(a) making a finding that the August 2014 Agreement provided Mr AA with a
valid release from Potential Claims by PTX, an issue which was outside the
scope of submission to the Arbitration and which Mr AA had not been given an
opportunity to address; and

(b) relying on the August 2014 Agreement as a valid release mechanism in
determining the issue of common mistake, without giving Mr AA an opportunity
to submit on the effect of the August 2014 Agreement on the Deed.

45 I had no hesitation in dismissing both these contentions. First, as I have
already mentioned, the tribunal did not find that the August 2014 Agreement
itself constituted a release.

46 Second, the documents put before me indicated that Mr AA was afforded ample
opportunity to be heard on the issue of the legal effect of the August 2014
Agreement (so far as it was an issue) but simply chose not to pursue that
point.

47 To reiterate the facts briefly, when Mr AA was first informed of the
existence of the August 2014 Agreement and that the Claimants wished to adduce
it in evidence, he did not object to this. He was satisfied to put in a caveat
that he did not admit the validity or legal effect of the document. During the
course of the hearing, his counsel elaborated on his concerns about the
enforceability of the August 2014 Agreement and the tribunal itself raised
queries on this point. As I have stated above, after the hearing was concluded
the parties made submissions on the legal effect and nature of the August 2014
Agreement. In fact, during the tribunal’s closing remarks on 28 August 2014,
the tribunal specifically directed parties to submit on how the August 2014
Agreement was to be treated. The parties were thus notified that the tribunal
was interested in how that agreement was to be handled in the context of the
issues to be decided in the Arbitration. Both parties had experienced and
competent counsel who would have considered this point and how it should be
dealt with in the course of their respective submissions.

48 Counsel for PT BB and BB PLC submitted before me that Mr AA did not pursue
the question of the legal effect of the August 2014 Agreement further simply
because it was a dead-end point for him: the real issue before the tribunal
was whether the Claimants could procure a release by PTX. The Claimants had
openly said that if there was a genuine problem with doing so by way of the
August 2014 Agreement, they could address that by way of an amended or further
document. Mr AA had argued that he could not himself enforce the August 2014
Agreement because he was not a party to it. However, in response, the
Claimants had offered to make him a party to it if he wanted this; but he did
not take up this offer.

49 I was satisfied on the facts that Mr AA had a full opportunity to be heard
on the issue of the August 2014 Agreement. If he now thinks that he did not
make full use of that opportunity, that is not a ground on which to allege a
denial of natural justice. Mr AA had every opportunity to make further
submissions or adduce further evidence in relation to the August 2014
Agreement but he chose not to do so. He also had the opportunity to file
rebuttal submissions but he did not do so. Where a party has failed to make
full use of the opportunities afforded to him, he cannot complain later.

Conclusion

50 I was satisfied that there was no merit in the setting aside application
and dismissed it with costs.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 23 Nov 2015 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

