Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the court of appeal of the republic of singapore

[2015] SGCA 14

Civil Appeal No 125 of 2014

Between

IVAN CHIN  
---  
  
… Appellant

And

H P CONSTRUCTION & ENGINEERING PTE LTD  
---  
  
… Respondent

In the matter of Suit No 180 of 2014

Between

H P CONSTRUCTION & ENGINEERING PTE LTD  
---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

IVAN CHIN  
---  
  
… Defendant

grounds of decision

[Building and Construction Law] — [Architects, engineers and surveyors]

[Building and Construction Law] — [Standard form contracts] — [Singapore
Institute of Architects standard form contracts]

[Building and Construction Law] — [Terms] — [Certificates and approvals]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Chin Ivan

  
v

  

H P Construction & Engineering Pte Ltd

[2015] SGCA 14

Court of Appeal — Civil Appeal No 125 of 2014  
Sundaresh Menon CJ, Chao Hick Tin JA and Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA  
30 January 2015

12 March 2015

Sundaresh Menon CJ (delivering the grounds of decision of the court):

Introduction

1 This appeal concerned issues relating to the validity and enforcement of
Architect’s certificates issued pursuant to a building and construction
(“B&C”) contract. The respondent, H P Construction & Engineering Pte Ltd (the
plaintiff below), had mounted a claim founded on two Architect’s certificates
(“the Disputed Certificates”) issued pursuant to a B&C contract between the
parties which incorporated the Singapore Institute of Architects’ Articles and
Conditions of Building Contract (Lump Sum Contract) (7th Ed, April 2005) (“the
SIA Conditions”). Pursuant to cl 31(13) of the SIA Conditions, the respondent
was entitled to seek payment, including by way of summary judgment, of the
sums certified in any valid Architect’s certificate. The appellant, Mr Ivan
Chin (the defendant below), resisted the claim by alleging that the Disputed
Certificates had been procured by fraud on the part of the respondent. He
consequently sought a stay of proceedings for the matter to be referred to
arbitration pursuant to s 6(1) of the Arbitration Act (Cap 10, 2002 Rev Ed) as
provided for in cl 37(1) of the SIA Conditions.

2 The judicial commissioner hearing the matter (“the Judge”) found that a
prima facie case of fraud had been made out. However, he concluded that the
alleged fraud affected only specific parts of the Disputed Certificates. In
light of this, the Judge ordered a partial stay of proceedings and allowed the
respondent to proceed with that portion of its claim which the Judge
considered was not affected by the alleged fraud. The appellant appealed
against the Judge’s decision to grant only a partial stay of proceedings. The
Judge’s prima facie finding of fraud was not disputed on appeal, and the only
issue before us was whether the entire proceedings should have been stayed and
referred to arbitration in light of this. The Judge’s decision is reported as
H P Construction & Engineering Pte Ltd v Chin Ivan [2014] 3 SLR 1318 (“the
Judgment”).

3 At the conclusion of the appeal, we were satisfied that irregularities
affecting the Disputed Certificates rendered them invalid and, hence,
unenforceable, such that they should not be afforded even temporary finality.
Further, we were also satisfied that there was no basis under the B&C contract
between the parties (“the parties’ contract”) for dissecting or severing the
Disputed Certificates. We therefore allowed the appeal, and ordered that the
proceedings be stayed in their entirety and the respondent’s claim referred to
arbitration. We now set out the grounds of our decision in full.

Background facts

4 The appellant employed the respondent as the main contractor for a building
project in Sentosa Cove. As mentioned earlier, the parties’ contract
incorporated the SIA Conditions. An Architect, Mr Philip Lee Pang Kee (“the
Architect”), and a quantity surveyor, Turner & Townsend Pte Ltd (“the Quantity
Surveyor”), were appointed for the purposes of the building project. The
appellant also appointed a project manager to oversee the building project.

5 On 11 July 2012, the Architect issued two Architect’s instructions (“the
AIs”) approving various items on the respondent’s list of proposed variation
works. These items included claims for: (a) preliminaries for an extension of
the time for completion of the project granted to the respondent (“the
Extended Preliminaries Claim”); and (b) an extension of the defects liability
period (“the Defects Liability Period Claim”). We refer to these two items
collectively as “the Disputed Items”. As stated in each of the AIs, the
variation works, including the Disputed Items, were approved on the basis that
they were, “[a]s informed by [the respondent], … requested by [the
appellant]/[the appellant’s project manager]”. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Appellant’s Core Bundle, Volume II, pp 25–26.

In other words, the AIs were issued by the Architect not on the basis of his
professional judgment, but purely on the basis of the respondent’s
representation that the variation works in question had been “requested by”
the appellant.

6 The respondent, relying on the AIs, subsequently raised a payment claim for
unpaid work done on the project up to 28 September 2012. The Disputed Items
were included in this payment claim. The Architect duly instructed the
Quantity Surveyor to provide a valuation of the Disputed Items as well as the
other items listed in the payment claim. The Quantity Surveyor reverted with
an interim valuation of $120,000 for the Extended Preliminaries Claim. No
valuation was provided for the Defects Liability Period Claim. The Architect
approved the Quantity Surveyor’s interim valuations and subsequently issued a
progress certificate certifying that a sum of $321,383.94 (including the sum
of $120,000 valued in respect of the Extended Preliminaries Claim) was payable
by the appellant to the respondent (“the Progress Certificate”).

7 On 26 September 2013, the respondent raised its final payment claim, which
again included the Disputed Items. On this occasion, the Quantity Surveyor
valued the Disputed Items, including the Defects Liability Period Claim, at
$334,000. The Architect subsequently approved the Quantity Surveyor’s
valuations and issued a final certificate certifying a total sum of
$720,417.28 as being payable to the respondent (“the Final Certificate”). This
certified sum included the value of those of the Disputed Items that had not
been included in the Progress Certificate. The Progress Certificate and the
Final Certificate collectively constitute the Disputed Certificates mentioned
at [1] above.

The dispute

8 The appellant refused to make payment of the sums certified under the
Disputed Certificates for various reasons. The respondent first referred the
dispute for adjudication under the Building and Construction Industry Security
of Payment Act (Cap 30B, 2006 Rev Ed) (“the SOPA”), but was unsuccessful as
the adjudicator found that the respondent had failed to act in accordance with
the procedural provisions of the SOPA. The respondent then commenced court
proceedings against the appellant claiming the total sum of $1,041,801.22
certified under the Disputed Certificates and interest. Pursuant to cl 31(13)
of the SIA Conditions, the respondent was, “in the absence of fraud or
improper pressure or interference by either party”, permitted to enforce, “by
way of Summary Judgment”, its right to sums certified in certificates issued
by the Architect in accordance with the parties’ contract.

9 The appellant, in response, applied for a stay of proceedings under s 6(1)
of the Arbitration Act on the basis that the respondent’s claim was disputed
and ought to be referred to arbitration pursuant to cl 37(1) of the SIA
Conditions. At the hearing before the assistant registrar (“the AR”), the
appellant argued that the Disputed Certificates had been procured by fraud on
the part of the respondent. To establish a prima facie case of fraud, the
appellant relied on a letter addressed to him by the Architect dated 21 March
2014 explaining why the Disputed Items had been included in the Disputed
Certificates. The Architect said as follows in that letter: 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Appellant’s Core Bundle, Volume II, p 27.

3\. In or about … mid 2012, the [respondent] represented to me that [the
appellant] had agreed to various proposed variations for which no Architect’s
Instructions have been issued. These variations pertained to items numbered
163, 165 to 175, 220, 236, 242, 244, 245, 247, 249 to 251, 255 and 262 to 285
of the [respondent’s] list of proposed variations. The [respondent’s] claim
for extended preliminaries arising from the extended completion date of the
Project is set out in items 173 and 280 of the list.

4\. As I was no longer in regular contact with [the appellant], I acted solely
in reliance on 2 premises in regularizing the proposed variations. One was the
[respondent’s] representation of [the appellant’s] purported consent where I
issued two Architect’s Instructions nos. AI/131/HP/019 and AI/132/HP/019 on 11
July 2012 (AIs). Two was [the appellant’s] project manager’s monitoring of the
project. Had there been any discrepancy, real or perceived in the AI[s], [the
appellant’s] project manager as [the appellant’s] representative would duly
notify me for further action. He would inform me or convey to me [the
appellant’s] view when there was any issue that needed my attention. I did not
receive any feedback since.

10 In essence, the Architect was saying that he had included the Disputed
Items for valuation on the basis of: (a) the respondent’s representations that
the appellant had consented to these items’ inclusion, even though no
Architect’s instructions authorising the variation works in question had been
issued earlier by the Architect as a matter of his own professional judgment;
and (b) the failure of the appellant’s project manager to voice any objections
to the inclusion of these items. The respondent denied making such
representations. Indeed, the respondent accepted that the appellant had never
consented to the inclusion of the Disputed Items for valuation purposes. The
AR therefore found that there was a bona fide dispute as to whether fraudulent
representations had been made and ordered that the proceedings be stayed
entirely. The respondent appealed against the AR’s decision.

11 As alluded to at [2] above, the Judge below upheld the AR’s decision in so
far as he agreed that there was a prima facie case of fraud. In this regard,
the Judge acknowledged that the wording of cl 31(13) of the SIA Conditions
seemed to suggest that an Architect’s certificate would be rendered invalid
and unenforceable in the event of fraud. However, the Judge then departed from
the AR’s decision and ordered only a partial stay of proceedings as he
concluded that the alleged fraud only affected the Disputed Items, which had
been quantified at $334,000 – an amount which he thought was “severable” from
the full sum claimed by the respondent (see the Judgment at [66]). In reaching
this decision, the Judge placed particular emphasis on the fact that the
object and spirit of cl 31(13) was to promote expedient cash flow within the
B&C industry by ensuring that contractors were paid on time.

Our decision

12 The appellant appealed against the Judge’s partial stay order, but not
against the finding that there was a prima facie case of fraud. The issue
before us could therefore be framed as follows: could the court enforce in
part an Architect’s certificate that had been tainted by fraud and/or that had
not been issued in accordance with the conditions stipulated under cl 31(13)
of the SIA Conditions by granting summary judgment in respect of only a part
of the sum certified in such a certificate?

The Architect and the Architect’s certificate under the SIA Conditions

13 The roots of the SIA Conditions can be traced to a set of standard forms of
contract and subcontract drafted by the late Mr Ian Duncan Wallace QC. These
standard forms were first introduced in 1980 and made significant changes to
the regime reflected in the then existing standard B&C contracts. The standard
forms were intended to address a number of issues that had bedevilled the
local B&C industry; in particular, the fact that contractors sometimes found
themselves at the mercy of employers who might withhold payment of certified
sums on account of alleged counterclaims and set-offs. An important feature of
the SIA Conditions is the regulation, by way of Architect’s certificates, of
the payment of monies due to contractors and of the deductions that can be
made by employers. The Architect’s certificate serves as the basis for both
the contractor’s claim for payment of monies due and also the employer’s right
to make deductions against such claims. Under a B&C contract which
incorporates the SIA Conditions (also referred to hereafter as a “standard
form SIA contract” where appropriate to the context), the Architect, in
essence, is the quasi-adjudicator of both the contractor’s right to receive
payment for work done as well as the employer’s right to withhold payment on
account of any cross-claim(s). This fundamental role of the Architect and his
certificates is clearly described in the Singapore Institute of Architects’
Guidance Notes on Articles and Conditions of Building Contract (Singapore
Institute of Architects, 3rd Ed, 2011) (“the Guidance Notes”) as follows (at p
1):

2\. Architect’s powers

The scheme of the contract is to ensure that virtually all areas of possible
financial controversy, except most cases of breach of contract by the Employer
and all terminations of the Contract by either party, are to be regulated by
the certificates of the Architect. … In all cases … the contractual effect of
these certificates is to bind both employer and contractor, but only until
final judgment or final award in any dispute between them – both parties will
therefore be able to use the summary procedures in the Courts (or interim
awards by arbitrators) in order to enforce the certificates – see Clauses
31.(13) and 37.(3)(h) …

[emphasis added]

14 This excerpt from the Guidance Notes introduces the concept of “temporary
finality” that is to be accorded to valid Architect’s certificates so that
they will bind the parties unless and until they are opened up and reviewed in
the course of proceedings typically brought at the end of the project when a
final judgment or award as to the parties’ substantive rights is rendered. The
same broad scheme is mirrored in the role of Dispute Review Boards that assist
in resolving disputes in large-scale engineering projects governed by the
standard terms of the International Federation of Consulting Engineers, more
commonly known as FIDIC. The B&C adjudication framework encapsulated within
the SOPA is also reflective of this scheme.

15 The purpose of according temporary finality to Architect’s certificates is
to minimise undue cash flow problems that may affect contractors, typically
when claims by a contractor for progress payments are held back on account of
unverified counterclaims raised by an employer. In this regard, this court, in
considering the provisions of the SOPA, noted the importance of ensuring
healthy cash flow within the construction industry in W Y Steel Construction
Pte Ltd v Osko Pte Ltd [2013] 3 SLR 380 (at [18]):

… It has often been said that cash flow is the life blood of those in the
building and construction industry. If contractors and sub-contractors are not
paid timeously for work done or materials supplied, the progress of
construction work will almost inevitably be disrupted. Moreover, there is a
not insignificant risk of financial distress and insolvency arising as a
result. …

16 The temporary finality of an Architect’s certificate is therefore crucial
to prevent the entanglement of claims and counterclaims that can otherwise
stifle cash flow in a liquidity-dependent industry. In the context of the SIA
Conditions, this concept of temporary finality is enshrined in cl 31(13),
which provides:

No certificate of the Architect under this Contract shall be final and binding
in any dispute between the Employer and the Contractor, whether before an
arbitrator or in the Courts, save only that, in the absence of fraud or
improper pressure or interference by either party, full effect by way of
Summary Judgment or Interim Award or otherwise shall, in the absence of
express provision, be given to all decisions and certificates of the Architect
(other than a Cost of Termination Certificate or a Termination Delay
Certificate under clause 32(8) of these Conditions), whether for payment or
otherwise, until final judgment or award, as the case may be, and until such
final judgment or award such decision[s] or certificates shall (save as
aforesaid and subject to sub-clause (6) of this condition) be binding on the
Employer and the Contractor in relation to any matter which, under the terms
of the Contract, the Architect has [as] a fact taken into account or allowed
or disallowed, or any disputed matter upon which under the terms of the
Contract he has as a fact ruled, in his certificates or otherwise. The
Architect shall in all matters certify strictly in accordance with the terms
of the Contract. In any case of doubt the Architect shall, at the request of
either party, state in writing within 28 days whether he has as a fact taken
account of or allowed or disallowed or ruled upon any matter in his
certificates, if so identifying any certificate and indicating the amount (if
any) taken into account or allowed or disallowed, or the nature of any ruling
made by him, as the case may be. [emphasis added in italics and bold italics]

17 As can be seen from cl 31(13), the temporary finality of an Architect’s
certificate is achieved through the stipulation of its “final and binding”
nature prior to and until the making of a “final judgment or award”, as well
as through the enforcement mechanism “by way of Summary Judgment or Interim
Award”. This is further reinforced by cl 37(3)(h) of the SIA Conditions, which
provides that “temporary effect shall be given to all certificates”.

18 However, the granting of such temporary finality to an Architect’s
certificate is subject to certain conditions that are stipulated within cl
31(13). First, the certificate must be issued “in the absence of fraud or
improper pressure or interference by either party”. Secondly, it must be
issued “strictly in accordance with the terms of the Contract” [emphasis
added]. For example, it cannot be issued at a time when the contractor has yet
to submit a payment claim. Thirdly, as can be seen from the need for the
Architect to clarify, upon either party’s request “[i]n any case of doubt”,
what was or was not taken into account in his certificate, the Architect must
have considered the matters which are said to have been dealt with in his
certificate. This requirement that the Architect must exercise his own
professional judgment when issuing a certificate was specifically noted by
Warren L H Khoo J in Aoki Corp v Lippoland (Singapore) Pte Ltd [1995] 1 SLR(R)
314, where he observed as follows (at [36]):

Needless to say, the Architect must exercise his function as the certifier in
good faith and to the best of his uninfluenced professional judgment, even
though he is usually appointed by the employer. Otherwise, the object of the
provisions for temporary finality could be defeated.

19 The need for an Architect’s certificate to cohere with the conditions laid
down in cl 31(13) of the SIA Conditions was also recognised by this court in
Lojan Properties Pte Ltd v Tropicon Contractors Pte Ltd [1991] 1 SLR(R) 622
(“Lojan Properties”). There, this court had to deal with cl 31(11) of a prior
version of the SIA Conditions – the identically-worded predecessor of the
present cl 31(13) that concerns us in this case. In recognising the temporary
finality conferred on an Architect’s certificate pursuant to cl 31(11), M
Karthigesu J (as he then was), who delivered the judgment of this court, held
(at [11]–[12]):

11 … The unique features of the [SIA] Conditions of Contract are that the
contractor is assured of regular periodic payments during the period the
contract works are in progress based on a retrospective revaluation of all
work carried out under the contract (see cll 31(1) and 31(2)) and subject to
the exceptions mentioned in cl 31(11) the contractor is put in a position to
enforce payment if payment is not made on the due date by action in the
courts. On the other hand the employer’s rights are equally protected in that
he is entitled legitimately to deduct his legitimate claims against the
contractor during the progress of the works provided that the claims
themselves and the amounts due are certified by the Architect. … The financial
machinery under the conditions of contract is regulated by the certificates of
the Architect, the effectiveness of which until determined otherwise by a
court or an arbitrator is preserved by cl 37(3)(g). Most important of all the
conditions of contract read as a whole and cll 31(11), 1(7), 24(2) and 30(4)
make it particularly clear that the common law defence of set-off or
counterclaim is no longer available to the employer in a claim for payment of
an interim certificate of payment.

12 The foregoing are but some of the unique features of the conditions of
contract which the learned judge clearly appreciated as can be seen from the
admirably precise manner in which he addressed himself at [15]. He said:

... It is intended [referring to cl 31(11)] that the contractor be paid the
amounts expressed to be payable in the interim certificates, and if no payment
is made by the employer it is intended to enable the contractor in the absence
of fraud, improper pressure or interference or in the absence of express
provisions, to obtain quick summary judgment for the amounts certified as due.
In so far as any sum claimed by the employer is concerned, only the amounts
expressly deductible under the contract may be set off against the amount due
under the interim certificate. I therefore come to the conclusion that subject
to any deduction or set-off as provided expressly in the contract, the amounts
certified in the interim certificates are due and payable to the plaintiffs.

[emphasis added]

The effect of an Architect’s certificate not issued in accordance with cl
31(13) of the SIA Conditions

20 In addition to stating the need to observe the conditions laid down in the
then equivalent of cl 31(13) of the SIA Conditions, the passage in Lojan
Properties that we have reproduced at [19] above also stands for the
proposition that a properly-issued Architect’s certificate functions as a
condition precedent to the contractor’s right to receive payment and the
employer’s right to deduct claims (if any). The “financial machinery” of a
standard form SIA contract is “regulated by the certificates of the
Architect”, which, if issued in accordance with cl 31(13), place the
contractor or the employer (as the case may be) “in a position to enforce
payment … [or] to deduct his legitimate claims” respectively. A contractor’s
right to receive payment and an employer’s right to deduct claims would
typically not even materialise if the particular Architect’s certificate in
question was not issued in accordance with the contract concerned. This much
is also noted in Chow Kok Fong, Law and Practice of Construction Contracts
(Sweet & Maxwell Asia, 4th Ed, 2012) (“Chow Kok Fong”) (at vol 1, paras
8.29–8.30):

8.29 Construction contracts frequently require that a contractor’s entitlement
to payment be conditioned on the issue of a certificate. In these situations,
it has been suggested that the issue of the certificate thus operates as a
condition precedent to payment. The general principle is that a contractor who
fails to obtain the certificate has no basis to claim for payment in law or in
equity. …

8.30 Effectively, the right to be paid for work done derives not from the
actual execution of the work or supply of materials but from the issue of the
payment certificate in respect of the work. …

21 For the avoidance of doubt, it should be noted that the requirement for the
certification of an Architect, as described above, is generally concerned with
the mechanism and process by which the contractor’s work will be valued and
paid for (or, as the case may be, the employer’s right to make deductions
quantified) during the course of the project. Such a mechanism may be
supported by an enforcement process as is provided for under a standard form
SIA contract, where the right to receive payment (or, as the case may be, the
right to make deductions) pursuant to Architect’s certificates may be enforced
by litigation or arbitration proceedings brought purely to ensure that valid
Architect’s certificates are honoured and upheld in accordance with the terms
of the contract. Such proceedings, which we shall term “‘enforcement’
proceedings” for ease of reference, are not concerned with the merits of
Architect’s certificates, in the sense of whether the certificates are
ultimately correct as to the matters which they purport to deal with. The only
question in this context will usually be whether the Architect’s certificates
concerned were validly issued in accordance with the terms of the contract.
Because the certification process is concerned primarily with regulating the
process and mechanism for payments (or, in the case of an employer,
deductions) to be made, it will generally not affect either party’s
substantive rights, at the appropriate time and before the appropriate forum,
to contend that the Architect’s certificates concerned, even if validly issued
in accordance with the terms of the contract, were not in fact correct as to
the matters set out therein. This understanding of the true nature of
Architect’s certificates is also noted in Chow Kok Fong (at vol 1, paras
8.12–8.13):

8.12 … These certifications are never intended to be a precise or final
determination of the value of the works. Thus, Hobhouse J in Secretary of
State for Transport v Birse-Farr Joint Venture [(1993) 62 BLR 45] noted:

At the interim stage, it cannot always be a wholly exact exercise. It must
include an element of assessment and judgment. Its purpose is not to produce a
final determination of the remuneration to which the contractor is entitled
but is to provide a fair-system of monthly progress payments to be made to the
contractor.

8.13 In the absence of any provision to the contrary, the sum certified in an
interim certificate is thus taken to be an estimate of the value of the work
done up to the date shown in the certificate. Thus, while the employer or
owner is obliged to pay what is certified, the amount certified is not binding
on the parties and may be adjusted upon completion of the works. … Since the
assessment does not represent a final and binding determination of the price
for the work done it could be corrected at a later date but the burden of
proof falls on the party arguing for the amount assessed to be correct.

[emphasis added]

22 Following from this, in the converse scenario where an Architect’s
certificate is invalid for some reason, the contractor would not thereby lose
any and all right to be paid for the work done; and similarly, the employer
would not thereby lose any and all right to make the appropriate deductions or
counterclaims. In such circumstances, subject to any other contractual
remedies which it may have, the contractor would be entitled to have its work
valued and paid for (and, in the case of the employer, its claims against the
contractor deducted) though not pursuant to “enforcement” proceedings (as
defined at [21] above) brought for this purpose in accordance with the
contract. Such proceedings are quite different in kind and scope from what may
be termed “‘substantive’ proceedings” – ie, proceedings brought to obtain “a
final and binding determination of the price for the work done” (see Chow Kok
Fong at vol 1, para 8.13) – and the issues to be dealt with are
correspondingly different.

23 The respondent’s claim in this case plainly did not fall within the
category of “substantive” proceedings. In its Statement of Claim, the
respondent claimed payment of the “certified sum” [emphasis added]
specifically. This was clearly not a general claim for monies due for work
done. Instead, the respondent’s claim fell within the category of
“enforcement” proceedings. There was hence no doubt as to the fact that the
respondent’s claim was predicated entirely upon the existence of valid
certificates having been issued by the Architect.

24 While the validity of an Architect’s certificate is fundamental to a
party’s claim for payment or deduction, it goes without saying that a mere
allegation of irregularity cannot suffice to undermine the validity of such a
certificate. As the Judge correctly observed in the Judgment, any allegation
must be backed up by evidence, at the very least, so as to establish a prima
facie case of irregularity. In this regard, the Judge relied on three crucial
facts to find that a prima facie case of fraud had been made out in the
present case, namely:

(a) The Architect stated in the AIs and his letter to the appellant dated 21
March 2014 (see, respectively, [5] and [9] above) that he had included the
Disputed Items in the Disputed Certificates only because he had been told by
the respondent that the appellant had consented to the inclusion of these
items. It is at least implicit in this statement that the Architect did not
include these items as a result of his independent professional judgment and
assessment.

(b) The respondent denied making any such representation that the appellant
had consented to the inclusion of the Disputed Items for the purposes of
valuation.

(c) There was no dispute between the parties that the appellant had in fact
never consented to having the Disputed Items included for valuation.

25 On these facts, the Judge was correct in finding a prima facie case of
fraud. Indeed, in our judgment, these rather exceptional facts went further
than establishing a prima facie case of fraud, in that in light of these
facts, it could not have been disputed that the Disputed Certificates had not
been issued in accordance with cl 31(13) of the SIA Conditions. If the
Architect was telling the truth, then the inevitable conclusion would seem to
be that the respondent, in representing that the appellant had consented to
the Disputed Items’ inclusion for valuation purposes, had defrauded him. On
the other hand, if the respondent was telling the truth (ie, that he never
made such representations to the Architect), then the Architect must have
issued the Disputed Certificates improperly since, as noted at [24(a)] above,
implicit in his statement in the AIs and his letter of 21 March 2014 was the
assertion that he did not include the Disputed Items as a matter of his
professional assessment; and on this basis, his subsequent claim as to the
representations allegedly made to him by the respondent would seem to suggest
an ill-conceived attempt to cover up his error. In either scenario, the
Architect would not have applied his mind to the Disputed Items when he
included them in the Disputed Certificates. In these circumstances, it could
not possibly be said that these certificates had been issued in accordance
with the parties’ contract. It must follow from this that the entire basis of
the respondent’s claim fails since there was no certificate properly issued by
the Architect which the respondent could rely on to sustain its claim – as
explained above (at [20]–[23]), the respondent’s claim rested entirely on the
Disputed Certificates as it was in the nature of “enforcement” proceedings.

26 The Judge proceeded on the basis that the aforesaid irregularities only
affected the Disputed Items and that these items could be “severed”, leaving
the rest of the Disputed Certificates in place to be enforced. The respondent
adopted this view, but in our judgment, this was plainly mistaken.

27 There was simply no basis under the parties’ contract to warrant the
conclusion that the Disputed Certificates were divisible or severable in this
way. As we have noted above, one of the fundamental objectives of the scheme
established by the SIA Conditions is to have matters relating to payment and
deduction regulated by way of Architect’s certificates only. Once an
Architect’s certificate is found in any material way to have been issued not
in accordance with the contract and/or as a result of fraud or improper
pressure or interference, then it loses its claim to temporary finality. There
is nothing in a standard form SIA contract that would permit a court, in such
circumstances, to substitute its assessment for that of the Architect and, in
effect, to conjure up a new certificate.

28 It follows that any variation of the amount payable or deductible under an
Architect’s certificate must be done by the Architect and only by him. The
respondent took a contrary view, citing the following portion of the decision
in Lojan Properties (at [34]):

A further criticism of counsel was that one of the contractors named in the
list attached to “the certificate of non-payment” was not in fact a nominated
subcontractor. There is no evidence of this except for counsel’s statement
from the Bar. Even if we accept this and we have no reason not to, that would
not vitiate the whole document. It would be perfectly proper for the name
entered in error to be deleted and the amount to be deducted, adjusted
accordingly. We are fortified in saying this having particular regard to the
wording of cl 30(4) and the reference to cl 31(10) which provides the
machinery for dealing with outstanding balances due to nominated
subcontractors in the event of there being a dispute.

The respondent relied on this passage to support its view that the court was
able to go behind an Architect’s certificate and make appropriate adjustments.

29 We do not agree with the respondent. We first note, as is evident from the
passage itself, that the views expressed by the court in Lojan Properties as
to its power to adjust the amounts certified by an Architect were obiter
dicta. There was no need for the court to consider such a power in that case,
given that it had already found that there was no evidence supporting the
irregularity alleged. In any event, we respectfully disagree that the court
has such a power. The point, simply, is this: under a standard form SIA
contract, temporary finality, if it avails, is conferred on an Architect’s
certificate as a whole. If the certificate is impugned because it was, in some
material part, not issued in accordance with the contract and/or was tainted
by fraud or improper pressure or interference, then that certificate in its
entirety ceases to attract any finality.

30 In this regard, we also note that a standard form SIA contract expressly
confers the power on the Architect to vary the sums certified in his earlier
certificates under cl 31(6) of the SIA Conditions, which states:

The Architect shall have power to issue a further Interim Certificate at any
time whether before or after completion, correcting any error in an earlier
Interim Certificate (but not in any Delay, Termination of Delay, Further Delay
or any certificate other than an Interim Certificate) or dealing with any
matter of which he was not aware, or which should have been dealt with, at the
time of an earlier Interim Certificate, or revising any decision or opinion on
which that Certificate was based.

31 This power of an Architect to issue revised certificates is further
buttressed by cl 37(3)(i) of the SIA Conditions, which provides that:

The power of the Architect to issue a further certificate under clause 31(6)
of the Conditions shall continue until his Final Certificate notwithstanding
the prior commencement of proceedings by way of arbitration or in the Courts,
to which further certificate full effect shall be given by the Courts or an
arbitrator until final award or judgment.

32 It is therefore the case that even when proceedings have been commenced,
the power to adjust the quantum payable or deductible resides in the Architect
“until final award or judgment”. In this regard, the elaboration provided by
the Guidance Notes (at p 24) in relation to the nature of the power accorded
to an Architect under cl 37(3)(i) is germane:

Paragraph (i) is important, in that it will enable the Architect to revise an
earlier certificate, even subsequently to the commencement of proceedings
based upon that certificate. Evidence and contentions in those proceedings may
well satisfy the Architect that he should have given consideration to some
matter, or that he may have misinterpreted the contract in some way.
Consistently with his right and duty to act independently, the Architect might
even, in an extreme case, collaborate with an arbitrator or the Courts in
issuing a certificate which might more justly regulate the situation for the
time being until final resolution of the dispute. …

33 In light of cl 37(3)(i) read together with this explanatory passage, it is
clear to us that the power to adjust the sums certified in a certificate falls
solely within the purview of the Architect; and if it appears warranted, he
may “collaborate” with the courts or an arbitrator to issue a revised
certificate. Consistent with this, the only power to open up and revise a
certificate that is vested in a court or an arbitrator is in the context of
what we have termed “substantive” proceedings (see [22] above) – ie,
litigation or arbitration proceedings brought to obtain a final judgment or
award that is seized of the underlying merits of the Architect’s certificates
that have been issued, for the purposes of determining the actual sums due to
or from the contractor (see the dichotomy between the two types of proceedings
that has been explicated at [21]–[22] above). This is reflected in the same cl
31(13) of the SIA Conditions, which provides that Architect’s certificates
shall only be “binding” on the parties “until final judgment or award”. In
such a setting, the relief sought in “substantive” proceedings will usually
take the form of an attempt to open up and revise the certificate(s) in
question with a view to the final resolution of the dispute. That is the very
antithesis of “enforcement” proceedings such as the present, in which the
respondent was seeking solely to enforce and uphold the Disputed Certificates
without prejudice to their underlying merits or the correctness of the
valuations reflected therein. There was simply nothing in the parties’
contract that would enable the court to open up and revise the Disputed
Certificates and then give the revised certificates temporary finality,
presumably until another round of litigation that delved even further into the
merits of the dispute between the parties.

34 In our judgment, the Judge, with respect, fell into error when he went
behind the Disputed Certificates to assess what could be claimed and, in
effect, to vary these certificates on his own accord. Once the Disputed
Certificates were found to have been tainted by any material irregularity (be
it fraud, impropriety and/or the Architect’s failure to consider the Disputed
Items at all), the entire foundation of the respondent’s claim was demolished.
There was then nothing left for the respondent to go on and the matter should
have been stayed in its entirety.

35 We make one final observation concerning the Judge’s order to grant a
partial stay. By granting a partial stay, the Judge was effectively allowing
summary judgment for part of the respondent’s claim since this meant that the
Judge had implicitly, if not explicitly, found that there was no real dispute
apropos the remainder of the claim that should be referred to arbitration.
This, in our judgment, was puzzling. In the context of the parties’ contract
at least, the refusal to grant a stay on any part of a claim must be premised
on an established and immediately enforceable contractual right to payment
which is so indisputable that it does not warrant being referred to
arbitration. As we have explained above (at [20]–[23]), the right to payment
under the SIA Conditions is conditioned on the existence of a valid
Architect’s certificate issued in accordance with the conditions stipulated in
cl 31(13). It is such a valid certificate that is enforced by way of summary
judgment. There was no basis for the Judge in effect to allow summary judgment
for a part of the respondent’s claim after he found that there was no valid
Architect’s certificate that could be enforced. Significantly, the Judge had
himself acknowledged in the Judgment (at [17]) that a stay would only be
granted if the appellant could show that the validity of the Disputed
Certificates was in issue. Having found that the validity of these
certificates was very much in issue (indeed, as we have noted above (at [25]),
these certificates were invalid), he unfortunately did not return to this
point. Had he done so, he might have realised that he ought to have stayed the
proceedings entirely.

Conclusion

36 In light of the exceptional facts of this case, we were satisfied that the
irregularities in the Disputed Certificates were not merely in issue, but, in
fact, had been well established. These were never corrected by the Architect
and cannot now be corrected by the Architect or anyone else because the Final
Certificate has been issued. In the circumstances, the Disputed Certificates
cannot be enforced or accorded temporary or any finality. The respondent, of
course, is not left without a remedy. The rights of the parties can and
presumably will, in the absence of a settlement, be finally resolved at
arbitration – but there was simply no basis for the partial stay that was
ordered by the Judge.

37 For these reasons, we allowed the appeal with the usual consequential
orders and ordered that the entire proceedings be stayed. We also awarded the
appellant his costs of the appeal fixed at $40,000, inclusive of the costs of
the proceedings before the Judge below, and all reasonable disbursements.

Sundaresh Menon Chao Hick Tin Andrew Phang Boon Leong Chief Justice Judge of
Appeal Judge of Appeal

Lok Vi Ming SC, Joseph Lee and Aw Jansen (Rodyk & Davidson LLP) for the
appellant;  
John Chung and Tan Yi Yin Amy (Kelvin Chia Partnership) for  
the respondent.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 2: 27 Oct 2020 (22:41 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

