Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Chancery Law Corp _v_ Management Corporation Strata Title Plan No 1024
(Mok Wai Hoe, third parties)  
[2015] SGHC 66

Case Number| :| Originating Summons No 399 of 2014 (Registrar's Appeal No 323
of 2014)  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 13 March 2015  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  George Wei JC  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Tan Tian Luh and Lin Zixian (Chancery Law Corporation)
for the applicant/appellant; Denis Tan (Toh Tan LLP) for the respondent.  
Parties| :|  Chancery Law Corp — Management Corporation Strata Title Plan No
1024 (Mok Wai Hoe, third parties)  
  
13 March 2015| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
George Wei JC:

1 In Originating Summons No 399 of 2014 (“OS 399/2014”), Chancery Law
Corporation (“Chancery Law”) seeks to enforce agreements as to costs for
contentious business against its previous client, the Management Corporation
Title Plan No 1024 (“the MCST”). I shall refer to these agreements as
“contentious business agreements”. Provisions relating to contentious business
agreements and their enforcement may be found in ss 111 and 113 of the Legal
Profession Act (Cap 161, 1994 Rev Ed) (“the LPA”).

2 The contentious business agreements relate to Chancery Law’s representation
of the MCST in Suit No 311 of 2012 (“S 311/2012”), Originating Summons No 569
of 2013 (“OS 569/2013”) and Civil Appeal No 110 of 2013 (“CA 110/2013”). The
latter two are concluded matters. The former is still ongoing, although
Chancery Law has since ceased to act for the MCST in it. The parties dispute
the date and circumstances under which Chancery Law’s appointment as the
MCST’s legal representatives in S 311/2012 was discharged _or_ terminated.

3 The MCST applied for leave to issue a third party notice to join eight
current or ex-council members of the MCST (“the Council Members”) as third
parties to OS 399/2014. The MCST’s position is that it is entitled to an
indemnity and/or a contribution from the Council Members should it be liable
to Chancery Law for the fees claimed.

4 On 15 September 2014, the learned assistant registrar granted the MCST leave
to issue the third party notice. The matter before me is Chancery Law’s appeal
against that decision.

The proceedings giving rise to the contentious business agreements

5 Chancery Law’s application in OS 399/2014 comes on the back of a long-
standing dispute between two rival factions of subsidiary proprietors at a
development managed by the MCST. I shall refer to the two factions as “the Mok
faction” and “the Opposition faction”. At the time when the dispute took root,
the Mok faction had control of the MCST council. The Opposition faction, on
the other hand, possessed a majority in share value, allowing it to pass
resolutions requiring a simple majority at general meetings.

S 311/2012

6 On 8 May 2012, the Opposition faction commenced S 311/2012 against Mr Mok
Wing Chong (“MWC”), a previous chairperson of the MCST council and a member of
the Mok faction.

7 The claim is for alleged breaches of MWC’s duties and misuse of the MCST’s
funds in relation to renovation works at the development. MWC issued a third
party notice in S 311/2012 and brought the MCST in as a third party to the
suit.

8 Chancery Law acted for the MCST in S 311/2012. On 12 November 2012, the MCST
council, which was controlled by the Mok faction, unanimously resolved to
appoint Chancery Law as its legal representatives in S 311/2012. Mr Mok Wai
Chung delivered a signed copy of Chancery Law’s standard letter of engagement
and a warrant to act to Chancery Law on 19 November 2012.[note: 1]

9 The Opposition faction was dissatisfied with this turn of events. It
convened an extraordinary general (“EOGM”) meeting on 5 June 2013 and passed
various motions by ordinary resolution. One of the motions, “Motion 2”,
stipulated that “the appointment of [Chancery Law] as legal representatives of
[the MCST was to] be terminated with immediate effect”.[note: 2] The then-
chairperson of the MCST council, Mr Mok Wai Hoe (“MWH”), who is MWC’s son,
rejected the votes cast in favour of Motion 2 by the Opposition faction and
some other subsidiary proprietors. MWH’s reason was that the contested votes
were cast by the voters when they were in a position of conflict of interest.

OS 569/2013

10 About three weeks later, on 26 June 2013, the Opposition faction filed OS
569/2013. The respondents in OS 569/2013 were MWH and the MCST. The Opposition
faction prayed for an invalidation of MWH’s rejection of the contested votes
in favour of Motion 2, amongst other reliefs.

11 Chancery Law acted for the MCST in OS 569/2013. On 3 July 2013, the MCST
council passed a resolution appointing Chancery Law as the MCST’s legal
representatives in OS 569/2013. On 17 July 2013, the MCST executed Chancery
Law’s terms of engagement and a warrant to act. The signed documents were
delivered to Chancery Law on 24 July 2013 by hand.[note: 3]

12 On 28 October 2013, a judge of the High Court gave judgment in OS 569/2013
(the decision is reported at _Fu Loong Lithographer Pte Ltd and others v Mok
Wai Hoe and another_ [2014] 1 SLR 218). The judge held that MWH was correct to
reject the contested votes on Motion 2. Allowing the Opposition faction to
terminate the appointment of Chancery Law as the MCST’s counsel in proceedings
where the Opposition faction’s interests were adverse to those of the MCST
would effectively deny the MCST its right to be heard in S 311/2012. The judge
accordingly validated MWH’s rejection of the contested votes.

CA 110/2013

13 In CA 110/2013, the Opposition faction appealed against, amongst others,
the portion of the judge’s decision validating MWH’s rejection of the votes
cast in support of Motion 2. Chancery Law also acted for the MCST in the
appeal.

14 The Court of Appeal delivered its judgment on 23 May 2014 (the decision is
reported at _Fu Loon Lithographer Pte Ltd and others v Mok Wai Hoe and another
and another matter_ [2014] 3 SLR 456). The Court of Appeal allowed the
Opposition faction’s appeal on the Motion 2 point. The Court of Appeal held at
[66] that MWH’s rejection of the contested votes on Motion 2 was invalid. The
appeal was allowed (at [65]) on the narrow ground that:

[It was] difficult to see how a breach of the rules of natural justice would
be occasioned if [the MCST] itself validly determines in a general meeting
that its lawyers in [S 311/2012] should be discharged.

The Court of Appeal did not address the effect of its ruling on Chancery Law’s
status as the MCST’s legal representatives.

15 Chancery Law has since ceased to be the solicitors on record for the MCST
in S 311/2012, which is still ongoing. However, as noted earlier, the exact
point of Chancery Law’s termination is disputed.

16 The MCST’s position is that the Court of Appeal’s decision in CA 110/2013
invalidated Chancery Law’s appointment retrospectively from 5 June 2013,[note:
4] on the basis that that was the date when Motion 2 was “deemed to have been
carried”. Chancery Law’s position is that it ceased to be the MCST’s legal
representatives only when its appointment was formally terminated by the MCST
on 6 August 2014.[note: 5] This is the date when Chancery Law received an
email from the MCST, informing Chancery Law that its appointment as solicitors
for the MCST in S 311/2012 had been terminated on the basis of votes taken at
an EOGM on that day.[note: 6]

17 I note also that Chancery Law asserts that it received a letter from
solicitors acting on behalf of the Opposition faction in S 311/2012 on 7 July
2014. The letter referred to the Court of Appeal’s decision in CA 110/2013 and
explained that the Opposition faction had made a requisition for an EOGM _to
consider termination_ of Chancery Law’s appointment and their
replacement.[note: 7] It appears that the EOGM was held on 6 August 2014.
Prior to 6 August 2014, Chancery Law asserts that it had not received any
instructions from the MCST terminating its (Chancery Law’s) retainer. It is
apparent that the Opposition faction (through their lawyers) at this point in
time was also taking the position that termination of the retainer had to be
considered as a result of the Court of Appeal decision.

The proceedings in OS 399/2014

18 It appears that subsequent to those events described above, the Opposition
faction has come to be in control of the MCST. The MCST now refuses to pay
Chancery Law’s fees.

19 Chancery Law commenced OS 399/2014 against the MCST for the enforcement of
contentious business agreements relating to S 311/2012, OS 569/2013 and CA
110/2013.

20 It is established law that an agreement will only be a contentious business
agreement within s 111 of the LPA if it is specific in terms and signed by the
client (this is considered in greater detail below at [40]). I note, however,
the rather peculiar nature of the contentious business agreements before me.
The contentious business agreements are said to arise from clauses in Chancery
Law’s letters of engagement for S 311/2012 and OS 569/2013, both of which
state:[note: 8]

If you have not asked us to tax our bill/[statement of charges] pursuant to
clause 26, and do not pay our bill/[statement of charges] within 21 days of
its receipt, _the bill_ /[statement of charges] _in question shall then be
deemed to be an agreed costs bill_ /[statement of charges], _pursuant to_ ...
_s. 111_ (in respect of contentious business) of the Legal Profession Act ...
Further, if you continue to instruct us to carry out work or accept our work
product after 14 days of the receipt of a bill/[statement of charges], this
act shall be taken as your unconditional acceptance (in principle and in
quantum) of that bill/[statement of charges] and all bills/[statement of
charges] rendered previously. If this is not the case, please inform us in
writing immediately. [emphasis added]

These clauses are peculiar in that the contentious business agreement is
deemed to arise from the client’s non-response to a bill or statement of
charges issued by the solicitors. However, since the parties have proceeded on
the basis that s 111 is applicable, I will proceed on the assumption that
these are contentious business agreements within the meaning of s 111.

21 In OS 399/2014, the grounds on which the MCST refuses to pay the legal fees
include the assertion that Chancery Law pursued the interests of the Council
Members or the Mok faction instead of those of the MCST in all the proceedings
mentioned above. The details are set out in Ms Tay Lay Suan’s affidavit dated
24 July 2014 filed in OS 399/2014. Ms Tay is a manager with one of the
subsidiary proprietors from the Opposition faction.

22 The MCST resists payment of Chancery Law’s fees for S 311/2012 on the
following grounds.[note: 9]

(a) Three of the four bills issued by Chancery Law relate to work done between
4 and 21 February 2014. These fees were incurred in respect of work done after
the termination of Chancery Law’s warrant to act by the MCST on 5 June 2013.
The fourth bill covered the period from 8 November 2012 up to 3 February 2014.
Work done after 5 June 2013 was undertaken after termination of the warrant to
act.

(b) Chancery Law did not act in the interest of the MCST in S 311/2012, but
rather, acted in a manner that preferred the interests of the Mok faction; and

(c) Chancery Law’s fees are manifestly excessive.

In the alternative, the MCST asserts that it is entitled to an indemnity
and/or a contribution from the Council Members.

23 The MCST resists payment of Chancery Law’s fees for OS 569/2013 and CA
110/2013 on the basis that:[note: 10]

(a) Chancery Law acted in OS 569/2013 and CA 110/2013 in a position of
conflict of interest; and

(b) Chancery Law could have taken a completely neutral position in the
proceedings without compromising the MCST’s position. Instead, Chancery Law
pursued a rigorous defence in OS 569/2013 and CA 110/2013.

In the alternative, the MCST asserts that it is entitled to an indemnity
and/or a contribution from the Council Members.

24 The MCST filed Summons No 4368 of 2014 for leave to issue a third party
notice against eight Council Members. In the third party notice, the MCST
seeks an indemnity and/or a contribution from the Council Members on the basis
that they acted in excess of power or authority by appointing Chancery Law.

25 The MCST relies on resolutions purportedly passed at its EOGMs dated 6
October 2010 and 12 December 2012. In the former, the MCST was only authorised
to incur legal fees up to a limit of $500. In the latter, it was mandated that
any expenditure exceeding $2,000 had to be approved at a general meeting of
the MCST. The MCST argues that the effect of these resolutions is that the
Council Members did not have the power or authority to appoint Chancery Law as
the legal representatives of the MCST. In doing so, the Council Members have
acted in breach of their duties, in bad faith, and in abuse of their position.

26 I pause to mention that prior to the issuance of the third party notice,
the 6 October 2010 and 12 December 2012 meetings and resolutions were not
raised or mentioned in Ms Tay’s affidavits filed in OS 399/2014. Ms Tay’s
affidavits also never previously mentioned that the MCST council did not have
the authority to appoint Chancery Law because of restrictions placed on the
MCST council by resolutions made at the MCST’s general meetings.[note: 11]

The issue and the arguments

27 The sole issue before me is whether leave should be granted for the MCST to
issue the third party notice against the Council Members in OS 399/2014.

28 Chancery Law argues that leave should not be granted. The first point made
is that a law firm cannot sue on a contentious business agreement.[note: 12]
The only way to enforce such an agreement is by commencing an originating
summons, and by satisfying the “fair and reasonable” test. Chancery Law argues
that the inquiry is a narrow one: first, is there a contentious business
agreement; and second, is it fair and reasonable between the parties?[note:
13]

29 Chancery Law argues that whether or not the Council Members had authority
to appoint Chancery Law is “an indoor management issue that does not concern
[Chancery Law]”.[note: 14] The issues are distinct, and the Council Members
should not be joined as third parties.

30 Chancery Law also argues that proceedings under s 113 of the LPA are
“equivalent to a taxation proceeding”.[note: 15] Both proceedings are in the
context of solicitor-and-client costs. In both proceedings, the court
considers the nature of the work done and the value to be placed on it. The
“only distinction” is that the court need not assess “solicitor-and-client
costs at a fixed figure”.[note: 16]

31 Chancery Law relies on cases which show that at a taxation hearing, the
fact that the solicitors may have been negligent, or may have acted in breach
of duty is irrelevant: _Re Massey and Carey_ (1884) 26 Ch D 459; _Abrahams and
another v Wainwright Ryan_ [1998] VSC 335; and _Nicholas Drukker & Co v Pridie
Brewster & Co_ [2006] 3 Costs LR 439\. Chancery Law states that the substance
of the MCST’s allegation is that Chancery Law acted negligently or in breach
of duty. Chancery Law’s case is that this is irrelevant to proceedings under s
113 of the LPA, where all the court is concerned with is the fairness or
reasonableness of the contentious business agreement.

32 The MCST’s submissions on leave for the issuance of the third party notice
are scant, and do not add anything to their position taken in OS 399/2014
described at [21]–[24] above.

33 It is apparent that many of the submissions raised by the parties before me
cover the _substantive_ positions which they intend to take at the hearing of
OS 399/2014, rather than the question of whether leave should be granted for
the MCST to issue a third party notice against the Council Members. I will
only address the arguments in so far as they are relevant to the application
before me.

Analysis and decision

34 Before considering whether leave to issue the third party notice should be
granted, it will be helpful to consider two points. First, the nature of an
application to enforce a contentious business agreement under the LPA. Second,
the purpose of the third party proceedings provisions under O 16 r 1 of the
Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2014 Rev Ed) (“the Rules of Court”). I begin
with the nature of proceedings under s 113 of the LPA.

The nature of an application to enforce a contentious business agreement under
the LPA

35 Section 111 of the LPA permits a solicitor to enter into contentious
business agreements with his client. Section 111 states:

**111.** ­—(1) Subject to the provisions of any other written law, a solicitor
or a law corporation or a limited liability law partnership may make an
agreement in writing with any client respecting the amount and manner of
payment for the whole or any part of its costs in respect of contentious
business done or to be done by the solicitor or the law corporation or the
limited liability law partnership, either by a gross sum or otherwise, and at
either the same rate as or a greater or a lesser rate than that at which he or
the law corporation or the limited liability law partnership would otherwise
be entitled to be remunerated.

(2) Every such agreement shall be signed by the client and shall be subject to
the provisions and conditions contained in this Part.

36 In _Sports Connection Pte Ltd v Asia Law Corp and another_ [2010] 4 SLR
590, Steven Chong J said at [13] that this provision entitles a solicitor and
client to agree to a higher rate of costs than what the solicitor would
usually charge. Chong J stated that the enforceability of such agreements is
nonetheless subject to the “fair and reasonable” requirement in s 113 of the
LPA, which I shall come to in a moment.

37 More recently, the court of three judges in _Law Society of Singapore v Tay
Choon Leng John_ [2012] 3 SLR 150 held at [23] that s 111 of the LPA is a
permissive rather than mandatory provision. The court adopted at [32] the
comments of Professor Tan Yock Lin in _The Law of Advocates and Solicitors in
Singapore and West Malaysia_ (Butterworths Asia, 2nd Ed, 1998) at p 685:

Section 111 has _nothing to do with validity but is concerned only with
enforceability by the solicitor_. Being an empowering section, it does not
affect the position of a client who sets up an agreement as to costs. Before
the enactment of section 111, a client could enforce an oral agreement as to
costs against his solicitor and that remains true after the enactment. Thus in
_Clare v Joseph_ , in an action brought to recover moneys received by a
solicitor to the use of his client, the English Court of Appeal held that the
client continued to be entitled, despite the enactment of the English
equivalent of section 111, to set up an oral agreement by the solicitor to be
paid less than usual costs. However, where a solicitor purports to set up an
agreement as to costs, the agreement must be in writing for it to be
enforceable. [emphasis added]

38 Also integral to the working of the statutory scheme for contentious
business agreements is s 113, which is the section under which Chancery Law’s
application is made. Section 113 states:

**113.** ­—(1) _No action or suit shall be brought or instituted upon any such
agreement as is referred to in section 111_.

(2) Every question respecting the _validity or effect_ of the agreement may be
examined and determined, and the agreement may be enforced or set aside
without suit or action on the application by originating summons of any person
or the representatives of any person, party to the agreement, or being or
alleged to be liable to pay, or being or claiming to be entitled to be paid
the costs, fees, charges or disbursements in respect of which the agreement is
made, by the court in which the business or any part thereof was done or a
Judge thereof, or, if the business was not done in any court, then by the High
Court or a Judge thereof.

(3) Upon any such application, if it appears to the court or Judge that the
agreement is in all respects fair and reasonable between the parties, it may
be enforced by the court or Judge by rule or order, in such manner and subject
to such conditions (if any) as to the costs of the application as the court or
Judge thinks fit.

(4) If the _terms of the agreement are deemed by the court or Judge to be
unfair or unreasonable, the agreement may be declared void_.

...

[emphasis added]

39 An application to enforce a contentious business agreement must be made by
originating summons under s 113(2) of the LPA. In an application to enforce a
contentious business agreement under s 113, the court is concerned with three
questions: form, validity and effect.

40 The first preliminary question is whether the agreement satisfies the
_formal requirements_ of a contentious business agreement in s 111 of the LPA.
These include the need for the agreement to be in writing (s 111(1) of the
LPA) and signed by the client (s 111(2) of the LPA). There is also a need for
sufficient certainty or specificity of the terms governing the fees:
_Shamsudin bin Embun v P T Seah & Co_ [1985–1986] SLR(R) 1108 (_“Shamsudin v
Seah_ ”) at [22], citing the English Court of Appeal decision of _Chamberlain
v Boodle & King_ [1982] 3 All ER 188 at 191 _a_. Only agreements satisfying
the requirements in s 111 fall within the remit of s 113 of the LPA.

41 The second question concerns the contractual _validity_ of the contentious
business agreement. It will only be enforced “in the absence of there being
any vitiating factors”: _Wee Soon Kim Anthony v Chor Pee & Partners_ [2006] 1
SLR(R) 518 at [26]. In _Shamsudin v Seah_ , Chan Sek Keong JC (as he then was)
resolved a plea of _non est factum_ in determining whether to enforce a
contentious business agreement under s 113 of the LPA.

42 The third question concerns the _effect_ of the agreement. This is
underpinned by the principle stated by Andrew Phang Boon Leong JC (as he then
was) in _Wong Foong Chai v Lin Kuo Hao_ [2005] 3 SLR(R) 74 at [31] that:

[N]o agreement for the payment of costs between client and solicitor is
sacrosanct in the sense that it is conclusive and immune to, as well as
impervious from, any investigation by the court itself.

Even if the contentious business agreement overcomes the hurdles of form and
validity, the court must be satisfied that the terms of the agreement are fair
and reasonable before the court will enforce it: ss 113(3) and 113(4) of the
LPA.

43 This is a convenient point to deal with Chancery Law’s submission that an
application under s 113 of the LPA is “equivalent to a taxation
proceeding”.[note: 17] The discussion above shows that the court is not
concerned only with “the nature of the work done and the value to be placed on
it” as is the case in taxation proceedings. Proceedings under s 113 of the LPA
are broader than that. They may necessitate an examination of the
circumstances under which the agreement is formed to determine whether it was
validly entered into and whether the terms of the bargain were fairly struck
and reasonable: see _In re Stuart, ex parte Cathcart_ [1893] 2 QB 201 (“ _In
re Stuart_ ”) at 205, cited with approval in _Shamsudin v Seah_ at [31].
Indeed, in _In re Stuart_ , the English Court of Appeal noted in passing
arguments that the agreement under consideration was void as against public
policy (on the grounds of champerty). I therefore reject this submission of
Chancery Law.

44 I recognise, however, that an application under s 113 of the LPA is usually
“dealt with in a summary manner”: _Shamsudin v Seah_ at [3]. It is commenced
by originating summons and not by writ (indeed, s 113(1) of the LPA prohibits
a suit on a contentious business agreement). There may, however, be a need for
the court to take oral testimony to resolve the narrow issue of the
circumstances under which the contentious business agreement was entered into.
This was done in _Shamsudin v Seah_ , in relation to a plea of _non est
factum_ by the client.

The purpose of third party proceedings

45 The provisions governing the issuance of a third party notice are found in
O 16 r 1 of the Rules of Court. The defendant in a proceeding may issue a
third party notice in three situations. First, where he seeks a contribution
or indemnity from a person who is not a party to the action: O 16 r 1(1)(_a_).
Second, where he seeks relief relating to the original subject-matter of the
action or seeks relief substantially similar to relief claimed by the
plaintiff: O 16 r 1(1)(_b_). Third, where any issue relating to the original
subject-matter of the action should be determined between a person not already
party to the action: O 16 r 1(1)(_c_). The MCST relies on all three grounds to
join the Council Members as third parties to OS 399/2014.[note: 18] The
learned assistant registrar granted leave on the basis that the MCST was
seeking an indemnity or contribution, and because the factual bases upon which
the liability to indemnify arose were (in his view) related to the validity of
the agreement and the limits of the MCST council’s authority.

46 In the present case, pursuant to O 16 r 1(2) of the Rules of Court, leave
of court is required to issue the third party notice since the proceedings
were commenced by originating summons. Order 16 r 2 of the Rules of Court sets
out the procedure governing leave applications. Jeffrey Pinsler SC, _Singapore
Court Practice 2014_ (Lexis Nexis, 2014) (“ _Singapore Court Practice_ ”)
explains at paragraph 16/2/5 that the court enjoys a general discretion in all
cases whether or not to allow the issuance of a third party notice. I note in
passing that in cases where a third party notice can be issued without leave,
any objections by the plaintiff or the third party are considered at the
hearing of the defendant’s summons for third party directions: _Singapore
Court Practice_ at paragraph 16/4/5. Factors relevant to the exercise of the
court’s discretion are considered below at [51].

47 Regardless of which limb of O 16 r 1 of the Rules of Court is relied on,
the objective of third party proceedings is twofold: _Singapore Court
Practice_ at paragraph 16/1/1. First, to enable parties to raise all issues
relating to the subject-matter of the hearing in one set of proceedings. This
avoids delay and unnecessary costs resulting from multiple actions. The second
related objective is to avoid inconsistency between judicial decisions if
common issues are litigated in separate proceedings.

Whether leave should be granted for the MCST to issue the third party notice

48 In its third party notice (see [24]–[26] above), the MCST pleads that it is
entitled to an indemnity and/or a contribution from the Council Members who
appointed Chancery Law as its legal representatives. The third party notice
was filed on 18 September 2014\. Shortly after, the learned assistant
registrar granted the leave that is now being appealed.

49 The learned assistant registrar’s decision was based primarily on the
assessment that the MCST’s claim fell within the contribution or indemnity
ground articulated in O 16 r 1(1)(_a_) of the Rules of Court. The learned
assistant registrar may also have been of the view that O 16 r 1(1)(_c_)
applied, given his holding that the factual bases of the indemnity claim were
related to the validity of the agreement.

50 Before I set out my reasons for deciding that leave should not have been
given for the MCST to issue the third party notice, I should note that neither
party in the submissions touched on the question of law as to when a right to
an indemnity arises, particularly between the MCST and the Council Members.
This is understandable given that at this stage, what is in issue is whether a
_prima facie_ case has been made that the matter falls with a limb of O 16 r 1
of the Rules of Court. It is not necessary to go into the substantive merits
as such. Nevertheless, I mention in passing that in _Singapore Civil
Procedure_ at paragraph 16/1/3, it is stated that the right to an indemnity
can be based on a principle of law or equity. Cases where the right has been
recognised include a situation where the third party was the managing director
of the defendant-company, and his breach of duty to the company caused losses:
_Eastern Shipping Co v Quah Beng Kee_ [1924] AC 177, cited in _Goh Sin Huat
Electrical Pte Ltd v Ho See Jui (trading as Xuanhua Art Gallery) and another_
[2012] 3 SLR 1038. However, even if there is a _prima facie_ basis for the
claim to an indemnity, it is my view that leave should not be granted.

51 The court has the discretion to set aside, or to refuse to grant leave to
issue a third party notice, where there may be nothing to be gained from
determining all matters at once (_Singapore Court Practice_ at paragraph
16/4/4), or where the plaintiff would “be embarrassed by the desire of the
defendants to have the whole question of [the third party’s] liability decided
at once” (_Carshore v North Eastern Railway Company_ (1885) 29 Ch D 344 at
346). In cases where the defendant needs leave to issue a third party notice,
as in the present case, it does not follow that leave must be granted whenever
a _prima facie_ case is made out which would bring the matter within any limb
of O 16 r 1(1). The court retains the discretion to refuse leave in the
circumstances outlined above: _Singapore Court Practice_ at paragraph 16/2/5.

52 In _Bower v Hartley and another_ (1876) 1 QB 652, the defendant insurance
brokers were approached by the plaintiff shipper to effect insurance for
cargoes that the plaintiff was shipping abroad. The cargoes were lost at sea
but the underwriters refused to make payment to the plaintiff. The plaintiff
brought a claim against the defendants in negligence. The defendants issued a
third party notice to join a second insurance broker (“Leyland & Co”). The
defendants’ position was that they effected one of the insurance policies
through Leyland & Co and the latter was responsible for indemnifying the
former. The plaintiff resisted the joining of Leyland & Co as a third party.

53 The English Court of Appeal upheld the decision of the Queen’s Bench
Division to set aside the third party notice. Mellish LJ took into account the
fact that the defendant’s claim against Leyland & Co “would be distinct” (at
657) from the plaintiff’s claim against the defendant. The issue of negligence
between the plaintiff and the defendant was distinct from the negligence
between the defendant and third party. He also said that the inclusion of
Leyland & Co might delay the trial. Mellish LJ concluded that the court should
exercise its discretion to refuse to make the order to serve the third
parties. James LJ also said at 656 that “the convenience of having this
question determined once for all in this action is not enough to outweigh the
injury to the plaintiff which may result from the introduction of the third
party”.

54 It is my view that to allow the third party notice to be issued in this
case will cause substantial prejudice to Chancery Law. Further, there would be
little to be gained from determining all at once Chancery Law’s claim for fees
under the agreement and the MCST’s claim for an indemnity against the Council
Members.

55 Joining the Council Members as third parties would deprive Chancery Law of
what is in essence a summary procedure for a solicitor to enforce a
contentious business agreement against his client. The enforcement of a
contentious business agreement hangs on the resolution of the three narrow
questions of form, validity and effect discussed above. Proceedings under s
113 of the LPA are commenced by originating summons. The provisions do not
envisage the resolution of substantial disputes of fact.

56 The issue of whether the Council Members had authority to appoint Chancery
Law, on the other hand, raises disputed factual and legal questions. Chancery
Law will be put through the expense of having to participate in a factually
intensive dispute with little relation, if any at all, to Chancery Law’s claim
for fees. Further, an action commenced by originating summons is a blunt tool
to resolve contested facts. A conversion of OS 399/2013 to a writ action is
not possible because s 113(1) of the LPA prohibits a contentious business
agreement from being the subject of a suit.

57 While oral evidence can be heard in cases commenced by originating summons,
this is not the norm. The fact that Parliament saw fit to mandate that
proceedings under s 113 of the LPA must be by way of originating summons
supports the view that a summary procedure is intended. _Shamsudin v Seah_ ,
referred to earlier, was a case where the court heard oral evidence on the
issue of whether the client understood the nature of the contentious fee
agreement in the context of his assertion that the agreement was void for _non
est factum_. _Shamsudin v Seah_ was not a case where third party proceedings
were in issue.

58 It also seems to me that there is little to be gained from resolving the
issue of the Council Members’ authority to engage Chancery Law (and therefore
whether the MCST is entitled to an indemnity from them for Chancery Law’s
fees) together with whether Chancery Law should be entitled to enforce the
contentious business agreements against the MCST. There is no suggestion in Ms
Tay’s affidavit that Chancery Law had actual or constructive notice of the
Council Members’ alleged lack of authority, which would have affected the
validity of Chancery Law’s retainer.

59 Chancery Law relies on letters of engagement and warrants to act that were
signed in accordance with and pursuant to what appeared to be valid
resolutions of the MCST’s council. It may be said (without deciding) that the
MCST council had, at the very least, apparent or ostensible authority to
engage Chancery Law. At the substantive hearing of OS 399/2014, the issues to
be decided between Chancery Law and the MCST are: (a) whether the contentious
business agreements are valid (in particular whether Chancery Law can rely on
the apparent or ostensible authority); (b) whether the agreement is fair; and
(c) whether the terms are reasonable. Issues as to whether the fees are
excessive or whether Chancery Law did not act in the best interests of the
MCST, _etc_ , are relevant to (b) and (c). But those matters are not before me
and must ultimately be resolved at the substantive hearing of OS 399/2014.

60 The issue of whether the Council Members had actual authority when they
appointed Chancery Law and whether they had breached any duty owed to the MCST
is a distinct question from Chancery Law’s application under s 113 of the LPA.
There is no need for them to be resolved together.

61 In coming to this decision, I have noted the comment of the Court of Appeal
in _CIMB Bank Bhd v Dresdner Kleinwort Ltd_ [2008] 4 SLR(R) 543 (“ _CIMB Bank
v Dresdner Kleinwort_ ”) at [82] that:

We must emphasise, and this seemed to have been overlooked by CIMB, that the
real test to determine whether a third-party action should be heard together
with the main action is not that of connection alone but whether they are
inextricably linked and the third party action is an integral and inseparable
part of the main action …

62 I accept that the Court of Appeal’s remarks in _CIMB Bank v Dresdner
Kleinwort_ appear to relate only to O 16 r 1(1)(_b_) and (_c_) of the Rules of
Court (there did not appear to be any issue of indemnity and/or contribution
before the Court of Appeal in that case).

63 Nevertheless, these comments are of some relevance given that the MCST
relies on all the limbs of O 16 r 1(1) of the Rules of Court. Further, whilst
the learned assistant registrar decided the application primarily on the basis
of the indemnity claim, it appears that he also accepted the applicability of
the limb in O 16 r 1(1)(_c_).

64 It will be recalled that the position taken by the MCST in resisting
payment of Chancery Law’s fees for S 311/2012 is rooted in the claim that much
of the work claimed in the four bills rendered by Chancery Law (see [22]
above) related to work done after Chancery Law’s warrant to act had been
terminated on 5 June 2013.[note: 19] Leaving aside the apparent inconsistency
between this and the position taken by the Opposition faction in their
lawyer’s letter referred to at [17] above, Chancery Law’s position is that as
a matter of law, their appointment was only terminated on 6 August 2014. The
question as to when Chancery Law’s appointment was terminated is indeed a
matter of law. The possible dates are 5 June 2013, 23 May 2014 (the date when
the Court of Appeal allowed the Opposition faction’s appeal in CA 110/2013) or
6 August 2014. This is quite different from the main issue raised in the third
party proceedings against the Council Members: namely that they had appointed
Chancery Law in breach of the resolutions.

65 The other grounds of attack relied on by the MCST in resisting fees for S
311/2012 is the allegation that Chancery Law did not act in the interest of
the MCST in S 311/2012, and that the fees are manifestly excessive. The latter
bears no connection with the claim against the third party. The former is only
loosely connected with the third party claim.

66 The position taken by the MCST in resisting payment of Chancery Law’s fees
for OS 569/2013 and CA 110/2013[note: 20] rests on the assertion that Chancery
Law acted in a position of conflict of interest. In addition, it is claimed
that Chancery Law could have taken a completely neutral position in the
proceedings without compromising the MCST’s position. In my view, there are no
good reasons for these issues and the third party claim to be resolved in the
same set of proceedings.

67 In the circumstances, leave to issue the third party notice should not have
been granted. The third party notice is set aside. I will hear the parties on
costs.

* * *

[note: 1]Tan Tian Luh’s 1st Affidavit for the applicant, Chancery Law, at
paragraphs 9–11.

[note: 2]Tay Lay Suan’s 1st Affidavit for the respondent, the MCST, at
paragraph 17.

[note: 3]Tan Tian Luh’s 1st Affidavit at paragraphs 14–16.

[note: 4]Tay Lay Suan’s 1st Affidavit at paragraph 22.

[note: 5]Tan Tian Luh’s 2nd Affidavit at paragraphs 17–19.

[note: 6]Tan Tian Luh’s 2nd Affidavit at p 31.

[note: 7]Tan Tian Luh’s 2nd Affidavit at paragraph 14.

[note: 8]Tan Tian Luh’s 1st Affidavit at paragraphs 55 and 66.

[note: 9]Affidavit of Tay Lay Suan dated 24 July 2014 at paragraphs 23–26.

[note: 10]Affidavit of Tay Lay Suan dated 24 July 2014 at paragraphs 12–16 and
73.

[note: 11]Chancery Law’s submissions at paragraph 54.

[note: 12]Chancery Law’s submissions at paragraph 6.

[note: 13]Chancery Law’s submissions at paragraph 10.

[note: 14]Chancery Law’s submissions at paragraph 24.

[note: 15]Chancery Law’s supplemental submissions at paragraph 4.

[note: 16]Chancery Law’s supplemental submissions at paragraph 5.

[note: 17]Chancery Law’s supplementary written submissions at paragraph 4.

[note: 18]The MCST’s submissions at paragraph 10.

[note: 19]Affidavit of Tay Lay Suan dated 24 July 2014 at paragraphs 23–26.

[note: 20]Affidavit of Tay Lay Suan dated 24 July 2014 at paragraphs 12–16 and
73.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 13 Mar 2015 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

