Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Zhang Run Zi _v_ Koh Kim Seng and another  
[2015] SGHC 175

Case Number| :| Suit No 2 of 2013 (Registrar's Appeal No 96 of 2015)  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 09 July 2015  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  George Wei JC (as he then was)  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Looi Wan Hui (JLim Law Corporation) for the
Appellant/Plaintiff; Balasubramaniam Ernest Yogarajah (Unilegal LLC) for the
Respondents/Defendants.  
Parties| :|  Zhang Run Zi — Koh Kim Seng and another  
  
9 July 2015|  
---|---  
  
George Wei J:

1 The judicial process provides a rule-based system for parties to vindicate
their rights and seek appropriate remedies. The system is part and parcel of
the rule of law. Whilst all persons with grievances should have the
opportunity to have those grievances fully ventilated, the cost of litigation
is undeniable. This cost is not merely financial costs for the litigants.
Costs are also incurred by the State, which has to provide judicial resources
for the resolution of the dispute. Whilst litigation is inevitably stressful
for all parties, the financial and emotional cost of protracted litigation,
especially repeated attempts to litigate the same complaint, is a matter which
the law is not blind to. The doctrine of _res judicata_ thus plays a crucial
role in striking the balance between the competing objectives of allowing the
plaintiff his or her day in court, and preventing vexatious litigation which
burdens all parties involved and places a strain on judicial resources.

2 The present case is one such instance where I found that the balance lay in
favour of striking out the plaintiff’s claim on the grounds of _res judicata_.
I now set out the grounds for my decision.

Procedural history

3 Zhang Run Zi (“the Plaintiff”) commenced Suit No 2 of 2013 (“S 2/2013”) to
recover losses she claims to have suffered from a failed property transaction
in 2007 when she was supposed to purchase 10 Hoot Kiam Road S(249395) (“the
Property”) from joint owners Koh Kim Seng (“Mr Koh”) and Alice Swan (“the
Defendants”).

4 On 19 January 2015, the Defendants filed Summons No 270 of 2015 (“SUM
270/2015”) to strike out the Plaintiff’s entire statement of claim. In
summary, the Defendants asserted that S 2/2013 is an abuse of process because
the factual and legal issues raised in S 2/2013 have already been litigated on
multiple occasions previously.

5 On 18 March 2015, the learned assistant registrar (“the AR”) allowed SUM
270/2015 in full, and ordered that the Plaintiff pay the Defendants fixed
costs assessed on an indemnity basis of $14,500 inclusive of disbursements.

6 On 1 April 2015, the Plaintiff filed Registrar’s Appeal No 96 of 2015
against the AR’s entire decision. I heard the parties on 27 April 2015, and
dismissed the Plaintiff’s appeal in full. I also ordered the Plaintiff to pay
the Defendants costs on an indemnity basis for the appeal. The Plaintiff now
appeals against my decision in Civil Appeal No 110 of 2015.

Factual background

7 The material events regarding the disputed property transaction took place
some eight years ago in early 2007. On 3 January 2007, upon the Plaintiff’s
payment of the option fee ($10,200), the Defendants granted the Plaintiff an
option to purchase the Property. On 24 January 2007, the Plaintiff exercised
her option to purchase the Property. At that point, she had paid the
Defendants $51,000 for the purchase of the Property, which was 5% of the
purchase price. On 25 January 2007, the Plaintiff lodged a caveat against the
Property (“the Plaintiff’s First Caveat”).

8 The date of legal completion as specified in the sale and purchase agreement
was 21 March 2007. Some time in February 2007, the parties exchanged
correspondence regarding the Defendants’ alleged concealing of road lines
which affected the Property. The Defendants refuted the Plaintiff’s
allegations. Nothing conclusive emerged from the correspondence.

9 Subsequently, for reasons which are the subject of intense factual
disagreement on both sides, the Plaintiff failed to complete the purchase of
the Property on 21 March 2007. On 26 March 2007, the Defendants gave the
Plaintiff a 21-day notice to complete the purchase of the property. No
response was received from the Plaintiff. Therefore, the Defendants retained
the $51,000 paid by the Plaintiff and proceeded to look for other buyers.

10 As it turned out, the Defendants did manage to find a second buyer. On 26
April 2007, the Defendants gave the second buyer an option to purchase. Legal
completion of this second sale and purchase transaction was due on 5 July
2007. However, legal completion was delayed because the Plaintiff’s First
Caveat was still on the register as of 5 July 2007.

11 The Defendants therefore took action to remove the Plaintiff’s First
Caveat. They first lodged an application with the land registry to cancel the
Plaintiff’s caveat. The Plaintiff objected in writing to the cancellation of
her caveat. The Registrar of Titles therefore directed the Defendants to apply
to court for a determination of the matter.

12 Following that direction, the Defendants commenced Originating Summons No
1639 of 2007 (“OS 1639/2007”) on 6 November 2007 to lift the Plaintiff’s First
Caveat.

13 By an order of court dated 29 November 2007, Tay Yong Kwang J expunged the
Plaintiff’s First Caveat. Tay J also directed the Plaintiff to consult her
solicitors regarding the Property transaction and commence any action against
the Defendants within two months from 29 November 2007 (_ie_ , by 29 January
2008). If no such action was commenced, it was ordered that the Defendants be
at liberty to restore the remaining prayers in OS 1639/2007 (primarily, a
prayer for compensation of losses arising from the delayed completion of the
sale).

14 After the High Court expunged the Plaintiff's First Caveat, she immediately
proceeded to lodge a second caveat against the Property on 4 December 2007
(“the Plaintiff’s Second Caveat”). In response, the Defendants commenced
Originating Summons No 2 of 2008 (“OS 2/2008”) on 2 January 2008 to expunge
the Plaintiff’s Second Caveat.

15 On 10 January 2008, Lee Seiu Kin J ordered that the Plaintiff’s Second
Caveat be expunged, and that the Plaintiff be prohibited from taking any steps
that may interfere with the Property, including the lodging of further caveats
without the leave of court.

16 Exactly on 29 January 2008, the Plaintiff commenced Magistrates’ Courts
Suit No 2619 of 2008 (“MC 2619/2008”) against the Defendants. She pleaded,
_inter alia_ , that she was not told that the Property was affected by road
lines before she paid the $51,000 to the Defendants, and claimed for the
return of the $51,000. The Defendants applied to strike out MC 2619/2008. They
were successful before the Deputy Registrar of the then Subordinate Courts.
The Plaintiff appealed against the Deputy Registrar’s striking out order, but
the District Judge dismissed her appeal in January 2012. The Plaintiff did not
attempt to appeal the District Judge’s order.

17 On 2 May 2012, pursuant to Tay J’s order dated 29 November 2007, the
Defendants wrote to the court requesting that the remaining prayers in OS
1639/2007 be restored for hearing. The matter went before Tay J on 20 July
2012. Tay J ordered the Plaintiff to pay the Defendants damages to be
assessed, with costs on an indemnity basis.

18 However, before the assessment of damages hearing, the Plaintiff filed
Summons No 72 of 2013 (“SUM 72/2013”) on 5 January 2013 to set aside the
orders of court dated 29 November 2007 (Tay J's order expunging the
Plaintiff’s First Caveat), 10 January 2008 (Lee J's order expunging the
Plaintiff’s Second Caveat), and 20 July 2012 (Tay J's order in OS 1639/2007
that the Plaintiff pay the Defendants damages to be assessed and costs on an
indemnity basis). SUM 72/2013 went before Tay J on 7 February 2013, and Tay J
dismissed the Plaintiff’s summons. Tay J issued written grounds for his
decision at [2013] SGHC 79.

19 The Plaintiff appealed against Tay J's decision in SUM 72/2013 in Civil
Appeal No 22 of 2013, but the Court of Appeal dismissed her appeal on 23
September 2013. Thereafter, the assessment of damages hearing (AD 2/2013) was
proceeded with and judgment was issued on 11 February 2015.

20 Of course, as the above events unfolded, the Plaintiff simultaneously
commenced the present suit (S 2/2013) on 2 January 2013. As mentioned, I
upheld the AR’s decision to strike out S 2/2013 entirely on 27 April 2015. I
now explain the reasons for my decision.

Issues

21 The key question before me was whether the doctrine of _res judicata_
(broadly speaking) operated in the present case to justify striking out the
Plaintiff’s entire claim in S 2/2013. More specifically, I had to consider
whether cause of action estoppel, issue estoppel, and/or “the extended
doctrine of _res judicata_ ” applied to bar the Plaintiff’s claims in S
2/2013.

22 On the question of _res judicata_ , the Plaintiff submitted that while she
did previously commence an action against the Defendants in relation to the
Property, the two specific legal wrongs asserted in S 2/2013, namely
misrepresentation and breach of contract, were never previously decided upon.

23 I therefore propose to explain the grounds of my decision in the following
manner:

(a) First, I shall consider what was or was not litigated and decided in the
proceedings that preceded S 2/2013.

(b) Second, I shall consider the specific contours of the doctrine of _res
judicata_.

(c) Finally, I shall explain why I found that on the facts of the present
case, the doctrine of _res judicata_ operated to bar the Plaintiff’s entire
claim in S 2/2013.

The history of litigation

24 The two key proceedings in which the issues raised in the current suit were
arguably already litigated are MC 2619/2008 and SUM 72/2013. I therefore
considered what was actually raised and decided in MC 2619/2008 and SUM
72/2013.

MC 2619/2008

25 As mentioned, in MC 2619/2008, the Plaintiff claimed for the return of the
$51,000 she paid to the Defendants for the purchase of the Property. In her
statement of claim for MC 2619/2008, the Plaintiff pleaded the following:

(a) Before she exercised the option, she did not know the Property was
affected by two road schemes, both of which affected the open market value of
the Property.

(b) The market value of the Property was half what she was paying for it and
she was unable to finance the purchase of the Property as a result.

(c) She was therefore entitled to recover the $51,000 she paid to the
Defendants for the purchase of the Property because of a total failure of
consideration. In this respect, she also included a prayer for any other or
further relief which the court deemed just.

26 It is clear that the Plaintiff’s statement of claim for MC 2619/2008 was
bare in that it was lacking in details. She did not specifically plead the
claims of misrepresentation and/or breach of contract. That said, it appears
that a detailed statement by the plaintiff on the “course of events” was
tendered at the hearing.[note: 1] Whilst the document is undated and unsigned,
the statement raised many points including the assertion that Mr Koh had
stated there were no problems with the property, the alleged deception by Mr
Koh, and the Plaintiff’s alleged losses including loss of opportunity to
purchase another property and the fact that she sold a property in China to
raise funds.

27 Moreover, it must be noted that based on the Notes of Evidence, in the oral
hearing before District Judge Leslie Chew on 19 January 2012, the Plaintiff
(who appeared in person) was, in any case, given the opportunity to ventilate
the facts upon which she based her claims. The Notes of Evidence reveal the
following:

(a) The District Judge noted that the appeal before him was a rehearing, and
therefore, gave the Plaintiff the liberty to submit whatever she liked.[note:
2] Significant latitude was given to allow her to present material not found
in the pleadings or documents despite the Defendants’ counsel’s
objection.[note: 3]

(b) The Plaintiff had raised the fact that certain important documents
relating to the Property were not sent to her.[note: 4]

(c) She also raised the facts that supported her claim for
misrepresentation.[note: 5]

(d) The Defendants made the point that the Plaintiff’s pleadings did not
disclose any cause of action, whether in misrepresentation or breach of
contract.[note: 6]

(e) After hearing the Plaintiff’s and Defendants’ arguments, the District
Judge found that the Plaintiff could not show that she had a reasonable cause
of action on the pleadings and documents. He therefore found that the
Plaintiff’s claim as pleaded in MC 2619/2008 was bound to fail. [note: 7]

28 It is clear that the District Judge decided that the Plaintiff’s case as
pleaded and revealed in the documents disclosed no reasonable cause of action.
What is less clear is if the District Judge decided that the _oral arguments_
made by the Plaintiff at the hearing before him on 19 January 2012, which
clearly went beyond the pleadings and documents, _also_ disclosed no
reasonable cause of action. From the latitude the District Judge gave to the
Plaintiff to present her arguments despite objections from the Defendants’
counsel that the material she was submitting orally went beyond the pleadings
and documents, there are strong grounds for an inference that the District
Judge’s decision was not made merely based on the Plaintiff’s case as pleaded,
but on her entire case as submitted both in writing as well as orally.

SUM 72/2013

29 The Plaintiff filed SUM 72/2013 to set aside Tay J's order expunging the
Plaintiff’s First Caveat, Lee J's order expunging the Plaintiff’s Second
Caveat, and Tay J's order dated 20 July 2012 in OS 1639/2007 that the
Plaintiff pay the Defendants damages to be assessed and costs on an indemnity
basis.

30 In SUM 72/2013, it is undisputed that the Plaintiff did raise the two legal
claims raised in S 2/2013 (namely, misrepresentation and breach of contract)
as grounds for her setting aside application. The Plaintiff concedes
this.[note: 8] This is also evident from Tay J’s written grounds of decision,
where he noted the Plaintiff’s submissions regarding the Defendants’
misrepresentation and failure to send letters relating to the completion to
her correct address: _Koh Kim Seng and another v Zhang Run-Zi_ [2013] SGHC 79
at [21]–[32]. Tay J also noted at [33] that new evidence from one Adrian Koh,
which was not presented in previous proceedings, was adduced.

31 However, having heard the Plaintiff’s submissions, Tay J dismissed SUM
72/2013 and held (at [40]–[41]):

40 It can be seen from the narration of the background and the latest hearing
before me that _the defendant was given all the legal avenues to pursue her
allegations against the first plaintiff and she did so by commencing the MC
Suit_. When that was struck out, she did not appeal to the High Court but let
the matter rest. Even after the order of 20 July 2012 was made in respect of
the remaining prayers of this originating summons, she took no steps until the
plaintiffs started the process for the assessment of damages.

41 There was absolutely no reason to set aside the 3 orders or any one of
them. _Everything that could be canvassed before the courts was before the
courts._ There was no allegation that Adrian Koh could not be located or that
he was unwilling or unable to file an affidavit to support the defendant’s
case at the earlier stages of this case. His email (set out at [23] above) was
available to the defendant since 5 December 2007. If the defendant and/or her
solicitors decided not to produce the said email or to ask Adrian Koh to file
an affidavit, that was a conscious decision taken and is no ground for the
court to now re-open the proceedings. In any event, the fact that Adrian Koh
was present during the signing of the option was acknowledged by the
plaintiffs. That has been considered by the courts and has not made any
difference to the outcomes.

[emphasis added]

32 It is clear that Tay J decided not to set aside any of the three orders
disputed by the Plaintiff because he considered that all the matters raised in
SUM 72/2013 were already canvassed before the courts previously, and were
decided upon. The Plaintiff had the opportunity to pursue her claims against
the Defendants, and she did so in MC 2619/2008. There was therefore no reason
to set aside any of the three orders.

33 I made several observations about Tay J’s decision:

(a) First, I noted that the Plaintiff’s main grounds for SUM 72/2013 were that
the full factual matrix was not before the court at the time the three orders
were made (see [21] of Tay J’s decision), and that there was a new witness,
Adrian Koh, whose testimony was material and in the Plaintiff’s favour. In
that context, Tay J disagreed that the Magistrate’s Court or the High Court
did not have the full factual matrix. He also pointed out that while Adrian
Koh’s testimony was new, it could have been obtained earlier and his new
evidence is no reason to re-open proceedings.

(b) Second, in SUM 72/2013, Tay J decided that there was no reason to set
aside the orders expunging the Plaintiff’s caveats and directing the Plaintiff
to pay the Defendants damages for failing to remove or wrongfully lodging her
caveats because the substance of the Plaintiff’s allegations against the
Defendants (_ie_ , misrepresentation and breach of contract) were either
already previously considered by the courts (and hence should not be re-
litigated), or should have been raised earlier. As such, Tay J dismissed SUM
72/2013 because the matters raised by the Plaintiff therein were _res
judicata_ ; he did not come to the decision after an evaluation of the merits
of the Plaintiff’s claims in SUM 72/2013.

(c) Third, I noted that the Court of Appeal affirmed Tay J’s decision in Civil
Appeal No 22 of 2013.

34 Having explained in some detail the legal proceedings that preceded S
2/2013, I now proceed to consider the law on _res judicata_.

The doctrine of _res judicata_

35 The doctrine of _res judicata_ has often been described as an “umbrella
doctrine” encompassing three conceptually distinct though interrelated
principles, namely, cause of action estoppel, issue estoppel, and the
“extended doctrine of _res judicata_ ” or defence of abuse of process: _Goh
Nellie v Goh Lian Teck_ [2007] 1 SLR(R) 453 (“ _Goh Nellie_ ”) at [17]–[19],
_Wing Joo Loong Ginseng Hong (Singapore) Co Pte Ltd v Qinghai Xinyuan Foreign
Trade Co Ltd and another and another appeal_ [2009] 2 SLR(R) 814 (“ _Wing Joo
Loong_ ”) at [165], _Manharlal Trikamdas Mody v Sumikin Bussan International
(HK) Ltd_ [2014] 3 SLR 1161 (“ _Manharlal Trikamdas_ ”) at [133].

36 It is important to note that whilst cause of action estoppel and issue
estoppel operate as an absolute bar to re-litigation save in special
circumstances, the defence of abuse of process is not subject to the same
test. In the latter, the court is asked to balance the competing claims of one
party to put his case before the court, and the other not to be unjustly
hounded given the history of the matter: _Goh Nellie_ at [23] and _Kwa Ban
Cheong v Kuah Boon Sek and others_ [2003] 3 SLR(R) 644 (“ _Kwa Ban Cheong_ ”)
at [24], citing _Bradford & Bingley Building Society v Seddon_ [1999] 1 WLR
1482 at 1490.

37 I shall now consider the specific operation of cause of action estoppel,
issue estoppel, and the doctrine of abuse of process.

Cause of action estoppel

38 In _Thoday v Thoday_ [1964] P 181 at 197–198, Diplock LJ (as he then was)
explained cause of action estoppel as follows:

‘[C]ause of action estoppel,’ is that which prevents a party from asserting or
denying, as against the other party, the existence of a particular cause of
action, the non-existence or existence of which has been determined by a court
of competent jurisdiction in previous litigation between the same parties. If
the cause of action was determined to exist, i.e., judgment was given upon it,
it is said to be merged in the judgment … If it was determined not to exist,
the unsuccessful plaintiff can no longer assert that it does; he is estopped
per rem judicatam.

This statement of law was affirmed by the Singapore High Court in _Goh Nellie_
at [17].

39 Thus, once a cause of action has been litigated and decided upon, neither
party may institute fresh proceedings before another court in order to re-
litigate the same cause of action: _Halsbury’s Laws of Singapore, Evidence_ ,
Vol 10 (LexisNexis, 2013 Reissue) (“ _Halsbury’s Singapore on Evidence_ ”) at
[120.180]. Unless fraud or collusion is alleged to set aside the earlier
judgment, a cause of action estoppel operates absolutely, with no exception
even for special circumstances: _Arnold v National Westminster Bank plc_
[1991] 2 AC 93 (“ _Arnold_ ”) at 104, _Halsbury’s Singapore on Evidence_ at
[120.180], K R Handley, _Spencer Bower and Handley: Res Judicata_ (LexisNexis,
4th Ed, 2009) (“ _Spencer Bower and Handley_ ”) at para 7.04. Moreover, even
if there are new factual or legal points which might have been but were not
raised and decided in the earlier proceedings, cause of action estoppel still
applies to bar a re-litigation of the cause of action in light of those new
points: _Arnold_ at 104. I pause here to observe that in some cases, the
operation of the doctrine of _res judicata_ may be excluded by statutory
provisions.

40 The requirements for cause of action estoppel to operate are as follows:

(a) identity of parties;

(b) identity of causes of action;

(c) the court pronouncing the earlier judgment must have been a competent
court; and

(d) the judgment must be final and conclusive on the merits.

See _Manharlal Trikamdas_ at [136] and _Halsbury’s Singapore on Evidence_ at
[120.182].

41 In deciding the present case, I had to pay especial attention to whether
there was an identity of causes of action. I thus found it helpful to consider
in more detail what the requirement entailed.

42 The first and most fundamental question that I had to consider was what a
“cause of action” is. In _Multi-Pak Singapore Pte Ltd (in receivership) v
Intraco Ltd and others_ [1992] 2 SLR(R) 382 (“ _Multi-Pak_ ”), the court had
to decide, _inter alia_ , if certain voluntarily particulars filed by the
plaintiff and served on the defendant introduced a new “cause of action” under
O 20 rr 5(2) and (5) of the Rules of the Supreme Court 1970 (as was then
applicable). If it did, the court could only grant the plaintiff leave to
amend its pleadings if the new cause of action arises “out of the same facts
or substantially the same facts” as the existing causes of action. At [28], G
P Selvam JC (as he then was) noted that the meaning of the term “cause of
action” could differ based on context and may “mean one thing for one purpose
and something different for another.” One possible meaning of “cause of
action” is the facts which the plaintiff must prove in order to get a decision
in his favour (_Multi-Pak_ at [29]), or the factual situation, the existence
of which entitles a person to obtain from the court a remedy against another
person (_Letang v Cooper_ [1965] 1 QB 232 at 242-243). However, Selvam JC also
noted that in certain limited contexts, “cause of action” may also refer to
the legal basis which entitles the plaintiff to succeed (_Multi-Pak_ at [30]).

43 In this regard, I was of the view that in the context of cause of action
estoppel, “cause of action” referred to the _material facts upon which the
plaintiff’s claims for relief were based_. In other words, if a plaintiff’s
right to a remedy in a particular matrix of pleaded facts has been decided
upon, under cause of action estoppel, the plaintiff cannot re-litigate his
right to a remedy against the same defendant on those same facts. The fact
that certain legal points or arguments raised in subsequent proceedings were
not raised or decided upon in the previous proceedings does not bar the
operation of cause of action estoppel; there is still identity of cause of
action on the basis that the material facts pleaded as the basis for a remedy
are identical.

44 In coming to this view, I noted the emphasis that previous authorities on
cause of action estoppel have placed on the _substance_ of the subject matter
of the cause of action, rather than mere differences or similarities in the
_form_ of the action: _Halsbury’s Singapore on Evidence_ at [120.182],
_Spencer Bower and Handley_ at 7.05. In particular, previous authorities have
placed focus on the identity of the _facts pleaded_ , rather than the _legal
points or forms of action_ raised.

45 In _Greenhalgh v Mallard_ [1947] 2 All ER 225 at 257-259, the plaintiff
brought a second action for conspiracy to injure by unlawful means after
failing in his action for conspiracy to effect an unlawful purpose. The second
claim was brought on the same set of facts as the first. In this context, the
English Court of Appeal found that the second action was barred by cause of
action estoppel notwithstanding the fact that the second action may have been
framed differently from a _legal_ point of view. Somervell LJ commented (at
257):

… In other words, a conspiracy may give rise to a claim for damages if either
the end or the means, or both, are wrongful, but, in my opinion, a plaintiff
who believes he has a cause of action in conspiracy must make up his mind
whether he is going to rely on one or other or both of these allegations
–whether he is going to say that the purpose was unlawful, but he does not
suggest that the means are unlawful, or that the means were unlawful, but he
does not suggest that the purpose was unlawful; or that both are unlawful.
_But if he has chosen to rely on, and put his case in, one of those ways, he
cannot, in my view, thereafter bring the same transactions before the court
and say that he is relying on a new cause of action._

[emphasis added]

46 Similarly, in _Wright v Bennett_ [1948] 1 All ER 227 at 230, a plaintiff
sought to bring a second action for fraudulent conspiracy on the same set of
facts after his first action for fraud had failed. The English Court of Appeal
found that the second action was barred by, _inter alia_ , cause of action
estoppel because the plaintiff was “calling on [the] defendants in substance
and in reality to meet the same old charge”.

47 I mention only one more case to demonstrate my point. In _Republic of India
v Indian Steamship Co Ltd_ [1993] AC 410, the plaintiff’s claim for damages
arose out of a fire which broke out in its cargo hold in which the plaintiff’s
consignment of munitions was stored. The plaintiff’s loss or damage might have
resulted from the breach of more than one term of the contract. The plaintiff
had already successfully obtained judgment for £6,000 against the defendant in
Cochin, but was seeking to pursue the remainder of its claim of £2.5m in the
English courts. In finding that cause of action estoppel applied, the House of
Lords held (at 421):

… However, for present purposes, there is no need to distinguish between the
two breaches; because the factual basis relied upon by the plaintiffs as
giving rise to the two breaches is the same, and indeed was referred to
compendiously by the plaintiffs in the Cochin action as "negligence." In these
circumstances, I am satisfied that there is identity between the causes of
action in the two sets of proceedings.

48 It did not matter that the plaintiff had highlighted different aspects of
the facts pleaded to make its legal case for damages in the two proceedings.
There was identity of cause of action because the factual basis relied on in
the two actions was the same.

49 The above cases clearly demonstrate that the requirement of an identity of
cause of action is satisfied as long as the plaintiff seeks to rely on the
_same matrix of facts_ which were the subject of previous proceedings. It does
not matter that legally speaking, the claims are characterised differently.
Parties cannot, normally, re-open proceedings over the _same set of facts_.

50 In my view, this understanding of cause of action estoppel accords with the
principles and policy reasons that underlie the doctrine of _res judicata_. As
noted by the Singapore Court of Appeal in _Lee Tat Development Pte Ltd v
Management Corporation Strata Title Plan No 301_ [2009] 1 SLR(R) 875 (“ _Lee
Tat (2008)_ ”) at [71], the public interest in finality of judicial decisions,
as well as the right of individuals to be protected from vexatious
multiplication of suits, are the twin principles or policy imperatives that
underlie the doctrine of _res judicata_. Should parties be allowed to
continuously re-litigate claims against the _same defendants_ on the _same
sets of facts_ by raising new legal bases for their entitlement to a remedy or
new legal arguments, the purposes of the doctrine of _res judicata_ could
easily be circumvented.

51 Of course, if parties can distinguish the _facts_ that their second claim
is based on (for example, that the tortious action or contractual breach
pleaded in the second action took place on a second occasion, even if it is of
substantially the same nature), they may not be barred by cause of action
estoppel because the requirement of identity of causes of action would not be
met: see _Halsbury’s Singapore on Evidence_ at [120.182] and the example of an
action based on an invalid demand under a guarantee and a second action based
on a fresh demand. Where however the earlier (foreign) action was founded in
delict (tort) and the second action is brought in contract, _res judicata_ can
still apply if the difference is one in form only. _Halsbury’s Singapore on
Evidence_ at [120.182] rightly states that the proper determination of the
cause of action inevitably requires the court to have regard to _the actual
transaction in issue_.

52 The final point I make in relation to cause of action estoppel is that the
court can consider all relevant material in determining the identity of cause
of action, and is not restricted to the pleadings: _Carl Zeiss Stiftung v
Rayner & Keeler Ltd (No.2)_ [1967] 1 AC 853 at 946, 965. As the House of Lords
held in _DPP v Humphrys_ [1977] 1 AC 1 at 41 (albeit in a criminal context),
“[t]he court will inquire into realities, and not mere technicalities.”

Issue estoppel

53 Issue estoppel precludes an issue of _fact or law_ which was necessarily
decided and concluded in favour of one party in earlier proceedings from being
reopened or submitted again for decision in subsequent proceedings between the
same parties, even if the causes of action in question are not the same:
_Halsbury’s Singapore on Evidence_ at [120.183]. I emphasise that the
determinations which will found an issue estoppel may be of law, fact, or
mixed fact and law: _Jones v Lewis_ [1919] 1 KB 328 at 344–345.

54 In _Lee Tat Development Pte Ltd v MCST Plan No 301_ [2005] 3 SLR(R) 157 (“
_Lee Tat (2005)_ ”), the Singapore Court of Appeal laid down the requirements
for establishing an issue estoppel:

(a) there must be a final and conclusive judgment on the merits;

(b) the judgment has to be by a court of competent jurisdiction;

(c) there must be identity between the parties to the two actions that are
being compared; and

(d) there must be an identity in the subject matter (_ie_ , the issues of fact
or law) in the two proceedings.

This statement of law in _Lee Tat (2005)_ was subsequently applied by
Singapore courts in _Goh Nellie_ at [26] and _Wing Joo Loong_ at [165].

55 In _Goh Nellie_ at [34]–[39], the High Court helpfully expounded on the
meaning of _identity of subject matter_ in the context of issue estoppel.
First, the court held that the issues must be identical in the sense that the
prior decision must traverse the same ground as the subsequent proceedings and
the facts and circumstances giving rise to the earlier decision must not have
changed or should be incapable of change (_Goh Nellie_ at [34]). Second, the
previous determination in question must have been fundamental and not merely
collateral to the previous decision so that the decision could not stand
without that determination (_Goh Nellie_ at [35]). Third, and finally, the
issue should be shown to have in fact been raised and argued. Issue estoppel
does not apply where there has been no actual investigation of the point.
However, where a litigant raises a point but concedes or fails to argue it,
issue estoppel may arise in respect of the point conceded or not argued (_Goh
Nellie_ at [38]–[39]). At this juncture, I note that in _Dynasty Line Ltd (in
liquidation) v Sia Sukamto and another_ [2013] 4 SLR 253 at [72]–[73], the
High Court held that the defendant was not estopped from arguing that there
was a collateral agreement between the parties because the previous court did
not decide whether there was a collateral agreement. The question of a
collateral agreement was not a live issue in the previous proceedings because
the claim was abandoned.

56 In _Wing Joo Loong_ at [167]–[170], the Singapore Court of Appeal affirmed
these three “discrete conceptual strands” enunciated in _Goh Nellie_ as being
an accurate explication of the identity of the subject matter requirement.

57 As to what material can be referred to in determining the issues that were
decided in the previous judgment, my discussion at [52] above on cause of
action estoppel equally applies to issue estoppel. Any material that shows
what issues were raised and decided may be considered by the court.

58 Finally, I note that whilst the bar created by a cause of action estoppel
is absolute, this is not the case for issue estoppel: _Arnold_ at 106–107,
109. In _Lee Tat (2008)_ at [78], the Singapore Court of Appeal confirmed that
the _Arnold_ exception created by the House of Lords applied in Singapore. The
_Arnold_ exception creates an exception to issue estoppel where the decision
relied on as the basis of issue estoppel contains a very egregious error: _Lee
Tat (2008)_ at [74]. However, the Court of Appeal cautioned at [78] that “it
will be rare for the _Arnold_ exception to be invoked successfully as it would
be difficult to establish that any judicial error by itself would qualify as
‘special circumstances’ which justify a departure from the doctrine of issue
estoppel”. On the facts of _Lee Tat (2008)_ , the Court of Appeal found that
there were special circumstances justifying a departure from the doctrine of
issue estoppel (outlined at [80] of _Lee Tat (2008)_). The Court of Appeal
emphasised that _grave injustice_ was caused to the appellant because it was
prevented from raising a fundamental issue concerning its rights: _Lee Tat
(2008)_ at [81]. The applicability of the _Arnold_ exception in Singapore was
also affirmed by the Court of Appeal in _Management Corporation Strata Title
Plan No 301 v Lee Tat Development Pte Ltd_ [2011] 1 SLR 998 (“ _Lee Tat
(2010)_ ”) at [65]–[67]. However, the court was again keen to emphasise that
the _Arnold_ exception is only a very narrow exception (_Lee Tat (2010)_ at
[65]).

The defence of abuse of process

59 The defence of abuse of process operates to bar some cases from proceeding
even if they clearly fall outside the traditional reach of cause of action and
issue estoppels: _Goh Nellie_ at [19]. It is a part of both English law
(_Henderson v Henderson_ (1843) 3 Hare 100 (“ _Henderson v Henderson_ ”),
_Johnson v Gore Wood & Co (a firm)_ [2002] 2 AC 1 (“ _Johnson v Gore_ ”)) and
Singapore law (see _Ching Mun Fong (executrix of the estate of Tan Geok Tee,
deceased) v Liu Cho Chit and another appeal_ [2000] 1 SLR(R) 53 (“ _Ching Mun
Fong_ ”), _Goh Nellie_).

60 In _Henderson v Henderson_ , the _locus classicus_ on the defence of abuse
of process, the court held (at 115):

… where a given matter becomes the subject of litigation in, and of
adjudication by, a court of competent jurisdiction, _the court requires the
parties to that litigation to bring forward their whole case, and will not
(except under special circumstances) permit the same parties to open the same
subject of litigation in respect of matter which might have been brought
forward as part of the subject in contest, but which was not brought forward,
only because they have, from negligence, inadvertence, or even accident,
omitted part of their case._ The plea of res judicata applies, except in
special cases, not only to points upon which the court was actually required
by the parties to form an opinion and pronounce a judgment, but to _every
point which properly belonged to the subject of litigation, and which the
parties, exercising reasonable diligence, might have brought forward at the
time_.

[emphasis added]

61 This explication of the defence of abuse of process was affirmed by the
Singapore Court of Appeal in _Ching Mun Fong_ at [22]. Crucially, the defence
of abuse of process allows the court to bar an action from proceeding _even if
the issues raised therein were never litigated or decided on before_ , but
ought to have been raised in previous litigation. The basis for the defence is
the public interest in protecting the court’s processes from abuse and
protecting defendants from oppression: _Ching Mun Fong_ at [23] and _Kwa Ban
Cheong_ at [26].

62 While there was a suggestion in the English Court of Appeal decision of
_Bradford & Bingley Society v Seddon_ [1999] 4 All ER 217 that some additional
element such as a collateral attack on a previous decision, dishonesty or
successive actions amounting to unjust harassment, besides mere re-litigation
must be proven in order to invoke the defence of abuse of process, the House
of Lords in _Johnson v Gore_ (at 31) subsequently took a different view:

… I would not accept that it is necessary, before abuse may be found, to
identify any additional element such as a collateral attack on a previous
decision or some dishonesty, but where those elements are present the later
proceedings will be much more obviously abusive, and there will rarely be a
finding of abuse unless the later proceeding involves what the court regards
as unjust harassment of a party. It is, however, wrong to hold that because a
matter could have been raised in earlier proceedings it should have been, so
as to render the raising of it in later proceedings necessarily abusive. That
is to adopt too dogmatic an approach to what should in my opinion be a broad,
merits-based judgment which takes account of the public and private interests
involved and also takes account of all the facts of the case, focusing
attention on the crucial question whether, in all the circumstances, a party
is misusing or abusing the process of the court by seeking to raise before it
the issue which could have been raised before. As one cannot comprehensively
list all possible forms of abuse, so one cannot formulate any hard and fast
rule to determine whether, on given facts, abuse is to be found or not… it is
in my view preferable to ask whether in all the circumstances a party's
conduct is an abuse than to ask whether the conduct is an abuse and then, if
it is, to ask whether the abuse is excused or justified by special
circumstances….

63 This broad, non-formalistic approach has been adopted by the Singapore
courts. In _Kwa Ban Cheong_ , the High Court helpfully explained (at [27]):

Given the nature of the rule, it would be unwise to try and define fully the
circumstances which can be regarded as an abuse of the process or to fix the
categories of abuse. Each case must depend upon all the relevant
circumstances. …

64 However, the High Court also cautioned that the “power is to be exercised
with caution before striking out or dismissing any proceedings on the ground
of abuse of process” because this is “a drastic step”: _Kwa Ban Cheong_ at
[29].

65 Thus, when considering if a defence of abuse of process is applicable, the
court must take into account all the relevant facts of the case, paying
especial attention to whether “additional elements” such as a collateral
attack on a previous decision, dishonesty, or successive actions amounting to
unjust harassment are present. The presence of these “additional elements” may
well be highly persuasive in the inquiry as to whether there is an abuse of
process, but they are not absolutely necessary before a court may find such
abuse. That said, it will not be often that the court finds an abuse of
process in the absence of those elements. Ultimately, the court is performing
a balancing exercise, weighing all the different competing interests to see
where the balance of justice lies: _Goh Nellie_ at [23].

_Res judicata_ in the present case

66 I now explain why I struck out the Plaintiff’s action in S 2/2013 on the
grounds of _res judicata_ as well as the defence of abuse of process.
Specifically, I found that cause of action estoppel and the defence of abuse
of process applied to independently justify striking out the present action
entirely.

Cause of action estoppel

67 It will be recalled that four elements must be present in order for a cause
of action estoppel to arise:

(a) identity of parties;

(b) identity of causes of action;

(c) the court pronouncing the earlier judgment must have been a competent
court; and

(d) the judgment must be final and conclusive on the merits.

68 In this case, elements (a), (c) and (d) were clearly satisfied. The parties
in MC 2619/2008, SUM 72/2013, and the present S 2/2013 are identical. The
judgments in MC 2619/2008 and SUM 72/2013 were clearly pronounced by a
competent court and were final and conclusive on the merits. The only issue
raised by the Plaintiff was that there is no identity of causes of action.

69 While the Plaintiff did not challenge the final and conclusive nature of
the judgments in MC 2619/2008 and SUM 72/2013, I pause to make a few comments
on this issue. Jeffrey Pinsler SC, _Principles of Civil Procedure_ (Academy
Publishing, 2013) at [09.013] states that the question whether a decision is
final is determined by a consideration of the intention of the judge which can
be gleaned from the orders made, the documents filed, notes of evidence, and
arguments. Indeed, the learned author comments at [09.016] that _res judicata_
can also arise in respect of a final decision on an interlocutory application.
In _Possfund Custodian Trustee Ltd v Diamond_ [1996] 1 WLR 1351 at 1356, the
court held that _res judicata_ applies even in an interlocutory application
where the substantive issue between the parties was decided.

70 _Halsbury’s Singapore on Evidence_ at [120.183] emphasises that _res
judicata_ only operates if the previous judgment is a final judgment and not a
provisional judgment, and states that a decision on a procedural issue may
lack the finality to bind the court deciding substantive issues. Much must
depend on what was actually decided.

71 The point that the distinction between final and interlocutory decisions is
not relevant to the doctrine of finality in respect of _res judicata_ was made
clearly in _Goh Nellie_ at [28]. Finality in this context simply means a
declaration or determination of a party’s liability and/or his rights and
obligations, leaving nothing else to be judicially determined. This is not a
case where the earlier action was decided on a procedural point such as
whether the writ was properly served. The action was struck out for revealing
no reasonable cause of action after full arguments on the pleadings and
documents. Whilst the statement of claim in MC 2619/2008 was brief and lacked
details, it will be recalled that the learned District Judge recognised that
the Plaintiff was a litigant in person and that she had been given adequate
time to engage counsel. The learned District Judge noted in his Notes of
Evidence for the hearing before him on 19 January 2012 (“NOE”) that the
Plaintiff was aware of the documents and was capable of understanding the
factual matrix of the case.[note: 9] The court would therefore proceed to
decide the hearing on the merits. It bears repeating that the court expressly
stated that the appeal was by way of a rehearing and that the Plaintiff could
submit whatever she wished. It is clear that the Plaintiff indeed did traverse
the grounds of her complaint including allegations of cheating,[note: 10] her
claim that she signed a blank page,[note: 11] alleged replacement of documents
by the Defendants,[note: 12] the problem with the land,[note: 13] and the
Defendants sending documents to the wrong address.[note: 14] In any case, I
repeat that the Plaintiff has only raised the issue of identity of causes of
action. I therefore now proceed to consider that issue.

72 In my view, the cause of action pursued by the Plaintiff in S 2/2013 is
identical to the cause of action pursued by her in MC 2619/2008. The Plaintiff
pursues a remedy against the Defendants in S 2/2013 on the basis of the exact
same facts she relied on in MC 2619/2008. As discussed earlier, in determining
whether there is an identity of causes of action, the court may consider all
relevant material that shows what the cause of action pursued in previous
proceedings was. In particular, the court will consider the _material facts_
relied on, rather than the specific _legal claims or arguments_ raised.

73 The fact that the Plaintiff was not told about the road reserve lines, and
the fact that important documents relating to the Property and its legal
completion never reached her, were all raised in her pleadings and/or oral
arguments before the then Subordinate Court in MC 2619/2008. This suggests
that her right to a remedy on the basis of those facts (_ie_ , her cause of
action in S 2/2013) was already litigated and decided in MC 2619/2008. Cause
of action estoppel therefore operates to bar S 2/2013.

74 The Plaintiff claims that she never specifically pleaded misrepresentation
or breach of contract in MC 2619/2008. She also argues that her full legal
case for misrepresentation and breach of contract was not fully presented and
argued on her behalf as she was a litigant in person. This might very well be
true – as I noted previously, the pleadings filed on the Plaintiff’s behalf
for MC 2619/2008 were bare; the legal arguments presented in her submissions
were not fully developed either. However, in my view, this is no answer to a
cause of action estoppel that operates absolutely to bar S 2/2013. Cause of
action estoppel is concerned with whether the _material facts_ upon which a
relief is claimed has been considered and adjudicated upon by a previous
court. The fact that the case was not well argued in respect of the law and
legal rights does not preclude cause of action estoppel from arising.
Moreover, I place little weight on the fact that the Plaintiff’s statement of
claim for MC 2619/2008 did not contain the legal terms “misrepresentation” or
“breach of contract”. After all, pleadings need only contain material facts;
the legal bases for a remedy may be developed later in submissions. While the
facts to do with breach of contract were not clearly pleaded in MC 2619/2008,
having assessed the relevant materials as a whole, in particular, the NOE
before District Judge Leslie Chew, I was of the view that the judge took into
account the Plaintiff’s possible right to relief on the facts relating to the
Defendants’ failure to send her important documents _etc_ in coming to his
decision to nevertheless strike out the Plaintiff’s claim.

75 I therefore found that allowing S 2/2013 to proceed would be to allow a re-
litigation of the same cause of action litigated and decided upon in MC
2619/2008. Bearing in mind the fact that the plaintiff was a litigant in
person before the learned District Judge in the appeal in MC 2619/2008, the
pleadings in that suit, the documents (including the un-dated document above
at [26]), the NOE, the latitude given to the Plaintiff to advance her claim,
and the decision reached, I am of the view that cause of action estoppel
applied. That said, even if I am wrong on cause of action estoppel, I find in
any event that the defence of abuse of process applies (see below).

76 In this regard, I make clear that I do not find the decision in SUM 72/2013
to have been a decision on the _merits_ of the cause of action raised in S
2/2013. However, Tay J’s decision in SUM 72/2013 that the matters raised by
the Plaintiff therein (basically, misrepresentation and breach of contract)
were _res judicata_ , as well as the Court of Appeal’s affirmation of it,
supports my view that S 2/2013 is barred by cause of action estoppel. Indeed,
it arguably renders the question of whether S 2/2013 is _res judicata_ a
question that is itself _res judicata_ as on one view, this was already
decided in SUM 72/2013. Nevertheless, I do not need to come to a firm
conclusion on whether that is the case given my conclusion that the judgment
in MC 2619/2008 on its own justifies striking out S 2/2013 on the ground of
cause of action estoppel.

Issue estoppel

77 Given my decision on cause of action estoppel, there is no need for me to
consider issue estoppel. However, I make a few brief comments on issue
estoppel.

78 Similarly, in the context of issue estoppel, the only question that arose
was if the legal and factual issues raised in the present case were already
litigated and decided by the courts in MC 2619/2008 and SUM 72/2013. In this
regard, I was of the view that the brief recorded judgment given by the
District Court and the lack of clarity (or detail) in the parties’ submissions
before the District Court made it difficult to ascertain what issues were
exactly litigated and decided upon. While new issues of law may very well have
been raised by the Plaintiff’s present counsel in S 2/2013, I was of the view
that at the very least, the factual issues raised in S 2/2013 were already
traversed and decided in MC 2619/2008 (even if the Plaintiff argues this was
not done satisfactorily as she was not able to argue her case fully at that
juncture).

79 Nevertheless, given the lack of clarity as to the exact issues that were
litigated and decided upon, I came to no firm conclusion on issue estoppel.

The defence of abuse of process

80 Even if cause of action and issue estoppel did not apply in the present
case because the specific legal bases for relief raised in S 2/2013, namely
misrepresentation and breach of contract, were never fully developed and
legally argued, I was of the view that the defence of abuse of process
nevertheless applied.

81 It is undoubtedly the case that the Plaintiff ought to have brought forward
her whole case in MC 2619/2008. Any party exercising reasonable diligence
would have put forward the specific legal arguments the Plaintiff seeks to
make in S 2/2013. To allow S 2/2013 to proceed would be to permit the
Plaintiff to re-open the same subject matter of litigation against the same
defendants.

82 I acknowledge that the Plaintiff’s case may not have been argued at its
highest before the District Court because the Plaintiff was acting in person.
It might even be the case that if the Plaintiff were properly advised and
represented, the outcome might have been different (at least at the striking
out stage). However, I must weigh that against the unjust vexation and
harassment the Defendants have suffered because of the Plaintiff since 2008,
when the latter first filed MC 2619/2008. Since then, the Defendants have had
to grapple with a long series of litigation surrounding the same allegations
from the Plaintiff. This has gone on for seven years now. Moreover, S 2/2013
is not just a _collateral_ attack, but a _direct_ attack against the decision
in MC 2619/2008. The Plaintiff has sued the Defendants over the failed
property transaction that took place in early 2007 once, and she seeks to do
so a second time in S 2/2013 on the exact same facts that she relied on
previously. In my view, she ought not be allowed to abuse the court’s
processes and have a second shot at a remedy after failing in MC 2619/2008.
The balance of justice lay in favour of striking out the Plaintiff’s claims on
the ground of abuse of process.

Conclusion

83 While I came to this decision with some reluctance, I emphasise that
litigants ought to bear in mind that the failure to properly and fully argue
one’s case in the first round of litigation cannot ordinarily be a reason to
subject the other party to a second round of litigation. A litigant in person
who does not opt for legal representation (or who is dissatisfied with the
legal representation) should not be given special allowance to have a second
bite of the cherry on this basis alone. Indeed, as discussed earlier, the
doctrine of _res judicata_ guards against re-litigation on the _mere_ ground
that the case is going to be argued “differently” from a _legal point of view_
the second time round.

84 I therefore dismissed the Plaintiff’s appeal entirely. And, in light of the
Plaintiff’s repeated vexatious litigation which has unduly and unfairly
imposed on the Defendants’ substantial expense and stress, I ordered the
Plaintiff to pay the Defendants the costs of the appeal on an indemnity basis,
to be agreed or taxed.

* * *

[note: 1]Respondent’s BOD, Tab 9; Respondent’s BOD Tab 10, Noted of Evidence
dated 19 Jan 2012, p19.

[note: 2]Respondent’s BOD Tab 10, Noted of Evidence dated 19 Jan 2012, p 20.

[note: 3]Respondent’s BOD Tab 10, Notes of Evidence dated 19 Jan 2012, p37.

[note: 4]Respondent’s BOD Tab 10, Notes of Evidence dated 19 Jan 2012, p20-21,
41-42.

[note: 5]Respondent’s BOD Tab 10, Notes of Evidence dated 19 Jan 2012, p34,
40.

[note: 6]Respondent’s BOD Tab 10, Notes of Evidence dated 19 Jan 2012, p23-25.

[note: 7]Respondent’s BOD Tab 10, Notes of Evidence dated 19 Jan 2012, p43.

[note: 8]Plaintiff’s skeletal submissions for SUM 270/2015 at [30].

[note: 9]Respondent’s BOD Tab 10, Notes of Evidence dated 19 Jan 2012, p18.

[note: 10]Respondent’s BOD Tab 10, Notes of Evidence dated 19 Jan 2012, p37.

[note: 11]Respondent’s BOD Tab 10, Notes of Evidence dated 19 Jan 2012, p36.

[note: 12]Respondent’s BOD Tab 10, Notes of Evidence dated 19 Jan 2012, p38.

[note: 13]Respondent’s BOD Tab 10, Notes of Evidence dated 19 Jan 2012, p40.

[note: 14]Respondent’s BOD Tab 10, Notes of Evidence dated 19 Jan 2012, p42.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 09 Jul 2015 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

