Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  MF Global Singapore Pte Ltd (in creditors’ voluntary liquidation) and
others _v_ Vintage Bullion DMCC (in its own capacity and as representative of
the customers of the first plaintiff) and another matter  
[2015] SGHC 162

Case Number| :| Originating Summons No 289 and 578 of 2013  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 25 June 2015  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Hoo Sheau Peng JC  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Andre Yeap SC, Danny Ong, Sheila Ng, Ong Kar Wei (Rajah &
Tann Singapore LLP) for the plaintiffs in OS 289 and the defendant in OS 578;
Thio Shen Yi SC, Kelvin Koh (TSMP Law Corporation), Manoj Pillay Sandrasegara,
Joy Tan, Lionel Leo, Muhammad Nizam, Stephanie Yeo (WongPartnership LLP) for
the defendant in OS 289 and the plaintiff in OS 578.  
Parties| :|  MF Global Singapore Pte Limited (In Creditors' Voluntary
Liquidation) — Chay Fook Yuen (In his capacity as joint and several liquidator
of MF Global Singapore Pte Limited (In Creditors' Voluntary Liquidation) — Bob
Yap Cheng Ghee (In his capacity as joint and several liquidator of MF Global
Singapore Pte Limited (In Creditors' Voluntary Liquidation) — Tan Puay Cheng
(In his capacity as joint and several liquidator of MF Global Singapore Pte
Limited (In Creditors' Voluntary Liquidation) — Vintage Bullion DMCC (In its
own capacity, and for and on behalf of and as representative of all customers
of MF Global Singapore Pte Limited (In Creditors' Voluntary Liquidation) who
have LFX Claims for Profit (as defined in the Originating Summons filed
herein) and/or Bullion Claims for Profit (as defined in the Originating
Summons filed herein)  
  
[LawNet Editorial Note: The appeals to this decision in Civil Appeals Nos 142
and 143 of 2015 were allowed in part while the appeals in Civil Appeals Nos
216 and 217 of 2015 were allowed by the Court of Appeal on 2 August 2016. See
[2016] SGCA 49.]

25 June 2015| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Hoo Sheau Peng JC:

Introduction

1 The two applications before me are brought under s 310 of the Companies Act
(Cap 50, 2006 Rev Ed) (“Companies Act”) for the court to determine questions
arising out of the winding up of MF Global Singapore Pte Ltd (“MFGS”).
Originating Summons No 289 of 2013 (“OS 289”) was commenced by MFGS and the
joint and several liquidators, Mr Chay Fook Yuen, Mr Bob Yap Cheng Ghee (“Mr
Yap”) and Mr Tay Puay Cheng (collectively, “the Liquidators”), against Vintage
Bullion DMCC (“Vintage”) in its own capacity and as representative of 57 other
customers of MFGS (collectively, “the LFX and Bullion customers”). As Vintage
disagreed with the Liquidators’ framing of the issues in OS 289, Vintage
lodged Originating Summons No 578 of 2013 (“OS 578”) in its own capacity
against MFGS.

2 Essentially, the central issues in both OS 289 and OS 578 are the same, and
concern the treatment of certain forms of profits made by the LFX and Bullion
customers under leveraged foreign exchange (“LFX transactions”) and leveraged
commodity transactions (“Bullion transactions”) conducted by MFGS. In relation
to these forms of profits, Vintage asserts proprietary claims, while MFGS
argues that Vintage only has unsecured claims. In the latter scenario, the LFX
and Bullion customers would stand as unsecured creditors, and would have to
prove these unsecured debts in MFGS’ winding up. Parties thus agreed for both
applications to be heard at the same time.

3 While Vintage was appointed, pursuant to an order of court dated 16 July
2013 in OS 289, to represent the LFX and Bullion customers who have claims for
these forms of profits arising out of LFX and Bullion transactions, the order
provided that Vintage was “not required to keep any [of the other customers]
informed of these proceedings or to advance an argument or to take any
instructions from any of them”. For the avoidance of doubt, any decision made
in respect of Vintage in this judgment will apply equally to the LFX and
Bullion customers who have equivalent claims against MFGS.

Facts

MFGS and its model of business

4 I now set out the facts (with key terms highlighted in bold italics). MFGS
was, at all material times, a member and clearing member of the Singapore
Exchange Securities Trading Limited, the Singapore Exchange Derivatives
Trading Limited, and the Singapore Exchange Derivatives Clearing Limited. MFGS
was also a holder of a Capital Markets Services licence (“CMS licence”),
issued by the Monetary Authority of Singapore (“MAS”), authorised to carry out
the following regulated activities under the Securities and Futures Act (Cap
289, 2006 Rev Ed) (“SFA”):

(a) dealing in securities;

(b) trading in futures contracts;

(c) leveraged foreign exchange trading;

(d) securities financing; and

(e) providing custodial services for securities.

5 In the ordinary course of business, MFGS offered a range of over-the-counter
LFX and Bullion products which included:

(a) cash-settled over-the-counter LFX spot contracts;

(b) cash-settled over-the-counter LFX forward contracts;

(c) cash-settled over-the-counter LFX non-deliverable forward contracts;

(d) over-the-counter LFX option contracts; and

(e) cash-settled over-the-counter Bullion spot contracts.

6 The above over-the-counter products were not traded on any exchange, and
involved transactions where the investor would buy or sell currencies or
commodities in a bid to profit from fluctuations in exchange rates between two
different currencies, or fluctuations in the prices of commodities without
physical delivery of the currencies or commodities involved.

7 For the purpose of facilitating trades in LFX or Bullion transactions,
customers were required to open and maintain accounts with MFGS. The
relationships between the LFX and Bullion customers and MFGS and the trades
were governed by the terms and conditions set out in the account opening form
and the Master Trading Agreement (“MTA”), which also enclosed a risk
disclosure statement (“the Risk Disclosure Statement”).

8 Once the accounts were opened, customers would typically place with MFGS
funds necessary to enable trades to be executed and to maintain open positions
on the trades by way of “margin”. The bulk of MFGS’ customers traded on margin
(_ie_ , trading by placing a certain percentage of the value of the position
concerned with MFGS). The margin required varied depending on the requirements
for trading in the product concerned.

9 MFGS operated a 24-hour dealing and service desk for customers who traded in
LFX and Bullion products. Customers could either trade directly with MFGS by
calling MFGS’ desk dealers or by utilising an online platform. An order could
be placed with MFGS via either platform so long as a customer had sufficient
margin to enter into the transaction. If the customer did not meet MFGS’
margin requirements, MFGS would require the customer to satisfy the margin
requirements before entering into an LFX or Bullion transaction.

10 In respect of the LFX and Bullion transactions, MFGS did not act as its
customers’ agent. Instead, a customer concluded an LFX or Bullion transaction
directly with MFGS which acted as principal on its own behalf. In other words,
MFGS was the direct counterparty to any LFX or Bullion transaction which a
customer entered into.

11 To hedge its own exposure, MFGS engaged in hedge transactions with hedge
counterparties, being the Union Bank of Switzerland (“UBS”) in respect of the
LFX transactions, and Deutsche Bank (“DB”) in respect of the Bullion
transactions. MFGS funded these transactions with its own funds.

12 The margins placed by customers were deposited into MFGS’ bank accounts
which MFGS classified as “** _Customer Segregated Accounts_** ”. The funds
placed in these accounts were segregated from MFGS’ own funds, although MFGS
maintained some of its own funds in these accounts. According to the
Liquidators, the LFX and Bullion customers’ margins were not onward-placed
with any other party, or otherwise utilised by MFGS for the purposes of MFGS’
hedge transactions. Although MFGS maintained a number of Customer Segregated
Accounts, MFGS did not open a separate bank account for each customer. MFGS,
however, accounted distinctly for each customer’s funds in the Customer
Segregated Accounts.

The LFX and Bullion transactions, the “Daily FX Activity Statements” and the
“Seg Fund Statements”

13 MFGS employed a back-office operations system to record the daily LFX and
Bullion trade activity for each customer. Daily statements of the accounts of
the customers (“** _Daily FX Activity Statements_** ”) were also produced by
the system. As a day-to-day chronicle of the relationship between MFGS and a
particular customer, the relevant Daily FX Activity Statements are crucial
pieces of documentary evidence presented by the parties.

14 Basically, a Daily FX Activity Statement contained, _inter alia_ , the
following sections: (i) the “Trade Confirmation” section; (ii) the “Forward
Liquidation” section; (iii) the “Open Positions” section; and (iv) the
“Financial Statement” section. In the ordinary course of business, an LFX or
Bullion transaction between MFGS and its customer would occur as described
below, and would be recorded in the Daily FX Activity Statements as follows:

(a) The customer would initiate a position by entering into an initial trade.
MFGS would issue a trade confirmation under the “Trade Confirmation” section
to its customer in the Daily FX Activity Statement for that particular day.

(b) The transaction was thereafter treated as continuing to remain open until
a final trade was entered into. In such a case, the customer would be said to
have an “open position”. These open positions would be reflected under the
“Open Positions” section of the Daily FX Activity Statement.

(c) While a position remained open, the “paper” (_ie_ , notional) value of the
open position would be determined with reference to the market price of either
the underlying currency or reference bullion (“the daily settlement prices”)
in respect of the LFX and Bullion transactions respectively (_ie_ , the
transactions were marked to the market). If the movement of the underlying
currency or reference bullion favoured the customer, the customer would have
unrealised profits. However, if it did not, the customer would incur
unrealised losses. The “** _Unrealised Profits_** ” or “Unrealised Losses”
would be reflected in the “Financial Statement” section of the Daily FX
Activity Statement.

(d) If a customer was not able to meet MFGS’ margin requirements, MFGS was
entitled, by cl E4 of the MTA, to issue a “margin call”, _ie_ , to require a
customer to deposit with MFGS additional margins in order for the position to
be maintained. I will discuss the way MFGS calculated a customer’s margin
requirements at item (j) below.

(e) While the position remained open, the cost of keeping the position open
was debited from or credited to the customer based on the total value of the
contract. In respect of the LFX transactions, this cost was known as “forex
swap”, and in respect of the Bullion transactions, this was termed “spot
interest”.

(f) When a final trade was entered into, this was known as “closing” the
position. When the position was closed, MFGS would issue a trade confirmation
under the “Trade Confirmation” section. The trade confirmation would state the
price of the trade, as well as a “** _Value Date_** ”, which is defined in the
MTA as “the date on which the respective obligations of the parties to a
foreign exchange or [over-the-counter] transaction are to be performed”.
Generally, though not always, the Value Date would be two days after closing a
position. The closure of the position at a profit to the customer also gave
rise to a sum which would be reflected in the “Financial Statement” section as
“** _Forward Value_** ”. The specific transactions which had been closed out
would also be reflected under the “Forward Liquidation” section.

(g) On the Value Date, the sum previously reflected under Forward Value (with
that particular Value Date) would be credited to a customer’s running account
with MFGS as “Liquidation Profit” and be added to the sum reflected under “**
_Ledger Balance C/F_** ” (where C/F stands for “carried forward”) under the
“Financial Statement” section of that day’s Daily FX Activity Statement. In
other words, Forward Value with a Value Date “Z” would be shown to have been
credited to the Ledger Balance C/F in the Daily FX Activity Statement dated
“Z”.

(h) The aggregate sum of the Unrealised Profits, Forward Value and Ledger
Balance C/F would be reflected in the “Financial Statement” section as “**
_Total Account Equity_** ”.

(i) When customers wished to withdraw their realised profits represented under
the Ledger Balance C/F, MFGS would then effect physical payment to the
customers from the Customer Segregated Accounts.

(j) A separate portion of the “Financial Statement” section deals with a
customer’s margin requirements. This portion sets out the “Initial Margin
Requirement” and “Margin Excess/Deficiency”. The Initial Margin Requirement
represents the funds or value initially required to maintain an open position.
The Margin Excess/Deficiency represents the difference between a customer’s
Total Account Equity and the Initial Margin Requirement as reflected in the
same statement. MFGS would only issue a margin call to its customer when a
Margin Deficiency is incurred.

15 At all material times, MFGS ensured that there were sufficient moneys
parked in the Customer Segregated Accounts to cover the Total Account Equity
of all the LFX and Bullion customers, which _inter alia_ , included the three
forms of profits: Unrealised Profits, Forward Value and Ledger Balance C/F.
The primary dispute between the Liquidators and Vintage is whether the sums
representing the Unrealised Profits and Forward Value in the Customer
Segregated Accounts belong beneficially to (and therefore are the property of)
the LFX and Bullion customers, or whether they are instead MFGS’ own moneys,
available for distribution to MFGS’ unsecured creditors, including the LFX and
Bullion customers, on a _pari passu_ basis, in MFGS’ winding up.

16 During the ordinary course of business, MFGS also submitted a statement of
assets and liabilities in the prescribed form under reg 27(1)(_a_), (3)(_a_),
(9)(_b_) and (9)(_e_) of the Securities and Futures (Financial and Margin
Requirements for Holders of Capital Markets Services Licences) Regulations
(Cap 289, Rg 13, 2004 Rev Ed) (“SF(FM)R”) on a quarterly basis to MAS. This
form included a document with the heading “Segregation Requirements and
Location of Segregated Funds” (“** _the Seg Fund Statement_** ”). MFGS updated
the Seg Fund Statement daily. The Seg Fund Statement is another key piece of
documentary evidence referred to by the parties, and I shall describe this in
more detail in due course.

Vintage’s relationship with MFGS

17 On 21 August 2006, Vintage opened an account with MFGS, and engaged in,
_inter alia_ , LFX and Bullion transactions through this account. Prior to 1
November 2011, being the date MFGS entered into provisional liquidation,
Vintage closed out all its open positions in its LFX and Bullion transactions.
In particular, Vintage liquidated 121 lots of silver on 28 October 2011, and a
further 241 lots of silver on 31 October 2011. The Value Date for these
transactions was 1 November 2011. Vintage also closed out all its LFX
transactions on 20 October 2011, and the Forward Value from those transactions
had Value Dates of 14 November 2011 and 20 August 2012.

18 In Vintage’s Daily FX Activity Statement dated 31 October 2011, the numbers
(in USD) were reflected under the “Financial Statement” section as follows:

LEDGER BALANCE C/F |  : |  4,711,459.18  
---|---|---  
TOTAL UNREALISED P/L |  : |  0.00  
FORWARD VALUE |  : |  6,835,995.31  
…. |  |   
TOTAL ACCOUNT EQUITY |  : |  11,547,454.49  
  
  

19 In Vintage’s Daily FX Activity Statement dated 1 November 2011, the numbers
(again in USD) were reflected as follows:

LEDGER BALANCE C/F |  : |  10,793,862.06  
---|---|---  
TOTAL UNREALISED P/L |  : |  0.00  
FORWARD VALUE |  : |  744,950.78  
…. |  |   
TOTAL ACCOUNT EQUITY |  : |  11,538,812.84  
  
  

The winding up of MFGS and Originating Summons No 22 of 2012

20 On 31 October 2011, MFGS’ ultimate parent company, MF Global Holdings Ltd,
filed a voluntary petition for relief under Chapter 11 of the United States
Bankruptcy Code in the United States Bankruptcy Court for the Southern
District of New York. Globally, many affiliates of MF Global Holdings Ltd also
declared bankruptcy or were placed into administration or liquidation on or
around the same date.

21 In view of the financial condition of MF Global Holdings Ltd at the
material time, MAS directed MFGS on 31 October 2011 to, _inter alia_ :

… cease, with immediate effect, from entering into new transactions, except
for reduction and/or liquidation of positions, in respect of its carrying on
business in –

(i) dealing in securities (including contracts-for-differences);

(ii) dealing in other forms of contracts-for-differences; and

(iii) providing custodial services for securities (including contracts-for-
differences) …

22 On 1 November 2011, the directors of MFGS passed a resolution to appoint
the Liquidators as provisional liquidators of MFGS and MFGS entered into
provisional liquidation.

23 On 10 January 2012, the Liquidators (who were then still provisional
liquidators) applied to court by way of Originating Summons No 22 of 2012 (“OS
22”) for an order that they be authorised to distribute on an interim basis up
to US$350m to customers identified by the Liquidators as having proprietary
interests in certain funds which had then been collected by the Liquidators.
The application was granted on 8 February 2012 on the following terms:

1 The Provisional Liquidators are authorised to transfer and/or distribute, on
an interim and provisional basis, from the segregated and proprietary funds of
customers as may be accountable by MFGS to its customers, whether presently or
in the future, in the control of the Provisional Liquidators (the “**Available
Customers’ Funds** ”), an amount of up to US$350 million … to those customers
identified by the Provisional Liquidators as MFGS’ customers with proprietary
interests in the Available Customers’ Funds on the basis of … key general
principles … :

1.1.1 whether customers have any proprietary and legal right to customers’
segregated and proprietary funds maintained, controlled or recovered by the
Provisional Liquidators, and which are comprised in the Available Customers’
Funds, as determined by the Provisional Liquidators. Customers whose
proprietary funds attributable to them have otherwise yet to be returned by
MFGS’ counter-parties, correspondent brokers, clearing members and/or clearing
houses, where applicable, would not receive any distribution as such
unreturned funds would not be comprised in the Available Customers’ Funds;

…

1.1.3 any realised and/or estimated unrealised profits in respect of
whatsoever products that a Relevant Customer traded which have yet to be
received by the Provisional Liquidators and hence, not comprised in the
Available Customers’ Funds, would not be taken into account in assessing that
Relevant Customer’s net provisional entitlement to the Available Customers’
Funds… [emphasis in original]

24 It should also be highlighted, for completeness, that the sole shareholder
of MFGS, MF Global Overseas Ltd, passed a special resolution on 28 May 2012
for the voluntary winding up of MFGS and appointed the Liquidators as joint
and several liquidators of MFGS. A creditors’ meeting was also held on that
day where the creditors resolved, amongst other matters, to confirm the
appointment of the Liquidators.

The present applications

25 On 23 April 2012, Vintage received payment of the sum of US$5,137,229.93 as
part of the interim distribution made by the Liquidators. This sum included
amounts attributable to the LFX and Bullion transactions, as well as amounts
from other futures and options transactions. Vintage was of the view that it
had been underpaid. It transpired that parties took a different view of how
the Unrealised Profits and Forward Value arising from the LFX and Bullion
transactions should be treated as a matter of law. OS 289 and OS 578 were thus
taken out by the Liquidators and Vintage respectively in order to determine
this and other issues. The Unrealised Profits and Forward Value in dispute
amount to about US$13.4m for all the LFX and Bullion customers. It should be
noted that Vintage is claiming its Forward Value _only_ , a substantial
portion of which is attributable to its Bullion transactions. As of 31 October
2011, Vintage did not have any Unrealised Profits.

Summary of the parties’ cases

The Liquidators’ case

26 According to counsel for the Liquidators, Mr Andre Yeap SC (“Mr Yeap”),
given that MFGS acted as principal to the LFX and Bullion customers, the
Unrealised Profits constituted only mere uncrystallised contingent debt
obligations that were not yet due and payable, and the Forward Value
constituted a debt payable only on the future Value Date. Hence, the LFX and
Bullion customers only had choses in action against MFGS in respect of the
Unrealised Profits and Forward Value. A chose in action could not be converted
into trust property which MFGS holds as a “trustee” for a customer.
Furthermore, even if it could be said that a “trust” over a chose was
possible, it would not have been a trust over actual physical moneys,
particularly since such moneys had not been paid, and were in fact not yet due
and payable.

27 As stated above, MFGS maintained sums equivalent to the aggregate of the
LFX and Bullion customers’ Unrealised Profits, Forward Value and Ledger
Balance C/F in the Customer Segregated Accounts. However, according to the
Liquidators, only the Ledger Balance C/F is held on trust for its customers,
while the Unrealised Profits and Forward Value formed MFGS’ “** _residual
financial interest_** ” in the Customer Segregated Accounts. On the Value Date
of a particular transaction, the Forward Value would be paid by MFGS into a
customer’s Ledger Balance C/F from this “residual financial interest”. It was
only after this payment on the Value Date that MFGS would hold the amount on
trust for the customer. Indeed, the interim distribution under OS 22 was made
on this basis.

28 Specifically, the Liquidators take the view that the statutory trust under
the relevant legislation does not capture the Unrealised Profits and Forward
Value of the LFX transactions. As for the Bullion transactions, the
Liquidators argue that the specific provisions under the relevant legislation
apply only when a commodity broker acts as agent for and on behalf of a
customer. As MFGS did not act as agent for the Bullion customers, MFGS was not
required to segregate any moneys, or hold any moneys on trust. However, the
Liquidators’ position is that MFGS voluntarily held a customer’s Ledger
Balance C/F attributable to Bullion transactions on trust.

29 The Liquidators also submit that no express trust was created over the
Unrealised Profits and Forward Value. MFGS did not behave in a manner that
evinced a clear intention to hold the Unrealised Profits or Forward Value on
express trust for the LFX and Bullion customers.

30 Against Vintage’s argument that the LFX and Bullion customers’ proprietary
entitlement to the Ledger Balance C/F should be determined on the basis of the
Daily FX Activity Statement dated 1 November 2011, the Liquidators submit that
due to the appointment of provisional liquidators on 1 November 2011, MFGS did
not and could not pay the Forward Value into MFGS’ Customer Segregated
Accounts after the close of business on 31 October 2011. As payments in the
ordinary course of MFGS’ business was made at the close of business on a
particular Value Date, the last payment MFGS made (and could have made) to the
account and credit of customers prior to the appointment of provisional
liquidators was at MFGS’ close of business on 31 October 2011, which was
5.00pm New York Time on 31 October 2011 (_ie_ , 5.00am Singapore time on 1
November 2011) before MFGS went into provisional liquidation. Thus, the extent
of a customer’s proprietary entitlement should be limited to the Ledger
Balance C/F reflected in the 31 October 2011 Daily FX Activity Statement.

Vintage’s case

31 Vintage’s primary case is that a statutory trust arose over the Unrealised
Profits and Forward Value as a result of the relevant legislation applicable
to the LFX and Bullion transactions respectively.

32 Alternatively, even if MFGS was not obliged by the relevant legislation to
hold the Unrealised Profits and Forward Value on trust for Vintage and the
other LFX and Bullion customers, _in actual fact_ , MFGS segregated moneys
covering the value of the Unrealised Profits and Forward Value, and held these
moneys on trust. Accordingly, a trust by conduct arose.

33 Further, Vintage’s argument is that even if MFGS was only required to hold
the Ledger Balance C/F on trust for the LFX and Bullion customers, then these
customers have a proprietary interest in the Ledger Balance C/F as reflected
in the Daily FX Activity Statement dated 1 November 2011, and not of that
dated 31 October 2011. Effectively, this means a difference of about US$6m in
Vintage’s favour. Vintage’s last argument is that the LFX and Bullion
customers are entitled to amounts reflected as Margin Excess in the Daily FX
Activity Statement.

34 On the last day of the hearing before me, Mr Thio Shen Yi SC (“Mr Thio”),
counsel for Vintage, also submitted that a number of Mr Yap’s affidavits, as
well as an LFX and Bullion Report prepared by the Liquidators for OS 298 and
OS 578 (“the LFX and Bullion Report”) contained matters that were inadmissible
for being in breach of O 41 r 5(1) of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2014
Rev Ed) (“Rules of Court”).

Issues

35 Given the positions of the parties, there are a number of substantive
issues to be considered. First, I discuss the nature of the Unrealised
Profits, Forward Value and Ledger Balance C/F under the contract between MFGS
and the LFX and Bullion customers (_sans_ the interposition of any statutory
trust or express declaration of trust) (“the Preliminary Issue”).

36 Next, I will consider whether, in respect of the Unrealised Profits and
Forward Value, the LFX and Bullion customers have proprietary claims by way of
either a statutory or express trust, or whether they must prove their
unsecured debts in the winding up of MFGS (“the Proprietary Claim issue”). To
determine the Proprietary Claim issue, the following sub-issues arise:

(a) Given the nature of the Unrealised Profits and Forward Value, whether MFGS
is capable of holding them on trust for the benefit of the LFX and Bullion
customers.

(b) If so, whether a statutory trust arises over the Unrealised Profits and
Forward Value (“the Statutory Trust issue”).

(i) In respect of the Bullion transactions, whether MFGS is obliged under the
Commodity Trading Act (Cap 48A, 2009 Rev Ed) (“CTA”) and Commodity Trading
Regulations 2001 (Cap 48A, S 578/2001) (“CTR”) to hold the Unrealised Profits
and Forward Value on statutory trust for the Bullion customers.

(ii) In respect of the LFX transactions, whether MFGS is obliged under the SFA
and Securities and Futures (Licensing and Conduct of Business) Regulations
(Cap 289, Rg 10, 2004 Rev Ed) (“SFR”) to hold the Unrealised Profits and
Forward Value on statutory trust for the LFX customers.

(c) If no statutory trust arises over the Unrealised Profits and Forward
Value, whether an express trust arises over the Unrealised Profits and/or
Forward Value as a result of MFGS’ conduct or the way MFGS held or treated
such moneys (“the Express Trust issue”).

37 If the Proprietary Claim issue is answered in the negative, and the LFX and
Bullion customers have no proprietary interest in funds representing the
Unrealised Profits and Forward Value, then the issue is whether they have a
proprietary interest in the Ledger Balance C/F as reflected in the Daily FX
Activity Statement dated 1 November 2011, or only in the Ledger Balance C/F
reflected in the Daily FX Activity Statement dated 31 October 2011 (“the Value
Date issue”).

38 Lastly, if the LFX and Bullion customers only have a proprietary interest
in the Ledger Balance C/F reflected in the 31 October 2011 Daily FX Activity
Statement, are they entitled to the amounts reflected as Margin Excess in that
statement (“the Margin Excess issue”)?

39 I should add that the Liquidators, in OS 289 and their submissions, raised
two issues which Vintage does not contest before me. These are (i) whether
MFGS acted as principal or as agent/broker vis-à-vis the LFX and Bullion
customers, and (ii) whether the LFX and Bullion customers have any proprietary
entitlement to profits from the hedge transactions which MFGS carried out with
UBS and DB. Vintage accepts that the LFX and Bullion transactions which it
entered into with MFGS were conducted on a principal-to-principal basis, and
that MFGS was not acting as Vintage’s agent. Vintage also does not assert any
proprietary entitlement to profits from the hedge transactions MFGS entered
into with UBS and DB in respect of the LFX and Bullion transactions
respectively. With that, I turn to the Preliminary Issue.

The Preliminary Issue: The nature of the Unrealised Profits, Forward Value and
Ledger Balance C/F under the contract between the parties

Parties’ submissions

40 In their written submissions, the Liquidators refer to the Unrealised
Profits and Forward Value as “mere uncrystallised contingent or future debt
obligations that were not yet due and payable as at the time of MFGS’ winding
up and consequential appointment of provisional liquidators to MFGS”. On its
part, Vintage has in the course of oral submissions characterised the
Unrealised Profits as “contingent debts” and the Forward Value as “future” or
“crystallised” debts owed by MFGS to the LFX and Bullion customers. In my
view, it would aid the analysis which follows to first clarify the meaning of
these terms and the appropriate legal characterisation of the Unrealised
Profits, Forward Value and Ledger Balance C/F under the contract between the
parties, without the interposition of the statutory framework under the CTA or
SFA, or any declaration of trust on MFGS’ part.

Analysis and findings

41 I first consider the meaning of “contingent debts”, a term which both the
Liquidators and Vintage have used in their submissions. In the context of the
winding up of a company, s 253(1)(_b_) of the Companies Act provides that a
“contingent or prospective creditor” may apply to court to wind up a company.
Similarly, s 327(1) of the Companies Act, which sets out what debts are
provable in the winding up of a company, provides that:

**327.** —(1) In every winding up (subject in the case of insolvent companies
to the application in accordance with the provisions of this Act of the law of
bankruptcy) _all debts payable on a contingency, and all claims against the
company, present or future, certain or contingent, ascertained or sounding
only in damages_ , shall be admissible to proof against the company, a just
estimate being made, so far as possible, of the value of such debts or claims
as are subject to any contingency or sound only in damages, or for some other
reason do not bear a certain value. [emphasis added]

With respect to an insolvent company, the rules relating to debts provable in
bankruptcy apply (see s 327(2) of the Companies Act). Under ss 87(1) and (3)
of the Bankruptcy Act (Cap 20, 2009 Rev Ed) (“Bankruptcy Act”), any liability
arising out of a contract to which a bankrupt (i) is subject at the date of
the bankruptcy order or (ii) may become subject before his discharge by reason
of any obligation incurred before the date of the bankruptcy order shall be
provable in bankruptcy. Section 2 of the Bankruptcy Act provides that
“liability” means a liability to pay money or money’s worth, irrespective of
whether such liability is present or future, certain or contingent or of an
amount that is fixed or liquidated or that is capable of being ascertained by
fixed rules or as a matter of opinion.

42 In _Kon Yin Tong and another v Leow Boon Cher and others_ [2011] SGHC 228,
Judith Prakash J set out the differences between contingent liability and
prospective liability as follows (at [40]):

A “contingent liability” would refer to a liability or other loss which arises
out of an existing legal obligation or state of affairs, but which is
dependent on the happening of an event that may or may not occur. “Prospective
liability” however, has been judicially defined as “a debt which will
certainly become due in the future, either on some date which has already been
determined or on some date determinable by reference to future events”. It
thus embraces both future debts, in the sense of liquidated sums due, and non-
liquidated claims.

43 Therefore, a contingent liability or debt is one that arises out of an
existing state of affairs, but is dependent on the happening of a future event
which may or may not transpire. On the other hand, a prospective liability may
also be understood as a debt payable in the future. In this light, the
parties’ respective obligations under the MTA in respect of the LFX and
Bullion transactions may be more properly characterised.

44 The MTA is silent on whether specific property should be held on trust for
the customer. Clause A15.1 of the MTA states:

**15\. TRUST ACCOUNT**

15.1 MFGS shall keep all funds and other assets held by MFGS on trust for the
Customer separate from the funds and assets of MFGS. The Customer’s funds and
assets shall be placed into a trust account, where they may be held commingled
with excess funds or assets of other Customers in accordance with Applicable
Laws.

As may be observed, cl A15.1 of the MTA sets out the contractual position in
relation to how trust funds and assets are to be treated. However, it does not
state what funds or assets are to be held on trust for the customer by MFGS.
In other words, there is no _contractual_ definition of what MFGS is obliged
to hold on trust for its customers.

45 In fact, in relation to a customer’s margins, cl A6.8 of the MTA provides
that MFGS “shall be entitled to deposit, pledge, re-pledge or lend any funds,
assets or property in any form given to MFGS by way of margin”. The clause
also provides that MFGS is not required to either account to the customer for
“any interest, income or benefit that may be derived from such margin” or
return to the customer “identical funds, property or assets … and may return
equivalent collateral or margin”. This is to be contrasted with the
requirements of the CTA and SFA as to the treatment of margins, which will be
discussed later.

46 In the ordinary course of MFGS’ business, unrealised profits or losses
arise when a customer has entered into an open position against MFGS. The
terms of the MTA applicable to the LFX and Bullion transactions provide that
there will be no physical settlement between MFGS and its customer unless
otherwise agreed upon. The relevant provision, cl C1.1 of the MTA, states
that:

The Customer acknowledges that unless otherwise agreed in writing with MFGS,
all Transactions shall be cash-settled, and the Customer shall not be entitled
to hold any open position until its maturity or settlement date with the
intention to effect physical settlement on its settlement or maturity date.
Unless otherwise liquidated pursuant to the Customer’s instructions, an open
position may be liquidated and cash-settled by MFGS in its sole discretion as
it deems fit to prevent the crystallising of any physical settlement
obligation with respect to any open position.

47 Hence, in the case of LFX and Bullion transactions, the contract between
the parties requires the close-out of open positions (whether voluntarily
pursuant to a customer’s instructions, or involuntarily). Until the close-out
of the transaction where a customer has entered into an opposite trade, no
sums are due and payable (and unless otherwise agreed, no physical settlement
is contemplated) either from MFGS to the customer (where the customer makes an
unrealised profit) or from the customer to MFGS (where the customer makes an
unrealised loss). During this period, the quantum of profit or loss fluctuates
on a daily basis as the transaction price for the position is marked to
market, and indeed, what may be an unrealised profit on one day, could turn
into an unrealised loss on another.

48 Thus, all that a customer has as against MFGS before he or she enters into
an opposite trade, thereby crystallising the profit or loss, is a _contingent_
debt obligation which would be represented by the sum of Unrealised Profits,
if at the time the customer is in a position of net gain as against MFGS. In
order for this contingent debt to crystallise into an actual liability that
MFGS owes to a customer, two events must happen, being (i) the close-out of
the transaction and (ii) the movement of the currencies or commodities prices
such that the customer is in a position to close-out at a net profit.

49 Upon close-out of the transaction, a customer’s profit or loss is then
quantified. However, under the terms of the MTA, MFGS’ obligation to pay the
quantified profit to the customer only arises on the transaction’s Value Date.
Under the MTA, the Value Date is defined as “the date on which the respective
obligations of the parties to a foreign exchange or [over-the-counter]
transaction are to be performed”. In my view, between the close-out of the
transaction and the Value Date, what the customer has (in circumstances where
the customer is in a position of profit as against MFGS) is a claim against
MFGS which has been quantified, but is not yet payable. In other words, this
is a prospective liability, and in the framework of s 327 of the Companies
Act, the Forward Value may be classified as certain future debt. Hence, while
MFGS’ obligation to pay has arisen, it need not be _performed_ until the Value
Date.

50 Finally, upon the Value Date arriving, the quantified profits are due and
payable to the customer. The quantified profits are no longer reflected as
Forward Value in the Daily FX Activity Statement of that particular Value
Date, but are reflected as standing to the client’s account under the Ledger
Balance C/F, and are available for withdrawal by the client subject to MFGS’
margin requirements. There is a dispute between the parties as to when on
Value Date MFGS performed or should perform this payment – which will be
discussed below at the Value Date issue – but this is not material here. In
such a situation, I would characterise the Ledger Balance C/F as a certain
present debt. A customer could require MFGS to effect immediate payment of the
sum representing the Ledger Balance C/F standing to his credit in his account
to him. In this regard, the legal position of a customer of MFGS with credit
amounts standing to the Ledger Balance C/F would not be unlike the person who
deposits money into a bank account.

51 Professor Alastair Hudson explains it as follows (Alastair Hudson, _Equity
and Trusts_ (Routledge, 8th Ed, 2015) (“ _Equity and Trusts_ ”) at p 1294):

A bank account is merely a chose in action: a contractual recognition by the
bank that the account-holder has deposited money with it and that the bank is
required to return that money to the customer in accordance with the terms of
their contract. It is not true to say that there is money _in_ a bank account.
Rather, the bank account is an acknowledgment of a claim in favour of the
account-holder with a given value attached to it. [emphasis in original]

52 I should clarify though, that an account a customer had with MFGS was not
entirely analogous to a bank account. The observations of Sir Andrew Park in
_Re Global Trader Europe Ltd (in liquidation)_ [2009] 2 BCLC 18 (“ _Re Global
Trader_ ”) are instructive. In _Re Global Trader_ , Sir Park was also
concerned with the legal analysis of transactions conducted by Global Trader
and its customers. Like MFGS, Global Trader was a brokerage firm. Global
Trader required its customers to open an account with the brokerage, and
maintain a sufficient margin sum. It did not act as agent for its customers
but was itself the counterparty to the contracts which were primarily
contracts for differences and spread bet transactions. In describing the
customer’s account with Global Trader, Sir Park stated (at 29–30):

[The client’s account with Global Trader] was not an account analogous to a
bank account. Rather it was the sort of running account which operates between
regular trading counterparties and which records by how much they are
respectively in credit or in debit with each other from time to time.

…

… When a position was closed a profit or loss arose to the client. If it was a
profit Global Trader credited the amount of it to the client’s running account
between himself and Global Trader. Unless the amount of the credit in the
client’s account was required by way of margin to support open positions under
other trading contracts between him and Global Trader, the client could draw
on his account and require the company to pay the balance of it (or part of
the balance) to himself …

…

… Alternatively he could leave it, or part of it, in place with a view to it
being instantly available as margin should he wish to open a new position
under a future trade.

Sir Park then concluded (at 59):

The basic relationship between Global Trader and a client was contractual. If
a client had a credit balance in his running account and had no open positions
he was entitled under the contract to call on Global Trader to pay him the
balance. The balance was a debt, and … the client was entitled to have it
repaid. It was just the same as a case where a customer of a bank whose
account is in credit can call on the bank to pay him money up to the amount of
the balance.

53 For present purposes, the above analysis is helpful in showing that
although the customer’s account with the brokerage is not directly equivalent
to a bank account, a customer’s Ledger Balance C/F is MFGS’ acknowledgement of
sums which are due and payable to the customer. In the ordinary course absent
any statutorily imposed or expressly declared trust, the Ledger Balance C/F
therefore represents a _chose in action_ which the customer could enforce by
calling on MFGS for payment.

54 On the nature of a “chose in action”, guidance may also be taken from the
Court of Appeal in _Lim Lye Hiang v Official Assignee_ [2012] 1 SLR 228 (at
[27]–[28]) where the Court of Appeal explained:

… A chose in action is an expression used to describe “all personal rights of
property which can only be claimed or enforced by action, and not by taking
physical possession”: see _Torkington v Magee_ …

_It is trite law that the existence of a chose in action does not depend upon
immediate enforceability._ In _Kwok Chi Leung Karl v Commissioner of Estate
Duty_ … , the Privy Council (on an appeal from Hong Kong) was faced with the
issue of, _inter alia_ , whether an obligation to pay a sum of money on demand
after sixty days constituted an existing chose in action at the time when the
obligation was entered into. Lord Oliver of Aylmerton (delivering the judgment
of the court) held that the obligation was indeed an existing chose in action
at the time when the obligation was entered into. He stated … :

_A chose in action is no less a chose in action because it is not immediately
recoverable by action ..._

_... A debt which is payable in futuro is no less a debt ..._

[emphasis added]

55 From the preceding analysis, it can be seen that on the terms of the MTA
alone, MFGS would have different legal obligations in respect of the
Unrealised Profits, Forward Value and Ledger Balance C/F, given that these
constitute contingent, certain future and certain present debts respectively.
What the customer has in relation to all three forms of profits would be a
chose in action against MFGS. It is only when MFGS is obliged, by the terms of
the MTA, to effect immediate payment of the quantified profits, that a
customer has the right as against MFGS to demand _immediate payment_ of those
moneys, and even then, only if MFGS is solvent. In other words, taking
reference from the terms of the contract between the customer and MFGS, the
contents of each chose – if enforced – are slightly different from the others.

The Proprietary Claim Issue: Whether the LFX and Bullion customers have
proprietary rights in the Unrealised Profits and Forward Value

Whether a trust is capable of arising over the Unrealised Profits and Forward
Value

56 With the discussion on the nature of Unrealised Profits and Forward Value
in mind, I turn next to consider whether the Unrealised Profits and Forward
Value are capable of being the subject-matter of a trust. Mr Yeap strenuously
argues that it is not possible for a trust to arise over the Unrealised
Profits and Forward Value because the LFX and Bullion customers’ interests in
them are merely choses in action. It is not possible for the obligor (here,
MFGS) to hold these choses in action on trust for the obligee (the LFX and
Bullion customers), as this would contemplate the “obligor-trustee” having to
sue itself for the benefit of the “obligee-beneficiary” in the event the
obligation was not performed.

57 Further, Mr Yeap submits that even if this is possible, Vintage still has
to conjure up “two magical conversions”, being (i) the conversion of a
contingent or future “right to a receivable” into a “trust over the receivable
arising from a contractual principal to principal relationship”; and (ii) a
further conversion of a trust over such “right to a receivable” into a “trust
over actual moneys” in circumstances where such a receivable was not even due
and payable, let alone paid to the account and credit of the LFX and Bullion
customers.

58 There is force in the Liquidators’ submissions. As stated above, Vintage’s
claims in relation to the Unrealised Profits and Forward Value are properly
characterised as choses in action. The right to sue MFGS under these choses
vests, at all times, in the LFX and Bullion customers. Although choses in
action may be considered “items of property”, they are only property to the
extent they may be transferred to third parties. Professor Hudson considers
them “quasi-property rights”, analysing them as follows (see _Equity and
Trusts_ at p 1298–1299):

… [The status of personal claims] as property is said to rest primarily on
their transferability…

… The chose in action is a claim which attaches to one person and is
exercisable over another. The chose in action is accepted in English law as
being itself an item of property capable of transfer at law and having a value
of its own. It is this transferability and this possibility of distinct value
which imbue such personal claims with the status of property. … This
transferable personal claim is therefore property with no identifiable
proprietary base.

59 Similarly, Dr Joanna Benjamin in _Interests in Securities: A Proprietary
Law Analysis of the International Securities Markets_ (Oxford University
Press, 2000) at para 13.10 states:

… [A]n intangible asset may be the subject of a real action, but _only as
against a third party_. _For example_ , **_as against the debtor, the creditor
can only assert personal rights in relation to the debt._** However, if the
debt is held through an intermediary, the creditor can assert real rights in
relation to the debt, as against the intermediary. On this basis,
intermediation is not merely compatible with property rights in relation to
intangibles; it is their precondition. [emphasis added in italics and bold
italics]

60 Thus, the LFX and Bullion customers are able to assert only _personal_ (and
not proprietary) rights against MFGS in respect of the Unrealised Profits and
Forward Value. Indeed, this would also be the position for the Ledger Balance
C/F. Additionally, it is not possible for the chose in action to be
transferred by the LFX and Bullion customers to MFGS, so as to be held by MFGS
as legal owner and trustee for the benefit of another. In effect, this would
require MFGS to sue itself in order to enforce the chose. This was illustrated
in the case of _Simpson and Company v Thomson, Burrell_ [1877] 3 App Cas 279.

61 In that case, two ships which collided were owned by the same person. Under
the applicable legislation, the ship owner could pay a sum fixed by statute
into court to require any one who had a claim against him for damage caused by
the ship to prove it against that sum. The ship owner paid the sum into court
in respect of one ship. There were competing claims to this sum by the owners
of cargo aboard this ship, as well as the ship owner’s underwriters for loss
caused by this ship to the ship owner’s other ship. The House of Lords held
that as the underwriters had to sue in the name of the person insured (_ie_ ,
the ship owner) it was not possible for the underwriters to claim against the
sum paid into court as this would contemplate the ship owner having a right of
action against himself. Lord Penzance stated the position that it would be “an
absurdity, and a thing unknown to the law” for a person to have a right of
action against himself (at 288). In the same vein, it would be a logical
impossibility for an obligor of a chose in action to hold that chose in trust
for the obligee.

62 In any event, even if this were possible and the LFX and Bullion customers
had somehow vested the choses they had against MFGS in MFGS itself as trustee,
it would not give them any proprietary rights to MFGS’ moneys. The claims
would remain debts provable in MFGS’ winding up. However, this is not the
argument Vintage advances. Vintage’s argument is that MFGS was required by
statute to segregate funds amounting to the value of the Unrealised Profits
and Forward Value and hold these segregated funds on trust for the LFX and
Bullion customers or, alternatively, did so voluntarily.

63 Vintage relies on the case of _Mac-Jordan Construction Ltd v Brookmount
Erostin Ltd (in receivership)_ [1992] BCLC 350 (“ _Mac-Jordan_ ”) to support
this position. In _Mac-Jordan_ , the plaintiff was a building contractor, and
the defendant was a property developer. The contract between the parties
provided for interim payments against architect’s certificates, but entitled
the defendant to retain 3% from each certified amount. The contract also
imposed an obligation on the defendant to set aside as a separate trust fund a
sum equal to the sums the defendant was entitled to retain. However, the
defendant did not set aside any moneys. Subsequently, the defendant became
insolvent. The contest was between the plaintiff and a bank which had a
floating charge over the defendant’s assets. The plaintiff argued that even
though the requisite fund was not appropriated, the contractual obligation to
segregate the moneys operated to confer on the plaintiff an equitable interest
in the notional fund that ought to have been segregated by the defendant.

64 Scott LJ (with whom Parker and Farquharson LJJ agreed) rejected this
argument, holding that the plaintiff had to show either that it had an
equitable interest in identifiable assets, or that the bank was bound in
equity to permit the plaintiff’s contractual right that the defendant
segregate the retained sums to have effect. The English Court of Appeal found
that there were no identifiable assets impressed with trusts which could be
said to be applicable to the retention fund. As for the second point, the
court also found that the plaintiff had no equity against the bank to require
the bank to make available funds from the floating charge in order for a
retention fund in favour of the plaintiff to be set up. Scott LJ considered
that the contractual obligation was only an “unsatisfied and unsecured
contractual right for the payment of money”. The defendant’s obligation to
segregate the moneys was, on Scott LJ’s analysis, “no more than an obligation
to pay money, the payee being [the defendant] itself as trustee” (at 358–359).

65 Unlike the defendant in _Mac-Jordan_ , MFGS had in the present case
segregated funds daily to cover its obligations to the LFX and Bullion
customers in respect of the Unrealised Profits and Forward Value. This,
Vintage submits, is the critical and defining factor. In order to show that it
has a proprietary interest over those segregated funds, Vintage seeks to
establish that the relevant statutory provisions required MFGS to hold those
funds on statutory trust, or that the relevant statutory provisions imposed a
trust over such funds. Alternatively, Vintage seeks to show that MFGS had done
so with the intention of settling an express trust. I turn first to the
Statutory Trust issue.

The Statutory Trust issue

Principles of statutory interpretation

66 The question whether a statutory trust arises over the funds segregated by
MFGS to cover its Unrealised Profits and Forward Value obligations is a
question of statutory interpretation. Evidence of how MFGS treated the
Unrealised Profits and Forward Value is therefore not relevant to this issue.

67 In interpreting the SFA, CTA, SFR and CTR, the court’s starting point is s
9A of the Interpretation Act (Cap 1, 2002 Rev Ed) (“Interpretation Act”),
which provides that statutes should be interpreted in a manner that would
promote the purpose or object of the written law. It should be pointed out
that under s 1 of the Interpretation Act, “written law” includes “all Acts …
and subsidiary legislation made thereunder for the time being in force in
Singapore”. Thus, a purposive interpretation must be given to both the SFR and
CTR as well. V K Rajah JA (sitting in the High Court) in _Public Prosecutor v
Low Kok Heng_ [2007] 4 SLR(R) 183 summarised the approach to be taken under s
9A of the Interpretation Act as such (at [57]):

… [Section] 9A of the Interpretation Act mandates that a purposive approach be
adopted in the construction of all statutory provisions, and allows extrinsic
material to be referred to, even where, on a plain reading, the words of a
statute are clear and unambiguous. The purposive approach takes precedence
over all other common law principles of interpretation. _However, construction
of a statutory provision pursuant to the purposive approach stipulated by s 9A
is constrained by the parameters set by the literal text of the provision._
The courts should confine themselves to interpreting statutory provisions
purposively with the aid of extrinsic material within such boundaries and
assiduously guard against inadvertently re-writing legislation. … [emphasis
added]

68 Thus, and as Vintage submits, the language of a particular statutory
provision is the framework within which the legislative purpose must expressly
or implicitly manifest, and the court should not construe statutes in a manner
that would re-write the words of the statute.

69 Besides the principle of purposive interpretation, the Liquidators also
submit that a statute should not be taken as fundamentally altering the common
law unless it uses words that point unmistakably to that conclusion. This
principle has been applied by the Court of Appeal in _Ying Tai Plastic & Metal
Manufacturing (S) Pte Ltd v Zahrin bin Rabu_ [1983–1984] SLR(R) 212 at [19],
and more recently by Rajah JA (sitting in the High Court) in _Goldring Timothy
Nicholas and others v Public Prosecutor_ [2013] 3 SLR 487 at [51]. On this
basis, the Liquidators argue that the court should be slow to construe the SFA
and CTA and the regulations promulgated under these Acts as changing the
fundamental nature of a trust, when the statutes have not expressly provided
so.

70 Nonetheless, I note that a statutory trust is created by statute
essentially stipulating that the legal owner of certain property is not to
have beneficial ownership of that property. It may not “bear all the indicia
which characterise a trust as it was recognised by the Court of Chancery apart
from statute” (see _Ayerst (Inspector of Taxes) v C. & K. (Construction) Ltd_
[1976] AC 167 (“ _Ayerst_ ”) at 178 cited in _Power Knight Pte Ltd v Natural
Fuel Pte Ltd (in compulsory liquidation) and others_ [2010] 3 SLR 82 at [50]).

71 In _In the matter of the intervention into the solicitors’ practices known
as Ahmed & Co_ [2006] EWHC 480 (Ch), Justice Lawrence Collins considered the
concept of a statutory trust in the context of the exercise of the English Law
Society’s regulatory functions under the Solicitors Act 1974 (c 47) (UK).
Collins J stated (at [111] and [113]):

There is no doubt that when the word “trust” is used in a statute it does not
necessarily mean a classic private trust. …

…

Accordingly, it does not follow that, when the word “trust” is used, that
brings with it the full range of trust obligations attendant upon a
traditional private law trust, particularly so when the trust is imposed by
statute and in the context of the exercise of a public function. The meaning
of a word depends on its context. …

In the final analysis, what falls within the ambit of the statutory trust and
the obligations of a statutory trustee are matters of statutory
interpretation, to be analysed with reference to the specific applicable
statutory provisions.

The Bullion transactions

(1) Whether the CTA and CTR apply to the Bullion transactions

72 The long title of the CTA provides that it is “An Act for the regulation of
certain types of commodity trading, and for matters connected therewith”.
These concern the licensing of commodity brokers, the accounts to be kept by
commodity brokers, and the conduct of commodity trading business among other
things.

73 Section 2 of the CTA defines “commodity” as:

… any produce, item, goods or article that is the subject of any —

(_a_) commodity forward contract;

(_b_) _leveraged commodity trading_ ;

(_c_) contract made pursuant to trading in differences; or

(_d_) spot commodity trading,

and includes an index, a right or an interest in such commodity, and such
other index, right or interest of any nature as the Board may, by notification
in the  _Gazette_ , prescribe to be a commodity; but does not include any
produce, item, goods or article that is the subject of a commodity futures
contract and any index, right or interest in such produce, item, goods or
article[.] [emphasis added]

Commodity futures contracts are excluded from the definition of “commodity”
under s 2 of the CTA as these contracts are governed by the SFA instead (see
[82] below). Section 2 of the CTA provides that a “commodity futures contract”
is:

(_a_) a contract the effect of which is that —

(i) one party agrees to deliver a specified commodity, or a specified quantity
of a specified commodity, to another party at a specified future time and at a
specified price payable at that time pursuant to the terms and conditions set
out in the business rules of a futures market or pursuant to the business
practices of a futures market; or

(ii) the parties will discharge their obligations under the contract by
settling the difference between the value of a specified quantity of a
specified commodity agreed at the time of the making of the contract and at a
specified future time, such difference being determined in accordance with the
business rules or practices of the futures market at which the contract is
made; or

(_b_) such other contract or class of contracts as the Board may prescribe,

and includes a futures option transaction[.]

74 The Bullion transactions were not commodity futures contracts as they were
not carried out pursuant to the business rules or practices of a futures
market. Instead, as Mr Yap deposed in his affidavit, the Bullion transactions
were “cash-settled leveraged bullion (gold or silver) spot contracts”. The LFX
and Bullion Report prepared by the Liquidators states that these Bullion
transactions mirrored the price movements of the underlying reference bullion
without involving ownership of the reference bullion. These were therefore
“leveraged commodity trading” under s 2 of the CTA, which is defined as,
_inter alia_ :

(_a_) the act of entering into or offering to enter into, or inducing or
attempting to induce a person to enter into or offer to enter into, a contract
or an arrangement on a margin basis (other than a commodity futures contract)
whereby a person undertakes as determined by the terms and conditions of the
contract or arrangement —

(i) to make an adjustment between himself and another person according to
whether a commodity is worth more or less, at a specified point in time;

(ii) to pay an amount of money determined or to be determined by reference to
the change in value of a commodity over a specified period of time; or

(iii) to deliver to another person at an agreed future time an agreed amount
of commodities at an agreed price[.]

75 Thus, on a general level, the CTA and CTR apply to the Bullion
transactions. At the hearing, Mr Yeap clarified that the Liquidators do not
dispute this. The more specific issue raised by the Liquidators is whether the
statutory trust and segregation obligations under the CTA and CTR apply to
MFGS and to the Bullion transactions. This will be considered below in the
context of the relevant provisions.

(2) The relevant provisions under the CTA and CTR

76 The primary provision in the CTA is s 30 which states:

**Segregation of customer’s funds by broker**

**30.** —(1) The Board may, with the approval of the Minister, make
regulations to provide that every commodity broker shall treat and deal _with
all money, securities or property received by him from a customer in such
manner and in such separate accounts as may be prescribed_.

(2) Without prejudice to the generality of subsection (1), such regulations
may provide —

(_a_) for the circumstances in which funds, securities or property received
from a customer may be segregated and deposited in the same account;

(_b_) for the circumstances in and purposes for which funds may be withdrawn
from separate trust accounts;

(_c_) for the exemption by the Board of any commodity broker or class of
commodity brokers, or any transaction or class of transactions relating to
trading in commodity contracts, from any of the provisions of such
regulations; and

(_d_) that a contravention thereof shall be punishable with a fine not
exceeding $30,000 or with imprisonment for a term not exceeding 3 years or
with both.

(3) Money, securities or property received from a customer and held by a
commodity broker in a separate trust account under any regulations made under
subsection (1) shall not be —

(_a_) available for payment of the debts of the commodity broker to a creditor
of the commodity broker; or

(_b_) liable to be attached or taken in execution under the order or process
of any court at the instance of such creditor,

unless the creditor is a customer of the commodity broker and the debt owed to
the creditor was incurred in connection with trading in any commodity
contract.

(4) Nothing in this section shall take away or affect a lawful claim or lien
that a commodity broker has against, or on, any money, securities or property
held in an account under any regulations made under subsection (1).

(5) Nothing in this Act or any written law shall prevent a commodity market or
a clearing house, with the approval of the Board, from using the money,
securities or property held in a trust account to meet the obligations of a
commodity broker, being a member of the market or the clearing house, who
defaults, if —

(_a_) the default of the commodity broker is directly attributable to the
failure of his customer to meet the obligations under a commodity contract;
and

(_b_) the failure to use the money, securities or property held in a trust
account may jeopardise the financial integrity of the market or the clearing
house.

(6) In this section, “customer” means a person on whose account a commodity
broker carries on trading in any commodity contract, but does not include
directors, employees and representatives and related corporations of the
commodity broker. [emphasis added]

77 Under s 63(1) of the CTA, the International Enterprise Singapore (“IE
Singapore”) Board is vested with power to “make regulations for carrying out
the purposes and provisions of [the CTA] and for the due administration
thereof”. The relevant regulations made in the CTR pursuant to, _inter alia_ ,
ss 30 and 63 of the CTA, are:

**Segregation of customer’s funds by brokers**

**21.—(** 1) Every commodity broker and spot commodity broker shall —

(_a_) treat and deal with _all money, securities or property received by him
from a customer_ to margin, guarantee or secure contracts in commodity trading
or spot commodity trading, _or accruing to a customer as a result of such
trading_ , _as belonging to that customer_ ; and

(_b_) account in a separate trust account, designated or evidenced as such,
for all the money, securities or property received from the customer or
accruing to the customer pursuant to sub-paragraph (_a_),

and shall not commingle that money, security or property with his own funds or
use them to margin, guarantee or to secure the contracts or extend the credit
of any other customer or person other than the person for whom they are held.

…

(4) Notwithstanding paragraph (1), a commodity broker or spot commodity broker
may have a _residual financial interest_ in a customer’s trust account and may
from time to time advance from his own funds sufficient money to prevent any
or all of his customers’ trust accounts from becoming under-margined.

…

**Segregated accounts**

**22.** —(1) All customer’s moneys shall be segregated as _belonging to
customers_ and separately accounted for.

(2) Any customer’s moneys received shall be paid without delay into a
customer’s account unless authorised otherwise by the customer concerned.

…

[emphasis added]

78 As can be seen, s 30 of the CTA deals largely with the making of
regulations, and does not set out in great detail the substantive obligations
of a commodity broker. Thus, the main provisions which set out the scope of a
commodity broker’s obligations are to be found in regs 21 and 22 of the CTR.
In my view, insofar as regs 21(1)(_a_) and 22(1) of the CTR state that a
commodity broker shall treat certain funds as _belonging to that customer_ ,
this is language which imposes a statutory trust over money, securities or
property falling within its ambit. Admittedly, the provisions do not expressly
use the term “statutory trust”. However, I find that this is _in substance_
what the provisions provide for. The clear implication of regs 21(1)(_a_) and
22(1) is that a commodity broker will not be able to dispose of the funds
falling within the scope of regs 21(1)(_a_) and 22(1) for its benefit. This is
consistent with s 30(3) of the CTA which prohibits a commodity broker from
using money, securities or property held in a separate trust account as
required by the CTR for the payment of the commodity broker’s debts. These
provisions effectively disallow a commodity broker from using such moneys
beneficially in the course of its business, which is the fundamental feature
of a trust, _viz_ , that the beneficial ownership of these funds is vested in
the customer. This protection is supplemented by further provisions which
impose segregation obligations (see for example regs 21(1)(_b_) and 22(2) of
the CTR).

(3) The purpose and object of the statutory trust and the segregation
obligations in the CTA and CTR

79 Before analysing the relevant provisions further, I briefly consider the
purpose and object of the statutory trust and the segregation obligations.

80 The CTA was enacted in 1992 as the Commodity Futures Act 1992 (Act 17 of
1992) (“the Commodity Futures Act”) to regulate trading in rubber futures
contracts and other commodities, beginning with trading in rubber futures
contracts (see _Singapore Parliamentary Debates, Official Report_ (20 March
1992) vol 59 at cols 1345–1348 (BG Lee Hsien Loong, Minister for Trade and
Industry) (“the Second Reading of Commodity Futures Act”)). Section 30 of the
Commodity Futures Act provided for the segregation of “customer’s funds”. The
relevant regulations at the time were to be found in regs 22 and 23 of the
Commodity Futures Regulations (Cap 48A, Rg 1, 1993 Rev Ed) (“CFR”). In
relation to these provisions, the Minister explained that (at col 1347):

(3) _Conduct of commodity futures business._

The Bill requires funds placed by customers with their brokers to be
separately accounted for, to prevent brokers from making use of their client's
funds for any other purposes.

81 In 2001, the Commodity Futures Act was renamed the “Commodity Trading Act”.
Parliament also amended the Act in order to expand its scope to deal with not
just commodity futures contracts, but also commodity forward contracts,
trading in differences, leveraged commodity trading and certain forms of spot
commodity trading (see Commodity Futures (Amendment) Act 2001 (No 22 of
2001)). This change was prompted by the rise of “bucket shops”. Parliament
also enacted provisions to require persons who wished to engage in such
commodity trading activities to apply for a licence under the CTA. In this
regard, in Parliament, the Acting Minister for Trade and Industry (“Acting
Minister”) stated (_Singapore Parliamentary Debates, Official Report_ (16 May
2001) vol 73 at col 1714–1719 (Peter Chen, Acting Minister for Trade and
Industry) (“the Bucket Shop Debate”) at col 1715):

“Bucket shops” are firms that entice the public to open trading accounts with
them and to grant them wide discretion to _trade on the investors’ behalf_.
Instead of trading with the investors’ interest in mind, the contractual terms
are such that they favour the firms. They may claim to effect transactions
when they did not; or “churn”, that is, make repeated transactions to earn
commissions, without regard to the interest of investors. Investors are
enticed with small initial profits but may end up losing their entire
investment. [emphasis added]

82 Subsequently in 2007, Parliament amended the CTA once more to “transfer
regulatory oversight of commodity futures trading from IE Singapore under the
CTA to MAS under the SFA and [Financial Advisers Act]” (see _Singapore
Parliamentary Debtates, Official Report_ (17 July 2007) vol 83 at col 1223
(Lim Hng Kiang, Minister for Trade and Industry)). The result of these
amendments was that commodity futures transactions were governed by the
provisions of the SFA, with MAS acting as the regulator. IE Singapore retained
regulatory oversight of over-the-counter commodity derivatives and spot
commodity contracts under the CTA.

83 Despite these numerous amendments, the obligations originally enacted in s
30 of the Commodity Futures Act and reg 22 and 23 of the CFR remain materially
unchanged. In my view, the Second Reading of the Commodity Futures Act and the
Bucket Shop Debate show that the provisions relating to the statutory trust as
well as segregation under the CTA and CTR were enacted for the purpose of
protecting consumers and investors, and to ensure that _customers’ funds_ are
not misused. With this understanding, I now consider whether these provisions
apply to MFGS.

(4) Whether the statutory trust and segregation obligations under the CTA and
CTR apply to MFGS

(A) Parties’ submissions

84 Vintage takes the position that the requirements under s 30 of the CTA and
under regs 21 and 22 of the CTR apply to any person who acts as a “commodity
broker” within the meaning of the CTA. As MFGS carried on “leveraged commodity
trading” through the Bullion transactions, it acted as a “commodity broker”
under the CTA. Therefore, these provisions apply to MFGS and the Bullion
transactions.

85 The Liquidators do not quarrel with Vintage’s submissions that MFGS acted
as a “commodity broker”. However, the Liquidators submit that the regulations
made under s 30 of the CTA do not apply to MFGS and the Bullion transactions
as Vintage and the other Bullion customers were not “customers” as defined by
s 30(6) of the CTA. They argue that s 30(6) specifically limits the
application of the statutory trust and segregation obligations to a customer “
_on whose account_ the commodity broker carries on trading” [emphasis added].
The Liquidators submit that the phrase “on whose account” should be
interpreted to mean “on behalf of”, and the use of the phrase shows that the
statutory trust and segregation obligations prescribed under s 30 of the CTA
apply only to situations where the commodity broker acts as an agent on behalf
of the customer, holding moneys, securities and property which are
beneficially owned by the customer.

86 The Liquidators also refer to the Bucket Shop Debate (reproduced at [81]
above), and argue that Parliament’s intention is to protect customers’ moneys
only where the broker “trade[s] on the investor’s behalf”. Since MFGS
contracted with the LFX and Bullion customers on a principal-to-principal
basis, the provisions do not apply to MFGS.

(B) Analysis and findings

87 I accept Vintage’s submission that the statutory trust and segregation
obligations made under s 30 of the CTA apply to any person who acts as a
“commodity broker”. In my judgment, MFGS is a “commodity broker” under the CTA
and CTR.

88 Section 2 of the CTA defines a “commodity broker” as:

… a person who (_whether as principal or agent_) carries on the business of
soliciting, or accepting orders, for the purchase or sale of any commodity by
way of or relating to any commodity contract, whether or not the business is
part of, or is carried on in conjunction with, any other business[.] [emphasis
added]

89 Put simply, a commodity broker is defined in the CTA as a person who
accepts orders for the purchase or sale of “any commodity” by way of or
relating to “any commodity contract”. The definition also makes clear that a
commodity broker may act as both principal and agent. I have set out the
definition of “commodity” under the CTA above at [73]. Under s 2 of the CTA, a
“commodity contract” is defined as:

(_a_) a commodity forward contract;

(_b_) any contract made pursuant to trading in differences with respect to a
commodity, not being a commodity futures contract; or

(_c_) _any contract made pursuant to a transaction in leveraged commodity
trading_[.][emphasis added]

90 The Bullion transactions were over-the-counter “leveraged commodity trades”
(as defined under s 2 of the CTA, see [74] above). In respect of these trades,
MFGS acted as its customers’ direct counterparty. Thus, by virtue of carrying
out “leveraged commodity trading” with its customers as principal, MFGS fell
under the definition of “commodity broker” under the CTA.

91 The evidence also shows that MFGS appeared to accept the applicability of
the CTA without qualification. The MTA makes multiple references to the CTA.
MFGS also states in the Risk Disclosure Statement that the section that deals
with “Commodity Contracts” therein is provided in accordance with s 32(1) of
the CTA.

92 I do not accept the Liquidators’ arguments that there is a further
qualification, and that by virtue of the definition of “customer” under s
30(6), s 30 of the CTA and the regulations in the CTR do not apply to MFGS.
The general definition of customer under s 2 of the CTA and the specific
definition in s 30(6) of the CTA are similar in material respects. The
definition of “customer” in s 2 of the CTA provides:

“customer” means a person _on whose account_ a commodity broker carries on
trading in commodity contracts …[emphasis added]

Similarly, for the purposes of s 30 of the CTA, s 30(6) provides that:

(6) In this section, “customer” means a person _on whose account_ a commodity
broker carries on trading in any commodity contract, _but does not include
directors, employees and representatives and related corporations of the
commodity broker._ [emphasis added]

93 It is true, as the Liquidators argue, that the definition in s 30(6) is
narrower than the definition in s 2 of the CTA. However, it is only narrower
in that “directors, employees and representatives and related corporations of
the commodity broker” are excluded from the definition of “customer” for the
purposes of s 30 and any regulations prescribed. These persons, it may be
pointed out, are all persons _connected_ with the commodity broker. To that
extent, s 30(6) makes clear that the commodity broker does not need to
segregate funds for “customers” who are related or connected persons or
entities. However, there is no merit in the argument that based on this
narrowed definition, the obligations imposed by s 30 of the CTA and the
attendant regulations apply _only_ to situations where the broker acts as
agent, while the other obligations imposed by the CTA on commodity brokers are
not thus confined.

94 I am also not persuaded that the Bucket Shop Debate (see [81] above) sheds
much light on the phrase “on whose account” in s 30(6) of the CTA. In the
first place, although the Acting Minister used the phrase “on the investor’s
behalf”, this does not necessarily mean that Parliament had intended to limit
the scope of protection under s 30 only to situations where the commodity
broker acts as agent on behalf of another. As pointed out earlier, these
provisions were first introduced in the Commodity Futures Act and the CFR,
which antedated the Bucket Shop Debate, and have remained substantially
unchanged since (see [80]–[83] above). In fact, the Commodity Futures Act
already contained the narrower definition of “customer” in s 30(6) alongside
the broader general definition of “customer” under s 2 of the Commodity
Futures Act. As stated above at [83], the purpose and object of these
provisions is the protection of consumers and investors. In this context, the
court should not interpret the law narrowly.

95 Further, the interpretation of the phrase “on whose account a commodity
broker carries on trading in any commodity contract” turns on the definition
of “account”. The term “account” possesses many meanings, and may be used as a
noun or as a verb, depending on the context. _Black’s Law Dictionary_ (Bryan A
Garner chief ed) (Thomson Reuters, 10th Ed, 2014) (“ _Black’s Law Dictionary_
”) gives the following definitions of “account” as a noun (at p 20–21):

**3.** A statement by which someone seeks to describe or explain an event …
**4.** A detailed statement of the debits and credits between parties to a
contract or to a fiduciary relationship; a reckoning of monetary dealings …
**5.**_A course of business dealings or other relationship for which records
must be kept <open a brokerage account>_. [emphasis added in italics]

_Black’s Law Dictionary_ also defines the term “account for”, which is a verb,
as (at p 23):

**1.** To furnish a good reason or convincing explanation for; to explain the
cause of. **2.** To render a reckoning of (funds held, esp. in trust). **3.**
To answer for (conduct).

96 _The Oxford English Dictionary_ vol 1 (Clarendon Press, 2nd Ed, 1989) (“
_Oxford English Dictionary_ ”) defines the term “on account” and “on account
of” as (at p 86):

_on account_ : as an item to be accounted for at the final settlement, in
anticipation of or as a contribution to final payment, as an interim payment
on account of something in process. **_on one’s account_****: so that it shall
be charged or entered to his account; in his behalf and at his expense.**_on
one’s own account_ : for one’s own interest, and at one’s own risk.

… _on account of_ : (_a_) In consideration of, for the sake of, by reason of,
because of. [italics in original; emphasis added in bold]

97 In my opinion, the term “account” takes its meaning from the context in
which it is used. A “customer” under the CTA and CTR is one who possesses a
brokerage account with a commodity broker under which trades in commodity
contracts are entered into and charged to his or her expense. I find that this
accords with a purposive interpretation of the CTA and is also aligned with
the daily practice of MFGS. Whenever counterparties entered into an LFX or
Bullion transaction, MFGS would issue in the Daily FX Activity Statement of
that particular day a trade confirmation (see [14(a)] above). The confirmation
would state that “the following trades have been made this day _for your
account_ and risk” [emphasis added]. A person who possesses an account with
MFGS is conventionally referred to as a “customer”, and indeed, MFGS refers to
such persons as “customers” in the MTA. Any other interpretation would be
artificial.

98 It is also significant that where appropriate, the CTA and CTR make a
distinction between situations where a commodity broker acts as an agent or as
a principal. One example of this distinction is within the definition of
“commodity broker” itself (see [88] above) – the CTA makes clear that an agent
or principal counterparty may both be considered “commodity brokers”. Another
illustration of this may be found in reg 24 of the CTR. Regulation 24(1)
provides that a commodity broker should “furnish to his _customers_ a written
confirmation of each contract executed by the broker on behalf of that
_customer_ ” [emphasis added]. Regulation 24(2)(_b_) then provides that if
“the broker is dealing _as principal_ ” [emphasis added] the written
confirmation should provide a statement that he is acting as such.
Consequently, if s 30 of the CTA is meant to be restricted only to situations
where a commodity broker acted as agent, the CTA would have expressly stated
so.

99 One last miscellaneous point ought to be addressed. MFGS (and its
predecessor, Man Financial (S) Pte Ltd) was licensed by IE Singapore as a
“Commodity Futures Broker” from 1995 to 30 June 2008\. After the transfer of
regulatory jurisdiction over commodity futures contracts from IE Singapore to
MAS, MFGS took the view that it was no longer required to be licensed, and
accordingly did not apply for a further licence post-July 2008. This is not an
issue in these proceedings. However, I note that there are exemptions to the
licensing requirement which are set out under the Schedule of the CTA.
Additionally, I note that the segregation obligations under s 30 apply to a
“commodity broker” and not to a licensed person. Separately, under reg 21(5)
of the CTR, the IE Singapore Board may also exempt a commodity broker from the
requirements under reg 21(1) of the CTR, subject to terms and conditions which
provide reasonable protection for customers. As Vintage points out, there is
no evidence of IE Singapore exempting MFGS from the requirements under reg
21(1) of the CTR. Consequently, for the reasons given above, I find that s 30
of the CTA and the relevant regulations within the CTR apply to MFGS, and to
the Bullion transactions.

(5) Whether the Unrealised Profits and Forward Value (attributable to Bullion
transactions) are “money … accruing to a customer”

100 As I have stated above at [78], the main provisions which impose the
statutory trust and lay down substantive obligations on a commodity broker in
relation to customers’ funds are to be found in regs 21 and 22 of the CTR.
Regulation 21(1)(_a_) of the CTR requires a commodity broker to treat and deal
with (i) all money, securities or property _received by_ a commodity broker
from a customer to margin, guarantee or secure contracts in commodity trading
(limb (i) of reg 21(1)(_a_)), and (ii) all money, securities or property
_accruing to_ a customer as a result of such trading (limb (ii) of reg
21(1)(_a_)), _as belonging to the customer_. Under reg 21(1)(_b_), the
commodity broker is required to account in a separate trust account,
designated or evidenced as such, for money _received from_ the customer or
_accruing to_ the customer pursuant to reg 21(1)(_a_).

101 It appears to me that it is reg 21(1)(_a_) which delineates the scope of
the statutory trust and the funds that MFGS is required to segregate.
Interpreting reg 21(1)(_a_) in line with the legislative intention of
protecting customers’ funds, I find that this statutory trust arises on the
_receipt_ or _accrual_ of the money, securities or property. In other words,
where money, securities or property is _received from_ a customer or _accrues
to_ a customer in accordance with reg 21(1)(_a_), they are, _by operation of
reg 21(1)(a)_ , beneficially owned by the customer. Consequently, a customer
may assert proprietary rights to the money, securities or property if the
money, securities and property falling within the scope of the statutory trust
are identifiable. In this regard, the obligations to segregate these funds
pursuant to regs 21(1)(_b_), 22(1) and 22(2) do not create the trust, but are
obligations which flow from the imposition of the statutory trust over certain
property by reg 21(1)(_a_) and provide additional protection to ensure that
customers’ moneys subject to the statutory trust are not dissipated or
misused.

102 Evidently, money received by MFGS from a customer to margin Bullion
transactions is “money received by [MFGS] from a customer to margin …
contracts in commodity trading” and therefore falls within the first limb of
the statutory trust (_viz_ , limb (i) of reg 21(1)(_a_)). I pause to note that
this statutory obligation is in fact contrary to the terms of the contract
between MFGS and its customers (see cl A6.8 of the MTA set out at [45] above)
and affords the customers a greater degree of protection than they would
otherwise possess under the MTA. However, it is not so clear from the language
of reg 21(1)(_a_) itself whether the statutory trust also captures the
Unrealised Profits, Forward Value and Ledger Balance C/F.

(A) Parties’ submissions

103 Vintage argues that the Unrealised Profits and Forward Value represented
moneys “accruing to” Vintage as a result of commodity trading. Vintage submits
that the concept of “accruing” should be interpreted as referring to moneys
which a party is “ _entitled to_ ” after having done all that is required of
it to earn that sum, even if such sums are not yet due and payable. Hence,
even if the Unrealised Profits and Forward Value were not contractually
payable debts, moneys segregated to cover these obligations should still be
construed as “accruing to” Vintage as Vintage was already entitled to these
moneys.

104 The Liquidators do not propose a different interpretation of the term
“accruing to”. However, they argue that no statutory trust can arise over the
Unrealised Profits and Forward Value as it would be a trust over choses in
action, and not over any actual underlying moneys. The Liquidators point out
that neither the CTA nor the CTR state that a commodity broker would be
required to pay actual moneys into the Customer Segregated Accounts on account
of debts payable in the future, with the result of a trust being created over
physical moneys. In this regard, I also refer to the Liquidators’ submission
above at [69], that the court should be slow to construe legislation as
changing the fundamental nature of a trust. Having taken the position that the
statutory trust and segregation obligations within the CTA and CTR do not
apply to MFGS and the Bullion transactions, the Liquidators also adopt the
position that the Ledger Balance C/F is held on trust for their customers on a
“purely voluntary” basis, and “not as a consequence of any (inapplicable)
segregation obligations under the CTA”.

(B) Analysis and findings

105 The crux of the issue is whether the Unrealised Profits, Forward Value and
Ledger Balance C/F can be said to be “ _money_ … _accruing to_ a customer as a
result of [commodity trading]”. Vintage does not contend that there is
“property” or “securities” accruing to the Bullion customers. However, I note
that “property” is defined under reg 2 of the CTR as including:

… movable and immovable property, and any estate, share and interest in any
property, movable or immovable, and any debt, and _anything in action_ , and
any other right or interest, whether in possession or not[.] [emphasis added]

As analysed above at [41]–[55], what MFGS represented in Vintage’s Daily FX
Activity Statements as Unrealised Profits and Forward Value are, on deeper
legal analysis, choses in action (in the nature of contingent debts or certain
debts payable at a future date by MFGS to Vintage) that Vintage had against
MFGS, and which vested, at all times in Vintage. The Unrealised Profits and
Forward Value thus fall within the meaning of “property” in the CTR.
Nonetheless, as the choses always vested in the customer vis-à-vis MFGS in the
principal-to-principal transactions, they do not form _property_ in MFGS’
hands that MFGS is able to hold on trust or segregate.

106 To the extent that Vintage argues that _money_ (as opposed to property)
amounting to the value of Unrealised Profits and Forward Value had been
segregated by MFGS, thereby forming the proprietary basis of a statutory
trust, this requires Vintage to show that this is _money accruing to_ Vintage.
I note at the outset that there is no definition of “money” within the CTA or
the CTR. In my view, the term, when used in the context of the CTA and CTR,
may be broadly understood. For example, reg 22(5) of the CTR states that
customers’ moneys deposited with any bank must be deposited under an account
name which clearly identifies such moneys as customers’ moneys and shows that
such moneys are segregated in the manner which reg 21 of the CTR requires.
Thus, the term “money” in this context means actual physical money, as well as
“money” in bank or other accounts (although this is not a _strictly_ accurate
analysis of a bank account: see Professor Hudson’s analysis of this above at
[51]).

107 There is also no definition of the phrase “accruing to” under the CTA or
CTR. The _Oxford English Dictionary_ defines the term “accrue” as (at p 90):

**1.** To fall (_to_ any one) as a natural growth or increment; to come by way
of addition or increase, or as an accession or advantage. …

**2.** To arise or spring as a natural growth or result. … _Esp_. of interest:
To grow or arise as the produce of money invested. [emphasis in original]

108 _Black’s Law Dictionary_ defines the term “accrue” as (at p 25):

**1.** To come into existence as an enforceable claim or right; to arise <the
plaintiff’s cause of action for silicosis did not accrue until the plaintiff
knew or had reason to know of the disease>. …

**2.** To accumulate periodically; to increase over a period of time <the
savings-account interest accrues monthly>.

109 Vintage cites cases from three legal contexts, _viz_ , income tax law,
garnishee proceedings and the accrual of causes of action, as part of its
effort to urge the court that money should be treated as “accruing to” a
customer as a result of commodity trading when the customer has done all that
is required of it to earn that sum, even if such sums were not due and
payable.

110 Section 10(1) of the Income Tax Act (Cap 134, 2014 Rev Ed) (“Income Tax
Act”) provides that income tax is payable upon “the _income_ of any person
_accruing in_ or derived from Singapore or received in Singapore from outside
Singapore” [emphasis added]. The cases which discuss the concept of accruing
income deal largely with whether certain payments received by a taxpayer could
be considered as “income”. In _Pinetree Resort Pte Ltd v Comptroller of Income
Tax_ [2000] 3 SLR(R) 136, the Court of Appeal interpreted the term “accrue” in
the context of s 10(1) of the Income Tax Act to mean “to which any person has
become entitled” (at [23]). This was followed by Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA in
_ABD Pte Ltd v Comptroller of Income Tax_ [2010] 3 SLR 609 (“ _ABD Pte Ltd_
”).

111 In _ABD Pte Ltd_ , the issue was whether an entrance fee paid to the
taxpayer-club upon a member’s admission should be wholly taxed within the year
during which the member paid the fee, or whether it should be taxed equally
over the period of club membership. This depended on whether the club earned
the fee at the time the members were admitted, or whether the fees were
instead earned over the period of club membership. The court discussed various
authorities and held that “the stage at which a taxpayer will be deemed to
have done all that is required of it to earn the income depends on the
particular trade it is engaged in” (at [28]). On the facts of _ABD Pte Ltd_ ,
Phang JA was of the view that the entrance fees accrued as _income_ to the
club upon the club’s _receipt_ of the moneys (see [30]). The court stated (at
[20] and [29]):

20 … In the present case, the Appellant became legally entitled to the
entrance fees once a member was admitted to membership. This is apparent from
the fact that, should the Appellant allow a member to pay the entrance fees by
monthly instalments, any unpaid balance of the monthly instalments becomes
immediately due and payable if a member transfers his membership … , resigns
his membership … , or if he is expelled from the Club … . Moreover, there
appears to have been no restriction on the right of the Appellant to deal with
the entrance fees as it wished once they were received.

…

29 ... [T]he obligation of the Appellant, upon receipt of the entrance fees,
was merely to admit the payer of the entrance fees to membership. … The
entrance fees paid to the Appellant _can fairly be said to have "come home" to
the Appellant_ upon the grant of membership since the Appellant was legally
entitled to the whole of the entrance fees once the application for membership
was approved. [emphasis added]

Phang JA therefore held that the club should be taxed on the full sum of the
entrance fee in the year it was paid.

112 The analysis above reveals that whether the court considered that income
had “accrued” depended on whether the taxpayer was “legally entitled” to the
entrance fees. This in turn depended on what the club was obliged to do upon
receipt of the fees. In essence, once the club had performed its obligation,
the fees could be said to have “come home” to the taxpayer, and was
consequently income that was liable to income tax. It is important to note
that in _ABD Pte Ltd_ , the club had already _received_ the entrance fees from
its members before the question as to whether income had accrued arose.

113 In the context of garnishee proceedings, O 49 r 1(1) of the Rules of Court
provides that the court may “order the garnishee to pay the judgment creditor
the amount of any debt due or _accruing due to_ the judgment debtor from the
garnishee” [emphasis added]. Vintage cites the Malaysian case of _Cheong Heng
Loong Goldsmiths (KL) Sdn Bhd & Anor v Capital Insurance Bhd and another
appeal_ [2004] 1 MLJ 353, which in turn relied on the Indian case of _Shanti
Prasad Jain v Director of Enforcement Foreign Exchange Regulation Act_ AIR
1962 SC 1764, to interpret the term “accrued debt” in this context to mean a
debt payable in the future. In the latter case, Venkatarama Iyer J delivered
the judgment on behalf of the Full Bench of the Supreme Court of India,
stating:

A contingent debt is strictly speaking not a debt at all. In its ordinary as
well as its legal sense, a debt is a sum of money payable under an existing
obligation. It may be payable forthwith, solvendum in praesenti, then it is a
debt “due” or it may be payable at a future date, solvendum future; then it is
a debt “accruing”. But in either case it is a debt. But _a contingent debt_
has no present existence, because it _is payable only when the contingency
happens_ , and ex hypothesi that may or may not happen. [emphasis in original]

114 The preceding analysis is also consistent with the position in England
(see _Webb v Stenton_ (1883) 11 QBD 518) and in Singapore (see _Lim Boon Kwee
(trading as B K Lim & Co) v Impexital SRL (Sembawang Multiplex Joint Venture,
garnishee)_ [1998] 1 SLR(R) 757 at [15]). Thus, in the context of garnishee
proceedings, “accrued debts” are debts which arise out of a present
obligation, but are payable only in the future (_ie_ , future debts).
Contingent debts are not debts “accruing due to” the judgment debtor under the
Rules of Court, and are not attachable in garnishee proceedings.

115 Lastly, Vintage refers to the use of the term “accrue” in the context of
the accrual of causes of action. Here, the relevant provisions are to be found
in the Limitation Act (Cap 163, 1996 Rev Ed), which sets out various timelines
as to when specific types of causes of action accrue. In _Fairview
Developments Pte Ltd v Ong & Ong Pte Ltd and another appeal_ [2014] 2 SLR 318
(“ _Fairview Developments_ ”), the Court of Appeal held that an architect’s
entitlement to sue the client for payment only accrues when the architect
issues an invoice to the client, stating (at [87]):

When [the relevant clauses applicable to the parties’ relationship] are read
together, it was evident that while an architect became entitled to progress
payments upon the completion of the various stages, such progress payments
only became "due and payable" upon the issuance of the relevant invoice(s).
Accordingly, while an architect's entitlement to payment accrues upon
completion of various stages, _no right and corresponding cause of action to
sue upon such a right arises unless and until the relevant invoice(s) had been
issued_. To put it another way, the entitlement to fees crystallises into a
right upon which a cause of action accrues only when the invoice is issued.
[emphasis in original]

116 It is pertinent that the Court of Appeal separated the concept of (i) the
architect’s _entitlement to payment_ and (ii) the accrual of the architect’s
_cause of action_. Although the architect’s entitlement to payment had arisen,
the architect’s cause of action only accrued (for the purposes of limitation
periods) when the debt became “due and payable” on the issuance of the
invoice.

117 As may be observed from the preceding analysis of the term “accrue” or
“accruing” in varying legal contexts, the interpretation is not uniform for
all contexts and purposes. In the three different contexts considered, the
subject-matter of the accrual (_ie_ , income, debt or causes of action)
influenced the interpretation of the term. Regard must also be had to the
framework in which the term operates, as well as the purpose and object of the
provisions. In this regard, I have found that Parliament’s intention in
imposing a statutory trust through reg 21(1)(_a_) of the CTR is primarily for
the protection of what should be the customers’ funds (see [83] above).

118 It appears to me that “money, securities or property … accruing to a
customer as a result of [commodity] trading” should simply be interpreted to
mean the accumulation or accretion of money, securities or property _to_ a
customer as a result of commodity trading. More critically, I am of the view
that much will depend on the specific rights and obligations that exist
between the commodity broker and its customer so as to determine what money is
accruing to a customer such that a commodity broker is obliged to hold the
money _for_ the customer. This is similar to the approach in _ABD Pte Ltd_.

119 In my view, the Unrealised Profits and Forward Value, being contingent and
future debts owed by MFGS to a customer, are not “money[s] … accruing to a
customer as a result of [commodity] trading” and do not fall within the ambit
of the statutory trust under reg 21(1)(_a_) of the CTR.

120 I elaborate. The Unrealised Profits, even on Vintage’s argument, would not
be considered moneys accruing to Vintage as it had not done all that it was
required to earn the sum (_ie_ , close-out was still required). Indeed, based
on the cases which Vintage relies on in the context of garnishee proceedings,
the Unrealised Profits, being contingent debt obligations, would not be debts
“due or accruing due” under the Rules of Court (see [115] above). If a
contingent debt is not a debt “accruing due” in the context of garnishee
proceedings, _a fortori_ , it cannot give rise to the accrual of _money_.

121 Vintage argues that as the Bullion transactions were marked-to-market, the
gains (_ie_ , the Unrealised Profits) and losses would be considered as
_accruing_ on a daily basis. The concept of marked-to-market is defined in s 2
of the CTR as “the _process_ whereby the daily closing price of a commodity
contract is used to value all outstanding positions of that contract at the
end of the day and to establish the resulting gains and losses” [emphasis
added]; marking the position to market is therefore only a _process_ by which
the quantum of the contingent debt claim is valued. The fact that a process is
required to value the Unrealised Profits belies its unpredictable nature. As
Unrealised Profits are _contingent_ debt obligations, MFGS is not required or
obliged to hold any money for a customer in relation to those Unrealised
Profits.

122 On the Forward Value, Vintage argues that it represents the “quantified
profit … following the closure of an open position”. As the profit
_crystallises_ upon close-out and becomes Forward Value, Vintage must be held
to be _entitled_ to money equivalent to the Forward Value. I note that
analogising from the approach in garnishee proceedings, it may be argued that
the Forward Value, being a certain future debt, is “accruing to” the creditor.
However, what would be “accruing to” would be a debt (which is _property_),
and not _money_. Drawing from the income tax cases discussed, it may be argued
that Vintage has done all that is necessary to be entitled to the Forward
Value. To answer that question, in the context of the tax cases, the court
clearly considered the _obligations_ between the parties to be relevant. Under
the contractual provisions, MFGS is not obliged to pay a customer the Forward
Value until the Value Date, when the Forward Value becomes due and payable.
Before the Value Date, Vintage could not have claimed payment of the Forward
Value. Insofar as Vintage did not have a right to receive actual money from
MFGS prior to the Value Date, it could not be said, in the words of Phang JA
in _ABD Pte Ltd_ , that _money_ had “accrued” or “come home” to Vintage at
that stage. Similarly, in _Fairview Development_ , the Court of Appeal held
that the _cause of action_ did not accrue until the sums were due and payable
(although the architect was already _entitled to be paid_).

123 Thus, I find that prior to the Value Date, there is no _money_ accruing to
Vintage, and any money placed by MFGS into the Customer Segregated Accounts to
cover the value of the Unrealised Profits and Forward Value does not fall
within the scope of the statutory trust under reg 21(1)(_a_) of the CTR.
Rather, consistent with reg 21(4) of the CTR, I accept the Liquidators’
position that this remained MFGS’ “residual financial interest” in the
Customer Segregated Accounts.

124 Vintage also relies on the fact that Vintage was entitled to use the
Unrealised Profits and Forward Value for trading purposes. Specifically, MFGS
would take into account any Unrealised Profits and Unrealised Losses in
computing whether Vintage’s margins were sufficient. Vintage thus argues that
those moneys accrued to Vintage. I find difficulty with this submission. It
appears to me that this only shows that MFGS allowed Vintage to use the value
of the _choses in action_ Vintage had against MFGS to engage in further
trades. However, this does not show that a statutory trust arises over MFGS’
_money_ which MFGS segregated to cover its obligations attributable to
Unrealised Profits and Forward Value arising from the Bullion transactions. On
this, I also refer to my discussion at [222]–[223] below.

125 Vintage submits that a distinction cannot be drawn between the Forward
Value and the Ledger Balance C/F as this would cause the protection afforded
by the CTA and CTR to depend on the contractual agreement between each
commodity broker and its customers. With respect, this argument is
misconceived. The CTA and CTR do not operate in a vacuum, and must be applied
to the context of each agreement. I agree with the Liquidators that the terms
and timing of settlement and payment are matters properly left for parties to
contract. Indeed, the requirement imposed on a commodity broker by reg
24(2)(_b_) of the CTR to state when he is acting as principal that he is doing
so in all contract confirmations, is recognition of the fact that different
rights and obligations will be generated when the broker acts as principal to
or agent for the customer.

126 Vintage also cites _In the matter of Lehman Brothers International
(Europe) (In Administration) and In the matter of the Insolvency Act 1986_
[2012] UKSC 6 (“ _Re Lehman Brothers_ ”) and _In Re MF Global Australia Ltd
(in liq)_ [2012] NSWSC 994 (“ _Re MF Global Australia_ ”) to show that
international practice leans in favour of protection of the investor. On this
basis, Vintage urges this court to hold that the Unrealised Profits and
Forward Value should be the subject-matter of a statutory trust under the CTA
and CTR. I do not derive much guidance from either decision as these cases
deal largely with jurisdiction-specific legislation. Also, it would be
mischaracterising the regime in Singapore to state that the CTA and CTR do not
protect investors should the Unrealised Profits and Forward Value fall outside
the ambit of the statutory trust imposed thereunder. Without the protection
afforded by the CTA and CTR, the margins and the Ledger Balance C/F would not
even be the subject of proprietary claims.

(6) Whether the Ledger Balance C/F (attributable to Bullion transactions) is
“money … accruing to a customer”

127 Although the parties did not contest that the Ledger Balance C/F in
respect of Bullion transactions is held on trust, it would nonetheless be
useful to complete the analysis. On the Value Date, MFGS is obliged to pay the
Forward Value due on that date to the customer. As I have explained above at
[53], where money is paid by crediting the customer’s Ledger Balance C/F,
absent any statutory or express trust, a customer would only have _in
personam_ rights to those funds as against MFGS.

128 In this scenario, the customer is vulnerable to misuse, misappropriation
or dissipation of those funds by the commodity broker. To address this, the
CTA and CTR confer additional protection on customers. Hence, where a customer
has a right to receive money _immediately_ from MFGS, and where this money is
paid by crediting sums to the Ledger Balance C/F and has not been actually
paid to the customer, this is _money_ which _accrues_ to the customer, and
which may be said to have “come home” to the customer. Therefore MFGS, by
virtue of reg 21(1)(_a_), holds money paid by crediting the Ledger Balance C/F
on trust for the customer.

129 Insofar as the payment by crediting the Ledger Balance C/F is accompanied
by the concomitant segregation of the equivalent value of funds into or within
the Customer Segregated Accounts, the customer has proprietary rights to the
value of such funds in the Customer Segregated Accounts. A question one might
have at this juncture is what the position would be if MFGS failed to
segregate the moneys into or within the Customer Segregated Accounts on the
Value Date despite having credited the Ledger Balance C/F. In my provisional
view, as the statutory trust arises on receipt or accrual of the money,
securities or property, a customer may assert proprietary rights if the money,
securities or property are identifiable. To that extent, segregation is a
useful and often necessary tool to ensure that customers’ rights are
adequately protected. For example, where MFGS receives money from a customer
as margin for commodity trades, the margins are protected upon MFGS’ _receipt_
by virtue of reg 21(1)(_a_) of the CTR. However, if MFGS fails to place the
margins (or equivalent funds) into the Customer Segregated Accounts, those
moneys may be dissipated or become unidentifiable. In such a case, the
customer may not be able to assert proprietary rights to those funds against
MFGS, although the customer may have a separate claim for breach of trust or
statutory duty. Nevertheless, this does not really arise for determination in
this case.

130 Save for the dispute over when payment by the crediting of the Forward
Value with a Value Date of 1 November 2011 occurred or should have occurred
(which will be discussed below as the Value Date issue), it is not in
contention that MFGS paid and credited moneys to its customers’ Ledger Balance
C/F, and segregated moneys accordingly in the Customer Segregated Accounts. A
statutory trust thus arises, by virtue of the provisions in the CTR, over such
funds in the Customer Segregated Accounts equivalent to the value of a
customer’s Ledger Balance C/F (attributable to Bullion transactions).

The LFX transactions

(1) Whether the SFA and the SFR apply to the LFX transactions

131 The long title of the SFA states that it is an Act “relating to the
regulation of activities and institutions in the securities, futures and
derivatives industry, including leveraged foreign exchange trading”. MFGS was
the holder of a CMS licence issued by MAS and was authorised, among other
things, to carry out leveraged foreign exchange trading. The SFA and the SFR
thus apply to the LFX transactions, which were leveraged foreign exchange
trading transactions. These matters are not disputed by the parties.

(2) The relevant provisions under the SFA and SFR

132 Division 2 of Part V of the SFA deals with “customer assets”. At the
material time, the relevant provisions in the SFA provided as follows:

**Interpretation of this Division**

**103A.** In this Division, unless the context otherwise requires, “money or
other assets” means money _received or retained by_ , or any other asset
deposited with, a holder of a capital markets services licence in the course
of its business _for which it is liable to account_ to its customer, and any
money or other assets _accruing therefrom_.

**Handling of customer assets**

**104.** —(1) A holder of a capital markets services licence shall, to the
extent that it _receives money or other assets from or on account of_ a
customer —

(_a_) do so on the basis that the money or other assets shall be applied
solely for such purpose as may be agreed to by the customer, when or before it
receives the money or other assets;

(_b_) pending such application, pay or deposit the money or other assets in
such manner as may be prescribed; and

(_c_) record and maintain a separate book entry for each customer in
accordance with the provisions of this Act in relation to that customer’s
money or other assets. [emphasis added]

It should be noted that s 104(1)(_a_) of the SFA was amended slightly in 2012,
but I am not concerned with the amended provision here.

133 Unlike the CTA, the SFA clearly provides that for the purposes of Part V
of the SFA, “customers” can include counterparties with whom a CMS licence
holder enters into transactions as principal (see s 2 of the SFA).
Parenthetically, I note that this lends weight to my interpretation of
“customer” under the CTA, as I am of the view that it is unlikely that the
protection under the CTA and SFA would differ in such a material aspect.

134 Section 104A of the SFA states that customer money and assets are not (i)
available to a CMS licence holder for payment of its debts or (ii) liable to
be paid or taken in execution under an order or process of any court, unless
provided for in Part V of the SFA or the applicable regulations, being the
SFR.

135 Pursuant to, _inter alia_ , s 104(2) of the SFA, regulations were made
under the SFR to govern the handling of “money or other assets” by a CMS
licence holder. Regulation 16 of the SFR states:

**Money received on account of customer**

**16.** —(1) The holder of a capital markets services licence —

(_a_) shall treat and deal with all _moneys received on account_ of its
customer _as belonging to that customer_ ;

(_b_) shall deposit all _moneys received on account_ of its customer in a
trust account or in any other account directed by the customer; and

(_c_) shall not commingle _moneys received on account_ of its customer with
other funds, or use the moneys as margin or guarantee for, or to secure any
transaction of, or to extend the credit of, any person other than the
customer.

(2) The holder shall deposit the money received _on account of_ its customer
in the trust account no later than the business day immediately following the
day on which the holder receives such money or is notified of the receipt of
such money, whichever is the later, unless the money has in the meantime been
paid to the customer or deposited in an account directed by the customer or
unless it is deposited in accordance with regulation 19 or invested in
accordance with regulation 20.

(3) In paragraph (2), “business day” means the business day of the holder or,
if the custodian with whom the trust account is maintained is closed for
business on that day and the holder is unable to deposit the money in the
account, the next business day of the custodian.

(4) Moneys received by the holder _on account of_ its customers may be
commingled and deposited in the same trust account.

136 Regulation 15(2) of the SFR then sets out what “money received on account”
means:

(2) For the purposes of this Part, a reference to money _received on account_
of a customer of the holder of a capital markets services licence includes —

(_a_) money _received from, or on account of_ , the customer in respect of a
sale or purchase of futures contract or a transaction connected with leveraged
foreign exchange trading;

…

(_e_) money _received from, or on account of_ , the customer for the purpose
of managing the customer’s funds; and

(_f_) money _received from, or on account of_ , the customer in the course of
the business of the holder,

but does not include —

(i) money which is to be used to reduce the amount owed by the customer to the
holder;

(ii) money which is to be paid to the customer or in accordance with the
customer’s written direction;

(iii) money which is to be used to defray the holder’s brokerage and other
proper charges; and

(iv) money which is to be paid to any other person entitled to the money.
[emphasis added]

137 Unlike the provisions under the CTA and CTR, the relevant obligations
imposed by the SFA and SFR do not explicitly refer to a requirement to
“segregate”. However, I am of the view that insofar as regs 16(1)(_b_) and
(_c_) state a CMS licence holder shall deposit “moneys received on account of
a customer” into a trust account and shall not commingle those moneys with its
own funds or use those moneys for cross-margining purposes, regs 16(1)(_b_)
and (_c_) of the SFR _in effect_ impose segregation obligations on a CMS
licence holder.

(3) The purpose and object of the statutory trust and the segregation
obligations in the SFA and SFR

138 In order to aid the analysis of the relevant provisions in the SFA and SFR
that follow, the history of the SFA and SFR and the object and purpose of
these provisions will be briefly examined.

139 The SFA was enacted as an omnibus Act in 2001 in an effort to consolidate
the provisions governing the securities and futures industry (_eg_ , the
Futures Trading Act (Cap 116) (“FTA”), the Securities Industry Act (Cap 289)
(“SIA”) and certain provisions in the Exchanges (Demutualisation and Merger)
Act (Cap 99B) and the Companies Act (Cap 50)) into a single licensing regime
which covered leveraged foreign exchange trading, among other activities.

140 Leveraged foreign exchange trading first came to be regulated under the
FTA in 1995. Section 37 of the FTA set out the obligations of brokers in a
manner similar to reg 16 of the SFR. Given the similarity of the provisions,
it would be useful to examine the underlying object and purpose of the
obligations as originally enacted in the FTA. In Parliament, the following was
stated (see _Singapore Parliamentary Reports, Official Report_ (31 March 1986)
vol 47 at cols 1431–1436 (Dr Hu Tsu Tau, Minister for Finance) at col
1435–1436):

_The conduct of business_

In the futures industry, the segregation of customers' funds plays a key role
in the protection of their interests. The Bill provides that the funds placed
by customers with their brokers for margin requirements must be separately
accounted for and not be comingled with those of the brokers. _This is to
prevent brokers from making use of their clients' funds for any other purpose
than for the benefit of the clients themselves._ [emphasis added]

141 The second main predecessor Act to the SFA was the SIA. Sections 103A and
104 of the SFA appear to be derived from s 64 of the SIA. On s 64 of the SIA,
the Minister stated (_Singapore Parliamentary Debates, Official Report_ (31
March 1986) vol 47 at cols 1440–1447 (Dr Hu Tsu Tau, Minister for Finance) at
col 1445):

Under the Bill, fund managers will be required to be licensed as investment
advisers so as to afford greater protection for investors. _An entire new
Division 2 in Part VII of the Bill_ [under which s 64 is found] _sets out the
basic requirements of fund managers which fund managers have to abide by, such
as the keeping of proper accounts. Clients' funds are also required to be kept
in separate trust accounts and are not to be commingled with those of the fund
manager nor to be used for purposes other than for the clients' benefit._
[emphasis added]

142 To the extent that the various provisions in the FTA and SIA relating to
customers’ moneys and assets have been consolidated and re-enacted in the SFA
or SFR, it is clear that the purpose and object behind these provisions is to
protect customers’ moneys in order to guard against the risk of dissipation,
misuse or misappropriation. With this in mind, I turn to consider whether the
Unrealised Profits and Forward Value fall within the Parliament’s intended
scope of protection.

(4) Whether the Unrealised Profits and Forward Value (attributable to LFX
transactions) are “money received on account of” a customer

(A) Parties’ submissions

143 The Liquidators submit that under s 103A of the SFA, what constitutes
“money or other assets” which the CMS licence holder is obliged to segregate
are moneys or other assets which it is “liable to account” to its customer
for. This, the Liquidators say, then depends on whether the moneys or assets
are beneficially owned by the customer.

144 The Liquidators take the position that a customer’s margins and Ledger
Balance C/F are moneys which MFGS is “liable to account” for. However, as the
Unrealised Profits and Forward Value were not due and payable to its customer,
there could be no underlying moneys to which a customer could have a
proprietary interest in unless and until these debt obligations were
discharged by payment into the Customer Segregated Accounts. Thus, there were
no physical moneys or assets which could have been beneficially owned by MFGS’
customers.

145 Vintage anchors its case on the basis that the funds segregated by MFGS to
cover the Unrealised Profits and Forward Value were moneys which MFGS held “on
account of” Vintage under s 104(1) of the SFA and reg 15(2)(_a_) of the SFR.
Since the segregation obligations under the SFA were enacted to protect
customers’ moneys, especially in the context of insolvency, both customers’
margins and the funds segregated to cover the Unrealised Profits and Forward
Value should be protected by being made the subject of a statutory trust. As
the phrase “received from” requires the CMS licence holder to segregate moneys
received as margins from customers, the phrase “on account of” should apply to
the Unrealised Profits and Forward Value.

146 Vintage also refers to the phrase “accruing therefrom” under s 103A of the
SFA. Similar to the submissions advanced in relation to the CTA, Vintage
argues that the phrase “any money or asset accruing therefrom” under s 103A
should be defined as being that which a party is entitled to after having done
all that is required of it to earn that sum but which was not yet due.

(B) Analysis and findings

147 The provisions in the SFA and SFR relating to customer moneys and assets
are not structured in an entirely straightforward manner. As stated, the
Liquidators construct their case largely on the definition of “money or other
assets” under s 103A of the SFA. The Liquidators argue that what a CMS licence
holder is obliged to segregate are moneys or other assets which it is “liable
to account to its customer” for, and in turn, that a CMS licence holder is
only “liable to account to its customer” for what the customer is beneficially
entitled to. I have considerable difficulties with this argument.

148 I refer to [95]–[96] above, where I have explained that the term “account”
possesses many meanings. Used as a noun, “account” may be defined as “a
detailed statement of the debits and credits between parties _to a contract or
to a fiduciary relationship_ ; a reckoning of monetary dealings” [emphasis
added] (see _Black’s Law Dictionary_ at p 20). When used as a verb, the term
“account for” may be defined as “to furnish a good reason or convincing
explanation for”, or “to render a reckoning of” (see _Black’s Law Dictionary_
at p 23). It appears to me that s 103A stipulates that Div 2 of Part V of the
SFA is concerned with the treatment of “money or other assets” for which a CMS
licence holder is to provide a proper explanation of to the customer.

149 In other words, s 103A of the SFA does not prescribe that the provisions
under Div 2 of Part V of the SFA apply _only_ to “money or other assets” that
are already being treated by the CMS licence holder as beneficially owned by
the customer without the aid of statutory intervention. Further, in and of
itself, s 103A of the SFA does not set out _what_ “money or other assets” a
CMS licence holder is in fact “liable to account” for. Thus, there is no basis
for the Liquidators to rely on s 103A to argue that the provisions in the SFA
and SFR only apply to “money or other assets” which belong beneficially to the
customer. Moreover, to my mind, this would run counter to the legislative
purpose behind these provisions, which is to confer protection on investors
and consumers (see [142] above). Little purpose would be served if Div 2 of
Part V is confined to trust property already protected by equity.

150 More importantly, s 103A does not introduce any substantive obligations on
CMS licence holders, which are to be found in other provisions, which I have
set out at [132]–[137] above. I now turn to these specific provisions. To
begin, it is useful to recap the wording of s 104 of the SFA:

**104.** —(1) A holder of a capital markets services licence shall, to the
extent that it _receives money or other assets from or on account of a
customer_ —

(_a_) do so on the basis that the **money or other assets** shall be applied
solely for such purpose as may be agreed to by the customer, when or before it
receives the **money or other assets** ;

(_b_) pending such application, pay or deposit the **money or other assets**
in such manner as may be prescribed; and

(_c_) record and maintain a separate book entry for each customer in
accordance with the provisions of this Act in relation to that customer’s
**money or other assets**.

(2) The Authority may … make regulations in respect of all or any of the
matters in this Division, including the handling of **money or other assets**
by a holder of a capital markets services licence.

[emphasis added in italics and in bold]

151 Plainly, the definition in s 103A does not lend itself to easy application
within s 104 of the SFA. For example, where the phrase “money or other assets”
is used within the larger phrase “receives money or other assets from or on
account of a customer”, such as in s 104(1) of the SFA (marked in italics
above), applying the definition in s 103A creates an overly tedious and
illogical reading of the provisions. In this regard, s 103A expressly states
that it does not apply where “the context otherwise requires”.

152 It should be noted that s 104(1) of the SFA did not originally include the
words “on account of”. Also, s 104, as enacted, contained a definition of
“money or other assets” in sub-section (3). In 2003, s 104(1) was amended to
include the words “on account of”. The definition originally found in s 104(3)
was also removed and re-enacted as the standalone section, _viz_ , the current
s 103A. Parliament explained that the amendment to include the words “on
account of” in s 104(1) was to clarify that “the section _also_ applies to
money or assets … received by a [CMS licence holder] on account of its
customers” [emphasis added] (see Explanatory Statement to the Securities and
Futures (Amendment) Bill (Bill No 15/2003)). Given that Parliament’s express
intention was to make clear that the provisions in s 104(1) apply to money or
assets received _on account of_ a customer _as well as_ money or assets
received _from_ a customer, the operative words in s 104 are whether money or
assets are _received_ by a CMS licence holder _from or on account of_ its
customers. Hence, where s 104(1)(_a_), (_b_) and (_c_) are concerned, the
phrase “money or other assets” in these sub-sections must be read with
reference to the overarching ambit of s 104(1) (_ie_ , money or other assets
received from or on account of a customer).

153 Under s 104(1) of the SFA, a broad level of protection is to be given to
customers in respect of these money and assets which a CMS licence holder
receives from or on account of a customer. However, under s 104(2) read with s
103A of the SFA, MAS also has the power to make rules concerning the handling
of “money or other assets”. In fact, the bulk of protection is to be found in
the SFR.

154 Under the SFR, different classes of assets are treated differently and
given different protection. More specifically, money is treated differently
from other forms of assets. Div 2 of Part III of the SFR sets out the
regulations which apply to “customer’s moneys”, while Div 3 of Part III of the
SFR concerns other assets to the exclusion of money. It is not disputed that
we are only concerned with “customer’s moneys” in the present case.

155 In this regard, the main provisions that confer protection over customer’s
moneys are regs 15 and 16 of the SFR (reproduced at [135]–[136] above). In my
view, it is reg 16(1)(_a_) of the SFR which _specifically_ creates or imposes
a statutory trust. Similar to reg 21(1)(_a_) of the CTR, reg 16(1)(_a_) of the
SFR requires CMS licence holders to treat and deal with “all moneys received
on account of its customer” _as belonging to that customer_. As I have
explained above in the context of the CTR (see [78] above), the effect of the
language of reg 16(1)(_a_), read with Parliament’s intention to protect
customers’ moneys, is to create or impose a statutory trust over certain
moneys by effectively stipulating that those moneys belong beneficially to the
customer. This is also consistent with s 104A of the SFA, which prohibits a
CMS licence holder from using these moneys beneficially in the course of its
business. Regulation 16(1)(_a_) defines the property to which the trust
attaches to as being “all moneys received [by a CMS licence holder] on account
of its customer”. The further requirement to segregate the moneys is then
found in reg 16(1)(_b_), and the prohibition against commingling the moneys or
using it for cross-margining purposes in reg 16(1)(_c_). Here, I would point
out that a precondition to the operation of reg 16(1) is that the money is
held by the CMS licence holder. Indeed, the use of the phrase “ _received_ on
account of” [emphasis added] in reg 16(1) presupposes that money is in the CMS
licence holder’s hands.

156 Reg 15(2)(_a_) then specifies that “money received on account of a
customer” of a CMS licence holder includes “money _received from, or on
account of_ , the customer in respect of … a transaction connected with
leveraged foreign exchange trading” [emphasis added] (_ie_ , the LFX
transactions). Thus, where the LFX transactions are concerned, the statutory
trust is created by reg 16(1)(_a_) read with reg 15(2)(_a_) of the CTR over
(i) money received from a customer in respect of a transaction connected with
leveraged foreign exchange trading (limb (i) of the LFX trust) and (ii) money
received on account of a customer in respect of a transaction connected with
leveraged foreign exchange trading (limb (ii) of the LFX trust). Moneys which
a customer places with MFGS as collateral or margins for LFX transactions are
clearly _moneys received from_ the customer (within limb (i) of the LFX
trust), and MFGS, by virtue of reg 16(1)(_a_) holds the moneys on trust for
the customer and is only allowed to use such moneys for the purposes provided
by reg 21 of the SFR. Once again, this affords more protection over a
customer’s margins than a customer would otherwise have under the terms of the
MTA alone (see cl A6.8 of the MTA at [45] above).

157 I pause to note that the phrase “received from, or on account of, the
customer” in reg 15(2)(_a_) echoes the operative words of s 104(1) of the SFA
(“receives money or other assets from or on account of a customer”). The issue
to be considered is whether the money segregated to cover the Unrealised
Profits, Forward Value and Ledger Balance C/F is “money received from, or on
account of” the LFX customers, and therefore falls within the protection of
the statutory trust under reg 16(1)(_a_) of the SFR. As I have set out in [96]
above, the _Oxford English Dictionary_ defines “on account of” as “in
consideration of, for the sake of, by reason of, because of”. Taken together,
I am of the view that reg 16(1)(_a_) and reg 15(2) of the SFR provide that a
statutory trust arises over any money a CMS licence holder receives _from_ or
receives _for_ its customer.

158 In my view, the LFX customers’ Unrealised Profits and Forward Value _do
not_ fall within Parliament’s intended scope of protection, and therefore of
the statutory trust. To reiterate, the Unrealised Profits and Forward Value
were choses in action against MFGS which vested in the LFX customers at all
times. There was _no underlying money_ which MFGS could receive _from_ its
customer or _for_ its customer in either instance. Before a trade was closed-
out, a customer only had a contingent claim, and was not entitled to receive
any money. MFGS was also not obliged to pay any money, as no obligation to pay
had yet arisen. Even after a trade was closed-out and a Forward Value arose,
MFGS’ obligation to pay those moneys, only materialised on the relevant Value
Date.

159 Does the fact that MFGS segregated moneys amounting to the value of its
obligation to the LFX customers in respect of the Unrealised Profits and
Forward Value change the above analysis? In my opinion, it does not. These
moneys were not placed by MFGS into the Customer Segregated Accounts to the
credit of each customer’s respective account. Rather, these moneys, in
accordance with reg 23 of the SFR, formed MFGS’ “residual financial interest”
in the Customer Segregated Accounts. Until MFGS’ payment obligation arrived on
the Value Date, and MFGS paid the money to the account and credit of its
customer, these moneys properly remained MFGS’ own funds to which no LFX
customer could have a proprietary interest. These segregated moneys thus did
not fall within the scope of the statutory trust imposed by reg 16(1)(_a_) of
the SFR.

160 Vintage also argues that in interpreting whether the Unrealised Profits
and Forward Value are received “on account of” the LFX customers, regard
should be had to s 103A of the SFA which defines “money or other assets”, and
in particular, the phrase “accruing therefrom” within the section. Vintage
does not deal with _where_ the money or assets accrue _from_ , but in line
with its submission on the Bullion transactions (see [103] above), submits
that the phrase should be defined as being that which a party is _entitled to_
after having done all that is required of it to earn that sum but which was
not yet due or received. Vintage also does not submit on how s 103A
interrelates with s 104 of the SFA and regs 15 and 16 of the SFR. As
explained, s 103A does not create or impose a statutory trust. Hence, even if
I accept Vintage’s proposed interpretation of the term “accruing”, Vintage
must still show that such funds fall within the scope of the statutory trust
imposed by reg 16(1)(_a_) of the SFR, _ie_ , the Unrealised Profits and
Forward Value must be shown to be money _received_ by MFGS _on account of_
Vintage. For the reasons given above, the Unrealised Profits and Forward Value
are not moneys received by MFGS _for_ Vintage.

(5) Whether the Ledger Balance C/F (attributable to LFX transactions) is
“money received on account of” a customer

161 Parties have accepted that the Ledger Balance C/F is held by MFGS on trust
under the SFA and SFR for the LFX customers. For completeness, I briefly set
out why I agree that the sum representing the Ledger Balance C/F is money
which MFGS _received for_ (_ie_ , on account of) its customers under reg
16(1)(_a_) of the SFR.

162 Vintage points out that if money must actually be _received_ by MFGS, then
the Ledger Balance C/F does not fall within the ambit of the statutory trust
as this is money which was “paid or credited to Vintage after the relevant
Value Date”, and not actually received by MFGS. In my view, given that the
purpose of these provisions is to protect customer’s funds (see [142] above),
the meaning of “received” must not be read so narrowly as to require a
separate counterparty. Here, I also highlight Scott LJ’s analysis in _Mac-
Jordan_ where he stated that the defendant’s obligation under the contract was
to pay itself as trustee (see [64] above).

163 On the Value Date, MFGS is obliged to discharge its debt obligation to its
customers under the terms of the MTA. MFGS is therefore required, by the terms
of its contract with its customers, to _pay_ the debt which is due and payable
on that date. In order to discharge this obligation, MFGS could receive the
money on the customer’s behalf. This receipt occurs when MFGS credits a
customer’s Ledger Balance C/F with the Forward Value due on that date. The
payment received from MFGS (as principal-payor) by MFGS (as payee on its
customers’ behalf) is money received _on account of_ its customers and
therefore subject to the statutory trust. This is largely in line with the
discussion on the Bullion transactions above at [128].

164 Regulations 15(2)(ii) and 16(2) (set out above at [135]–[136]) support
this position. The effect of regs 15(2)(ii) and 16(2) is that moneys _paid to
the customer_ do not form moneys received on account of the customer and do
not have to be paid into the trust account by the next business day after
receipt of the money. The corollary of this is that if the moneys which ought
to be paid are _not_ paid to the customer, they should be “received on account
of” the customer and deposited into a trust account on the next business day.
On the Value Date, MFGS was obliged to pay its customers the realised profits
from the close-out of the LFX transactions. To the extent that MFGS credited
funds to the Ledger Balance C/F on the Value Date and did not pay the
customers these moneys directly, I find that these are moneys which are
received by MFGS on account of its customers. The amount standing in the
Ledger Balance C/F is thus held on statutory trust by MFGS for the benefit of
the LFX customers under reg 16(1)(_a_) of the SFR. There is a dispute over the
amount that should stand in the Ledger Balance C/F, which will be covered in
the discussion of the Value Date issue.

Conclusion on the Statutory Trust issue

165 In conclusion, I find that the SFA, SFR, CTA and CTR _do not_ require MFGS
to hold the segregated funds amounting to the value of the Unrealised Profits
and Forward Value attributable to the LFX and Bullion transactions on trust
for the LFX and Bullion customers.

The Express Trust issue

Parties’ submissions

166 In order to assert a proprietary right to the moneys in the Customer
Segregated Accounts amounting to the value of the Unrealised Profits and
Forward Value, Vintage argues, in the alternative, that MFGS has declared an
express trust over these funds.

167 In this respect, Vintage’s case is that MFGS _thought_ that it was
required by law to segregate and hold the moneys on trust, and accordingly did
so. Vintage submits that there is ample evidence which shows that prior to
winding up, MFGS held moneys representing the Unrealised Profits and Forward
Value as if they belonged to the LFX and Bullion customers. In the
circumstances, an express trust can be inferred from MFGS’ conduct in the
ordinary course of business. Such conduct included the following:

(a) MFGS did not declare the Unrealised Profits and Forward Value of the LFX
and Bullion customers as its liabilities and did not declare the money it
segregated to cover the Unrealised Profits and Forward Value as its assets in
its audited financial statements. In fact, in 2009 and 2010, the financial
statements used the words “held in trust” to describe the money MFGS
segregated to cover, _inter alia_ , the LFX and Bullion customers’ Unrealised
Profits and Forward Value.

(b) MFGS ensured on a daily basis, through the Seg Fund Statements, that
sufficient money was segregated to cover, _inter alia_ , the substantial
Unrealised Profits and Forward Value of the LFX and Bullion customers. MFGS
also calculated, through the Seg Fund Statements, its “residual financial
interest” in the segregated funds, which did not include the Unrealised
Profits and Forward Value of the LFX and Bullion customers.

(c) Vintage had the ability to withdraw sums in excess of its Ledger Balance
C/F. This shows that MFGS considered that the Unrealised Profits and Forward
Value were Vintage’s proprietary moneys as of right, and therefore capable of
withdrawal.

(d) MFGS’ directors and the Liquidators had previously taken the position that
the Unrealised Profits and Forward Value from the LFX and Bullion transactions
are segregated and trust moneys of Vintage.

168 Vintage also submits in the alternative that by cl A15.1 of the MTA (see
above at [44]) MFGS expressly declared a trust in writing.

169 The Liquidators accept that MFGS had taken into account the quantum of the
Unrealised Profits and Forward Value in ascertaining the sufficiency of the
segregated funds maintained. However, their position is that MFGS did not
intend to create a trust over its own money for the benefit of the LFX and
Bullion customers in anticipation of meeting its obligations relating to the
Unrealised Profits or Forward Value. The Liquidators say that there is no
evidence of such an intention, which runs against commercial logic. Rather,
they say that MFGS did so for “internal risk management” purposes, and to
ensure that there was an adequate “operational float” in the Customer
Segregated Accounts. In the alternative, the Liquidators submit that _if_ this
court finds that MFGS held the money in its Customer Segregated Accounts on
trust to satisfy its Unrealised Profits and Forward Value obligations, the
court should nonetheless exercise its equitable jurisdiction to set aside this
trust on the ground of MFGS’ mistake.

The applicable legal principles

170 It is settled law that in order for an express trust to arise, the three
certainties being the certainty of intention, certainty of subject matter and
certainty of objects must be present.

171 The first certainty required is the certainty of intention. It must be
clear that the settlor intended to create a trust, and subject the trust
property to trust obligations, rather than do an act or impose obligations
that are not trust obligations. As stated in _Snell’s Equity_ (John McGhee QC
gen ed) (Sweet & Maxwell, 32nd Ed, 2010) (“ _Snell’s Equity_ ”) at para
22–013, this intention must be clear on two levels: first, the trustee’s
duties must be intended to be legally enforceable and not merely social or
moral obligations, and second, that the relationship is to involve trust
duties, as opposed to other forms of relationships, such as a debtor and
creditor relationship.

172 The easiest way to prove such an intention is where the trust is declared
in writing through a trust instrument. However, trust instruments are not
necessary in order to prove the certainty of intention. Courts have often
found the certainty of intention to be satisfied, even in the context of
insolvency, where no trust instrument existed (see, _eg_ , _In re Kayford Ltd_
[1975] 1 WLR 279). Thus, an intention to create a trust may be inferred by
examining evidence of the alleged settlor’s words and conduct as well as the
circumstances surrounding the alleged express trust, and through the
interpretations of any agreements that the parties might have entered into
(see _Guy Neale and others v Nine Squares Pty Ltd_ [2015] 1 SLR 1097 at [58]).

173 The commercial context must also not be overlooked. As stated by the Court
of Appeal in _Hinckley Singapore Trading Pte Ltd v Sogo Department Stores (S)
Pte Ltd (under judicial management)_ [2001] 3 SLR(R) 119 (“ _Sogo Department
Stores_ ”) at [33]:

The ultimate question to decide is whether, in the light of the terms of the
agreement, as exemplified by the actual arrangement, there was an intention to
create a trust. No general rule may be laid down in this regard. _In a case
where there is no express term in the agreement on the question of trust,
whether the equitable rules would be implied would depend on_** _what may
correctly be inferred to be the expectations of the parties in the light of
the commercial context_**. … [emphasis added in italics and in bold italics]

174 Generally, courts are disinclined toward finding a trust relationship in
everyday commercial transactions (see _Neste Oy v Lloyds Bank PLC_ [1983] 2
Lloyd’s Rep 658 at 665). What is necessary is that there “must be _clear
evidence_ from what is said or done of an intention to create a trust”
[emphasis added], being “an intention to dispose of a property or a fund so
that somebody else to the exclusion of the disponent acquires the beneficial
interest in it” (see _Paul v Constance_ [1977] 1 WLR 527 at 531). In the
context of insolvency, this is all the more crucial (_Snell’s Equity_ at para
22–015):

… The imposition of a trust, without _strong evidence_ of an intention to
declare one, would upset the usual proportionate distribution of assets in
insolvency. … [emphasis added]

175 In this regard, the mere segregation of money is not conclusive of the
intention to create a trust. The United Kingdom Supreme Court considered, in
the case of _Re Lehman Brothers_ , the importance of segregation of client’s
moneys. Lord Hope stated (at [2]):

Under English law the mere segregation of money into separate bank accounts is
not sufficient to establish a proprietary interest in those funds in anyone
other than the account holder. A declaration of trust over the balances
standing to the credit of the segregated accounts is needed to protect those
funds in the event of the firm’s insolvency. Segregation on its own is not
enough to provide that protection. …

This point was also echoed by Lord Collins (at [186]):

… under English law mere segregation of funds was not enough to protect those
funds from the firm’s creditors in the event of its insolvency, and investors’
money could be safeguarded by segregation only if it was segregated in such a
way that ownership remained with them, ie under a trust …

176 In my judgment, the principle stated by Lord Hope and Lord Collins above
applies equally under Singapore law. Thus, the mere segregation of money _per
se_ is insufficient to prove an intention on the part of the alleged settlor
to create a trust over the segregated funds. Clear and strong evidence must be
shown that the alleged settlor _intended_ to hold these sums on trust for the
benefit of another.

177 The second certainty is the certainty of subject matter. What this
requires is that the assets which are to be the subject of the trust are
identifiable and clearly defined. The beneficiary’s interest in the subject
matter should also be sufficiently certain so that the trust may be executed
in accordance with the settlor’s intentions. It is here that the segregation
of the trust assets may play an important role in identifying the specific
assets over which the trust arises. Oliver J stated the traditional position
in _Re London Wine Co (Shipper)_ [1986] PCC 121:

I appreciate the point taken that the subject matter is part of a homogenous
mass so that specific identity is of as little importance as it is, for
instance, in the case of money. Nevertheless, as it seems to me, _to create a
trust it must be possible to ascertain with certainty not only what the
interest of the beneficiary is to be but to what property it is to attach._
[emphasis added]

178 The last certainty required is the certainty of objects. This means that
the objects of the trust must also be clearly defined so as to enable the
trustees to execute the trust in accordance with the settlor’s intention.

179 The main dispute between the parties which requires an examination of the
factual matrix and documentary evidence is with respect to the certainty of
intention, _viz_ , whether there is clear and strong evidence that MFGS
intended to create a trust in favour of the LFX and Bullion customers.

Analysis and findings

180 Vintage’s alternative argument, being its reliance on cl A15.1 of the MTA,
may be briefly dealt with first. It is clear, in my judgment, that there was
no agreement between MFGS and its customers as to how or in what manner the
Unrealised Profits or Forward Value were to be held or applied. Vintage’s
reliance on cl A15.1 as being an express declaration of trust in writing, with
respect, is untenable. Clause A15.1 of the MTA, the substance of which is set
out at [44] above, merely states that MFGS shall place “Customer’s funds and
assets” into a trust account. It also stipulates that customer’s funds and
assets are to be kept separate from MFGS’ funds and assets. Hence, cl A15.1
only deals with the manner in which MFGS may deal with “Customer’s funds and
assets” but does not indicate whether the Unrealised Profits and Forward Value
would fall within such “funds and assets”. It is unhelpful for Vintage to
assert that this court should interpret “funds and assets” as covering the
Unrealised Profits and Forward Value without more.

181 In the absence of an express declaration of trust, and in the context of
MFGS’ winding up, what must be shown in order to ground an intention to create
an express trust is _clear and strong evidence_ of a course of conduct or the
presence of circumstances from which it can be inferred that the settlor-
trustee treated the property as if it were beneficially owned by the
beneficiaries.

182 During oral submissions, Mr Thio urged me to be cautious when dealing with
aspects of Mr Yap’s affidavits that purported to set out the “intentions” of
MFGS because Mr Yap’s evidence in this respect was hearsay and contravened O
41 r 5 of the Rules of Court. Mr Thio points out that although a number of
MFGS’ former directors were in Singapore at the time of the hearing, no
affidavits were filed by the former directors, who were the persons best
placed to give evidence on MFGS’ intentions at the material time the
transactions were carried out. However, Mr Thio accepts that where documentary
evidence exists, the documents speak for themselves.

183 It is true that this court has not had the benefit of evidence from any of
the former directors or employees of MFGS. I accept that Mr Yap’s evidence on
the true intentions of MFGS is not conclusive. In any event, evidence of MFGS’
intentions in segregating the amounts, even if given by a former director of
the company, would not have been conclusive. It is the court’s task to
ascertain from all the evidence, especially the documentary and undisputed
evidence, whether MFGS had, at the material time, intended to create an
express trust over moneys equivalent to the Unrealised Profits and Forward
Value.

184 Before turning to consider Vintage’s arguments in further detail, an
important distinction must be highlighted. An intention to hold moneys or
property _as required by the applicable laws and regulations_ may not be the
same as an intention to create a trust _in the general law of equity_. As I
have stated at [70]–[71] above, a statutory trust may not bear the full
indicia of a trust recognised by law apart from statute. Hence, the mere fact
that MFGS might have mistakenly believed that it had certain obligations under
statute which it accordingly sought to discharge did not _ipso facto_ mean
that MFGS had equally intended for an express trust to arise under the
normally applicable equitable principles. In my view, even if some of the
evidence Vintage put forth coheres with the theory that MFGS intended to hold
the moneys as it believed it was required to under the applicable statutes and
regulations, the evidence does not go so far as to show that MFGS intended to
be an _express trustee_ of the moneys equivalent to the Unrealised Profits and
Forward Value on the LFX and Bullion customers’ behalf.

185 In this regard, two important facts stand out. First, MFGS commingled its
own money with funds which Vintage alleges are held on trust for customers;
and second, MFGS commingled funds between customers. To my mind, both these
facts show that MFGS was acting in accordance with the provisions of the CTR
and SFR. Although reg 21(1) of the CTR and reg 16(1)(_c_) of the SFR do not
allow MFGS to commingle customer’s funds with its own funds or any other
funds, an exception to this general rule may be found in reg 21(4) of the CTR
and reg 23(1)(_a_) of the SFR. The exceptions allow a commodity broker or CMS
licence holder respectively to advance its own funds to customer trust
accounts (in MFGS’ case, the Customer Segregated Accounts) in order to prevent
the accounts from becoming under-margined, cross-margined or under-funded.

186 Regulation 23(1)(_b_) of the SFR also allows a CMS licence holder to
advance its own funds to the trust accounts to ensure the continued
maintenance of that account with a financial institution or custodian as the
case may be. Section 30(4) of the CTA and reg 24 of the SFR then preserves the
commodity broker’s or CMS licence holder’s “lawful claim or lien” to those
funds. Where a commodity broker’s or CMS licence holder’s own funds have been
advanced to customer trust accounts, reg 21(3)(_d_) of the CTR and reg 21(_e_)
of the SFR permits the commodity broker or CMS licence holder to reimburse
itself the moneys which it has advanced into the trust accounts. Such funds
have been referred to above as MFGS’ “residual financial interest”.

187 Similarly, reg 21(2) of the CTR and reg 16(4) of the SFR allow commodity
brokers and CMS licence holders to commingle moneys as between customers.
While cl A15.1 of the MTA provides that the customer’s “funds and assets … may
be held commingled with excess funds or assets of other Customers _in
accordance with Applicable Laws_ ”, it also stipulates that “MFGS shall keep
all funds and other assets held by MFGS on trust for the Customer _separate
from_ the funds and assets of MFGS” [emphasis added]. In commingling its own
money with funds which MFGS held on trust for its customers in the Customer
Segregated Accounts, and commingling funds between customers, MFGS was acting
within the perimeters of the CTR and SFR, but was in fact in breach of cl
A15.1 in relation to co-mingling of its own funds.

188 The fact that MFGS commingled its own funds with what Vintage alleges are
funds held on express trust militates against a finding that MFGS intended to
hold moneys equivalent to the Unrealised Profits and Forward Value on express
trust for the LFX and Bullion customers. Channell J articulated the applicable
principles in _Henry v Hammond_ [1913] 2 KB 515 (“ _Henry v Hammond_ ”) at
521, which was cited with approval by the Court of Appeal in _Sogo Department
Stores_ at [18]:

It is clear that if the terms upon which the person receives the money are
that he is bound to keep it separate, either in a bank or elsewhere, and to
hand that money so kept as a separate fund to the person entitled to it, then
he is a trustee of that money and must hand it over to the person who is his
_cestui que trust_. If on the other hand _he is not bound to keep the money
separate_ , but is _entitled to mix it with his own money_ and deal with it as
he pleases, and when called upon to hand over an equivalent sum of money,
then, in my opinion, he is not a trustee of the money, but merely a debtor.
[emphasis added]

189 The Court of Appeal in _Sogo Department Stores_ continued (at [22]):

… it is clear that where under an arrangement there is no prohibition against
the mixing of funds by the agent, that is a very significant consideration in
the overall determination of the question whether there is a trust. In the
absence of an express term creating a trust, the maintenance of a separate
account by the agent is crucial to constituting the money as trust money: see
_Re Nanwa Gold Mines Ltd_ … and _Re Kayford Ltd_ … . Here we are reminded of
the words of Slade J in _Re Bond Worth Ltd_ … :

... where an alleged trustee has the right to mix tangible assets or moneys
with his own other assets or moneys and to deal with them as he pleases, this
is incompatible with the existence of a presently subsisting fiduciary
relationship in regard to such particular assets or moneys.

190 The statement of principle in _Henry v Hammond_ and the Court of Appeal’s
analysis in _Sogo Department Stores_ shows that in searching for the presence
of an intention to create an express trust in the absence of any express
declaration, the general position is that the maintenance of a separate
account with a prohibition (whether express or implied) against mixing lends
much weight to the finding of an intention to create a trust. This is because
such conduct shows that the legal holder of the money is not to have free
disposal of it, which is consistent with an intention to confer beneficial
ownership of the money on another. To the extent that cl A15.1 prohibited the
mixing of MFGS’ assets and funds with those it held on trust, this shows that
MFGS too recognised this principle. I also note that the mixing of a trustee’s
own funds with those he holds on trust for a beneficiary, and the mixing of
funds between beneficiaries, may also lead to further issues in the
identification of property through the tracing process (see for example the
discussion in _Barlow Clowes International Ltd (in liq) and others v Vaughan
and others_ [1992] 4 All ER 22 at 35–36 on the different methods of tracing
through bank accounts). Thus in the normal course, the mixing of alleged trust
funds between “beneficiaries” and with the “trustee’s” own funds is, in the
absence of an express declaration of trust, likely to negative a finding of an
intention to create a trust.

191 I will now deal specifically with the various pieces of evidence which
Vintage uses to show that MFGS intended to hold the moneys equivalent to the
Unrealised Profits and Forward Value on trust for the LFX and Bullion
customers, before showing, on the whole, why MFGS’ intention to create an
express trust for the benefit of the LFX and Bullion customers in respect of
the Unrealised Profits and Forward Value has been insufficiently proven.

(1) MFGS’ audited financial statements

192 Vintage relies on MFGS’ audited financial statements for the years ended
31 March 2009, 31 March 2010 and 31 March 2011 (“AFS 2009”, “AFS 2010” and
“AFS 2011” respectively) to support its case that MFGS intended to hold moneys
equivalent to the Unrealised Profits and Forward Value on express trust for
the LFX and Bullion customers.

193 In order to aid the subsequent discussion, pertinent portions of the
financial statements will be reproduced here. The “Current assets” section of
AFS 2011 stated:

|  Note |  2011 US$  
---|---|---  
**ASSETS** |  |   
**Current assets** |  |   
Cash and bank balances |  9 |  15,928,655  
Amount segregated for customers |  9, 11 |  29,051,154  
… |  |  …  
|  |  120,261,902  
  
  

194 As can be seen above, there is a cross-reference under the “Amount
segregated for customers” in AFS 2011 to Note 9 and Note 11 of the financial
statements. Note 9 is titled “Cash and cash equivalents” and the following
table is set out under it:

|  |  **2011** **US$**  
---|---|---  
Cash and bank balances |  |  **15,928,655**  
Amount segregated for customers |  (Note 11) |  **29,051,154**  
Cash and cash equivalents per statement of cash flows |  |  **44,979,809**  
  
  

195 Note 11 is titled “Clients’ segregated funds”, and sets out the following
table:

|  |  **2011** **US$**  
---|---|---  
_Customer segregated assets_ |  |   
\- Margin deposits with brokers |  |  **278,301,541**  
\- Margin deposits with SGX-DC |  |  **82,902,494**  
\- Bank balances |  |  **372,159,342**  
|  |  **733,363,377**  
Less: _Company’s assets segregated for customers_ |  **_(29,051,154)_**  
|  **704,312,223**  
[emphasis added in underline] |   
  
  

196 As the above tables demonstrate, in AFS 2011, MFGS only declared the
figure of US$29,051,154 as its assets under “amount segregated for customers”
on its balance sheet. The location of this US$29m may be found under MFGS’
“customer segregated assets”, as Note 11 reveals. Note 11 also shows that MFGS
did not declare on its balance sheet the additional sum of US$704,312,223,
which it instead parked as “customer segregated assets”. Vintage submits that
MFGS accounted for the LFX and Bullion customers’ Unrealised Profits and
Forward Value under the “customer segregated assets”, which the Liquidators
have not disputed. Although it is not set out above, I should also mention
that MFGS did not declare the Unrealised Profits and Forward Value of its
customers under the “Liabilities” portion of its balance sheet in AFS 2009,
2010 and 2011.

197 In AFS 2009 and 2010, the balance sheet contained a further section titled
“Clients’ segregated accounts”. This section in AFS 2010 is reproduced below:

|  Note |  2010 US$  
---|---|---  
… |  |   
**Clients’ segregated accounts** |  |   
Clients’ segregated funds |  12 |  643,254,368  
Less: _Amounts_** _held in trust_** _in respect of clients_ |  22 |  (643,254,368)  
[emphasis added in italics and bold italics]  
  
  

Except for the amounts in question, this section in AFS 2009 is materially
similar.

198 Vintage submits that if the directors and auditors of MFGS considered that
the moneys segregated to cover the LFX and Bullion customers’ Unrealised
Profits and Forward Value were MFGS’ own, these would have been declared under
the “Assets” portion of the balance sheet. Correspondingly, if the directors
and auditors believed that the Unrealised Profits and Forward Value of the LFX
and Bullion customers were unsecured debts, they would have also declared this
under the “Liabilities” portion of the balance sheet, which they did not do.
Vintage also relies on the fact that the balance sheet of AFS 2009 and 2010
stated that the segregated funds were “amounts held _in trust_ in respect of
clients” [emphasis added]. Vintage submits that the only reasonable
explanation for failing to account for these items on MFGS’ balance sheet and
for stating that the amounts were held _in trust_ in AFS 2009 and 2010 was
because the directors and auditors of MFGS considered that these moneys
belonged to the LFX and Bullion customers.

199 The Liquidators submit that when AFS 2009, 2010 and 2011 are read together
with the Seg Fund Statements, the financial statements are consistent with the
position that the amounts corresponding to the Unrealised Profits and Forward
Value were reflected off-balance sheet as part of MFGS’ “notional accounting
exercise to ensure sufficiency of liquidity and to ensure an adequate
operational float”. MFGS had treated all its liabilities to customers as a
“global sum without stratification”, regardless of whether these amounts were
held on trust for each respective class of customers. According to the
Liquidators, this “global treatment” meant that the aggregate sum was
considered off-balance sheet, with the necessary disclosures made in the
financial statements. However, the fact that MFGS did so could not constitute
evidence that MFGS considered that the Unrealised Profits and Forward Value
were proprietary moneys belonging to the LFX and Bullion customers.

200 While Vintage points out that audited financial statements should reflect
the true state of affairs of a company, neither Vintage nor the Liquidators
make submissions on any specific accounting conventions as to when assets and
liabilities of a company may be held off-balance sheet, and what this might
entail. In the circumstances, I proceed on the assumption that the accounting
conventions do not dictate any particular conclusion and apply the legal
principles accordingly.

201 The essential question to be answered is whether MFGS’ conduct in
excluding these segregated funds from its balance sheet in AFS 2009, 2010 and
2011 is evidence of an intention to hold the same on _express_ trust for the
benefit of the LFX and Bullion customers. It may be recalled that in order to
show the requisite certainty of intention, it must be shown clearly and
strongly that MFGS intended to create _legally enforceable trust duties_ ,
which are fiduciary in nature. In essence, Vintage must show that MFGS
intended the LFX and Bullion customers to have _beneficial ownership_ of the
segregated funds.

202 In _Re English & American Insurance Co Ltd_ [1994] 1 BCLC 649, Harman J
held that sums received by an insurance company in connection with the
insurance coverage provided to the members of the Structural Engineers’
Professional Indemnity Association Ltd were held on trust for the
association’s members even though such funds had been included as part of the
company’s balance sheet. Clause 4 of the agreement between the parties stated:

The company agrees that all sums received by the company in respect of
specified insurance business and all assets and reserves relating to the
specified insurance business shall be segregated from all other income, assets
and reserves of the company and shall be applied solely for the purposes of
the specified insurance business and similarly all debts and liabilities shall
be segregated from the debts and liabilities relating to all other business of
the company.

203 Harman J cited the principle set out in _Henry v Hammond_ (quoted at [188]
above), and held that on that basis, cl 4 of the agreement was a term which
equity would classify as creating a trust relationship (at 651). Thus, the
subsequent conduct of the company in including the funds on its balance sheet
could not prevail against “the clear evidence of the earlier intention and
constitution of the fund as a trust fund” (at 653). In other words, how funds
are accounted for on the balance sheet is not necessarily conclusive of their
legal character.

204 During oral submissions, Mr Thio accepted that the fact that amounts were
not reflected on MFGS’ balance sheet did not conclusively mean that they were
the beneficial property of MFGS’ customers, but submitted that it took the
parties to “match point”, and that the presence of other sources of evidence
such as the Seg Fund Statements, MFGS’ treatment of the Unrealised Profits and
Forward Value in the Daily FX Activity Statements, and the Liquidators’
alleged admissions won the match for Vintage.

205 In my judgment, both the Liquidators and Vintage are right to accept that
the fact that sums were held off-balance sheet did not inevitably lead to the
conclusion that those moneys were intended to be held on express trust for the
LFX and Bullion customers. An equally plausible conclusion is that MFGS
segregated its own money in order to ensure sufficient liquidity to meet its
contingent and future debt obligations, _viz_ , the Unrealised Profits and
Forward Value. While MFGS might have, _from an accounting perspective_ ,
considered that it was not free to deal with these segregated moneys which it
had set aside as a prudential measure to ensure that funds would be available
to satisfy its debt obligations as and when they fell due, it did not
necessarily follow that MFGS intended its customers to have a _legally
enforceable_ beneficial interest in the same, with the accompanying fiduciary
obligations on its part.

206 That being said, did this fact nonetheless take parties to “match point”?
With respect, I do not think so. In the first instance, I find it significant
that the “amounts held in trust in respect of clients”, an item which was
present in both AFS 2009 and 2010 (see [197] above), was left out of AFS 2011.
AFS 2011, being MFGS’ most recent financial statement, is the statement most
relevant in ascertaining MFGS’ intention in respect of the funds Vintage
asserts are held by MFGS on express trust for it. The fact that the phrase was
left out of AFS 2011 strengthens the Liquidators’ case that the fact of
segregation did not mean that the amounts are being held on trust.

207 Also, the audited financial statements clearly show that MFGS placed its
own assets in the funds it segregated for clients (see Note 11 to AFS 2011,
reproduced at [195] above). For the reasons I have given at [184]–[190] above,
this is an important fact which militates against any finding of intention on
MFGS’ part to create a trust over amounts equivalent to the LFX and Bullion
customers’ Unrealised Profits and Forward Value. Although MFGS did designate
certain accounts to be Customer Segregated Accounts, which would go towards
showing that MFGS maintained separate bank accounts for the benefit of the LFX
and Bullion customers, the fact that MFGS did not keep its own funds
_completely separate_ , but placed (on Vintage’s argument, _at least_) US$29m
of cash and cash equivalents within its “Clients’ segregated funds” (reflected
in AFS 2011) as it was entitled to do under the CTR and SFR (but notably, was
not allowed to do under the MTA), is more consistent with an intention to
comply with the applicable statutes and regulations, rather than with an
intention to hold the amounts as a private law trustee for the LFX and Bullion
customers. The audited financial statements are therefore not clear and strong
evidence of an intention on MFGS’ part to create a trust of the Unrealised
Profits and Forward Value for those customers.

(2) The Seg Fund Statements

208 In advancing its case, Vintage also relies heavily on the Seg Fund
Statements. First, Vintage points out that MFGS ensured through a daily
preparation of the Seg Fund Statement that sufficient moneys were segregated
to cover the Unrealised Profits and Forward Value of the LFX and Bullion
customers. This point is not disputed by the Liquidators.

209 Second, Vintage submits that the computations being performed on a daily
basis through the Seg Fund Statements are the precise computations required by
the CTR and SFR, and that this fact strongly suggests that MFGS was ensuring
that sufficient funds were segregated to cover the Unrealised Profits and
Forward Value because it believed it was required to do so by law, and not for
operational reasons as the Liquidators allege. While the exact language used
in the CTR and SFR is different, broadly, both reg 22(12) of the CTR and reg
37(1) of the SFR require a commodity broker or CMS licence holder to compute
at the close of each business day:

(a) the total amount of money deposited in trust accounts;

(b) the total amount of money required to be deposited in trust accounts; and

(c) the commodity broker’s or CMS licence holder’s residual interest in the
accounts or funds.

210 The discussion will be prefaced by a brief description of the Seg Fund
Statement. The Seg Fund Statement was part of a prescribed form which MFGS
submitted to MAS on a quarterly basis as part of its obligations as a CMS
licence holder under the SF(FM)R (see [16] above). For ease of reference, a
sample of MFGS’ Seg Fund Statement dated 31 March 2011 is annexed to this
judgment at Annex A. There are two sections to the Seg Fund Statements. The
first section is titled “Segregation Requirements”, with six separate items
set out thereunder.

211 A number of items in the first section of the Seg Fund Statement are
important and should be explained. First, item 1 of the Seg Fund Statement
sets out the “Net Ledger Balances in Accounts of Customers”. According to Mr
Yap, this item was calculated based on an aggregate of the Ledger Balance C/F
under the accounts of MFGS’ customers at the particular date. Item 2, which
set out “Securities (at fair value) Belonging to Customers”, did not apply to
MFGS and no sums were reflected under that heading in the ordinary course.
Item 3 set out the “Net Unrealised Profit/(Loss) in Open Contracts”. Mr Yap
explains that MFGS took into account the aggregate Unrealised Profits and
Forward Value of the LFX and Bullion transactions in calculating item 3. Item
4 sets out the “Net Equity of Customers”, being a sum of the first three
items.

212 Item 5 then sets out the “Deficit Accounts”, being the aggregate of
accounts of customers that were in deficit. The heading of item 6 under the
first section of the Seg Fund Statement states “Amount Required to be
Segregated”. The amount reflected under this item is the sum of the funds
represented under items 4 (which in turn is the sum of items 1, 2, 3) and 5.
Mr Yap also deposed in his eighth affidavit that the amount under item 6 is
consistent with the aggregate of the Total Account Equity under the accounts
of MFGS’ customers as at that particular date. By way of reminder, the Total
Account Equity is the aggregate sum of the Unrealised Profits, Forward Value
and Ledger Balance C/F as reflected in the “Financial Statement” section of
the Daily FX Activity Statement. Insofar as the “Net Unrealised Profit/(Loss)
in Open Contracts” (_ie_ , item 3), which covers the LFX and Bullion
customers’ Unrealised Profits and Forward Value, is used in the calculation of
the “Amount Required to be Segregated” under item 6, the first section of the
Seg Fund Statement _appears_ to require MFGS to segregate moneys to cover the
LFX and Bullion customers’ Unrealised Profits and Forward Value.

213 However, it is important to recognise that the Seg Fund Statement, which
is prepared under the SF(FM)R, is a financial reporting device. It does not
(and cannot) prescribe what is to be held by MFGS on statutory trust for its
customers. What is required to be segregated is governed by the CTA and CTR
(in the case of Bullion transactions) and the SFA and SFR (in the case of LFX
transactions). I have dealt with this at length above (see [72]–[165]). The
words used in the first section of the Seg Fund Statement, therefore, should
not be taken to change or alter the scope and operation of the statutory trust
which is imposed by the applicable statutes and the CTR and SFR. Thus, the
fact that the words “amount _required to be_ segregated” are used in item 6 of
the Seg Fund Statement cannot, _ipso facto_ , lead to the conclusion that the
funds stated here by MFGS _must_ be held by MFGS on statutory trust for the
LFX and Bullion customers, if such funds do not fall within the scope of the
statutory trusts under the CTR or SFR.

214 The second section is titled “Location of Segregated Funds”. This section
sets out where the “Amounts Required to be Segregated” (_ie_ , item 6) are in
fact located. These include deposits in segregated bank accounts (see item 8)
and receivables from margin deposits with clearing houses and other parties
(see items 10 and 12). The total amount of the sums segregated is then
reflected under item 15. A CMS licence holder is then required to reflect the
difference between the total amount segregated (item 15) and the amount
required to be segregated (item 6) under item 16 as “Excess/(Deficiency) Funds
in Segregation”. A positive number indicates that the CMS licence holder has
segregated more funds than it was, _by the first section of the Seg Fund
Statement_ , required to segregate. A negative number indicates that the CMS
licence holder is, _by the first section of the Seg Fund Statement_ , required
to segregate more funds that it has in fact segregated.

215 A perusal of the Seg Fund Statement reveals that item 16
(“Excess/(Deficiency) Funds in Segregation”) is _not_ equivalent to MFGS’
“residual financial interest” in its _Customer Segregated Accounts_ , contrary
to Vintage’s contention. One should note that item 15 does _not_ represent the
total amount of cash segregated on behalf of MFGS’ customers in bank accounts,
as it includes both net equities with futures brokers and other receivables.
The excess or deficiency (as the case may be) in item 16 can thus be
attributed to a number of factors, which includes, _inter alia_ , (i) MFGS
advancing its own moneys to the Customer Segregated Accounts under item 8,
(ii) an excess or deficiency of receivables under items 10 and 12, (iii) an
excess or deficiency of net equities from futures brokers under item 11, or
(iv) a combination of the above. It is therefore entirely possible for MFGS to
have advanced more of its own funds into the Customer Segregated Accounts than
the amount that is reflected under item 16. Thus, the amount reflected under
item 16 is not the same as the amount of MFGS’ _own moneys_ which it had
advanced to its Customer Segregated Accounts as it was permitted to do under
the CTR and SFR. Hence, Vintage is wrong to assert that the computations
performed by MFGS through the Seg Fund Statement are the “precise computations
required by the relevant legislations/regulations” (see [209] above) since it
is not evident from the face of the Seg Fund Statements whether item 16
records MFGS’s “residual financial interest” in the Customer Segregated
Accounts.

216 The LFX and Bullion Report states that the Seg Fund Statement was prepared
by MFGS as part of its “internal risk management procedure” to ensure that a
sufficient buffer was maintained in the Customer Segregated Accounts to
prevent inadvertent cross-margining (_ie_ , the process by which excess funds
of one customer is used to satisfy another customer’s obligation). In line
with this, the Liquidators submit that the Seg Fund Statement was merely a
_pro forma_ statement (_ie_ , a financial statement which is prepared on an
“as if” basis). Mr Yeap submits that MFGS managed its risk by ensuring that it
had sufficient funds to pay off all its liabilities (including contingent and
future debts) in the putative situation where these liabilities all
crystallised at the same time. To that end, MFGS always ensured that there
would be a positive figure at item 16 of the Seg Fund Statement.

217 In my judgment, MFGS’ preparation of the Seg Fund Statement on a daily
basis is not clear and unambiguous evidence that MFGS intended to hold money
equivalent to the Unrealised Profits and Forward Value on an express trust for
the LFX and Bullion customers. In Mr Yeap’s words, there were “too many
permutations” and many things that were in “constant flux” for anything to be
ascertained with precision. I agree. The Seg Fund Statement does not clearly
distinguish which funds are MFGS’ own funds, from the funds MFGS holds on
trust (if any). The Seg Fund Statement is merely an accounting and financial
reporting device which MAS required CMS licence holders to prepare as part of
its regulatory framework. In and of itself, the Seg Fund Statement could not
confer more rights on the customers of CMS licence holders than were
prescribed by the applicable statutes and regulations. By the same token, the
Seg Fund Statement itself is not an express declaration of trust on MFGS’
part.

(3) The Daily FX Activity Statements

218 Vintage also points to three other aspects of how MFGS allowed Vintage to
deal with its Unrealised Profits and Forward Value, to show that MFGS treated
the Unrealised Profits and Forward Value as Vintage’s moneys. As evidenced in
the Daily FX Activity Statements, these were that MFGS:

(a) allowed withdrawal of funds by Vintage which exceeded the Ledger Balance
C/F;

(b) did not charge interest on the sums withdrawn which exceeded the Ledger
Balance C/F, but only charged interest when a customer incurred a Margin
Deficiency; and

(c) factored in the Unrealised Profits and Forward Value when calculating
Vintage’s Margin Excess or Margin Deficiency.

219 It is clear from the documentary evidence and Daily FX Activity Statements
that MFGS took into account the Unrealised Profits and Forward Value in
accounting for a customer’s margin requirements. MFGS would only issue a
margin call if a customer’s Total Account Equity fell below the necessary
margins. No margin call would be issued even if the Ledger Balance C/F was in
negative territory if there were sufficient Unrealised Profits and Forward
Value to cover the margin requirements. In the same vein, MFGS allowed
withdrawal of funds by Vintage which exceeded the Ledger Balance C/F and did
not charge interest on those excess withdrawals. Also, MFGS only charged
interest when a customer incurred a Margin Deficiency (_ie_ , where the sums
in a customer’s Total Account Equity fell below the necessary margins which
MFGS required a customer to maintain). The question I have to answer is
whether these facts show that MFGS held the Total Account Equity (or at least
the Forward Value and Ledger Balance C/F) on trust for the LFX and Bullion
customers.

220 The Liquidators explain that although Vintage did withdraw from its
account moneys exceeding its Ledger Balance C/F, this withdrawal was not in
respect of any proprietary moneys owned by Vintage. Rather, Mr Yeap explains
that any withdrawn sum which exceeded the Ledger Balance C/F was an “advance”
made by MFGS by way of early payment of MFGS’ obligations which would
otherwise only be payable on Value Date. To support this point, the
Liquidators point out that the “withdrawn” amount was applied only against the
Ledger Balance C/F so as to bring the Ledger Balance C/F into negative
territory, and was not applied against the Forward Value or Unrealised
Profits.

221 Mr Thio disputes Mr Yeap’s “advance” theory. He submits that if such a sum
was truly an advance or early payment made by MFGS to Vintage, it was not
commercially sensible for MFGS to have neglected to charge interest on the
same, given that the deficiency in the Ledger Balance C/F on these occasions
ran in the millions, and points out that MFGS charged interest whenever its
customers’ margins were in deficit even though the deficit might not have been
large. Mr Thio also submits that while MFGS is allowed under the CTR and SFR
to make payment of sums to customers (see reg 21(3)(_a_) of the CTR and reg
21(_a_) or (_d_) of the SFR), it is not permitted to advance or lend moneys.
Thus, Mr Thio submits that only two possibilities existed: either the Total
Account Equity of the LFX and Bullion customers is held on trust, or at least
the Forward Value and Ledger Balance C/F are held on trust by MFGS for its
customers (as the numbers also supported the latter interpretation).

222 I do not think that the above facts lead inexorably to the conclusion that
MFGS held the Unrealised Profits and Forward Value on trust for the LFX and
Bullion customers. For one, the fact that MFGS factored in the Unrealised
Profits and Forward Value in calculating a customer’s margin excess or
deficiency was but a reasonable practice. A margin requirement is in essence
security required by MFGS for keeping a certain position open. The Unrealised
Profits and Forward Value, being choses in action an LFX or Bullion customer
has against MFGS, were values which MFGS could properly take into account in
deciding whether a customer’s margin was sufficient.

223 Indeed, it seems to me consistent with commercial reality _not_ to require
a customer to put in further funds with MFGS just because his or her Ledger
Balance C/F fell below the margin requirements if the customer possessed
choses in action against MFGS, _viz_ , the Unrealised Profits or Forward
Value, the value of which exceeded the margin requirements. Moreover, the fact
that MFGS took this into account did not mean that Vintage was entitled to
_actual money_.

224 In support of its argument that it was free to deal with its Unrealised
Profits and Forward Value, Vintage refers me only to two specific Daily FX
Activity Statements which document Vintage’s withdrawals of amounts exceeding
its Ledger Balance C/F, being the Daily FX Activity Statements of 5 May 2011
and 6 May 2011. I find it pertinent that although the sums withdrawn exceeded
the Ledger Balance C/F, this excess was adequately covered by the Forward
Value, which consisted of sums with Value Dates of 9 May 2011 and 10 May 2011
respectively. This is consistent with the Liquidators’ submissions that the
withdrawal was an advance by MFGS to Vintage by way of early payment of MFGS’s
payment obligations vis-à-vis the Forward Value, a crystallised future debt,
which would otherwise have been paid only on the relevant Value Date. It would
have been clear to MFGS when making the advance on 5 and 6 May 2011 that
although the advance exceeded the available funds in the Ledger Balance C/F,
any shortfall in the Ledger Balance C/F would shortly be repaid on 9 and 10
May 2011 when the Forward Value became due and payable and paid into the
Ledger Balance.

225 In this regard, whilst the Daily FX Activity Statements of 9 and 10 May
2011 have not been produced in evidence, it is clear from Vintage’s May 2011
interest breakdown statement which Mr Yap produced in his fourteenth affidavit
filed in OS 289 that by 10 May 2011, the Ledger Balance C/F was no longer
negative. Another key fact is that the withdrawal was (as evidenced by the
Daily FX Activity Statements) applied only against the Ledger Balance C/F and
_not_ against the Unrealised Profits or Forward Value. This showed that when
Vintage withdrew funds in excess of the Ledger Balance C/F, it incurred a debt
obligation to MFGS. If the sums covering the Unrealised Profits and Forward
Value had in truth been held on trust by MFGS for Vintage, these payments made
on 5 and 6 May 2011 by MFGS to Vintage which were in excess of Vintage’s
Ledger Balance C/F would have been a payment of moneys made to its rightful
beneficial owner, and no debt obligation would have been incurred by Vintage
to MFGS. This is additional corroboration of the position that an LFX or
Bullion customer did not have the unfettered ability to deal with the
Unrealised Profits and Forward Value.

226 In my view, the Daily FX Activity Statements do not show that MFGS
intended to hold the Unrealised Profits and Forward Value or any equivalent
moneys on trust for Vintage or its other LFX or Bullion customers. The
advances made by MFGS to Vintage which exceeded Vintage’s Ledger Balance C/F
on 5 and 6 May 2011 were more in line with an administrative and commercial
decision by MFGS to advance funds to an important and high-value customer like
Vintage with the knowledge that it would be repaid from the Forward Value in
the matter of a few days. This may also explain why interest was not charged
against the negative Ledger Balance C/F.

227 I am also of the opinion that the CTR and SFR do not prohibit the making
of such advances. Since the CTR and SFR do not require MFGS to hold moneys
equivalent to the Unrealised Profits and Forward Value on trust for the LFX
and Bullion customers, to the extent that MFGS placed moneys in its Customer
Segregated Accounts to cover these obligations, this was MFGS’ “residual
financial interest” that it is entitled to withdraw under reg 21(3)(_d_) of
the CTR and reg 21(_e_) of the SFR as long as the withdrawal does not result
in a customer’s account becoming under-margined or under-funded. Regulation
23(3) of the SFR also expressly allows money belonging to a CMS licence holder
to be used to pay its customer.

(4) Alleged admissions by the Liquidators and former directors of MFGS

228 Vintage submits that the Liquidators and former directors of MFGS have
previously taken the position that MFGS treated the Unrealised Profits and
Forward Value as being held on trust for the LFX and Bullion customers. This
can be seen from, _inter alia_ :

(a) statements made by Mr Rajendra Bhambhani, the Managing Director of MFGS
(“Mr Bhambhani”), that MFGS had always treated the accrued profits of its
customers as segregated moneys;

(b) statements made by Mr Yap and other documentary evidence that showed that
MFGS treated US$477m worth of funds (which presumably included the amounts
segregated to cover Unrealised Profits and Forward Value) as being held on
trust for customers;

(c) the treatment of the Unrealised Profits and Forward Value in the Daily FX
Activity Statements; and

(d) statements made by Mr Yap that “excess margins” were held on trust for
customers.

229 I have dealt with the treatment of the Unrealised Profits and Forward
Value in the Daily FX Activity Statements above (see [218]–[227]) and will not
reprise what has been said, except to repeat that I am not persuaded by
Vintage’s reliance on the Daily FX Activity Statements. I will deal with the
“excess margins” point below at [284]–[289] when addressing the Margin Excess
issue. Hence, in this section, I will only discuss items (a) and (b) mentioned
above.

230 In oral submissions, Vintage did not pursue the fact that statements had
been made by Mr Bhambhani and other former directors/officers of MFGS to
Vintage. In any event, Mr Vinod Puranmal Bansal (“Mr Vinod”) who filed an
affidavit on behalf of Vintage attesting to this fact, did not provide any
objective or documentary evidence proving the fact that these statements were
in fact made. While not casting doubt on the veracity Mr Vinod’s evidence, the
lack of documentary basis for these assertions means that they must be treated
with caution. I therefore do not derive much assistance from Mr Vinod’s
evidence in this regard.

231 A stronger basis for Vintage’s arguments, which it understandably relies
on to greater effect, is documentary evidence which allegedly shows that MFGS
and the Liquidators considered that US$477m (a sum which included the value of
the Unrealised Profits and Forward Value) were “Customer’s Funds” which were
held on trust by MFGS for the LFX and Bullion customers. Such documentary
evidence include, _inter alia_ :

(a) Mr Yap’s first affidavit filed in support of OS 22;

(b) a statement of affairs certified by one of MFGS’ directors on 9 December
2011 (“the Statement of Affairs”);

(c) the Seg Fund Statement dated 31 October 2011; and

(d) a presentation at a creditor’s meeting dated 28 May 2012 prepared by the
Liquidators (“the Presentation”).

232 I have reproduced the order made by the court in OS 22 at [23] above. In
that order, the court authorised the then-provisional liquidators to
distribute “the segregated and proprietary funds of customers as may be
accountable by MFGS to its customers … in the control of the Provisional
Liquidators … an amount of up to US$350million”. In support of the OS 22
application, Mr Yap filed an affidavit (“Mr Yap’s OS 22 affidavit”) where he
stated the following:

18\. **_In accordance with the provisions of the SFA and its related
regulations … and the terms and conditions of the MTA (specifically, clause 15
of the MTA)_** , the funds received by MFGS from its customers (including any
excess margins) were to be held on trust for such customers by MFGS. _Funds
provided by a customer were held for that customer in trust accounts, and …
segregated from MFGS’ own funds or assets, i.e. the Customer’s Funds._ …

19\. These funds held in trust accounts were commingled as between the
customers, as permitted under Regulation 16(4) of the [SFR] and clause 15.1 of
the MTA, and were utilised by MFGS for purposes of funding the margins and
settlement of its customers’ respective positions. To this end, MFGS
maintained various customer segregated accounts with both local and offshore
financial institutions, as well as counter-parties, correspondent brokers, and
clearing members, both in Singapore and abroad. As at 31st October 2011 and
based on the books and records of MFGS, _the aggregate Customer’s Funds held
by MFGS amounted to about US$477 million_ (based on the then prevailing
marked-to-market values). [emphasis added in italics and in bold italics]

233 The inference from Mr Yap’s above statement is that a sum of US$477m was
held on trust for MFGS’ customers. The Seg Fund Statement dated 31 October
2011 in turn sets out the “Amount required to be segregated” under item 6 as a
sum of US$476,767,804. One would recall that in calculating item 6, MFGS took
into account the Total Account Equity, which would include the Unrealised
Profits and Forward Value (see above at [212]). This exact figure of
US$476,767,804 is also set out in the Statement of Affairs as the “Balances
owing partly secured creditors”. In the Presentation in May 2012 made to the
creditors of MFGS by the Liquidators, the sum of US$476,768,000 was stated to
be available for “ _partly secured creditors_ ”, and also stated to be the
value of _segregated funds_ (as opposed to MFGS’ own funds) owing to creditors
and customers.

234 As the sum of US$477m largely corresponds to the sum of US$476,767,804 in
the 31 October 2011 Seg Fund Statement, Vintage contends that this must mean
that MFGS intended to hold, and always held, the Unrealised Profits and
Forward Value on trust for the LFX and Bullion customers. Vintage complains
that given that there was amongst other things (i) no qualification in OS 22
that the Unrealised Profits and Forward Value were not held on trust for the
LFX and Bullion customers; and (ii) no qualification that any portion of the
US$477m was not held on trust for the LFX and Bullion customers, coupled with
the position taken by the Liquidators at the Presentation that the US$477m was
segregated funds and not MFGS’ own funds, the Liquidators in now submitting
that the Unrealised Profits and Forward Value are _not_ held on trust, have
resiled from their previous position.

235 Much of the evidence Vintage relies on (for, _eg_ , the Presentation, the
Statement of Affairs and Mr Yap’s OS 22 affidavit) occurred post-liquidation.
To the extent that Vintage suggests that these pieces of evidence showed that
the Liquidators treated the Unrealised Profits and Forward Value as being held
on trust, and by so doing created an express trust post-liquidation, this
would be in direct contravention of the winding-up regime in Singapore (see s
300 of the Companies Act). Against the argument that these pieces of evidence
show that MFGS always considered itself as holding the Unrealised Profits and
Forward Value on trust, a number of other comments may be made.

236 First, the Presentation and the Statement of Affairs reflect the sum of
approximately US$477m as liabilities owed to “partly secured creditors”. This
may give rise to two meanings. On the one hand, it may mean that the sum
reflects _only_ the secured claims of these “partly secured creditors”. On the
other hand, it may also be read to mean that the sum is made up of _all_ the
claims of the “partly secured creditors”, some of which were unsecured claims.
The presence of such ambiguity in the Presentation and Statement of Affairs
counts against a finding of clear and strong evidence of an intention on MFGS’
part to hold these sums on trust for its customers. It is therefore possible
that _not all_ of the US$477m was held on trust for MFGS’ customers.

237 Second, an examination of the contents of Mr Yap’s OS 22 affidavit clearly
negatives Vintage’s submission that there was no qualification therein. In
respect of the LFX and Bullion customers, Mr Yap set out at para 64 to 67 of
his OS 22 affidavit a number of pertinent points, some of which are reproduced
here:

64\. … MFGS acted as principal to customers who traded in LFX and bullion, and
margins placed by such customers and realised profits (actually paid by MFGS
in respect of such LFX and bullion transactions) would be paid into MFGS’
customer segregated accounts (i.e. would be and are compromised in the
Available Customers’ Funds). _However, LFX and bullion customers may also have
unrealised profits and losses and/or realised profits_** _which were not
paid_** _into MFGS’ customer segregated accounts_.

…

67\. _Any_** _realised profits not yet paid_** _by MFGS and not comprised in
the Available Customers’ Funds, and any estimated_** _unrealised profits_**
_(if applicable)_**_would not_** _be taken into account under the proposed
Interim Distribution as such monies are_** _not_** _comprised in the Available
Customers’ Funds._ Such monies would instead constitute an unsecured debt
provable in the winding-up of MFGS … [emphasis added in italics and bold
italics]

238 It is true that on the face of it, there appears to be inconsistencies
between Mr Yap’s evidence at paras 18 and 19 of his OS 22 affidavit, and these
later qualifications made in paras 64 to 67. However, these inconsistencies
show that Mr Yap’s alleged admissions in OS 22 are neither clear nor strong
evidence that MFGS had an intention to hold moneys equivalent to the
Unrealised Profits and Forward Value on trust for the LFX and Bullion
customers.

239 Mr Yeap accepted at the hearing that the Liquidators relied on the Seg
Fund Statement in coming to the sum of US$477m, but disputes that this created
or evinced a trust. The comments I have made above with respect to the Seg
Fund Statement apply equally here (see [217] above). In summary, item 6 of the
Seg Fund Statement (“Amount Required to be Segregated”) cannot prescribe what
the applicable statutes require MFGS to segregate. It also does not enable one
to identify MFGS’ true “residual financial interest” in the Customer
Segregated Accounts. To the extent the Liquidators have relied on the Seg Fund
Statement in arriving at the sum of US$477m, it is possible that they have
erred or proceeded on the wrong understanding of the legal principles. Thus,
insofar as Mr Yap deposed in his affidavit that the “aggregate Customer’s
Funds held by MFGS amounted to about US$477 million”, I accept Mr Yeap’s
submissions that this statement _must be read in the whole context of Mr Yap’s
OS 22 affidavit_ , which expressly states that “unrealised profits and losses
and/or realised profits not paid into MFGS’ customer segregated accounts”
would not be comprised in the “Available Customers’ Funds”. This same position
was also communicated to Vintage and MFGS’ other customers in a letter dated
11 January 2012 from the Liquidators. In my judgment, Mr Yap did not express
the view that MFGS held sums equivalent to the Unrealised Profits and Forward
Value on trust for the LFX and Bullion customers.

240 In any event, it is clear from Mr Yap’s OS 22 affidavit that MFGS held the
“Available Customers’ Funds” on trust in order to comply with the provisions
of the SFA and its related regulations (see the quote reproduced at [232]
above). To me, as with the Seg Fund Statement and MFGS’ audited financial
statements, the most that can be said is that these documents demonstrate an
intention on MFGS’ part to _comply with the applicable laws and regulations_ ,
which is not the same as an intention to hold the moneys as an _express
trustee_. Hence, I am of the view that for the reasons given above, these
alleged admissions of the Liquidators do _not_ show that MFGS intended to hold
moneys equivalent to the Unrealised Profits and Forward Value on express trust
for its customers.

Conclusion on the Express Trust issue

241 Before concluding, the case of _Sogo Department Stores_ should be
considered in further detail. In that case, the Court of Appeal was also faced
with the issue as to whether the certainty of intention to create a trust was
present. The facts of the case are as follows: Sogo, a departmental store, had
agreed to sell Hinckley’s products under a concessionaire agreement. Under the
concessionaire agreement, the products belonged to Hinckley, and when these
products were sold, the proceeds were collected by Sogo’s cashiers and banked
into Sogo’s general account along with the sale proceeds of all the other
goods in Sogo’s store. Sogo subsequently entered judicial management, and
Hinckley claimed that Sogo held the sale proceeds of its products on trust for
it, on the basis that Sogo had received the moneys as Hinckley’s agent. After
surveying the law on this issue, the Court of Appeal held (at [40]):

What is essential to bear in mind is that this was a business arrangement,
initially for a period of three years. The parties would have realised that it
would involve the sale of a huge number of … goods. _It would be wholly
unrealistic to suggest that the parties expected a trust to arise in relation
to the sum received in respect of each item of goods. The commercial context
would militate against any such imputation or inference of a trust_.
Furthermore, at the same time, there were many concessionaries operating
within the department store. … [emphasis added]

242 The comments made by the Court of Appeal are apposite to the present
situation. As a general observation, it does not seem likely that MFGS would
have set aside its own moneys and held them on trust in order to satisfy
obligations owed to the LFX and Bullion customers in respect of the Unrealised
Profits and Forward Value, even though neither was due and payable then. It
appears to run against commercial logic that MFGS could have intended to hold
moneys on trust for the benefit of the LFX and Bullion customers in
anticipation of meeting its contingent or future debt obligations, which it
owed as principal to them. For one, the quantum of the Unrealised Profits
fluctuated on a daily basis, and could even turn into losses instead. As for
Forward Value, this is by _definition_ a sum to be paid in the future. In the
absence of express agreement (as compared to _Mac-Jordan_ , where the
agreement contemplated the setting-up of a trust account in respect of the
retention moneys), it does not appear to me commercially sensible for MFGS to
have satisfied this future debt obligation earlier by creating a trust over
its value.

243 It is a constant theme in Vintage’s submissions that MFGS was not
permitted by the CTR or SFR to put in funds into the Customer Segregated
Accounts for “operational convenience” or for “internal risk management”.
Vintage harks back to reg 21(4) of the CTR and reg 23(1)(_a_) of the SFR to
emphasise the point that MFGS was only allowed to put its own funds into the
Customer Segregated Accounts in order to prevent its customers’ accounts from
becoming under-margined or under-funded.

244 Against this, it should be noted that reg 21(4) of the CTR and reg
23(1)(_a_) of the SFR are drafted fairly widely. These two regulations allow a
CMS licence holder or commodity broker to advance “sufficient money” from its
own funds “to prevent any or all of his customers’ trust accounts from
becoming under-margined” (reg 21(4) of the CTR), or “to prevent the customer’s
trust account from being under-margined or under-funded” (reg 23(1)(_a_) of
the SFR). As the proverbial saying goes, prevention is better than cure. The
provisions under the CTR and SFR permit prevention, but they do not compel
cure. What is “sufficient” depends on the facts and circumstances. A prudent
and cautious CMS licence holder or commodity broker might advance a great deal
more funds, including amounts that would cover the Unrealised Profits and
Forward Value, so as to ensure that under-margining of any of its customers’
accounts would _never_ occur. In this regard, it should be recalled that MFGS
took into account the Total Account Equity (which would include the Unrealised
Profits and Forward Value) in calculating a customer’s margin requirements
(see [14(j)] above). As MFGS allowed the customer to use the value of the
chose owed by MFGS to him or her to engage in further trades, it may have been
prudent for MFGS, within the framework of the CTR and SFR, to inject its own
funds to cover the Unrealised Profits and Forward Value. In my view, such
conduct would not be inconsistent with the CTR and SFR. Finally, _even if_
MFGS was in breach of reg 21(4) of the CTR and reg 23(1)(_a_) of the SFR, the
fact that MFGS placed _more_ of its _own moneys_ into the Customer Segregated
Accounts than it was allowed to would not, of itself, give the LFX and Bullion
customers a proprietary interest in those funds.

245 I have also gone through the documentary and other pieces of evidence
which Vintage relies on in seeking to prove that MFGS intended to hold moneys
equivalent to the Unrealised Profits and Forward Value on trust for its
customers. In respect of each category of evidence, I have found that they do
not constitute clear and strong evidence that MFGS intended to hold moneys
equivalent to the Unrealised Profits and Forward Value on trust for its
customers. Even considering all the categories of evidence together, I am also
of the view that they do not present a compelling picture that MFGS intended
to hold moneys equivalent to the Unrealised Profits and Forward Value on trust
for its customers.

246 With this finding, there is no need for me to consider whether the alleged
trust satisfied the requisite certainty of subject matter and certainty of
objects. There is also no longer any need for me to consider whether the court
should exercise its equitable jurisdiction to set aside the alleged trust for
mistake.

247 Nonetheless, as Vintage has made submissions on the certainty of subject
matter, I will briefly address this element. I find difficulty with this
element, and am doubtful that Vintage could have proved that the alleged trust
had the requisite certainty of subject matter, even if MFGS’ intention to hold
the Unrealised Profits and Forward Value on trust was proven. In the main, the
presence of commingling between customers’ funds and MFGS’ own funds in the
Customer Segregated Account and the fact that the quantum of Unrealised
Profits fluctuated on a daily basis are factors which appear to negate the
certainty of subject matter. However, I will not delve further into this
issue.

248 Finally, in conclusion on the Express Trust issue, I would mention that it
appears to me that MFGS has conducted itself judiciously and in a commercially
sound manner. However, in the absence of an express declaration of trust, mere
judicious conduct consistent with commercially sound decisions does not amount
to clear, strong evidence of an intention to create a trust.

Conclusion on the Proprietary Claim Issue

249 For the reasons given above, I hold that the LFX and Bullion customers do
not have a proprietary entitlement to the sums standing in the Customer
Segregated Accounts that may be broadly attributable to the value of the
Unrealised Profits and Forward Value whether by way of statutory or express
trust. Instead, the LFX and Bullion customers have choses in action against
MFGS for the value of the Unrealised Profits and Forward Value, and must prove
the claims as unsecured creditors in the winding up of MFGS.

The Value Date issue

Parties’ submissions

250 Vintage argues in the alternative that even if it does not have a
proprietary entitlement to the Unrealised Profits and Forward Value, it has a
proprietary entitlement to the sum of US$10,793,862.06 reflected as its Ledger
Balance C/F of the Daily FX Activity Statement dated 1 November 2011, instead
of the US$4,711,459.18 in the Ledger Balance C/F of its Daily FX Activity
Statement dated 31 October 2011. The difference arises because a sum of
US$6,082,324.50 reflected as Forward Value in the Daily FX Activity Statement
dated 31 October 2011 carried a Value Date of 1 November 2011 and a further
US$78.38 was to be credited to Vintage’s Ledger Balance C/F on 1 November 2011
as well.

251 Essentially, this dispute relates to the time at which settlement between
MFGS and its customers occurred or should have occurred. This is material to
determining the appropriate quantum of Vintage’s Ledger Balance C/F to which
Vintage may properly claim a proprietary entitlement.

252 To elaborate, the Liquidators’ submissions are that an LFX or Bullion
customer’s proprietary interest in the Ledger Balance C/F must be determined
with reference to what has actually been _paid_ into his or her account before
the commencement of MFGS’ winding up on 1 November 2011. MFGS only paid moneys
due to customers to the Ledger Balance at the close of business every business
day, and MFGS ran a 24-hour dealing and service desk with a notional close of
business pegged to New York time. Based on these facts, MFGS’ notional close
of business on 1 November 2011 would have in actual fact been 5.00am on 2
November 2011 in Singapore and settlement of a customer’s Forward Value with a
Value Date of 1 November 2011 would have occurred at 5.00am on 2November 2011
in Singapore time as well. As a consequence, MFGS did not, and could not have,
paid the Forward Value with a Value Date of 1 November 2011 as this would have
violated the _pari passu_ principle, given that the payment would have been
made to customers from MFGS’ own funds _after the commencement of winding up_.
The last payment made by MFGS to the account and credit of the LFX and Bullion
customers was therefore made on 5.00am on 1 November 2011 (Singapore time),
and evidenced in the Daily FX Activity Statement dated 31 October 2011.

253 Mr Yap provided the following illustration and explanation on affidavit:

The fact is that, based on the Liquidators’ inquiry, MFGS’ [close of business]
on a particular day is at 5.00 pm (New York time) of that same calendar day
(i.e. at 5.00 am (Singapore time) the following calendar day). By way of
illustration, a trade entered into at 3.00 am (Singapore time) 31 October 2011
(i.e. 3.00 pm (New York time) 30 October 2011) would have been recorded with
having a trade date of 30 October 2011.

In a similar vein, Mr Yap also stated that a Daily FX Activity Statement dated
a particular day would only have been prepared and issued after MFGS’ close of
business of that particular day (which was based on New York time). Hence, Mr
Yap deposes that:

… the statements of accounts dated 1 November 2011 were automatically
generated and issued **_after_** MFGS’ [close of business] on 1 November 2011
(i.e. the next calendar day, 2 November 2011, and **_after_** the appointment
of provisional liquidators on 1 November 2011). [emphasis in bold italics in
original]

254 In essence, the Liquidators say that a Daily FX Activity Statement
reflecting a date of “X” would cover trades and transactions which occurred
between 5.00am on “X” (Singapore time) and 5.00am on “X + 1” (Singapore time)
(“MFGS’ Business Cycle”).

255 Further, the Liquidators say that MFGS made payment of the Forward Value
to the LFX and Bullion customers from its “residual financial interest” within
the Customer Segregated Accounts. The evidence given by the Liquidators on the
payment made by MFGS on the Value Date is that:

… [P]rior to 1 November 2011, available cash balances maintained in MFGS’
accounts with UBS and DB, being MFGS’ House Funds, would from time to time on
an ad-hoc basis be subject to ‘cash sweeps’. Such monies were transferred to,
and were deposited in MFGS’ “ _customer segregated bank accounts_ ” not as
payment to customers but as addition to the then “ _residual financial
interest_ ” of MFGS in the “ _customer segregated bank accounts_ ” of MFGS. It
was from that “ _residual financial interest_ ” of MFGS that specific payments
would be made as and when relevant to customers in discharge of MFGS’ **debt**
obligation(s) to customers for their bi-lateral principal-to-principal
transactions pursuant to MFGS’ express right to do so under the relevant
legislation. … [emphasis in original]

256 Vintage’s position is that it has a proprietary claim over the quantum of
its Ledger Balance C/F set out in the Daily FX Activity Statement issued by
MFGS dated 1 November 2011. First, Vintage cites a number of authorities to
contend that the date at which MFGS went into liquidation (_ie_ , 1 November
2011) should be used as the date to determine Vintage’s proprietary
entitlement. Second, Vintage refers to certain documents which, on its
argument, show that MFGS credited the Forward Value to Vintage’s account on 1
November 2011. Third, Vintage contends that the Liquidators have not adduced
evidence to support their assertion that the Forward Value would be converted
to Ledger Balance C/F only at the close of business in New York on 1 November
2011 (_ie_ , 5.00am on 2 November 2011 in Singapore). The clauses in the MTA,
particularly the definition of “Value Date” and “Business Day”, are against
the Liquidators’ position. Lastly, Vintage submits that even if MFGS did not
in fact credit the Forward Value to Vintage’s Ledger Balance C/F on 1 November
2011 (Singapore time), MFGS _should_ have done so, and accordingly, this court
should hold that Vintage has a proprietary interest in the money that _should_
have been paid to Vintage’s Ledger Balance C/F.

Relevance of commencement of provisional liquidation on the LFX and Bullion
customers’ proprietary claim

257 I deal first with Vintage’s submission that the date on which voluntary
liquidation commences is the most appropriate date to determine a party’s
proprietary entitlement. Vintage relies on _Re Lehman Brothers Finance Asia
Pte Ltd (in creditors’ voluntary liquidation)_ [2013] 1 SLR 64 (“ _Re Lehman
Brothers Finance Asia_ ”) and on authorities from New South Wales and the
United Kingdom for this proposition. I do not derive much assistance from this
submission as Vintage’s argument fails to take into account _how_ a statutory
trust arises over a customer’s Ledger Balance C/F.

258 It should be recalled that in the context of MFGS’ relationship as
principal counterparty to the LFX and Bullion customers, it is only after MFGS
has made payment to a customer by crediting funds to the Ledger Balance C/F
that funds fall within the ambit of the statutory trusts under the CTR and SFR
(see [128] above in respect of the Bullion transactions and [163]–[164] in
respect of the LFX transactions).

259 However, once MFGS commenced winding up, it is mandated by s 300 of the
Companies Act to apply its assets _pari passu_ in satisfaction of all
liabilities. Under s 300 of the Companies Act, the distribution of the
property of the company should be made as follows:

**Distribution of property of company**

**300.** Subject to the provisions of this Act as to preferential payments,
the property of a company shall, on its winding up, be applied pari passu in
satisfaction of its liabilities, and, subject to that application, shall,
unless the articles otherwise provide, be distributed among the members
according to their rights and interests in the company.

260 When MFGS was placed into provisional liquidation on 1 November 2011, this
was the date on which it commenced voluntary winding up under s 291(6)(_a_) of
the Companies Act. MFGS was thus not able to discharge any unsecured debt
obligation owed to the LFX and Bullion customers that became due and payable
on or after the commencement of MFGS’ winding up on 1 November 2011 in
priority to other unsecured debts.

261 Where MFGS acts as agent for its customers in respect of transactions
executed on an exchange, the receivables due from these exchanges are held on
trust for its customers. Hence, any sums received from the exchange after MFGS
entered into provisional liquidation will _not_ form part of MFGS’ assets, but
will be received on trust for the respective customers. However, where MFGS
acts a principal counterparty against its customers, such as in the LFX and
Bullion transactions, the same does not apply. In these instances, MFGS does
not hold the choses in action on trust for its customers. Any payment in
discharge of these unsecured debt obligations ahead of payments to other
unsecured creditors made after the commencement of liquidation would
constitute a disposition of MFGS’ own assets and violate s 300 of the
Companies Act.

262 Therefore, for funds to be caught by the ambit of the statutory trusts
imposed by the CTR and SFR, they must be paid to an LFX or Bullion customer
through the crediting of the Ledger Balance C/F before the commencement of
MFGS’ winding up.

263 It is therefore insufficient for Vintage to assert that the date on which
MFGS went into liquidation should be used to determine Vintage’s proprietary
entitlement. Further, the authorities Vintage relies on are not particularly
useful. _Re Lehman Brothers Finance Asia_ dealt with the date at which foreign
currency debts should be converted to Singapore dollars under r 181 of the
Bankruptcy Rules (Cap 20, R 1, 2006 Rev Ed). This is not in dispute in this
case. The other authorities cited by Vintage, _Re MF Global Australia_ , _Re
Global Trader Europe Ltd (in liq) (No 2)_ [2009] EWHC 699 (Ch) and _In the
matter of MF Global UK Limited (in special administration)_ [2013] EWHC 92
(Ch) were also of little assistance as they concerned the interpretation of
jurisdiction-specific provisions (_ie_ , the Corporations Act 2001 (Cth) and
Corporations Regulations 2001 (Cth) and Chapter 7 and 7A of the Client Asset
Sourcebook of the United Kingdom Financial Services Authority Handbook).

When payment of the Forward Value occurred or should have occurred on the
Value Date

264 Flowing from the above, and as stated above at [251], the crux of the
issue is when the payment of the Forward Value with a Value Date of 1 November
2011 occurred or should have occurred, and whether this occurred or should
have occurred prior to the commencement of MFGS’ winding up on 1 November
2011.

265 In my judgment, MFGS did not pay, and was not _required_ to pay, the
Forward Value with a Value Date of 1 November 2011 before MFGS was placed into
provision liquidation on 1 November 2011. Vintage and the LFX and Bullion
customers thus only have a proprietary entitlement to what is represented as
the Ledger Balance C/F on the Daily FX Activity Statement dated 31 October
2011. I now explain my reasons for so holding.

266 At the outset, I observe that the MTA does not clearly set out when the
real-time settlement of the Forward Value between MFGS and the LFX and Bullion
customers was contractually required to occur on a particular Value Date.
Vintage relies on the definition of “Value Date” and “Business Day” in the MTA
to contend that settlement of Forward Value should have occurred on the
specified calendar date with reference to Singapore time. Value Date is
defined in the MTA as “the _date_ on which the respective obligations of the
parties to a foreign exchange or [over-the-counter] transaction are to be
performed”. However, the MTA does not explicitly state that this “ _date_ ” in
the definition of Value Date should be determined with respect to Singapore
time, instead of New York or London time. Business Day is defined in the MTA
as “any day on which MFGS is open for business in Singapore”. This definition
does not refer either to MFGS’ operational hours, or the time fixed for MFGS’
close of business or the settlement of positions.

267 The Liquidators produced a report published by the Singapore Foreign
Exchange Market Committee titled “The Singapore Guide to Conduct and Market
Practices for Treasury Activities” (November 2010 Ed) (“the Guide”) to show
that the timing of MFGS’ close of business was in line with market practice.
The relevant portions of the Guide read:

**1\. MARKET TRADING HOURS**

1.1 Foreign exchange trades, whether direct or via a broker, transacted prior
to 5.00 AM Sydney time, are done in conditions that are not considered to be
normal market-conditions or market hours. Thus the official range in currency
markets will be set from 5.00 AM Sydney time on Monday morning, all year
round.

1.2 The _recognized closing time for the currency markets will be 5.00 PM
Friday New York time, all year round_.

…

**3\. VALUE DATES**

3.1 Quotations for foreign exchange are value spot, which is defined as two
business days from the date of transaction.

3.2 _Misunderstandings can arise over the definition of “value date” and
“business day”_ , given the observance of different holidays in various
financial centres. In quoting prices, market participants are therefore
_strongly urged to make clear to their counterparties the precise dates for
settlement of transactions_.

[emphasis added]

268 I note that the Guide states that the currency markets open at 5.00am
Sydney time on Monday mornings, and closes at 5.00pm New York time on Friday
evenings, all year round. The Guide does not state that the industry practice
is for brokers to peg their _daily_ close of business to New York time,
regardless of the jurisdiction in which they operate. In fact, the Guide
encourages brokers to “make clear to their counterparties the precise dates
for the settlement of transactions”. It is regrettable that the contract
between MFGS and its customers did not do so.

269 No evidence has been led by Vintage to show that the facts set out by the
Liquidators, inasmuch as they relate to the time of MFGS’ close of business,
were wrong or based on false assumptions. Instead, I find that the evidence is
consistent with the position that MFGS’ close of business was pegged to New
York time and that the Daily FX Activity Statement was dated according to
MFGS’ Business Cycle (see [254] above).

270 The Guide makes it clear that the currency markets close at 5.00pm New
York time every Friday evening. Trades could thus have been carried out by
MFGS’ customers until 5.00am every Saturday morning (in Singapore time). In
this regard, I find it significant that MFGS did not produce Daily FX Activity
Statements for Saturday and Sunday of the week. For example, although Vintage
produced its Daily FX Activity Statements dated 17, 26, 27, 28 and 31 October
2011, as well as 1 November 2011, no statements were produced in evidence for
29 and 30 October 2011 which was a Saturday and Sunday respectively. Mr Vinod
also stated in his ninth affidavit that no Daily FX Activity Statements were
issued by MFGS on the weekends.

271 In my opinion, the fact that MFGS did not issue statements on the weekends
is evidence which is consistent with the position that MFGS’ close of business
was pegged to New York time. Hence, a trade carried out at 3.00pm New York
time on a Friday afternoon (date: “Y”) being 3.00am on a Saturday morning
(date: “Y + 1”) in Singapore time, would have been reflected on the Daily FX
Activity Statement dated “Y” and not on a Daily FX Activity Statement dated “Y
+ 1”, since the latter statement would not have been issued in MFGS’ ordinary
course of business. This would also be consistent with the industry practice
stated in the Guide. The date stated in the Daily FX Activity Statement must
thus be read with reference to MFGS’ Business Cycle (see [254] above), and not
strictly in accordance with Singapore time.

272 In the course of the hearing before me, Vintage did not challenge the
Liquidators’ position that the daily settlement prices for open positions were
marked to the market at MFGS’ close of business on that particular day (_ie_ ,
5.00pm New York time on the same calendar day). Given that the daily
settlement prices for open positions were reflected on the Daily FX Activity
Statements, it would also follow that the Daily FX Activity Statements were
only produced after MFGS’ close of business. This is also the Liquidators’
position (see [253] above).

273 Thus, it has been established that at least two events occurred at or
after MFGS’ close of business respectively. First, at MFGS’ close of business,
any open positions would be marked to the market, and a customer’s Unrealised
Profits or Unrealised Losses would be calculated accordingly. Second, after
this was done, the Daily FX Activity Statements would be produced and sent to
customers.

274 While the above shows the time at which daily settlement prices for open
positions were calculated and Daily FX Activity Statements produced, does it
go so far as to show that the Forward Value was only paid to customers at
MFGS’ close of business? There has been scant evidence as to the time at which
this was made.

275 There is some force in Vintage’s argument that as a matter of obligations
between the parties under the MTA, it _should have_ been able to withdraw the
Forward Value with a Value Date of 1 November 2011 on 1 November 2011
(Singapore time) since the value of these funds, in any event, were already in
the Customer Segregated Accounts. Vintage in fact sought to withdraw US$6m on
31 October 2011 and a further US$5.5m on 1 November 2011. Also, even though
the close of MFGS’ business on 31 October 2011 was notionally fixed at 5.00am
on 1 November 2011 (Singapore time), MFGS could still have paid the Forward
Value due on 1 November 2011 any time after 5.00am on 1 November 2011 in
Singapore time – prior to MFGS’ entry into provision liquidation – and need
not have paid it only at 5.00am on 2 November 2011 (_ie_ , MFGS’ notional
close of business for 1 November 2011).

276 However, in my judgment, two points stand in the way of Vintage’s
argument. First, there is no evidence that the Forward Value with a Value Date
of 1 November 2011 _was in fact paid and credited_ to Vintage’s Ledger Balance
C/F before the commencement of MFGS’ winding up. In this regard, Vintage’s
reliance on the Daily FX Activity Statement dated 1 November 2011 as evidence
that MFGS had made payment of the Forward Value due to Vintage’s Ledger
Balance C/F is not persuasive. If it is accepted (which I do) that the Daily
FX Activity Statement was only produced after MFGS’ close of business on 1
November 2011, the mere fact that the Daily FX Activity Statement dated 1
November 2011 was produced does not show that the Forward Value was credited
_before MFGS entered provisional liquidation_.

277 Second, it is significant that the daily settlement prices were marked to
market at MFGS’ close of business (a fact which Vintage has not disputed). In
my view, given the many customers and product lines which MFGS dealt with on a
daily basis, a system for clearing and settlement and the reconciliation of
accounts had to be put in place. I am persuaded that in the ordinary course of
business, settlement and reconciliation of marked-to-market positions occurred
at MFGS’ close of business.

278 As a matter of operational efficacy, I find it more likely than not that
settlement and reconciliation of _all accounts_ (and not just the marked-to-
market positions) would have occurred at the same time. This lends support to
the argument that MFGS would, in its ordinary course of business, only have
credited the Forward Value to the Ledger Balance C/F, and made payment of the
equivalent value of funds into or within the Customer Segregated Accounts, at
its close of business. It was therefore not able to make payment of the
Forward Value that would ordinarily have been paid on its close of business on
1 November 2011, as MFGS had already been placed in provisional liquidation. I
would also observe that if MFGS had departed from its ordinary practice and
made payment to its customers before it went into provisional liquidation,
this might be considered an unfair preference within s 99 of the Bankruptcy
Act, liable to be unwound under s 329 of the Companies Act.

279 Finally, I note that this position is not inconsistent with the terms of
the MTA. As stated above at [266], the provisions of the MTA do not set out in
great detail MFGS’ mechanism for settlement. What is clear is that MFGS must
perform its obligations under foreign exchange or over-the-counter
transactions (_ie_ , the LFX and Bullion transactions) on the Value Date,
which is defined as the _date_ on which MFGS is to perform its obligations.

280 Given that a Value Date for any particular transaction is only reflected
in the Daily FX Activity Statements and not in any other contractual
documents, the “date” on which MFGS is to perform its obligations should be
read consistently with the Daily FX Activity Statements. The Daily FX Activity
Statements were in turn, dated according to MFGS’ Business Cycle (see [254]
above). Thus, the “date” on which MFGS is to perform its obligations (_ie_ ,
the Value Date) must also take reference from this business cycle. In this
regard, there is no mention in the MTA of the _time_ at which the obligation
is to be performed on a particular Value Date. The MTA should thus be
interpreted to permit MFGS’ payment obligation to be performed only at the
close of business on a particular Value Date. Therefore, on this ground, I do
not accept Vintage’s submission that even if MFGS did not in fact credit the
Forward Value to Vintage’s Ledger Balance C/F on 1 November 2011 (Singapore
time), contractually, MFGS _should_ have done so.

281 In the circumstances, there was therefore no other evidence or basis on
which I could have found that the Forward Value with a Value Date of 1
November 2011 was in fact paid and credited, or should have been paid and
credited, into Vintage’s (and the LFX and Bullion customers’) Ledger Balance
C/F before MFGS was placed into provisional liquidation. For the reasons given
above, I find on the basis of the evidence that it is more likely than not
that MFGS ordinarily made payment of the Forward Value at its close of
business on the applicable Value Date. As a consequence, the Forward Value
with a Value Date of 1 November 2011 had not yet been paid and credited to the
LFX and Bullion customers’ Ledger Balance C/F before the provisional
liquidators were appointed and as a result, is not caught by the ambit of the
statutory trusts imposed by the CTA and SFA and their attendant regulations.
This is also in accordance with the terms of the MTA.

Conclusion on the Value Date issue

282 By the above, Vintage cannot assert a proprietary right to the
US$10,793,862.06 reflected under its Ledger Balance C/F in its Daily FX
Activity Statement dated 1 November 2011. Vintage is only beneficially
entitled to US$4,711,459.18 reflected under its Ledger Balance C/F in its
Daily FX Activity Statement dated 31 October 2011.

283 For completeness, I should highlight that this is not a case where MFGS
has failed to pay what it was required to pay before it entered into
provisional liquidation. There may well be cases where a commodity broker or
CMS licence holder fails to pay or credit a customer’s Ledger Balance C/F when
it was clearly contractually required to do so. In such a hypothetical
situation, on the interpretation preferred in this judgment, money _should
have_ either “accrued to” the customer (under reg 21(1)(_a_) of the CTR), or
been “received on account of” the customer (under reg 16(1)(_a_) of the SFR).
Whether as Vintage argues, the court would hold that a customer has a
proprietary interest in the money that _should_ have been paid is not a point
that I have determined.

The Margin Excess issue

284 Finally, Vintage also argues that it has a proprietary interest in what is
reflected as Margin Excess on its Daily FX Activity Statement dated 31 October
2011. Vintage makes this contention on the basis that the Liquidators, in
particular Mr Yap, had unequivocally admitted on affidavit in OS 22 that MFGS
had treated “excess margins” as moneys held on trust by MFGS for its
customers. Vintage relies on para 18 and 53 of Mr Yap’s first affidavit filed
in OS 22. Paragraph 18 of Mr Yap’s OS 22 affidavit has been set out above (see
[232]) and para 53 is reproduced here:

53\. As highlighted earlier in this affidavit, in accordance with the
provisions of the SFA and its related regulations (including, in particular,
provisions of the [SFR]) and the terms and conditions of the MTA (including,
in particular, clause 15 of the MTA), the funds _received_ by MFGS _from_
customers (_including any excess margins_) were to be and are held on trust
for such customers by MFGS … [emphasis added]

Vintage also refers me to Mr Yap’s first affidavit filed in OS 289, where he
repeated the points set out above.

285 From what Mr Yap has deposed in his affidavit set out above, it cannot be
doubted that the Liquidators take the position that “excess margins” are held
on trust for customers pursuant to the applicable statutes and regulations, as
well as cl A15 of the MTA. The critical question is therefore the definition
of “excess margins”.

286 Vintage submits that “excess margins” are equivalent to the Margin Excess
as reflected in its Daily FX Activity Statements. As I have explained above at
[14(j)], the Margin Excess is calculated by deducting the Initial Margin
Requirement from a customer’s Total Account Equity. Since the Liquidators have
affirmed on affidavit that a customer’s “excess margins” are held on trust for
a customer, Vintage posits that it is entitled to the sum reflected as Margin
Excess on its Daily FX Activity Statement dated 31 October 2011, being
US$11,547,454.49.

287 However, as the Liquidators point out, Mr Yap has stated in the same
breath in his OS 22 affidavit that these “excess margins” are included in the
funds _received_ by MFGS _from_ customers. Plainly, the Unrealised Profits and
Forward Value, being contingent and future debt obligations owed by MFGS to
its customers, are not funds “ _received_ by MFGS _from_ customers”.

288 With respect therefore, I find that the link that Vintage seeks to be
drawn between “excess margins” as stated by Mr Yap, and the Margin Excess in
the Daily FX Activity Statements a highly tenuous one and is not clear and
strong evidence of MFGS’ intention to create a trust over the Margin Excess.

289 To the extent that Vintage seeks to argue that Mr Yap’s statements in his
OS 22 affidavit amount to an express declaration of trust, the remarks I have
made in relation to Vintage’s submissions on the effect of the Liquidators’
conduct (being conduct occurring after the commencement of winding up) at
[235] above apply here in equal measure. I therefore do not accept that these
statements made by Mr Yap in his affidavits show that Vintage is entitled to
the sums reflected as Margin Excess in its Daily FX Statement dated 31 October
2011.

Conclusion

290 Due to the nature of the claims and the issues before me, this judgment
has inevitably been a long one. Here, I set out a summary of my findings:

(a) The Bullion transactions are governed by the CTA and CTR, notwithstanding
MFGS’ capacity as principal counterparty. The CTA and CTR impose a statutory
trust over “money … accruing to a customer” (pursuant to reg 21(1)(_a_) of the
CTR). A statutory trust arises over a Bullion customer’s Ledger Balance C/F,
but not the money segregated to cover MFGS’ Unrealised Profits or Forward
Value obligations, as the latter is not “money … accruing to a customer”.

(b) In respect of the LFX transactions, the SFA and SFR impose a statutory
trust over “money on account of” a customer (pursuant to reg 16(1)(_a_) of the
SFR). A statutory trust arises over an LFX customer’s Ledger Balance C/F, but
not money segregated to cover MFGS’ Unrealised Profits or Forward Value
obligations, as the latter is not “money received on account of” a customer.

(c) MFGS did not intend for the moneys segregated to meet its Unrealised
Profits and Forward Value obligations to be held on express trust for the LFX
and Bullion customers.

(d) The LFX and Bullion customers only have a proprietary claim, pursuant to
the statutory trusts under the CTA, CTR, SFA and SFR, to the sums actually
paid and credited to the Ledger Balance C/F before MFGS appointed provisional
liquidators on 1 November 2011. As MFGS only paid its customers at its close
of business which was pegged to the close of business in New York, the last
relevant payment made was evidenced in the LFX and Bullion customers’ Daily FX
Activity Statements dated 31 October 2011, and Vintage and the LFX and Bullion
customers only have a proprietary claim to sums reflected as Ledger Balance
C/F therein.

(e) MFGS did not hold, and did not intend to hold, the Margin Excess on trust
for the LFX and Bullion customers.

291 By the foregoing, I find in favour of the Liquidators on the substantive
issues. I will hear parties on costs.

Annex A

SEGREGATION REQUIREMENTS AND LOCATION OF SEGREGATED FUNDS  
---  
31/03/2011  
**Segregation Requirements** |  US$  
1. |  Net Ledger Balances in Accounts of Customers |  704,738,439  
2. |  Securities (at fair value) Belonging to Customers |  -  
3. |  Net Unrealised Profit/(Loss) in Open Contracts |  (1,366,800)  
4. |  Net Equity of Customers (Sum of Items 1, 2, and 3) |  703,371,639  
5. |  Add Deficit Accounts |  825,235  
6. |  Amount Required to be Segregated (Sum of 4 and 5) |  704,196,874  
**Location of Segregated Funds** |   
7. |  Segregated Cash on Hand |  -  
8. |  Deposited in Segregated Bank Accounts |  372,035,466  
9. |  Segregated Securities Deposited by Customers |  -  
10. |  Receivables from and Margin Deposits with Clearing House |  82,902,494  
11. |  Net Equities with Futures Brokers |  256,718,606  
12. |  Receivables from and Margin Deposits with Other Parties |  21,582,935  
13. |  Investments in Securities or Other Instruments |  -  
14. |  Others (please specify) |  -  
15. |  Total Amount Segregated (Sum of Items 7 to 14) |  733,239,501  
16. |  Excess/(Deficiency) Funds in Segregation (Items 15 minus Item 6) |  29,042,627  
  
  

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 25 Jun 2015 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

