Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Sim Yong Teng and another _v_ Singapore Swimming Club  
[2015] SGHC 82

Case Number| :| Originating Summons No 144 of 2014  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 01 April 2015  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Chan Seng Onn J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Ragbir Singh s/o Ram Singh Bajwa (Bajwa & Co) for the
plaintiffs; Chan Man Phing and Ng Shu Ping (WongPartnership LLP) for the
defendant.  
Parties| :|  Sim Yong Teng — Goh Eng Eng — Singapore Swimming Club  
  
[LawNet Editorial Note: The appeal to this decision in Civil Appeal No 88 of
2015 was allowed by the Court of Appeal on 2 November 2015. See [2016] SGCA
10.]

1 April 2015| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Chan Seng Onn J:

Introduction

1 Mr Sim Yong Teng and his wife, Mdm Goh Eng Eng (the first and second
plaintiffs respectively), are seeking to set aside the decision made by the
Management Committee (“MC”) of the defendant, the Singapore Swimming Club
(“the Club”), on 8 October 2013 (“the 8 October Decision”), to suspend their
membership in the Club. The plaintiffs claim that the decision was made in
breach of the rules of natural justice and therefore in breach of the Rules of
the Singapore Swimming Club (“the Club Rules”).

2 In the alternative, the second plaintiff also seeks to set aside the
decision on the basis that her membership in the Club was a separate
membership from the first plaintiff’s membership and therefore the decision of
the MC to suspend her membership was in breach of the Club Rules.

The Factual Matrix

The Ground of Suspension

3 Before delving into the facts, it would be useful to set out the grounds on
which the plaintiffs were suspended and the various rules regarding the
conduct of MC meetings. The plaintiffs were suspended under rule 15(d) of the
Club Rules (“Rule 15(d)”) which reads as follows:

RULE 15 CESSATION OF MEMBERSHIP

…

(d) In the event that a member:-

(i) Has been convicted in a court of law of competent jurisdiction of any
offence which involves an element of dishonesty or moral turpitude; and which
in the opinion of the Management Committee would if such member were permitted
to remain as a member place the Club in disrepute or embarrass the Club in any
way;

(ii) Flees the country to escape criminal proceedings; or

(iii) Has become an enemy alien then the membership of such member shall be
suspended from the date of the occurrence of such event and the member shall
forfeit all rights and claims upon the Club, its property, and funds.

Notwithstanding the foregoing, the member shall have a grace period of 6
months to transfer his membership to a third party pursuant to Rule 7. In the
event that the member fails to transfer his membership within the 6 months
grace period, his membership shall cease on the expiry of the said period and
he shall not be entitled to transfer his membership nor will he have any
membership rights.

4 The plaintiffs were suspended specifically under rule 15(d)(i) above. It is
not disputed that the proper reading of rule would entail two distinct steps:

(a) a finding that the member has been convicted in a court of law of
competent jurisdiction of any offence which involves an element of dishonesty
or moral turpitude (“First Requirement”); and

(b) the MC must be of the opinion that if such a member were permitted to
remain as a member, it would place the Club in disrepute or embarrass the Club
(“Second Requirement”).

Once the two requirements are satisfied, the membership of such a member will
be suspended from the date of the decision of the MC. This suspension is then
subject to the clause allowing the member a six-month grace period to transfer
his membership to a third party pursuant to rule 7 of the Club Rules on
“transferability” of memberships. It is only when this six-month period
elapses that the membership ceases.

5 The quorum requirement for a valid MC meeting is set out in rule 21(c) of
the Club Rules which provides that the quorum for an MC meeting shall not be
less than one-half the total number of members in the MC. Also, while the MC
has the power to co-opt not more than two members into the MC under rule
21(a)(vii) of the Club Rules, the co-opted members have no power to vote on
issues to be decided at MC meetings.

6 With this in mind, I now turn to the salient facts.

The Background

7 The first plaintiff joined the Club sometime in 1974 or 1975. He is now a
life member of the Club. The second plaintiff is an ordinary member of the
Club and joined around the same time as the first plaintiff. Collectively, the
plaintiffs have a “Family Membership” which is defined in rule 4(n) of the
Club Rules to mean “the joint membership of a Honorary Life, Life or Ordinary
Member and his or her spouse who has become a member of the Club”.

The Insider Trading Conviction

8 On 12 October 2012, the first plaintiff was convicted after pleading guilty
to various offences under the Securities and Futures Act (Cap 289, 2006 Rev
Ed) (“the SFA”) and the Companies Act (Cap 50, 1994 Rev Ed) (“the CA”). One of
these convictions was in respect of an offence of insider trading under s
218(2) of the SFA (“the Insider Trading Conviction”). As the Insider Trading
Conviction formed the basis on which the MC decided that Rule 15(d) applied, I
will briefly discuss the facts and circumstances surrounding the commission of
that offence.

9 In 2006, the first plaintiff was serving as an Executive Chairman and Chief
Executive Officer of Sinwa Limited (“Sinwa”). Between May and June 2006, the
first plaintiff purchased 849,000 Sinwa shares through Tan Leh Hong (“Hong”),
who was at the time his girlfriend and constant companion for about 30 years.

10 Sometime in December 2006, Sinwa entered into negotiations with Phillip
Securities Pte Ltd (“PSPL”) for a potential placement of Sinwa shares. The
first plaintiff was involved in the discussions relating to the placement.
Prior to the public announcement that an agreement was reached between Sinwa
and PSPL, the first plaintiff was told that the proposed price of the
placement would be $0.465 per share. On the day before the public announcement
of the placement agreement and its terms, the first plaintiff through Hong,
sold the 849,000 shares of Sinwa at an average of $0.515 per share. In the two
days following the announcement of the placement however, the share price of
Sinwa increased from $0.530 on 18 January 2007 to $0.590 on 19 January 2007.

11 The first plaintiff was subsequently charged and convicted under s 218(2)
of the SFA for instructing the sale of Sinwa shares whilst in the possession
of information not generally available and which would be expected by a
reasonable person to have a material effect on the price of the shares. In the
course of pleading guilty to the charge, the first plaintiff admitted to the
statement of facts which stated, _inter alia_ , that at the time he instructed
the sale of these shares on 16 January 2007, he knew that the information he
possessed was not generally available and he also knew that if it were
generally available, it might have a material effect on the price or value of
the company’s shares.

12 In mitigation, it was submitted that the offences committed were genuine
oversights and not deliberate contraventions. Further, it was submitted that
the insider trading offence was not committed with the object of dishonest
financial plunder since the share price increased after the placement and the
first plaintiff had deprived himself of an even higher profit by selling the
shares before the announcement of the placement deal.

13 The global sentence imposed on the first plaintiff was a fine of $153,000.
He was also disqualified from being a director of a company for a period of
three years.

The 3 April Decision

14 On 3 April 2013, the MC decided to suspend the membership of the first
plaintiff under Rule 15(d) (“the 3 April Decision”). As the first plaintiff’s
membership was a Family Membership, the second plaintiff’s rights and
privileges were also revoked by the Club.

15 The 3 April Decision arose from a complaint from one of the Club members,
Gary Oon. Gary Oon alleged that the first plaintiff’s Insider Trading
Conviction triggered the application of Rule 15(d). The then General Manager
of the Club, Timothy Mark James (“Mark James”), alerted the first plaintiff of
the complaint lodged against him. As part of the investigations, the first
plaintiff provided Mark James with the charges to which he pleaded guilty,
together with the charges taken into consideration for the purposes of
sentencing.

16 The first plaintiff was also informed that before the MC made a decision on
whether Rule 15(d) applied, he would be given an opportunity to be heard on
both the First Requirement and Second Requirement (see [4] above). Through a
letter from his solicitors, the first plaintiff explained that his conviction
did not involve a finding of dishonesty by the court. As to whether the First
Requirement and Second Requirement were satisfied, the first plaintiff said
that these were matters for the MC to decide.

17 Nevertheless, the Club was prepared to afford the first plaintiff an
opportunity to appear at the next MC meeting. The first plaintiff appeared
before the MC on 26 December 2012. He addressed the First Requirement by
stating that his Insider Trading Conviction did not involve any moral
turpitude since no issues of morality were raised by the court. As for the
Second Requirement, the first plaintiff highlighted his long service to the
Club through his presence on various sub-committees and even disciplinary
committees.

18 The MC, as advised by its Legal and Rules Committee, obtained legal advice
from the Club’s solicitors. The legal opinion from the Club’s solicitors was
presented to the MC on 27 March 2013. The President of the MC, Chua Hoe Sing,
instructed the members to consider the matter in order for a decision to be
made at the next MC meeting.

19 At the meeting of 3 April 2013, the MC unanimously decided to suspend the
membership of the first plaintiff pursuant to Rule 15(d)(i). As a result, the
second plaintiff’s rights and privileges were also revoked. The plaintiffs
were given a period of six months to transfer their membership in accordance
with the Club Rules.

20 Dissatisfied with the decision, the plaintiffs instituted Originating
Summons 572 of 2013 (“OS 572 of 2013”) for an order that the 3 April Decision
be declared null and void for breach of natural justice. The matter came
before me on 4 September 2013 and I granted the order.

21 At the time the 3 April Decision was made, there were a total of 11 MC
members (including two co-opted members). For ease of reference, I now set out
the names of the MC members involved in the 26 December 2012, 27 March 2013
and 3 April 2013 meetings.

Table 1  
---  
**26 December 2012** |  **27 March 2013** |  **3 April 2013**  
_Chua Hoe Sing_ _William Lum_ _Jonathan Wang_ Jenny Seow _Krishnan Kashyap_ Soh Kee Hock Roland Wong Goh Soo Jin Phillip Soh _Philip Chua_ (co-opted) _David Chung_ (co-opted) |  _Chua Hoe Sing_ _William Lum_ _Jonathan Wang_ Soh Kee Hock _Krishnan Kashyap_ _David Chung_ (co-opted) _Philip Chua_ (co-opted) |  _Chua Hoe Sing_ _William Lum_ _Jonathan Wang_ Goh Soo Jin _David Chung_ (co-opted) _Philip Chua_ (co-opted)  
  
  

22 After the 3 April Decision but before OS 572 of 2013 was decided, the Club
had its Annual General Meeting where a new MC was elected. The names
italicised in Table 1 above are members who also formed part of the new MC.
Before OS 572 of 2013 was heard, the President of the MC, Chua Hoe Sing,
approached some members of the new MC to provide their views on the 3 April
Decision. A total of eight members provided their views in letters signed by
them and dated 25 July 2013 (“the 25 July Letters”). These MC members were
Krishnan Kashyap, Joyce Chan, Samuel Chong, Gerad Loo, Michael Ho, Gope
Ramchand, David Chung and Philip Chua. With the exception of Krishnan Kashyap,
the 25 July Letters from the rest all stated that each of them had reviewed
the relevant documents in the case including the minutes of meeting for the 26
December 2012, 27 March 2013 and 3 April 2013 meetings, the legal opinion from
the Club’s lawyers, the documents and explanation provided by the first
plaintiff. Krishnan Kashyap, who was present at the meeting of 26 December
2012, stated that he had heard the explanation given by the first plaintiff at
that meeting and had also reviewed the relevant documents reviewed by the
other members. All the eight members of the new MC unanimously supported the 3
April Decision by the previous MC. The 25 July Letters were exhibited in an
affidavit by Chua Hoe Sing, affirmed on 26 July 2013, and produced in respect
of OS 572 of 2013. As mentioned above, the 3 April Decision was declared null
and void.

The 8 October Decision

23 After OS 572 of 2013, the new MC unanimously decided at a meeting on 12
September 2013 (“12 September Meeting”) to restart the process under Rule
15(d) against the plaintiffs. The new MC also decided that those previously
involved in the 3 April Decision would not be involved in the current decision
making process. The constitution of the next meeting was thus confirmed at
that meeting. Again for ease of reference, I have set out, in Table 2 below,
the members of the new MC at the 12 September Meeting, who determined the
composition of the MC for the next MC meeting to deal with the matter
concerning the plaintiffs.

Table 2  
---  
**12 September 2013 (Members of new MC present)** |  **Members to Decide at the next MC meeting**  
_Chua Hoe Sing_ _William Lum_ _Jonathan Wang_ _David Chung_ _Philip Chua_ Michael Ho Gope Ramchand Samuel Chong Joyce Chan Gerad Loo Krishnan Kashyap (The names italicised above are MC members who attended the 3 April 2013 meeting). |  Michael Ho Gope Ramchand Samuel Chong Joyce Chan Gerad Loo Krishan Kashyap  
  
  

24 The first plaintiff was informed of the decision to restart the process and
that both he and the second plaintiff would be given an opportunity to be
heard at the MC meeting before the matter was decided. The meeting was finally
held on 8 October 2013 (“8 October Meeting”). Only the first plaintiff
attended it. In the days prior to the 8 October Meeting, the first plaintiff
stated his position, through a letter, that the MC had already decided and
prejudged the matter, as evidenced by the 25 July Letters.

25 At the meeting (which was constituted as per the second column in Table 2
above), the Chairman of the meeting, Michael Ho, informed the first plaintiff
that there were only 6 members present because the rest of the MC members were
intentionally left out. He explained that Gary Oon was the complainant and
therefore was in a position of conflict of interest. Chua Hoe Sing, William
Lum and Jonathan Wang were the three elected MC members who made the 3 April
Decision. They were also left out due to their prior involvement in the 3
April Decision. Finally, David Chung and Philip Chua were co-opted members who
participated in the meeting on 3 April 2013. That left only 6 members (out of
12), which was the minimum for a valid quorum to hear the matter.

26 During the meeting, the first plaintiff tendered a letter to the MC which
started by reiterating his position that the MC should not hear the matter as
it had already prejudged him. After the first plaintiff left the meeting, the
MC deliberated on the issue and came to a unanimous decision on the First
Requirement. It decided that the Insider Trading Conviction did involve an
element of moral turpitude. As for the Second Requirement, the MC decided by a
5-1 majority that by allowing the first plaintiff to remain as a member, it
would place the Club in disrepute or embarrass the Club. The plaintiffs were
thus suspended and given six months to transfer the membership to a third
party (the “8 October Decision”).

27 The plaintiffs now seek an order that the 8 October Decision was null and
void for being in breach of natural justice. The second plaintiff argues, in
the alternative, that the decision to suspend her membership was not in
accordance with the Club Rules.

The plaintiffs’ case

28 Counsel for the plaintiffs argues that the Insider Trading Conviction does
not have an element of dishonesty or moral turpitude. He submits that there
was no finding of dishonesty by the court. Further, the first plaintiff was
suspended from being a director under s 154(2) and not s 154(1) of the CA.
This is of significance because s 154(1) requires the court to find fraud or
dishonesty. No such finding was necessary under s 154(2). According to
counsel, this is indicative that the Insider Trading Conviction had no element
of dishonesty.

29 As for the element of moral turpitude, he argues that moral turpitude
should be defined as “conduct that shocks the public conscious [_sic_] as
being inherently base, vile, or depraved, contrary to the rules of morality
and the duties owed between man and man, either one’s fellow man or society in
general”. He further argues that because the Insider Trading Conviction was
one of strict liability and the first plaintiff’s mitigation showed that the
Insider Trading Conviction was a genuine oversight and not with the object of
dishonest financial plunder, his conduct displayed no evil intent and
therefore involved no moral turpitude.

30 Counsel for the plaintiffs also argues that the 8 October Decision was made
in breach of the rules of natural justice since the MC had prejudged the
matter. Counsel relied on the 25 July Letters produced in OS 572 of 2013 to
show that all six members of the MC had prejudged the matter before the 8
October Meeting. Accordingly, they should have disqualified themselves.
Counsel also submits that the six members colluded with the previous MC by
providing the 25 July Letters for OS 572 of 2013.

31 Finally, and in the alternative, counsel argues that the second plaintiff’s
membership is separate and distinct from that of the first plaintiff’s. He
submits that the second plaintiff is an ordinary member in her own right and
that there is one family account for administrative purposes but two ordinary
memberships. Thus, the MC’s decision to suspend the second plaintiff’s
membership was in breach of the Club Rules.

The defendant’s case

32 On the other hand, counsel for the defendant submits that because the
relationship between the plaintiffs and the defendant is purely contractual,
the court should only review the decision of the MC if it was made in breach
of the rules of natural justice, contrary to the Club Rules or not made _bona
fide_. As the finding of moral turpitude was one for the MC to make, the court
should not in the absence of the limited circumstances mentioned above,
interfere with the decision.

33 In any event, counsel submits that the Insider Trading Conviction involved
an element of moral turpitude and moral turpitude refers to conduct falling
below the required standards of integrity, probity and trustworthiness.
Counsel contends that moral turpitude was present for the Insider Trading
Conviction because the first plaintiff had abused his fiduciary position in
Sinwa by misusing confidential price-sensitive information.

34 Counsel submits that there was no breach of the rules of natural justice
because the 8 October Meeting was specifically constituted to exclude MC
members who might have been placed in a conflict of interest. The MC also
reheard the case with an open mind. The allegation of collusion between the
new MC members and the previous MC members is without merit. The fact that the
President of the MC, Chua Hoe Sing, who was involved in the 3 April Decision,
had sat on the 12 September Meeting to decide the constitution of the 8
October Meeting is insufficient to show any collusion between the new MC and
the previous MC.

35 In any event, counsel for the defendant submits that the 8 October Meeting
was constituted out of necessity. A minimum of six members was required for a
quorum. One of the members of the MC, who was co-opted onto the new MC was the
complainant while the remaining members had been involved in the 3 April
Decision. Therefore, even if the 8 October Decision was made in breach of the
rules of natural justice, it should not be declared null and void because the
principle of necessity applies.

36 Finally, counsel submits that the suspension of the Family Membership was
in accordance with the Club Rules. Counsel points to the following facts to
show that the Family Membership is treated as one account:

(a) it has the same account number, but is given a separate extension;

(b) it must be transferred by both spouses jointly, pursuant to rule 7(f) of
the Club Rules;

(c) the monthly statement of accounts is addressed to only to one member; and

(d) the account or the minimum spending levy chargeable to the Family
Membership cannot be split into two.

37 Since the plaintiffs’ membership is in fact a Family Membership, counsel
submits that there is no basis to challenge the suspension of the second
plaintiff.

Issues

38 The issues which arise are:

(a) whether the MC members involved in making the 8 October Decision should
have disqualified themselves in the first place because of the 25 July
Letters;

(b) whether the principle of necessity is applicable;

(c) whether the 8 October Decision was made _bona fide_ and the rules of
natural justice were observed;

(d) whether the court should disturb the finding of the MC that the Insider
Trading Conviction involved an element of moral turpitude;

(e) whether the Court should disturb the MC’s opinion that permitting the
first plaintiff to remain as a member would place the Club in disrepute and
embarrass the Club; and

(f) whether the suspension of the first plaintiff’s membership affects the
second plaintiff’s rights and privileges.

The rules of natural justice when social clubs are involved

39 In _Kay Swee Pin v Singapore Island Country Club_ [2008] 2 SLR(R) 802 (“
_Kay Swee Pin_ ”), the Court of Appeal explained the relationship between the
social clubs and their members as follows (at [2]):

… The legal relationship between any club and its members lies in contract,
and the rights of members are determined by the terms of the contract, which
are found in the constitution or the rules of the club. The traditional
approach of the courts to social clubs is to leave such clubs to manage their
own affairs. However, where a club expels a member, it may only do so in
compliance with the rules of natural justice. …

40 It was also observed in _Khong Kin Hoong Lawrence v Singapore Polo Club_
[2014] 3 SLR 241 (“ _Lawrence Khong_ ”) (at [23]):

The rules of natural justice are universal rules that govern the conduct of
human behaviour. These rules are widely accepted to be of paramount
importance. Contracting parties accept the rules of natural justice as obvious
terms which are often not mentioned in their contract. Hence, courts assume
that parties must have intended these rules to govern their contractual terms
even if the contract is silent as to such rules. Therefore the rules of
natural justice are implied terms of the contract between the Plaintiff and
the Defendant. The rules of natural justice require the Defendant to act
fairly against its members, such as the Plaintiff, especially when the
disciplinary proceedings may result in sanctions. …

41 The parties do not dispute that the rules of natural justice are to be
adhered to when the MC holds a hearing or an enquiry to deal with the question
of suspension and cessation of the membership of a member under Rule 15(d).
The rules of natural justice can be recast as a duty to act fairly in all the
circumstances of the case. There are two main pillars to the rules of natural
justice – _nemo iudex in causa sua_ (no man shall be a judge in his own
cause), also known as the rule against bias and the _audi alteram partem_ rule
which requires that no man shall be condemned unheard. In _Kay Swee Pin_ , the
following observations were made (at [6]–[7]):

6 A duty to act in accordance with natural justice is nowadays considered as a
duty to act fairly. …

…

7 A duty to act fairly involves a duty to act impartially. Procedural fairness
requires that the decision-maker should not be biased or prejudiced in a way
that precludes a genuine and fair consideration being given to the arguments
or evidence presented by the parties: _Halsbury's_ at para 10.050. It is also
a cardinal principle of natural justice that no man shall be condemned
unheard. Compliance with the _audi alteram partem_ rule requires that the
party liable to be directly affected by the outcome of the disciplinary
proceedings should be given notice of the allegation against him and should be
given a fair opportunity to be heard. Notice includes notice of any evidence
put before the tribunal. It is a breach of natural justice for evidence to be
received behind the back of the party concerned: _Halsbury's_ at para 10.060.
It will generally be a denial of justice to fail to disclose to that party
specific material relevant to the decision if he is thereby deprived of an
opportunity to comment on such material. Similarly, if a tribunal, after the
close of the hearing, comes into possession of further evidence, the party
affected should be invited to comment upon it: see _Halsbury's_ at para
10.061.

42 While the scope of the rules of natural justice is not disputed, the rules
of natural justice themselves as a concept, being flexible in its application,
may apply with different rigour depending on the particular circumstances of
each case. The Court of Appeal in _Kay Swee Pin_ , while deciding that a more
rigorous application of the rules of natural justice applied in the context of
a social club case, observed as follows:

6 … Its content varies with the circumstances of the case. Certain factors
will increase the likelihood of the principles being applied rigorously, eg,
where there is an express duty to decide only after conducting a hearing or an
inquiry, or where the exercise of disciplinary powers may deprive a person of
his property rights or impose a penalty on him. All disciplinary bodies have a
duty to act fairly as expulsion, suspension or other punishment or the casting
of a stigma may be involved: _Halsbury's_ at para 10.049. What fairness
requires and what is involved in order to achieve fairness is for the decision
of the courts as a matter of law. The issue is not one for the discretion of
the decision-maker: see _De Smith's_ at para 7-009, p 361.

…

10 In the present case, a more rigorous application of the rules of natural
justice is called for as the rules of the Club ("the Rules") confer on the GC
very general and extensive disciplinary powers over the Club's members. The
intention of the founders of the Club can be seen in r 34(a) of the Rules,
which deals with the expulsion and suspension of members as well as the
imposition of lesser penalties on members. It provides that no appeal shall
lie from a decision of the GC to any court of law. Such restrictions that oust
the jurisdiction of the courts have been declared by the courts to be null and
void as they are contrary to public policy. SICC is, of course, not relying on
this provision in the present case, but its presence in the Rules is a
reminder of the power which a governing body of a club can have over the
club's members under the rules of the club.

43 Similarly it was observed in _Lawrence Khong_ (at [24]–[25]):

24 The application of the implied rules of natural justice varies with the
factual matrix of each case. In _Kay Swee Pin_ , it was held at [10] that the
more extensive and coercive the disciplinary powers of the committee in
question, the more rigorous the application of the rules of natural justice.
The rules of the Singapore Island Country Club in _Kay Swee Pin_ provided the
general committee with powers of expulsion and suspension as well as the
ability to impose lesser penalties on members: _Kay Swee Pin_ at [10]. This is
exactly the same as the disciplinary powers of the Committee of the Defendant
as established by rr 23(a) and 23(b) of the Constitution. Rule 23(a), as laid
out above, provides the power of expulsion whereas r 23(b) stipulates that:

The committee may at the conclusion of such hearing suspend the Member or
impose any other lesser penalty.

25 Therefore a more rigorous application of the rules of natural justice, in
the form of contractual terms implied by law, should apply in this case. …

44 The case before me differs slightly from _Kay Swee Pin_ and _Lawrence
Khong_. In _Kay Swee Pin_ , the club member was suspended for a period of one
year after being charged by the general committee for acting in a manner
prejudicial to the interests of the Club and its members by falsely declaring
one Ng Kong Yeam as her spouse in her membership application (see _Kay Swee
Pin_ at [17]–[18]). In _Lawrence Khong_ , the club member had been suspended
for two months pursuant to a decision by a disciplinary committee after it
found that the member had acted in a manner prejudicial to the interests of
the Club. Both the general committee in _Kay Swee Pin_ and the disciplinary
committee in _Lawrence Khong_ had wide ranging powers of censure including
powers of expulsion and suspension, which was why a more rigorous application
of the rules of natural justice was called for.

45 While the Club in this case does have such wide-ranging powers of expulsion
and suspension, it must be noted that those powers are exercisable under rule
13 of the Club Rules and only after a three or five member disciplinary
committee has been convened to hear the matter. If disciplinary powers in this
case were indeed exercised under rule 13 of the Club Rules, it would be
incontrovertible that the principles of natural justice would apply in their
full rigour. However, the MC in this case is not sitting as a disciplinary
committee under rule 13. The facts involving the Insider Trading Conviction
have already been ascertained and the only questions are whether the
conviction carries an element of moral turpitude and secondly, whether in the
opinion of the MC, allowing the member to remain a member would place the Club
in disrepute or embarrass it. These are inferences to be drawn from known or
decided facts rather than fact finding _per se_. The MC does not have to find
whether the first plaintiff had in fact engaged in any insider trading
contrary to s 218(2) of the SFA. In _Kay Swee Pin_ and _Lawrence Khong_ , the
members had to answer charges preferred against them. There is no charge
preferred here against either of the plaintiffs to which the MC has to make
findings of fact in relation thereto nor was there a need to under Rule 15(d).
Furthermore, when the MC makes a positive determination under Rule 15(d) that
the First Requirement and the Second Requirement are made out (see [4] above),
the membership of the member has to be suspended pending the sale of the
membership to a third party within a six-month period. The MC has no
discretion to decide on the kind of disciplinary action to be taken against a
member under Rule 15(d) as the course of action to be taken is fixed and
prescribed in Rule 15(d) itself. In relation to the factors mentioned in _Kay
Swee Pin_ (at [6]) which affect the likelihood of the principles of natural
justice being applied more rigorously, there is no express duty here on the MC
to conduct a hearing. As for the fact that the decision affects property
rights, it must be noted that what essentially happens on the application of
Rule 15(d) is the forced sale of the Club membership.

46 In Kay Swee Pin, it was further observed (at [4]):

We, however, pointed out to counsel that this case did not involve simply the
suspension of a member from the Club. It was pertinent that membership of the
Club was transferable. Membership of SICC is highly sought after for its
social cachet as well as for the recreational, social and sports facilities
(especially golf facilities) which the Club offers. Membership of SICC is
regarded as a symbol of social success by many. For these reasons, membership
of SICC comes at a high price. In the present case, the appellant paid
$190,000 in 1992 to purchase her transferable membership. Hence, a
transferable membership has not only a social value but also an economic
value.

47 In this case, the member was given six months to sell the membership. I do
not think that it is an unreasonable time frame or one which would result in a
severe reduction in the economic value of the membership as a result of the
member being hamstrung to sell. As a result of the application of Rule 15(d),
the member only suffers a loss of social value that the membership brings and
damage to his or her reputation. Therefore, while the rules of natural justice
are applicable to a determination made under Rule 15(d), for the reasons I
have stated, they are not to be applied with the same rigour as they were in
_Kay Swee Pin_ and _Lawrence Khong_.

48 With these general principles in mind, I now turn to the specific issues.
As issues (a) and (b) set out in [38] are related, I will deal with them
together.

Whether the MC members should have disqualified themselves and whether the
principle of necessity applies?

49 The principle of necessity was discussed in _Lawrence Khong_ as follows:

42 The principle of necessity in administrative law is described in
_Halsbury's Laws of Singapore_ vol 1 (LexisNexis Singapore, 2012) at para
10.056:

A person subject to disqualification at common law may be required to decide
the matter if there is no competent alternative forum to hear the matter or if
a quorum cannot be formed without him. Thus, if all members of the only
tribunal competent to determine a matter are subject to disqualification, they
may be authorised and obliged to hear and determine the matter by virtue of
necessity.

43 The rule of necessity was considered in _Anwar Siraj v Tang I Fang_
[1981-1982] SLR(R) 391. It was unsuccessfully invoked because the relevant
legislation provided for an alternative individual to act in the place of the
disqualified arbiter. A P Rajah J had, in that case, impliedly accepted that
the rule applied in Singapore. However, that case seems to indicate that the
rule of necessity is more applicable to public bodies rather than private
disciplinary tribunals. In _Laws_ ([38] supra), Mason CJ and Brennan J
described the underlying rationale of the rule of necessity at 89 as such:

... The rule of necessity gives expression to the principle that the rules of
natural justice cannot be invoked to frustrate the intended operation of a
statute which sets up a tribunal and requires it to perform the statutory
functions entrusted to it. Or, to put the matter another way, the statutory
requirement that the tribunal perform the functions assigned to it must
prevail over and displace the application of the rules of natural justice. ...

50 The principle of necessity was held to be inapplicable in _Lawrence Khong_
for a number of reasons. Firstly, no adequate explanation was given as to why
the only two members who were not disqualified from sitting on the tribunal
did not in fact sit on the tribunal. The court was of the view that having a
quorum with two untainted members and three tainted members was preferable to
having a quorum with five tainted members in order to minimise doubts as to
impartiality. Furthermore, one more neutral member could have been co-opted
onto the committee to sit with the two untainted members to ensure that the
majority of the committee was untainted. Finally, the court reasoned that
nothing in the rules of the club prohibited a sub-committee with delegated
powers to conduct disciplinary hearings from being appointed. The court
observed as follows (at [51]):

The Defendant had sought to rely on a particular interpretation of the
Constitution that would have allowed for the rule of necessity to displace the
rules of natural justice. There must be clear and unambiguous language in the
Constitution to indicate that the power to conduct disciplinary hearing rests
solely with the Committee and that this could not be delegated. Unless all
other interpretations are absurd, this Court should be slow to find that a
particular term of a contract permits any breach of natural justice to occur
via the application of the rule of necessity.

51 In _Chiam See Tong v Singapore Democratic Party_ [1993] 3 SLR(R) 774 (“
_Chiam See Tong_ ”), Warren L H Khoo J applied the principle of necessity to
determine that the Singapore Democratic Party’s central executive committee,
in spite of allegations of bias, could sit as a disciplinary committee in
judgment of the plaintiff. The claim by the plaintiff was allowed on grounds
that a fair hearing was not given (at [52]). But in relation to the
allegations of bias and the applicability of the principle of necessity, the
court observed as follows:

57 It seems to me that the plaintiff has formidable difficulties on this issue
of bias. Defence counsel, in an able and well-researched submission, rightly
reminds me that the relationship between the plaintiff and the defendants was
based on contract. The plaintiff was bound by the constitution. The
constitution clearly designates the CEC as the body responsible for
disciplining members of the party. There is no alternative tribunal. The
plaintiff, by being a member of the party, had agreed that the members of the
CEC should act in an adjudicative capacity under cl IV(d) of the constitution.

…

61 In the absence of an alternative tribunal, it seems to me that out of
necessity the CEC had to sit in judgment of the plaintiff, as otherwise the
defendants would be powerless to act against the alleged infractions of
discipline. I am much encouraged in taking this view by the following
statement (citing authorities) in _De Smith's Judicial Review of
Administrative Action_ (4th Ed, 1980) p 276:

An adjudicator who is subject to disqualification at common law may be
required to sit if there is no other competent tribunal or if a quorum cannot
be formed without him. Here the doctrine of necessity is applied to prevent a
failure of justice. So, if proceedings were brought against all the superior
judges, they would have to sit as judges in their own cause. Similarly, a
judge may be obliged to hear a case in which he has a pecuniary interest. The
judges of Saskatchewan were held to be required ex necessitate to pass upon
the constitutionality of legislation rendering them liable to pay income tax
on their salaries.

52 From the preceding discussion, I see no reason why the principle of
necessity should only be confined to bodies exercising statutory functions. It
must certainly be implied in the Club Rules that the rules of natural justice
should not be used to frustrate or stifle the decision-making powers of the MC
and render it powerless to act as required by the Club Rules themselves. What
is clear is that the threshold to invoke the principle of necessity is high.
The court must consider all the circumstances of the case and decide whether
all practical alternatives are not in fact available. _Lawrence Khong_ also
shows that the decision-making body must do all that is within its power to
reduce any bias or reasonable suspicion or apprehension of bias before the
court would hold that the principle of necessity applies.

53 I find that the defendant may avail itself of the principle of necessity in
the circumstances of the present case. Unlike _Lawrence Khong_ , co-opting
members onto the MC is not a viable alternative because the co-opted members
do not have the power to vote at MC meetings under rule 21(a)(vii). More
importantly, the power of the MC under Rule 15(d) is non-delegable. Rule 15(d)
expressly refers to “the opinion of the Management Committee”. Although rule
22 of the Club Rules allows for delegation to an “Ad-Hoc Committee” with such
terms of reference as the MC may from time to time determine, I am of the view
that the power exercisable under Rule 15(d) is for the MC alone to exercise.
Therefore, unlike the situation in _Lawrence Khong_ , the MC here could not
delegate its power under Rule 15(d) to any other committee.

54 Finally, I am also of the view that the MC had done everything in its power
to reduce, as much as was practicably possible, any bias including any
suspicion or apprehension of bias when it decided on the MC members to make up
the MC to hear and decide the matter. The MC specifically decided at the 12
September Meeting to exclude members who were part of the 3 April Decision and
to exclude the complainant, Gary Oon. The six members that were left were
necessary to form a valid quorum. Although they had written the 25 July
Letters, these six members were the least susceptible to allegations of bias,
real or apparent. The MC had thus gone down the route which can be said to be
the least of all evils in the circumstances of the case.

55 If all these six remaining MC members were also required to disqualify
themselves, there will be no available MC with the necessary quorum to deal
with the matter. This will frustrate the Club’s ability under the Club Rules
(which all the members have agreed to at the point of joining the Club) to
ensure that its members do not cause embarrassment or bring disrepute to the
Club in any way, and should they do so by reason of having been convicted of
an offence in a court of law involving dishonesty or moral turpitude, to
remove them as members under the Club Rules in order to safeguard and preserve
the reputation of the Club. For the purpose of constituting the MC to enable
it to deal with such an important matter concerning the reputation of the
Club, the doctrine of necessity must prevail over and displace the rules of
natural justice to the extent necessary for this purpose to be achieved (see
_Laws v Australian Broadcasting Tribunal_ [1990] 170 CLR 70 at 96).

56 Taking the plaintiffs’ case at its highest and assuming that the only fact
that was before me was the presence of the 25 July Letters which expressed the
individual views of the MC members in regard to the correctness of the 3 April
Decision, I am prepared to accept that there could be some form of apparent
bias. It must be stressed that this is solely on the basis of the 25 July
Letters while disregarding all other facts from the 12 September Meeting
(where the constitution of the 8 October Meeting was decided) leading up to
the 8 October Decision. Even on this basis, I hold that the principle of
necessity as an exception to the disqualifying effect of the rule against
apparent bias applies. Not to allow the operation of the principle of
necessity would be detrimental to the interest of the Club in safeguarding its
reputation in accordance with the Club Rules. Accordingly, the members of the
MC did not have to disqualify themselves in the particular circumstances of
this case.

57 However, the finding that the MC was constituted out of necessity does not
mean that the MC could thereafter act or decide in a manner that would be in
breach of any of the rules of natural justice. As was observed above (see [51]
above), in _Chiam See Tong_ , Warren Khoo J set aside a decision by the
central executive committee of the Singapore Democratic Party on grounds that
a fair hearing was not given despite finding that the rule of necessity
applied in the circumstances of the case. I am inclined to think that I will
have to scrutinise even more closely whether the MC, constituted out of
necessity, had in fact allowed its previous views to dictate or predetermine
the eventual outcome of the 8 October Decision or whether it kept an open mind
and considered all the materials afresh including any new materials which may
have become available. I will also examine all the factual circumstances
including the conduct of the MC members in the course of the hearing, the
manner in which the hearing was conducted and the procedures adopted, in so
far as they are relevant to the question whether any breach of the rules of
natural justice is made out on the particular facts of the case. In other
words, I will have to scrutinise closely whether there is any breach of the
rules of natural justice (including both bias and predetermination, actual or
apparent) bearing in mind that the ultimate question is whether the MC, in
making the 8 October Decision, has fulfilled its duty to act fairly in all the
circumstances of the case.

Whether the 8 October Decision was made _bona fide_ and in breach of the rules
of natural justice?

58 The burden is on the plaintiffs to prove the predetermination or
prejudgment that would amount to a breach of the rules of natural justice. The
plaintiffs merely assert that there was prejudgment on the part of the MC
which tainted its eventual decision without clearly detailing any specific
facts (apart from their exclusive reliance on the 25 July Letters) on how (a)
the 8 October Decision was not made _bona fide_ and had been prejudged; or (b)
the MC had been overly dictated by their prior views (articulated in the 25
July Letters more than two months before the 8 October Decision) such that the
MC had not considered afresh or with an open mind, all the relevant materials
and the submissions by the plaintiffs.

59 The defendant, on the other hand, alludes to the following facts to show
that the MC had acted fairly and submits that apparent bias is not made out on
the totality of the facts:

(a) Members who were or might be potentially in a position of conflict of
interest were excluded.

(b) The MC rescheduled the hearing in order to accommodate the first
plaintiff’s schedule so that he would be given the full opportunity to be
heard.

(c) At the 8 October Meeting, the MC heard the first plaintiff’s explanation
for an hour, during which they engaged him on the issues in question.

(d) The MC also requested for further documents, and took into account the new
documents tendered by the first plaintiff after his oral explanation at the 8
October Meeting.

(e) The MC took about half an hour to deliberate after the conclusion of the
hearing before deciding on the matter.

(f) The MC did not consider itself bound by the 25 July Letters. In fact, one
of the MC members changed his mind, and voted against the finding that it
would bring disrepute to the Club if the first plaintiff were allowed to
remain as a member.

60 The above facts cannot be seriously disputed as they are reflected in the
documents and minutes of the 8 October Meeting. As shall be observed (see
[69]), these are some of the relevant facts that have to be taken into account
when the court determines whether the 8 October Decision was made in breach of
the rules of natural justice. In finally determining whether the decision of
the MC constituted out of necessity should be set aside on the ground that the
decision was not made fairly or that the rules of natural justice have been
breached, all these facts raised by the defendant have to be weighed against
the 25 July Letters where the MC members had previously expressed certain
personal views adverse to the first plaintiff on the very matter that they
were required to decide at the 8 October Meeting.

61 At the outset, I must state that there is insufficient evidence to support
the plaintiffs’ allegation that the new MC had colluded with the former MC.
The fact that the members sitting on the new MC hearing the matter had shown
support for the 3 April Decision through the 25 July Letters is insufficient
proof of a serious allegation of collusion.

62 Counsel for the plaintiffs claims that the 25 July Letters written by all
six MC members who made the 8 October Decision show that the MC members had
prejudged the first plaintiff. This he claims is a breach of the rules of
natural justice.

63 In _Regina (Lewis) v Redcar and Cleveland Borough Council_ [2009] 1 WLR 83,
Longmore LJ commented as follows:

106 It is clear from the authorities that the fact that members of a local
planning authority are "predisposed" towards a particular outcome is not
objectionable: see e.g. _R v Amber Valley District Council_ [1985] 1 WLR 298.
That is because it would not be at all surprising that members of a planning
authority in controversial and long-running cases will have a preliminary view
as to a desirable outcome. That will be all the more so if there is an element
of political controversy about any particular application, since planning
authority members elected on a particular ticket would, other things being
equal, be naturally predisposed to follow the party line. None of this is
remotely objectionable.

107 What is objectionable, however, is "predetermination" in the sense I have
already stated, namely, that a relevant decision-maker made up his or her mind
finally at too early a stage. That is not to say that some arguments cannot be
regarded by any individual member of the planning authority as closed before
(perhaps well before) the day of decision, provided that such arguments have
been properly considered. But it is important that the minds of members be
open to any new argument at all times up to the moment of decision.

108 If that is the right meaning to give to that species of bias known as
predetermination, it is an undesirable and indeed unjudicial attribute. I
would not think it right to say, if the fair-minded and well-informed observer
considered that there was a real risk that one or more members of the planning
authority had refused even to consider a relevant argument or would refuse to
consider a new argument, that the decision should stand. Nor do I think that
any of the authorities to which Mr Drabble referred us go that far.

109 _Conversely, however, the test of apparent bias relating to
predetermination is an extremely difficult test to satisfy._ This case in my
judgment comes nowhere near satisfying this test for the reasons which Pill
and Rix LJJ have given.

[emphasis added]

64 The time for determining whether there has been a breach of natural justice
should be the conclusion of the entire hearing at the 8 October Meeting since
all the factual circumstances leading up to the 8 October Decision and the
decision making process can then be examined. On the present facts, there is
insufficient evidence to conclude that the MC or any members of the MC had _in
fact_ “closed their mind” during the hearing which continued to the time the 8
October Decision was made or that they were in fact separately biased towards
the plaintiffs in some way.

65 In fact, much of the evidence placed before me appears to indicate the
contrary (see [59] above). However, this does not rule out the possibility
that the 25 July Letters (the sole fact relied on by the plaintiffs to allege
a breach of natural justice by the MC) may in fact show that the 8 October
Decision was tainted with apparent bias or predetermination or both. It must
be noted that I had accepted the possibility of apparent bias being made out
on the basis that the only fact before me was the 25 July Letters (see above
at [56]). On that assumption, I found that necessity applied such that the MC
members did not have to disqualify themselves. I will now proceed to determine
if apparent bias is indeed made out having regard to all the circumstances of
the case. H W R Wade & C F Forsyth, _Administrative Law_ (Oxford University
Press, 11th Ed, 2014) at page 394 contains the following instructive passage
on the distinction between appearance of bias and predetermination, which has
to be borne in mind:

The appearance of bias and predetermination are distinct concepts.
Predetermination consists in ‘the surrender by a decision-making body of its
judgment’, for instance, by failing to apply his mind properly to the task at
hand or by adopting an over-rigid policy. The decision is unlawful but not
because it may appear biased (although in many cases it will). On the other
hand, a decision-maker may apply his mind properly to the matter for decision
and make a decision that is exemplary save that, because of some prior
involvement or connection with the matter, the fair minded observer would
apprehend bias. The decision is once more unlawful but for a completely
different reason. Only in rare cases will the distinction between these two
concepts be significant.

66 I turn now to the law on apparent bias. The test for apparent bias was
discussed at length in _Re Shankar Alan s/o Anant Kulkarni_ [2007] 1 SLR(R) 85
(“ _Shankar_ ”). The law, as it stands, is neatly summarised in _Lawrence
Khong_ :

28 Sundaresh Menon JC (as he then was) in _Shankar_ undertook a very thorough
analysis of local and English jurisprudence before arriving at the test for
apparent bias. He concluded that the two most common tests are based on a
"reasonable suspicion of bias" and a "reasonable likelihood of bias". In _Tang
Kin Hwa v Traditional Chinese Medicine Practitioners Board_ [2005] 4 SLR(R)
604 ("_Tang Kin Hwa_ "), Andrew Phang Boon Leong JC (as he then was) also
dealt with these two tests. He came to the conclusion that there is "no
difference in substance" in _Tang Kin Hwa_ at [45]. However, Menon JC in
_Shankar_ explained that there are important differences at [74]-[75]:

I would therefore, with some reluctance, differ from the view taken by Phang
JC in _Tang Kin Hwa_ that there is no practical difference between the two
tests. In my judgment, there are indeed some important difference between them
the most important of which are the reference point of the inquiry or the
perspective or view point from which it is undertaken, namely whether it is
from the view point of the court or that of a reasonable member of the public;
and the substance of the inquiry, namely, whether it is concerned with the
degree of possibility that there was bias even if it was unconscious, or
whether it is concerned with how it appears to the relevant observer and
whether that observer could reasonably entertain a suspicion or apprehension
of bias even if the court was satisfied that there was no possibility of bias
in fact. These two aspects are closely related and go towards addressing
different concerns. The 'real danger' or 'real likelihood' test is met as long
as a court is satisfied that there is sufficient degree of possibility of
bias. As noted by Deane J in _Webb_ this is plainly a lower standard of proof
than that on a balance of probabilities. But that lower test is in truth
directed at mitigating the sheer difficulty of proving actual bias especially
given its insidious and often subconscious nature.

The 'reasonable suspicion' test however is met if the court is satisfied that
a reasonable number of the public could harbour a reasonable suspicion of bias
even though the court itself thought there was no real danger of this on the
facts. The driver behind this test is the strong public interest in ensuring
public confidence in the administration of justice.

29 After explaining the differences in the two tests, Menon JC in _Shankar_
said at [76] that "[i]t is settled law in Singapore having regard to several
pronouncements of the Court of Appeal that the 'reasonable suspicion' test is
the law in Singapore". In applying this test the Court of Appeal in _Tang
Liang Hong v Lee Kuan Yew_ [1997] 3 SLR(R) 576 gave some guidance at [46]:

The test to be applied in determining whether there is any apparent bias on
the part of the tribunal hearing the case or matter in question has been
settled by this court in _Jeyaretnam Joshua Benjamin v Lee Kuan Yew_ [1992] 1
SLR(R) 791 at [79]-[83], and it is this: would a reasonable and fair-minded
person sitting in court and knowing all the relevant facts have a reasonable
suspicion that a fair trial for the litigant concerned is not possible.

30 The test is an objective one. This principle has been adequately described
in _R v West Midlands and North West Mental Health Review Tribunal_ [2004]
EWCA Civ 311 at [6], cited with approval by Philip Pillai J in _Lim Mey Lee
Susan v Singapore Medical Council_ [2011] 4 SLR 156 at [54], as follows:

Public perception of a possibility of unconscious bias is the key ... The need
for a Tribunal to be impartial and independent means that 'it must also be
impartial from an objective viewpoint, that is it must offer sufficient
guarantees to exclude any legitimate doubt in this respect' ...

67 In _Gillies v Secretary of State for Work and Pensions_ [2006] 1 All ER
731, Lord Hope of Craighead provided the following helpful elaboration of the
reasonable and fair minded person (at [17]):

… The fair-minded and informed observer can be assumed to have access to all
the facts that are capable of being known by members of the public generally,
bearing in mind that it is the appearance that these facts give rise to that
matters, not what is in the mind of the particular judge or tribunal member
who is under scrutiny. It is to be assumed, as Kirby J put it in _Johnson v
Johnson_ (2000) 201 CLR 488, 509, para 53, that the observer is neither
complacent nor unduly sensitive or suspicious when he examines the facts that
he can look at. It is to be assumed too that he is able to distinguish between
what is relevant and what is irrelevant, and that he is able when exercising
his judgment to decide what weight should be given to the facts that are
relevant.

68 In _Lawrence Khong_ , which involved a social club, the court framed the
inquiry in this manner:

32 The most important issue in this case is not whether there was actual bias
or whether the Disciplinary Meeting treated the Plaintiff fairly. The issue is
whether a reasonable and fair-minded person _knowing the facts and
circumstances of this case_ would opine that there is a reasonable suspicion
of bias on the part of the five 2013 Committee members present at the
Disciplinary Meeting. In other words, justice must be seen to be done in that
"the appearance of the matter is just as important as the reality": _R v Bow
Street Metropolitan Stipendiary Magistrate, ex parte Pinochet Ugarte (No 2)_
[2000] 1 AC 119 (“ _Pinochet (No 2)_ ”) at 139.

[emphasis added]

69 The court did not seem to be concerned with the nature of the information
(_ie_ whether it was public or private) before imputing the reasonable and
fair minded person with the knowledge of _the circumstances of the case_. It
must be noted that the reasonable suspicion or apprehension of bias test is
deliberately crafted from the standpoint of the member of the public so that
justice is not only done but also perceived by the public to be done. It is
imperative to guard against “inappropriate reliance on special knowledge, the
minutiae of court procedure or other matters outside the ken of the ordinary
reasonably well informed member of the public” (see _Locabail (UK) Ltd v
Bayfield Properties_ [2000] QB 451 at 477). It must also be borne in mind that
the 8 October Meeting was not a public matter but one done in private. I am of
the opinion that in the context of social club cases, imputing the reasonable
and fair minded person with all the relevant information, whether private or
public, does not derogate from the ideal that justice must also be perceived
by the public to be done. However, the information imputed to the reasonable
and fair minded person must be objectively ascertainable and must exclude
special expertise mentioned above or the subjective state of mind of the
decision-maker which is only relevant for actual bias. This conclusion was
similarly reached in _De Souza Lionel Jerome v Attorney-General_ [1992] 3
SLR(R) 552 at [40]–[41]:

40 There remain the questions firstly, through whose eyes is reasonable
suspicion of bias seen, and secondly, what knowledge is he to have? When I
asked counsel the first question, both agreed he should be the ever reliable
"reasonable person". …

41 In _Metropolitan Properties Co (FGC) Ltd v Lannon_ ([22] _supra_),
Danckwerts LJ said at 602: "A person subsequently hearing of these matters
might reasonably feel doubts ...". I would think such a person would hear of
all matters which have come to light. _I would attribute to the reasonable
person knowledge of all matters in evidence before the court where the
decision of the tribunal is challenged other than that there was no actual
bias or that the decision was in any case right (if either be in fact the
case) both of which are quite irrelevant in considering whether there was a
reasonable suspicion of bias._

[emphasis added]

70 Like _Lawrence Khong_ , the relevant facts imputed to the reasonable and
fair minded person in this case would include all the circumstances of the
case, including the correspondence between the Club and the first plaintiff,
the documents laid before the MC, the matters presented and discussed at the
12 September Meeting and even the exchanges between the MC and the first
plaintiff at the hearing itself.

71 In sum, the test is whether a reasonable and fair minded person sitting in
court and knowing all the relevant facts would have a reasonable suspicion or
apprehension that a fair trial is not possible. In the context of the present
case, which is not a trial, and having regard to the nature of the particular
allegations made by the plaintiffs to impugn the 8 October Decision of the MC,
the relevant inquiry is whether a reasonable and fair minded person observing
the proceedings during the MC meeting and having all the relevant facts would
entertain a reasonable suspicion or apprehension that the MC was biased or the
that MC’s decision of 8 October was a predetermined one or both. It is an
objective test from the perspective of a reasonable member of the public and
not the court (_Shankar_ at [82]). Here, the relevant facts that the
reasonable person would be apprised of would be all the circumstances of the
case (see [59] and [70] above) including the correspondence between the first
plaintiff and the MC and even the context in which the 25 July Letters were
made. The further gloss added to this is that “the test of apparent bias
relating to predetermination is an extremely difficult test to satisfy” (see
emphasis above in [63]). This, in addition to the fact that the rules of
natural justice are not to be applied in their full rigour in the present
case, would make the hurdle of establishing apparent bias in the form of
apparent predetermination not so easily jumped over.

72 As mentioned above at [56], I am prepared to accept that a reasonable
suspicion or apprehension would be aroused in the mind of a reasonable and
fair minded person reading the 25 July Letters and who was then later told of
the fact that the MC members who wrote those letters would be deciding the
very matter that they gave their views on. There are good reasons for this
suspicion or apprehension. Firstly, it is part of human nature that a person
would be slow to change their prior views in the absence of anything new. The
integrity of the decision maker would depend on consistency with prior
decisions and for this purpose it is generally more difficult to change one’s
view than to maintain it when the facts and circumstances have not changed. It
may thus lead to a refusal to re-examine the matter afresh with an open mind.
This, however, is not an immutable rule of human behaviour since accepting
that one’s prior view was wrong is also seen as a virtue. Secondly, suspicion
or apprehension would also be aroused since the 25 July Letters were given in
support of a decision made by the former MC, of which some members are on the
current MC and thus colleagues of those who made the 8 October Decision. This
is not to say that there was in fact collusion, but the mere presence of the
possibility would arouse suspicion or apprehension in the reasonable and fair
minded person that the MC could be biased against the first plaintiff.

73 Having said that, I am of the view that there are other relevant facts that
the reasonable and fair minded person would take into account. These are,
firstly, the context in which the 25 July Letters were written. The MC members
did not initiate the writing of the 25 July Letters. They were approached by
the former MC to provide their views. Furthermore, these views were given even
before the 3 April Decision was declared to be null and void. They were given
without any inkling that they would have to decide the matter again. The
allegation made here is in respect of the 8 October Decision. When the 25 July
Letters were written, the 8 October Decision was not contemplated by any of
the MC members. The suspicion or apprehension of a potential predetermination
or bias would be much stronger if the MC members had volunteered to give their
views knowing they would have to sit and decide the matter again. Another
relevant fact for the reasonable and fair minded person to take into account
is that these six MC members were selected out of necessity to form the MC to
hear the matter. If other options were in fact available, they would not have
sat on the MC to determine the first plaintiff’s case.

74 Additionally, the conduct of the MC members showing the objective
circumstances prior to and during the hearing and deliberations at the 8
October Meeting eventually leading to the 8 October Decision would be a
relevant consideration that the reasonable and fair minded person would take
into account. Firstly, the MC decided at the 12 September Meeting to
specifically exclude members who were so obviously in a position of conflict
of interest. There were thus left with six members, who to them were untainted
or the least tainted. This was also the minimum required for a valid quorum.
Furthermore, the MC was accommodating towards the first plaintiff. As
mentioned above, there is no express requirement in Rule 15(d) to hold a
hearing yet the MC was more than willing to hear the first plaintiff out. The
MC first scheduled the meeting between the MC and the first plaintiff on 30
September 2013. However, the first plaintiff was unavailable. The MC thus
decided to reschedule the meeting to 8 October 2013 to accommodate the first
plaintiff. Finally, even when the first plaintiff made allegations of
prejudgment, the MC was prepared to explain to the first plaintiff that they
would keep an open mind and consider the matter afresh. In addressing the
concerns of prejudgment, a letter from the Club provided the following:

4\. … [P]lease note that the MC hearing your matter at the upcoming MC meeting
will exclude members who are in a position of conflict, either real or
apparent. They will not be participating in any part of the discussion or
decision-making of this matter. This should allay your concerns that the MC
has previously decided and pre-judged this matter. This MC will be reviewing
the merits of your matter on the basis of documents and information listed in
our previous letter of 17 September 2013, and any additional documents and/or
information that you may wish to provide, as well as your explanation of the
upcoming meeting.

The reply from the Club also shows that the MC was aware of the need to apply
their minds afresh on the matter. I believe that these MC members would have
rather recused themselves but they had to decide the matter as no alternatives
were available.

75 At the hearing itself, the MC chairman Michael Ho specifically informed the
first plaintiff that they had come to the hearing with an open mind and were
giving him an opportunity to state his case. He also said that the MC members
had read all the documentation pertaining to the case. The MC heard the first
plaintiff’s explanation for about an hour and had engaged him on the two main
issues in question (_ie_ whether the Insider Trading Conviction involves an
element of moral turpitude and if so, whether his presence in the Club would
bring disrepute and embarrassment to the Club (see [4] above)). The MC also
took into account the new document tendered by the first plaintiff after his
oral explanation. The first plaintiff had also thanked the MC for the
opportunity to address these points and stated that his wife, the second
plaintiff, was not present as he saw no need to put her through more agony. At
the conclusion of the hearing, the MC took about 30 minutes to deliberate
before making its decision on the matter. Furthermore, the MC did not view
itself to be bound by what was stated in the 25 July Letters. One of the MC
members had in fact changed his mind, and voted against the finding that
allowing the first plaintiff to remain as a member would bring disrepute to
the Club.

76 Although none of these facts are determinative in and of themselves, the
reasonable and fair minded person would take them into account when
considering whether or not there remains a reasonable suspicion or
apprehension of either bias or predetermination in relation to the 8 October
Decision. In light of the context in which the 25 July Letters were written
and the entire factual circumstances surrounding and leading up to the 8
October Decision weighed against the nature of the contents of the 25 July
Letters, I find that the reasonable and fair minded person would not harbour a
reasonable suspicion or apprehension that the 8 October Decision would be
tainted by any predetermination or bias on the part of the MC.

77 Accordingly, I hold that there is no apparent predetermination or apparent
bias occasioning a breach of the rules of natural justice in this case. I am
on the whole satisfied that the MC had acted fairly, _bona fide_ and without
any bias or predetermination, real or apparent, when making its decision on 8
October.

Should the court disturb the MC’s opinion on whether the Insider Trading
Conviction involved an element of moral turpitude?

78 The court will be slow to disturb findings made by the MC. The question of
whether the Insider Trading Conviction involved an element of moral turpitude
was one for the MC to decide. In _Kay Swee Pin_ , the court of appeal observed
the following (at [2]):

… In the court below, the Judge, after referring to _Lee v The Showmen's Guild
of Great Britain_ [1952] 2 QB 329 and the decision of this court in _Singapore
Amateur Athletics Association v Haron bin Mundir_ [1993] 3 SLR(R) 407, stated
the established principles in his grounds of decision ([2007] SGHC 166) at
[30]:

In matters relating to disciplinary tribunals of clubs which are essentially
social in nature, such as SICC, the court does not sit on appeal from their
decisions. The court's role is to ensure that the rules of natural justice
have been complied with and that the disciplinary procedure set out in the
club's rules has been observed.

79 The court will not embark on a minute scrutiny of the correctness of the
decision of the MC but will only consider whether the decision was intra vires
and _bona fide_ (see _Chan Cheng Wah Bernard and others v Koh Sin Chong
Freddie and another appeal_ [2012] 1 SLR 506 at [51]). The rules of natural
justice require that where the MC makes findings of law or fact, it must do so
based on evidence having probative value (see _Kay Swee Pin_ at [8]). The
findings have to be based on some material or evidence which logically shows
the existence of the facts consistent with the finding (see _Kay Swee Pin_ at
[8] and _Peter Thomas Mohan v Air New Zealand Ltd_ [1984] AC 808 at 821).

80 In finding that the Insider Trading Conviction had an element of moral
turpitude, the MC relied, _inter alia_ , on the following materials:

(a) the schedule of offences tendered by the prosecution at the first
plaintiff’s mention;

(b) all the charges faced by the first plaintiff;

(c) the statement of facts tendered by the prosecution at the first
plaintiff’s mention; and

(d) the notes of evidence of the hearing.

81 The new MC would also have had the benefit of legal advice from the legal
opinion obtained by the former MC in respect of the 3 April Decision. The
materials relied on by the MC would adequately show the circumstances
surrounding the Insider Trading Conviction. There is no reason to doubt the
veracity of the information as these were the very materials that were before
the judge who convicted the first plaintiff. Not only do the materials have
probative value, it logically relates to the finding of moral turpitude. The
statement of facts clearly stated, _inter alia_ , that at the time the first
plaintiff instructed the sale of Sinwa shares, he _knew_ that the information
he possessed was not generally available and he also _knew_ that if it were
generally available, it might have a material effect on the price or value of
the shares. Despite this, the first plaintiff instructed those shares to be
sold. The MC had formed a reasoned opinion logically supported by the
information gleaned from the materials above, and had taken into account the
explanation provided by the first plaintiff at the 8 October Meeting.
Accordingly, I see no basis whatsoever on which to disturb the MC’s unanimous
finding that the Insider Trading Conviction did involve an element of moral
turpitude.

Should the Court disturb the MC’s opinion that permitting the first plaintiff
to remain as a member would place the Club in disrepute and embarrass the
Club?

82 It is for the MC to form its own subjective opinion as to whether allowing
a member convicted of an offence involving moral turpitude to remain as one
would place the Club in disrepute or embarrass it. The Club Rules themselves
require the MC to make such a determination. In any event, the MC is in a much
better position than the court to determine this particular question as the MC
is better situated to determine the standing and reputation of the Club and to
set expectations of the conduct of its members. I also note that the
plaintiffs have rightly not raised any argument along the lines of
unreasonableness or irrationality in relation to this aspect of the 8 October
Decision.

83 Given that there is also no evidence of bias or a lack of _bona fides_ on
the part of the MC which made the 8 October Decision, the court will not step
in to interfere with the opinion of the MC.

The Family Membership Issue

84 The final issue that remains is whether the plaintiffs’ Family Membership
is in essence one membership such that a suspension of the first plaintiff’s
membership, affects the rights and privileges of the second plaintiff. This is
purely a matter of construction of the Club Rules.

85 The relevant provisions are as follows:

RULE 4 INTERPRETATION

In these Rules and Bye-Laws made hereunder, unless the context otherwise
requires:

…

(n) The words “Family Membership” shall mean the joint membership of a
Honorary Life, Life or Ordinary Member and his or her spouse who has become a
member of the Club, as set out in Rule 15(f).

…

RULE 15 CESSATION OF MEMBERSHIP

(f) In the event that a Honorary Life, Life or Ordinary Member is married to
another Honorary Life, Life or Ordinary Member, the joint membership of both
members shall be deemed to be a Family Membership. …

86 Under rule 5(f)(i) of the Club Rules, a member other than a Junior,
Visiting Member or Individual Term Member shall be obliged to take one of two
steps within six months of marriage to a non-member. He must either apply for
his spouse to be a member (and pay the prevailing fee for the type of
membership applied for) or apply for the spouse to be an Invitee of the Club.

87 These provisions show that where a husband and wife are both members of the
Club, there is but one membership — the Family Membership. Even if either the
husband or wife is an Honorary Life, Life or Ordinary member, and his or her
spouse becomes a member, their membership will be deemed to be a Family
Membership under rule 15(f) of the Club Rules. There is thus one membership
with the Club under which both the husband and wife are members. If a member
other than a Junior, Visiting Member or Individual Term Member is married to a
non-member, he or she may utilise one of the steps mentioned in the preceding
paragraph to apply for his or her spouse to become a member. Once the spouse
becomes a member, rule 15(f) again deems it to be one membership.

88 The fact that there is but one membership is further supported when issues
of transfer are considered. Under rule 7(f) of the Club Rules, when a family
wishes to transfer, “both spouses must jointly apply to transfer their
membership to the same Proposed Transferee and his spouse (if any).” Further,
if the Proposed Transferee is a single person, when he or she marries he must
apply for his or her spouse to be a member. Again when this happens, rule
15(f) of the Club Rules deems the membership of the Proposed Transferee and
his or her new spouse to be a Family Membership. This allows for the
continuation of the Family Membership. Also, as stated in the Affidavit of
Evidence-in-Chief of Poon Keng Hoi Alfred dated 13 December 2013, who is the
current General Manager of the Club, it is no longer possible for persons
above 21 to purchase single memberships save for Term Memberships. Therefore,
if one wishes to purchase a membership, he or she must either purchase a Term
Membership or a Family Membership.

89 The situation is also clear if a divorce occurs. According to the Circular
distributed on 5 May 1998 by the Club, when a divorce occurs, the membership
shall be transferred to either one of the spouses. The Circular makes clear
that in no event will each spouse retain one membership. This again is
indicative that there is but one membership, which will vest in one of the
parties as ordered by a court in the event of a divorce.

90 The second plaintiff claims to be an ordinary member since 1974. Therefore,
counsel for the second plaintiff claims that because the second plaintiff’s
membership is separate from that of the first plaintiff’s, the Club has no
power to suspend the second plaintiff. He relies on the fact that she has been
entitled to all rights and privileges including the right to vote. He further
attempts to justify that there are two memberships by the example of the
husband being suspended for slapping his wife after the wife lodges a
complaint against him with the Club. He claims that on the defendant’s
position, that there is one membership, the wife would also be suspended.
This, he claims, is ridiculous.

91 I think this argument is misconceived. It stems from a failure to
distinguish between “membership” and “the rights and privileges afforded by a
membership”. As mentioned above, under the “Family Membership” there are two
members _ie_ two individuals who enjoy the rights and privileges of the
membership but the rights and privileges stem in essence from one membership
with the Club—“the Family Membership”. Therefore under a Family Membership
both spouses may vote in an Annual General Meeting since both of them derive
rights from the Family Membership, which include the right to vote.

92 Since there is one membership with two persons enjoying the rights and
privileges thereunder, it becomes crucial to appreciate what is being
suspended. Under Rule 15(d), it is the “membership of such member” that is
suspended. This should be contrasted with rule 13(g)(iv) of the Club Rules
which provides for the disciplinary powers of the Disciplinary Committee.
There, the Disciplinary Committee has the power to “suspend all or any of the
privileges/membership rights of such member”. Therefore, if _arguendo_ I
accept the example of counsel for the plaintiff, since the husband would be
suspended under rule 13(g)(iv), his privileges and membership rights would be
suspended, not his membership. Therefore, while the husband would be for all
intents and purposes suspended, his wife will be entitled to all her rights
and privileges.

93 In the present case, the first plaintiff is suspended under Rule 15(d)
which provides for his membership to be suspended pending the transfer of the
membership within a six-month period. As his membership is a Family
Membership, the suspension of the first plaintiff’s membership necessarily
results in the suspension of the second plaintiff’s rights and privileges as a
member.

Conclusion

94 In conclusion, I dismiss the plaintiffs’ application in its entirety.
Firstly, I see no basis on which to disturb (a) the finding of the MC that the
Insider Trading Conviction did involve an element of moral turpitude; or (b)
the opinion of the MC that by remaining as a member of the Club, the first
plaintiff would place the Club in disrepute or embarrass the Club. Secondly, I
find that the principle of necessity applies to allow the MC to decide the
matter. Thirdly, having regard to all the factual circumstances surrounding
and leading up to the 8 October Decision by the MC, I am of the view that
there is no breach of natural justice merely as a result of the 25 July
Letters written more than two months earlier by each member of the MC.
Finally, I find that on a matter of construction, the plaintiffs’ Family
Membership with the Club is in essence one membership. Therefore, the
suspension of the first plaintiff’s membership necessarily results in the
suspension of the second plaintiff’s rights and privileges as a member and I
hold that the revocation of the second plaintiff’s rights and privileges is
not in breach of the Club Rules.

95 Accordingly, the entire application is dismissed. I will hear the parties
on costs separately if no agreement can be reached on costs.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 01 Apr 2015 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

