Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Yong Vui Kong _v_ Public Prosecutor  
[2015] SGCA 11

Case Number| :| Criminal Appeal No 11 of 2013  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 04 March 2015  
Tribunal/Court| :| Court of Appeal  
Coram| :|  Sundaresh Menon CJ; Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA; Tay Yong Kwang J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  M Ravi (L F Violet Netto) for the appellant; Tai Wei
Shyong, Francis Ng, Sarala Subramaniam and Scott Tan (Attorney-General's
Chambers) for the respondent.  
Parties| :|  Yong Vui Kong — Public Prosecutor  
  
4 March 2015| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Sundaresh Menon CJ (delivering the judgment of the court):

Introduction

1 This is an appeal against the decision of the High Court judge (“the Judge”)
in Criminal Motion 56 of 2013 to re-sentence the Appellant to life
imprisonment and 15 strokes of the cane for drug trafficking. This was the
sentence that the Appellant had contended for before the Judge. The Appellant
now argues that the sentence of caning violates Arts 9(1) and 12(1) of the
Constitution of the Republic of Singapore (1985 Rev Ed, 1999 Reprint) (“the
Constitution”). This was the central issue raised in this appeal.

Background facts

2 The Appellant was charged with trafficking in 47.27g of diamorphine, which
is an offence under s 5(1)(a) of the Misuse of Drugs Act (Cap 185, 2001 Rev
Ed) (“the MDA”). The offence was committed on 12 June 2007. He was convicted
after a trial and sentenced to death by the Judge on 14 November 2008.

3 The Appellant’s sentence of death was held in abeyance as he brought a
series of legal challenges against:

(a) the constitutionality of the mandatory death penalty imposed by s 33 of
the MDA read with the Second Schedule thereto (see _Yong Vui Kong v Public
Prosecutor_ [2010] 3 SLR 489 (“ _Yong Vui Kong (MDP)_ ”));

(b) the integrity of the clemency process set out in Art 22P of the
Constitution (see _Yong Vui Kong v Attorney-General_ [2011] 2 SLR 1189); and

(c) the Public Prosecutor’s decision to prosecute him for a capital offence
under s 5(1)(a) of the MDA while applying for (and obtaining) a discontinuance
not amounting to an acquittal of various charges under the MDA against the
Appellant’s alleged principal and supplier (see _Yong Vui Kong v Public
Prosecutor_ [2012] 2 SLR 872).

4 In the meantime, while these various proceedings were working their way
through the courts, the Government had begun a review of the mandatory death
penalty and as a result, all executions were suspended from July 2011 pending
completion of the review. The review culminated in the passage of various
pieces of legislation including the Misuse of Drugs (Amendment) Act 2012 (Act
30 of 2012) (“the MDA Amendment Act”) on 14 November 2012, which came into
effect on 1 January 2013. Under s 33B of the MDA as amended (“the amended
MDA”), a person convicted of a drug trafficking offence punishable with death
could instead be sentenced to:

(a) imprisonment for life and caning of not less than 15 strokes if he only
played the role of courier and the Public Prosecutor certifies that he had
substantively assisted the Central Narcotics Bureau in disrupting drug
trafficking activities (“the substantive assistance limb”) (s 33B(1)(a) read
with s 33B(2)); or

(b) imprisonment for life if he only played the role of courier and was
suffering from such abnormality of mind as substantially impaired his mental
responsibility for his acts and omissions in relation to the offence (s
33B(1)(b) read with s 33B(3)).

5 By virtue of the transitional provisions set out in s 27(6) of the MDA
Amendment Act, the Appellant was entitled to apply to the High Court for re-
sentencing under s 33B of the amended MDA. He did so on 26 September 2013 via
Criminal Motion 56 of 2013, relying on the substantive assistance limb in s
33B(2). On 12 November 2013, the Public Prosecutor issued a certificate of
substantive assistance in respect of the Appellant. On 14 November 2013, the
Judge held that the Appellant had satisfied the requirements of the amended
MDA and imposed on him the mandatory minimum sentence of life imprisonment and
15 strokes of the cane.

Grounds of appeal

6 The Appellant now appeals against his sentence of caning on several grounds.
A number of those grounds were subsequently withdrawn, and those that remain
are as follows:

(a) Caning constitutes a form of torture that is prohibited by a peremptory
norm of international law (or _jus cogens_) as well the common law. Thus, the
statutory authorisation of mandatory caning is in breach of Art 9(1) of the
Constitution. Even if caning as a form of corporal punishment in general does
not necessarily constitute torture, the punishment as it is implemented in
Singapore by the Commissioner of Prisons or by his officers is so severe and
painful that it amounts to torture.

(b) The imposition of mandatory caning on a prisoner who is already sentenced
to life imprisonment is irrational, illogical and does not serve any lawful
purpose because there is no evidence of its value as a deterrent. It therefore
lacks the essential features of law within the meaning of Art 9(1) and is
unconstitutional.

(c) Caning in Singapore is administered in a discriminatory manner because it
is not applied to men above the age of 50 or to women. Thus, the statutory
authorisation of caning violates Art 12(1) of the Constitution.

Correspondence and submissions after the hearing

7 At the hearing of the appeal, we granted the Appellant leave to tender
further written submissions to respond to certain additional authorities
tendered by the Respondent regarding the definition of torture with leave to
the Respondent to reply. The Appellant subsequently wrote to the Respondent
and the Singapore Prison Service (“Prisons”) asking for a copy of any rules
and directions made under s 329(1) and (2) of the Criminal Procedure Code (Cap
68, 2012 Rev Ed) (“the CPC”). Those subsections state as follows:

**Mode of executing sentence of caning**

**329.** —(1) The Minister may make rules to prescribe the mode of carrying
out the sentence of caning.

(2) Caning shall be inflicted on such part of the person as the Minister from
time to time generally directs.

8 The Respondent initially rejected the Appellant’s request (and the Attorney-
General evidently advised Prisons to do the same) on the basis that the rules
and directions were irrelevant to the further submissions that the Appellant
had been given leave to tender. The Appellant however submitted that the rules
and directions _were_ relevant to the issue of whether caning pursuant to a
judicial sentence is implemented in a manner that constitutes torture, and
asked that the Respondent be required to produce the rules and directions. In
reply, the Respondent stated that no rules had been made to date under s
329(1) and (2) of the CPC, although Prisons has internal Standing Orders and
Standard Operating Procedures (collectively, “Orders”) which supplement the
statutory provisions governing the execution of caning. The Respondent
contended that these Orders should not be produced as they pertain to
operational matters with security implications.

9 We invited the Respondent to consider whether he would furnish a redacted
version of the Orders that excluded any portions that he thought posed a
security risk. We indicated that we would otherwise proceed to decide the
appeal on the basis that there were no such Orders. After consulting the
Ministry of Home Affairs (“the MHA”), the Respondent replied that both he and
the MHA were of the view that it would not be in the public interest to
disclose the Orders. We therefore invited the Appellant to make submissions on
the effect of there being no such Orders and also granted the Respondent leave
to reply. Both parties have since tendered further submissions addressing us
on this issue, which we will consider when we come to the issue of whether
caning constitutes torture.

Issues arising in this appeal

10 The issues arising in this appeal are as follows:

(a) Does the imposition of a sentence of caning on the Appellant violate Art
9(1) of the Constitution on the basis that it amounts to torture (“the Torture
Issue”)?

(b) Does the imposition of a sentence of caning on the Appellant violate Art
9(1) of the Constitution on the basis that it is irrational, illogical and
does not serve any lawful purpose (“the Irrationality Issue”)?

(c) Does the statutory authorisation of caning violate Art 12(1) of the
Constitution on the ground that it impermissibly discriminates against men
aged 50 and below (“the Equal Protection Issue”)?

The Torture Issue

11 The Appellant contends that caning constitutes torture. Although no express
prohibition of torture exists in the Constitution or in our domestic statutes,
he submits that this prohibition is imported into domestic law from
international law. At the hearing of the appeal, he further submitted that
such a prohibition exists at common law or as an unenumerated right in the
Constitution. He contended on this basis that caning violates Art 9(1) of the
Constitution, which provides that “[n]o person shall be deprived of his life
or personal liberty save in accordance with law”.

12 In the light of the Appellant’s arguments, the following sub-issues arise
for our consideration:

(a) Does caning constitute a deprivation of “life or personal liberty” within
the meaning of Art 9(1)?

(b) Does the law of Singapore prohibit torture?

(c) Does caning constitute torture?

Does caning constitute a deprivation of “life or personal liberty”?

13 In order for Art 9(1) to be engaged at all, caning must involve a
deprivation of “life or personal liberty”. The Appellant submits that caning
does involve a deprivation of personal liberty because it is administered on a
prisoner while he is physically restrained. On the other hand, the Respondent
contends that the words “deprivation of … personal liberty” in Art 9(1) refer
only to unlawful incarceration or detention. The physical restraint of a
prisoner while he is being caned does not count as a deprivation of personal
liberty because that is not the primary object of caning but is an incidental
aspect of its administration.

14 Before we consider the construction of these words “life or personal
liberty”, it is helpful to note two key features of Art 9(1) which are
apparent on a plain reading. First, it prohibits the State from unlawfully
_depriving_ an individual of his life or personal liberty, but does not impose
any duty on the State to take affirmative measures to facilitate or promote a
person’s enjoyment of his life and personal liberty. Second, Art 9(1)
contemplates that the State may deprive an individual of, or intrude upon,
rights that are within the ambit of “life and liberty” but only _in accordance
with law_. Thus, the provision seeks to ensure that any such deprivations or
intrusions are authorised by and comply with “law”. The word “law” includes
legislative enactments: Art 2(1) of the Constitution. Therefore, even assuming
that a particular right falls within the ambit of the words “life and personal
liberty”, that does not preclude Parliament from depriving a person of that
right by way of a validly enacted law. In order to challenge such an
enactment, a litigant must not only show that it deprives or threatens to
deprive him of his right to life and personal liberty; he must go further and
establish that the enactment is void and/or inconsistent with another law that
takes precedence over it.

15 In sum, the object and purpose of Art 9(1) is to ensure that the Government
acts in accordance with valid laws when depriving a person of his life or
personal liberty. In these circumstances, it might be thought surprising if
Art 9(1) protected a person only from unlawful execution, incarceration or
detention. Such a parsimonious reading would mean that there is no
constitutional safeguard against other forms of criminal punishment that
entail improper interference with a person’s bodily integrity or personal
liberty.

16 In order to determine the correct interpretation of Art 9(1), it is
necessary to go back in history and consider how its predecessor provisions
were understood. Art 9(1) of the Constitution is a precise reproduction of Art
5(1) of the 1957 Constitution of the Federation of Malaya (“the Malayan
Constitution”), which in turn was modelled on Art 21 of the 1950 Constitution
of India (“the Indian Constitution”). Art 21 of the Indian Constitution in
turn was based on the Due Process Clause in the Fifth and Fourteenth
Amendments of the US Constitution, which themselves had their roots in cl 39
of the Magna Carta which King John was forced by his barons to sign in 1215
(Ryan C Williams, “The One and Only Substantive Due Process Clause” (2010) 120
Yale LJ 408 at p 428). Clause 39 stated (English translation provided by the
British Library at http://www.bl.uk/magna-carta/articles/magna-carta-english-
translation (last accessed on 10 February 2015)):

No free man shall be seized or imprisoned, or stripped of his rights or
possessions, or outlawed or exiled, or deprived of his standing in any way,
nor will we proceed with force against him, or send others to do so, except by
the lawful judgment of his equals or by the law of the land.

17 It is evident that cl 39 of the Magna Carta encompassed more than just the
right not to be unlawfully incarcerated; it also protected a person from the
unlawful seizure of his property and the unlawful use of force against him.
This scope was necessary because the chief grievance that cl 39 sought to
redress was King John’s practice of “attacking his barons with forces of
mercenaries, seizing their persons, their families and property, and otherwise
ill-treating them, without first convicting them of some offence in his
_curia_ ” (C H McIlwain, “Due Process of Law in Magna Carta” (1914) 14
Columbia L Rev 27 at p 41).

18 Did the ambit of the protection embodied in cl 39 of the Magna Carta change
when it was adapted into the constitutions of other countries? Certainly there
is no evidence that the framers of the Due Process Clauses in the US
Constitution, by distilling the acts listed in cl 39 of the Magna Carta into
the phrase “[the deprivation of] life, liberty, or property”, intended to
narrow the scope of protection conferred. In this regard, they were probably
influenced by the ideas of their contemporary, Sir William Blackstone
(“Blackstone”), who wrote in his _Commentaries on the Laws of England_ , Book
I (Clarendon Press, 1765) at pp 125–134:

[The rights of the people of England] may be reduced to three principal or
primary articles; the right of personal security, the right of personal
liberty; and the right of private property: because as there is no other known
method of compulsion, or of abridging man's natural free will, but by an
infringement or diminution of one or other of these important rights, the
preservation of these, inviolate, may justly be said to include the
preservation of our civil immunities in their largest and most extensive
sense.

I. The right of personal security consists in a person's legal and
uninterrupted enjoyment of his life, his limbs, his body, his health, and his
reputation.

…

3\. Besides those limbs and members that may be necessary to man, in order to
defend himself or annoy his enemy, _the rest of his person or body is also
entitled by the same natural right to security from the corporal insults of
menaces, assaults, beating, and wounding; though such insults amount not to
destruction of life or member_.

…

II. Next to personal security, the law of England regards, asserts, and
preserves the personal liberty of individuals. This personal liberty consists
in the power of loco-motion, of changing situation, or removing one's person
to whatsoever place one's own inclination may direct; without imprisonment or
restraint, unless by due course of law.

…

III. The third absolute right, inherent in every Englishman, is that of
property; which consists in the free use, enjoyment, and disposal of all his
acquisitions, without any control or diminution, save only by the laws of the
land. ...

[emphasis added]

19 In the case of Art 21 of the Indian Constitution, however, the drafters
evinced a clear intention to depart from the US Due Process Clauses in three
respects. First, the word “property” was excised and dealt with under a
separate article (Art 31). The fear, apparently, was that subjecting the
deprivation of property to the requirements of due process might result in the
invalidation of beneficial socio-economic legislation (Vijayashri Sripati,
“Toward Fifty Years of Constitutionalism and Fundamental Rights in India:
Looking Back To See Ahead (1950-2000)” (1998) 14 Am U Intl L Rev 413 at p
435). Second, the word “liberty” was qualified by the word “personal”. The
reason given by the Drafting Committee was that otherwise the word “liberty”
might be construed very widely to include the freedoms already covered under
Art 19 of the Indian Constitution (which deals with, among other things, the
freedom of speech and assembly) (H M Seervai, _Constitutional Law of India_
vol 1 (Tripathi, 3rd Ed, 1983) at p 692). Third, the phrase “without due
process of law” was changed to “except according to procedure established by
law” in order to avoid the expansive interpretation given to that phrase by
the US Supreme Court, which saw it infused with _substantive_ content (_Ibid_
at pp 692–693).

20 As for the Malayan Constitution, that was based on the recommendations of
the constitutional commission chaired by Lord Reid (“the Reid Commission”). In
its report, the Reid Commission dealt with the issue of fundamental rights
rather briefly, as it appeared to regard those rights as being clear and
settled (_Report of the Federation of Malaya Constitutional Commission 1957_
(11 February 1957) at pp 72 and 95):

161\. A Federal constitution defines and guarantees the rights of the
Federation and the States: it is usual and in our opinion right that it should
also define and guarantee certain fundamental individual rights which are
generally regarded as essential conditions for a free and democratic way of
life. The rights which we recommend should be defined and guaranteed are all
firmly established now throughout Malaya and it may seem unnecessary to give
them special protection in the Constitution. But we have found in certain
quarters vague apprehensions about the future. We believe such apprehensions
to be unfounded but there can be no objection to guaranteeing these rights
subject to limited exceptions in conditions of emergency and we recommend that
this should be done. …

162\. Our recommendations afford means of redress readily available to any
individual, against unlawful infringements of personal liberty in any of its
aspects. …

…

70\. Fundamental rights should be guaranteed in the Constitution and the
courts should have the power and duty of enforcing these rights. The rights
guaranteed should be freedom from arrest and detention without legal
authority, freedom from slavery or enforced labour and should include
provisions against banishment and restriction of freedom of movement of
citizens. …

We note that the Reid Commission referred only to unlawful arrest and
detention and did not mention other forms of deprivation of life and liberty.
However, in the absence of clear words signifying an intention to depart from
the traditional understanding of “life and personal liberty”, little weight
can be placed on this omission. Indeed, the Reid Commission did not refer to
the right to life either; yet it is beyond dispute that this right is also
protected by Art 5(1) of the Malayan Constitution.

21 Finally, we turn to the adoption of Art 9(1) in our Constitution. Again,
there is no evidence of any intention to adopt a narrower meaning of the
phrase “life and personal liberty”, although the right to property was
expressly excluded to avoid litigation over the adequacy of compensation for
compulsory land acquisitions (_Singapore Parliamentary Debates, Official
Report_ (22 December 1965) vol 24 at col 435 (Lee Kuan Yew, Prime Minister)):

Part II deals with fundamental liberties. Article 5, liberty of the person;
Article 6, slavery and enforced labour prohibited; Article 7, protection
against retrospective criminal laws and repeated trials; Article 8, equality;
Article 9, prohibition of banishment and freedom of movement; Article 10,
freedom of speech, assembly and association; Article 11, freedom of religion;
Article 12, rights in respect of education. _These fundamental liberties will
continue as part of our Constitution._

…

Clause 13 - we have specifically set out to exclude. The reason is quite
simple. This Constitution was drawn up by five eminent jurists from five of
the major Commonwealth countries for the old Federation of Malaya. It is, in
form, modelled upon a similar provision in the Constitution of the Republic of
India. Since the passage of that section in the Indian Constitution,
amendments have had to be introduced because land reforms were not possible,
if the strict tenor of the words were to be complied with. In other words, in
clause 2, once we spell out that no law shall provide for the compulsory
acquisition or use of property without adequate compensation, we open the door
for litigation and ultimately for adjudication by the Court on what is or is
not adequate compensation.

[emphasis added]

22 The lineage of Art 9(1) makes the following propositions clear:

(a) to the extent specific rights are dealt with elsewhere, for instance the
prohibition of forced slavery and labour in Art 10, or of banishment and
curtailment of freedom of movement in Art 13, these would not be included
within the ambit of the protection conferred by Art 9;

(b) to the extent potential rights were considered and excluded, for instance
the right to property, these also would not be included in Art 9;

(c) beyond this, Art 9 does not protect only against arbitrary execution or
incarceration. It also prohibits the unlawful use of force against a person,
including by way of amputations, mutilations, assaults, beatings, woundings,
etc. Such acts would result in a deprivation of “life”, according to
Blackstone’s definition (see [18] above).

23 There is no evidence in the historical record to indicate that this
understanding of “life” had been altered by the time Art 9(1) was adopted into
the Constitution of Singapore. For the avoidance of doubt, we do state that
the foregoing analysis does not run contrary to the views expressed by this
court in relation to the ambit of Art 9, albeit in a different context, in
_Lim Meng Suang and another v Attorney General and another appeal_ [2015] 1
SLR 26 (“ _Lim Meng Suang_ ”) at [44]–[49]. In our judgment, therefore, Art
9(1) is engaged by the execution (or proposed execution) of a sentence of
caning on the Appellant, and in order to pass constitutional muster it has to
be “in accordance with law”. It is to that issue which we now turn.

Does the law of Singapore prohibit torture?

24 The Appellant argues that the prohibition of torture may be imported into
domestic law from three sources: (a) international law, (b) the common law,
and (c) unenumerated constitutional rights. We will consider each in turn.

International law

25 The Appellant rests his argument founded on international law on two bases.
First, he submits that the prohibition against torture should be read into the
Constitution because it has acquired the status of _jus cogens_ in
international law. Second, he submits that Singapore’s ratification of the
Convention on the Rights of Persons with Disabilities (“CRPD”), which
prohibits torture in Art 15(1), allows this Court to read such a prohibition
into the Constitution.

(1) _Jus cogens_

26 Peremptory norms in international law are norms that are “accepted and
recognized by the international community of states as a whole as a norm from
which no derogation is permitted and which can be modified only by a
subsequent norm of general international law having the same character”: Art
53 of the Vienna Convention on the Law of Treaties (23 May 1969), 1155 UNTS
331 (“the VCLT”). A norm need not be accepted and recognised by all the states
in the world to achieve peremptory status; it is sufficient that a very large
majority do so (Summary records of the plenary meetings and of the meetings of
the Committee of the Whole, United Nations Conference on the Law of Treaties,
First Session, Vienna, 26 March–24 May 1968, _Official Records_ , p 472, para
12 (Mr Yasseen); Malcolm N Shaw, _International Law_ (Cambridge University
Press, 7th Ed, 2014) (“ _Shaw_ ”) at p 90).

27 There is strong evidence that the prohibition against torture is now a
peremptory norm of international law. The vast majority of states in the world
accept that torture is contrary to international law – there are now 155 state
parties to the Convention against Torture and Other Cruel, Inhuman or
Degrading Treatment or Punishment (10 December 1984), 1465 UNTS 85 (“the
CAT”). Although Singapore has not ratified the CAT, ministers speaking in
Parliament have endorsed the view that torture is wrong and that no one should
be subjected to it: _Singapore Parliamentary Debates, Official Report_ (29
July 1987) vol 49 at cols 1491–1492 (Prof S Jayakumar, Minister for Home
Affairs); _Singapore Parliamentary Debates, Official Report_ (21 December
1966) vol 25 at col 1053 (Mr E W Barker, Minister for Law and National
Development). Numerous international courts and tribunals have also held that
the prohibition of torture is a peremptory norm: see, _eg_ , _Prosecutor v
Anto Furundžija_ IT-95-17/1-T (10 December 1998) (“ _Furundžija_ ”) at [153];
_Siderman de Blake v Argentina_ 965 F 2d 699 (9th Cir, 1992) at 717; _Regina v
Bow Street Metropolitan Stipendiary Magistrate and others, ex parte Pinochet
Ugarte (No 3)_ [2000] 1 AC 147 at 198; _Al-Adsani v The United Kingdom_ [2001]
ECHR 761 at [61]. Significantly, the Respondent does not deny the peremptory
nature of the international law prohibition against torture.

28 The issue here is whether peremptory norms of international law are
automatically incorporated into the law of Singapore and take precedence over
domestic legislation in the event there is an inconsistency between the two.
In our judgment, the key to this issue lies in whether a “monist” or “dualist”
view of international law and domestic (or municipal) law is adopted. Under
the monist school of thought, international law and domestic law form part of
a single legal structure, with the various national systems of law being
derived by way of delegation from the international legal system. Since
international law is part of the same legal order as domestic law, it can be
regarded as incorporated into domestic law: _Oppenheim’s International Law_
vol I (Robert Jennings & Arthur Watts eds) (Longman, 9th Ed, 1992) (“
_Oppenheim_ ”) at p 54. In contrast, the dualist view regards international
law and domestic law as separate legal systems, so that international law
would not form part of domestic law unless expressly adopted by the domestic
law of the State: _Oppenheim_ at p 53.

29 It is clear from our jurisprudence that Singapore, like most other common
law jurisdictions, subscribes to the dualist school of thought. In _Public
Prosecutor v Tan Cheng Yew and another appeal_ [2013] 1 SLR 1095 (“ _Tan Cheng
Yew_ ”), the High Court said (at [56]):

It is trite law that Singapore follows a dualist position. In short,
Singapore's international law obligations do not give rise to individual
rights and obligations in the domestic context unless and until transposed
into domestic law by legislation, and there is therefore no question of
whether Art VII or s 17(a) should "prevail" as they exist on different planes.
…

In our judgment, this is reflective of the law in Singapore and note that the
same view has been taken recently by this court in _Lim Meng Suang_ at [188]
and also in _ABU v Comptroller of Income Tax_ [2015] SGCA 4 at [46]–[47]. It
is true that the court in _Tan Cheng Yew_ was considering the domestic legal
status of an international treaty (a point which we will turn to shortly) and
not customary international law (“CIL”). Where CIL is concerned, this court
held in _Yong Vui Kong (MDP)_ that it would not form part of the law of
Singapore “until and unless it has been applied as or definitively declared to
be part of domestic law by a domestic court” (at [91]). We have also
previously noted that any rule of CIL “must be clearly and firmly established
before its adoption by the courts”: _Nguyen Tuong Van v Public Prosecutor_
[2005] 1 SLR(R) 103 (“ _Nguyen Tuong Van (CA)_ ”) at [88]. A rule of CIL
therefore would not require an act of legislation in order that it be
transposed into domestic law but can be recognised and declared to be part of
the domestic law by the courts.

30 We pause to observe that there are two competing doctrines regarding the
application of CIL in the domestic sphere. The first is the “transformation”
doctrine, which states that rules of CIL do not have effect domestically until
specifically adopted by the legislature or by domestic courts. The second is
the “incorporation” doctrine, which states that rules of CIL are automatically
incorporated into domestic law as long as they are not inconsistent with
domestic legislation. The difference between the two doctrines was articulated
by Lord Denning MR in _Trendtex Trading Corporation v Central Bank of Nigeria_
[1977] QB 529 at 553 as follows:

A fundamental question arises for decision. What is the place of international
law in our English law? One school of thought holds to the doctrine of
incorporation. It says that the rules of international law are incorporated
into English law automatically and considered to be part of English law unless
they are in conflict with an Act of Parliament. The other school of thought
holds to the doctrine of transformation. It says that the rules of
international law are not to be considered as part of English law except in so
far as they have been already adopted and made part of our law by the
decisions of the judges, or by Act of Parliament, or long established custom.
…

31 In the UK, the incorporation doctrine has become the dominant approach:
_Shaw_ at p 101. In Australia, however, it appears that the transformation
approach holds sway: _Nulyarimma v Thompson_ [1999] FCA 1192 at [23]. It
appears to us that the transformation doctrine is more logically consistent
with a dualist approach to international law: if international law and
domestic law occupy separate domains, then it follows that a rule of
international law must be expressly adopted by domestic courts before it can
become part of domestic law. This court’s statements in _Yong Vui Kong (MDP)_
and _Nguyen Tuong Van (CA)_ (which we have quoted at [29] above) also support
the transformation doctrine.

32 But we would not need to settle this issue definitively if the distinction
between the two doctrines were immaterial for present purposes on the basis
that under either of these doctrines, valid domestic statutes would in any
case prevail in the event of any inconsistency with a rule of CIL. The _locus
classicus_ for this principle is _Chung Chi Cheung v The King_ [1939] AC 160,
where Lord Atkin stated (at 167–168):

… [S]o far, at any rate, as the Courts of this country are concerned,
international law has no validity save in so far as its principles are
accepted and adopted by our own domestic law. There is no external power that
imposes its rules upon our own code of substantive law or procedure. The
Courts acknowledge the existence of a body of rules which nations accept
amongst themselves. _On any judicial issue they seek to ascertain what the
relevant rule is, and, having found it, they will treat it as incorporated
into the domestic law_ , **_so far as it is not inconsistent with rules
enacted by statutes_** _or finally declared by their tribunals._ … [emphasis
added in italics and bold italics]

This was affirmed by this court in _Nguyen Tuong Van (CA)_ at [94].

33 The reason for this is obvious: a court operating in a parliamentary
democracy is bound to implement the will of Parliament as embodied in domestic
legislation, insofar as such legislation is not incompatible with the
constitution. As Lebel J, who delivered the majority decision of the Supreme
Court of Canada in _R v Hape_ [2007] 2 SCR 292, explained in the context of
the adoption (or incorporation) doctrine (at [39]):

In my view, following the common law tradition, it appears that the doctrine
of adoption operates in Canada such that prohibitive rules of customary
international law should be incorporated into domestic law _in the absence of
conflicting legislation_. The automatic incorporation of such rules is
justified on the basis that international custom, as the law of nations, is
also the law of Canada unless, in a valid exercise of its sovereignty, Canada
declares that its law is to the contrary. _Parliamentary sovereignty dictates
that a legislature may violate international law, but that it must do so
expressly._ Absent an express derogation, the courts may look to prohibitive
rules of customary international law to aid in the interpretation of Canadian
law and the development of the common law. [emphasis added]

34 Thus far we have considered the domestic legal status of a normal rule of
CIL and the position there is that on any view, it must yield to contrary
domestic legislation. But does this analysis change where the rule in question
has acquired the status of a peremptory norm? Some academics have indeed
suggested that a domestic court may rely on peremptory norms to overturn
parliamentary legislation (see, _eg_ , CL Lim, “The Constitution and the
Reception of Customary International Law: _Nguyen Tuong Van v Public
Prosecutor_ ” [2005] SJLS 218 at p 231; Thio Li-Ann, “Reading Rights Rightly:
The UDHR and its Creeping Influence on the Development of Singapore Public
Law” [2008] SJLS 264 at pp 289–290; Chen Siyuan, “The Relationship Between
International Law and Domestic Law: _Yong Vui Kong v PP_ [2010] 3 SLR 489”
[2011] 23 SAcLJ 350 at para 9; Yap Po Jen, “Constitutionalising Capital
Crimes: Judicial Virtue or ‘Originalism’ Sin?” [2011] SJLS 281 (“
_Constitutionalising Capital Crimes_ ”) at pp 287–288). This is said to rest
on the fact that such norms represent fundamental international values from
which no state derogation is allowed (_Constitutionalising Capital Crimes_ at
288).

35 We respectfully disagree. The fact that peremptory norms admit of no
derogation in the international sphere where relations between states are
concerned, says nothing about what the position should be in the domestic
sphere. Under the dualist theory of international law, there is no reason why
the elevation of a particular norm to the highest status under one legal
system (international law) should automatically cause it to acquire the same
status and take precedence over the laws that exist in another legal system
(domestic law). The two systems remain separate and a court operating in the
domestic system is obliged to apply domestic legislation in the event of an
irreconcilable conflict between it and international law. It may well be that
the consequence of this is that a state that has enacted a law that is
contrary to an applicable rule of international law is in breach of its
international obligations. That alone does not invalidate the domestic
legislation in question. In the converse situation, if an _international_
tribunal were considering an issue of international law, a state would not be
able to rely on its domestic legislation to justify its actions under
international law or to excuse a breach of its international obligations. This
position is explained in _Oppenheim_ as follows (at p 84):

A national law which is in conflict with international law must in most states
nevertheless be applied as law by national courts, which are not competent
themselves to adapt the national law so as to meet the requirements of
international law. On the international plane such a law will however be
inapplicable as against other states, whose rights and obligations are in the
first place determined by international law and not by the national law of
another state, and which therefore are entitled to disregard that law and its
purported consequences to the extent of its conflict with international law. …

36 This analysis is buttressed by the nature and purpose of the concept of
_jus cogens_ , which was to create “a hierarchy of international legal norms”
and to prevent states from agreeing by treaty to “override those higher norms
which were essential to the life of the international community and were
deeply rooted in the conscience of mankind” (Summary records of the plenary
meetings and of the meetings of the Committee of the Whole, United Nations
Conference on the Law of Treaties, First Session, Vienna, 26 March–24 May
1968, _Official Records_ , p 296, para 23). No attempt was made during the
drafting of the VCLT to extend the notion of _jus cogens_ beyond the
invalidation of incompatible treaties (Erika de Wet, “The Prohibition of
Torture as an International Norm of _Jus Cogens_ and its Implications for
National and Customary Law” (2004) 15 EJIL 97 at p 99). Thus, the concept at
its inception was meant to govern the _international_ relations between
states, and there was no suggestion that it would also have some special or
extraordinary effect at the intra-state level.

37 Confronted with these analytical difficulties, the Appellant submitted that
we should depart from the dualist model and adopt the monist view of
international law instead. But no justification was advanced for such a
radical departure. In any event, monism simply states that international and
domestic law form part of the same legal system; it does not by itself answer
the pivotal question of _which law should take precedence in the event of a
conflict between the two_. Hans Kelsen, a leading proponent of the monist
school, considered the issue of primacy to be a matter of ethical or political
preference rather than of legal science (Hans Kelsen, _Principles of
International Law_ (The Lawbook Exchange, 1952) at pp 446–447). Thus, an
acceptance of monism does not necessarily imply the supremacy of international
law over domestic law.

38 In the present case, assuming for the sake of argument that caning does
amount to torture, the fact remains that it is expressly authorised (and in
some cases _mandated_) by statute. The courts are bound to implement laws that
have been validly passed by Parliament unless these are inconsistent with the
Constitution. Thus, in order for the international law prohibition of torture
to take precedence over statute law, the Appellant must not only show that it
has been incorporated into domestic law but also that it has been given
_constitutional_ force. However, the Appellant could not provide any authority
for the proposition that a peremptory norm of international law would
automatically acquire the status of a constitutional norm when transposed into
domestic law. Indeed, in our judgment, such a proposition would be untenable
as it would mean that the content of our Constitution could be dictated by the
views of other states, regardless of what the people of Singapore, expressing
their will through their elected representatives, think (as we have noted
earlier at [26], a peremptory norm may crystallise even if a minority of
states do not accept it). In our judgment, therefore, even where a CIL rule
has acquired the status of _jus cogens_ , it cannot override a domestic
statute whose meaning and effect is clear.

39 That said, for reasons that we explain later (see [90] below), we find that
caning in Singapore does not constitute torture. Consequently, in the present
case, there is no inconsistency in any event between the peremptory norm
against torture and the applicable domestic legislation.

(2) The CRPD

40 Art 15 of the CRPD states:

**Article 15 - Freedom from torture or cruel, inhuman or degrading treatment
or punishment**

1\. No one shall be subjected to torture or to cruel, inhuman or degrading
treatment or punishment. In particular, no one shall be subjected without his
or her free consent to medical or scientific experimentation.

2\. States Parties shall take all effective legislative, administrative,
judicial or other measures to prevent persons with disabilities, on an equal
basis with others, from being subjected to torture or cruel, inhuman or
degrading treatment or punishment.

41 The CRPD was ratified by Singapore on 18 July 2013, and no reservations or
declarations were made in relation to Art 15. The Appellant therefore contends
that the prohibition against torture should be read into the Constitution
because it has received express state consent.

42 In reply, the Respondent argues that treaties entered into by Singapore do
not have domestic effect until Parliament enacts legislation to implement
them. He further contends that Art 15 must be read in the light of the object
and purpose of the CRPD, which is to “promote, protect and ensure the full and
equal enjoyment of all human rights and fundamental freedoms by all persons
with disabilities, and to promote respect for their inherent dignity” (Art 1).
Therefore, the prohibition in Art 15 must be limited to persons with
disabilities only.

43 We disagree with the Respondent’s interpretation of Art 15. The phrase “No
one” in Art 15 stands in stark contrast with most of the other articles of the
CRPD, which make express reference to “persons with disabilities”. Indeed,
this was a deliberate decision as can be seen from the drafting history of Art
15 which shows that when the article was first proposed, it had in fact stated
that “No person with disabilities shall be subjected to torture…” (_Report of
the Ad Hoc Committee on a Comprehensive and Integral International Convention
on the Protection and Promotion of the Rights and Dignity of Persons with
Disabilities on its fifth session_ (23 February 2005), UN Doc A/AC.265/2005/2
at para 36):

36\. Several delegations pointed out that draft article 11 lacked mention of
the important and absolute prohibition of the use of torture, as contained in
other human rights treaties. Some delegations suggested that this omission
could be rectified by the inclusion of a new paragraph 1, borrowing from the
first sentence of article 7 of the International Covenant on Civil and
Political Rights, which reads: “No one shall be subjected to torture or to
cruel, inhuman or degrading treatment or punishment”. _There was general
agreement to that proposal, with the use of the phrase “no person with
disabilities”_. It was also agreed to add the first phrase from paragraph 2 of
the Working Group’s text, so that the paragraph accurately mirrored article 7
of the Covenant. New paragraph 1 of draft article 11 currently reads:

1\. _No person with disabilities_ shall be subjected to torture or to cruel,
inhuman or degrading treatment or punishment. In particular, States parties
shall prohibit, and protect persons with disabilities from, medical or
scientific experimentation without the free and informed consent of the person
concerned.

[emphasis added]

44 However, the phrase “No person with disabilities” was subsequently changed
to “No one” following Uruguay’s proposal that the prohibition of torture and
cruel, inhuman or degrading treatment or punishment (or “inhuman punishment”
for short) should apply to everyone (_Article 15 – Freedom from torture or
cruel, inhuman or degrading treatment or punishment, Comments, proposals and
amendments submitted electronically_ , Seventh Session (Uruguay)):

In this important article _we want to have a general prohibition to any kind
of torture or cruel, inhuman or degrading treatment or punishment for
everybody without distinction_ and at the same time, taking into account the
specific objective of this Convention, to compromise States Parties to take
all effective measures to make sure that persons with disabilities are not
going to be subjected to this kind of treatment. [emphasis added]

This was accepted and it is therefore clear that Art 15 was intended to apply
to all persons, and not just persons with disabilities.

45 That said, we have already pointed out that Singapore is a dualist
jurisdiction (see [29] above). Where a treaty is concerned (and assuming the
treaty does not merely codify CIL), specific legislation must be enacted by
Parliament to implement the treaty before it would have the force of law
within Singapore. This is so because under the Westminster system of
government, the authority to sign treaties rests with the Executive, which may
commit the State to treaties without obtaining prior legislative approval. If
treaties were self-executing, this would allow the Executive to usurp the
legislative power of Parliament. As Quentin Loh J noted in _The “Sahand” and
other applications_ [2011] 2 SLR 1093 at [33]:

… By virtue of Art 38 of the Constitution of the Republic of Singapore (1985
Rev Ed, 1999 Reprint), the legislative power of Singapore is vested in the
Legislature. It would be contrary to Art 38 to hold that treaties concluded by
the Executive on behalf of Singapore are directly incorporated into Singapore
law, because this would, in effect, confer upon the Executive the power to
legislate through its power to make treaties. Accordingly, in order for a
treaty to be implemented in Singapore law, its provisions must be enacted by
the Legislature or by the Executive pursuant to authority delegated by the
Legislature. In so far as a treaty is not implemented by primary or subsidiary
legislation, it does not create independent rights, obligations, powers, or
duties. …

46 The position in Singapore is consistent with that in the UK. In _J H Rayner
(Mincing Lane) Ltd v Department of Trade and Industry_ [1990] 2 AC 418, Lord
Templeman said (at 476–477):

A treaty is a contract between the governments of two or more sovereign
states. International law regulates the relations between sovereign states and
determines the validity, the interpretation and the enforcement of treaties. A
treaty to which Her Majesty's Government is a party does not alter the laws of
the United Kingdom. A treaty may be incorporated into and alter the laws of
the United Kingdom by means of legislation. Except to the extent that a treaty
becomes incorporated into the laws of the United Kingdom by statute, the
courts of the United Kingdom have no power to enforce treaty rights and
obligations at the behest of a sovereign government or at the behest of a
private individual.

47 Similarly, in _A (FC) and others (FC) v Secretary of State for the Home
Department_ [2006] 2 AC 221, Lord Bingham observed that “a treaty, even if
ratified by the United Kingdom, has no binding force in the domestic law of
this country unless it is given effect by statute or expresses principles of
customary international law” (at [27]).

48 To advance his argument, the Appellant referred to the High Court decision
of _Public Prosecutor v Nguyen Tuong Van_ [2004] 2 SLR(R) 328, which he
submitted is authority for the proposition that treaty law possesses greater
force than CIL for the purposes of domestic incorporation. With respect, this
is an erroneous reading of what was said in that case. There, Kan Ting Chiu J
was _not_ comparing treaty law with CIL but to a statement signed by various
Chief Justices, including the Chief Justice of Singapore, at an international
conference. Kan J simply observed that the statement did not have the force of
a treaty or convention: (at [99]–[101]):

99 The statement entitled "Beijing Statement of Principles of the Independence
of the Judiciary in the LAWASIA Region" was signed by the participants at the
6th Conference of Chief Justices of Asia and the Pacific, including the Chief
Justice of Singapore, on 19 August 1995.

100 Defence counsel submitted:

The Beijing Statement adds great force to our submission and underlines the
importance of the judiciary in death penalty cases.

In the Statement, the Judiciary is described as an "institution of the highest
value in every society". The statement also declared that the Judiciary is
indispensable to the implementation of rights under the Universal Declaration
of Human Rights and the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights.
One of the stated objectives and functions of the Judiciary was to promote,
within the proper limits of the judicial function, the observance and
attainment of human rights. Importantly, it was also stated that the Judiciary
must have jurisdiction over all issues of a justiciable nature and exclusive
authority to decide whether an issue submitted for its decision is within its
competence as defined by law.

It is submitted that the imposition of sentence is fundamentally justiciable
in its nature and part of the criminal trial process and thus requires the
sentence to be passed by an independent and impartial tribunal offering the
accused "the equal protection of the law.

101  _I have to say that I read nothing in the Statement that relates to death
sentences or mandatory death sentences. Counsel did not explain how the
Statement, which does not have the force of a treaty or a convention, assists
the accused's argument that mandatory death sentences are illegal._

[emphasis added]

49 The Appellant also referred to a blog post by Jaclyn Neo titled “The Status
of International Human Rights Conventions under Singapore Domestic Law”
(http://singaporepubliclaw.com/2013/11/26/the-status-of-international-human-
rights-conventions-under-singapore-domestic-law/ (last accessed on 10 February
2015)), in which she advocated the “interpretive incorporation” of treaty law:

A strong argument could be made for the Singapore Courts to pursue
interpretive incorporation because states freely elect to enter into a
treaty/convention. Common law judges in other dualist states have developed
interpretive techniques to indirectly implement treaty provisions where
appropriate. This entails judges referring to relevant international law when
interpreting statutes or constitutional provisions, and treating international
law as a relevant and legitimate source of law. Melissa Waters observes in
this context that judges in many dualist countries are increasingly
implementing and “entrenching their nations’ international treaty obligations
into domestic law, thus becoming powerful domestic enforcers of international
human rights law.” She calls this trend “creeping monism.”

Interpretive incorporation involves a range of interpretive methods. Waters
identifies five of them. The first uses human rights treaties to further
affirm a particular interpretation of domestic law. A second entails the
courts construing ambiguous statutes in such a way that would not violate the
country’s human rights obligations. The third method involves updating the
common law consistently with human rights standards. The fourth is applied to
constitutional or bill of rights cases; it involves using international human
rights treaties as persuasive sources of constitutional interpretation. Human
rights treaties provide context for judicial interpretation. The fifth method
also concerns the constitutional bill of rights but treats international human
rights treaties as a binding normative framework.

50 Insofar as the exercise of “interpretive incorporation” entails the
interpretation of domestic laws to be consistent with Singapore’s
international obligations as far as possible, this has in fact been accepted
by this court (_Yong Vui Kong (MDP)_ at [59]). But there are limits to
interpretation; neither CIL nor treaty law can trump an inconsistent domestic
law that is clear and unambiguous in its terms and pretending that the court
is engaged in an interpretative exercise does not change this. As Diplock LJ
said in _Salomon v Commissioners of Customs & Excise_ [1967] 2 QB 116 at 143:

If the terms of the legislation are clear and unambiguous, they must be given
effect to, whether or not they carry out Her Majesty's treaty obligations, for
the sovereign power of the Queen in Parliament extends to breaking treaties …,
and any remedy for such a breach of an international obligation lies in a
forum other than Her Majesty's own courts. But if the terms of the legislation
are not clear but are reasonably capable of more than one meaning, the treaty
itself becomes relevant, for there is a prima facie presumption that
Parliament does not intend to act in breach of international law, including
therein specific treaty obligations; and if one of the meanings which can
reasonably be ascribed to the legislation is consonant with the treaty
obligations and another or others are not, the meaning which is consonant is
to be preferred.

51 This principle was later reaffirmed by the House of Lords in _Regina v
Secretary of State for the Home Department, Ex parte Brind and others_ [1991]
1 AC 696 at 760, where Lord Ackner noted: “[I]t is a constitutional principle
that if Parliament has legislated and the words of the statute are clear, the
statute must be applied even if its application is in breach of international
law.”

52 In the present case, s 33B(1)(_a_) of the amended MDA (which is the
material provision here) is clear and unambiguous. It states:

**Discretion of court not to impose sentence of death in certain
circumstances**

**33B.** —(1) Where a person commits or attempts to commit an offence under
section 5(1) or 7, being an offence punishable with death under the sixth
column of the Second Schedule, and he is convicted thereof, the court —

(_a_) may, if the person satisfies the requirements of subsection (2), instead
of imposing the death penalty, sentence the person to imprisonment for life
and, if the person is sentenced to life imprisonment, _he shall also be
sentenced to caning of not less than 15 strokes_ ; or

…

[emphasis added]

There is thus no room for this Court to “interpret” s 33B(1)(_a_) in a manner
that would allow the Appellant to escape a sentence of caning.

53 The sum of our reasoning thus far is that international law does not
provide assistance to the Appellant. Even if we accept that international law
contains a prohibition on torture whether under CIL or treaty law; even if
that prohibition has _jus cogens_ status; and even if we operate on the
premise that caning amounts to torture, the simple reality is that Singapore’s
dualist framework means that a domestic law _mandating_ caning cannot be
impugned _by reason alone_ of its incompatibility with international law.

The common law

54 Unable to draw support for his position from international law, the
Appellant’s next line of argument places reliance on the common law
prohibition on torture. He cites _A and others v Secretary of State for the
Home Department (No 2)_ [2006] 2 AC 221 (“ _A v Home Department (No 2)_),
which was a decision of the House of Lords on whether evidence procured
through torture by a foreign state (without the complicity of British
authorities) was admissible in court. The House of Lords held that it was not.
In the course of their speeches, a number of the law lords observed that
torture is prohibited by the common law. Lord Nicholls of Birkenhead noted (at
[64]):

My Lords, torture is not acceptable. This is a bedrock moral principle in this
country. For centuries the common law has set its face against torture. In
early times this did not prevent the use of torture under warrants issued by
the King or his Council. But by the middle of the 17th century this practice
had ceased. In 1628 John Felton assassinated the Duke of Buckingham. _He was
pressed to reveal the names of his accomplices._ The King's Council debated
whether "by the law of the land they could justify the putting him to the
rack". The King, Charles I, said that before this was done "let the advice of
the judges be had therein, whether it be legal or no". The King said that if
it might not be done by law "he would not use his prerogative in this point".
So the judges were consulted. They assembled at Serjeants' Inn in Fleet Street
and agreed unanimously that Felton "ought not by the law to be tortured by the
rack, for no such punishment is known or allowed by our law": _Rushworth,
Historical Collections_ (1721) vol 1, pp 638-639.

[emphasis added]

55 In a similar vein, Lord Rodger of Earlsferry said (at [129]):

… The history of the matter shows that torture has been rejected by English
common law for many centuries. In Scotland, torture was used until the end of
the seventeenth century. _For the most part, when used at all, torture seems
to have been employed to extract confessions from political conspirators who
might be expected to be more highly motivated to resist ordinary methods of
interrogation._ Such confessions would often contain damning information about
other members of the conspiracy. Eventually, section 5 of the Treason Act 1708
declared that no person accused of any crime can be put to torture. The
provision is directed at those accused of crime, but this does not mean that
Parliament would have been happy for mere witnesses to crime to be tortured.
On the contrary, it is an example of the phenomenon, well known in the history
of the law from ancient Rome onwards, of a legislature not bothering with what
is obvious and dealing only with the immediate practical problem. By 1708, it
went without saying that you did not torture witnesses: now Parliament was
making it clear that you were not to torture suspects either. _So the
prohibition on the torture of both witnesses and suspects is deeply ingrained
in our system._ The corollary of the prohibition is that any statements
obtained by officials torturing witnesses or suspects are inadmissible. …
[emphasis added]

56 The Appellant argues that the common law prohibition of torture was
imported into domestic law _via_ Art 162 of the Constitution, which provides
that:

**Existing laws**

**162.** Subject to this Article, all existing laws shall continue in force on
and after the commencement of this Constitution and all laws which have not
been brought into force by the date of the commencement of this Constitution
may, subject as aforesaid, be brought into force on or after its commencement,
but all such laws shall, subject to this Article, be construed as from the
commencement of this Constitution with such modifications, adaptations,
qualifications and exceptions as may be necessary to bring them into
conformity with this Constitution.

57 In _Review Publishing Co Ltd and another v Lee Hsien Loong and another
appeal_ [2010] 1 SLR 52, this Court held (at [250]) that Art 105(1) of the
Constitution of the State of Singapore set out in Schedule 3 of the Sabah,
Sarawak and Singapore (State Constitutions) Order in Council 1963 (GN No S 1
of 1963), which is the predecessor of Art 162, was a “law-enacting provision”.
Accordingly, the Appellant contends that Parliament had expressly enacted the
common law prohibition of torture.

58 We agree that there is a common law prohibition against torture, and that
this prohibition has been imported into domestic law pursuant to (what is now)
Art 162 of the Constitution. But there are two reasons why this proposition
does not take the Appellant very far.

59 First, the common law prohibition of torture referred to by the House of
Lords in _A v Home Department (No 2)_ has a narrow and specific compass. As
the extracts reproduced at [54]–[55] above show, the Law Lords were concerned
with the practice of torturing suspects or witnesses for the purpose of
extracting evidence and confessions. But this prohibition, which has an
ancient pedigree, did not cover the treatment of criminals after they were
found guilty of their crimes. Thus, in his historical survey of the use of
torture in England, Jardine noted that the last recorded instance of the
infliction of torture in England occurred in _1640_ , where a royal warrant
was issued authorising the Lieutenant of the Tower of London to take one John
Archer to the rack, and “if upon sight of the rack he does not make a clear
answer, then they are to cause him to be racked as in their discretions shall
be thought fit” (David Jardine, A Reading on the Use of Torture in the
Criminal Law of England (Baldwin and Cradock, 1837) at p 57). Yet excruciating
methods of execution such as hanging, drawing and quartering persisted in
England till the _19th century_. This point was starkly, even if acerbically,
made in A Lawrence Lowell, “The Judicial Use of Torture” (1897) 11 Harvard L
Rev 220 as follows (at p 290):

The illegality of torture in England has been a subject of boasting among
Englishmen for more than five centuries, and it has been commonly attributed
either to a famous clause in Magna Charta, or to a peculiar degree of humanity
in the race. … The Great Charter has come to be popularly regarded as a kind
of prophetic document, which included in its protection all the rights of
Englishmen, whether known in the reign of King John or not; but the suggestion
that it was intended to forbid the use of torture, or directly prevented its
introduction, will hardly bear the test of historical investigation. _Nor, in
the view of the barbarous methods of execution in England, can the absence of
torture be ascribed to any peculiarly humane feeling. No one can read the
sentence of a man for treason in the last century, with its description of the
process of hanging, drawing, and quartering, or remember that the punishment
of a woman for the same offence was burning alive, without recognizing that
there was no great tenderness for criminals._ … [emphasis added]

60 It may also be noted that judicial whipping as a general sentence was only
abolished in England in 1948 (by s 2 of the Criminal Justice Act 1948 (c 58)
(UK)), and prison floggings in 1967 (by s 65 of the Criminal Justice Act 1967
(c 80) (UK)). It is therefore clear that the common law prohibition of torture
does not prohibit caning or any other form of corporal punishment.

61 Second, even if we assumed for the sake of argument that caning falls
within the scope of the common law prohibition, which was legislatively
enacted into Singapore law in 1963, there still remains the question as to
whether a general prohibition of torture can prevail over s 33B(1)(_a_) of the
amended MDA. The Appellant suggests that the prohibition of torture should be
given _constitutional_ force as a fundamental rule of natural justice, so that
it would take precedence over normal legislation. This argument drew its
inspiration from the pronouncement of the Privy Council in _Ong Ah Chuan v PP_
[1979–1980] SLR(R) 710 (“ _Ong Ah Chuan_ ”), (at [26]) that:

In a Constitution founded on the Westminster model and particularly in that
part of it that purports to assure to all individual citizens the continued
enjoyment of fundamental liberties or rights, references to "law" in such
contexts as "in accordance with law", "equality before the law", "protection
of the law" and the like, in their Lordships' view, refer to a system of law
which incorporates those fundamental rules of natural justice that had formed
part and parcel of the common law of England that was in operation in
Singapore at the commencement of the Constitution. It would have been taken
for granted by the makers of the Constitution that the "law" to which citizens
could have recourse for the protection of fundamental liberties assured to
them by the Constitution would be a system of law that did not flout those
fundamental rules. …

62 It is sometimes suggested that the fundamental rules of natural justice
contain _substantive_ legal rights. This would be a mistake. As one
commentator puts it (Frederick F. Shauer, “ _English Natural Justice and
American Due Process: An Analytical Comparison_ ” (1976) 18 William & Mary L
Rev 47 at p 48):

The basis of procedural protection in the English system is the concept of
natural justice. Natural justice is not, despite its name, a general natural
law concept; the name is a term of art that denotes specific procedural rights
in the English system. The first, _audi alteram partem_ , relates to the right
to be heard; the second, _nemo debet esse judex in propria sua causa_ or _nemo
judex in re sua_ , establishes the right to an unbiased tribunal. …

63 To similar effect, the Privy Council in _Haw Tua Tau and others v Public
Prosecutor_ [1981–1982] SLR(R) 133, noted (at [9]):

It would be imprudent of their Lordships to attempt to make a comprehensive
list of what constitutes fundamental rules of natural justice applicable to
_procedure_ for determining the guilt of a person charged with a criminal
offence. … [emphasis added]

64 The fundamental rules of natural justice in the common law are therefore
_procedural_ rights aimed at securing a fair trial. Torture in its _narrow_
sense (where it is used to extract evidence to be used as proof in judicial
proceedings) would violate the fundamental rules of natural justice; to
convict a person based on evidence procured by torture strikes at the very
heart of a fair trial. But the fundamental rules of natural justice have
nothing to say about the punishment of criminals after they have been
convicted pursuant to a fair trial. In our judgment, therefore, even assuming
the common law prohibition of torture extends to caning in the context of a
punishment to be imposed on a convicted person after trial, it would not have
constitutional force because this would not come within the ambit of
fundamental rules of natural justice in the sense in which it was referred to
in _Ong Ah Chuan_.

65 Hence, that aspect of such a prohibition would be entitled to no greater
weight than any other law. To resolve an inconsistency between such a
prohibition and statutory provisions that mandate caning, it would be
necessary to apply the principles of statutory interpretation, such as the
principle that a later law abrogates earlier contrary laws (_leges posteriores
priores contrarias abrogant_) and the principle that a general provision does
not derogate from a special one (_generalia specialibus non derogant_) (Oliver
Jones, _Bennion on Statutory Interpretation_ (LexisNexis, 6th Ed, 2013) at pp
279–282). Clearly, s 33B of the amended MDA, which was enacted later and which
governs the specific situation before us, would override any prior enactment
of the general common law prohibition of torture insofar as caning is
concerned.

66 The distinction between the fairly narrow concept of torture prohibited by
the common law (as described at [59] above) and the broader meaning that the
term ordinarily bears also addresses a passage in _Yong Vui Kong (MDP)_ which
the Appellant placed repeated emphasis on. In that case, this court held that
the Government’s decision to reject a proposed constitutional provision
prohibiting inhuman punishment (among other things) meant that such a
prohibition could not be read into the Constitution (at [74]). But this Court
went on to observe (at [75]):

75 This conclusion does not mean that, because the proposed Art 13 included a
prohibition against torture, an Act of Parliament that permits torture can
form part of "law" for the purposes of Art 9(1). Currently, no domestic
legislation permits torture. In any case, torture is not the issue before us.
…

67 In our judgment, this passage when read in context cannot be read as an
implicit endorsement of the view that the broad international law norm against
torture has constitutional force in Singapore. It is correct to say that the
first of these three sentences suggests that any piece of legislation
permitting torture would not be “law” within the meaning of Art 9. But it
should not be assumed that the Court there was referring to torture in the
broad sense in which it is commonly used. The more plausible view is that the
court was referring to the narrower common law prohibition of torture as
defined in [59] above (which, as we have held, constitutes a fundamental rule
of natural justice that cannot be abrogated by ordinary legislation). In any
event, regardless of which definition of torture was being applied, the court
in that case clearly did not think that caning was torture because it was
aware that caning is permitted under Singapore law (see _Yong Vui Kong (MDP)_
at [69]) and it then went on to say that currently, no domestic legislation
permits torture. It therefore follows that the above passage in _Yong Vui Kong
(MDP)_ is of no assistance to the Appellant insofar as caning is concerned.

An unenumerated constitutional right

68 Having failed on both the first two grounds, the Appellant then submitted
that a prohibition against torture and inhuman punishment should be read into
the Constitution because such practices violate “first principles of natural
law”. In this regard, the Appellant placed reliance on the High Court decision
of _Mohammad Faizal bin Sabtu and another v Public Prosecutor and another
matter_ [2012] 4 SLR 947 (“ _Mohammad Faizal_ ”), which he submitted stands
for the proposition that certain unenumerated rights might exist in the
Constitution. In _Mohammad Faizal_ , Chan Sek Keong CJ (sitting in the High
Court) held that the principle of separation of powers is part of the “basic
structure” of the Constitution (at [11]):

The Stated Question must be analysed against the backdrop of Singapore's
constitutional framework. The Singapore Constitution is based on the
Westminster model of constitutional government ("the Westminster model"),
under which the sovereign power of the State is distributed among three organs
of state, _viz_ , the Legislature, the Executive and the Judiciary. In the UK
(where the Westminster model originated), the Legislature is the UK parliament
(comprising the House of Commons and the House of Lords), the Executive is the
UK government and the Judiciary consists of the UK judges. Likewise, under the
Singapore Constitution, the sovereign power of Singapore is shared among the
same trinity of constitutional organs, _viz_ , the Legislature (comprising the
President of Singapore and the Singapore parliament), the Executive (the
Singapore government) and the Judiciary (the judges of the Supreme Court and
the Subordinate Courts). _The principle of separation of powers, whether
conceived as a sharing or a division of sovereign power between these three
organs of state, is therefore part of the basic structure of the Singapore
Constitution._ … [emphasis added]

69 The basic structure doctrine postulates that there are certain fundamental
features of a constitution that cannot be amended by Parliament. It derives
from the decision of the Supreme Court of India in _Kesavananda Bharati v
State of Kerala_ AIR 1973 SC 1461 (“ _Kesavananda_ ”), where the court held
that “every provision of the Constitution can be amended provided in the
result the basic foundation and structure of the Constitution remains the
same” (at [316]). An example of a feature that is part of the basic structure
of the Constitution is the separation of powers (as was held in _Mohammad
Faizal_). Another example is possibly the right to vote. This right cannot be
found in the Constitution; indeed, like the prohibition against inhuman
punishment it was one of the rights which the constitutional commission
chaired by Wee Chong Jin CJ recommended to be included in the Constitution
(_Report of the Constitutional Commission 1966_ (27 August 1966) at para 43),
but which ultimately was not adopted by the Government. Nonetheless, in
relation to the right to vote, the Government acknowledged in 2001 that this
is part of the basic structure of the Constitution (_Singapore Parliamentary
Debates, Official Report_ (16 May 2001) vol 73 at col 1726 (Wong Kan Seng,
Minister for Home Affairs and Leader of the House)):

_While the Constitution does not contain an expressed declaration of the right
to vote, I have been advised by the Attorney General, even before today, that
the right to vote at parliamentary and presidential elections_ **_is implied
within the structure of our Constitution_** _._ We have a parliamentary form
of government. The Constitution provides for regular general elections to make
up Parliament and establishes representative democracy in Singapore. So the
right to vote is fundamental to a representative democracy, which we are, and
that is why we have the Parliamentary Elections Act to give effect to this
right. [emphasis added in italics and bold italics]

70 Likewise, in _Vellama d/o Marie Muthu v Attorney-General_ [2013] 4 SLR 1,
we located the philosophical underpinnings of the right to vote in the
Westminster model of government set up by the Constitution (at [79]):

At this juncture, it is vital to remind ourselves that the form of government
of the Republic of Singapore as reflected in the Constitution is the
Westminster model of government, with the party commanding the majority
support in Parliament having the mandate to form the government. The authority
of the government emanates from the people. Each Member represents the people
of the constituency who voted him into Parliament. The voters of a
constituency are entitled to have a Member representing and speaking for them
in Parliament. The Member is not just the mouthpiece but the voice of the
people of the constituency. …

71 These examples show that in order for a feature to be considered part of
the basic structure of the Constitution, it must be something fundamental and
essential to the political system that is established thereunder. As observed
in Calvin Liang and Sarah Shi, “The Constitution of Our Constitution, A
Vindication of the Basic Structure Doctrine” _Singapore Law Gazette_ (August
2014) 12 at paras 38 and 46:

The basic structure is intrinsic to, and arises from, the very nature of a
constitution and not legislative or even judicial fiat. At its uncontentious
minimum, a constitution sets out how political power is organised and divided
between the organs of State in a particular society. In other words, the
constitution is a power-defining and, therefore, power-limiting tool. …

…

… the basic structure is a limited doctrine. It is arguable that fundamental
rights are not a necessary part of the basic structure of a constitution. This
is because fundamental rights relate to rights and liberties of citizens and
do not define the limits to the powers of and checks on each organ of the
State. What is not fundamental to a constitution cannot form part of its basic
structure. …

72 We have outlined the contours of the basic structure doctrine above only to
show that it is inapplicable in the present case: clearly, there is nothing
inherent in the system of government set up by our Constitution which requires
a finding that the prohibition against torture forms part of its basic
structure. However, this also means that it is unnecessary in this case for us
to reach the question of whether such a doctrine as was set down in
_Kesavananda_ is or is not a part of our law, nor, if it were, what its extent
or effect might be. _Kesavananda_ holds that the basic structure of a
constitution may not be amended even by a validly passed constitutional
amendment. In _Teo Soh Lung v Minister for Home Affairs and others_ [1989] 1
SLR(R) 461 (at [47]), F A Chua J held that the basic structure doctrine does
not apply in Singapore; on appeal, this Court considered it unnecessary to
decide the issue definitively (_Teo Soh Lung v Minister for Home Affairs and
others_ [1990] 1 SLR(R) 347 at [44]). Similarly, since we are not considering
the validity of a constitutional amendment, this issue does not arise for our
decision here and we therefore express no view on this.

73 Moving away from the basic structure doctrine, the Appellant has not
supplied any other legal basis to justify reading a prohibition against
torture into the Constitution aside from a general invocation of “natural
law”. In our judgment, where a right cannot be found in the Constitution
(whether expressly or by necessary implication), _the courts do not have the
power to create such a right out of whole cloth simply because they consider
it to be desirable_ or perhaps to put in terms that might _appear_ more
principled, to be part of natural law. We note that even among natural law
theorists, there is no consensus on what natural law requires of judges. Some
have contended that natural law in fact requires judges to respect the
boundaries of the authority conferred upon them by the Constitution. As argued
in Robert P George, “The Natural Law Due Process Philosophy” (2001) 69 Fordham
L Rev 2301 at pp 2303–2304:

Indeed, someone who accepts "natural law" in Finnis’ sense and mine can
without logical inconsistency reject what Black denounced as "the natural law
due process philosophy" of judging – that is, the idea that judges are
empowered as a matter of natural law, to invalidate legislation as
"unconstitutional" even where that legislation does not violate any norm
fairly discoverable in the constitutional text, or, I would add, its
structure, logic, or original understanding, on the basis of the judges'
personal – and, in that sense, one might say (without suggesting anything
about their metaethical status) "subjective" – beliefs about natural law and
natural rights.

As I argued in my paper, the issue of the scope and limits of judicial power
is not resolved by natural law; it is settled, rather, by the positive law of
the Constitution. And, entirely compatibly with the requirements of natural
law, it may reasonably be settled differently, by way of different
constitutional arrangements, in different societies. There is nothing in
principle unjust or otherwise immoral about a constitution that vests a
significant measure of law-making authority in courts as a check on
legislative power; but there is nothing unjust or otherwise immoral about a
constitution that does not confer upon courts even a limited power of judicial
review. _Among the things natural law requires of judges and other officials
of a basically just regime is that they respect the limits of their own
authority under the Constitution, whatever those limits are, and avoid
usurping authority settled by the Constitution on others._

[emphasis added]

74 Another academic has pointed out that natural law and natural rights were
not originally understood (in the American context) as a source of
constitutional rights. To the contrary, it was used to explain why individuals
gave up some of their natural rights to civil government, with written
constitutions serving as a record of which rights were retained (Phillip A
Hamburger, “Natural Rights, Natural Law, and American Constitutions” (1993)
102 Yale LJ 907 at p 956):

… Contrary to the assumptions of many modern scholars, natural rights and
natural law typically were considered compatible with the notion of a written
constitution. Americans usually assumed that the people sacrificed some of
their natural rights – that is, some of their natural freedom – in order to
preserve the remainder, and these Americans understood written constitutions
to be documents in which the extent of the sacrifice was recorded. _Natural
law was not a residual source of constitutional rights but rather was the
reasoning that implied the necessity of sacrificing natural liberty to
government in a written constitution._ … [emphasis added]

75 Further, reading unenumerated rights into the Constitution would entail
judges sitting as a super-legislature and enacting their personal views of
what is just and desirable into law, which is not only undemocratic but also
antithetical to the rule of law. In our judgment therefore, there is no basis
for reading rights into the Constitution on the basis of natural law, and we
reject the Appellant’s arguments under this rubric.

Does caning constitute torture?

76 This is sufficient to dispose of the appeal since we have held that caning
is not covered by the common law conception of torture (see [59] above), and
further, that even if caning does constitute torture under international law,
domestic statutes would take precedence over any international law norms in
the event of any inconsistency between the two (see [38] above). As caning is
specifically mandated by statute and there is nothing to invalidate it, the
challenge under Art 9(1) must fail. However, the parties have made extensive
submissions on whether caning falls within the international law definition of
torture and we will therefore turn to consider this issue.

77 The Appellant argues that we should refer to the Geneva Conventions Act
(Cap 117, 1985 Rev Ed) (“the GCA”) as it is the only domestic statute that
includes a definition of torture. Article 87 of the Third Schedule to the GCA
(which enacts the Third Geneva Convention) states:

Prisoners of war may not be sentenced by the military authorities and courts
of the Detaining Power to any penalties except those provided for in respect
of members of the armed forces of the said Power who have committed the same
acts.

When fixing the penalty, the courts or authorities of the Detaining Power
shall take into consideration, to the widest extent possible, the fact that
the accused, not being a national of the Detaining Power, is not bound to it
by any duty of allegiance, and that he is in its power as the result of
circumstances independent of his own will. The said courts or authorities
shall be at liberty to reduce the penalty provided for the violation of which
the prisoner of war is accused, and shall therefore not be bound to apply the
minimum penalty prescribed.

_Collective punishment for individual acts_ , **_corporal punishment_** _,
imprisonment in premises without daylight and, in general, any form of torture
or cruelty, are forbidden._

No prisoner of war may be deprived of his rank by the Detaining Power, or
prevented from wearing his badges.

[emphasis added in italics and bold italics]

The Appellant argues that the italicised portion of the foregoing provision
indicates that corporal punishment is a form of torture.

78 We find no force in this argument at all. In the first place, we do not
read Art 87 as saying that the specifically prohibited acts constitute
instances of torture. Examples such as imprisonment in premises without
daylight appear to fall well short of that threshold. In our judgment, a more
plausible interpretation is that those acts were mentioned precisely because
the drafters wished to make it clear that they were prohibited even though
they might not necessarily rise to the level of torture. More importantly, the
Third Geneva Convention is concerned with the treatment of prisoners of war
and its provisions were aimed at curbing abuses commonly experienced by them.
It does not purport to lay down a definition of torture that is of general
application to everyone. As noted in Jean Pictet, _Commentary on the Geneva
Conventions of 12 August 1949_ vol III (International Committee of the Red
Cross, 1960) at pp 432, the Third Geneva Convention might sometimes result in
prisoners of war being accorded better treatment than members of the Detaining
Power’s armed forces:

The prohibition of corporal punishment sometimes places prisoners of war in a
privileged position as compared with members of the armed forces of the
Detaining Power. It has been justified since 1929, however, because of the
abuses committed during the First World War.

79 Next, the Appellant referred to the definition of torture in Art 1 of the
CAT, which states as follows:

For the purposes of this Convention, the term “torture” means any act by which
severe pain or suffering, whether physical or mental, is intentionally
inflicted on a person for such purposes as obtaining from him or a third
person information or a confession, punishing him for an act he or a third
person has committed or is suspected of having committed, or intimidating or
coercing him or a third person, or for any reason based on discrimination of
any kind, when such pain or suffering is inflicted by or at the instigation of
or with the consent or acquiescence of a public official or other person
acting in an official capacity. It does not include pain or suffering arising
only from, inherent in or incidental to lawful sanctions.

It has been held that this definition of torture reflects the definition of
torture in CIL as well (_Furundžija_ at [160]–[161]).

80 There are two important points to note about the CAT’s definition of
torture. First, it excludes pain and suffering arising only from “lawful
sanctions”. Might it be argued that caning is a lawful sanction that falls
within this exception? On the one hand, it appears that the phrase “lawful
sanctions” was deliberately left vague when the CAT was drafted so as to bring
more states on board. Fuzziness might be thought to have its virtues. When
states were invited to comment on the draft convention, many of them noted
that it was a compromise text that was not fully satisfactory. A number of
states (including Italy, the Netherlands, the UK and the US) commented
specifically on the phrase “lawful sanctions”, saying that a sanction must be
lawful under both national and international law to fall within this exception
(_Report of the Secretary-General_ , Torture and other Cruel, Inhuman and
Degrading Treatment or Punishment, 2 October 1984, UN Doc A/39/499 at pp 11,
13, 19 and 21). In a 1995 report, the Special Rapporteur to the UN Commission
on Human Rights addressed this issue and opined that the lawful sanctions
exclusion “must necessarily refer to those sanctions that constitute practices
widely accepted as legitimate by the international community, such as
deprivation of liberty through imprisonment” (Question of the Human Rights of
All Persons Subjected to Any Form of Detention or Imprisonment, in particular
Torture and other Cruel, Inhuman or Degrading Treatment or Punishment, _Report
of the Special Rapporteur_ , Nigel S Rodley, submitted pursuant to Commission
on Human Rights resolution 1995/37 B, 10 January 1997, UN Doc E/CN.4/1997/7 at
para 8). Likewise, in a meeting to discuss a report submitted by Kuwait under
Art 19 of the CAT, the Chairman noted that for a sanction to be lawful under
Art 1, it must be lawful not only under domestic law “but also in terms of
basic internationally recognized norms” (Committee against Torture, 20th
Session, _Summary Record of the Public Part of the 334th Meeting_ ,
Consideration of Reports Submitted by States Parties under Article 19 of the
Convention, 19 October 1998, UN Doc CAT/C/SR.334 at para 18).

81 On the other hand, this view of the “lawful sanctions” exceptions would
seem to rob the exception of any meaningful content. The exception was meant
to take certain types of conduct outside the ambit of the prohibition on
torture. In other words, conduct causing pain and suffering that would or
might otherwise be caught by the prohibition of torture would not be caught by
it if the pain and suffering was inherent in or incidental to lawful
sanctions. This would be workable if the lawfulness of such sanctions were to
be judged as a matter of domestic law only. Once this was extended to
international law however, the exception would become meaningless because in
such a situation:

(a) either the conduct in question does not on any view constitute torture, in
which case there would be no need or occasion to invoke the “lawful sanctions”
exception at all since the conduct would not be caught by the prohibition to
begin with; or

(b) the conduct in question does in principle fall within the definition of
torture but in such a case, it would seem that the exception cannot then be
invoked at all because it would be considered unlawful under international
law.

82 If this analysis is right, then the fuzziness would appear to have been
calculated and the “lawful sanctions” exception was devised as a meaningless
gesture made to secure the necessary support. We are doubtful this can be
right but, given the views to the contrary that we have referred to at [80]
above, we prefer not to place reliance on the “lawful sanctions” exception in
deciding whether caning constitutes torture.

83 The second point to note in relation to the definition of torture in the
CAT is that international law draws a distinction between torture and inhuman
punishment. This distinction is enunciated in Art 1 of the Declaration on the
Protection of All Persons from Being Subjected to Torture and Other Cruel,
Inhuman or Degrading Treatment or Punishment, 9 December 1975,
A/RES/3452(XXX), which states that torture constitutes “an aggravated and
deliberate form of cruel, inhuman or degrading treatment or punishment”. The
same distinction is made in Art 16 of the CAT, which refers to “acts of cruel,
inhuman or degrading treatment or punishment which do not amount to torture as
defined in [Art 1]”. In _Ireland v The United Kingdom_ [1978] ECHR 1 at [167],
the European Court of Human Rights (“ECHR”) explained that the distinction
between torture and inhuman punishment “derives principally from a difference
in the intensity of the suffering inflicted”. This court has held in _Yong Vui
Kong (MDP)_ (at [72]) that there is no prohibition against inhuman punishment
in Singapore law, the Appellant would therefore have to establish that caning
does not merely constitute inhuman punishment but crosses into the realm of
torture.

84 In this regard, it is helpful first to consider the types of conduct that
international courts have found to constitute torture. The Respondent has
tendered a number of such cases which illustrate the severity and brutality of
the conduct that is required to breach this threshold. We cite a few examples
below:

(a) In _Korobov v Ukraine_ (Application No 39598/03, Judgment of 21 July
2011), the victim was beaten up and repeatedly shocked with electricity by the
police while in custody. He suffered serious injuries including two broken
ribs, a kidney contusion and haematuria (red blood cells in his urine).
Although he was unable to furnish medical records to prove that his injuries
were sustained while in custody, the ECHR considered it the Government’s duty
to conduct a proper medical examination after arresting him (at [68]–[70]) and
held that the victim’s injuries were sufficiently serious to amount to torture
under Art 3 of the European Convention on Human Rights (at [73]–[74]).

(b) In _Aksoy v Turkey_ (Application No 21987/93, Judgment of 18 December
1996), the victim claimed to have been suspended from his arms, which were
tied together behind his back (a form of treatment know as a “Palestinian
hanging”); to have been given electric shocks, which were exacerbated by
throwing water over him; and to have been subjected to beatings, slapping and
verbal abuse. There was medical evidence showing that the victim had suffered
radial paralysis of both arms consistent with Palestinian hanging. Noting that
“the special stigma of ‘torture’ [would] attach only to deliberate inhuman
treatment causing very serious and cruel suffering”, the ECHR held that
Palestinian hanging was of such a serious and cruel nature that it could only
be described as torture (at [63]–[64]).

(c) In _El-Masri v The Former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia_ (Application No
39630/09, Judgment of 13 December 2012), the victim was beaten severely by
several men, stripped, and sodomised with an object. He was then shackled and
hooded and marched to an airplane. When on the plane, he was thrown to the
floor, chained down and forcibly tranquilised. The ECHR held that such
treatment amounted to torture (at [211]).

(d) In _Prosecutor v Miroslav Kvocka et al_ (Case No IT-98-30/1, Judgment of 2
November 2001), the victims were held in detention camps. They were not
allowed to use toilet facilities and were given rotten food and insufficient
drinking water. They were also routinely beaten with army boots, rifle butts,
hands and fists. The vast majority of detainees received no medical care for
their wounds or ailments, and dead bodies were left outside to fester for days
at a time. The Trial Chamber of the International Criminal Tribunal for the
former Yugoslavia held that the victims had been subjected to torture (at
[158]).

(e) In _Husayn (Abu Zubaydah) v Poland_ (Application No 7511/13, Judgment of
24 July 2014), the applicant was subjected to brutal interrogation techniques
which included beating and kicking, confinement in a box, exposure to cold
temperature, food deprivation, and at least 83 sessions of waterboarding.
These were carried out by the US Central Intelligence Agency for the purpose
of extracting information from the applicant. The ECHR held that such
treatment amounted to torture (at [511]).

85 These and the other cases tendered by the Respondent share a number of
notable features. First and foremost, these and indeed the substantial
majority of all the cases concerned extra-legal acts of abuse committed by
public officers to extract information from individuals in custody or war
crimes committed by military officers during times of civil upheaval. None of
them concerned the execution of a punishment prescribed by law and implemented
in accordance with legal requirements. Second, the victims in those cases
underwent severe levels of physical and serious physical injuries and mental
suffering that seemed to us to far exceed that caused by a sentence of caning.

86 Some cases were cited that dealt with judicial corporal punishment imposed
as a sanction by the courts but these evince no consensus on whether this
amounts to torture. Although corporal punishment has been ruled
unconstitutional in a number of countries, those rulings were made pursuant to
constitutions which outlawed inhuman punishment in addition to torture (see,
_eg_ , _Ncube v The State_ [1988] LRC (Const) 442 (Supreme Court of Zimbabwe);
_In re Corporal Punishment By Organs of State_ [1991] NASC 2 (Supreme Court of
Namibia); _S v Williams and Others_ [1995] ZACC 6 (Constitutional Court of
South Africa); _Banda v The People_ (2002) AHRLR 260 (High Court of Lusaka in
Zambia)). The courts in those cases appeared to regard corporal punishment as
a form of inhuman punishment, but stopped short of calling it “torture”. Thus,
in _Tyrer v The United Kingdom_ [1978] ECHR 2 (“ _Tyrer_ ”), the ECHR found
that the practice of juvenile birching (which involves the whipping of the
clothed posterior of boys with either a light cane or a birch rod) did _not_
constitute torture but rather amounted to “degrading punishment”.

87 Of the many authorities that were brought to our attention, in only one
case was corporal punishment expressly held to constitute torture. This was in
_Caesar v Trinidad and Tobago_ (Series C, No 123, Judgment of 11 March 2005)
(“ _Caesar_ ”). In that case, the victim was lashed 15 times across his back
with a cat-o’-nine tails (which consisted of a plaited rope instrument made up
of nine knotted thongs of cotton cord, 30 inches long and less than one
quarter of an inch in diameter each, attached to a handle) as part of a
sentence of flogging. The flogging was carried out 23 months after the victim
was sentenced, and before it took place, he was deliberately forced to witness
the effects of flogging on other prisoners on three or four separate
occasions. After the flogging, he remained in the infirmary for two months
where the only medical treatment given to him consisted of painkillers. The
Inter-American Court of Human Rights held that this form of corporal
punishment constituted a form of torture under Art 5(2) of the American
Convention on Human Rights (at [73]). We note in passing that in Singapore,
the use of the cat-o’-nine-tails as an instrument of punishment was abolished
in 1954 by the Criminal Justice (Punishment – Amendment) Ordinance (No 20 of
1954).

88 The parties also referred us to _Curtis Francis Doebbler v Sudan_ (2003)
AHRLR 153 (ACHPR 2003) (“ _Doebbler_ ”). That case concerned the practice of
lashing which was a form of corporal punishment authorised by the criminal law
of Sudan. The victims were female students who were convicted of offences
involving supposedly immoral conduct such as talking with boys and wearing
trousers. They were sentenced to fines and between 25–40 lashes each, which
were carried out in public on their bare backs. The instrument used was a wire
and plastic whip which was not clean, and no doctor was present to supervise
the execution of the punishment, thereby exposing the victims to the risk of
infection. The African Commission on Human and Peoples’ Rights held that this
punishment violated Art 5 of the African Charter on Human and Peoples’ Rights,
which prohibited “torture, cruel, inhuman or degrading punishment and
treatment”. However, it appears that the Commission in that case did not draw
any distinction between inhuman punishment and torture, and indeed used the
language of inhuman punishment rather than torture throughout most of its
decision (see [35]–[38]).

89 It is evident from the preceding authorities that to determine whether
particular conduct constitutes torture entails a fact-sensitive inquiry that
requires a holistic analysis of the purpose of the conduct, the manner of its
execution and its effect on the recipient. In Singapore, the features of
caning, which may be administered in private and only as punishment and not
for other extraneous purposes, are as follows:

(a) it is carried out using a rattan cane of not more than 1.27 centimetres in
diameter (s 329(3) CPC);

(b) it is not to be carried out in instalments (s 330(1) CPC), thereby
ensuring that prisoners sentenced to caning are done with it in a single
session and do not have to go through the process repeatedly even if the full
sentence might not have been administered for medical reasons;

(c) the maximum number of strokes that can be inflicted on the offender at any
one time is 24 strokes in the case of an adult regardless of the number of
charges the offender has been convicted of and what the actual cumulative
prescribed punishment might be (s 330(2) CPC);

(d) caning may be inflicted only if a medical officer is present and certifies
that the offender is in a fit state of health to undergo such punishment, and
must be stopped if, during the execution of the sentence, the medical officer
certifies that the offender is not fit to undergo the rest of the sentence (s
331(1) CPC); and

(e) women, men above the age of 50, and men sentenced to death whose sentences
have not been commuted may not be punished with caning (s 325(1) CPC).

90 Having regard to these features, we are satisfied that while caning in
Singapore is a more severe form of punishment than the juvenile birching that
was in issue in _Tyrer_ , it is less severe than the flogging in _Caesar_ and
quite different from the public lashing of the female students in _Doebbler_.

91 It is undeniably the case that caning inflicts a considerable level of pain
and suffering. But it is evident from the cases we have referred to above that
the “special stigma” of torture has been reserved by international courts and
tribunals for instances of severe and indiscriminate brutality (such as those
described in [84] above), and this is simply not the case with caning that is
administered in Singapore as a punishment for selected crimes.

92 The Appellant submitted that the CPC provisions do not address important
aspects of the execution of caning, such as whether the rattan cane should be
sterilised, the characteristics of the caner, the positioning of the prisoner,
the process of caning itself, and its aftermath. He argues that without clear
rules governing these aspects of caning, there are no safeguards to ensure
that it is not administered in a manner that amounts to torture. The Appellant
further contends that the Commissioner of Prisons (“the Commissioner”) has no
authority to fill in these gaps and determine the mode of executing a sentence
of caning by himself. Consequently, any act of purported caning by the
Commissioner would be _ultra vires_ the CPC and unlawful.

93 We disagree with the Appellant’s argument on the Commissioner’s authority.
Under s 317 of the CPC, the Commissioner or the officer appointed by him is
given “full authority” to carry out a sentence of caning on a prisoner upon
receiving the relevant warrant forwarded by the court. In our judgment this
authority must plainly include the power to determine the manner in which
caning is to be carried out. Without this power, the Commissioner would be
unable to perform his statutory duty. As stated in s 29(1) of the
Interpretation Act (Cap 1, 2002 Rev Ed) (“IA”):

**Construction of enabling words**

**29.** —(1) Where a written law confers powers on any person to do or enforce
the doing of any act or thing, such powers shall be understood to be also
conferred as are reasonably necessary to enable the person to do or enforce
the doing of the act or thing.

94 In _Public Prosecutor v Li Weiming and others_ [2014] 2 SLR 393, a similar
issue arose in relation to s 160(1) of the CPC, which states:

**Criminal case disclosure conference**

**160.** —(1) The prosecution and the accused shall attend a criminal case
disclosure conference as directed by a court in accordance with this Division
for the purpose of settling the following matters:

(_a_) the filing of the Case for the Prosecution and the Case for the Defence;

…

95 The issue was whether the Magistrate or District Judge presiding over a
criminal case disclosure conference has the power to order the Prosecution to
furnish additional particulars in the summary of facts in support of the
charge filed and served as part of the Case for the Prosecution. This power
was not expressly provided for in the CPC. Nonetheless, this Court held that
these powers were conferred by s 160(1) as powers that were necessary or
ancillary to the court’s power to settle matters relating to the Case for the
Prosecution (at [60]):

As we have considered above (at [41]), ss 160(2) and 404 are predicated on the
assumption that the court may make orders in the course of a CCDC hearing
relating to the matters enumerated in s 160(1), although s 160 understandably
does not set out an extensive list of the precise types of orders that may be
made. To the extent that these orders or directions do not impose additional
legal obligations or subject parties to substantive legal disabilities that
are not otherwise prescribed under the CPC 2010 or another written law, we
consider that the powers to make such orders are conferred by s 160(1) as
powers that are necessary or ancillary to "settling [such] matters". Under s
29(1) of the Interpretation Act (Cap 1, 2002 Rev Ed), a written law conferring
powers to do any act or thing shall be understood to confer powers that "are
reasonably necessary to enable the person to do ... the act or thing". _The
term "settling" is a broad one and ordinarily refers to the resolving of
matters in dispute and/or which have not been agreed upon. It is implicit that
a power of the presiding judicial officer to settle must incorporate the power
to do what is necessary to achieve that objective. In our view, this must
necessarily include directions to parties on the timelines for filing and
service, as well as orders to provide further particulars or information to
fully comply with the requirements for the contents of the Cases under ss 162
and 165._ In the light of the foregoing analysis, it is not necessary for us
to have recourse to the court's power under s 6 of the CPC 2010 to adopt a
procedure as the justice of the case may require or to invoke the court's
inherent powers. [emphasis in original omitted; emphasis added in italics]

96 The Appellant sought to distinguish this and other similar cases cited by
the Respondent on the basis they were not concerned with the deprivation of
life and personal liberty. In this regard, he referred us to the case of
_Entick v Carrington_ (1765) 19 Howell’s State Trials 1029, which held that
every invasion of private property must be authorised by some positive law. He
contended that this must apply with even greater force to deprivations of life
and liberty. We are unable to see how this case assists the Appellant. It
bears noting first, that s 29(1) of the IA is phrased as a general rule of
interpretation that applies to every “written law”, regardless of whether that
law authorises the deprivation of life and personal liberty. The Appellant’s
argument that a different rule should apply to statutory provisions
authorising caning is therefore unsustainable. Moreover, it is undisputed in
the present context that s 317 of the CPC grants the Commissioner the
authority to carry out sentences of caning. The fact that no rules or
directions have been issued under ss 329(1) or (2) of the CPC prescribing the
mode of caning cannot in and of itself deprive the Commissioner of the
authority that has been granted to him. In the absence of such regulations, it
must be assumed that the Minister had intended to leave this to the discretion
of the Commissioner.

97 This of course does not mean that the Commissioner’s discretion to
determine the mode of caning is unfettered. This brings us to the Appellant’s
argument on the absence of provision in the CPC as to specific aspects of the
execution of caning. As we understand it, the Appellant’s contention is this.
Even if, as we have held (at [90]–[91] above), caning that is in accordance
with ss 325–331 of the CPC does not constitute torture, granting the
Commissioner such wide authority to execute the punishment means that he may
well comply with ss 325–331 of the CPC and yet perform the caning in a manner
that amounts to torture. As to this we have three observations. First, there
is a requirement for caning to be administered in the presence of a medical
officer who must assess and certify the convicted person’s fitness to undergo
the sentence throughout its administration. This in itself would address a
number of the concerns raised by the Appellant including as to the risk of
infection.

98 Second, on any basis, it must follow that the Commissioner must exercise
his discretion as to the precise mode of caning in a _lawful_ manner. This
obligation means that, absent express legislative provision, he must not adopt
a mode of caning that would constitute torture. This is because all statutes
should be interpreted in a manner that is consistent with Singapore’s
international law obligations as far as possible, and there is no indication
that Parliament, by authorising the Commissioner to carry out sentences of
caning, had intended to authorise a violation of the international law
prohibition against torture. But the burden is on the Appellant to establish
that the Commissioner has exercised his discretion in an unlawful manner. As
this Court noted in _Ramalingam Ravinthran v Attorney-General_ [2012] 2 SLR 49
at [47], a presumption of legality attaches to the acts of public officials.
Much was made of the Respondent’s refusal to disclose the Orders (see [9]
above) but beyond raising areas where the Appellant said it might
_theoretically_ be possible for caning to be administered in a torturous
manner, not a shred of evidence was put forward to warrant a finding that this
_was or might plausibly be the case_ here. It is an unwarranted leap to jump
from saying that because there are no rules spelling out exactly how caning is
to be administered, the Commissioner must be taken to be administering it in
an unlawful manner.

99 Third, even on the Appellant’s own account of caning (which he apparently
based on media and public reports and accounts), we do not consider that the
mode of caning that is said to be adopted by Prisons constitutes torture.
Caning is administered on the prisoner’s buttocks (unlike the flogging in
_Caesar_ and the lashing in _Doebbler_), thereby minimising the risk of any
injury to the prisoner’s bones and organs. It is carried out in private and
out of sight of other prisoners. Before the caning, the rattan cane is soaked
in water to prevent it from splitting and shearing the skin, and is also
treated with antiseptic. The strokes of the cane are meted out in a measured
and controlled manner at regular intervals, rather than in a haphazard and
capricious fashion. There is constant medical supervision throughout the
entire process, and the caning will be stopped if the medical officer is of
the view that the prisoner is unfit to continue undergoing the sentence. In
our judgment, these safeguards ensure that the present practice of caning does
not breach the high threshold of severity and brutality that is required for
it to be regarded as torture. In the premises, on this ground also, the
Appellant fails on the torture issue.

The Irrationality Issue

100 We deal with this ground of appeal very briefly because in our judgment,
it is plainly without merit. The Appellant’s argument is that statutory
provisions authorising caning are so irrational and arbitrary that they do not
even constitute “law”. He contended that this is so because there is no
evidence to show that caning has any deterrent effect on its recipients or on
the public in general. In this regard, the Appellant cited the following
passage from a 1938 report by the UK Home Department recommending the
abolition of corporal punishment in the UK (_Report of the Departmental
Committee on Corporal Punishment_ (Cmd 5684, His Majesty’s Stationery Office,
1938) at p 82):

The results of this analysis lend some support to the view, expressed to us by
probation officers and prison officials, that corporal punishment is apt to
produce feelings of resentment and bitterness which may make the offender more
anti-social and more, rather than less, likely to commit other offences. It is
essentially an unconstructive penalty. At the best, it can exercise no
positive reformative influence: at the worst, it may produce reactions which
make the individual who receives it less willing, or less able than he was
before to lead an honest and useful life in the community. …

101 The simple answer to this argument is that sentencing policy is a matter
for the legislature and it is not the role of the courts to pass judgment on
whether a particular type of sentence prescribed by Parliament is justified as
a matter of deterrence or otherwise. We also note that the Appellant is
running once again the arguments that this court had already rejected in _Yong
Vui Kong (MDP)_ (in the context of the mandatory death penalty). We can do
therefore no better than to repeat the comments made by Chan Sek Keong CJ in
that case (at [117]–[118]):

117 It is not within the purview of this court to determine the efficacy or
otherwise of the MDP as a deterrent _vis-à-vis_ the offence of drug
trafficking. In _Ong Ah Chuan_ ([4] supra), the Privy Council addressed this
very point when it said (at 672-673):

Their Lordships would emphasise that in their judicial capacity they are in no
way concerned with arguments for or against capital punishment or its efficacy
as a deterrent to so evil and profitable a crime as trafficking in addictive
drugs.

118 We would add that, although there is room for arguing that there is
insufficient evidence that the MDP deters serious offences like murder, it can
equally be said that there is insufficient evidence that the MDP does not have
such a deterrent effect. _Surveys and statistical studies on this issue in one
country can never be conclusive where another country is concerned. The issue
of whether the MDP has a deterrent effect is a question of policy and falls
within the purview of Parliament rather than that of the courts._ …

[emphasis added]

The Equal Protection Issue

102 We come finally to the Appellant’s arguments relating to Art 12(1) of the
Constitution. Article 12(1) provides as follows:

**Equal protection**

**12.** —(1) All persons are equal before the law and entitled to the equal
protection of the law.

103 The Appellant sought to challenge the constitutionality of the following
two differentiating measures found in s 325(1) of the CPC:

(a) the exclusion of women from caning (s 325(1)(a)); and

(b) the exclusion of men above 50 years old from caning (s 325(1)(b)).

He also submitted that the original legislative object of caning is racist and
outdated as it was targeted at the “riffraff and scum of China”.

104 Before proceeding to consider these arguments, we must state at the outset
that we are not sure where these objections would take the Appellant even if
they were made out. The Appellant’s case, with respect, seemed to us to be
rather confused in this regard. On the one hand, if s 325(1) were indeed
inconsistent with Art 12(1) of the Constitution, then we would have to declare
it void to the extent of the inconsistency. Yet the Appellant insisted that he
was not saying that women or men above the age of 50 should be caned as well.
Instead, his position is that the caning regime as a whole should be struck
down. But we fail to see how this follows. The statutory provisions
authorising caning are phrased in a general manner and do not in and of
themselves discriminate against men aged 50 and below; the violation of Art
12(1), if any, stems from the enactment of s 325(1). Therefore, even if we
agreed with the Appellant on the Equal Protection Issue, we have doubts
whether the appropriate course would be to grant him the relief that he is
seeking.

105 Turning to the substance of the Appellant’s arguments, it is well-settled
that the test for determining whether a law violates the equal protection
clause in Art 12(1) is the “reasonable classification” test. Under this test,
a differentiating measure prescribed by legislation would be consistent with
Art 12(1) only if (see _Tan Eng Hong v Attorney-General_ [2012] 4 SLR 476 at
[124]):

(a) the classification is founded on an intelligible differentia; and

(b) the differentia bears a rational relation to the object sought to be
achieved by the law in question.

106 Further, this court recently held that, in general, there is no additional
test as to whether the _object_ of the law itself is legitimate (see _Lim Meng
Suang_ at [82]). This is because the courts should not be adjudicating on
controversial issues of policy, ethics or social values, which are more
appropriately debated and resolved in the legislative sphere. This is subject
to the important qualification that the reasonable classification test itself
imports a limited requirement of legitimacy (_Ibid_ at [84]) and a law which
adopts a manifestly discriminatory object would not pass muster under the
first limb of the test. The differentiating factor used in such a law might be
intelligible in the sense that it clearly distinguishes those covered by the
law from those not covered by the law; but it would be “unintelligible” in the
sense that no _reasonable_ person would consider such a differentiating factor
to be functional as an intelligible differentia (_Ibid_ at [67]).

107 We now assess the Appellant’s arguments in the light of these principles.

The exclusion of women

108 In Singapore, s 325(1) of the CPC originated from s 278 of the Criminal
Procedure Code 1900 (No 21 of 1900). This provision was identical to s 278 of
the Criminal Procedure Code 1892 (No 7 of 1892), which was enacted but never
brought into force. As these provisions were passed without legislative
debate, it is necessary to go back further and consider the object of similar
provisions in the law of the Straits Settlements. In the Straits Settlements,
a statutory exemption of women from whipping first appeared in 1872, when
amendments to s 72A of the 1871 Penal Code were introduced by the Penal Code
Amendment Ordinance 1872 (No 3 of 1872) (“the 1872 Ordinance”). As this
exemption only applied to whipping imposed under the 1871 Penal Code, another
exemption for whipping imposed under other statutes was enacted in the
Whipping of Females Ordinance (No 3 of 1886), which made it unlawful to impose
whipping on women under any laws in force in the Straits Settlements. During
the Second Reading of the Whipping of Females Bill, the Colonial Secretary
explained the object of the Bill as follows (_Straits Settlements Short-hand
Report of the Proceedings of the Legislative Council_ (21 January 1886) at pp
B24–B25):

The Government has brought [the Bill] forward … because it is clear that it is
not to the credit of a civilised community, such as this colony claims to be,
that it should, by an accident or an oversight, retain upon its statute-book a
punishment which this Council could not for a moment approve, and which no
civilised community could for a moment tolerate. You must remember that the
moral sense of a community grows, and although a hundred years ago you would
have allowed hanging for sheep-stealing, that penalty is now only allowed in
cases of murder; and though flogging was once a common punishment, you would
not now allow flogging to be inflicted except with circumspection and caution,
and on men and men only; and although it may seem unnecessary in some respects
to pass an Ordinance that the punishment of flogging is never to be inflicted
upon women, _because the moral sense of the community would not allow it to be
inflicted_ , yet it is to the credit of the colony, and to the credit of the
Council, that we should wish to bring our statute-book into conformity with
the moral sense of the community … [emphasis added]

109 This extract demonstrates that the abolition of female whipping (and the
subsequent exemption of females from caning) was due to the “moral sense of
the community” that such a punishment should not be inflicted on females.
While the exact basis for this “moral sense” is left unexplained, the
Respondent contended that it was probably motivated by considerations about
the modesty of females and the differences in male and female physiology. On
the other hand, the Appellant submitted that there is no valid justification
for the differential treatment of males and females with respect to caning.
For example, it is inaccurate to generalise and say that females are more
fragile than males; it is patronising and outdated to regard females as the
more delicate sex in need of protection; practical steps could be taken to
ensure that their decency is respected during the administration of caning.

110 In our judgment, the Appellant is wrong. Insofar as the exclusion of women
from caning was out of concern that in general they would be less able to
withstand caning, we consider that there is a sufficient rational nexus
between the differentia adopted and the object of s 325(1)(a). There are
obvious physiological differences between males and females which we think
Parliament was legitimately entitled to have taken into account. Although
these differences might not always obtain in individual cases (thus, there may
be cases where a given female is as physically robust if not even more so than
a given male), the reasonable classification test does not require a _perfect_
relation or _complete_ coincidence between the differentia adopted by a law
and the object sought to be achieved by it.

111 And insofar as the exclusion of women was due to the moral sense that it
is barbaric to inflict violence upon women or that their decency would be
violated, we do not think that it is appropriate for us to pass judgment on
the soundness or rationality of such gendered social attitudes. As we have
mentioned earlier, the courts will generally not review the legitimacy of the
object of a law unless it is so manifestly discriminatory that no reasonable
person would consider the differentia adopted by the law to be a valid means
of differentiation. Such cases will necessarily be rare and the present case
is not one of them. We further note that s 325(1)(a) was re-enacted when the
CPC was amended in 2010 (_vide_ Act No 15 of 2010), which suggests that our
attitudes towards the relative acceptability of inflicting corporal punishment
on men vis-à-vis women have yet to change. It thus cannot be said that the
exemption of women from caning is a colonial relic that no longer represents
prevailing opinion.

112 It also bears noting that as against the continued exemption of women from
caning, there has been a clear legislative effort to inject parity into our
sentencing regime in other ways. Under the 2010 amendments to the CPC, the
courts now have the discretion to impose a sentence of imprisonment in lieu of
caning where a person is exempted from caning under s 325(1) or because of
medical reasons. Thus, if a person cannot be caned because s 325(1)(a) or (b)
applies, the court may impose a term of imprisonment of not more than 12
months in lieu of the caning which it could, but for s 325(1), have ordered in
respect of the relevant offences: s 325(2). This additional term of
imprisonment can be imposed even if it would result in the aggregate sentence
exceeding the maximum term of imprisonment prescribed for any of the accused’s
offences: s 325(3). The purpose of this amendment was explained by the Law
Minister as follows (_Singapore Parliamentary Debates, Official Report_ (18
May 2010) vol 87 at col 422 (Mr K Shanmugam, Minister for Law)):

Another category of cases where imprisonment would be ordered in lieu of
caning would be where caning is not possible from the outset (for example,
male offenders who are 50 years old and those who are medically unfit). For
these categories of offenders, the Court has the discretion to impose an
imprisonment term of up to 12 months in lieu of the strokes which were
forgone. _This will give the Court discretion in exercising parity between co-
accused persons, one of whom may be caned and the other may not._ [emphasis
added]

113 Therefore, the present law allows the courts to ensure that criminals of
equal culpability are given sentences that reflect their culpability, even if
one is exempted from caning while the other is not. Of course, there is no
perfect correspondence between a sentence of caning and a sentence of
imprisonment. But since views will differ on which punishment is worse and it
cannot be said that one punishment is clearly worse than the other, there is
no basis to conclude that males are treated in a way that is impermissibly
unequal as compared to females.

The exclusion of men above 50

114 As to the exclusion of older males, there is no express mention in the
parliamentary reports as to the purpose for this exemption. However, it seems
obvious that this must have been out of concern that older men might be less
able to withstand the rigours of caning. In _Ratnam Alfred Christie v Public
Prosecutor_ [1999] 3 SLR(R) 685, the High Court had to consider whether a
sentence of caning could be executed on an offender who had exceeded 50 years
of age at the time of the proposed execution of the sentence, even though he
had not yet passed that age threshold at the time the sentence was imposed by
the court. Yong CJ held that it could not, reasoning that the purpose of the
exemption was to ensure that caning is only inflicted on males who are healthy
enough to withstand the punishment (at [10]–[11]):

10 Section 232(1), CPC provides that a person shall not be caned unless a
medical officer has certified that he is in a fit state of health to undergo
such punishment. The importance of ensuring that an offender is sufficiently
healthy enough, at the time of caning, to withstand such punishment is
reinforced by s 232(2) which states that:

If during the execution of a sentence of caning a medical officer certifies
that the offender is not in a fit state of health to undergo the remainder of
the sentence the caning shall be finally stopped.

11 Bearing this in mind, _it would not be wrong to infer that the exemption
from caning provided for males above the age of 50 years is intended as a
presumption in law that males of that age will be unfit to withstand such
punishment_. It is not really the age itself that is relevant but rather the
offender's fitness of health and Parliament has deemed it appropriate to
create such a presumption in law in favour of men who have attained the age of
50 years. Since the time of assessment of an offender's state of health is at
the time of the execution of the sentence, this means that the proper time to
determine when the offender has attained the age of 50 years, is the date on
which the caning is to be carried out.

[emphasis added]

115 The Appellant did not dispute that this is a perfectly legitimate
statutory object. However, he submitted that the choice of 50 years of age is
an arbitrary cut-off point. Further, the exemption of older men is unnecessary
because all prisoners must be certified to be medically fit before a sentence
of caning may be administered on them anyway.

116 In our judgment, the use of age as a convenient proxy to screen out those
who are likely to be unfit for caning is plainly reasonable and passes muster
under the second limb of the reasonable classification test. This is because
there is an inverse relationship between one’s age and one’s physical
condition. That this differentia might be over-inclusive (in that some males
over the age of 50 might still be fit for caning) is not fatal, since – as we
have stated earlier – there is no need for a perfect coincidence between the
differentia used and the object sought to be achieved. As for the fact that
medical certification is already required before a prisoner can be subjected
to caning, it is open to Parliament to exempt older men from caning in the
interests of administrative efficiency and/or out of an abundance of caution.
These are policy decisions that Parliament could legitimately make and there
is no basis for us to interfere.

The alleged racist origins of the caning regime

117 Finally, the Appellant submitted that caning violates Art 12(1) because
its original legislative object was racist. The sole basis he supplied for
this assertion is the following statement by a member of the Legislative
Council during the second reading of the 1872 Ordinance (_Straits Settlements
Short-hand Report of the Proceedings of the Legislative Council_ (22 August
1872) at p 86 (Mr Shelford)):

… all Eastern experience goes to prove that whipping is found to be a much
more efficient punishment than imprisonment. … The retention of that
punishment in Sections 144 and 148 of the Code would be of great use in cases
where it often happens in Singapore that a number of people will rush out of a
house and hound upon a few individuals. … These rioters are arrant cowards and
bullies, as their acts show, and I am surprised that the Secretary of State
being aware that these people are for the most part _the riffraff and scum of
China_ , should not have accepted the clauses as they stood. … _This anti-
whipping feeling seems to be a feature of the sort of “man-and-brother” system
that emanates from Exeter Hall, and will not conduce to the repression of
crime in this part of the world._ … [emphasis added]

118 Mr Shelford’s reference to the “man-and-brother system” is an allusion to
the famous anti-slavery slogan “Am I not a man and a brother?” by the Anti-
Slavery Society operating from Exeter Hall at that time, emphasising the
common humanity of persons of European descent and victims of the slave trade
(who were commonly whipped by slaveowners). The Appellant says that this,
coupled with the reference to the “riffraff and scum of China”, shows that
caning in Singapore had antiquated racist origins which are no longer
acceptable in modern society.

119 In our judgment, however, this argument is a red herring. The issue here
is whether caning is applied equally to all races. Clearly, the statutory
provisions on caning do not discriminate on the basis of race, nor is there
any suggestion by the Appellant that the caning regime is being administered
in racist manner. There can therefore be no violation of equal protection
under Art 12. Moreover, even assuming that corporal punishment in Singapore
was motivated by racist sentiments at its inception, the fact is that the
punishment has been adopted by our own Parliament since Singapore’s
independence, which surely cannot be accused of any intention to discriminate
against the Chinese (or any other ethnic group, for that matter).

120 We therefore reject the Appellant’s ground of appeal based on Art 12(1) of
the Constitution.

Conclusion

121 We accept that the use of judicial corporal punishment is on the wane
internationally, and there is a growing body of international opinion that it
amounts to a form of inhuman punishment that is cruel and degrading. But there
is, as yet, no international consensus that the use of caning as part of a
regulated regime of punishment with appropriate medical safeguards constitutes
_torture_. Even if there were such a consensus, this Court, operating within
the domestic legal system, is obliged to apply domestic laws in the event of
any inconsistency with international law norms. Furthermore, it is not within
the institutional competence of this Court to adjudicate on the efficacy of
caning as a mode of punishment and substitute its judgment for that of the
legislature. Any campaign to abolish caning is a matter that must be taken up
in the legislative sphere. The courts can and will only pronounce on the
_legality_ of measures adopted by the legislature to punish crimes.

122 For the foregoing reasons, we dismiss the Appellant’s appeal against
sentence.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 04 Mar 2015 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

