Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Precious Shipping Public Company Ltd and others _v_ O.W. Bunker Far East
(Singapore) Pte Ltd and others and other matters  
[2015] SGHC 187

Case Number| :| Originating Summons Nos 1076, 1144, 1147, 1148, 1162, 1163,
1164, 1165, 1166, 1172, 1173, 1202, and 1205 of 2014  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 21 July 2015  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Steven Chong J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Purchasers: Mohan s/o Ramamirtha Subbaraman, Thio Soon
Heng Jonathan Mark and Yee Weng Wai Bernard (Incisive Law LLC) for the
applicants in OS 1076/2014; Kuek Chong Yeow Richard, Cheng Jiankai Eugene,
Dharinni Kesavan (Gurbani & Co LLC) for the applicants in the rest of the
consolidated applications; Sellers: Davinder Singh SC s/o Amar Singh, Jaikanth
Shankar, Kok Chee Yeong Jared, Lee Xin Yi Cherrylene and Tham Yeying Melissa
(Drew & Napier LLC) for ING Bank N.V. in the consolidated applications, as
well as Goh Thien Phong and Chan Kheng Tek in all the consolidated
applications save for OS 1076/2014; Ong Tun Wei Danny and Ng Hui Ping Sheila
(Rajah & Tann Singapore LLP) for Dynamic Oil Trading (S) Pte Ltd in OS 1144,
1148, 1162, 1202 and 1205 of 2014; Nish Kumar Shetty, Darius Bragassam, Lim
Shack Keong and Zhuo Wenzhao (Cavenagh Law LLP) for O.W. Bunker Far East in OS
1076, 1147, 1163, 1164, 1165, 1166, 1172 and 1173 of 2014; Yee Mun Howe Gerald
and Nazirah d/o Kairo Din (Clasis LLC) for OceanConnect Marine Pte Ltd in OS
1202/2014; Physical Suppliers: Chua Chok Wah, Muhammad Raffli Bin Mohd Noor
and Yeo Wen Yi Brenna (Joseph Tan Jude Benny LLP) for Uni Petroleum Pte Ltd in
OS 1076, 1163 and 1165 of 2014 and Victory Supply Sdn Bhd in OS 1173/2014;
Mohamed Ibrahim s/o Mohamed Yakub (Achievers LLC) for Sirius Marine Pte Ltd in
OS 1144, 1163, 1172 and 1205 of 2014; Loo Dip Seng, Ng Weiting and Tan Siew
Chi (Ang & Partners) for Tankoil Marine Services Pte Ltd in OS 1144/2014,
Global Energy Trading Pte Ltd in OS 1162/2014 and Sentek Marine Pte Ltd in OS
1202/2014; Navin Anand and Teo Ke-Wei Ian (Rajah & Tann Singapore LLP) for
Golden Island Diesel Oil Trading Pte Ltd in OS 1164/2014; Lam Kuet Keng Steven
John (Templars Law LLC) for Panoil Petroleum Pte Ltd in OS 1166/2014; Chew Sui
Gek Magdalene and Leong Marnyi Wendy (AsiaLegal LLC) for Shell Eastern Trading
(Pte) Ltd in OS 1076/2014 and Universal Energy Pte Ltd in OS 1147/2014;
Navinder Singh (KSCGP Juris LLP) for Transocean Oil Pte Ltd in OS 1076 and
1148 of 2014.  
Parties| :|  Precious Shipping Public Company Ltd and others — O.W. Bunker Far
East (Singapore) Pte Ltd and others  
  
21 July 2015| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Steven Chong J:

Introduction

1 On 7 November 2014, O.W. Bunker & Trading A/S (“OW Bunker”), one of the
world’s largest bunker suppliers, announced that it (and some of its related
entities) had commenced proceedings in the Danish courts to seek bankruptcy
protection. In December 2013, OW Bunker and several of its subsidiaries
entered into an omnibus security agreement with a syndicate of banks with ING
Bank N.V. (“ING”) appointed as the security agent.[note: 1] As part of the
agreement, OW Bunker assigned its rights, title, and interest in its third
party and inter-company receivables to ING which, in turn, appointed
PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP as the global receiver of the secured assets.[note:
2] Two of its related entities in Singapore (“the OW entities”) — O.W. Bunker
Far East (Singapore) Pte Ltd (“OW Far East”) and Dynamic Oil Trading
(Singapore) Pte Ltd (“DOT”) — were placed in creditor’s voluntary liquidation
shortly thereafter.[note: 3]

2 The general _modus operandi_ of the OW entities was to enter into contracts
with the end-users (“the purchasers”) for the supply of bunkers to vessels and
separately contract with bunker traders (“the physical suppliers”) — at a
lower price — to have them deliver the requisite bunkers, making a small
margin in the process. The bunkers were stemmed and have been consumed[note:
4] but, in light of the liquidation, the physical suppliers have not received
payment from the OW entities. The purchasers have also not paid the OW
entities for the bunkers because some of the physical suppliers have written
to the purchasers seeking to recover the price of the bunkers directly from
them as they have not received any payment from the OW entities.

3 The purchasers accept that payments for the bunkers are due and owing but
claim that they are unable to decide which party to pay. Under these
circumstances, the purchasers decided that it would be prudent to seek
interpleader relief from the court. This led the purchasers to file multiple
interpleader summonses of which 13 came before me for hearing. As they
generally relate to the same factual matrix and concern identical legal
issues, it seemed eminently sensible to hear them on a consolidated basis
(“the consolidated applications”).

4 The consolidated applications are unusual in many respects, and they raise
several questions about the scope and purpose of interpleader relief. Three
stand out for mention. First, the purchasers have _all_ taken the position, on
the advice of their solicitors, that the purchase price is due to the OW
entities and not the physical suppliers.[note: 5] In a typical interpleader
summons, the applicant is faced with adverse claims and is genuinely in a
legal dilemma as to which of the competing claimants to pay. Here, there seems
to be no such predicament. In fact, some of the purchasers have explicitly
written to the physical suppliers to deny their claims.[note: 6] Second, in
spite of their threats, _none_ of the physical suppliers (as at the date of
the hearing) had actually commenced legal proceedings against the purchasers.
This is perhaps because the physical suppliers appear to appreciate that,
owing to the lack of privity of contract, their alleged claims against the
purchasers are far from clear. They have therefore mounted a number of non-
contractual arguments to justify their entitlement to recover the price of the
bunkers directly from the purchasers. Third, the purchasers had received
“competing claims” for _different amounts_.[note: 7] ING (as the assignees of
the OW entities’ receivables) claimed for the contractual price of the
contracts the OW entities concluded with the purchasers whereas the physical
suppliers claimed for the contractual price of the bunkers under the contracts
they concluded with the OW entities, which was _always_ for a lesser amount
(see [8(b)] below).

5 Is interpleader necessary or even appropriate when the applicant appears to
know exactly to whom he is liable? Is the mere assertion of “adverse claims”,
however remote or fanciful, sufficient? Can claims be adverse when they relate
to different sums referable to different contracts? What are the court’s
powers upon a dismissal of an application for interpleader relief? These are
some of the questions which will be addressed in the course of this judgment.

Facts

6 The consolidated applications concern different contracts with different
terms and governing laws. However, I need not discuss the detailed facts of
each application since only the barest level of detail is required for present
purposes. I will first set out the facts of a notional “paradigm case” (which
applies to the majority of the applications) before going on to discuss the
implications, if any, of two notable “variants”.

The paradigm case

7 In their essentials, the consolidated applications involve a tripartite
relationship between (a) a purchaser; (b) a seller; and (c) a physical
supplier. In the paradigm case, the purchaser contracted with an OW entity for
the purchase of bunkers for delivery to a vessel (the “Purchaser–Seller
contract”). The OW entity would, in turn, conclude a separate contract with a
physical supplier which would stem the bunkers (“the Seller–Physical Supplier
contract”). After the collapse of OW Bunker, many of the purchasers received
two competing claims: (a) the first was from ING for the sum owing _under the
Purchaser–Seller contract;_ (b) the second was from the physical supplier for
the sum owing _under the Seller-Physical Supplier contract_. The salient
features of the paradigm case can be summarised in the following diagram:

![](data:image/png;base64,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)

8 I will highlight three features of the paradigm case.

(a) First, the relationships between the parties are governed by two separate
contracts concluded at different prices: (i) the Purchaser–Seller contract (at
price $_x_); (ii) the Seller–Physical Supplier contract (at price ($_x-y_).
Each contract was concluded on separate terms and at different times. The
Purchaser–Seller contract was concluded on the General Terms and Conditions
(“GTCs”) of the relevant OW entity whereas the Seller–Physical Supplier
contract was governed by the physical supplier’s GTCs. In _every_ case, the OW
entity would purchase the bunkers from the physical supplier under the
Seller–Physical Supplier contract at a price which was between 2 and 20 USD
per metric ton lower (I have expressed this margin as “y”) than the price
which it charged under the Purchaser–Seller contract.

(b) Second, there are only ever two competing claims in respect of each bunker
delivery. In some of the applications (see, _eg_ , Originating Summons No 1076
of 2014), several deliveries of bunkers were made. However, in respect of each
delivery, there is never more than one set of competing claims: one from ING
and the second from the relevant physical supplier which stemmed the bunkers.
The smaller claim would be that from the physical supplier whereas the larger
claim was ING’s.

(c) Third, _none_ of the purchasers (save for the exception of the purchaser
in Originating Summons 1076 of 2014) were the owners of the vessels in which
the bunkers were stemmed.

Variant 1

9 In Originating Summonses 1144, 1166, and 1205 of 2014 (I will refer to each
as “OS 1144/2014”, “OS 1166/2014”, etc.), just as in the paradigm case, the OW
entity was the immediate contractual seller and the three salient features of
the paradigm case identified at [8] above are also present. The only
difference is that an additional party — a bunker trader — was involved. In
each of these summonses, the OW entity purchased the bunkers from a bunker
trader which, in turn, separately ordered the bunkers from a physical supplier
which would then stem the bunkers on the vessel. The only exception is OS
1166/2014, where three different types of bunkers were ordered of which one
was physically stemmed by OW Far East itself.

10 In my view, the interposition of an additional party does not affect the
legal analysis. It is interesting to note that none of the bunker traders in
each of these OSes have elected to file submissions. One of them — TNS Bunkers
(S) Pte Ltd, the bunker trader involved in both OS 1144 and 1205 of 2014 —
filed an affidavit stating that it supported the claim of Sirius Marine Pte
Ltd, which was the physical supplier with whom it contracted.

Variant 2

11 In Originating Summons No 1202 of 2014 (“OS 1202/2014”), the purchaser
contracted with OceanConnect Marine Pte Ltd (“OCM”). OCM then purchased the
requisite bunkers from DOT which, in turn, contracted with Sentek Marine &
Trading Pte Ltd, the physical supplier, which delivered the bunkers.
Therefore, it is OCM, instead of an OW entity, which occupies the position of
immediate contractual seller of the bunkers. The competing claims in this case
are between OCM — as the immediate contractual seller — and Sentek Marine, the
physical supplier. Neither ING nor any of the OW entities have asserted any
claims against the purchaser in OS 1202/2014 and have argued that they ought
not to have been added as respondents.

The parties and their arguments

12 For ease of reference, I will refer to the parties by their substantive
capacities: _viz_ , “purchaser”, “seller”, and “physical supplier” instead of
their designations in the action (_ie_ , “applicant”, “respondent” etc.). This
is because some of the parties are named in several applications but have
different designations in each (_eg_ , ING is the fifth respondent in OS
1076/2014 but the second respondent in OS 1205/2014). Furthermore, I will
attribute arguments to the particular counsel who advanced those submissions
instead of attributing them to a particular party. This is because some of the
parties have instructed the same counsel so there is substantial overlap in
the legal arguments advanced by the parties in the consolidated applications.

Arguments in favour of interpleader relief: purchasers and physical suppliers

13 The purchasers and the physical suppliers’ positions are aligned insofar as
both of them argue that interpleader relief ought to be granted. The
purchasers comprise a number of different companies, many of which belong to
the “Stena” group. Only the purchasers in OS 1076/2014 own the vessels in
which the bunkers were stemmed (see [8(c)] above). Mr Kuek, counsel for the
rest of the purchasers in the consolidated applications, confirmed that none
of his clients own the vessels in which the bunkers were stemmed.[note: 8]
Similarly, the physical suppliers comprise a number of different companies, of
which the most prominent are Uni Petroleum Pte Ltd (“Uni Petroleum”) and
Sirius Marine Pte Ltd (“Sirius Marine”), who are named as respondents in six
out of the 13 applications. Collectively, the purchasers and physical
suppliers have filed five sets of written submissions in support of the
consolidated applications (though I should mention that a number of physical
suppliers who were added as respondents to the consolidated applications did
not make any submissions, whether written or oral). These are:

(a) Mr Mohan s/o Ramamirtha Subbaraman on behalf of the purchaser in OS
1076/2014.[note: 9]

(b) Mr Richard Kuek on behalf of the purchasers in the remaining
summonses.[note: 10]

(c) Mr Chua Chok Wah on behalf of Uni Petroleum, (the physical supplier in OS
1076, 1163, and 1165 of 2014) and Victory Supply Sdn Bhd (the physical
supplier in OS 1173/2014).[note: 11]

(d) Mr Mohamed Ibrahim on behalf of Sirius Marine (the physical supplier in OS
1144, 1163, 1172, and 1205 of 2014).[note: 12]

(e) Mr Loo Dip Seng on behalf of Global Energy Trading Pte Ltd, (the physical
supplier in OS 1162/2014) and Sentek Marine Pte Ltd (the physical supplier in
OS 1202/2014).[note: 13]

14 The principal difficulty they face is the absence of privity of contract
between the purchasers and the physical suppliers (see [4] above). It is not
disputed that the physical suppliers have a contractual claim against the
_sellers_ , but that is strictly irrelevant for the purposes of the
consolidated applications. In order for interpleader relief to lie, it must be
the _applicant_ (_ie_ , the purchaser) who faces competing claims. Fittingly,
therefore, the submissions focused extensively on the alleged causes of action
which the physical suppliers may have against the purchasers. I will delve
into the details of their arguments more fully later but a brief synopsis will
suffice for now.

(a) All the physical suppliers rely on the existence of a retention of title
clause (“ROT clause”) in the Seller-Physical Supplier contract which specifies
that title in the bunkers does not pass until the purchase price is paid.
Given that the sellers have not paid them for the bunkers, they assert that
they still hold title to the bunkers and one of the following two outcomes
must follow:[note: 14]

(i) First, they contend that pending payment for the bunkers (and the transfer
of title which follows), the OW entities stand as “fiduciary agents” or
“bailees” of the bunkers and consequently they now hold the _sale proceeds_ on
trust for the physical suppliers (“the fiduciary agent/bailee
argument”).[note: 15]

(ii) Second, they assert that the purchasers are liable to the physical
suppliers in the tort of conversion since they have consumed the bunkers (the
“tort of conversion” argument).[note: 16]

(b) Mr Ibrahim advances two additional arguments on behalf of his client. One
is that there exists a collateral contract between the purchasers and the
physical suppliers which allows the physical suppliers to assert a direct
contractual claim against the purchasers for the price of the bunkers (the
“collateral contract” argument).[note: 17] The next is that the physical
suppliers have a direct restitutionary claim against the purchasers on account
of the fact that the latter have been unjustly enriched at the former’s
expense (“the “unjust enrichment argument”).[note: 18]

(c) Finally, Mr Mohan argues that while no maritime lien may arise in respect
of unpaid bunkers in Singapore, it is _possible_ that the physical suppliers
could bring suit in a jurisdiction which recognises such a lien, in which
event the purchasers’ vessels would be liable to arrest. He contends that this
suffices as a “competing claim” in respect of which interpleader relief ought
to lie. [note: 19]

Arguments opposing interpleader relief: sellers

15 Opposing the application are the parties whom I shall refer to collectively
as the “sellers”. They comprise the OW entities, OCM, ING, Mr Chan Kheng Tek,
and Mr Goh Thien Phong. Mr Chan and Mr Goh are both partners in
PricewaterhouseCoopers Singapore, the receivers of the secured assets of the
OW entities. The OW entities (through their liquidator, KPMG Services Pte
Ltd)[note: 20] and OCM[note: 21] have both confirmed that their positions are
aligned with that of ING. Nevertheless, each of the sellers has elected to
file separate submissions in opposition to the consolidated applications. In
total, the sellers have filed four sets of submissions:

(a) Mr Davinder Singh on behalf of ING, Mr Chan, and Mr Goh.[note: 22]

(b) Mr Lim Shack Keong on behalf of OW Far East.[note: 23]

(c) Mr Danny Ong on behalf of DOT.[note: 24]

(d) Mr Gerald Yee on behalf of OCM.[note: 25]

16 The sellers argue that the conditions precedent for the grant of
interpleader relief have not been met because the competing claims asserted by
the physical suppliers are factually and legally unsustainable[note: 26] and
are, in any event, not “adverse” to the sellers’ claims since they do not
relate to the same subject matter.[note: 27]

The law on interpleader

The court’s power to grant interpleader relief is conferred by statute

17 The power of the High Court to grant interpleader relief is expressly
conferred by s 18(2) of the Supreme Court of Judicature Act (Cap 322, 2007 Rev
Ed) (“SCJA”) read with para 4 of the First Schedule. Paragraph 4 of the First
Schedule to the SCJA provides that this court has the power to grant
interpleader relief in two circumstances:

4\. Power to grant relief by way of interpleader —

(a) where the person seeking relief is under liability for any debt, money, or
goods or chattels, for or in respect of which he has been or expects to be,
sued by 2 or more parties making adverse claims thereon; and

(b) where a Sheriff, bailiff or other officer of court is charged with the
execution of process of court, and claim is made to any money or goods or
chattels taken or intended to be taken in execution under any process, or to
the proceeds or value of any such goods or chattels by any person other than
the person against whom the process is issued,

and to order the sale of any property subject to interpleader proceedings.

The language of para 4 is reproduced in O 17 r 1 of the Rules of Court (Cap
322, R 5, 2014 Rev Ed) (“ROC”).

18 It is important to appreciate the point which is being made here. The power
of this court to grant interpleader relief is statutorily conferred and it is
_only available_ where the conditions precedent set out in para 4 of the SCJA
are met. This court does not have the power to grant interpleader relief (or
exercise any powers within the interpleader process) outside the parameters
set out in statute. During the oral hearing, Mr Mohan submitted that the court
should adopt a “light-touch, minimal evaluation” approach towards the
requirements in O 17 in order that it can “‘take the bull by its horns’ to
bring the dispute to an end once and for all”.[note: 28] I do not think such a
submission can be accepted. The powers of the court in this area have been
delimited by Parliament and these limits demand scrupulous adherence. Adopting
a liberal approach towards the grant of interpleader relief might open the
floodgates, encouraging claimants who do not legitimately believe that they
have a sustainable cause of action to participate in the interpleader summons
in order to gauge the court’s assessment of their claims. That would not only
be improper, it borders on an abuse of process.

The structure of O 17

19 The relevant provisions of O 17 read:

**Entitlement to relief by way of interpleader (O. 17, r. 1)**

1\. Where —

(a) the person seeking relief is under liability for any debt, money or goods
or chattels, for or in respect of which he has been or expects to be, sued by
2 or more parties making adverse claims thereon; or

(b) the Sheriff or other officer of the Court is charged with the execution of
process of the Court, and claim is made to any money or goods or chattels
taken or intended to be taken in execution under any process, or to the
proceeds or value of any such goods or chattels by any person other than the
person against whom the process is issued, and to order the sale of any
property subject to interpleader proceedings,

the person under liability or (subject to Rule 2) the Sheriff, may apply to
the Court for relief by way of interpleader.

**Mode of application (O. 17, r. 3)**

3.—(1) An application for relief under this Order must be made by originating
summons unless made in a pending action, in which case it must be made by
summons in the action in one of the forms in Form 27.

…

(3) Subject to paragraph (4), an originating summons or a summons under this
Rule filed by the Sheriff or a person under liability must be supported by a
statement in Form 25 or an affidavit in Form 26, as the case may be, stating
that the applicant —

(a) claims no interest in the subject-matter in dispute other than for charges
or costs;

(b) does not collude with any of the claimants to that subject-matter; and

(c) is willing to pay or transfer that subject-matter into Court or to dispose
of it as the Court may direct.

…

**Powers of Court hearing originating summons or summons (O. 17, r. 5)**

5.—(1) Where on the hearing of an originating summons or a summons under this
Order all the persons by whom adverse claims to the subject-matter in dispute
(referred to in this Order as the claimants) appear, the Court may order —

(a) that any claimant be made a defendant in any action pending with respect
to the subject-matter in dispute in substitution for or in addition to the
applicant for relief under this Order; or

(b) that an issue between the claimants be stated and tried and may direct
which of the claimants is to be plaintiff and which defendant.

(2) Where —

(a) the applicant in an originating summons or a summons under this Order is
the Sheriff;

(b) all the claimants consent or any of them so requests; or

(c) the question at issue between the claimants is a question of law and the
facts are not in dispute,

the Court may summarily determine the question at issue between the claimants
and make an order accordingly on such terms as may be just.

(3) Where a claimant, having been duly served with an originating summons or a
summons for relief under this Order, does not appear on the hearing or, having
appeared, fails or refuses to comply with an order made in the proceedings,
the Court may make an order declaring the claimant, and all persons claiming
under him, forever barred from prosecuting his claim against the applicant for
such relief and all persons claiming under him, but such an order shall not
affect the rights of the claimants as between themselves.

20 The scheme of O 17 of the ROC contemplates that any application for
interpleader relief will proceed in two stages:

(a) At “stage 1”, the court will ascertain if the conditions precedent for the
grant of interpleader relief have been satisfied (O 17 rr 1 and 3). The only
issue before the court is whether interpleader relief can be granted (_ie_ ,
whether the statutory preconditions have been satisfied). It is only if this
court finds that the conditions precedent for interpleader relief have been
met that we move to “stage 2”.

(b) At “stage 2”, the court will decide what consequential orders ought to
follow. The court has the discretion whether or not to grant interpleader
relief (see O 17 r 5). If the court elects to grant interpleader relief, it
may (i) order that a claimant to the interpleader proceedings be made a
defendant in a subsisting action (O 17 r 5(1)(_a_)); (ii) direct that the
contest between the claimants be stated and tried (O 17 r 5(1)(_b_)); or (iii)
determine the question at issue between the competing claimants summarily (O
17 r 5(2)).

21 As is clear from the foregoing, the two substantive issues which arise for
determination are: (a) have the conditions precedent for interpleader relief
been satisfied; and (b) what consequential orders should the court make?

Is leave of court required?

22 As a preliminary point, I will first deal with Mr Kuek’s submission (with
which Mr Mohan,[note: 29] Mr Chua[note: 30] and Mr Lim[note: 31] all agree)
that leave of court is required since the OW entities are presently in
liquidation. Mr Kuek pointed to s 299(2) of the Companies Act (Cap 50, 2006
Rev Ed) (“CA”), which provides:[note: 32]

After the commencement of the winding up no action or proceeding shall be
proceeded with or commenced against the company except by leave of the Court
and subject to such terms as the Court imposes.

23 In the course of the oral hearing, I had offered the tentative observation
that s 299(2) might not apply here since it did not appear that any action was
being “proceeded with or commenced against” the OW Entities. However, upon
further reflection, I agree with Mr Kuek that leave of court is necessary. To
the best of my knowledge, no local case has considered this issue. However,
the decision of the English High Court in _Eastern Holdings Establishment of
Vaduz v Singer & Friedlander Ltd and Others_ [1967] 1 WLR 1017 (“ _Eastern
Holdings_ ”) is squarely on point. In _Eastern Holdings_ , the defendant
advanced several loans to A (a company) upon the provision of some shares as
security for the loans. After A entered liquidation, another company, E,
repaid the loans and asked that the shares be transferred to it on the basis
that it was entitled to them by subrogation. A (through its liquidators) also
made a claim for the shares. The defendant sought interpleader relief but its
application was dismissed by Buckley J on the basis that leave was required
under s 231 of the Companies Act 1948 (c 38) (UK) (“UK CA”) (which is similar
to s 299(2) of our CA) but had not been obtained. Buckley J reasoned as
follows (at 1020G):

In the present case, _the court might order that the issue between the
plaintiff and the first claimant should be disposed of in this action, as
between plaintiff and defendant, and that the first claimant be made a
defendant accordingly_ ; and if it be the fact that there are issues to be
tried between the first and second claimants the court would also direct such
issues to be stated and tried between the two claimants. _As soon as this
court had made such an order, it is manifest, I think, that proceedings would
be on foot to which section 231 of the Companies Act, 1948, would apply, for
those would be proceedings against the company in liquidation. In that way it
would be impossible for anybody to proceed with those proceedings without
leave of the court_ , in the face of section 231, and if the companies court
should conclude that, for some reason or other, the proceedings, as
constituted by the directions given in this court, were unsatisfactory in the
companies court, it would, it seems to me, be within its rights under section
231 to refuse leave to go on with those proceedings. … [emphasis added]

24 I respectfully agree. Even though interpleader proceedings “are not, in the
strictest sense, proceedings against anybody” (see _Tong Lee Co Pte Ltd v Koh
Chiow Meng and Another_ [1993] SGHC 69), as soon as this court is seized of
its interpleader jurisdiction, it has the power to order the insolvent company
to put forward its claims in a substantive interpleader hearing and to
summarily determine the dispute (either to the benefit or detriment of the
insolvent company). Either way, the insolvent company would be exposed to
further liability in terms of costs and litigation expenses. Given that the
purpose of the statutory moratorium is to prevent the value of the insolvent
company’s estate from being dissipated in litigation (see _Walter Woon on
Company Law_ (Tan Cheng Han gen ed) (Sweet & Maxwell, Rev 3rd Ed, 2009) at
para 17.131), I am satisfied that the initiation of interpleader proceedings
falls squarely within the scope of s 299(2) of the CA.

25 Furthermore, it is no answer to say that the insolvent company can avoid
incurring litigation expenses by not entering an appearance. Order 17 r 5(3)
provides that a claimant who — having been served with a summons for
interpleader relief — either elects not to enter an appearance or, having
entered appearance, refuses future participation in the hearing may be forever
barred from prosecuting its claim against the applicant. In other words, an
insolvent company who is named as a respondent in interpleader proceedings is
_compelled_ (perhaps against its will) to participate in the interpleader on
pain of losing its claim to the subject matter of the interpleader. For
example, if a bank seeks interpleader relief in respect of competing claims to
money in the insolvent company’s account, the company can choose not to enter
an appearance (in which case it runs the risk of losing its claim to the money
in the account to the detriment of its creditors) or it can choose to enter an
appearance, in which case it would be exposed to the attendant costs of
litigation. Either way, it seems to me that this is precisely the sort of
situation which falls within the ambit of s 299(2) of the CA.

26 Having considered the circumstances in their totality, I am of the view
that the “balance of convenience and the demands of justice” (see _Chatib bin
Kari v Mosbert Bhd (in liquidation)_ [1984] 2 MLJ 67) favour the grant of
leave. The present case is unique in that the insolvent companies are not
defendants _per se_ but, rather, they are competing claimants that stand to
gain if they prevail in the interpleader. Therefore, win or lose, the
company’s participation in the interpleader proceedings will not interfere
with the _pari passu_ distribution of the company’s assets in the insolvency
process save for the possible diminution of the insolvent estate in the form
of expenses and costs which may be incurred in the prosecution of the
interpleader. However, such costs should not be too significant, given that
interpleader proceedings are structured to favour expedition. This is perhaps
why Buckley J remarked that he had “little doubt that in most cases where
interpleader summons proceedings are contemplated, no difficulty whatever
would be encountered in obtaining the necessary leave and with very little
expense”. (see _Eastern Holdings_ at 1021H). That is perhaps also why the
liquidators have indicated that they have no objections for leave to be
granted for the present interpleader proceedings.[note: 33]

Have the conditions precedent been satisfied?

27 As observed at [19]–[20] above, the power of the High Court to grant
interpleader relief is expressly governed by O 17 of the ROC. In _Tay Yok Swee
v United Overseas Bank Ltd and others_ [1994] 2 SLR(R) 36 (“ _Tay Yok Swee_ ”)
at [10], the Court of Appeal held that O 17 r 1(1) of the Rules of the Supreme
Court (Cap 322, R 5, 1990 Ed) (which is _in pari materia_ with O 17 r 1(_a_)
of the 2014 ROC) set out three pre-conditions for the grant of interpleader
relief:

(a) The applicant seeking interpleader relief must be “under a liability for
any debt, money, goods or chattels”.

(b) There must be “an expectation that he [_ie_ , the applicant] would be sued
by at least two persons”.

(c) There must be “adverse claims for the debt, moneys, goods or chattels”
from the persons whom the applicant expects will bring suit.

28 The burden of proving that the preconditions have been met fall on the
applicant who is seeking relief (_ie_ , the purchasers): see _Chin Leong Soon
and Ors_ v _Len Chee Omnibus Co Ltd & Anor_ [1970] 2 MLJ 228 (“ _Chin Leong
Soon_ ”) at 233G. It is not in dispute that condition (a) has been satisfied
since the purchasers are clearly under a contractual obligation to make
payment for the bunkers under the Purchaser–Seller Contracts. However, the
parties disagree on whether conditions (b) and (c) have been satisfied.

An expectation of being sued by at least two persons

29 Mr Singh submitted that in order to satisfy condition (b), the purchasers
have to show that the physical suppliers have “a _prima facie_ case against
the [purchasers] in respect of their claims.”[note: 34] In support of his
submission, he drew my attention to a number of authorities decided across the
Commonwealth. Both Mr Mohan[note: 35] and Mr Chua[note: 36] agreed with this
submission. However, Mr Kuek disagreed and instead submitted that it would
suffice for the purchasers to establish that the competing claims are “not
bound to fail”.

The competing claims must have a prima facie basis

30 In _Watson v Park Royal Caterers Ltd_ [1961] 1 WLR 727 (“ _Watson_ ”)
(applied in _Chin Leong Soon_ at 231C), Edmund Davies J (as he then was) held
at 734 that “the discretionary relief of interpleader will not be granted
unless _there appears to be some real foundation for the expectation of a
rival claim_ ” [emphasis added]. However this begs the question: when can it
be said that such a “real foundation” exists?

31 In _Chan King Sheen v KC Tsang & Co, Solicitors (a firm) & Ors_ [2002] 3
HKC 209 (“ _Chan King Sheen_ ”), the Hong Kong Court of Appeal opined, at
[26], that “there can be no real foundation for any expectation to be sued
unless a _prima facie_ case exists”. The gloss added in _Chan King Sheen_ has
since been applied in a number of other cases in Hong Kong (see, _eg_ , _DLA
Piper Hong Kong (a firm) v China Property Development (Holdings) Limited &
Anor_ [2010] HKCU 154 (“ _DLA Piper_ ”) and _Nanyang Commercial Bank Limited v
The Personal Representative of Vannee Nativivat, Deceased and Another_ [2013]
HKCFI 485).

32 In _RHB Bank v Comax Sdn Bhd & Anor_ [1999] 3 CLJ 552, the High Court of
Johor Bahru, after citing _Watson_ , put it in a slightly different way (at
557C–D):

The conflict between the claimants _must be real in the sense that each claim,
if proven, would give a_** _good cause of action_** against the applicant, so
that where the applicant is not under any obligation to one of the claimants,
or _where he can, without incurring any liability, pay the subject matter of
the claim to one of the claimants, he is not entitled to relief_ (of
interpleader).

Then again, _a mere pretext of conflicting claim is not enough and the_**
_court must be satisfied that there is a question to be tried_** (_Sun
Insurance Office v. Galinsky_) [1914] 2 KB 545, where in the circumstances it
was doubtful whether there was any genuine adverse claim.

[emphasis added in italics and bold italics]

33 In my view, the various expressions used— “prima facie case”, “good cause
of action”, “real foundation” and “question to be tried” — all engage the same
inquiry: _viz_ , does the applicant really face a _genuine_ threat of multiple
proceedings? I pause here to make a clarification. The question is _not_
whether the applicant has a genuine _subjective_ apprehension (however acutely
felt) that competing claims will be brought against him; rather, the question
is whether the competing claims have an _objective_ basis in law and fact.
This is an important point. Interpleader relief exists for the hapless and
innocent; not the flighty and skittish. Nervous or overly cautious
stakeholders cannot hide themselves behind the skirts of the courts at the
slightest sign of controversy. The office of interpleader is neither a licence
for applicants to abdicate their duty to conduct an independent legal
assessment of the tenability of the potential claims they face nor can it be
used as an “insurance policy” against potential litigation.

34 When presented in this way, the test is really not very far away from Mr
Kuek’s submission that the purchasers need only show that the competing claims
are “not bound to fail”. I consider the _prima facie_ case test to be most apt
and easy to apply especially since there is already a significant body of case
law which has expounded on this test, albeit in different contexts. In _Relfo
Ltd (in liquidation) v Bhimji Velji Jadva Varsani_ [2008] 4 SLR(R) 657 (“
_Relfo_ ”) at [20], Judith Prakash J held that a “ _prima facie_ case is
determined by assuming that the evidence led by the plaintiff is true, unless
it is inherently incredible or out of all common sense or reason”.

Have the purchasers shown that they faced any prima facie claims from the
physical suppliers?

(1) The fiduciary agent/bailee argument

35 The premise of the “fiduciary agent/bailee argument” is the assertion that
the physical suppliers have title to the bunkers. Despite minor differences in
the language of their respective contractual clauses, the argument takes the
following basic form. First, the physical suppliers point out that a retention
of title clause in the Seller-Physical Supplier contract provides that title
does not pass until payment has been made (see, _eg_ , cll 12.2 and 12.3 of
Global Energy Trading’s General Terms and Conditions of Sale (“GTCs”)).[note:
37] Second, they argue that their GTCs have been incorporated into the
Purchaser–Seller contract by virtue of cl L.4(_a_) of the OW Entity’s GTCs,
which provides that the purchasers are deemed to have read and accepted any
terms and conditions imposed by the third party who physically supplies the
bunkers (if any).[note: 38] Finally, they conclude that because payment has
not been made, they retain title to the bunkers.[note: 39]

36 It is clear that this argument, alone, is a non-starter. Even assuming that
the physical suppliers have title to the bunkers, they would not, without
more, be entitled to the _proceeds of the sale_ of the bunkers, which is what
they now seek. As stated by the learned authors of _Benjamin’s Sale of Goods_
(M Bridge, gen ed) (Sweet & Maxwell, 9th Ed, 2014) (“ _Benjamin’s Sale of
Goods_ ”) at para 5-151, “a mere retention of title provision will not, of
itself, impose upon the buyer an obligation to account to the seller for the
proceeds of sale of the goods in which property is retained.” Perhaps
recognising this, some of the physical suppliers have pointed to the fact that
their GTCs specify that, pending payment, the buyers hold the bunkers as
“fiduciary agent and bailee” (see, _eg_ , cl 12.3 of Sirius Marine’s GTCs). On
the strength of this, they argue that the OW entities hold the proceeds of
sale of the bunkers on trust for them.

37 However, this argument is plainly unsustainable. It is clear that the
physical suppliers do not, at present, have a proprietary interest in any
“proceeds of sale”. The purchasers have not paid the sellers for the bunkers
so the sellers have no title to any “proceeds of sale” which can be impressed
with a trust. It is only when the sellers are paid that the trust can be
constituted and the physical suppliers then acquire a proprietary interest in
the moneys which have been received (see _FG Wilson (Engineering) Ltd v John
Holt & Co (Liverpool) Ltd_ [2014] 1 WLR 2365 (“ _FG Wilson_ ”) at 2383D­–F,
per Patten LJ).

38 In any event, I find that there is simply no evidence to support their
claim that a fiduciary relationship exists. Just as the use of the word
“trust” is not determinative of the existence of an intention to create a
trust (see _Tito v Waddell (No 2)_ [1977] Ch 106) so, too, the use of the
expression “fiduciary agent” or “bailee” is not conclusive of the existence of
a fiduciary relationship (see _Clough Mill v Martin_ [1985] 1 WLR 111 at 116
per Robert Goff LJ). Ultimately, “[o]ne therefore has to examine the
relationship in each individual case, to see whether it is of a fiduciary
nature” (see _Hendy Lennox (Industrial Engines) Ltd v Grahame Puttick Ltd_
[1984] 1 WLR 485 at 498H per Staughton J). In my view, there appears to be at
least two strong reasons which militate against such a conclusion:

(a) First, the Physical Supplier-Seller contracts provided for a credit period
of 30 days (see, _eg_ , the Sales Confirmation from Universal Energy to OW Far
East in OS 1147/2014).[note: 40] This is strong evidence that the relationship
between the sellers and physical suppliers was a normal commercial
relationship of buyer and seller, and not a fiduciary relationship in which
there exists obligations of trust and confidence (see _Compaq Computer Ltd v
Abercorn Group Ltd (t/a Osiris) and Others_ [1993] BCLC 602 (“ _Compaq_ ”) at
612h per Mummery J).

(b) Second, there was never any requirement that the sale proceeds be kept
separate. If a buyer is not bound to keep the proceeds of sale separate but is
entitled to mix it with his own money and deal with it as he pleases, then
properly speaking, he is not a fiduciary of that sum but merely a debtor (see
_Henry v Hammond_ [1913] 2 KB 515 at 521). Given that the sellers were never
required to keep the proceeds of sale separate, it appears that it was always
intended that they could sell the bunkers on their own account and not as a
fiduciary. This is unlike the situation in _Aluminium Industrie Vaassen BV v
Romalpa Aluminium Ltd_ [1976] 1 WLR 676, (“ _Romalpa_ ”) where the receiver
kept the proceeds from the sub-sales separate and never mixed them with his
own money (see _Romalpa_ at 687D, per Roskill LJ).

39 Some of the sellers have also submitted that, at best, the operative
clauses grant the physical suppliers a _charge_ over the proceeds of sale
which would be void against the insolvent companies (_ie_ , the OW entities)
for want of registration (see s 131 of the Companies Act (Cap 50, 2006 Rev
Ed).[note: 41] I have reservations whether it can be said that, on an
objective construction of the contract, the parties intended to create a
charge. In the ordinary course of operations, the OW entities would have
concluded many bunker contracts on a daily basis with counterparties in a
large number of jurisdictions. It seems to me that it is unlikely that the
parties would have intended the physical suppliers to go through the
cumbersome process of registering a charge in Singapore _each time_ they
concluded a contract for the sale of bunkers. Such a construction of the
contract would not comport with commercial reality.

40 The bailment point can be disposed of summarily. The essence of bailment is
possession: it arises where there has been a transfer of possession of a
chattel to the recipient (see Norman Palmer, _Palmer on Bailment_ (Sweet &
Maxwell, 3rd Ed, 2009) (“ _Palmer on Bailment_ ”) at para 1-001–2). That being
the case, the only purchasers who can be said to be bailees would be the
shipowner/applicant in OS 1076/2014 (see [8(c)] above). As the other
purchasers do not own the vessels in question, they cannot be said to have
been in possession. In any event, an action for breach of a bailee’s duties
will usually lie in _damages_ (see _Palmer on Bailment_ at para 37-002). It
will not entitle the physical supplier to lay claim to the proceeds of sale of
the bunkers _unless_ the bailment was overlaid with a fiduciary relationship
to account for the sale proceeds (see _Re Andrabell Ltd (in liq)_ [1984] BCLC
522 (“ _Re Andrabell_ ”) at 529i–530f per Peter Gibson J), which I have found
to be otherwise.

(2) The tort of conversion argument

41 The “tort of conversion” argument is similarly premised on the physical
suppliers having title to the bunkers. The argument is that the purchasers, in
consuming the bunkers, have interfered with the physical suppliers’ possessory
rights and are therefore liable in the tort of conversion. I do not agree.

42 A claim in conversion lies where there has been an unauthorised dealing
with a chattel in a manner which deprives the claimant of the use and the
possession of the same (see _Clerk & Lindsell on Torts_ (Michael Jones, gen
ed) (Sweet & Maxwell, 21st Ed, 2014) (“ _Clerk & Lindsell_”) at para 17-07).
It necessarily follows, therefore, that acts which are performed within the
scope of the actual owner’s permission cannot attract liability in the tort of
conversion (see _Clerk & Lindsell_ at 17-08). In the present case, the
physical suppliers _delivered_ the bunkers to the vessels and must plainly
have intended (or at least must be taken to have intended) for the bunkers to
be consumed. This is consistent with cl H.2 of the OW entities’ GTCs which
permitted the bunkers to be used in the propulsion of the vessel even before
payment.[note: 42] This being the case, it is clear that no claim in
conversion may lie.

43 In any event, any claim in conversion, even if it does exist, will lie only
in _damages_. It does not follow that the physical suppliers have a legitimate
claim to the _contractual price_ of the bunkers under the Purchaser–Seller
contract.

(3) The collateral contract argument

44 Mr Ibrahim submits that, at the time the Purchaser–Seller Contract was
concluded, there was also a _separate collateral_ contract that the purchasers
would make _direct_ payment of the price of the bunkers in the event of the
seller’s insolvency.[note: 43] However, Mr Ibrahim has not made any attempt to
particularise the alleged collateral contract: it is not clear _when_ the
offer was made, the _terms_ upon which the offer was made, _when the offer was
accepted_ and on _what terms_. As the Court of Appeal in _Ang Sin Hock v Khoo
Eng Lim_ [2010] 3 SLR 179 cautioned at [80], “fresh contracts – and even
collateral contracts, for that matter – cannot, as it were, be ‘conjured’ out
of ‘thin air’. Indeed, where the relevant legal criteria are  _not_ satisfied,
the court concerned will certainly  _reject_ the argument in favour of a
collateral (and/or fresh) contract in no uncertain terms…” [emphasis in
original]. There is simply no evidence to support Mr Ibrahim’s assertion that
a collateral contract exists.

45 Mr Ibrahim had also submitted, for good measure, that “fairness and
justice” demanded such an outcome to allow the physical supplier to recover
the sum owed to them. In my view, this appeal to “fairness and justice” rings
hollow. The fact that the OW entities are now insolvent does not extinguish
the physical suppliers’ contractual claims since their debts may still be
provable in insolvency. What Mr Ibrahim is effectively seeking is for the
physical suppliers to be allowed to side-step the insolvency process entirely
and instead seek recovery of its claim directly from a _third party_ , to the
detriment of the OW entities’ other creditors. This, it seems to me, is both
unfair and unjust.

(4) The unjust enrichment argument

46 In order for a claim in unjust enrichment to succeed, a plaintiff has to
show: (a) the defendant has received a benefit (_ie_ , he has been enriched);
(b) the enrichment is at the plaintiff’s expense; (c) it is unjust to allow
the defendant to retain the enrichment; and (d) there are no defences
available to the defendant (see _Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (Publ),
Singapore Branch v Asia Pacific Breweries (Singapore) Pte Ltd and another and
another appeal_ [2011] 3 SLR 540 at [110]). Citing this passage, Mr Ibrahim
submitted:[note: 44]

On the facts of the present case, the [purchaser] has a legal compulsion
(being the unjust factor) to _return_ the [contractual price of the bunkers]
to the [physical supplier] and it would be manifestly unjust if the
[purchaser] does not do so. … Justice demand therefore demands (_sic_) that
this Honourable Court should allows (_sic_) the [physical supplier’s] claim by
reversing the windfall obtained by the [purchaser], which in turn ensures
certainty in the Bunker trade. [emphasis added]

47 This argument is plainly question-begging. What Mr Ibrahim seems to be
saying is that the purchaser is legally liable to make restitution of the
contractual price of the bunkers because it would be unjust of the purchaser
not to when he is legally obliged to do so. This argument makes little sense.
If the purchaser were legally obliged to pay the physical supplier, then there
would be no need to appeal to the doctrine of unjust enrichment — the
obligation to pay would stem from the primary obligation, be it in contract or
otherwise. However, the question of whether the purchaser has a legal
obligation to pay the contractual price of the bunkers to the physical
supplier is _precisely the question which is in dispute_. In any case, the
argument is simply factually unsustainable. The purchasers have admitted that
they are liable to make payment for the bunkers so there is no question of
them withholding payment and thereby being unjustly enriched. The only
question is _to whom_ they should make payment.

(5) The maritime lien argument

48 This argument is only relevant to the purchasers in OS 1076/2014 (see
[8(c)] above) since they own the vessels in which the bunkers were stemmed
(and whose vessels therefore face the threat of arrest). The argument is
premised on the existence of a clause in some of the physical suppliers’ GTCs
which provides for the creation of a lien for the price of unpaid bunkers. For
example, clause 5 of Uni Petroleum’s GTCs provides that “[a]ll amounts due
shall operate as a lien/s against such vessel/s”.[note: 45]

49 As a starting point, maritime liens give rise to proprietary interests and
their creation is therefore subject to the _numerus clausus_ principle. This
gives rise to two important consequences: (a) the circumstances under which
they may arise in Singapore are limited and do not include liabilities arising
out of unpaid bunkers (see _The “Ohm Mariana” ex Peony_ [1992] 1 SLR(R) 556 at
[18]); (b) they cannot be created by contract (see _Admiralty Commissioners v
Valverda (Owners)_ [1938] AC 173 at 186 per Lord Wright). In _The “Halcyon
Isle”_ [1979–1980] SLR(R) 538 (“ _The Halcyon Isle_ ”), the Privy Council (on
appeal from a decision of the Court of Appeal of Singapore), held that the
recognition of a maritime lien was a matter that fell to be determined
according to the _lex fori_.

50 Mr Mohan accepts that the foregoing represents the law in Singapore.
However, he argues that there are jurisdictions which recognise the creation
of maritime liens in respect of unpaid bunkers (_eg_ , the United States of
America).[note: 46] While the mere recognition of the existence of a maritime
lien does not give the physical suppliers a direct cause of action against the
purchasers for the price of the bunkers under the Seller-Physical Supplier
contracts, he argues that it is always open to the physical suppliers to
arrest the vessel in such a foreign jurisdiction in order to enforce their
claims. The possibility of arrest, he argues, suffices to establish the
existence of a “competing claim” in respect of which interpleader relief is
available.[note: 47]

51 It is not clear to me how this can be a “competing claim”. A maritime lien
is an encumbrance on the vessel which accrues simultaneously with the cause of
action but lies inchoate until it is carried into effect by an action in rem
(see _The Bold Buccleugh_ (1851) 7 Moo PC 267; _The Halcyon Isle_ at [9]). In
other words, a maritime lien exists as a form of security for an underlying
claim which is _enforceable_ through an action _in rem_ and entitles the
claimant to be paid out of the proceeds of sale of the vessel in priority to
other classes of creditors (see _The Halcyon Isle_ at [10] and [21]). It is
not a separate claim _per se_.

52 Furthermore, it is clear that a right of arrest not recognised by the _lex
fori_ (_ie_ , Singapore) cannot be a competing claim. An application for
interpleader relief is not a claim for a substantive right, but for relief of
a procedural nature: what the applicant is asking for is to be released from
proceedings and to have the court compel the competing claimants to put
forward their claims for adjudication (see _Glencore International AG v Shell
International Trading and Shipping Co Ltd and Metro Oil Corporation_ [1999] 2
Lloyd’s Rep 692 at 697). In other words, the competing claimants are being
asked to assert their claims _in Singapore_. However, the Singapore courts
would never decide in favour of the party asserting a maritime lien over
unpaid bunkers simply because such a lien (which is subject to the _lex fori_)
does not exist under Singapore law. That is not to say that no foreign cause
of action can be a competing claim for interpleader relief in Singapore. A
distinction must be drawn between a right which is subject to the _lex fori_
and a cause of action which is recognised by its proper law. Here the court is
concerned with a right (_ie_ , a maritime lien) which is subject to the _lex
fori_ and not the proper law of the Seller–Physical Supplier contract.

53 By way of a letter dated 14 July 2015, Mr Kuek brought the decision of the
United States District Court for the Southern District of New York in _UPT
Pool Ltd v Dynamic Oil Trading (Singapore) Pte Ltd et al_ 14-CV-9262 (VEC)
(SDNY July 1, 2015) (“ _UPT_ ”) to my attention without explaining its
relevance to the issues before me other than to state that it involved “a
factual matrix which is significantly similar to the facts” in the
consolidated applications. It is clear to me that the decision is of little
relevance. Apart from the fact that the US statutory requirements (see 28 USC
§ 1335) are different from O 17, both the physical suppliers and the sellers
in that case were asserting a maritime lien in respect of the supply of
bunkers against the vessels, thereby satisfying the symmetry requirement (see
_UPT_ at pp 11 and 18). More significantly, United States law, unlike
Singapore law, recognises the existence of maritime liens in respect of
“necessaries” (_eg_ , bunkers). Therefore, the case of _UPT_ is of no
assistance to the question of whether interpleader relief is appropriate on
our facts.

54 In any event, there is _no_ evidence before this court that any of the
physical suppliers intend to or have _any_ basis to assert a claim in a
jurisdiction which recognises a maritime lien in respect of unpaid bunkers.
Indeed, _none_ of the parties (not even the purchasers in OS 1076/2014, which
Mr Mohan represent) has adduced any evidence that its vessels face any real
threat of arrest. To do so, I would expect the purchasers to state at least
the following matters in their supporting affidavits: (a) the trading pattern
of the vessels; (b) the fact that the law of the jurisdiction where the
vessels regularly trade recognises the existence of a maritime lien for unpaid
bunkers; (c) that the physical suppliers have intimated or asserted a maritime
lien against its vessels in the relevant jurisdiction; and (d) an opinion on
foreign law that the court of the relevant jurisdiction would exercise its
power of arrest to enforce the maritime lien in the circumstances of this
case. None of this was placed before me. This court cannot recognise the
existence of a _prima facie_ competing (foreign) claim founded upon the
speculative existence of a maritime lien in respect of the unpaid bunkers. The
interpleader jurisdiction of this court can only be invoked against real and
actual claims and not hypothetical and speculative claims of the sort
articulated by Mr Mohan (see _Isaac v Spilsbury_ (1883) 10 Bing 3).

55 In summary, I find that interpleader relief cannot be granted because the
competing claims raised do not disclose any _prima facie_ case for relief.
This finding is sufficient to dispose of the consolidated applications.
However, for completeness, I will go on to examine whether the competing
claims raised are truly “adverse”.

Are there adverse claims?

56 A point which divided the parties during the hearing was the applicable
test to determine whether the competing claims are “adverse”. The parties
disagreed on whether the competing claims had to be proprietary in nature.
This dispute cuts across battle lines and there was no consensus, within any
of the three groups (purchasers, physical suppliers, and sellers), as to what
the correct legal position should be.

(a) Mr Chua, Mr Ibrahim, and Mr Ong all submitted that in order for the
competing claims to be “adverse”, the competing claims must be _proprietary in
nature_ and they must be asserted over the same subject matter.[note: 48] In
support of this proposition, Mr Ong cited three decisions of the Court of
Appeal: _Tay Yok Swee_ , _Thahir Kartika Ratna v PT Pertambangan Minyak dan
Gas Bumi Negara (Pertamina)_ [1994] 3 SLR(R) 312 (“ _Thahir_ ”), and _The
Republic of the Philippines v Maler Foundation and others and other appeals_
[2014] 1 SLR 1389 (“ _Maler Foundation_ ”). At [84] of _Maler Foundation_ ,
Chao Hick Tin JA stated,

… The only question that the court is concerned with in an interpleader
proceeding is the resolution of adverse claims to the _res_ that forms the
subject matter of the interpleader, and the entitlement must be founded on a
title or proprietary interest … Interpleader proceedings are not concerned
with a relative _in personam_ entitlement to property, or an oblique _jus ad
rem_ in the form of a right relating to another person’s right to the
property.

(b) Mr Mohan,[note: 49] Mr Singh,[note: 50] Mr Lim,[note: 51] and Mr
Kuek[note: 52] all appeared to accept that the competing claims need not be
proprietary in nature. Mr Mohan argued that _Tay Yok Swee_ and _Thahir_ may be
distinguished on the basis that each involved competing claims in respect of a
specific fund in a bank account. He argued that it was only in such situations
that the competing claims had to be proprietary in order to be “adverse”. In
support, Mr Mohan cited the decision of this court in _IMC Shipping Company
Pte Ltd v Viking Offshore & Marine AS and Another_ [1998] SGHC 168 (“ _IMC
Shipping_ ”) wherein Lai Siu Chiu J stated at [9]:

… Debts give rise to personal claims and there can be no requirement under O
17 r 1(a) that the ‘adverse claims’ to a debt must somehow be proprietary.

57 It is important to appreciate the importance of this point. The sellers
have advanced _in personam_ claims for the recovery of contractual debts due
under the Purchaser–Seller contracts. Therefore, if the competing claims must
be proprietary in nature, then it is clear that interpleader relief cannot
lie. For that reason, I found it rather curious that Mr Chua and Mr Ibrahim —
both of whom support the grant of interpleader relief — have advanced this
submission.

The essence of interpleader proceedings

58 Before examining the cases which were cited in argument, I think it is
useful to first take a step back to understand the history and purpose behind
the grant of interpleader relief. The genesis of interpleader may be traced to
the practice of the Court of Common Pleas in the fourteenth and fifteenth
centuries (see Ralph V Rogers, “ _Historical Origins of Interpleader_ ” (1924)
51 Yale LJ 924; Geoffrey C Hazard Jr and Myron Moskovitz, “An Historical and
Critical Analysis of Interpleader” (1964) 52 Cal L Rev 706). However, the
modern form of the interpleader as we now know it was developed in the Courts
of Equity in the eighteenth and nineteenth centuries before it was
reintroduced into the Common Law Courts with the passage of the Interpleader
Act 1831 (c 58) (UK) and further refined by the Common Law Procedure Act 1860
(c 126) (UK). Section 12 of the Common Law Procedure Act 1860 empowered the
“courts of law to give relief against adverse claims made upon persons having
no interest in the subject of such claims” so long as the claims faced were
“adverse to and independent of one another.” In _De La Rue v Henru, Peron &
Stockwell, Limited_ [1936] 2 KB 164) (“ _De La Rue_ ”), Greene LJ wrote (at
170–173):

Interpleader proceedings originated in Courts of equity, and the appropriate
procedure where a person found himself harassed by claims made on behalf of
two or more persons was by way of a Bill of Interpleader. It is interesting to
observe what the nature of that proceeding was. I read a passage from the
Fourth Edition of Daniell’s Chancery Practice, vol. ii., p. 1418, published in
1867, because it is from this practice in equity that the whole modern law of
interpleader is ultimately derived. The learned author says this: “ _Where two
or more persons claim the same thing, by different or separate interests, and
another person_ , **_not knowing to which of the claimants he ought of right
to render a debt or duty_****, or to deliver property** _in his custody, fears
he may be hurt by some of them, he may exhibit a Bill of Interpleader against
them._ ” …

…

In substance, when an interpleader issue is tried, two actions against the
person interpleading are being dealt with. Interpleader proceedings are the
method of compelling the parties—either one, or both, or neither of whom may
have actually issued a writ—to prosecute their claims. _As it is the essence
of interpleader proceedings that_** _the person who has interpleaded has no
title himself he naturally drops out of the suit_** _._ But in effect the
entire matter is tried out in the presence of all the parties concerned, and
**_the real claimants are compelled to put forward their claims and have them
adjudicated upon_**. **_The reason for that is not their own benefit, it is
for the relief of the person interpleading._** [emphasis added in italics and
bold italics]

59 In other words, interpleader proceedings exist to assist applicants who
want to discharge their legal obligations (to pay a debt, deliver up property
etc.) but do not know _to whom_ they should do so. The essence of interpleader
was eloquently summarised by Sir James Wigram VC in _Crawford v Fisher_ (1842)
1 Hare 436 more than half a century before _De La Rue_ (at 441 and 442):

**_The office of an interpleading suit is not to protect a party against a
double liability, but against double vexation in respect of one liability_**.
If the circumstances of a case shew that the Plaintiff is liable to both
claimants, that is no case for interpleader. _It is of the essence of an
interpleading suit, that the Plaintiff shall be liable to one only of the
claimants_ ; and the relief which the Court affords him is against the
vexation of two proceedings on a matter which may be settled in a single suit.
[emphasis added in italics and bold italics]

60 The applicant in an interpleader summons is caught between the devil and
the deep blue sea — if he discharges his obligation to one claimant, he
exposes himself to suit from the other. In such a situation, the relief of
interpleader comes to his aid by compelling the real claimants to present
their cases in order that the court can determine which one of the competing
claimants has the legal entitlement to call on the enforcement of the
applicant’s admitted liability. The applicant, having disclaimed any interest
in the subject matter of the dispute, “drops out” and is released from the
proceedings (see _De La Rue_ at 173). In other words, the object of an
interpleader is the determination of the _incidence of liability_ : _ie_ , it
serves to identify the person to whom the applicant is liable. It follows from
this that interpleader relief is not available where the applicant is
separately liable to both claimants (see _Farr v Ward_ [1837] 150 ER 1000)
because there is no controversy in such a case: there are two obligations both
of which the applicant is legally bound to discharge.

61 From my review of the cases, I have distilled three features that competing
claims in an interpleader proceeding must possess in order to be considered
“adverse”.

62 The first is the requirement of “symmetry”: the competing claims must be
made in respect of _same subject matter_. This proposition is supported by a
long and unbroken line of authority (see _Chin Leong Soon_ at 229B–230I) and
the parties do not dispute that this represents the law.[note: 53] However, it
is important to understand what the expression “subject matter” refers to. The
“subject matter” of an interpleader is not, strictly speaking, the _res_ which
is in the possession of the applicant (_ie_ , the goods or chattel or the
debt). In some cases, there is no “ _res_ ” to speak of (for example, in
_Meynell v Angell_ (1863) 32 LJQB 14 (“ _Meynell_ ”), the applicant received
competing claims for a debt due under a contract for building works). It is
more accurate to describe the “subject matter” of the interpleader as the
_legal obligation which the applicant has admitted to_. Looking at it from
another perspective, both competing claimants must be calling on the
enforcement of the same legal liability. The following two examples are
instructive.

63 In _Ingham v Walker_ (1887) 3 TLR 448 (“ _Ingham_ ”), the defendant faced
two competing claims for the purchase price of a horse: the first was from the
plaintiff, on whose behalf he sold the horse; the second was from the buyer of
the horse, who claimed damages for misrepresentation (he claimed that the
horse did not conform to the description in the catalogue). The English Court
of Appeal, in rejecting the defendant’s application for interpleader relief,
held that “[a] claim on the one side to a specific sum of money and a claim on
the other side for unliquidated damages could not be the subject of
interpleader proceedings”. In other words, the claims, though both referable
to the same horse, did not relate to the same legal liability. The first was a
claim that the defendant was liable, _in the law of agency_ , to account for
the _purchase price of the horse_ to his principal. The second was a claim
that the defendant was liable _in contract_ to the purchaser for _damages
arising from misrepresentation_.

64 In _Greatorex v Shackle_ [1895] 2 QB 249 (“ _Greatorex_ ”), the defendant
arranged for her house to be sold at auction. Following that, she received
competing claims from two auctioneers, both of whom claimed a commission for
the sale of the house. The first claim was for 35 _l_ and 12s while the second
was for 25 _l_. The defendant argued that since commission was being claimed
by two different parties in respect of the sale of the same house, the subject
matter of the claims was the same. The English Court of Appeal disagreed. On
the facts, it was clear that the claims asserted by the competing parties were
founded on two separate contracts (generating _two different sets of
contractual obligations_) and giving rise to two separate causes of action.
Thus, the claims, though both referable to the same house, were “not adverse,
in the sense of being claims to the same money, but were entirely different
claims” (at 252, per Wright J).

65 The second feature is mutual exclusivity: the resolution of the
interpleader _must_ result in the extinction of the unsuccessful competing
claims. This is a corollary of the fact that interpleader proceedings serve to
decide who is entitled to call on the applicant to discharge the specified
liability. Once the court rules in favour of one of the competing claimants,
it must follow, as a consequence, that the other competing claims _to the same
subject matter_ fall away. If it were not the case, then the interpleader
proceedings would offer the applicant no way out from the quandary he finds
himself in. For example, in both _Ingham_ and _Greatorex_ , it was clear that
interpleader relief was not appropriate because the extinction of any one of
the claims would have absolutely no effect on the remaining claims.

66 As a clarification, I do not mean to suggest that it is a prerequisite to
interpleader relief that the competing claims must be co-extensive. It has
been clear, since the decision in _Percy Attenborough v The London and St
Katharine’s Dock Company_ (1878) 3 CPD 450, that there is no such requirement.
For example, in _Reading v School Board for London_ (1886) 16 QBD 686, the
plaintiff sued the defendants for a sum of 977 _l_. The defendants admitted
liability to the extent of 861 _l_ but disputed the balance sum. Subsequently,
a third party also demanded the sum of 861 _l_ from the defendant, claiming to
have been assigned the right to the money by the plaintiff. The court granted
interpleader relief in respect of the disputed debt of 861 _l_. In that case,
the determination of the interpleader resulted in the extinction of one of the
competing claims to a sum of 861 _l_ , _which was the subject matter of the
interpleader_. However, the resolution of the interpleader did not affect the
third party’s claim to the balance sum.

67 The third key feature is that there must be actual disagreement: _ie_ , the
applicant must face an actual dilemma as to how he should act. As noted at
[60] above, interpleader relief exists to extricate the applicant from a
genuine practical difficulty. If the competing claimants are _ad idem_ as to
what should be done but disagree on their rights and entitlements _inter se_ ,
then interpleader relief will not lie. The decision of the Hong Kong Court of
Appeal in _Yinggao Resources Ltd v ECO Metal (Hong Kong) Ltd and Another_
[2014] HKCA 566 (“ _Yinggao_ ”), which was cited in argument by Mr Mohan, is
on point.

68 In _Yinggao_ , the plaintiff entered into an agreement for the purchase of
copper from Eco and, pursuant to this agreement, transferred a sum of $28m HKD
to the latter. Subsequently, Eco came under investigation by the authorities
so the parties agreed that this agreement should be terminated and the money
repaid. The plaintiff wrote to the bank to ask that the sum be repaid on the
basis that Eco was holding the sums _on trust_ for its benefit. Eco wrote to
the bank separately to state that it specifically denied that the funds were
held on trust for the plaintiff but nevertheless informed the bank that, as
the named account holder, it was asserting its right to direct that the funds
be transferred to the plaintiff. The bank then sought interpleader relief,
arguing that although both claims sought the same outcome (_ie_ , the transfer
of the money to Yinggao), they were nevertheless “adverse” since they put
forward different (and inconsistent) bases for their instructions. This
argument was accepted at first instance but overturned on appeal. The Hong
Kong Court of Appeal held that the claims were not adverse since they did not
seek different outcomes. Hon Barma JA observed :

13\. … _Given that both Yinggao and Eco are in agreement that the two sums
should be paid to Yinggao, their claims in respect of the two sums cannot be
said to be “adverse” to one another._**_They seek the same, and not different
outcomes_** _, albeit for different reasons._ …

…

15\. _Here, it cannot be said that the Bank does not know to which of Yinggao
or Eco it should pay the two sums_. By 10 October 2012 at the latest, it was
clear that it was being called upon by both to pay the two sums to Yinggao.
**_Where there is no dispute as to which of two parties should receive payment
or delivery of the sums or goods held by a third party, there is no practical
need for interpleader relief._**

[emphasis added in italics and bold italics]

Must the competing claims be proprietary?

69 With those points in mind, I now turn to the cases cited in argument. In
_Tay Yok Swee_ , the competing claimants (which included the appellant) were
parties to a joint-venture agreement (“the JV”) for the purchase and
development of a piece of property, which was mortgaged to the bank as
security for a loan. Under the indenture of mortgage, the appellant was named
the proprietor of a one-third share in the property whereas the remaining
competing claimants (“the second and third respondents”) were each stated as
the owners of the remaining shares. The parties failed to service their loan
repayments and the bank exercised its powers of sale. The surplus proceeds of
sale amounted to $2.1m and the appellant argued that he was entitled to a one-
third share. The second and third respondents, who had brought suit against
the appellant for an account of profits and damages for the breach of the JV,
argued that the appellant’s one third share ought to be reduced to reflect the
damages it owed them. The bank sought interpleader relief.

70 The appellant’s claim to a one-third share of the sale proceeds was
grounded on _the bank’s liability_ (as a mortgagee who had exercised the power
of sale) to hold the surplus proceeds of sale on trust for the mortgagor who
is entitled to the residue. On the other hand, the second and third
respondents founded their claims on _the appellant’s liability for breach of
contract_. It is clear that the competing claims were not in respect of the
same _subject matter_ : they differed both in terms of the identity of the
liable party (the bank or the appellant) as well as in kind (in trust or in
contract). In the circumstances, it is clear that the Court of Appeal
dismissed the application because the competing claims were not made _in
respect of the same subject matter_ (_ie_ , the requirement of symmetry was
not satisfied). The Court of Appeal held (at [15] and [25]):

15 … The facts show that, _although the second and third respondents have
claimed an entitlement to the remaining one-third surplus, the claim is not a
direct one; it is not a proprietary claim on the fund._ According to the
statement of claim in Suit No 239 of 1992, they claim for under-contribution
by the appellant to the costs of development of the project and also an
account of profits arising from the appellant’s management of the project. It
is essentially a claim under the joint venture agreement.

…

25 In our opinion, on the material before us, the second and third respondents
have no claim on the remaining one-third surplus; that surplus belongs to the
appellant. **_They may have a claim against the appellant in contract and for
an account; that is a personal claim and has yet to be determined. Such a
claim is not adverse to the appellant’s claim to the fund._** [emphasis added
in italics and in bold]

71 The other competing claimants never asserted that they had any direct claim
to the one-third share of the balance sale proceeds. It was always clear that
the bank, as mortgagee, was liable to render one-third of the surplus sale
proceeds to the appellant and that the claims mounted by the second and third
respondents did not affect the appellant’s entitlement. This was not a
situation in which there were adverse claims which amounted to “double
vexation in respect of one liability”. The Court of Appeal only stressed that
the second and third respondents did not have a “proprietary claim to the
fund” in order to highlight that they, in contradistinction to the appellant,
were not making any claim _against the bank_.

72 In _Thahir_ , the Court of Appeal had to consider several competing claims
over sums of money in 19 fixed deposit accounts (“the accounts”) which were in
the joint names of General Thahir and his wife, the appellant. Upon the death
of General Thahir, the appellant demanded that certain sums in the accounts be
paid out to her. However, the bank received a competing claim from Pertamina,
General Thahir’s former employer. Pertamina claimed to be beneficially
entitled to the money in the accounts on the ground that General Thahir had
received the sums therein by way of bribes while he was an employee of
Pertamina so he — and the appellant, by reason of her complicity in the bribes
— were constructive trustees of the sums in the accounts. Before the Court of
Appeal, it was argued that Pertamina had to show that it had a proprietary
claim to the deposits in order for interpleader relief to lie. LP Thean JA
held (at [14]):

_The essential question is, therefore, which of the claimants is entitled to
the moneys_. … As we see it, the _appellant and Pertamina are competing
claimants to the ACU deposits. As the amended first issue recognises, the
essence of it is “entitlement” to the moneys_. Hence, even if what Pertamina
maintain is the essential issue, their “entitlement” to the deposits must
still be founded on some title or proprietary interest they have in the
deposits. _It is not enough for Pertamina to show that they have a personal
claim_ against Gen Thahir and/or the appellant for recovery of the bribes.
_They must show that, on one or more of the grounds stated in the amended
first issue, they have some title or proprietary interest in the deposit._ …
[emphasis added]

73 As a customer of the bank, the appellant was its creditor (see _Bank of
America National Trust and Savings Association v Herman Iskandar and another_
[1998] 1 SLR(R) 848 at [31]) and, as a corollary, the owner of a chose in
action constituted by the indebtedness of the bank to her (see _Ng Wei Teck
Michael v Oversea-Chinese Banking Corp Ltd_ [1998] 1 SLR(R) 778 at [38]). It
was in this capacity — _qua_ the owner of a chose of action — that the
appellant asserted a claim that the bank, as a debtor, was liable to her in
the amount of the funds in the account. Thus, when the court held that
“[Pertamina’s] ‘entitlement’ to the deposits must still be founded on some
title or proprietary interest they have in the deposits”, what it meant was
that in order for Pertamina’s claim to be “adverse” to that of the
appellant’s, it likewise had to be a claim which pertained to the bank’s
liability _qua_ debtor in the context of the banker-customer relationship.
This required proof that Pertamina had a (proprietary) right to call on the
debt (the chose in action) which was the subject matter of the competing
claims.

74 Finally, I turn to _Maler Foundation_. Following the overthrow of President
Ferdinand E Marcos of the Philippines, the Republic of the Philippines (“the
Republic”) took steps to recover the ill-gotten wealth which Mr Marcos and his
wife had accumulated. _Maler Foundation_ concerned competing claims to a
portion of this wealth, which was kept in an account with a bank in Singapore
opened in the name of the Philippine National Bank (“PNB”). Several parties
laid claim to this sum of money, including the Republic (pointing to a
decision of the Philippines Supreme Court ordering that all of the Marcos’
assets be forfeited to the State), PNB (as account-holders), several Swiss
foundations set up by the Marcoses (from whom the money had been seized in
Switzerland), and the plaintiffs in a human rights class action suit filed in
the United States District Court of Hawaii (“the HR Victims”). The bank then
sought interpleader relief.

75 In that section of the judgment which was quoted by Mr Ong (see [56(a)]
above), the court was considering the competing claim of the HR Victims. The
HR Victims had prevailed in their class action suit in the United States and
had obtained judgment for a sum of about US$2b. Pursuant to this, a Clerk of
the District Court of Hawaii, one Walter A Y Chinn, executed a deed of
assignment of the assets of the Marcos Estate in favour of the HR Victims
(“the Chinn Assignment”). The HR Victims argued that, by virtue of the Chinn
Assignment, they had acquired title to the sums in the Singapore accounts.
Given that their argument involved a foreign law element, the first issue
which the court had to deal with was the characterisation of the relevant
legal issue, as this was a prerequisite to determine the appropriate governing
law of the dispute (see _Maler Foundation_ at [81]). The HR Victims submitted
that the issue ought to be characterised as one concerning the validity of the
Chinn Assignment _vis-à-vis_ the assignor (the Marcos Estate) and the assignee
(the HR Victims) _only_ , and not whether the Chinn Assignment validly granted
them title to the sums in the Singapore accounts. The court disagreed and
held:

84 … As the Human Rights Victims seemed to be saying that the formulation of
their claim to the Funds did not involve any assertion that they had obtained
proprietary rights to the Funds at the time the Chinn Assignment was executed,
then in the context of the present Interpleader Proceedings, their claim would
be seriously undermined. The only question that the court is concerned with in
an interpleader proceeding is the resolution of adverse claims to the _res_
that forms the subject matter of the interpleader, and the entitlement must be
founded on a title or proprietary interest: see the decision of this court in
_Tay Yok Swee v United Overseas Bank_ [1994] 2 SLR(R) 36 at [12]–[15],
followed in _Thahir Kartika Ratna v PT Pertambangan Minyak dan Gas Bumi Negara
(Pertamina)_ [1994] 3 SLR(R) 312 at [14]–[16]; Singapore Civil Procedure 2013
(Sweet & Maxwell Asia, 2013) at para 17/1/6. Interpleader proceedings are not
concerned with a relative _in personam_ entitlement to property, or an oblique
_jus ad rem_ in the form of a right relating to another person’s right to the
property.

85 _While the Human Rights Victims chose to frame their cause of action based
on a hierarchy of relative entitlement to the Funds, we consider that the_
**_defining element of the claims of all the parties to the Interpleader
Proceedings is the question of title to property_** – the correct
characterisation of **_the substance of the issue before this court is the
effect of the Chinn Assignment on the title to the Swiss Deposits_** at the
time that the judicial assignment allegedly took place, and this falls most
appropriately within a proprietary rubric.

[emphasis added in italics and bold italics]

76 It is essential to bear in mind that _Maler Foundation_ was an appeal from
the _substantive_ interpleader proceeding which was held in the court below
(_ie_ , it was a “stage 2” case: see [20] above). Thus, the court was not
concerned with the test to be applied in determining whether a claim is
“adverse” (that being a “stage 1” issue). Rather, the court had to decide on
the most appropriate characterisation of the claim that was _consistent with
the premise that it was an adverse claim_. In _Maler Foundation_ (like in _Tay
Yok Swee_ and _Thahir_), all the competing claimants were asserting
proprietary claims (“… the defining element of the claims of all the parties …
is the question of title to property …”) over funds in a bank account. So what
the court was saying was that in the context of this “stage 2” analysis, one
_had_ to understand the legal relevance of the Chinn Assignment as being an
assertion that it had conferred title on the HR Victims to the deposits. If
this were not the case, interpleader relief would not have been appropriate to
begin with since the competing claims would not even relate to the same
subject matter.

77 It is also worth highlighting that paragraph 17/1/6 of _Singapore Civil
Procedure 2013_ vol 1 (G P Selvam gen ed) (Sweet & Maxwell, 2013) (“
_Singapore Civil Procedure 2013_ ”), which the Court of Appeal cited in _Maler
Foundation_ , states that the competing claims need not be proprietary in
nature. It reads:

In _IMC Shipping v. Viking Offshore & Anor._ (unreported, delivered on May 18,
1998) Lai Siu Chiu J. held that where the adverse claims were in respect of a
debt within the meaning of O. 17, r.1(a), such debts give rise to personal
claims and there can be no requirement under O.17, r.1(a) that the adverse
claims to a debt must somehow be proprietary. …

78 In _IMC_ , two companies (Viking and BELMI) entered into an agreement to
set up a joint-venture company in which Viking would contribute a sum of
US$450,000 in return for a 30% shareholding. This sum was duly transferred
from the bank account of a Norwegian individual, Ohna, on Viking’s behalf.
Subsequently, it was decided that the share capital of the new company would
be reduced to US$10,000, which meant that Viking would only have to contribute
a sum of US$3,000. Following this decision, a sum of US$372,000 (after
deductions) was to be refunded to Viking. Both Viking and Ohna laid claim to
this sum of US$372,000. The applicant (BELMI’s parent company) then sought
interpleader relief. Viking resisted the application on the basis that Ohna
did not have a proprietary claim (citing _Tay Yok Swee_ and _Thahir_). Lai J
wrote (at [9]):

Viking’s submission that Ohna’s claim had to be a proprietary claim was, in my
view, relevant only if IMC was, in the alternative, alleged to be under a
liability for ‘money’ within the meaning of O17 r 1(a) RSC. If the parties
were proceeding on this footing, I would agree that the two Court of Appeal
cases cited above do suggest that the claims concerned must be proprietary,
i.e. must relate to a specific fund. To satisfy this, both defendants here
would probably have to argue that the money with IMC was being held under some
kind of trust, either express or implied; otherwise any claim for payment by
either defendant would appear to be personal and not proprietary. … But as
stated above, I was of the view that _Ohna and Viking were making adverse
claims to a ‘debt’ within the meaning of O17 r 1(a). Debts give rise to
personal claims and there can be no requirement under O17 r 1(a) that the
‘adverse claims’ to a debt must somehow be proprietary_. [emphasis added]

79 As Lai J pointed out, the competing claims in _Tay Yok Swee_ and _Thahir_
both pertained to competing claims to a sum of money in a bank account. In
such a situation, the competing claims had to be proprietary (_ie_ , relate to
title to the chose in action constituted by the sum of money in the bank
account) to satisfy the symmetry requirement. However, it did not mean that
this had to be so in _every_ case. In summary, the decisions cited — _Tay Yok
Swee_ , _Thahir_ , and _Maler Foundation_ — do not stand for the proposition
that competing claims in an application for interpleader relief had to be
proprietary.

80 This also appears to be consistent with the decided cases. In _Meynell_ ,
it was held that interpleader relief was available in a situation where the
applicant faced competing claims from A on the one hand and a person claiming
to be A’s undisclosed principal on the other. In _Development Bank of
Singapore Ltd v Eng Keong Realty Pte Ltd and another_ [1990] 1 SLR(R) 265,
this court granted interpleader relief in respect of a dispute as to whom the
applicant-bank ought to pay a sum of $170,000 under a banker’s guarantee. In
_Australia and New Zealand Banking Group Ltd v Ding Pei Chai and others_
[2004] 3 SLR(R) 489 (“ _Ding Pei Chai_ ”), this court granted interpleader
relief in respect of competing claims to manage a deposit account opened in
the name of a company. None of these cases involved an adjudication of
competing _proprietary_ claims. Instead, the common denominator is all these
cases involved an admitted liability (the payment of a contractual debt, the
bank’s obligation to its customers etc.) and a dispute over the identity of
the party to whom the liability is owed. With that, I will now examine whether
the competing claims satisfy the three requirements of symmetry, mutual
exclusivity, and actual disagreement identified at [61]–[67] above.

Are the competing claims “adverse”?

81 On the facts, the seller’s claim appears to be a simple claim for a
contractual debt: _viz_ , the contractual price for the bunkers due under the
Purchaser–Seller contract. However, Mr Loo disputed this. He submitted that,
owing to the presence of the retention of title clause in the Purchaser-Seller
contracts, title in the bunkers was never transferred from the Sellers to the
Purchasers. That being the case, he argues, on the authority of _FG Wilson_ ,
that s 49(1) of the Sale of Goods Act (Cap 393, 1999 Rev Ed) (“SOGA”)
precludes the Sellers from maintaining an action for the price of the
bunkers.[note: 54] In response, Mr Singh submitted that the SOGA did not apply
because the Purchaser-Seller contracts were not contracts for the transfer of
property in the bunkers but were instead contracts for the transfer of bunkers
for immediate consumption.[note: 55] Ultimately, I do not have to decide this
point. If Mr Loo is correct and the sellers cannot maintain an action for the
price of the bunkers then, _ipso facto_ , there are no competing claims and
hence interpleader relief would not be available (which is why I find it
rather odd that Mr Loo has raised this argument). However, for the purposes of
evaluating whether the competing claims are adverse to each other, I will
proceed on the basis that the sellers can maintain an action for the price of
the bunkers.

82 I now turn to the appropriate characterisation of the potpourri of claims
put forward by the physical suppliers:

(a) The “fiduciary agent/bailee argument” (see [35]–[40] above) amounts to a
proprietary claim for the _proceeds of sale of the bunkers_.

(b) The “tort of conversion argument” (see [42]–[44] above) amounts to an _in
personam_ claim against _the purchaser_ for _damages_.

(c) The “collateral contract argument” (see [44] above) amounts to an _in
personam_ claim against the _purchasers_ for the _price of the bunkers (as set
out in the Seller-Physical Supplier contract)_ under a _separate contract_.

(d) The “unjust enrichment argument” (see [46] and [47] above) amounts to a
_restitutionary claim_ against the _purchaser_.

(e) The “maritime lien argument” (see [48]–[54] above), amounts to a claim
that the physical suppliers have a _right to proceed in rem_ against the
vessels in satisfaction of their claim for the unpaid bunkers _and_ , further,
that they ought to accorded _priority in the distribution of the sale proceeds
of the vessel_ (see _The Halcyon Isle_ at 235D per Lord Diplock).

83 It is clear that none of the competing claims listed above assert that the
physical supplier has a _contractual right to be paid the price of the
bunkers_ under the _Purchaser-Seller contract_. Therefore, the requirement of
symmetry has clearly not been satisfied. Furthermore, the extinction of these
competing claims will not have _any_ impact on the sellers’ claim for the
purchase price of the bunkers or _vice versa_ so the requirement of mutual
exclusivity is also not satisfied. By way of illustration, even if I were to
accept that the physical suppliers have a maritime lien against the vessel, a
holding by this court that the purchasers are liable to the sellers would not
extinguish the maritime lien which arises by operation of law in the relevant
jurisdiction regardless of _in personam_ liability. The claims of the sellers
and the physical suppliers are not adverse to one another and are therefore
not suitable for interpleader relief.

84 In summary, the conditions precedent for interpleader relief have not been
satisfied since the competing claims of the physical suppliers neither
disclose any _prima facie_ case for relief nor are they “adverse” to the
sellers’ claims within the meaning of O 17 of the ROC.

What consequential orders should follow?

85 The sellers submitted that even if I were to find that interpleader relief
is unsuitable, I may nevertheless “summarily determine, and dismiss, the
physical suppliers’ claims on the merits” and then order “payment out” in
their favour.[note: 56] In support, they cite O 17 r 8 of the ROC, which
reads:

Subject to Rules 1 to 7, the Court may in or for the purposes of any
interpleader proceedings make such order as to costs or any other matter as it
thinks just.

86 In oral argument, to Mr Mohan’s credit, he expressed some reservations
whether the court could do so. He pointed out that the powers of the court
under O 17 r 8, though wide, are expressly circumscribed by the requirement
that they are “subject to Rules 1 to 7”. Under O 17 r 5, the court has the
power to summarily determine the question at issue between the competing
claimants _if_ it finds that interpleader relief is appropriate. By
implication, Mr Mohan suggested, this court does not have the power to do so
if it finds that interpleader relief is not available.[note: 57]

87 Before I proceed further, it is important to appreciate exactly what the
sellers want this court to do. During the oral hearing, Mr Singh consistently
used the expression “payment out” when describing the process of the court
ordering payment in their favour. The expression “payment out” typically
refers to an order of court made at the end of a trial directing that a sum of
money paid into court be applied in satisfaction of the claim of the
successful party. In the instant case, no sum has been paid into court. More
importantly, there has yet to be a determination of the merits of the claims.
The only question which the court has considered thus far is the “stage 1”
inquiry of whether the conditions precedents for interpleader relief have been
satisfied. That being the case, what the sellers presently have is a _claim_
(and that is all it is for the moment, a claim) for the recovery of a
contractual debt. In calling for payment to be made to them, they are
effectively seeking _summary judgment_ in their favour. The question is
whether this court has, _upon the dismissal of an interpleader summons_ , the
power to summarily determine the merits of the competing claims and to grant
judgment pursuant to that determination. I do not think so.

The statutory scheme

88 Order 14 r 1 of the ROC governs the grant of summary judgment and it
provides that four conditions precedent must be met before such an application
can be brought (see _Singapore Civil Procedure 2015_ vol 1 (G P Selvam gen ed)
(Sweet & Maxwell, 2015) at para 14/1/4). It is not disputed that none of these
requirements have been met — for example, neither a statement of claim nor a
defence has been served, as required under O 14 r 1. It is also no answer to
point to the inherent jurisdiction of this court as has been suggested[note:
58] since it is well established that this court does not have the inherent
power to order summary judgment outside the circumstances set out in the ROC
(see _Samsung Corp v Chinese Chamber Realty Pte Ltd and others_ [2004] 1
SLR(R) 382 at [12]).

89 Ordinarily, that would be the end of the matter. However, the sellers have
invoked O 17 r 8 to seek judgment in light of the arguments and evidence
presented during the hearing. As a starting point, I accept Mr Mohan’s
submission that the generality of O 17 r 8 is constrained by the proviso that
it is “[s]ubject to Rules 1 to 7”. In order to fall within the scope of O 17 r
8, any contemplated order has to cohere with the structure of the interpleader
process and must be connected with its central purpose, which is the
determination of the incidence of an _admitted_ liability (see [60] above).
With that in mind, I am of the view that there are two reasons why O 17 r 8
cannot be interpreted to grant this court the power to order summary judgment.

90 The first is that it would offend the structure of O 17. In _Tetuan Teh Kim
Teh, Salina & Co (a firm) v Tan Kau Tiah @ Tan Ching Hai & Anor_ [2013] 4 MLJ
313 (“ _Tetuan_ ”), the Federal Court of Malaysia considered the structure of
O 17 of the Malaysian RHC 1980 (which is _in pari materia_ with O 17 of our
ROC) and held at [50]:

On hearing the interpleader summons, **_if the preconditions under O 17 r 1 of
the RHC and O 17 r 3 of the RHC are not satisfied, the court should dismiss
the summons_**. _On the other hand if the preconditions under O 17 rr 1 and 3
of the RHC are satisfied, then the court may make any of the orders provided
under O 17 r 5 of the RHC as appropriate_. The court may order that an issue
(in this case the issue relating to the 18 documents of title) be stated and
tried, and may direct which of the claimants is to be plaintiff and which
defendant. For this purpose provisions for discovery and inspection of
documents as well as interrogatories, and for trial of interpleader issue are
provided under O 17 of the RHC. Where all the claimants consent or any of them
so requests, or the question at issue between the claimants is a question of
law and the facts are not in dispute, the court may ‘summarily determine the
question at issue between the claimants’ and make an order accordingly on
terms as may be just. **It is**** _important to note that the summary
determination provided is for ‘the question at issue between the claimants’
not between the claimants or any of them with the interpleader
applicant_****.** … [emphasis added in italics and bold italics]

91 I respectfully agree with the Federal Court’s analysis of the nature and
structure of O 17. At “stage 1” of an interpleader summons, the remit of the
court’s inquiry is whether the conditions precedent for interpleader relief
have been satisfied (see [19] above). Consequently, the court is limited only
to allowing or dismissing the application for interpleader relief. It is only
at “stage 2” that the court takes cognisance of the merits of the competing
claims and may exercise its power to dispose of them. Having dismissed the
application for interpleader relief on the basis that the conditions precedent
have not been satisfied, I find that I do not have the power to summarily
determine the claim and/or order payment in the sellers’ favour.

92 Furthermore, it is worth noting that the power of this court to summarily
determine the relative merits of the competing claims in the interpleader
process is specifically provided for under O 17 r 5(2) of the ROC. However,
this power is tightly circumscribed. It only applies to cases where the
conditions for interpleader relief have already been satisfied (_ie_ , “stage
2” cases) where either (a) the applicant is the sheriff; _or_ (b) all the
parties consent or any of them so requests; _or_ (c) it involves a pure
question of law. In other words, the statutory scheme itself imposes specific
and clear constraints on the court’s power of summary determination. This, I
find, is a further reason why I am precluded from reading in a general power
of summary determination into O 17 r 8, particularly for “stage 1” cases,
where the merits of the competing claims do not even fall to be determined.

93 The second reason is that such a power would fall outside the scope of the
interpleader process. At [50] of _Tetuan_ , the court emphasised that the
power of summary determination provided under O 17 r 5 of the Malaysian RHC
1980 is limited to the “question at issue _between_ the claimants” and not an
issue “between the claimants or any of them with the interpleader applicant”.
In _Tetuan_ , the application for interpleader relief was granted at first
instance. The second defendant then appealed to the Malaysian Court of Appeal
which, in addition to reversing the decision of the High Court, allowed a
counterclaim for damages arising from wrongful detention. In doing so, the
Court of Appeal held that O 28 r 7(1) of the Malaysian RHC 1980 permitted
defendants in originating summonses to bring counterclaims in the same matter
without the necessity of initiating a separate action. The Federal Court
affirmed the dismissal of the interpleader summons but held that interpleader
proceedings, though initiated by originating summons, was a class of summonses
that fell outside the scope of O 28 so the counterclaim ought properly to have
been the subject of a separate action. At [49], the Federal Court explained:

… [_A_]_n interpleader summons is a type of originating summons excepted under
O 28 r 1 of the RHC from the originating summons procedure_ under O 28 of the
RHC. The _plaintiff came to the High Court seeking for interpleader relief,
seeking decision of the court as to whom he should account for the 18
documents of title_. **_All that the court had to determine was whether or not
it was necessary, for the purpose of assisting by means of interpleader, to
make an order which would enable the plaintiff to know to whom he had to
account for the documents of titles_** (applying  _De La Rue_). For this
purpose the interpleader summons called upon the first and the second
defendants to come out and state their claims so that the court could decide
to whom the plaintiff should account for the documents of titles. That was
where the affidavits filed by the first and second defendants came into play.
They should contain the particulars of their respective claims to the
documents of titles.

[emphasis added in italics and bold italics]

94 Although the specific issue in _Tetuan_ concerned a counterclaim made in an
affidavit opposing an application for interpleader relief, the more general
point that the Federal Court was making is that the scope of an interpleader
summons is a narrow one: it exists to allow the court to determine the
incidence of liability. It was never intended as (and, indeed, it is
manifestly unsuited to function as) a mechanism for the _determination of
liability_ , which is the raison d’être of the summary judgment procedure.
Therefore, I find that I am precluded from construing O 17 r 8 as providing
this court with a general power of summary determination.

The cases cited in argument

95 The sellers cited four cases in support of their submission that this court
has the power to order payment in their favour: _BP Benzin und Petroleum AG v
European-American Banking Corporation and Others_ [1978] 1 Lloyd’s Rep 364 (“
_BP Benzin_ ”), _Ding Pei Chai, Hong Leong Bank Bhd v Manducekap Hi-Tec Sdn
Bhd & Ors_ [2009] 7 MLJ 124 (“ _Hong Leong Bank_ ”), and _Tay Yok Swee_. In my
view, none of the cases are of assistance.

96 _BP Benzin_ and _Ding Pei Chai_ can both be distinguished as they were both
“stage 2” cases where the court had found that the conditions precedent for
interpleader relief had been satisfied. Once the court is seized of its
interpleader jurisdiction, it has full access to the powers afforded by O 17,
including the power to summarily determine the merits of the competing claims
(see O 17 r 5). _BP Benzin_ concerned competing claims to the charter hire of
a vessel. Before the substantive interpleader hearing was held, Goff J made an
interlocutory order that a portion of the sum paid into court be disbursed to
defray the expenses incurred in the upkeep of the vessels until the matter
could be definitively decided. _Ding Pei Chai_ concerned the question of who
had the lawful authority to deal with a set of funds in a company account. At
the end of the substantive interpleader hearing, Belinda Ang Saw Ean J ordered
that the sum of money remain in the bank account until further order with the
successful claimants being granted general liberty to apply. Neither of these
two cases lends support to the argument that summary judgment may be ordered
upon the dismissal of the interpleader summons.

97 Neither _Hong Leong Bank_ nor _Tay Yok Swee_ , though “stage 1” cases,
involved the entry of summary judgment. In _Hong Leong Bank_ , the applicant
seeking relief was a bank with whom the first claimant (a company) had an
account. The bank received competing claims for control of the account from,
_inter alia_ , the company’s former board of directors and the company’s
shareholders, so it sought interpleader relief. The High Court of Kuala Lumpur
held that interpleader relief was not available since there was no real
foundation for the applicant’s avowed expectation that it would be sued by the
competing claimants. The court held that it was clear that the company was the
legal owner of the money in the account: not only was it the named account
holder, there were also several court orders which had affirmed this fact (see
_Hong Leong Bank_ at [13]). Having dismissed the interpleader summons, the
court, on the application of the bank, went to make a further order under O 17
r 8 for the bank to issue a banker’s cheque for the full amount in the account
in favour of the company. In _Tay Yok Swee_ , the Court of Appeal, having
found that interpleader relief was unavailable (see [71] above), held that the
one-third share of the surplus proceeds of sale belonged to the appellant and
that this sum should be paid to the Official Assignee since the appellant was
a bankrupt.

98 There are two important points to note about _Hong Leong Bank_ and _Tay Yok
Swee_. First, both concerned the issue of title: in the case of the former, it
was title to the money in a bank account; in the latter, it was the beneficial
interest to the surplus proceeds of sale. Second, the courts dismissed the
applications for interpleader relief because there were _no serious disputes
on the question of title_. In _Hong Leong Bank_ , the company was the named
account holder and therefore was the full legal owner of the money. In _Tay
Yok Swee_ , the appellant was named as the proprietor of a one-third share in
the indenture of mortgage and the competing claims did not relate to his
proprietary entitlement to the proceeds of sale (see [69] above). When these
two points are considered, it is clear that the court merely recognised the
consequences of its findings on the question of title. In _Hong Leong Bank_ ,
the company, as the full legal owner of the money in the account, was entitled
to have a banker’s cheque for the funds in the account made out in its favour,
with or without the assistance of an order of court. Similarly, in _Tay Yok
Swee_ , once the court found that the one-third share of the surplus proceeds
of sale belonged to the appellant, it followed, as a consequence, that it was
part of his estate and should be made available for distribution to all his
creditors in the bankruptcy process.

Should judgment on admission be granted?

99 During the oral hearing, I separately asked Mr Mohan and Mr Kuek of their
respective clients’ positions on the merits of the competing claims. Both of
them confirmed that their clients accepted that they were liable to the
respective OW entities with whom they had contracted and denied that they were
liable to the physical suppliers.[note: 59] Seizing on this, Mr Singh made an
oral application for judgment on admission to be entered against the
purchasers under O 27 r 3 of the ROC, which reads:[note: 60]

Where admissions of fact are made by a party to a cause or matter either by
his pleadings or otherwise, any other party to the cause or matter may apply
to the Court for such judgment or order as upon those admissions he may be
entitled to, without waiting for the determination of any other question
between the parties, and the Court may give such judgment, or make such order,
on the application as it thinks just.

Understandably, Mr Mohan and Mr Kuek both balked and immediately sought to
clarify that their responses were premised on a common understanding that the
Purchaser-Seller contracts were contracts for the sale of goods under the
SOGA. They clarified that, given Mr Singh’s submission that the SOGA did not
apply (see [81] above), their clients no longer accepted that they were liable
to the OW entities.[note: 61] They also reiterated that they might have
possible counterclaims against the sellers, though they did not specify what
these counterclaims might be.

100 While these eleventh hour developments raise interesting questions as to
the extent to which parties may be permitted to qualify or resile from their
earlier “admissions”, I do not have to decide this point. Ultimately, I am of
the view that the grant of judgment on admission is unavailable because there
is no “cause or matter” within the meaning of O 27 r 3 upon which judgment may
be granted. The expression “cause or matter” in O 27 r 3 contemplates that
there is a claim by one person against another in the context of a subsisting
suit or action _between the parties_ of which the court is seized of
jurisdiction. However, as noted at [20] above, the only question which arises
for determination at “stage 1” is whether the conditions precedent for
interpleader relief have been satisfied. At this stage, no party has been
impleaded and no legal liabilities fall for adjudication, these being “stage
2” concerns. Given that I have already held that this court does not have the
power of summary judgment at “stage 1”, it would be anomalous to now grant
judgment on admission on the legal merits of the competing claims.

101 Furthermore, it does not appear to me that Mr Kuek or Mr Mohan had made
any admissions of fact which are relevant to the sellers’ claim for the
purchase price of the bunkers. While the admissions relied on in an O 27 r 3
application can be made by counsel at proceedings (see _The State of Perak v
PRALM Muthukaruppan Chettiar_ [1938] MLJ 247 at 255 and 256), the statement
must still constitute “a clear admission of _all_ the facts necessary to
establish the cause of action and not merely evidence of some of the facts”
(see _Mycitydeal Ltd (trading as Groupon UK) and others v Villas International
Property Pte Ltd and others_ [2014] 4 SLR 1077 at [69]) [emphasis in
original]. The purported “admissions” made by Mr Kuek and Mr Mohan were
responses from the Bar to questions from the Bench as regards the _legal
positions_ of their respective clients. They have no bearing on the question
of whether the elements of the sellers’ claims have been made out and are
therefore not suitable for judgment on admission. Having said that, given that
the purchasers do not appear to be disputing the sellers’ claims and this
court’s finding that the claims by the physical suppliers do not even satisfy
the _prima facie_ case test, any resistance by the purchasers to pay the
sellers’ claims will inevitably engender the commencement of fresh legal
proceedings with obvious costs consequences.

Conclusion

102 In the result, the consolidated applications are dismissed because the
conditions precedent for interpleader relief have not been satisfied and I
decline to make any order in relation to the sellers’ substantive claims for
the purchase price of the bunkers.

Costs

103 Costs should follow the event. The physical suppliers who supported the
unsuccessful applications will bear their own costs save for the physical
supplier in OS 1164/2014, Golden Island Diesel Oil Trading Pte Ltd (“Golden
Island”). Golden Island never brought a claim against the purchaser and had
objected to the initiation of interpleader proceedings from the outset but Mr
Kuek only indicated his clients’ intention to withdraw OS 1164/2014 one week
before the oral hearing. Even though no submissions were filed, Golden Island
is still entitled to be indemnified for the costs it incurred in the filing of
affidavits, which I fix at $1,500 (inclusive of disbursements) to be paid by
the purchaser in OS 1164/2014, Stena Weco A/S.

104 The purchasers should bear the costs of the sellers as well as the
disbursements they have incurred. Before turning to the quantum, I first
observe that the sellers each prepared a single compendious set of submissions
in opposition to the consolidated applications (save for ING, which prepared
supplemental submissions for each summons in addition to a single set of
submissions which addressed the legal principles applicable to all). These
submissions addressed the points raised in support of interpleader relief,
irrespective of whether they were raised by Mr Mohan’s clients or by Mr
Kuek’s. Thus, the costs incurred by the sellers should be apportioned. During
the hearing on costs, Mr Mohan and Mr Eugene Cheng both helpfully agreed that
the costs, insofar as ING and OW Far East are concerned, should be apportioned
as follows: (a) 25 percent of the costs are to be borne by Mr Mohan’s clients,
the purchasers in OS 1076/2014; (b) the remaining 75 percent are to be borne
by the purchasers in the remaining applications. This apportionment does not
apply to DOT and OCM as they were not named as respondents in OS 1076/2014.

105 With that in mind, my costs orders (inclusive of disbursements) are as
follows:

(a) ING, Mr Goh, and Mr Chan (who were all represented by Mr Singh) are
awarded one set of costs which I fix at $36,000. In so doing, I am mindful
that there was no necessity for ING to have been added as a respondent in OS
1166/2014 and OS 1202/2014 and that ING had been awarded costs of $18,000 for
dismissal of a related interpleader summons in OS 1120 of 2014. $9,000 is to
be borne by the purchasers in OS 1076/2014. The remaining $27,000 is to be
borne jointly by the purchasers in the remaining applications.

(b) OW Far East is awarded costs which I fix at $10,000. $2,500 is to be borne
by the purchasers in OS 1076/2014. The remaining $7,500 is to be borne jointly
by the purchasers in OSes 1147, 1163, 1164, 1165, 1166, 1172, and 1173 of
2014.

(c) DOT is awarded costs which I also fix at $10,000. These costs are to be
borne jointly by the purchasers in OSes 1144, 1148, 1162, 1202, and 1205 of
2014.

(d) As OCM was only involved in one application, I fix costs at $5,000 to be
paid by the purchaser in OS 1202 of 2014.

* * *

[note: 1]Affidavit of Paul David Copley in OS 1076/2014 dated 10 April 2015
(“Paul David Copley’s Affidavit”) at paras 13–14.

[note: 2]Paul David Copley’s Affidavit at para 1.

[note: 3]Affidavit of Bob Yap Cheng Ghee in OS 1076 and 1205 of 2014 both
dated 10 April 2015 (“Bob Yap’s Affidavits”) at para 1.

[note: 4]Written Submissions of ING Bank NV on the Applicable Legal Principles
in OS 1076/2014 (“Mr Singh’s Submissions on the Law”) at para 11(d)(iii).

[note: 5]Minute Sheet of Steven Chong J dated 26 May 2015 (“Minute Sheet of
Chong J”) at p2, para 7; p 3, para 3.

[note: 6]See, _eg_ , the position taken by the purchasers in OS 1166/2014 as
disclosed in the affidavit of Ganesh, Bharath Ratnam in OS 1205/2014 dated 10
December 2014 (“Ganesh’s OS 1205 Affidavit”) at pp 19–22.

[note: 7]See, _eg_ :_OS 1076/2014_ : In respect of bunkers supplied to the
“Ploypailin Naree”, ING demanded payment of a sum of $295,059.30 for bunkers
supplied to the “Ploypailin Naree”; the physical supplier, Uni Petroleum Pte
Ltd, demanded a sum of $ 291,653.45: see Affidavit of Vasudevan Neelakantan in
OS 1076/2014 at paras 12 and 17; pp 39 and 40 _OS 1147/2014_ : ING demanded
payment of a sum of $339,235.51; the physical supplier, Universal Energy Pte
Ltd, demanded a sum of $ 333,988.92: see Affidavit of Ganesh, Bharath Ratnam
in OS 1147/2014 at paras 8 and 9._OS 1205/2014_ : ING demanded payment of a
sum of $485,685.12; the physical supplier, Sirius Marine Pte Ltd, demanded a
sum of $ 481,977.60: see Ganesh’s OS 1205 Affidavit at para 9 and at p 48.

[note: 8]Minute sheet of Steven Chong J at p 2, para 8.

[note: 9]Written Submissions of Precious Shipping Public Company Limited et
al. in OS 1076/2014 (“Mr Mohan’s Submissions”) and Skeletal Reply Submissions
of Precious Shipping Public Company Limited et al. in OS 1076/2014 (“Mr
Mohan’s Reply Submissions”).

[note: 10]Written Submissions of Rudder S.A.M. in OS 1205/2014 (“Mr Kuek’s
Submissions”).

[note: 11]Written Submissions of Uni Petroleum Pte Ltd in OS 1076/2014 (“Mr
Chua’s Submissions”).

[note: 12]Written Submissions of Sirius Marine Pte Ltd in OS 1205/2014 (“Mr
Ibrahim’s Submissions”).

[note: 13]Written Submissions of Global Energy Trading Pte Ltd in OS 1162/2014
(“Mr Loo’s Submissions”).

[note: 14]Mr Chua’s Submissions at paras 63–79; Mr Ibrahim’s submissions at
paras 32–56; Mr Loo’s submissions at paras 23–28.

[note: 15]Mr Ibrahim’s Submissions at paras 72–74; Mr Loo’s submissions at
para 29–33.

[note: 16]Mr Ibrahim’s Submissions at paras 93–97; Mr Chua’s submissions at
paras 88–90.

[note: 17]Mr Ibrahim’s submissions at paras 62–64.

[note: 18]Mr Ibrahim’s submissions at paras 98–112.

[note: 19]Mr Mohan’s submissions at paras 49 and 50.

[note: 20]Bob Yap’s Affidavits at para 4(b).

[note: 21]Minute Sheet of Chong J at p8, para 2.

[note: 22]Written Submissions of ING Bank NV on the Applicable Legal
Principles in OS 1076/2014 (“Mr Singh’s Submissions on the Law”).

[note: 23]Consolidated written submissions of OW Bunker Far East (Singapore)
Pte Ltd (“Mr Lim’s Submissions”).

[note: 24]Written Submissions of Dynamic Oil Trading (Singapore) Pte Ltd (in
creditors’ voluntary liquidation) in OS 1205/2014 (“Mr Ong’s submissions”).

[note: 25]Written Submissions of OceanConnect Marine Pte Ltd in OS 1202/2014
(“Mr Yee’s Submissions”).

[note: 26]Mr Singh’s Submissions at para 55–121; Mr Ong’s Submissions at para
28–31; Mr Lim’s Submissions at paras 19 and 20.

[note: 27]Mr Singh’s Submissions at para 20; Mr Ong’s Submissions at para 9;
Mr Lim’s Submissions at para 27 and 32; Mr Yee’s submissions at para 3.2.

[note: 28]Mr Mohan’s Reply Submissions at paras 21 and 48.

[note: 29]Mr Mohan’s Submissions at paras 94–102.

[note: 30]Mr Chua’s Submissions at para 59 and 60.

[note: 31]Mr Lim’s Submissions at 74.

[note: 32]Mr Kuek’s Submissions at paras 8–12.

[note: 33]Mr Lim’s Submissions at para 74.

[note: 34]Mr Singh’s Submissions on the Law at para 16(m).

[note: 35]Minute Sheet of Chong J at p 2, para 1.

[note: 36]Minute Sheet of Chong J at p3, para 5.

[note: 37]ING’s Core Bundle at Tab 6.

[note: 38]ING’s Core Bundle at Tabs 1 and 2.

[note: 39]Mr Chua’s submissions at para 88–90; Mr Ibrahim’s submissions at
paras 48–51.

[note: 40]ING’s Core Bundle at Tabs 7 and 8.

[note: 41]Mr Singh’s submissions on the law at paras 71(d)–74; Mr Ong’s
submissions at para 25.

[note: 42]ING’s Core Bundle at Tabs 1 and 2.

[note: 43]Mr Ibrahim’s submissions at paras 63 and 64.

[note: 44]Mr Ibrahim’s submissions at paras 100 and 112.

[note: 45]1st Affidavit of Ong Teck Chuan in OS 1076/2014 dated 10 April 2015
(“1st Affidavit of Ong Teck Chuan”) at p 44.

[note: 46]Mr Mohan’s submissions at para 49.

[note: 47]Mr Mohan’s reply submissions at paras 31–33.

[note: 48]Mr Chua’s Submissions at para 49 and 54; Mr Ibrahim’s submissions at
69; Mr Ong’s submissions at paras 9 and 10.

[note: 49]Mr Mohan’s submissions at para 52.

[note: 50]Mr Singh’s submissions on the law at para 16(e)–(g).

[note: 51]Mr Lim’s submissions at para 28.

[note: 52]Mr Kuek’s submissions at para 30.

[note: 53]Mr Mohan’s submissions at para 51; Mr Chua’s Submissions at para 49;
Mr Ong’s submissions at para 9; Mr Lim’s Submissions at para 31.

[note: 54]Mr Loo’s submissions at paras 34–38.

[note: 55]Aide Memoire of ING Bank N.V. (“Mr Singh’s Reply Submissions”) at
paras 53–59.

[note: 56]Mr Singh’s Submissions on the law at para 22–46.

[note: 57]Minute Sheet of Chong J at p2, para 6.

[note: 58]Mr Singh’s Submissions on the Law at para 45.

[note: 59]Minute Sheet of Chong J at p2, para 7; p 3, para 3.

[note: 60]Minute Sheet of Chong J at p 7, para 2.

[note: 61]Minute Sheet of Chong J at p 7, paras 4 and 8.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 21 Jul 2015 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

