Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Max Sources Pte Ltd _v_ Agrocon (S) Pte Ltd and another  
[2015] SGHCR 11

Case Number| :| Suit No 1155 of 2014 (Summons No 174 of 2015)  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 21 April 2015  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Colin Seow AR  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Mr Mohammad Haireez (Haridass Ho & Partners) for the
plaintiff; Mr Ong Ying Ping (OTP Law Corporation) (instructed) and Mr
Thangavelu (Thangavelu LLC) for the defendants.  
Parties| :|  Max Sources Pte Ltd — Agrocon (S) Pte Ltd and another  
  
21 April 2015| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Colin Seow AR:

Introduction

1 This is an application for summary judgment (“O 14 application”) taken out
by Max Sources Pte Ltd (“the Plaintiff”) against Agrocon (S) Pte Ltd (“the 1st
Defendant”) and Mr Ramiah Kumanaruban (“the 2nd Defendant”), on the basis of
an alleged settlement agreement entered into between the parties.

Background

2 The Plaintiff and the 1st Defendant are Singapore-incorporated companies
engaged in the business of general wholesale trade. The 2nd Defendant is at
all material times the sole director and sole shareholder of the 1st
Defendant.

3 The Plaintiff has commenced Suit No 1155 of 2014 against both the Defendants
claiming a sum of $378,578.87 (before interest and costs), being the amount
due and payable by the Defendants pursuant to an alleged settlement agreement
(“the alleged Settlement Agreement”) entered into between the parties sometime
in March 2014. The alleged Settlement Agreement reads as follows:

MAX SOURCES PTE LTD

61 Bukit Batok Crescent Hex 02-05

Heng Loong Building Singapore 658078

Date:- 03/03/2014

I, Kumanaruban (Director of Agrocon (S) Pte Ltd), [identity number redacted]
confirm hereby that I owe Max sources pte ltd SGD378578

(three hundred seventy eight Thousand five hundred and seventy eight dollars
Only).

I am issuing my company Agrocon S pte ltd cheques to Max sources pte ltd. I
will pay to Max sources as per mentioned here under.

30th March 2014 SGD15000 OCBC Chq number 875949

25th April 2014 SGD 20,000 OCBC Chq number 875950

20th May 2014 SGD 65000 OCBC Chq 875951 or 5c supply of 5% broken rice IR64 at
the rate mutually agreeable. As soon as cargo arrive and released to Max
sources account, Max sources will issue SGD20,000 cheque to Agrocon S pte ltd,
Cheque will only be issued once cargo is released to Max sources account.

20th June 2014 SGD65000 ocbc chq 875952 or 5c supply of 5% broken rice IR64 at
the rate mutually agreeable.

20 July 2014 SGD65000 ocbc chq875953 or 5c supply of 5% broken rice IR64 at
the rate mutually agreeable.

28 August 2014 SGD65000 Ocbc chq 875954 or 5c supply of 5% broken rice IR64 at
the rate mutually agreeable.

20 September 2014 SGD 65000 ocbc chq875955 or 5c supply of 5% broke swarna or
IR 64 at the rate mutually agreeable.

15th October 2014 SGD18,578.00 OCBC Chq 875956.

Cheques will be kept as guarantee till cargo is supplied of acceptable
quality. Once cargo is supplied cheques will be returned back to Kumanaruban
and/or Agrocon S pte ltd. Incase cargo is not supplied to max sources, Max
sources will reserve right to bank in cheque and onus goes to Kumanaruban
and/or Agrocon S pte ltd to clear the cheques. One week grace period will be
given if necessary to Agrocon before on the date of cheque due date to honour
cheque and keep sufficient balance into their bank account. In the Event Cargo
is not supplied and/or Cheques are also not honoured Max sources pte ltd has
right to claim this legally along with interest as per Singapore regulation.

Its Upto Max sources pte ltd whether they want cheque or supply of commodity
rice and/or sugar.

Cargo will be supplied before 15th of each month and cheque to be dated also
of the same date every month 15th of that particular month.

Thanks & Regards

[signed]

Rasia Kumanaruban

[identity number redacted]

Shareholder/Director/Personal capacity.

4 The Defendants have denied the Plaintiff’s claim in its entirety. Before me,
Mr Ong Ying Ping who is instructed counsel for the Defendants has sought to
resist the O 14 application by casting doubts over the Plaintiff’s case that
the alleged Settlement Agreement was a genuine and valid settlement agreement
between the parties. In doing so, Mr Ong has advanced broadly four strands of
argument which may be summarised as follows.

5 First, Mr Ong submits that there is no reference to any dispute between the
parties to be found in the alleged Settlement Agreement. Speaking from his
experience as a lawyer who has dealt with a fair number of compromise
agreements in practice, Mr Ong points out that this is unusual and should
accordingly be taken into consideration by the court in determining whether a
settlement agreement truly exists in the present case.

6 Second, in the Statement of Claim, the Plaintiff claims that the alleged
Settlement Agreement had arisen out of a dispute in relation to an oral
profit-sharing agreement (“the Underlying Oral Agreement”) which was entered
into between the Plaintiff and _both_ the Defendants for the execution of the
sale and purchase of white long grain rice between Singapore and Batam,
Indonesia.[note: 1] However, the Defendants in their Defence allege that the
Underlying Oral Agreement was a sham transaction created by one Mr Ravi
Shankar (a director of the Plaintiff) (“Ravi”) in order for him (Ravi) to
deceive his wife and co-director, one Mdm Tilokani Bharti Murlidhar
(“Bharti”), into “thinking [that] the profit-sharing transactions were made
with the 1st Defendant” when “[i]n fact, the transactions were made between
[Ravi] and other parties in Batam, Indonesia, including a company known as PT
Maxal Management”.[note: 2] In other words, the Defendants are asserting that
the 2nd Defendant was never involved in his personal capacity in any business
transactions under the Underlying Oral Agreement. As such, Mr Ong argues that
there is no reasonable explanation as to “why the 2nd Defendant should issue
[the alleged Settlement Agreement] in his “ _personal capacity_ ”” (emphasis
in original) unless he was providing a personal guarantee to the Plaintiff,
which Mr Ong adds is “incredibly curious” in the present case.[note: 3]

7 At this juncture, I should also add that the 2nd Defendant has raised some
further allegations in the present O 14 application with the intent to impugn
the alleged Settlement Agreement. In the 2nd Defendant’s first show cause
affidavit, it was alleged, _inter alia_ , that:

(a) the 2nd Defendant signed the alleged Settlement Agreement because Bharti
had threatened the safety of him and his family;[note: 4] and

(b) in any event, the 2nd Defendant was under the impression that he was
signing the alleged Settlement Agreement only on behalf of the 1st
Defendant.[note: 5]

8 The third pillar of Mr Ong’s submission is that the amount claimed pursuant
to the alleged Settlement Agreement fails to tally with the documentary
evidence of the invoices disclosed so far in the proceedings. As such, Mr Ong
contends that this constitutes yet another anomalous factor surrounding the
alleged Settlement Agreement that raises a triable issue as to whether the
alleged Settlement Agreement is in fact a genuine compromise arrived at by the
parties.

9 Lastly, Mr Ong argues that even if this court is not persuaded that any
triable issue has been raised in the present case, the case should nonetheless
still proceed to trial under the alternative limb provided in O 14 r 3(1) of
the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5) (“Rules of Court”), _viz._ on the ground
that “there ought for some other reason to be a trial”. To support this
argument, Mr Ong refers to the English authority of _Miles v Bull_ [1969] 1 QB
258 at 265-266 which has been applied locally by the High Court in
_Concentrate Engineering Pte Ltd v United Malayan Banking Corp Bhd_ [1990] 1
SLR(R) 465; and in reference to the present case, Mr Ong argues that (a) there
has been certain unconscionable practices on the part of Ravi and/or the
Plaintiff in undercutting the selling price of the rice under Underlying Oral
Agreement,[note: 6] and (b) “[t]o allow the Plaintiffs to obtain judgment
after such unconscionable behavior – which effectively prevented [_inter
alia_] the Defendants […] from selling the rice would be unjust, and would
fall under “for some other reason to be trial of that claim” under Ord 14 r
3(1)”.[note: 7]

10 Against the Defendants’ submissions, counsel for the Plaintiff, Mr Mohammad
Haireez, submits, _inter alia_ , that the Defendants are making an
impermissible attempt to revisit the merits of the underlying dispute between
the parties, as the parties have already agreed to settle their dispute via
the alleged Settlement Agreement. Mr Mohammad Haireez also argues that the 2nd
Defendant’s allegations of duress and misimpression with respect to his
signing of the alleged Settlement Agreement (see [7] above) should be
disregarded in this O 14 application because these are matters not previously
pleaded in the Defence. It is also submitted that the unpleaded allegations
are devoid of merit in any event.

Issues before the court

11 In the course of submissions, it became apparent to me that the following
are the issues pertinent to the present O 14 application:

(a) whether the Plaintiff has successfully established a _prima facie_ case
that the alleged Settlement Agreement is a valid settlement agreement, and if
so whether sufficient cause has been shown by the Defendants as to why summary
judgment should not be entered against them;

(b) if the alleged Settlement Agreement has not been established as such,
whether summary judgment could still be entered against the Defendants on the
basis that the alleged Settlement Agreement nevertheless represents an
admission of liability by the Defendants; and

(c) if leave to defend is ultimately granted in favour of the Defendants,
whether such leave to defend should be conditional or unconditional.

12 I will address each of these issues in sequence.

The decision

Whether the Plaintiff has successfully established a prima facie case that the
alleged Settlement Agreement is a valid settlement agreement

13 From the outset, I thought I should first address the Plaintiff’s
contention that the Defendants should not be allowed in the present proceeding
to revisit the merits of the underlying dispute between the parties, given the
existence of the alleged Settlement Agreement (see [10] above).

14 In determining an O 14 application where a settlement agreement exists, it
is true that a court will generally not look beyond the four corners of the
settlement agreement since the settlement agreement alone would govern the
legal rights and obligations between the parties thereto. In _Ling Yew Kong v
Teo Vin Li Richard_ [2014] 2 SLR 123 at [89] (“ _Ling Yew Kong v Teo Vin Li
Richard_ ”), George Wei JC has outlined an analytical framework in this regard
as follows:

89 I pause now to take stock and emphasise the principles of law, and propose
a suitable framework to analyse them in. Drawing from the cases I have
discussed above, I find that these principles are helpful in deciding whether
or not a party should be allowed to impugn a settlement agreement:

(a) Where parties have agreed to resolve their dispute amicably by way of a
validly formed settlement, the settlement agreement _alone_ governs the
parties’ legal relationship in the absence of […] vitiating factors […]

(b) Because the settlement agreement _alone_ governs the parties’ legal
relationship, _prima facie_ , parties should not be allowed to rely on
anything outside of this legal relationship in attempting to impugn the
settlement agreement. This would mean any disputed legal issues (supposedly
settled) would have no, or at the most little, bearing on the legality or
formation of the settlement agreement.

(c) A settlement agreement is ultimately premised on the law of contract.
There is a _limited_ scope for the court to determine whether the terms of the
compromise are fair and reasonable in deciding whether the settlement
agreement should not be enforced. This limited scope includes grounds by which
normal contracts are usually challenged, such as because of duress,
illegality, _etc_.

(d) Therefore, a party arguing to set aside or challenge the settlement
agreement must satisfy the court that such grounds exist, before the
settlement agreement will be set aside.

[emphasis in original]

15 However, as can be gleaned from [89(a)] of the learned Judicial
Commissioner’s holding in _Ling Yew Kong v Teo Vin Li Richard_ , the
analytical framework seems to be predicated on there being a “validly formed
settlement” in the first place. This means that it might have been envisaged
that whenever a case arises in which the _formation_ of an alleged settlement
agreement is being challenged, the party raising the challenge may rely on
factors not strictly falling within the four corners of the alleged settlement
agreement – although I imagine that if this were indeed to be the correct
position to take, the reliance on such factors must only be to such extent as
is relevant and necessary for that party to advance its case for that special
and specific purpose. In this connection, I will further add that in every
such case an appropriate adverse costs order would almost invariably be made
by the court if the challenge is shown to be frivolous or vexatious. This is
so as to properly compensate the party seeking to enforce the compromise for
any prejudice it might have suffered as a result of the conduct of the party
raising the challenge.

16 With that, I turn to consider whether in the present O 14 application a
_prima facie_ case has been made out that there exists a valid settlement
agreement between the Plaintiff and the Defendants.

17 In my judgment, I do not think it to be an overstatement to say that the
alleged Settlement Agreement relied upon by the Plaintiff does seem to lack in
some respect a resemblance to the types of written compromise agreements
commonly encountered in practice (see [5] above). This however does not
necessarily mean that no valid settlement agreement actually exists _in
substance_ between the parties. In my view, the question as to whether a valid
settlement agreement in fact exists is one that calls for a much more involved
assessment of the finer details in the evidence of the present case, such that
the question is better suited to be answered by a Judge in a trial as opposed
to in an O 14 proceeding. This is notwithstanding that some semblance of a
promise by the 1st Defendant and/or the 2nd Defendant to take responsibility
for and to make good a debt constituting the subject of an ongoing dispute
between the Plaintiff and the Defendants appears to be discernible from a
facial reading of the alleged Settlement Agreement (see [3] above), because
until such time as fuller evidence are tendered and tested under the rigours
of a trial, doubt remains as to why such a promise might have come about in
the first place (see [6] above).

18 Furthermore, from a contract law perspective, it is not entirely clear
whether there was sufficient consideration provided by all the relevant
parties in order to support the formation of a compromise agreement between
the parties. In the seminal text of David Foskett, _The Law and Practice of
Compromise_ (7ed, Sweet & Maxwell, 2010), the learned author wrote (at para
3-01):

_Since a compromise is merely a contract, the ordinary principles of contract
law apply with as much force as in other contractual contexts_. Under the
ordinary law a contract will not be found to have arisen unless:

(i) _consideration exists_ ;

(ii) an agreement can be identified which is complete and certain;

(iii) the parties intend to create legal relations; and

(iv) in some cases, certain formalities have been observed.

[emphasis added]

19 On the requirement of consideration, the learned author continued (at paras
3-02, 3-11 and 3-12):

The usual approach to consideration under the general law is to define it as
the accrual of some benefit to one party or the suffering of some detriment by
the other. Consideration may consist of the exchange of mutual promises or the
performance by one party of an act in return for a promise by the other to do
some act. In standard terminology, consideration must “move from the
promisee”.

[…]

From the authorities already referred to, it would seem that a forbearance
from pursuing a claim (a) known by the claimant to be baseless; or (b) which
is vexatious or frivolous would constitute no consideration for a compromise
based upon it. Equally, a forbearance to pursue an illegal claim, for example,
one made illegal by statute, would represent no consideration. So too a
forbearance which itself is prohibited by law or is contrary to public policy
is no consideration.

[…]

The general law of contract provides that past consideration is no
consideration unless given at the request of the promisor. _It has already
been noted that an actual forbearance to sue will constitute consideration
only if afforded at the request of the debtor. Thus, an actual abstention from
pursuing an existing debt will be good consideration for some promise of the
debtor, for example, to give security for it, only if it results from some
express or implied request therefor_.

[emphasis added]

20 In the present case, it appears that the Plaintiff is asserting that the
consideration it has provided came in the form of its _actual_ forbearance to
sue the Defendants. The material part of the Plaintiff’s Statement of Claim
reads as follows:[note: 8]

In full and final settlement of the underlying dispute arising out of the
Contract _and in consideration of the Plaintiffs forbearing to sue forthwith_
, parties agreed to settle on or about 3 March 2014 [by way of the alleged
Settlement Agreement]. [emphasis added]

21 However, there is nothing concrete that can be drawn from the evidence
gathered so far which indicates that the Plaintiff’s forbearance to sue was in
fact afforded _at the request of the Defendants_ (see [19] above). In my
opinion, it would not be safe for this court to make any positive finding
either way on whether the requirement of consideration in respect of the
alleged Settlement Agreement has in fact been met. If anything at all, I am of
the view that such a finding should rightly be reserved for determination by a
Judge at trial after all relevant evidence are disclosed.

22 In sum, I find that the Plaintiff has failed to establish a _prima facie_
case of a valid settlement agreement so as to shift the burden over to the
Defendants to show cause as to why summary judgment should not be entered in
the present case.

Whether summary judgment could still be entered against the Defendants on the
basis that the alleged Settlement Agreement represents an admission of
liability by the Defendants

23 It was mentioned earlier that the alleged Settlement Agreement does appear
to evince some promise made by the 1st Defendant and/or the 2nd Defendant to
take responsibility for and to make good a debt that was due and owing to the
Plaintiff (see [17] above). To that extent, I am prepared to accept that the
Plaintiff appears to have a _prima facie_ case against the Defendants on the
basis of an admission of liability. The question that thus needs to be
addressed is whether judgment may be entered against the Defendants on that
basis.

24 For good measure, it should be noted that O 27 r 3 of the Rules of Court
provides for judgment to be entered against a party to an action on the basis
of an admission of fact, and in that regard an admission by way of a letter
before or after an action is brought may fall within the scope of O 27 r 3 of
the Rules of Court (see _Singapore Civil Procedure 2015_ vol I (GP Selvam gen
ed) (Sweet & Maxwell Asia, 2014) at para 27/3/4). O 27 r 3 provides:

**Judgment on admission of facts** (O.27, r.3)

**3.** Where admissions of fact are made by a party to a cause or matter
either by his pleadings or otherwise, any other party to the cause or matter
may apply to the Court for such judgment or order as upon those admissions he
may be entitled to, without waiting for the determination of any other
question between the parties, and the Court may give such judgment, or make
such order, on the application as it thinks just.

25 In the course of his submissions, Mr Mohammad Haireez has hinted at the
possibility of a judgment being entered in the alternative on the basis of the
admission reflected in the alleged Settlement Agreement, although I do not
recall him making specific reference to O 27 r 3 of the Rules of Court. The
reason for his not doing so, I can only surmise, may well be that he saw no
practical distinction to be drawn between O 14 and O 27 r 3 for the purposes
of the present proceeding, since an order entering judgment pursuant to one
would effectively achieve the same result as an order entering judgment
pursuant to the other.

26 On the part of the Defendants on the other hand, perhaps in an effort to
pre-empt this potential alternative ground for entering judgment in the
Plaintiff’s favour, the 2nd Defendant has included some allegations in his
show cause affidavit to raise questions pertaining to his state of mind during
the signing of the alleged Settlement Agreement. In this last regard, it has
been noted that the 2nd Defendant stated in his affidavit that he has signed
the alleged Settlement Agreement under threat (see [7(a)] above), and that in
any event he was under the impression that he was signing the alleged
Settlement Agreement only on behalf of the 1st Defendant (see [7(b)] above).
Against this, Mr Mohammad Haireez in his submissions contends that since these
allegations have not been pleaded in the Defence, they should not be taken
into account by the court in deciding the outcome of the present application
(see [10] above). I agree.

27 It is the settled position in Singapore that, subject to very limited
exceptions, a fresh defence that has not been pleaded cannot be relied on by a
defendant in an O 14 proceeding. In _Olivine Capital Pte Ltd and another v
Chia Chin Yan and another matter_ [2014] 2 SLR 1371 (“ _Olivine Capital Pte
Ltd v Chia Chin Yan_ ”), the Court of Appeal held (at [43]):

43 […] a fresh defence that has not been pleaded cannot be relied on by the
defendant in O 14 proceedings _unless_ the defence is amended or _unless_ the
case is an exceptional one where the court concerned is of the view that there
are good reasons to permit reliance on such a fresh defence (for instance, if
the fresh defence strikes at the heart of the court’s powers, as was the case
in [_Poh Soon Kiat v Desert Palace Inc_ [2010] 1 SLR 1129]). […] [emphasis in
original]

28 The Court explained the rationale behind its holding as follows (at [41]):

41 […] As Woo J pointed out [in _Lim Leong Huat v Chip Hup Hup Kee
Construction Pte Ltd_ [2008] 2 SLR(R) 786], if a defendant is not bound by his
pleadings in O 14 proceedings, it could lead to an absurd situation. _A
defendant could succeed in resisting O 14 proceedings on the basis of an
unpleaded defence. If an amendment to the defence to include that unpleaded
defence is subsequently disallowed, the defendant will not be able to rely on
the unpleaded defence at trial, with the potential result that he would have
no arguable defence. This paradoxically means that summary judgment should
have been entered in the plaintiff’s favour in the first place._ This would
undermine the _raison d'être_ of O 14, which is precisely the expeditious
resolution of cases which do not require a full-blown trial. [emphasis added]

29 In the present case, there has been no application taken out by the
Defendants to amend their Defence so as to include the hitherto unpleaded
allegations that they are seeking to rely on in the present proceeding (see
[26] above). Neither have the Defendants demonstrated to my satisfaction that
this is an exceptional case where there are good reasons to permit their
reliance on such unpleaded defences. All that the Defendants have done in the
present case was merely to cite an earlier High Court decision of _PMA Credit
Opportunities Fund and others v Tantono Tiny (representatives of the estate of
Lim Susanto, deceased)_ [2011] 3 SLR 1021 (“ _PMA Credit Opportunities Fund v
Tantono Tiny_ ”) before putting forth their unelaborated conclusion that “the
law as it stands is that in an O 14 application, the defendant is not
restricted to raising matters that are confined to the four corners of the
defence”.[note: 9]

30 To my mind, the Defendants in doing so have advanced nothing of material
consequence, other than to invite this court to compare and consider the
result in _PMA Credit Opportunities Fund v Tantono Tiny_ where the High Court
held that the defendant was not precluded from raising an unpleaded defence in
an O 14 proceeding. However, as noted above, _PMA Credit Opportunities Fund v
Tantono Tiny_ was an earlier High Court decision to _Olivine Capital Pte Ltd v
Chia Chin Yan_. It is furthermore patent from the High Court’s reasoning at
[30]-[33] in _PMA Credit Opportunities Fund v Tantono Tiny_ that it had
arrived at its decision there only because it considered itself bound by the
Court of Appeal’s decision in _Poh Soon Kiat v Desert Palace Inc_ [2010] 1 SLR
1129 (“ _Poh Soon Kiat v Desert Palace Inc_ ”). But as can be gleaned from the
Court of Appeal’s subsequent decision in _Olivine Capital Pte Ltd v Chia Chin
Yan_ , the holding in _Poh Soon Kiat v Desert Palace Inc_ has been
distinguished.

31 Given my view that nothing of material consequence has been raised by the
Defendants to permit their reliance on the unpleaded defences mentioned above,
I hold that the unpleaded defences should be disregarded for the purposes of
the present proceeding.

32 Having said that, I nevertheless find in my ultimate analysis that this is
not a proper case for judgment to be entered on the basis of an alleged
admission of liability. The main reason is because it is not entirely clear to
me in what capacity the 2nd Defendant has signed the alleged Settlement
Agreement. On the one hand, the 2nd Defendant’s designation as director of the
1st Defendant was inscribed next to his name in the opening sentence of the
alleged Settlement Agreement (see [3] above). However on the other hand, in
that same sentence it was also stated that the 2nd Defendant “confirm[s]
hereby that _I_ owe Max sources pte ltd SGD378578” (emphasis added).
Subsequent references to the 1st Defendant and the 2nd Defendant in the
alleged Settlement Agreement, and the 2nd Defendant’s signing off as
“Shareholder/Director/Personal capacity” at the bottom thereof, only serve to
further obscure the true position in this regard. On balance, I therefore do
not consider entering any form of judgment at this relatively early stage of
the proceedings to be a safe and wise thing to do, as there are clearly issues
that ought to be tried before a Judge.

33 Before I leave this issue entirely, I will for completeness add that had I
found no triable issue in the present case, I would have rejected the
Defendants’ argument that the case should nonetheless go for trial on the
basis that “there ought for some other reason to be a trial” under the
alternative limb provided in O 14 r 3(1) of the Rules of Court (see [9]
above). In _Ling Yew Kong v Teo Vin Li Richard_ (see [13] above), the court
held (at [33]):

33 In deciding whether leave to defend should be granted, the court is also
reminded that leave to defend is to be granted not simply in cases where there
appears to be a fair case for defence but also where there is "some other
reason" for a trial. _Whilst the latter words are of wide scope, ordinarily,
it is suggested, there should be some connection between the "other reason"
and the substantive merits of the Plaintiff's claim._ Tricky questions can
arise where the reason (or even the main reason) why the Defendant wants a
trial is because of publicity. That said,  _Selvam on Singapore Civil
Procedure_ at para 14/4/6 gives the example of a decision where the
plaintiff's case tended to show that he had acted harshly or unconscionably
and it is thought desirable that if he were to get judgment at all it should
be in the full light of publicity (citing  _Bank für Gemeinwirtschaft v City
of London Garages Ltd_ [1971] 1 All ER 541 at 548). Yet another example cited
was the decision of Chan Sek Keong J (as he then was) in  _Concentrate
Engineering Pte Ltd v United Malayan Banking Corp Bhd_ [1990] 1 SLR(R) 465.
The latter was a case where the evidence showed a bold and unusual scheme to
defraud by use of apparently forged cheques. In these circumstances, the
defendant bank suspected that someone inside the plaintiff was involved. The
decision of Chan Sek Keong J was that the sheer audacity of the sophisticated
fraud and the absence of explanation by the plaintiff's directors was "some
other reason" for a trial. That said, it does not follow that leave to defend
is always appropriate simply because there are background criminal
investigations or that the defendant needs more time. _Each case for summary
judgment must, of course, turn on its own facts. Where it is clear that there
is no defence, the fact that the court disapproves of the general behaviour of
the Plaintiff or parties is not a reason to deny summary judgment. The
position will be different if the unconscionable conduct of the Plaintiff
opens the door to a possible defence_. [emphasis added]

34 Looking at the evidence placed before me at this stage of the proceedings,
I find no solid affirmative ground to support a finding of unconscionable
conduct on the part of the Plaintiff and/or Ravi as alleged by the Defendants
(see [9] above), not least also because those allegations have either been
denied or not admitted to by the Plaintiff and Ravi.[note: 10] In any case,
the Defendants’ allegation of unconscionable conduct at best merely purports
to cast aspersions on the general behaviour of the Plaintiff and/or Ravi
without further demonstrating in any substantive manner how the alleged
unconscionable conduct may open the door to a possible defence to the
Plaintiff’s action. In the result, I fail to see how there might be “some
other reason” for there to be a trial in the present case.

Whether leave to defend should be conditional or unconditional

35 This thus brings me to the final issue at hand: whether leave to defend
should be granted to the Defendants with any conditions imposed.

36 The law on the grant of conditional leave to defend is well established and
need not be belaboured in this judgment (see _Singapore Civil Procedure 2015_
vol I (GP Selvam gen ed) (Sweet & Maxwell Asia, 2014) at para 14/4/12).
Applying the applicable legal principles to the present case, conditional
leave to defend is in my view warranted as I find the Defendants’ defence to
be rather “shadowy” (see _eg_ , _Van Lynn Developments Ltd v Pelias
Construction Co Ltd_ [1969] 1 QB 607; _Mohd Zain bin Abdullah v Chimbuso
International Petroleum (Singapore) Pte Ltd and another appeal_ [2014] 2 SLR
446). My reasons for holding this view are as follows.

37 First, while I have considered it unsafe to enter any form of judgment in
favour of the Plaintiff at this stage given the uncertainty over the true
capacity in which the 2nd Defendant has signed the alleged Settlement
Agreement (see [32] above), I have also noted earlier (albeit with some doubt)
that the alleged Settlement Agreement does on its face appear to embody some
form of promise by the 1st Defendant and/or the 2nd Defendant to take
responsibility for and to make good a debt that was due and owing to the
Plaintiff (see [17] above).

38 Second, the Defendants’ attempt to rely on unpleaded defences in order to
impugn the 2nd Defendant’s signing of the alleged Settlement Agreement has
been held to be impermissible (see [27]-[31] above). This significantly sets
the Defendants back in terms of the overall content and substance of the case
which they have advanced before me in resisting the Plaintiff’s O 14
application.

39 Third, but not least importantly, the evidence tendered before me reveal
that a letter appears to have been issued by SK Kumar Law Practice LLP on
behalf of the 1st Defendant shortly after the 2nd Defendant signed the alleged
Settlement Agreement. The contents of that letter read as follows:[note: 11]

1\. We act for M/s Agrocon (S) Pte Ltd [_ie_ , the 1st Defendant].

2\. Our clients are clear – they do not owe you $378,578 as they had and were
made to believe.

3\. _Their calculation is that a much reduced amount alone may be due and
owing_.

4\. Accordingly, all the earlier cheques issued would have to be
countermanded.

5\. _In all these circumstances, please do not bank in the cheques as our
clients will revert with the actual amount due and owing to you_.

[emphasis added]

40 I have gathered a sense in the course of oral submissions by Mr Mohammad
Haireez and Mr Ong that this letter will most probably be a subject of heavy
contestation in the event of a trial of the Plaintiff’s action. As such, I am
conscious that any substantive comment that I may make at this stage of the
proceedings in respect of this piece of documentary evidence may not be the
most helpful in the event of trial. But suffice it for me to state for the
purposes of the present application that the contents of the said letter do
appear to make it seem as if the Defendants will likely have to bear a heavier
evidential burden if the Plaintiff’s action were to indeed proceed to trial.
This, together with the two other factors mentioned, convinces me that the
Defendants’ defence at the current stage of the proceedings seems to rest on
rather precarious and shaky ground, and accordingly I find that conditional
leave to defend is justified in the present case.

Conclusion

41 In conclusion, I order that leave be granted to the Defendants to defend
the Plaintiff’s action in Suit No 1155 of 2014, but on the condition that the
Defendants shall each within 21 days hereof either (a) pay a sum of $50,000
into court, (b) furnish to the Plaintiff a banker’s guarantee for a sum of
$50,000 and on terms which are satisfactory to the Plaintiff, or (c) obtain
and provide a solicitor’s undertaking to the court to secure the payment of a
sum of $50,000 to the Plaintiff in the event that the Plaintiff’s action is
allowed, in default of which the Plaintiff shall be entitled to enter judgment
against the defaulting party forthwith without any further order from this
court.

42 In arriving at the condition imposed above, I have taken the view that,
relative to the principal sum claimed by the Plaintiff in its action (see [3]
above), the total sum of $100,000 is a fair amount to be required of the
Defendants for them to demonstrate their commitment to their claimed defence
(_cf_. _Abdul Salam Asanaru Pillai (trading as South Kerala Cashew Exporters)
v Nomanbhoy & Sons Pte Ltd_ [2007] 2 SLR(R) 856 at [44]).

43 For the avoidance of doubt, nothing in my judgment shall prejudice the
right of the Defendants to take out an appropriate application to amend their
Defence at a later time, except that the condition I have imposed in [41]
above shall survive all subsequent amendments made to the parties’ pleadings.

44 I will hear parties on the issue of costs.

* * *

[note: 1]Statement of Claim (filed on 31 October 2014) at para 5.

[note: 2]Defence of the 1st and 2nd Defendants (filed on 19 November 2014) at
para 5.

[note: 3]Defendants’ Written Submissions (filed on 16 March 2015) at para 10.

[note: 4]2nd Defendant’s affidavit (27 January 2015) at para 15.

[note: 5]2nd Defendant’s affidavit (27 January 2015) at para 16.

[note: 6]Tony Suryamin’s affidavit (filed on 28 January 2015) at para 5.

[note: 7]Defendants’ Written Submissions (filed on 16 March 2015) at para 39.

[note: 8]Statement of Claim (filed on 31 October 2014) at para 7.

[note: 9]Defendants’ Written Submissions (filed on 16 March 2015) at para 34.

[note: 10]Tilokani Bharti Murlidhar’s affidavit (filed on 11 February 2015);
Ravi Shakar’s affidavit (filed on 11 March 2015).

[note: 11]2nd Defendant’s affidavit (filed on 28 January 2015) at pp 46-47.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 21 Apr 2015 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

