Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  PT Sariwiguna Binasentosa _v_ Sindo Damai Shipping Ltd and others  
[2015] SGHC 195

Case Number| :| Suit No 345 of 2015 (Summons No 1659 of 2015)  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 27 July 2015  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Choo Han Teck J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Leong Kah Wah and Lim Zhi Ming, Max(Rajah & Tann
Singapore LLP) for the plaintiff; Tan Boon Yong Thomas and Ernita Osman
(Haridass Ho & Partners) for the first to seventh defendants.  
Parties| :|  PT Sariwiguna Binasentosa — Sindo Damai Shipping Ltd and others  
  
27 July 2015| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Choo Han Teck J:

1 The plaintiff is an Indonesian tin mining and exporting company. Around
September 2014, the plaintiff contracted to sell four parcels of tin ingots to
Uni Bros Metal Pte Ltd (“Uni Bros”). Shortly after, the plaintiff engaged the
services of the first defendant, a Singapore shipping company to ship the
parcels of tin ingots from Indonesia to Singapore under four bills of lading
that were issued by the latter.

2 The second to sixth defendants are the directors of the first defendant,
with the exception of the fifth defendant who resigned from the board on 20
February 2015. On the defendants’ account, only the third defendant, who is
the managing director, is involved in the day to day operations of the first
defendant. The others are non-executive directors. The seventh defendant is
not a director of the first defendant but is employed as its assistant general
manager.

3 The cargoes of tin ingots were shipped by the first defendant for the
plaintiff from Balam, Indonesia to Singapore as contracted, in four separate
shipments from November 2014 to February 2015. Without the plaintiff’s
knowledge, the first defendant shipped the first parcel of ingot (“the first
parcel”) to Songkhla, Thailand on 2 December 2014. For reasons that are not
clear at this stage, the defendant’s destination agent in Thailand, N&N
Forwarding Services Co Ltd (“N&N”), released the first parcel to a company,
Thai Smelting and Refining Co Ltd (“Thaisarco”) sometime in December 2014.
Thaisarco is supposedly the party that had contracted to buy tin ingots from
Uni Bros, who had in turn contracted to buy the same from the plaintiff.

4 The plaintiff discovered this only on 2 March 2015. After the defendants
failed to comply with its demand for the return of the remaining three parcels
that was still in the possession of the first defendant, the plaintiff
commenced Suit 345 of 2015 on 10 April 2015 against the first to sixth
defendants for:

(a) The conversion or mis-delivery of the first parcel that was shipped under
the first bill of lading even though the plaintiff at no point presented the
bill of lading.

(b) The conversion, detinue, as well as wrongful interference, of the
plaintiff’s rights to the remaining parcels of tin ingots shipped under three
other bills of lading that had also been issued by the defendant.

5 Concurrently, the plaintiff filed Summons No 1659 of 2015, in which it seeks
an injunction to compel the defendants to deliver up the cargoes under three
of the bills of lading as well as a Mareva injunction against all the
defendants. On 29 April 2015, I ordered that the first defendant is to deliver
up the cargoes, upon payment by the plaintiff of freight charges into court. I
made no order as to the prayer on Mareva injunction but gave the plaintiff
liberty to apply.

6 Subsequently, the plaintiff applied for the prayer on Mareva injunction to
be heard again and for leave to include the seventh defendant, who had been
added to the main action on 10 June 2015, in the summons. The question now
before me is whether I should grant the plaintiff’s application for a domestic
Mareva injunction to be issued against all the defendants.

7 Mr Leong Kah Wah, counsel for the plaintiff accepts that an order for a
Mareva injunction is not lightly granted. The plaintiff must show that (a) a
valid cause of action over which the court has jurisdiction; (b) a good
arguable case; (c) the defendant has assets within the jurisdiction; and (d)
there is a real risk that the assets may be disposed of or dissipated so that
any judgment which the plaintiff obtain cannot be enforced.

8 The risk of dissipation is an important factor. Mr Leong, submitted that
there is a real risk that the defendants will dissipate their assets and that
this may be shown by producing evidence that the defendant has previously
acted in a way which shows that his probity is not to be relied on. He relied
on the High Court case of _Spectramed Pte Ltd v Lek Puay Puay & Ors_ [2010]
SGHC 112 (“ _Spectramed_ ”) to submit that where the plaintiff can prove a
good arguable case in support of an allegation that the defendant has acted
dishonestly, it is not necessary for there to be any further specific evidence
to show that there is a real risk of dissipation. Although counsel for the
defendants, Mr Thomas Tan, argued the broader point that the plaintiff failed
to show solid evidence to demonstrate a real risk, he did not contest the
proposition in _Spectramed_ that showing evidence of dishonesty alone is
sufficient. Instead, he focused his efforts in trying to convince me that the
defendants were not dishonest and have not acted in a way to show that their
probity cannot be relied on. Mr Tan also submitted that the defendants who
were non-executive directors (_ie_ , second to fourth and sixth defendants)
should not be implicated.

9 On the parties’ submissions, it appears that if I find that the defendants
have been dishonest in any way, the conclusion that a real risk that they will
dissipate their assets should be drawn. In this approach, the nature of the
dishonest acts appears to be of secondary, or little, importance. What seems
to matter appears to be the fact of dishonesty.

10 With respect, I do not agree with this approach. The proposition in
_Spectramed_ is, in my view, stated too broadly. The proposition is found in
[19] of _Spectramed_ , where the court referred to several authorities such as
the English case of _Ninemia Maritime Corporation v Trave
Schiffahrtsgesellschaft mbH (The Niedersachsen)_ [1984] 1 All ER 398 and the
local case of _Multi-Code Electronics Industries (M) Bhd and another v Toh
Chun Toh Gordon and others_ [2009] 1 SLR(R) 1000 before stating:

From the cases above, it is clear that allegations of dishonesty are relevant
to the issue of whether there is a risk of dissipation of assets. If there is
a _good arguable case_ in support of an _allegation_ that the _defendant has
acted fraudulently, dishonestly or unconscionably_ , it is _unnecessary for
there to be any further specific evidence on risk of dissipation_ for the
court to be entitled to take the view that there is a sufficient risk to
justify granting Mareva relief (see Stephen Gee [sic], _Mareva Injunctions and
Anton Piller Relief_ (Sweet & Maxwell, 4th ed, 1998 (“Stephen Gee” [sic]) at
198).

[emphasis in original]

11 The cases cited by the court in that case accepted that where a defendant’s
probity, honesty and integrity are called in doubt, a court may consider that
as a piece of material evidence that there is a real risk of dissipation. But
the cases did not go so far as to say that the finding of dishonesty alone,
regardless of what the dishonesty pertained to, is always sufficient to lead
to the conclusion that a real risk of dissipation exists.

12 It cannot be gainsaid that the fact or the genuine likelihood that the
defendant has been dishonest is a relevant piece of evidence to be considered.
But it is not always a sufficient piece of evidence. Surely, the acts of
dishonesty complained of must be capable of supporting the inference and
conclusion that there is a real risk that the defendant in question has the
tendency to dissipate assets and will do so. The ultimate inquiry ought to be
whether there is a real risk of dissipation of assets such that the plaintiff
will be unable to enforce a successful judgment. Showing that the defendant is
dishonest is nothing more than one of the means to satisfy this ultimate
inquiry. The court ought to assess whether the finding of dishonesty is, in
itself, sufficient to ground an application for Mareva injunction. Similar
observations have been made by the English courts, as summarised in the
English Court of Appeal decision of _VTB Capital Plc v Nutritek International
Corp_ and others [2012] 2 CLC 431 from [169] to [179]. The case went on appeal
but the Supreme Court did not disagree with the _obiter dicta_ of the Court of
Appeal on this issue.

13 A Mareva injunction is a draconian order that should only be granted in
exceptional cases. Courts have consistently repeated that a mere assertion or
unsupported fear of dissipation is insufficient, and the plaintiff must
demonstrate that there is a real risk by solid evidence which is strong enough
to support an inference that the defendant is likely to move assets abroad or
dissipate them within the jurisdiction. It will be incongruous to allow a
lower threshold to pass muster simply because the defendant has been found to
be dishonest in some manner. After all, many cases that come before the courts
involve some element of dishonesty and it cannot be that Mareva relief is
appropriate in all of them. A court will be more ready to draw an inference
that there is a real risk from the evidence of dishonesty in cases where a
defendant is well-versed in intricate, sophisticated and international
financial transactions and has been shown to use his expertise for dishonest
purposes, as opposed to cases where the defendant has lied in the course of
his business dealings with the plaintiff. Each case must of course turn on its
own facts.

14 The question, therefore, is whether the evidence of the defendants’
dishonesty as alleged by the plaintiff is strong enough to show that there is
a real risk that the defendants will dissipate assets. Mr Leong argued that
the defendants have been dishonest on numerous counts. First, he argued that
the entire dispute is the result of a premeditated fraud by the defendants. He
pointed out that there are two sets of bills of lading in respect of the first
parcel. The first was issued by the first defendant to the plaintiff for
carriage from Indonesia to Singapore. The second (which is unsigned) was
issued by the first defendant’s wholly-owned subsidiary, Sea Hawk Freight
(“Sea Hawk”), to Uni Bro as shipper and Thaisarco as consignee, for the
carriage from Indonesia to Thailand. The plaintiff had no knowledge of the
second bill of lading prior to these proceedings. He accused the defendants of
shirking responsibility and hiding behind N&N by attempting to distance
themselves from the actions of N&N. The plaintiff believe that N&N, which is
an established destination agent that is independent from the defendants, will
only release the first parcel upon receipt of proper document, which the
plaintiff submits must be the second bill of lading issued by Sea Hawk. There
is also some evidence that N&N had received a telex release instruction and a
delivery order in respect of the first parcel.

15 Further, Mr Leong submitted that the defendants completely disregarded the
plaintiff’s rights and were instead partial to the interests of Uni Bros.
Additionally, the defendants continued to give the plaintiff the impression
that the cargo was still in their possession for nearly three months after the
first parcel had been converted or mis-delivered. To make things worse, the
defendants persisted in its behaviour by refusing to hand over the remaining
three parcels of tin ingots despite repeated demands by the plaintiff. The
four parcels were only delivered to the plaintiff after my court order of 29
April 2015. Drawing his arguments together, Mr Leong submitted that thus, the
defendants have shown themselves to be dishonest and there is a real risk of
dissipation.

16 Mr Tan defended the allegations by arguing that there was never any
intention or plan to defraud the plaintiff. He pointed out that the bill of
lading issued by Sea Hawk was unsigned. He also tendered evidence to show that
the first defendant gave clear and repeated instructions to N&N to not release
the cargoes until the first defendant gave the green light after the plaintiff
surrenders their bill of lading. As for the other three parcels that were not
delivered to the plaintiff until my order of 29 April 2015, Mr Tan explained
that this was because the first defendant was unsure if those cargoes fell
within a Mareva injunction that had been granted in another related but
separate case involving different parties. Mr Tan referred me to documentary
evidence in the form of letters between the relevant law firms, which shows
that when it was made clear that the three parcels were not subjected to the
Mareva injunction, the first defendant conveyed on 13 April 2015 that they
were ready to deliver them to the plaintiff upon the latter paying the freight
charges. But as the plaintiff was only willing to pay the freight charges to
court and not directly to the plaintiff, the matter was not resolved and the
parties had to appear before me.

17 In my view, the evidence shows that the first defendant may have been
dishonest in two aspects. First, it sent the first parcel to Thailand without
the plaintiff’s knowledge when the parcel was supposed to be in Singapore.
Second, it did not inform the plaintiff that the first parcel was no longer in
Singapore for more than two months. As for the first defendant’s dealings with
N&N and Uni Bro as well as the events that may have led to N&N releasing the
consignments to Thaisarco, I do not think that it will be appropriate at this
stage, without a trial, to determine that the first defendant had acted
dishonestly. As Chan Sek Keong J (as he then was) held at [21] and [22] of
_European Grain & Shipping Ltd v Compania Naviera Euro-Asia SA and others (CN
Jaya SA, intervener)_ [1989] 2 SLR(R) 445, it is not right to take a view on
these allegations on the basis that they had been proved given the first
defendant’s denial and given that the trial is still pending.

18 Although I accept that the first defendant might not be honest in sending
the first parcel to Thailand and not informing the plaintiff thereafter, this
is not sufficient for me to find that there is a real risk that the first
defendant will dissipate assets. To put it simply, being dishonest in contract
dealings is one thing, showing an inclination to dissipate assets is another.

19 As the plaintiff has not put forward any other evidence to show that the
first defendant is likely to dissipate assets, I decline to grant a Mareva
injunction against the first defendant. So far as the second to seventh
defendants are concerned, there is even less reason for me to grant Mareva
relief. Even if the plaintiff has managed to shown that the first defendant
was dishonest and that there is a real risk of dissipation of assets, it does
not follow that the remaining defendants were also dishonest or will also
likely dissipate assets. The evidence at this stage appears to be that four of
the remaining defendants were non-executive directors at the material time who
were not concerned with the day-to-day running of the business. Given that
there is similarly little or no evidence before me that there is a real risk
that these defendants will dissipate their assets, I decline to grant a Mareva
injunction against the remaining defendants as well.

20 A Mareva injunction is a powerful remedy to prevent a defendant from
dissipating assets or removing assets from the jurisdiction such that the
judgment that a plaintiff may subsequently get will have no practical effect.
Like all strong medicine, it has side effects. In the case of a Mareva
injunction, the enjoined party may suffer severe loss of business. The courts
will not interfere before trial in granting such orders without strong and
convincing reasons. In the absence of any real risk of such dissipation,
courts will not allow this injunction to be used as a means for a plaintiff to
obtain security, even if a plaintiff has successfully shown that it has a good
arguable case against the defendant.

21 For the reasons above, the plaintiff’s application in prayer 2 of the
summons for Mareva relief against all the defendants is dismissed. I will hear
the parties on cost.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 27 Jul 2015 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

