Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  V Nithia (co-administratrix of the estate of Ponnusamy Sivapakiam,
deceased) _v_ Buthmanaban s/o Vaithilingam and another  
[2015] SGCA 56

Case Number| :| Civil Appeal No 94 of 2014  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 19 October 2015  
Tribunal/Court| :| Court of Appeal  
Coram| :|  Sundaresh Menon CJ; Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA; Chan Sek Keong SJ  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  A Thamilselvan (Subra TT Law LLC) for the appellant;
Kanagavijayan Nadarajan (Kana & Co) for the first respondent; Muralli Rajaram
and Lim Min (Straits Law Practice LLC) for the second respondent.  
Parties| :|  V NITHIA THE CO-ADMINISTRATRIX OF THE ESTATE OF PONNUSAMY
SIVAPAKIAM, DECEASED — BUTHMANABAN S/O VAITHILINGAM — KRISHNAVANNY D/O
VAITHILINGAM THE ADMINISTRATRIX OF THE ESTATE OF PONNUSAMY SIVAPAKIAM,
DECEASED  
  
[LawNet Editorial Note: This was an appeal from the decision of the High Court
in [2015] SGHC 35.]

19 October 2015|  
---|---  
  
Chan Sek Keong SJ (delivering the grounds of decision of the court):

Introduction

1 The present appeal is brought against the decision of the Judge in
_Buthmanaban s/o Vaithilingam v Krishnavany d/o Vaithilingam (administratrix
of the estate of Ponnusamy Sivapakiam, deceased) and another_ [2015] SGHC 35
(“GD”). At the conclusion of the hearing this appeal, we allowed the appeal
and gave the following brief grounds for our decision:

This is a case where the claim was advanced primarily on one footing, namely,
on a purchase money resulting trust, which the Judge rejected, but the Judge
then found for the plaintiff (_ie_ , the first respondent) on another ground,
namely, on proprietary estoppel, which was not pleaded. The two types of
action, for purchase money resulting trust and proprietary estoppel, are quite
distinct and rest on different factual premises. In our judgment, the Judge
was not entitled to do what he did, and for this reason we allow the appeal
and set aside the part of the Judgment holding that the plaintiff was entitled
to relief on the ground of proprietary estoppel.

As to the Judge’s rejection of the plea of a purchase money resulting trust,
there was no cross-appeal by the plaintiff and accordingly that stands. The
end result is that the plaintiff fails in his claim to relief.

2 These grounds of decision seek to amplify our brief grounds and to restate
the basic features of our civil litigation system that is designed to provide
a fair and transparent process in the resolution of disputes between parties
by our courts. The process, which is well-established, requires a plaintiff to
plead his cause or causes of action with sufficient particulars so as to
enable the defendant to know the case he has to meet and to plead his defence
with sufficient particulars so that the plaintiff may know the nature and
substance of the defence. This longstanding and indeed basic principle is
enshrined in O 18 r 7(1) and O 18 r 12(1) of the Rules of Court (Cap 332, R 5,
2014 Rev Ed) (“the ROC”). Furthermore, fair and transparent pleadings serve to
apprise the court of the issues of fact and law that are in dispute and which
it is required to render its decision.

3 In the instant case, the court below rendered a decision against the
appellant (“the Appellant”) and the 2nd respondent (who as the co-
administratrices of the estate of Ponnusamy Sivapakiam (“the Deceased”) were
the defendants below) based on a cause of action, _viz_ , proprietary
estoppel, which was not specifically pleaded by the 1st Respondent (the
plaintiff below). The pleaded cause of action was primarily a resulting trust,
although the 1st Respondent’s opening statement at trial also referred to an
alternative claim based on constructive trust.

4 At the conclusion of the trial, the Judge indicated to counsel for the
parties that he would like them to submit on proprietary estoppel, as it was
his view that it was purely a question of law and that all the material
allegations of fact had been pleaded by the parties. Counsel for all parties
were somewhat surprised by this turn of events as the elements of a resulting
trust are quite different from those of proprietary estoppel. Nevertheless,
they addressed the issue of proprietary estoppel in their written submissions
as directed by the Judge.

5 It is essential in a claim based on proprietary estoppel that any supporting
allegations have to be pleaded with sufficient detail and with sufficient
particulars of the substance of the representations, the reliance alleged to
have been placed on the representations, and the detriment suffered by the
party in relying on the representations. Here, the 1st Respondent had
testified to certain unrecorded conversations he allegedly had with his uncle,
A Govindasamy (“Govindasamy”), who had helped to finance the acquisition of
the property that was the subject of the dispute, as well as the Deceased, but
his testimony was directed more towards proving a resulting trust that would
have come into being about 50 years ago. As the material events had taken
place such a long time ago, this was very much a case where the Judge could,
and did, give full range to a subjective reconstruction of the evidence. In so
doing, he held that the evidence supported the 1st Respondent’s claim based on
proprietary estoppel.

6 In reversing the Judge on his decision in favour of the 1st Respondent, we
were satisfied that the defendants below were prejudiced by the Judge’s
findings of fact based on the testimonies of these witnesses (including the
evidence of the 1st Respondent) in relation to a pleaded cause of action based
on a resulting trust, but which the Judge found to be sufficient to prove the
existence of proprietary estoppel. We also found that the prejudice could not
be remedied by an award of costs. We thus set aside that part of his judgment.

7 We now set out below our detailed grounds.

Facts

Dramatis Personae

8 This appeal arose from a dispute between siblings following the death of
their mother – the Deceased – in 2008. The defendant administrators are
sisters and are children of the Deceased. The 1st Respondent was one of their
brothers. He sued the administrators for a 33.3% share of the Deceased’s house
at 43 Swan Lake Avenue (“the Property”) in addition to his statutory share of
the estate in intestacy under the Intestate Succession Act (Cap 146, 1985 Rev
Ed). He claimed to have had repaid an advance extended by Govindasamy for the
purchase of the Property.

9 We list the _dramatis personae_ below:

(a) The parents of the parties are as follows:

(i) the Deceased – the mother; and

(ii) A O Vaithilingam (“the Father”) – the Deceased’s late husband and the
father of the parties.

(b) The children (in order of birth) are as follows:

(i) Krishnavanny d/o Vaithilingam (“Krishnavanny”) – the eldest sister, who
was a co-administratrix to the Deceased’s estate, as well as the 2nd
respondent on appeal and the 1st defendant below;

(ii) Buthmanaban s/o Vaithilingam – the 1st Respondent, who as mentioned was
the plaintiff below;

(iii) Olagaysbery d/o Vaithilingam (“Olagaysbery”) – a daughter;

(iv) V Nithia – the Appellant, who was a co-administratrix to the Deceased’s
estate as well as the 2nd defendant below;

(v) Olagappan Vaithilingam Thirumall (“Thirumall”) – a son; and

(vi) V Davadass (“Davadass”) – the youngest son.

(c) The others are as follows:

(i) Nadarajan s/o Punnosamy (“Nadarajan”), the Deceased’s brother; and

(ii) Govindasamy, the Deceased’s brother-in-law.

Background to the dispute

10 The relevant events began in 1961 upon the death of the Father on 18
October 1961. He died intestate. The Deceased and Krishnavanny were appointed
the administrators of his estate. The principal asset of his estate was money
in his Municipal Provident Fund account amounting to $21,195.77. The money was
held in the estate account and was not distributed according to the law on
intestacy. After the Father’s death, the Deceased and her children had to move
out of the Father’s staff quarters and relocated to Nadarajan’s house, where
they lived for a few years.

11 On 19 October 1966, the Property was purchased in the Deceased’s sole name.
While the parties disputed how the idea to buy the Property came about, it was
not disputed that, earlier in 1966, Govindasamy viewed the Property and paid a
sum of money to the broker to secure the Property. Govindasamy also negotiated
a purchase price of $28,600.

12 The total cost of acquiring the Property, including transaction costs, was
$30,177.70, of which at least $20,000 came from the Father’s estate.
Govindasamy provided the balance sum which was eventually repaid, although it
was disputed who made the repayments.

13 In 2007, more than 40 years later, there was a meeting between all the
siblings (except the Appellant) where the 1st Respondent indicated that the
Property should be divided into 7 shares, with 1 ½ shares for himself and 1 ½
shares for Davadass. The Deceased was present watching TV although she did not
participate in the meeting.

14 The Deceased died intestate on 14 February 2008. Letters of Administration
were granted on 20 July 2011 to Krishnavanny and the Appellant as the
administrators of the estate. The Appellant commenced proceedings in February
2012 against the 1st Respondent and Krishnavanny for the sale of the Property,
which was sold pursuant to an order of court for $2.65m in October 2012 with
completion taking place in January 2013. The net proceeds of sale amounted to
$2,609,417.

15 The 1st Respondent filed the Writ of Summons in the present action on 27
September 2012 against the administrators of the Deceased’s estate, _ie_ ,
Krishnavanny and the Appellant.

Pleadings

The 1st Respondent’s pleaded case

16 The 1st Respondent claimed a “beneficial interest” in the Property. He
alleged that he had asked Govindasamy to make a payment as a loan towards the
purchase of the Property and that he undertook to repay Govindasamy.
Govindasamy agreed to do so if the Plaintiff “took the responsibility” of
repaying him. The Plaintiff promised to do so in instalments without interest.
Govindasamy agreed. The loan amount payable was $10,000.

17 Subsequently, the 1st Respondent told the Deceased about the loan and
informed her that, even though he would put the Property in her sole name, he
had a beneficial interest in the Property and the Deceased acknowledged that
he had such an interest.

18 The 1st Respondent claimed he repaid Govindasamy the sum of $500 every six
months for 10 years from 1966, and he eventually repaid the loan in 1975. The
1st Respondent also referred to other payments he made in relation to the
Property.

19 He also claimed that the Deceased had acknowledged the 1st Respondent as a
beneficial owner of the Property and that he should be given at least 33% of
the proceeds of the sale of the Property.

20 The Respondent alleged that he had a 33% beneficial interest in the
Property by way of a resulting trust.

The Appellant’s pleaded case

21 The Appellant’s defence was that Govindasamy did not intend his financial
assistance to be a loan. He had paid part of the purchase price out of
goodwill for the Deceased as his sister-in-law. The Deceased strove to repay
Govindasamy because she disliked owing anyone any favours. The Deceased used
monies given to her by the working children (the 1st Respondent, Krishnavanny
and Olagaysbery) to repay Govindasamy.

22 The Appellant denied that the 1st Respondent had a beneficial interest in
the Property or that the Deceased had acknowledged the existence of such an
interest. Otherwise, she would have told one of the other siblings.

23 The Appellant also pleaded the defence of limitation under s 9 and/or s 12
of the Limitation Act (Cap 163, 1996 Rev Ed), as well as laches.

Krishnavanny’s pleaded case

24 Krishnavanny admitted to the material facts in the 1st Respondent’s
Statement of Claim (“SOC”) and averred that the 1st Respondent was entitled to
a beneficial interest in the Property.

Parties’ positions on the pleadings at the end of the trial

25 After the parties had closed their respective cases, the Judge invited the
1st Respondent’s counsel, Mr N Kanagavijayan, to clarify his client’s claim.
Counsel confirmed that the claim was _only_ in resulting trust _even after_
the Judge inquired as to the possibility of claims in constructive trust or
proprietary estoppel. But he was prepared to submit on the causes of action
mentioned by the Judge. However, when asked by the Judge whether he would
amend his pleadings, he replied that he would not be applying to do so.

26 When inquired on this point by the Judge, the Appellant’s lawyer, Mr A
Thamilselvan, replied that parties _should stand by their pleadings_ and
expressed confusion as to what the 1st Respondent’s cause of action was. The
Appellant had, in her written submissions, maintained that it was _not_ the
1st Respondent’s case that the Deceased had told him that he would get a
beneficial interest in the Property in reliance on which he proceeded to act
to his detriment, and that the 1st Respondent’s own evidence was that he had
entered into the agreement with Govindasamy before he informed the Deceased
about it.

27 Krishnavanny’s counsel, Mr Muralli Rajaram, also informed the court that he
too could not see any allegations of material facts to support proprietary
estoppel (_ie_ , representation, reliance and detriment). Subsequently, Mr
Rajaram addressed this in his written submissions as follows:

[The 1st Respondent] has not specifically pleaded that he is relying on the
existence of any proprietary estoppel, although he maintains that he is
relying on the same. We are unable to determine precisely what facts [the 1st
Respondent] is relying on in his pleadings that would amount to material facts
that would give rise to the existence of a proprietary estoppel.

28 During oral closing submissions before the Judge on 28 June 2013, Mr
Rajaram reiterated his client’s stand that there was a resulting trust in
favour of the 1st Respondent (save for quantification) but maintained the
objection to any reliance on an unpleaded case of proprietary estoppel.

Decision below

29 After hearing submissions, the Judge reserved judgment and later issued
oral judgment setting out his brief reasons. In the GD, which sought to
expound on his brief reasons in his oral judgment, the Judge first decided a
preliminary issue that his decision was binding on all the non-party
beneficiaries to the Deceased’s estate (_viz_ , Olagaysberry, Thirumall and
Davadass) as their interests were derived from the Deceased’s estate, and the
estate was represented by the administrators in the case. Furthermore, they
had filed affidavits stating their respective positions in the case.

30 The Judge accepted as undisputed that Govindasamy paid $10,000 to the
purchase of the Property. He also found that this payment by Govindasamy was
_neither_ a loan _nor_ a gift. Again without determining the precise amount,
the Judge found that the 1st Respondent did make substantial repayments to
Govindasamy to settle the sum advanced by him. However, the Judge found that
the Deceased had _never_ represented to the 1st Respondent that the latter had
a present (_ie_ , existing) beneficial interest in the Property. Instead, the
Judge accepted that the 1st Respondent had undertaken to the Deceased that he
would make payments to Govindasamy to discharge the family’s _moral_
obligation to him, and that the Deceased told the 1st Respondent that if he
did so she would give him a larger share in the proceeds of sale.

31 On the basis of his factual findings, the Judge dismissed the 1st
Respondent’s claim in resulting trust and common intention constructive trust.
None of the parties appealed against these two findings.

32 The Judge found on the evidence that the 1st Respondent had a good claim in
proprietary estoppel and that the claim was not defeated by laches. He gave
the following reasons:

(a) The Deceased intended the 1st Respondent to have a larger share of the
sale proceeds of the Property and they spoke about this.

(b) The 1st Respondent had in detrimental reliance repaid Govindasamy despite
having no legal obligation to do so. He had also supported the family
financially in other ways.

(c) The claim in proprietary estoppel was not defeated by laches since the
benefit of the claim only accrued when the Deceased died in 2008 and by
bringing the action in 2012 the 1st Respondent had acted reasonably promptly.

33 The Judge decided that this equity that arose in favour of the 1st
Respondent ought to be satisfied by giving the 1st Respondent a 21.43% share
(rounded up) (_ie_ , 1 ½ shares out of 7) in the net proceeds of sale of the
Property.

Our Decision

Was the Judge entitled to require the parties to submit on the issue of
proprietary estoppel?

General principles

34 The hallmark of an adversarial system of civil litigation like ours is that
plaintiffs and defendants alike are required by procedural rules to set the
boundaries of their disputes and to fight their battles within these
boundaries. In a civil trial, this is achieved primarily through the
pleadings, which are written statements setting out the relevant facts, or
allegations of fact, and the applicable points of law in support of their
respective claims, counterclaims, defences and replies. In _PT Prima
International Development v Kempinski Hotels SA and other appeals_ [2012] 4
SLR 98 (“ _PT Prima International Development_ ”) (at [35]), this court
adopted the following summary of the object of pleadings stated in Sir Jack
Jacob and Iain S Goldrein, _Pleadings: Principles and Practice_ (Sweet &
Maxwell, 1990) at pp 2–4 as follows:

**The object of pleadings — in detail**

(a) … To define with clarity and precision the issues or questions which are
in dispute between the parties and fall to be determined by the court. …

(b) … To require each party to give fair and proper notice to his opponent of
the case he has to meet to enable him to frame and prepare his own case for
trial. …

(c) … To inform the court what are the precise matters in issue between the
parties which alone the court may determine, since they set the limits of the
action which may not be extended without due amendment properly made. …

(d) … To provide a brief summary of the case of each party, which is readily
available for reference, and from which the nature of the claim and [the]
defence may be easily apprehended, and to constitute a permanent record of the
issues and questions raised in the action and decided therein so as to prevent
future litigation upon matters already adjudicated upon between the litigants
or those privy to them.

35 Cotton LJ expressed this point well in the _Philipps v Philipps_ (1878) 4
QBD 127 at 138­–139:

… The statement of claim, of necessity, must set out all the facts material to
prevent the defendant being taken by surprise, because it is the first
pleading, and that which ought to be referred to for the purpose of seeing
whether there is a cause of action.

… What particulars are to be stated must depend on the facts of each case. But
in my opinion it is absolutely essential that the pleading, not to be
embarrassing to the defendants, should state those facts which will put the
defendants on their guard and tell them what they have to meet when the case
comes on for trial.

36 In other words, pleadings delineate the parameters of the case and shape
the course of the trial. They define the issues before the court and inform
the parties of the case that they have to meet. They set out the allegations
of fact which the party asserting has to prove to the satisfaction of the
court and on which they are entitled to relief under the law. Adherence to the
rules of pleadings promotes good case management and results in cost and time
saving efficiencies. In an age of burgeoning volume and complexity of modern
litigation, adequate pleadings are necessary to reduce inefficiencies in the
dispute resolution process, and they tend to increase the productivity of
lawyers and courts alike.

37 Equally important to the principle of fairness, pleadings also serve to
uphold the rules of natural justice (_Sheagar s/o TM Veloo v Belfield
International (Hong Kong) Ltd_ [2014] 3 SLR 524 (“ _Sheagar_ ”) at [94]).
Parties are expected to keep to their pleadings because it is only _fair and
just_ that they do so – to permit otherwise is to have a trial by ambush.
Every litigant is entitled as a matter of procedural fairness to be informed
of his opponent’s case in advance and to challenge his veracity in cross-
examination at the trial. As pithily stated by the Australian High Court in
_Lee v The Queen_ (1998) 195 CLR 594 at [32]: “Confrontation and the
opportunity for cross-examination is of central significance to the common law
adversarial system of trial”. In _United Overseas Bank Ltd v Ng Huat
Foundations Pte Ltd_ [2005] 2 SLR(R) 425 (“ _UOB_ ”) at [8], the High Court
observed that procedural fairness and substantive justice interact with each
other and cannot survive without the other. When procedure is defective, the
very substance of the result may rightly be called into question.

38 Thus, the general rule is that parties are bound by their pleadings and the
court is precluded from deciding on a matter that the parties themselves have
decided not to put into issue. As Sharma J said in _Janagi v Ong Boon Kiat_
[1971] 2 MLJ 196 (approved in _OMG Holdings Pte Ltd v Pos Ad Sdn Bhd_ [2012] 4
SLR 231 (“ _OMG Holdings_ ”) at [21]):

… The court is not entitled to decide a suit on a matter on which no issue has
been raised by the parties. It is not the duty of the court to make out a case
for one of the parties when the party concerned does not raise or wish to
raise the point. In disposing of a suit or matter involving a disputed
question of fact it is not proper for the court to displace the case made by a
party in its pleadings and give effect to an entirely new case which the party
had not made out in its own pleadings. The trial of a suit should be confined
to the plea on which the parties are at variance.

39 Procedure is not an end in itself, but a means to the end of attaining a
fair trial. The age of forms of action is long gone. Hence, a court is not
required to adopt an overly formalistic and inflexibly rule-bound approach
even in those _clear cases_ that to do so might lead to an unjust result.
Nevertheless, it would be improper for a court to adopt the approach that “the
ends justify the means” (_UOB_ at [4]). Even when the desire to ensure the
ends of substantive justice pulls in the opposite direction from the need to
maintain procedural fairness to the opposite party, “a just outcome requires
that neither consideration be made clearly subordinate to the other”
(_Sheagar_ at [117]).

40 Thus the law permits the departure from the general rule in limited
circumstances, where no prejudice is caused to the other party in the trial or
where it would be clearly unjust for the court not to do so. In Singapore, the
law was reiterated by this court in _OMG Holdings_ at [18] as follows:

… It is trite law that the court may permit an unpleaded point to be raised if
no injustice or irreparable prejudice (that cannot be compensated by costs)
will be occasioned to the other party (see _Lu Bang Song v Teambuild
Construction Pte Ltd_ [2009] SGHC 49 (“ _Lu Bang Song_ ”) at [17] and
_Boustead Trading (1985) Sdn Bhd v Arab-Malaysian Merchant Bank Ltd_ [1995] 3
MLJ 331 (“ _Boustead Trading_ ”) at 341–342). In the same vein, evidence given
at trial can, where appropriate, overcome defects in the pleadings provided
that the other party is not taken by surprise or irreparably prejudiced (see
_Lu Bang Song_ at [17]).

41 We should add, however, that cases where it is clear that no prejudice will
be caused by the reliance on an unpleaded cause of action or issue that has
not been examined at the trial are likely to be uncommon. As Rimer LJ stated
in the English Court of Appeal case of _Lombard North Central Plc v Automobile
World (UK) Ltd_ [2010] EWCA Civ 20 at [79]:

… I am not suggesting that courts must adopt an inflexible approach to the
question of whether or not a particular unpleaded issue may or may not be the
subject of investigation at a trial. There will be cases in which it will be
obvious that it would be unjust for the court not to entertain and decide a
non-pleaded issue: for example, when it is apparent that both sides have come
to court ready to deal with it as an issue in the case despite its omission
from the pleadings. That, however, was not this case; and such cases are
likely to be rare.

Whether the claim of proprietary estoppel was sufficiently pleaded

42 In the present case, the 1st Respondent accepted that he did not
specifically plead proprietary estoppel as a cause of action. However, when
the Judge indicated that it might be open to the 1st Respondent to argue for a
claim on proprietary estoppel on the same facts as pleaded in his SOC in
relation to the existence of a resulting trust (as well as constructive
trust), the 1st Respondent did not seek to amend his pleadings, but was
content to rely on his pleaded case.

43 The Judge was of the view that the words “proprietary estoppel” did not
have to be _specifically_ pleaded. We agree, except that if such a cause of
action is to be relied on, the pleadings should at the very least disclose the
material facts which would support such a claim, so as to give the opponent
fair notice of the _substance_ of such a case, especially in a claim based on
proprietary estoppel. In _Chng Bee Kheng and another (executrixes and trustees
of the estate of Fock Poh Kum, deceased) v Chng Eng Chye_ [2013] 2 SLR 715,
Chan Seng Onn J said at [94] as follows:

Even though Mr Yeo did not object to this defect in pleading and proceeded to
submit on the basis that the Defendant’s case was founded on estoppel by
representation, promissory estoppel, proprietary estoppel and estoppel by
convention, I am of the view that the Defendant has to plead his case
accurately. The different types of estoppel may have similar undertones, but,
as will be seen below, their constituent elements are dissimilar, and the
facts relevant to the elements would accordingly differ and must be pleaded
specifically. For instance, while Mr Bull argued that there was promissory
estoppel, he described the alleged “promises” as “representations”. There is a
distinction between the two as a representation refers to a representation of
fact and is not promissory in nature.

44 Accordingly, proprietary estoppel should be pleaded expressly and the facts
relevant to each element should be pleaded specifically. The defendant should
not be left to guess at what the plaintiff was really asserting. This is
particularly important in an area of law where there are fine distinctions
between a purchase money resulting trust, a common intention constructive
trust, promissory estoppel and proprietary estoppel. We will discuss some of
the distinctions between a resulting trust and proprietary estoppel in more
detail at [56]–[59] below, but for now it suffices to say that it would be an
uncommon case where facts sufficient to found a resulting trust would also be
sufficient to found an alternative case of proprietary estoppel.

45 The 1st Respondent submitted before us that he had pleaded all the material
facts necessary to establish the cause of action for proprietary estoppel at
[16], [18]–[19] of his SOC as corresponding with the elements for a claim in
proprietary estoppel. We reproduce those paragraphs below:

16\. The Plaintiff then told his mother about the said $10,000.00 that the
Plaintiff had to pay to Mr Govindasamy and that although the Plaintiff would
be putting her name as the sole proprietor of the Swan Lake property, the
Plaintiff had beneficial interests in the property and that the Plaintiff was
paying to Mr Govindasamy in monthly instalments the sum of money that Mr
Govindsamy had paid towards the purchase of the property inclusive of the
estate agent fee of $500.00. The Plaintiff’s mother acknowledged that the
Plaintiff had a beneficial interests [sic] in the Swan Lake property although
the Plaintiff’s name was not included as a co-owner.

…

18\. As of October 1966, the Plaintiff had to return to Mr Govindasamy a sum
of $10,000.00. In 1966, the Plaintiff was earning a take-home salary of
$200.00 as an employee of Electricity Department of the Public Utilities
Board. Every month, the Plaintiff would give the whole pay packet to his
mother. She would then take what was necessary for the family and household
expenses and she would give the Plaintiff the balance of $50.00 to $60.00. As
the sum given to the Plaintiff was too small, the Plaintiff took on an
additional job of being a part-time tutor. The Plaintiff would earn some money
as a part-time tutor. The Plaintiff would save as much money as possible with
the intention of giving Mr Govindasamy at least $500.00 every 6 months. As
soon as the Plaintiff saved $500.00, he would go and see Mr Govindasamy and
give $500.00 to him as instalment payment towards the fulfillment of the said
loan of $10,000.00. Mr Govindasamy would keep a record in a book of the amount
of loan the Plaintiff had paid and informed him of the outstanding balance due
from the Plaintiff to Mr Govindasamy after each instalment payment was made.

19\. Over a period of 10 years from 1966, the Plaintiff paid Mr Govindasamy
$500.00 every 6 months. The Plaintiff remembers the last instalment he paid
was in the year 1975. It was in the same year that Mr Govindasamy came to the
Swan Lake property to tell the Plaintiff’s mother that “your son had fully
paid the loan that I had given towards the balance purchase of the property.”
The Plaintiff’s mother was glad to hear that.

46 In our view, the aforesaid paragraphs do not support a claim based on
proprietary estoppel but one based on a resulting trust. The 1st Respondent
did not plead that the Deceased encouraged him to obtain an advance from
Govindasamy or to repay Govindasamy on the understanding that he would have a
beneficial interest in the Property. There was no promise, reliance or
detriment alleged in these paragraphs.

Whether any prejudice was caused to the Appellant

47 Was irreparable damage caused to the Appellant by the Judge’s direction
that the parties should submit on the existence or otherwise of proprietary
estoppel? Were the Appellant and the other objecting beneficiaries denied a
fair opportunity to meet the new case? In our view, the answer was “Yes”. In
_Asia Business Forum Pte Ltd v Long Ai Sin_ [2004] 2 SLR(R) 173 (“ _Asia
Business Forum_ ”), the appellant sought to amend its pleadings on appeal to
reclassify certain documents and information from “confidential information”
to “trade secrets” and _vice versa_. The appellant argued that it was a simple
amendment which would not require any new evidence. The respondent there
disagreed, arguing that, _inter alia_ , they would be denied the opportunity
of arguing why certain information could not be “trade secrets”. Furthermore,
the respondents argued that if the pleadings had originally been in the form
under the proposed amendments, they would have introduced additional evidence
to meet the case and the cross examination of witnesses might have taken on a
different character.

48 Chao Hick Tin JA, who delivered the judgment of the court in _Asia Business
Forum_ , refused leave to amend. He noted that evidence had been led and the
parties had cross-examined on the categorisation of trade secrets and
confidential information as pleaded. Notwithstanding the considerable overlap
in the concepts, trade secrets and confidential information were nonetheless
distinct and it was not a case where there was nothing more that the
respondents could have amplified or explained. Allowing the amendments would
have “presented the respondents with a somewhat different ‘battle’”, which
“was not a problem which could be taken care of just by way of an order for
costs” (_Asia Business Forum_ at [19]).

49 In the instant case, all the witnesses had testified on the basis of a
claim based on resulting trust. The 1st Respondent’s affidavit of evidence-in-
chief (“AEIC”) had maintained essentially the same narrative as his pleadings
– that Govindasamy had extended a loan that the 1st Respondent promised to and
did repay of his own accord. The AEIC of his witness, Nadarajan, also stated
that he had advised the 1st Respondent to seek a loan from Govindasamy and
that the 1st Respondent repaid the loan. Nadarajan also stated that the
Deceased was _reluctant_ to buy the Property as she did not want to borrow
money to make up the difference in price and that it was the 1st Respondent
who “daringly came forward to borrow money and make payment of the loan in
full”. During cross-examination, the 1st Respondent maintained that he had
talked Govindasamy into giving _him_ an interest-free loan. It was also
Nadarajan’s evidence that it was a loan by Govindasamy to the 1st Respondent.

50 The Judge noted that the _Appellant_ had not taken objection to the 1st
Respondent’s failure to expressly plead reliance on proprietary estoppel (GD
at [17]). Although Mr Thamilselvan did not in his closing submissions
expressly raise an objection regarding the failure to plead proprietary
estoppel, he did make the following remarks (while submitting on common
intention constructive trust) in oral submissions below:

Thamilselvan: |  … The o—idea of a common intention and all that, as Your Honour will note, came up later, after the trial---after the cross-examination. _And all these being mentioned in the pleadings, issues then would have been joined and we would have cross-examined or we would have taken a different approach towards—_  
---|---  
Court: |  But what kind of trust were you under the impression that the plaintiff was asserting?  
Thamilselvan: |  I think he was---  
Court: |  When the trial began.  
Thamilselvan: |  I think he was, as he said, asserting _some kind of resulting trust_ , Your Honour, based on the fact that he had paid the purchase price.  
  
  

[emphasis added in italics]

51 However, the Judge did not address Krishnavanny’s objection (through her
counsel, Mr Rajaram) to the suggested claim based on proprietary estoppel
being pursued.

52 Before us, the Appellant, through her counsel Mr Thamilselvan, argued that
she had been irreparably prejudiced by the Judge’s decision to allow the
unpleaded claim of proprietary estoppel to proceed. She maintained that the
record showed that she had addressed the issue of proprietary estoppel only
because the Judge directed her to do so. It did not mean she did not object to
the same. If the 1st Respondent had in fact sought to amend his pleadings, the
Appellant would have vigorously objected, and even if such an amendment was
allowed, the Appellant would at least have known what aspects of the evidence
the 1st Respondent was relying on to show representation, reliance and
detriment, and be in a position to test them. This could not be done through
submissions alone. Furthermore, it was also Krishnavanny’s position that the
Judge had erred in finding on a claim based on proprietary estoppel, thereby
maintaining her objection to the reliance on an unpleaded point.

53 After careful scrutiny of the Notes of Evidence, we agreed with the
Appellant that, had proprietary estoppel been pleaded, the trial would have
taken a very different turn. She would have known clearly, if not precisely,
what the case against her was. The 1st Respondent would have been cross-
examined on his allegations, and his answers would have a bearing on his
veracity or his credibility as a witness. We accepted this argument. In our
view, the pleadings were crucial in this case because the events relied upon
by the 1st Respondent occurred about 50 years ago. The most important
participants to the alleged agreements or arrangements had died. There was no
written record of these alleged agreements or arrangements. The 1st
Respondent’s case was based purely on his account of what had transpired
between him and Govindasamy and between him and the Deceased. Not once when
the Deceased was alive had the 1st Respondent asked the Deceased to inform or
confirm to his siblings what the Deceased had supposedly agreed with or
promised. He was also unable to produce any documentary evidence to support
his account of the actual amount of money he had repaid to Govindasamy, even
though he had testified that he had kept records of the repayments which he
had destroyed.

54 Krishnavanny did say in her testimony that the Deceased had mentioned to
her that the 1st Respondent should receive a higher proportion of the proceeds
of sale of the Property in view of his contributions. This statement is more
consistent with the recognition of a moral obligation than the existence of a
legal right.

55 For these reasons, and given the significant differences in the factual
underpinnings between a case of proprietary estoppel and resulting trust, we
also could not agree with the Judge that the issue of proprietary estoppel
could proceed because it involved only “pure issues of law” (GD at [17]). We
elaborate below.

56 The elements of proprietary estoppel are well established. In _Hong Leong
Singapore Finance Ltd v United Overseas Bank Ltd_ [2007] 1 SLR(R) 292 (“ _Hong
Leong Finance_ ”) Sundaresh Menon JC (as he then was) stated them at [170] as
“a representation on the part of the party against whom the estoppel is sought
to be raised, and reliance and detriment on the part of the party seeking to
raise the estoppel”. Lord Walker of Gestingthorpe in _Thorner v Major and
others_ [2009] 1 WLR 776 (“ _Thorner_ ”) stated them (at [29]) as “a
representation or assurance made to the claimant; reliance on it by the
claimant; and detriment to the claimant in consequence of his (reasonable)
reliance”. Underlying this claim is the principle of unconscionability. Equity
seeks to prevent a party from resiling on his promises to another party who
has acted on them to his detriment by giving effect to the promises. In
domestic relations disputes, an inquiry as to whether proprietary estoppel is
established frequently involves conflicting oral testimony relating to events
from long ago involving individuals who were likely to have expressed their
intentions orally, or not clearly or precisely. In every case, one has to ask
what words were said or not said; what property the words relate to; what the
claimant would reasonably have taken the words, acts or silences to mean given
the context; whether he did rely on the representation or whether it played no
part in his subsequent actions, and if it did whether it was reasonably relied
upon; whether it led to his detriment; and finally whether in all the
circumstances it is unconscionable for the defendant to go back on the
assurance or representation, if any. In the present case, it involved material
participants who were dead and who had left no written record behind.

57 In this case, the Appellant (and indeed Krishnavanny, when she admitted to
the facts in the SOC) had proceeded on the footing that the case to be met was
what was pleaded in the SOC, _ie_ , a resulting trust. A resulting trust does
not require proof of any assurance or representation flowing from the Deceased
or any reliance from the 1st Respondent to his detriment. Thus the dispute
revolved around whether Govindasamy had made a gift or given a loan by way of
his payment towards part of the purchase price of the Property, and the
questioning of the witnesses was directed towards the proof or disproof of
that assertion. Given that the 1st Respondent did not assert in his SOC or in
his evidence that he had made repayment to Govindasamy because of any reliance
on any assurance from the Deceased, which would in any case have contradicted
his evidence that he had repaid it because of an _earlier agreement_ with
Govindasamy, it was not surprising that the Appellant did not deal with those
issues at trial as fully as she would have done had it been properly pleaded.

58 Indeed, the operative representation that the Judge found to have been
made–that the Deceased would give the 1st Respondent a larger share in the
proceeds of sale in the Property–was not within the expectation of _any_ of
the parties and certainly well outside the bounds of the pleadings or even the
AEICs. In the result, the case for proprietary estoppel (based on the
representation found by the Judge) was largely untested because no one knew
there was such a case to test.

59 A useful illustration of how the differences between the elements of a
trust and proprietary estoppel could impact a trial may be seen in _Joshua
Steven v Joshua Deborah Steven_ [2004] 4 SLR(R) 403 (“ _Joshua Steven_ ”)
where Tan Lee Meng J dismissed the defendants’ application to amend their
counterclaim to rely on proprietary estoppel in these words (at [5]):

An assertion of proprietary estoppel is clearly distinct from an assertion
that rights arise under a trust. In their affidavit in support of their
application to amend the Counterclaim, two of the HOI defendants declared that
SJ would not be prejudiced by the proposed amendment because they had not
sought to adduce any fresh evidence in support of their case. However, SJ’s
counsel, Mr James Ponniah, rightly pointed out that there would be a need for
further cross-examination of witnesses if the counterclaim was amended as he
had conducted his cross-examination during the trial solely on the basis that
the counterclaim rested on the law of trust. As such, he had not cross-
examined the HOI defendants on matters such as the nature of the alleged
representation that led to the estoppel, the detriment suffered by them as a
result of the alleged representation or how the representation altered their
position. He also pointed out that during the trial, the HOI defendants
decided not to call Mr James Abraham (“JA”), one of their witnesses, to
testify after it became obvious that the latter would, if cross-examined, face
embarrassing questions as to why he, a lawyer, helped to create a trust in
favour of foreigners in violation of the Residential Property Act (Cap 274,
1985 Rev Ed) when he knew that some of the HOI defendants were foreigners at
the time 577A Sembawang Place was purchased. As the HOI defendants now
contended that JA was one of those who made representations that led to the
alleged estoppel, Mr Ponniah argued that he should be allowed to cross-examine
JA if the Counterclaim was amended.

60 It seemed to us that, at the time that the 1st Respondent was asked to
clarify his pleadings, the Judge might have formed a preliminary view that the
1st Respondent had a good case that was badly or not pleaded at all. This kind
of situation can put a conscientious judge in a difficult position, and it has
been said that “inadequate pleadings are the bane of a judge’s life” (_Ireland
v David Lloyd Leisure Ltd_ [2013] EWCA Civ 665 at [30], _per_ Ryder LJ).
Nevertheless, every judge must be mindful of his position as a disinterested
arbiter between the parties. His primary role is to hold an even hand between
the parties and ensure that the proper procedure is followed. As observed by
Dyson LJ in _Al-Medenni v Mars UK Limited_ [2005] EWCA Civ 1041 at [21] (cited
in _PT Prima International Development_ at [36]):

… It is fundamental to our adversarial system of justice that the parties
should clearly identify the issues that arise in the litigation, so that each
has the opportunity of responding to the points made by the other. _The
function of the judge is to adjudicate on those issues alone. The parties may
have their own reasons for limiting the issues or presenting them in a certain
way. The judge can invite, and even encourage, the parties to recast or modify
the issues. Bu[t] if they refuse to do so, the judge must respect that
decision. One consequence of this may be that the judge is compelled to reject
a claim on the basis on which it is advanced, although he or she is of the
opinion that it would have succeeded if it had been advanced on a different
basis. Such an outcome may be unattractive, but any other approach leads to
uncertainty and potentially real unfairness._ [emphasis added]

61 This does not mean the judge must always bite his tongue. In _PT Prima
International Development_ at [37], this court provided some guiding
principles as to what a judge may do in such a situation. The court may
express its wish that the parties reframe the issues so that the case may be
better decided. However, if a court raises a new issue or a new cause of
action on its own motion after hearing the evidence at trial, good order
requires that the court invite the parties to amend their pleadings and for
the party affected by this issue be allowed to re-examine the witnesses and/or
to call rebuttal evidence on the hereinbefore unexplored point. However, the
court must bear in mind that such a step may not be taken if it causes
irreparable damage to the other party, _ie_ , damage that cannot be
compensated by an order for costs thrown away.

62 In our view, the judgment under appeal crossed this red line. We
accordingly allowed the appeal.

Whether it was necessary to join the other siblings as parties

63 We now turn to the preliminary issue on whether it was necessary for the
other non-party beneficiaries, _viz_ , Olagaysbery, Thirumall and Davadass, to
be joined as parties before they could be bound by the court’s decision.

64 The Appellant argued that if one of the two administrators, although sued
jointly, supported the plaintiff in an action and the other did not, the
administrators could not be said to represent the estate jointly, or to
represent the interest of the “non-party beneficiaries in fact”, even on a
nominal basis. She relied on _Tacplas Property Services Pte Ltd v Lee Peter
Michael (administrator of the estate of Lee Ching Miow, deceased)_ [2000] 1
SLR(R) 159 at [38] for the well-established proposition that administrators
must act jointly and not severally.

65 The Judge held that it was not necessary to join the other non-party
beneficiaries on the ground that their interests, which arose through an
intestacy, were _fully_ represented by the Appellant as one of administrators.
The Judge relied on _Seah Peng Koon and others (the trustees of the estate of
Seah Liang Seah, deceased)_ v  _Seah Peng Song_ [1993] 1 SLR(R) 480 on the
interpretation of the scope of O 15 r 14 of the ROC.

66 In our view, O 15 r 14 makes it unnecessary to join the beneficiaries of an
estate or a trust as parties to any action against the estate or the trust if
the estate or trust is represented either by personal representatives or
trustees. It is only where the court considers that the representatives or
trustees could not or did not represent the interests of the beneficiaries
that it may join them as parties, or if they cannot be found, appoint persons
to represent their interests. In the present case, the issue is whether
representation by one administrator (in a situation where both administrators
are parties to the action) is sufficient for the purpose of protecting the
interests of non-party beneficiaries. The Judge held that it was sufficient.
He also took the precaution of requiring the non-party beneficiaries to file
affidavits to state their position in the case. As it turned out, although
Krishnavanny accepted the 1st Respondent’s claim based on resulting trust, she
objected to his claim based on proprietary estoppel.

67 The case before us is not a dispute between beneficiaries as to their
respective interests in the estate. It is a dispute between the 1st
Respondent, not as a beneficiary of the Deceased’s estate, but as an ordinary
claimant seeking to be entitled to one-third of the Property as the beneficial
owner under a resulting trust, although at the same time he is also entitled
to a share of the estate in intestacy. His claim does not conflict with his
interest in an intestate estate, although it might affect his share of the
estate if he succeeded in his claim. This was an adversarial claim between the
1st Respondent and the Deceased’s estate, and not between the parties _qua_
beneficiaries of the estate. The 1st Respondent’s claim necessitated the
administrators to defend the claim, and ultimately their rights as
beneficiaries. Their interests as beneficiaries are the same as that of the
Appellant. Accordingly, we agreed with the Judge both on the law and on his
exercise of discretion. Any decision to join the non-party beneficiaries to
the action would have come with a price either to the parties or to the
Deceased’s estate. They would have to be separately represented by counsel who
have to be paid their fees, as otherwise the joinder would be pointless.

Statutory formalities and proprietary estoppel

68 Before us, the Appellant has raised a new legal argument which was not
raised before the Judge–that s 7 of the Civil Law Act (Cap 43, 1999 Rev Ed)
(“CLA”) barred the proprietary estoppel claim that had been brought against
the estate because it was not a resulting, implied or constructive trust that
is excluded from the operation of that section. Section 7 of the CLA states:

**Trusts respecting immovable property and disposition of equitable interest**

**7.** —(1) A declaration of trust respecting any immovable property or any
interest in such property must be manifested and proved by some writing signed
by some person who is able to declare such trust or by his will.

(2) A disposition of an equitable interest or trust subsisting at the time of
the disposition must be in writing signed by the person disposing of the same
or by his agent lawfully authorised in writing or by will.

(3) This section does not affect the creation or operation of resulting,
implied or constructive trusts.

69 In support of her argument, the Appellant relied on the dictum of Lord
Scott of Foscote in _Cobbe v Yeoman’s Row Management Ltd and another_ [2008]
1WLR 1752 (“ _Cobbe_ ”) at [29] as follows:

… Section 2 of the [Law of Property (Miscellaneous Provisions) Act 1989]
declares to be void any agreement for the acquisition of an interest in land
that does not comply with the requisite formalities prescribed by the section.
Subsection (5) expressly makes an exception for resulting, implied or
constructive trusts. These may validly come into existence without compliance
with the prescribed formalities. _Proprietary estoppel does not have the
benefit of this exception. The question arises, therefore, whether a complete
agreement for the acquisition of an interest in land that does not comply with
the section 2 prescribed formalities, but would be specifically enforceable if
it did can become enforceable via the route of proprietary estoppel._ It is
not necessary in the present case to answer this question, for the second
agreement was not a complete agreement and, for that reason, would not have
been specifically enforceable so long as it remained incomplete. _My present
view, however, is that proprietary estoppel cannot be prayed in aid in order
to render enforceable an agreement that statute has declared to be void._ The
proposition that an owner of land can be estopped from asserting that an
agreement is void for want of compliance with the requirements of section 2
is, in my opinion, unacceptable. The assertion is no more than the statute
provides. _Equity can surely not contradict the statute_. …

[emphasis added in italics]

70 Section 2 of the Law of Property (Miscellaneous Provisions) Act 1989 (c 34)
(UK) (“the LPMPA 1989”) states as follows:

**Contracts for sale etc. of land to be made by signed writing.**

(1) A contract for the sale or other disposition of an interest in land can
only be made in writing and only by incorporating all the terms which the
parties have expressly agreed in one document or, where contracts are
exchanged, in each.….

(5) This section does not apply in relation to—

[certain types of contracts]

and nothing in this section affects the creation or operation of resulting,
implied or constructive trusts.

71 Lord Scott’s _dictum_ has been rejected or distinguished by some English
judges and roundly criticized by academics on two distinct grounds: (a)
proprietary estoppel is not founded on a contract, and accordingly does not
engage s 2(1) of the LPMPA 1989, and (b) proprietary estoppel is equivalent to
a common intention constructive trust, and thus excluded from the operation of
s 2 (see _Thorner_ at [99]; _Alvina Whittaker v Anthony David Kinnear (acting
by his agents on Gershinson and Louise Brooks of Allsop LLP being Receivers
appointed under the Law of Property Act 1925_ [2011] EWHC 1479 at [27]–[28];
Lord Neuberger of Abbotsbury, “The Stuffing of Minerva’s Owl? Taxonomy and
Taxidermy in Equity” [2009] CLJ 537 at p 546; Ben McFarlane and Andrew
Robertson “The Death of Proprietary Estoppel” [2008] LMCLQ 44; Ben McFarlane
in _The Law of Proprietary Estoppel_ (Oxford University Press, 2014) (“ _The
Law of Proprietary Estoppel_ ”) at paras 6.98–6.104).

72 The Appellant did not bring our attention to the divided views in England
on Lord Scott’s dictum in inviting us to follow Lord Scott’s policy approach
to s 7 of the CLA to hold that it bars the existence of proprietary estoppel.
We are not disposed to do so, for the following reasons. First, since we have
set aside the Judge’s decision on a claim based on proprietary estoppel, the
argument based on s 7 of the CLA is no longer relevant. Second, the court only
had the benefit of one side of the arguments (_ie_ , the Appellant’s
submission) as the 1st Respondent did not (was unable to) respond to that
argument. In fact, the Appellant also did not draw our attention to the fact
that s 2(1) of the LPMPA 1989 had elements of both s 6(d) and s 7(3) of the
CLA. Section 7(3) qualifies s 7(1) and s 7(2), and unless it can be
demonstrated that these two sub-sections apply to proprietary estoppel, s 7(3)
would not be engaged. Third, Lord Scott’s approach opens up a much larger
issue on how a Singapore court should approach the policy considerations
underlying s 7 of the CLA and balance it with the need to prevent s 6(_d_) or
s 7 (assuming either section applies to proprietary estoppel) from being used
by unscrupulous persons from resiling on their promises in reliance of
statutory formalities.

73 In _Actionstrength Ltd (t/a Vital Resources) v International Glass
Engineering IN.GL.EN SpA_ [2003] 2 AC 541 (“ _Actionstrength_ ”), Lord
Hoffmann made the following observations (at [19]­–[20]) in a case concerning
an oral guarantee, where the plaintiff argued that the defendant was estopped
from relying on the statute:

19 In an application for summary judgment such as this, which is in the nature
of a demurrer, one has to assume that Actionstrength's version is true. And
that naturally inclines one to try to find some way in which the putative
injustice can be avoided. It is, however, important to bear in mind that the
purpose of the Statute was precisely to avoid the need to decide which side
was telling the truth about whether or not an oral promise had been made and
exactly what had been promised. Parliament decided that there had been too
many cases in which the wrong side had been believed. Hence the title, “An Act
for prevention of frauds and perjuries”. …

20 The terms of the Statute therefore show that Parliament, although obviously
conscious that it would allow some people to break their promises, thought
that this injustice was outweighed by the need to protect people from being
held liable on the basis of oral utterances which were ill-considered,
ambiguous or completely fictitious. This means that while normally one would
approach the construction of a statute on the basis that Parliament was
unlikely to have intended to cause injustice by allowing people to break
promises which had been relied upon, no such assumption can be made about the
Statute. Although the scope of the Statute must be tested on the assumption
that the facts alleged by Actionstrength are true, it must not be construed in
a way which would undermine its purpose.

74 The issue of the court subverting or repealing the statutory formalities
does not arise unless the policy as expressed in the legislation is so clear
that there can only be one answer to the question. Equity cannot contradict a
statute, but only when the statute may not be contradicted. This is an issue
of statutory interpretation to determine what the legislative policy is. A
claim based on proprietary estoppel may or may not be consistent with the
policy of the legislation. An illustration of this is the judicial recognition
of part performance in relation to the Statute of Frauds 1677 (c 3) (UK) (see
_Actionstrength_ at [22]–[24]).

75 In Singapore, a series of court decisions and dicta have reached different
conclusions with respect to different legislation. Reference may be made to
the following cases:

(a) _Joshua Steven_ (at [15]), _Public Prosecutor v Intra Group (Holdings) Co
Inc_ [1991] 1 SLR(R) 154 (at [31]–[37]) and _Cupid Jewels Pte Ltd v Orchard
Central Pte Ltd and another appeal_ [2014] 2 SLR 156 (at [37]), in relation to
non-citizens acquiring or trying to acquire residential property subject to
the Residential Property Act (Cap 274, 1985 Rev Ed); and

(b) _Low Heng Leon Andy v Low Kian Beng Lawrence (administrator of the estate
of Tan Ah Kng, deceased)_ [2013] 3 SLR 710 (at [13]–[39]), in relation to non-
eligible persons acquiring or trying to acquire HDB flats protected by the
Housing and Development Act (Cap 129, 2004 Rev Ed).

76 Given the circumstances of this case, it is not appropriate for this court
to examine the the policy of s 6(_d_) and s 7 of the CLA and render a decision
on whether giving effect to a claim based on proprietary estoppel in relation
to interests in land would contradict the policy of these two sections. The
law will have to be established at a future time in some other case.

Costs

77 We reserved judgment on costs and directed the parties to file written
submissions on the costs of the trial and the appeal. After considering their
arguments, we directed as follows:

(a) The 1st Respondent shall bear the Appellant’s costs of the trial below
fixed at $65,000, and the Appellant’s costs of the appeal fixed at $22,000,
both inclusive of disbursements.

(b) The 1st Respondent shall bear Krishnavanny’s costs of the trial below
fixed at $30,000 inclusive of disbursements. Having regard to the fact that
Krishnavanny’s counsel have waived their fees for the appeal and only require
reimbursement of their disbursements, the 1st Respondent shall bear only
Krishnavanny’s disbursements for the appeal fixed at $1,800.

(c) There will also be the usual consequential orders.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 19 Oct 2015 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

