Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Enholco Pte Ltd _v_ Schonk, Antonius Martinus Mattheus and Another  
[2015] SGHC 108

Case Number| :| Suit No 212 of 2013  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 28 April 2015  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Choo Han Teck J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Dr Lau Teik Soon and Karuppiah Chandra Sekaran (Lau
Chandra & Rita LLP) for the plaintiff; See Chern Yang (Premier Law LLC) for
the defendants.  
Parties| :|  Enholco Pte Ltd — Schonk Antonius Martinus Mattheus —
International Oil and Gas Consultants Pte Ltd  
  
[LawNet Editorial Note: The appeals to this decision in Civil Appeal Nos 47
and 106 of 2015 was allowed in part by the Court of Appeal on 24 November
2015. See [2015] SGCA 65.]

28 April 2015| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Choo Han Teck J:

1 Enholco Pte Ltd (“the plaintiff”) is mainly in the business of the sale of
spare parts and providing consultancy services in the oil and gas industry.
Haank Jan Gerhard (“Gerhard”) is its managing director. Schonk Antonius
Martinus Mattheus (“the first defendant”) was an employee of the plaintiff
from 1 September 1989 till 24 August 2012. He incorporated International Oil
and Gas Consultants (“the second defendant”) on 5 April 2012 and is its sole
shareholder and director. Previously in _Enholco Pte Ltd v Schonk, Antonius
Martinus Mattheus and Another_ [2015] SGHC 20, I had allowed the plaintiff’s
claim and dismissed the defendants’ counterclaims. This judgment deals with
the assessment of damages in light of judgment for the plaintiff.

2 There are some differences between the quantum of damages and nature of
relief claimed in the plaintiff’s statement of claim and most recently in the
plaintiff’s submissions on damages. It is a fundamental principle of our
adversarial system of litigation that each party should be bound by its
pleaded case. The purpose behind this principle however, is to allow the other
party to be put on notice and have the opportunity to respond to such claims
sufficiently. As such, I assessed the damages to be awarded on the basis of
the claims and nature of reliefs that have been adduced in evidence at trial
and as set out in its statement of claim, but not what was only raised after
the trial had concluded.

3 Following from the above, the plaintiff claims that the defendants are
liable for the following heads of losses and damages that the plaintiff has
suffered:

(a) loss of plaintiff’s company car valued at $100,000;

(b) advances and personal loans taken out from the plaintiff and not returned,
valued at $575,000;

(c) unauthorised personal and travel expenses, valued at $1,226,787.63;

(d) diversion of consultancy fees and commissions, valued at $118,560;

(e) diversion of business, valued at $55,670.83; and

(f) loss of future profits, estimated between $2.8m and $4.2m.

4 In relation to claims (b) and (c) the plaintiff alleges that monies were
taken out from the plaintiff from 1994 to 2012 either on loans which have not
been returned, or were taken out for personal expenses and travel expenses
which were not authorised. But these travel and personal expenses of the first
defendant had been captured in audited account statements which the plaintiff
must have been aware of, and without raising any prior objections to them, had
impliedly authorised such expenses. I am also not satisfied that the plaintiff
has proven that the advances of $575,000 were loans, and intended to be repaid
to the plaintiff. I thus dismiss the plaintiff’s claims under these heads, and
find that on the evidence, most of the withdrawals and advances had either
been waived by the plaintiff or impliedly authorised, or have not been proven.

5 It seems to me that the plaintiff is re-classifying what was previously
merely known as its “loss of future profits” claim into the present form,
namely, as a claim for equitable compensation and/or a claim for an account of
profits. The plaintiff has particularised this claim as the loss of the Hans
Leffer contract, the loss of the Atlas Copco contract, and the deletion of
records from the plaintiff’s computers. But the plaintiff has failed to prove
that the defendants’ actions have caused it quantifiable loss. Even if we were
to examine this on the basis of equitable compensation, the plaintiff has not
discharged its evidential burden, to prove that but for the defendants’
actions, the Hans Leffer and Atlas Copco contracts would have remained with
the plaintiff after August 2012. I am not wholly convinced that these
contracts would have remained with the plaintiff because the first defendant
had been the person liaising with both companies on behalf of the plaintiff,
and there is some evidence to show that both companies were only willing to
contract with the first defendant alone. As to an account of profits, the
plaintiff has clearly elected between common law damages and an account of
profits in favour of common law damages, and it is not open to him to now
claim for both.

6 As for the rest of the claims, I find that the defendant has not returned
the plaintiff’s car to this day, and the car is valued at $100,000. I also
find that the first defendant had diverted consultancy fees and commissions
from the plaintiff to the second defendant, valued at $118,560. Although I
also find that the plaintiff had diverted business profits from LP Supplies
and Putera Resources Pte Ltd to the second defendant, the plaintiff is unable
to prove the higher sum previously claimed of $55,670.83, and is only able to
prove its losses up to the sum of $44,894.92.

7 Finally, the plaintiff has not proven the exact figure of $1,226,787.63 it
had claimed as the unauthorised personal expenses taken by the first
defendant. The burden of proof was on him. However, the facts sufficiently
indicated that the first defendant had taken doses of liberties when operating
the financial accounts. The plaintiff has similarly not proven the exact
figure between $2.8m and $4.2m as loss of future profits. However, I am
satisfied that the first defendant’s actions in deleting essential information
from the plaintiff’s computers including, but not limited to pending orders
from the plaintiff’s customers and information of promising projects, would
have caused some loss and damage to the plaintiff. I thus fix general damages
for the first defendant’s breach of duty at $50,000. This is not in
substitution of the specific damages claimed, but as an exercise of my
discretion for fixing general damages for breach after taking into account the
overall facts.

8 To conclude, I order that $313,454 be paid from the defendants to the
plaintiff as damages for the first defendant’s breaches of contract and
fidelity, trust and confidence.

9 I will hear parties on costs at a later date.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 28 Apr 2015 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

