Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Xia Zhengyan _v_ Geng Changqing  
[2015] SGCA 22

Case Number| :| Civil Appeal No 86 of 2014  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 10 April 2015  
Tribunal/Court| :| Court of Appeal  
Coram| :|  Sundaresh Menon CJ; Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA; Quentin Loh J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Chia Boon Teck, Wong Kai Yun and Ang Hou Fu (Chia Wong
LLP) for the appellant; Ng Kim Beng and Cynthea Zhou Jingdi (Rajah & Tann
Singapore LLP) for the respondent.  
Parties| :|  Xia Zhengyan — Geng Changqing  
  
10 April 2015| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA (delivering the judgment of the court):

Introduction

1 This is an appeal from the decision of the High Court Judge (“the Judge”)
whose written grounds of decision are published as _Xia Zhengyan v Geng
Changqing_ [2014] SGHC 152 (“the GD”). As we shall see in a moment, the issues
are straightforward and the applicable legal principles are also generally
clear. However, the difficulty lies in the application of the legal principles
to the _facts_ of the case and, in relation to the issue of contractual
interpretation, the (simultaneous) need to bear in mind the precise _context_
from which the relevant agreement arose.

2 In brief, this appeal concerns the Appellant’s purchase of part of the
Respondent’s interests in a chain of private children’s education centres
operating under the “Apple Plus” name. The Appellant was the plaintiff below
and she put forward two types of claims. One claim was for breach of contract,
and the other was for fraudulent misrepresentation. Both of these claims
failed wholly before the Judge. There was also a counterclaim put forward by
the Respondent which the Judge allowed. Before us, the Appellant challenges
the dismissal of her claims for breach of contract and misrepresentation as
well as the Judge’s decision allowing the Respondent’s counterclaim.

3 In so far as the Appellant’s claim in contract is concerned, the issue is
simply the scope of the Respondent’s shares and interests which parties agreed
would be transferred to the Appellant. The Respondent contends that what was
to be transferred was no more than her shares in what might roughly be called
the head or master company of the Apple Plus School business. The Appellant’s
case, on the other hand, is that this was not the only thing that the
Respondent was contractually obliged to transfer to her. She says that the
Respondent was _also_ obliged to transfer half of her other shares and
interests in the various companies and entities within the Apple Plus
business.

4 In so far as the claim in misrepresentation is concerned, the Appellant
alleged that the Respondent made no fewer than 22 misrepresentations to her
over a period of approximately ten months, and that these misrepresentations
were made fraudulently. According to the Appellant, the broad effect of all
these false representations was to convince her that the Apple Plus business
had enjoyed success in Singapore and Malaysia and had genuine plans to expand
further, not only in these two countries but also in other parts of South-East
Asia and beyond, _eg_ , Australia and Dubai. She says that she was thus
induced into agreeing to purchase the Respondent’s shares and interests in the
business.

5 In so far as the Respondent’s counterclaim is concerned, this is in relation
to an amount of $300,000 which was placed by the parties into a time deposit
joint account and which was transferred to the Appellant’s personal account a
year later on maturity of the time deposit. The Respondent’s case is simply
that the Appellant may not keep the $300,000 for herself but is contractually
obliged to transfer it back to the joint account.

Background facts

Structure of the Apple Plus business

6 As the Judge noted in the GD (at [4]), the Appellant is a Singapore
permanent resident from China. She is a homemaker with a background in
business and teaching, and holds a master’s degree in education from the
University of Cardiff.

7 The Respondent was a Singapore permanent resident from China until she
became a Singapore citizen in late 2012. She is the founder of the Apple Plus
business. The business operates on a franchising model under which the head or
master company is Apple Plus School International Pte Ltd (“the Company”);
that is to say, the Company enters into franchise agreements with other
companies under which it grants them the right to use the name “Apple Plus
School” and provides them with teaching and operational support and teaching
materials. In return, the companies pay the Company franchise fees, royalties
and materials fees. We will refer to these companies with which the Company
has franchise agreements as “Franchisees”. The Company does not own any shares
in the Franchisees.

8 As at 22 September 2011, the Company had franchise agreements with four
Franchisees in Singapore and one in Malaysia. This date is important because
it is when the Appellant and Respondent first discussed with any seriousness
the possibility of the Appellant investing in the Apple Plus business, and it
is when the Respondent is alleged to have begun her campaign of
misrepresentations. Each of the four Franchisees in Singapore operated a
school under the Apple Plus brand name and the Franchisees were named
according to the locations of the respective schools, as follows:

(a) Apple Plus School (Bukit Timah) Pte Ltd, registered on 8 March 2010;

(b) Apple Plus School (Telok Kurau) Pte Ltd, registered on 20 May 2010;

(c) Apple Plus School (Tampines) Pte Ltd, registered on 26 May 2010; and

(d) Apple Plus School (Serangoon) Pte Ltd, registered on 12 January 2011.

9 The Franchisee in Malaysia went by the name Apple Plus Sdn Bhd. The
agreement between the Company and this Malaysia Franchisee was made on what
the Respondent calls an “area franchise” basis. In contrast to the Singapore
Franchisees which proceeded on a “single unit franchise” footing, meaning that
each Franchisee could operate only one school, the Malaysia Franchisee was at
liberty to run multiple schools within a specified area and it was also free
to enter into sub-franchise agreements with third parties.

10 As at 22 September 2011, the Respondent was the sole shareholder of the
Company. Although, as we have mentioned, the Company did not own shares in the
Franchisees, the Respondent herself held shares in all but one of the
Franchisees described above and her shareholdings were as follows:

(a) 26% in Apple Plus School (Bukit Timah) Pte Ltd;

(b) 25% in Apple Plus School (Tampines) Pte Ltd;

(c) 25% in Apple Plus School (Serangoon) Pte Ltd (subsequently sold by the
Respondent to a third party on 22 October 2012); and

(d) 50% in Apple Plus Sdn Bhd.

11 It should also be noted that the Respondent is the sole proprietor of an
unincorporated entity known as Apple Plus School. We shall refer to this as
“the Sole Proprietorship”. As the Judge noted in the GD (at [7]), the Sole
Proprietorship was the registered proprietor of the “Apple Plus School” and
“Monkey Abacus” trade marks in Malaysia while the Company was the registered
proprietor of these trade marks in Singapore.

Initial contact

12 The initial contact between the Appellant and the Respondent’s Apple Plus
business occurred on 8 September 2011. According to the Appellant, she
attended the “Franchising & Licensing Asia” exhibition held on this particular
day at Marina Bay Sands with the intention of looking for a suitable business
to invest in, and she came across the Respondent’s booth. She left her contact
details and about a week and a half later, a franchise consultant sent her an
e-mail inviting her to an “Apple Plus Discovery Day” to be held at the
Serangoon school on 22 September 2011.

13 Thus, on 22 September 2011, the Appellant attended this “Apple Plus
Discovery Day” and spoke to the Respondent. The Appellant indicated that she
was not interested in participating as a shareholder in just another
Franchisee; instead, she wanted to invest in the Company itself. The Appellant
alleges that, in the course of this discussion, the Respondent made seven oral
misrepresentations relating to the Company in order to entice her into
investing in it. We will describe these seven alleged misrepresentations later
in this judgment together with the other 15 misrepresentations that were
alleged to have been made.

Early enquiries

14 Thereafter, the Appellant returned to China and consulted her family about
investing in the Apple Plus business. She returned to Singapore sometime in
the middle of October 2011. She met the Respondent on 17 October 2011 to
discuss the form as well as the terms of the proposed investment in the
business. The following day, the Appellant sent the Respondent an e-mail
requesting (i) the Company’s general operation profile, (ii) the patents and
qualifications held by the Company, (iii) the Company’s current financial
report, and (iv) the Company’s business plan for the coming years.

15 The Respondent replied two days later, on 20 October 2011. She told the
Appellant that it was difficult for her to produce the materials sought
because the Company was “still in a loss-making state”. However, she was able
to attach “a report of the development and current status” of the Company.
Much of this report was taken up by descriptions of the Respondent’s plans to
increase the extent of the Apple Plus Schools’ collaboration with government-
linked entities in Singapore and to expand into various overseas markets. The
Appellant alleges that this report gave rise to three misrepresentations, as
we shall elaborate on later. Having received this report from the Respondent,
the Appellant wrote back the following day. She told the Respondent that she
had “read through [the] report carefully”, and continued by saying, “There is
no relevant data and the situation is somewhat special. You [_sic_] sincerity
is appreciated and your enthusiasm has been infectious.”

Negotiations between the parties

16 As the Judge noted in the GD (at [12]), there were conflicting accounts as
to what happened next. The Respondent says that on 1 November 2011, she agreed
to sell half her shares in the Company to the Appellant for $1.5 million. The
Appellant says that, in mid-November 2011, the Respondent represented to her
that, with the Company’s global expansion plans, half of the shareholding in
the entire group of Apple Plus entities – that is, shareholding not only in
the Company but also in the Franchisees – would be worth $1.5 million. This,
the Appellant says, was a misrepresentation.

17 In the meantime, three more Franchisees were registered in the middle of
November 2011, bringing the total number of Singapore Franchisees to seven.
These were the (i) Redhill, (ii) Thomson, and (iii) West Coast franchises.

18 By 29 November 2011, the negotiations between the Appellant and Respondent
were sufficiently advanced for the Respondent to send the Appellant a
memorandum of understanding (“MOU”) and a draft sale and purchase agreement.
The MOU was drafted by lawyers instructed by the Respondent, but the sale and
purchase agreement appears to have been drafted without assistance from
lawyers.

19 Approximately half a month later, on 15 December 2011, the Respondent sent
the Appellant an e-mail, through her administrative manager Yan Yuan, which
simply stated “Indonesia MOU for your reference” and which attached an
unsigned MOU stated to be between the Indonesian Ministry of Education and the
Company. The Appellant alleges that this amounted to a false representation
that the Company was going to sign this particular MOU with the Indonesian
authorities around this date, in order to make her believe that the Company’s
expansion plans were going well.

20 Moving into the following year, on 2 January 2012, the Respondent sent the
Appellant an SMS which said, amongst other things, that “letters of intent for
sole agency in Vietnam and Indonesia have been signed”. The Appellant’s story
is that, around the time that this SMS was sent, the Respondent told her over
the telephone that representatives from Vietnam and Indonesia had signed
agreements with the Respondent to expand the Apple Plus group of companies in
Vietnam and Indonesia. What the Respondent allegedly stated over the telephone
was, in the Appellant’s view, a misrepresentation.

21 On 6 January 2012, the Respondent sent the Appellant a message which read
as follows: “I was calling you because of the matter regarding Indonesia. I am
talking to them now.” The Appellant alleges that this amounted to a false
representation that the Respondent was engaging in talks with representatives
from Indonesia to set up Apple Plus Schools in Indonesia.

22 That same day, the Respondent sent the Appellant another draft sale and
purchase agreement which proposed different payment terms. On the next day, 7
January 2012, the Appellant responded with a draft agreement of her own.

23 On 10 January 2012, the Respondent sent an SMS to the Appellant which read
as follows: “I will be going to Malaysia in awhile, and discuss about the
school lecture matters. Do you have the permit? We can go there together.” The
Appellant states that this SMS, together with what the Respondent said to her
over the telephone around this time, amounted to a misrepresentation that the
Respondent was negotiating with some parties in Malaysia to open Apple Plus
Schools in a few other countries.

24 A few days later, on 13 January 2012, the Respondent sent the Appellant an
SMS which read as follows: “I am going to Malaysia, to discuss about the agent
in Dubai and Philippines, this is second discussion, my husband will bring me
there, I will return tonight.” The Appellant’s case appears to be that this
SMS, together with telephone calls around this period, amounted to a
misrepresentation that the Respondent was, in Malaysia, engaged in a second
round of talks with representatives from Dubai and the Philippines to open
Apple Plus Schools in these two countries.

Signing of the sale and purchase agreement

25 On 17 January 2012, the Appellant and Respondent signed a Chinese version
of a sale and purchase agreement (“the Agreement”). Two days later, the
Appellant alleges, the Respondent brought her to see a geomancer and she was
told by the geomancer that (i) she was suited to investing in education-
related businesses, (ii) the success of her investment depended totally on the
Respondent, and (iii) the Respondent excelled at running the business and she
should not interfere in the Respondent’s running of the business. The
Appellant’s position is that these were all false representations and were a
result of collusion between the Respondent and the geomancer.

26 The following day, on 20 January 2012, the Appellant and Respondent signed
an English translation of the Agreement. As the Judge did in the GD (at [13]),
we shall set out a substantial part of the Agreement in full:

Both parties have, upon consultation, entered into the following agreement in
respect of the transfer of shares in Apple Plus School International Pte Ltd
(hereinafter referred to as Company).

1\. Pursuant to the terms of this Agreement, [the Respondent] shall transfer
the 50% share in Apple Plus School International Pte Ltd (specifically
including 50% share in Apple Plus School International Pte Ltd, 50% share in
Apple Plus School including trade mark and patent of Apple Plus School and
Monkey Abacus, 12.5% share in Apple Plus School (Tampines) Pte Ltd, 13% share
in Apple Plus School (Bukit Timah) Pte Ltd, 12.5% share in Apple Plus School
(Serangoon) Pte Ltd, 12.5% share in Apple Plus School (Thomson) Pte Ltd and
25% share in Apple Plus School (Malaysia)) held by her to [the Appellant] in
accordance with the provisions of the law.

2\. [The Appellant] agrees to accept the shares to be transferred, the
transfer price shall be SGD1,500,000 (Singapore Dollar one and a half
million), [the Appellant] shall, upon the successful transfer of the shares,
enjoy the corresponding rights and interests accorded to a shareholder under
the transferred shares and shall assume the corresponding obligations.

3\. Mode of payment, time and supplementary notes: [The Appellant] to pay in
cash (by cheque) in 3 installments, specific dates as follows:

(1) Before 31 January 2012, SGD500,000 (Singapore Dollar half a million) (of
which SGD200,000 shall be placed in the Company’s account and to be used for
the Company’s operations; payment of SGD100,000 to be made on the date of
signing of the Agreement).

(2) Before 30 April 2012, SGD500,000 (Singapore Dollar half a million).

(3) Before 30 June 2012, SGD500,000 (Singapore Dollar half a million) (of
which SGD300,000 is to be deposited into a bank account that requires the
joint signatures of [the Respondent] and [the Appellant] for withdrawals. And
if within 2 years from the effective date of this Agreement, (January 2012 to
January 2014), total bonus received by [the Appellant], excluding salary,
exceeds SGD500,000, all monies in the joint account shall be given to [the
Respondent] unconditionally; if within 4 years from the effective date of this
Agreement, (January 2012 to January 2016), total bonus received by [the
Appellant], excluding salary, does not exceed SGD500,000, all monies in the
joint account shall be given to [the Appellant] unconditionally).

4\. Creation of Shareholder: Upon [the Appellant’s] payment of the 2nd
instalment to [the Respondent], i.e. after 30 April 2012, [the Appellant]
shall be accorded the status of a shareholder and shall become an official
shareholder of the Company. The relevant formalities for registration of
changes shall be completed within 15 days.

5\. Rights and obligations

(1) Within 6 months from the date of signing this Agreement, [the Respondent]
shall be responsible for the Company’s major decisions while [the Appellant]
shall participate in its management; after the 6-month period, [the
Respondent] and [the Appellant] shall be jointly involved in the Company’s
decision-making process and management.

(2) [The Appellant] shall from the day she becomes the Company’s shareholder,
be jointly responsible with [the Respondent] for the Company’s profits and
losses.

6\. Warranties, Undertakings and Force Majeure

(1) [The Respondent] warrants that she has full disposition rights in respect
of the transfer of the Company’s shares (no mortgage, pledge or security
created and exempted from any 3rd party claims), otherwise, all liabilities
arising thereof shall be borne by [the Respondent].

(2) A franchisee currently in operation shall continue to operate as per the
agreement entered into with the Company, the signing of this Agreement shall
in no way affect the operations of the franchisee.

…

7\. Dispute Resolution

...

(2) Both parties agree that for the period between the signing of the
Agreement to the time [the Appellant] becomes a shareholder officially, if
[the Respondent] refuses to transfer the shares to [the Appellant], [the
Respondent] must return all monies paid by [the Appellant] within 1 month and
to pay [the Appellant] a sum of SGD100,000 in penalty.

…

27 We would reiterate that, as at 20 January 2012, the Respondent was the sole
shareholder of the Company. In addition, she owned the Sole Proprietorship and
was also a shareholder in four Singapore Franchisees and one in Malaysia in
the following manner:

(a) 25% in Apple Plus School (Tampines) Pte Ltd;

(b) 26% in Apple Plus School (Bukit Timah) Pte Ltd;

(c) 25% in Apple Plus School (Serangoon) Pte Ltd (subsequently sold by the
Respondent to a third party on 22 October 2012);

(d) 25% in Apple Plus School (Thomson) Pte Ltd; and

(e) 50% in Apple Plus Sdn Bhd.

28 In essence, the Appellant’s claim in contract rests on the contention that
the words in cl 1 of the Agreement contained in parentheses and starting with
“specifically including…” obliged the Respondent to transfer not only half of
her shares in the Company but _also_ half of all her interests in the
Franchisees and the Sole Proprietorship. The Respondent’s position, however,
is that her obligation under cl 1 was to transfer half of her shares in the
Company and nothing more than that.

Events subsequent to the signing of the Agreement

29 From January 2012, the Appellant was involved in the Apple Plus business.
It is not disputed that she had performed at least some administrative tasks,
but, by and large, parties differ on the extent of the Appellant’s
participation in the business. The Appellant claims that she was marginalised
by the Respondent and given only menial tasks, and that the Respondent
secretly diverted business away from the Company to other entities which she
controlled in order to reduce the value of the Appellant’s stake in the
Company. The Respondent, on the other hand, states that she viewed the
Appellant as a business partner, except that the Appellant was neither
committed nor competent and thus created trouble for the business instead.

30 The Appellant also alleges that, even after the English version of the
Agreement was signed on 20 January 2012, the Respondent continued to make
misrepresentations to her. Five such misrepresentations were alleged to have
been made up until June 2012, and we shall describe them later.

31 What is clear is that in October and November 2012, the parties began to
speak about the possibility of one of them buying over the other’s shares.
These discussions did not come to fruition and eventually the Appellant
commenced the present action against the Respondent.

Facts relating to the Respondent’s counterclaim

32 On 4 July 2012, the parties opened a joint time deposit bank account into
which they deposited $300,000 for a term of 12 months. A year later, on 4 July
2013, this sum of $300,000 was credited into the Appellant’s account on
maturity of the time deposit. The Appellant declined to transfer it back to
the joint account as requested by the Respondent.

The alleged misrepresentations

33 This is a convenient point at which to set out all 22 misrepresentations
that the Respondent is alleged to have made to the Appellant. In the course of
narrating the facts of this case, we have already mentioned some of these
misrepresentations. Nonetheless, we shall list all of them here in order that
they might be assigned letters of the alphabet which we will hereafter use to
refer to them. We shall adopt what was set out by the Judge in his GD (at
[27]):

(a) The Respondent owned a company which was the “headquarters of six
franchised companies” which operated the Apple Plus School as at 22 September
2011;

(b) The Respondent owned shares in three of the said six franchised companies
(_ie_ , the Franchisees) as at 22 September 2011;

(c) The Respondent had two Apple Plus Schools in Malaysia as at 22 September
2011;

(d) The Respondent was in the midst of negotiating with Indonesian parties to
open Apple Plus Schools in Indonesia as at 22 September 2011;

(e) Apple Plus Schools produced their own children’s textbooks as at 22
September 2011;

(f) Apple Plus Schools owned the patent and trade mark of the unique nine-
beaded “Monkey Abacus” system as at 22 September 2011;

(g) The Respondent was the sole controller of the entire group of Apple Plus
companies and schools as at 22 September 2011;

(h) The Respondent had collaboration with four public and three private
kindergartens, as stated in her report of 20 October 2011;

(i) The Respondent had expansion plans in Singapore, Malaysia, Indonesia,
Australia, China and the Philippines, as stated in her report of 20 October
2011;

(j) The Respondent was in the process of registering a patent for her “Monkey
Abacus” system in four countries, as stated in her report of 20 October 2011;

(k) With the Respondent’s grand plans for expansion in the near future, half
of her shares in all her Apple Plus School companies would be worth $1.5
million as of November 2011;

(l) The Company was signing an MOU with Indonesia’s Ministry of Education
around mid-December 2011;

(m) As of 2 January 2012, representatives from Vietnam and Indonesia had
signed agreements with the Respondent to expand the Apple Plus group of
companies in Vietnam and Indonesia;

(n) As of 6 January 2012, the Respondent was engaging in talks with
representatives from Indonesia to set up Apple Plus Schools in Indonesia;

(o) As of 10 January 2012, the Respondent was negotiating with some parties in
Malaysia to open Apple Plus Schools in a few other countries;

(p) As of 13 January 2012, the Respondent was in Malaysia engaged in a second
round of talks with representatives from Dubai and the Philippines to open
Apple Plus Schools in these two countries;

(q) On 19 January 2012, the Respondent’s geomancer colluded with the
Respondent to advise the Appellant that she should not interfere in the
Respondent’s running of the business;

(r) Throughout February 2012, the Respondent was very busy opening new offices
and classrooms, and tying up with various kindergartens;

(s) In early May 2012, the Respondent was negotiating with interested parties
in China to open an Apple Plus School there;

(t) On 23 May 2012, the Respondent had signed an agreement to open five to six
PAP Community Foundation kindergartens in Jurong;

(u) As of late May 2012, four clients from Batam were confirmed to be setting
up at least two Apple Plus Schools in Batam in mid-June 2012; and

(v) As of June 2012, there was a company which would connect the Apple Plus
group of schools to Government primary schools, and there were business plans
on how to charge the students and methods to ensure the Apple Plus Schools’
monopoly of the market.

34 The Judge referred to these alleged misrepresentations as statements (a) to
(v) and we shall do likewise. At the hearing before us, we asked Mr Chia Boon
Teck (“Mr Chia”), counsel for the Appellant, whether it was possible to narrow
the scope of the appeal by identifying the key or essential
misrepresentations. Mr Chia suggested that nine of them might be thought to be
the main ones, namely, statements (a), (c), (f), (h), (i), (l), (m), (n) and
(p). Looking at the statements, we agree with Mr Chia’s assessment, but we
would go further and say that, in our view, there is controversy only in
relation to _two_ of them and we further confine the scope of the inquiry
accordingly (see below at [86]). In the circumstances, we do not wish to
lengthen this judgment unduly by giving the others any detailed treatment.

The decision in the court below

35 As we have mentioned, the Judge dismissed entirely the Appellant’s claims
in both contract and misrepresentation. In so far as the claim in contract was
concerned, he held that, construing the Agreement as a whole, the Respondent
was not obliged under cl 1 to transfer anything more than her shares in the
Company to the Appellant. In other words, the Judge held that the Respondent
was not obliged to transfer her shares and interests in the Franchisees and
the Sole Proprietorship. The Judge thought that the Appellant’s interpretation
of cl 1 was to be rejected for a few reasons: (i) it did not make sense to
speak of transferring half of the Respondent’s shares in the Sole
Proprietorship, (ii) since the Respondent was only a minority shareholder in
the Franchisees, she would have been unable to compel each Franchisee’s board
to register a transfer of shares to the Appellant, (iii) cl 4 of the Agreement
provided a timeline for the transfer of the Respondent’s shares in the Company
but not her other shares and interests, suggesting that only the shares in the
Company were to be transferred, and (iv) the warranty of full disposition
rights in cl 6 covered only the Respondent’s shares in the Company.

36 In so far as the claims in misrepresentation are concerned, we do not
propose to delve into his reasoning on each of the 22 alleged
misrepresentations. We shall summarise his reasoning, as follows. First,
misrepresentations (q) to (v) could not have induced the Appellant into
entering the Agreement since they were made after she had signed it. Secondly,
there was no, or insufficient, evidence to demonstrate that representations
(b), (c), (g), (m), (n), (o) and (p) were false to begin with. Thirdly,
representations (a), (e) and (h) were too vague or ambiguous and hence could
not be said with certainty to be false. Fourthly, the Respondent might
inadvertently have used the Chinese term for “patent” when she meant “trade
mark” in representations (f) and (j), and, in any event, the Appellant must
have known that the Respondent could not have meant “patent”. Fifthly,
representations (d), (i) and (l) were statements as to future intention and
there was insufficient evidence that the Respondent did not genuinely harbour
those intentions at the time. Sixthly, and finally, representation (k) was
mere “puff” that no reasonable person would have taken seriously.

37 Finally, the Judge allowed the Respondent’s counterclaim. He held that,
with reference to cl 3.3 of the Agreement, the $300,000 which had found its
way into the Appellant’s personal account ought to be transferred back to the
joint account owned by both parties.

Our decision

The Appellant’s claims in contract

Interpretation of cl 1 of the Agreement

38 The determination of this particular issue turns wholly on the
interpretation of cl 1, which we reproduce again for convenience, as follows:

Pursuant to the terms of this Agreement, Party A [_ie_ , the Respondent] shall
transfer the 50% share in Apple Plus School International Pte Ltd
_(specifically including 50% share in Apple Plus School International Pte Ltd,
50% share in Apple Plus School including trade mark and patent of Apple Plus
School and Monkey Abacus, 12.5% share in Apple Plus School (Tampines) Pte Ltd,
13% share in Apple Plus School (Bukit Timah) Pte Ltd, 12.5% share in Apple
Plus School (Serangoon) Pte Ltd, 12.5% share in Apple Plus School (Thomson)
Pte Ltd and 25% share in Apple Plus School (Malaysia))_ held by her to Party B
[_ie_ , the Appellant] in accordance with the provisions of the law. [emphasis
added]

39 It might be helpful to note what the parties do _not_ dispute. First, they
do not dispute that cl 1 requires the Respondent to transfer 50% of her shares
in the Company to the Appellant and that the Respondent had in fact effected
the said transfer in June 2012.

40 Secondly, it appears that the parties do not dispute the Judge’s finding
(see the GD at [23]) that the Appellant is entitled _at least_ to 50% of the
_beneficial_ interest of _the Respondent’s_ shares in the Sole Proprietorship
as well as the various Franchisees (both these sets of shares which belong to
the Respondent are hereafter referred to collectively as “the Remaining
Shares”). However, even if there was a dispute on this point, we are of the
view that the Judge’s finding in this regard is nevertheless correct, inasmuch
as the Respondent’s obligation under cl 1 _at least_ encompassed the duty to
transfer the beneficial interest.

41 Not surprisingly, however, the Appellant maintains that she was entitled to
have the _legal interest_ transferred to her _as well_ , and this was the
material issue. Put simply, the parties _dispute_ whether cl 1 _also_ requires
the Respondent to _transfer_ (_in addition to_ 50% of the shares in the
Company, which had in fact been done) _50% of the Remaining Shares themselves_
to the Appellant. In particular, the issue of contractual interpretation turns
on the words in parentheses in cl 1 (as italicised above at [38]). The
Appellant argues that the Respondent was contractually obliged to transfer 50%
of the Remaining Shares to her and that, in failing to do so, the Respondent
had acted in breach of cl 1. This alleged breach triggered, the Appellant
further argued, cl 7.2 of the Agreement, which reads as follows:

Both parties agree that for the period between the signing of the Agreement to
the time [the Appellant] becomes a shareholder officially, **_if_** _[the
Respondent]_**_refuses to transfer_**** __the shares__** _to [the Appellant]_
, _[the Respondent]_**_must return all monies paid_** _by [the Appellant]
within 1 month_** __and__** _to pay [the Appellant]_ a sum of _SGD100,000_**
__in penalty__**. [emphasis added in italics, bold italics and underlined bold
italics]

42 The Appellant submits that the effect of cl 7.2 was that the Respondent,
not having transferred “the shares” to the Appellant (which she argued
included 50% of the Remaining Shares, with only 50% of the shares in the
Company having hitherto been transferred to her), would have (within one
month) to return all the monies she (_ie_ , the Appellant) had paid to the
Respondent (_viz_ , $1.5 million) _and_ also pay the Appellant an _additional_
$100,000.

43 Not surprisingly, the Respondent argues to the _contrary_. In particular,
she argues that she was – pursuant to cl 1 – only contractually obliged to
transfer 50% of the shares in the Company and not 50% of the Remaining Shares.
As she had in fact transferred 50% of the shares in the Company, she had
fulfilled her contractual obligations in this particular regard and hence cl
7.2 did not apply (in this last-mentioned regard, the phrase “the shares” in
cl 7.2 referred _only_ to 50% of the shares in the Company and _not_ to these
shares _as well as_ 50% of the Remaining Shares).

44 As we have already noted, the Judge accepted the Respondent’s arguments. At
this juncture, it might be appropriate to set out the Judge’s reasoning on
this particular issue in full (see the GD at [22]–[26]), as follows:

22 Whether the [Respondent] had breached the Agreement depends on how clause 1
of the Agreement should be interpreted. The [Appellant] contended that the
provision contained in parentheses (“specifically including … Apple Plus
School (Malaysia)”) clearly provided for the transfer of 50% of the
Defendant’s shares in [the Sole Proprietorship] and the Franchisees.

23 In my judgment, however, this provision was ambiguous and did not clearly
state that the shares in [the Sole Proprietorship] and the Franchisees had to
be transferred to the [Appellant]. If the [Appellant] were correct, then it
would have made more sense for those shares to be set out individually in
clause 1 as shares to be transferred, instead of being encapsulated in
parentheses and described as being “included” as part of the [Respondent’s]
50% shareholding in the Company. In my view, clause 1, although clumsily
drafted, was more consistent with the Defendant’s account that the parties had
intended for the [Respondent’s] 50% shareholding in the Company to also
include 50% of her _beneficial_ interests in the Franchisees and the
trademarks, without the need for those shares to be transferred to the
[Appellant].

24 Moreover, it is trite that a contract should be interpreted in a holistic
manner having regard to the document as a whole: _Zurich Insurance (Singapore)
Pte Ltd v B-Gold Interior Design & Construction Pte Ltd [2008] 3 SLR(R) 1029_
at [131]. The interpretation of clause 1 contended for by the [Appellant] was
simply inconsistent with the rest of the Agreement:

(a) First, clause 4 only provided a timeline for the transfer of the shares in
the Company to the [Appellant]; no provision was made for the transfer of the
shares in the Franchisees.

(b) Second, the warranty of full disposition rights in clause 6.1 only covered
the [Respondent’s] shares in the Company, and not her shares in the
Franchisees.

If the parties’ intention was for the shares in the Franchisees to be
transferred to the [Appellant], then surely clauses 4 and 6.1 would have
referred to the shares in the Franchisees as well.

25 There was also other evidence indicating that the parties did not intend
for an actual transfer of shares in [the Sole Proprietorship] and the
Franchisees to be effected. First, as [the Sole Proprietorship] was a sole
proprietorship, it made no sense to speak of the [Respondent] transferring 50%
of her shares in [the Sole Proprietorship] to the [Appellant]. Second, since
the [Respondent] was only a minority shareholder in the Franchisees, she would
have been unable to compel the board of each Franchisee to register a transfer
of shares to the [Respondent].

26 Thus, I preferred the [Respondent’s] interpretation of clause 1 and found
that she was not in breach of it.

45 It is apparent that the Judge’s decision in this regard was based on a
close scrutiny of the actual language used in cl 1, as well as a consideration
of which interpretation cohered better with the other clauses in the
Agreement, in particular, cll 4 and 6.1. These are the usual means by which
lawyers and judges seek to ascertain the meaning of legal documents such as
contracts, and thus one can understand why the Judge had recourse to them.
_However_ , it is equally imperative, in our view, to pay heed to the
_context_ in which the Agreement was made and which, with respect, was _not_
considered by the Judge.

46 There are two key aspects to this context. First, the Agreement was in
_Chinese_ , although the Judge was (understandably) looking at the English
_translation_ – as we also did. Secondly (and in a closely related vein), the
Agreement was in fact _drafted_ by _the parties themselves (with no legal
advice as such)_. What is of crucial significance in this regard is that, as a
result of what we have just noted, the terms of the Agreement in general and
cl 1 thereof in particular **_cannot_** be read _as if they had been_**
_drafted by lawyers_** _who were_ , ex hypothesi, **_aware_** _of_** _the
legal significance_** _of the relevant language of the terms of the Agreement
itself_. Indeed (and this brings us back to the first point noted at the
outset of this paragraph), given that the Agreement was drafted in Chinese,
even the _English translation_ of the relevant terms of the Agreement cannot
be analysed and interpreted in the manner that laypersons whose _first
language was English_ would be accustomed to.

47 With respect (and as we shall elaborate upon below), it appears to us that
the Judge interpreted the Agreement in general and cl 1 thereof in particular
as if it had been drafted originally in the _English language by parties whose
first language was English_** _and_** as if it had been drafted by _lawyers_.
Understandably, this (erroneous) approach with regard to the context in which
the Agreement was made coloured the legal lenses through which he analysed the
terms of the Agreement in general and cl 1 thereof in particular. In our
opinion, this was _the_ essential error of the Judge, and this will be a
central theme throughout our analysis on the contract point.

48 Whilst we agree with the Judge that cl 1 is “ambiguous” (see the GD at
[23]), such ambiguity stems from the fact that the Agreement as a whole was
not originally drafted in English and was in fact drafted by laypersons
(instead of lawyers); neither was there any input from any lawyer. With
respect, however, the Judge appeared to construe the ambiguity engendered in
cl 1 _without_ bearing the aforementioned context in mind. Hence, his
observation that, if the Appellant were correct, “it would have _made more
sense_ for [the Remaining Shares] to be _set out individually_ in [cl 1] as
shares to be transferred, **_instead of being encapsulated in parentheses and
described as being “included”_** as part of the [Respondent’s] 50%
shareholding in the company” (see the GD at [23]) [emphasis added in italics
and bold italics]. The Judge then proceeded to observe that “[cl 1], although
clumsily drafted, was more consistent with the [Respondent’s] account that the
parties had intended for the [Respondent’s] 50% shareholding in the Company to
also include 50% of her _beneficial_ interests in the Franchisees and the
trade marks, without the need for those shares to be transferred to the
[Appellant]” (see the GD at [23]) [emphasis in original]. In our view, to hold
– as the Judge did – that the parties had intended that there be no transfer
of 50% of the Remaining Shares to the Appellant, whilst _simultaneously_
holding that the parties had nevertheless intended the Appellant to obtain the
_beneficial_ interest in these very same shares appears, with respect, to
attribute to the parties (who, it will be recalled, were _laypersons_ whose
first language was _not_ English) _legal_ knowledge as well as acumen which
they were unlikely to have possessed.

49 In this respect, however, there is, admittedly, a certain degree of
uncertainty in so far as it is unclear whether the Judge had intended to use
“beneficial interests” in the sense which any lawyer with a background in
equity and trusts would be familiar with (_ie_ , an _equitable_ interest, as
opposed to a _legal_ interest) _or_ in the lay sense as referring loosely to
some form of benefit. It bears noting that the Judge also allowed the
Respondent’s claim for rectification of cl 1, as follows (see the GD at [58]):

Pursuant to the terms of this Agreement, Party A [_ie_ , the Respondent] shall
transfer the 50% share in Apple Plus School International Pte Ltd
(specifically including 50% share in Apple Plus School International Pte Ltd,
_50%__~~share~~_ _of the benefit of her personal interest_ in Apple Plus
School including trade mark and patent of Apple Plus School and Monkey Abacus,
12.5% share in Apple Plus School (Tampines) Pte Ltd, 13% share in Apple Plus
School (Bukit Timah) Pte Ltd, 12.5% share in Apple Plus School (Serangoon) Pte
Ltd, 12.5% share in Apple Plus School (Thomson) Pte Ltd and 25% share in Apple
Plus School (Malaysia) held by her to Party B [_ie_ , the Appellant] in
accordance with the provisions of the law.

This suggests that the Judge may, in his usage of the term “beneficial
interests”, have been referring to a benefit _per se_ , as opposed to an
equitable interest in the sense which lawyers understand but which laypersons
may not. That having been said, it is our view that, even if that was the
case, the _(corresponding) legal position_ , as opposed to the practical
effect of cl 1, would still need to be determined by the court, and that would
still entail having regard to both the legal _as well as_ the equitable
interests in the Remaining Shares. Put simply, the Agreement in general and cl
1 in particular were intended to reflect _the legal position between the
parties_.

50 At bottom, our view is that the Judge’s interpretation would have had much
more legal traction had the Agreement in general and cl 1 in particular been
drafted by _lawyers_ instead (or were at least drafted with the benefit of
legal advice). If this had been drafted by _lawyers_ (or was at least drafted
with the benefit of legal advice), it would have been much more persuasive to
state that the placement of the material words _in parentheses_ suggests that
a distinction was intended to be drawn between the shares in the Company on
one hand and the interest in the Sole Proprietorship and shares in the
Franchisees on the other – the distinction being that legal ownership of the
former _but not of the latter_ was to be transferred. However, as we have
already emphasised, this was _not_ the correct context. With respect, the
infelicitous (or, as the Judge put it, clumsy) drafting can be explained by
the fact (as already noted above) that the Agreement in general and cl 1 in
particular were drafted in Chinese by parties whose first language was not
English _and_ who were laypersons acting without the benefit of legal advice.
In our view, this context requires that we eschew a strict construction of the
structure and language of cl 1, and adopt instead a more common-sense approach
that considers the reasonable and probable expectations that parties would
have had.

51 Looking at the Agreement as a whole, it seems to us more likely than not
that the Appellant, as a layperson, was (as she had claimed) expecting to
receive the _entire_ interest in the Remaining Shares (and this included not
only the beneficial interest (as the Judge found) _but also_ the _legal_
interest as well, with the latter entailing a _transfer_ of the actual shares
themselves). We say this for a number of reasons. First, it was not disputed
that _the Appellant_ had taken over the drafting of (and had, in fact,
drafted) the final version of the contract between the parties, _viz_ , the
Agreement. It is hardly likely that she would have drafted the Agreement in a
manner that was in fact _less advantageous_ to her (compared to the earlier
draft agreements, which we will consider below), and it is equally unlikely
that the Respondent would have understood her to have done so.

52 Secondly, some weight ought to be given to the fact that parties _even
mentioned the Remaining Shares at all_ in cl 1, and, more than that, prefaced
such mention with the emphatic words “specifically including”. Where it is
stated that a party “shall transfer X (specifically including Y)” – as it is
stated in cl 1 – we think that the most natural understanding of this to a
layperson would be that the obligation to transfer X attaches equally to Y.
Otherwise, why make reference to Y at all? _If_ the Remaining Shares had been
owned by the Company, the argument could perhaps be made that the allusion to
the Remaining Shares within parentheses was designed to do no more than to
make it clear that ownership of the Company’s shares would necessarily be
accompanied by the acquisition of some sort of interest in the Remaining
Shares by virtue of the Company’s ownership of those shares. But this was not
the case – the Remaining Shares were owned by the Respondent and not the
Company. In these circumstances, the most plausible reason why the Remaining
Shares were even mentioned at all was that parties contemplated that half of
the Remaining Shares would also be transferred to the Appellant.

53 Thirdly, and finally, the Appellant was paying the Respondent a very
substantial sum of money (_ie_ , $1.5 million) for the shares that she was
purchasing. It seems improbable to us that she would have agreed to part with
this amount had she not understood that she would receive 50% of _all_ of the
Respondent’s shares in the _entire_ Apple Plus business. It is noteworthy that
the Respondent herself accepted in her affidavit of evidence-in-chief that the
price of $1.5 million “reflected the value of not only half [her] shares in
the Company, but also half of what [she] owned in the Franchisees”. The
Respondent did explain further that the agreement between parties was that the
shares in the Franchisees would not actually be transferred “so as not to
disrupt the management and operations of the Franchisees”, but we would
venture to state that we think that this was inherently improbable. In the
first place, transferring shares in the Franchisees to the Appellant would
make her nothing more than a shareholder, and she would have nothing more than
the limited management powers of an ordinary shareholder. Moreover, the
Respondent was only a _minority shareholder with a 25% or 26% stake_ in the
Singapore Franchisees. If the Respondent transferred half her shares in the
Singapore Franchisees to the Appellant, they would each hold a _mere 12.5% or
13% stake_ – it is difficult to see how the Appellant would be in a position
to exert any substantial control in the management and operations of these
Franchisees.

54 Returning to the Judge’s interpretation of the other terms of the
Agreement, as we have noted above (at [45]), the Judge also referred to cl 4
as well as cl 6.1 of the Agreement (see the GD at [24]). With respect, the
infelicitous drafting can be explained, once again, along the lines already
noted above – in particular, that the Agreement in general and these clauses
in particular were drafted in Chinese by parties whose first language was not
English _and_ who were laypersons acting without the benefit of legal advice.
Lawyers, of course, would be aware (or would be expected to be aware) that
legal documents have to be interpreted in a holistic manner, so that the
drafting of one part of it might affect the meaning to be ascribed to another
part. However, the same is not true of laypersons. It would hardly be
surprising if laypersons perceived cll 4 and 6.1 as points of peripheral
importance relative to cl 1, which sets out _the_ obligation of the Respondent
under the Agreement, and hence did not devote much attention to them. With
this in mind, given the context in which the Agreement was drafted, we think
that cll 4 and 6.1 are of little probative value in determining the correct
interpretation of cl 1.

55 We also note that the Judge had pointed to “other evidence indicating that
the parties did not intend for an actual transfer of shares in [the Sole
Proprietorship] and the Franchisees to be effected” (see the GD at [25]). As
the Judge observed (see _ibid_):

First, as [the Sole Proprietorship] was a sole proprietorship, it made no
sense to speak of the [Respondent] transferring 50% of her shares in [the Sole
Proprietorship] to the [Appellant]. Second, since the [Respondent] was only a
minority shareholder in the Franchisees, she would have been unable to compel
the board of each Franchisee to register a transfer of shares to the
[Respondent].

56 With respect, we are unable to agree with the observations by the Judge
quoted in the preceding paragraph. In so far as the first observation is
concerned, whilst it is true that it made no sense, in strict _legal_ terms,
to speak of a transfer of _shares_ in respect of _a sole proprietorship_ ,
this must be considered against the relevant context, _ie_ , the fact that the
Agreement in general and cl 1 in particular were drafted in Chinese by parties
whose first language was not English _and_ who were laypersons acting without
the benefit of legal advice. It is most probable that laypersons such as the
Appellant and the Respondent would not have appreciated the conceptual
differences between a sole proprietorship and a company. Therefore, the mere
fact that a supposed obligation to transfer a thing is legally impossible
because of the nature of the thing itself does not mean that parties did not
genuinely intend that there should be an obligation to transfer that very
thing.

57 And, in so far as the Judge’s second observation is concerned, context is
again all-important; it is unlikely that the parties would have been aware of
the legal requirements for registering a transfer of shares. Further, even on
its own terms, there is, with respect, a potential difficulty in any event
with this second observation.

58 A quick perusal of the constitutional documents of the Franchisees suggests
that there is no specific requirement for the board to approve any transfer of
_fully paid up_ shares. For instance, the relevant provisions concerning the
transfer of shares _vis-à-vis_ Apple Plus School (Bukit Timah) Pte Ltd, one of
the Franchisees listed within the parentheses of cl 1, state as follows:

20\. Subject to these Regulations, any member may transfer all or any of his
shares by instrument in writing in any usual or common form or in any other
form which the directors may approve. ...

21\. The instrument of transfer must be left for registration at the
registered office of the company together with such fee, not exceeding $1 as
the directors from time to time may require, accompanied by the certificate of
the shares to which it relates and such other evidence as the directors may
reasonably require to show the right of the transferor to make the transfer,
and thereupon the company shall subject to the powers vested in the directors
by these Regulations register the transferee as a shareholder and retain the
instrument of transfer.

22\. The directors may decline to register any transfer of shares, not being
fully paid shares to a person of whom they do not approve and may also decline
to register any transfer of shares on which the company has a lien.

59 It is not disputed that the relevant shares in the Franchisees were fully
paid up and were not subject to any lien. Therefore, Art 22 (reproduced in the
preceding paragraph) would not be applicable. In the circumstances, there
would have been no need for the Respondent to seek board approval for the
transfer of any shares to the Appellant.

60 In our view, therefore, we agree with the Appellant’s interpretation of cl
1 and there is, in the circumstances, _no need_ to consider the Appellant’s
reliance on the _prior drafts_ of the Agreement. The Appellant’s argument in
this respect was simply that the way in which the drafts developed and were
refined demonstrates that the Respondent’s obligation under cl 1 must have
been to transfer _legal ownership_ of the shares in _all_ the relevant
entities in the Apple Plus business. Indeed, it was by no means clear that
such reliance on prior drafts would be permitted as a matter of course.
However, as parties made detailed reference to some of these prior drafts on
appeal, we will make some observations thereon.

Reliance on prior drafts of the Agreement

61 As just mentioned, the Appellant relied heavily on the earlier draft
agreements in support of her argument that the parties had also intended an
actual transfer of 50% of the Remaining Shares. These were draft agreements
sent by the Respondent to the Appellant on 29 November 2011 and 6 January
2012. The material parts of these drafts read, respectively, as follows:

WHEREAS:

The [Respondent] is the registered and beneficial owner of the whole Company
of Apple Plus School International Pte. Ltd. (the “Company”).

The [Appellant] has expressed a desire to purchase and the [Respondent] has
expressed a desire to sell 50% __of the Company Shares stated in Part A__.

…

Upon signing of this agreement, the [Appellant] shall pay the [Respondent] a
non-refundable down payment of … (SGD $100,000/-) being part of S$1,500,000/-
non refundable deposit for to purchase 50% of the Company shares stated in
Part A

_Set as Part A_

Company Shares owner of [the Respondent]: …

-Apple Plus School International Pte Ltd [_ie_ , the Company] |  100%  
---|---  
-Apple Plus School [_ie_ , the Sole Proprietorship] |  100%  
-Apple Plus School (Tampines) Pte Ltd |  25%  
-Apple Plus School (Bukit Timah) Pte Ltd |  26%  
-Apple Plus School (Serangoon) Pte Ltd |  25%  
-Apple Plus School (Thomson) Pte Ltd |  25%  
-Apple Plus School (Malaysia) |  50%  
|  
  
  

…

[emphasis added in underlined italics]

If, in fact, the Agreement had used the language in these drafts, the
Appellant would (leaving aside the analysis which we have already proffered
above) have had a very strong case for arguing that the Respondent was also
obliged to transfer her shares in the Sole Proprietorship and the Franchisees.
The drafts quite unambiguously indicate that _all_ the shares listed in “Part
A” – in the Company as well as the Sole Proprietorship and the Franchisees –
are to be transferred.

62 Unfortunately, both the Appellant and the Respondent failed to make _any_
submissions on whether these draft agreements, which fall under the broader
category of _pre_ -contractual negotiations, are, as a matter of _law_ ,
admissible and relevant for the purposes of contractual interpretation.
Without entering into a comprehensive discussion on the issue of whether pre-
contractual negotiations ought to be wholly excluded from the domain of
contractual interpretation, it bears noting that this court had made the
following observations in _Sembcorp Marine Ltd v PPL Holdings Pte Ltd and
another and another appeal_ [2013] 4 SLR 193 (“ _Sembcorp Marine_ ”) at [75]:

Before leaving this issue, we make one final observation. Asst Prof Goh has,
after a comprehensive survey of the historical literature on the law governing
the _admissibility of prior negotiations_ , argued that the seemingly blanket
exclusionary rule against the admissibility of prior negotiations was a
product of a historical misstep by the courts and is inconsistent with the EA
[_ie_ , the Evidence Act] ... _We prefer to leave for another occasion the
consideration of whether this argument is to be accepted in principle; and if
so, whether evidence of prior negotiations should nonetheless be excluded as
irrelevant or unhelpful for the policy reasons set out by Lord Hoffmann in_
Chartbrook _... or on the ground that it may amount to parol evidence of
subjective intent and not fall within ss 97 to 100 of the EA_. Whichever way
that may eventually be resolved, any future attempt to rely on such material
should be made with full consciousness of the concerns already expressed and
in compliance with the pleading requirements we have just prescribed.
[emphasis added]

Hence, the issue of whether evidence of prior negotiations should be included
under Singapore law remains _open_. This court’s earlier _rejection_ of a
_blanket_ prohibition on all evidence of pre-contractual negotiations (see
_Zurich Insurance (Singapore) Pte Ltd v B-Gold Interior Design & Construction
Pte Ltd_ [2008] 3 SLR(R) 1029 (“ _Zurich Insurance_ ”) at [132(d)]) is also a
significant departure from the English position set out in the leading House
of Lords decisions of _Investors Compensation Scheme Ltd v West Bromwich
Building Society_ [1998] 1 WLR 896 (“ _ICS_ ”) and _Chartbrook Ltd and another
v Persimmon Homes Ltd and another_ [2009] 1 AC 1101 (“ _Chartbrook_ ”).

63 In any event, it should be noted that this court in _Zurich Insurance_ laid
down three requirements to govern the admissibility of such extrinsic evidence
(assuming that there was no overriding objection in principle to admitting
such evidence in the first place). First, the evidence had to be relevant.
Secondly, the evidence had to be reasonably available to all the contracting
parties. Thirdly, the evidence had to relate to a clear and obvious context.

64 In so far as the first requirement is concerned, this court, in _Zurich
Insurance_ (at [125]), endorsed Lord Hoffmann’s view in _ICS_ at 913 – as
clarified by Lord Hoffmann himself in the subsequent House of Lords decision
of _Bank of Credit and Commerce International SA v Ali and others_ [2002] 1 AC
251 at [39] – that extrinsic evidence is admissible in so far as it would
affect the way in which the language of the document would have been
understood by a reasonable person. Turning to the facts of the present appeal
(and assuming, for the moment, that it is potentially possible to admit the
earlier draft agreements as evidence in the first place), although it could be
argued that this first requirement has not been satisfied inasmuch as the
earlier draft agreements are substantially different from the (final)
Agreement entered into by the parties and that, in those circumstances, the
draft agreements cannot be said to have affected the way in which the language
of the (final) Agreement would have been understood by a reasonable person due
to the significant differences in wording, this particular argument assumes,
once again, that the draft agreements as well as the Agreement itself were
originally drafted in the English language by lawyers or at least with the
benefit of legal advice. As we have underscored at many points in this
judgment, this assumption is a mistaken one. The draft agreements as well as
the Agreement were in fact drafted in _Chinese and_ were drafted by
_laypersons without_ the benefit of any _legal_ advice. Looked at in this
light, a reasonable person might, in fact, have come to the _opposite_
conclusion and have concluded, instead, that there was somehow a proverbial
slip between the cup and the lip when what was eminently clear in the earlier
draft agreements was not (clearly) set out in the (final) Agreement. Further,
the Appellant had drafted the (final) Agreement and it could not reasonably
have been contemplated by anyone that she intended to make the final version
less advantageous to her than the earlier drafts – a point we have already
referred to above (at [51]).

65 In so far as the third requirement is concerned, this court, in _Zurich
Insurance_ (at [129]), observed that it was necessary and desirable to set out
the threshold requirement that the context of the contract should be clear and
obvious in order to “achieve the right balance between commercial certainty
and the imperative of giving effect to the objective intentions of the
contracting parties”. In our view, this consideration coheres with the English
courts’ reluctance to admit evidence of pre-contractual negotiations. In most
circumstances, the reliance on draft agreements, without more, cannot amount
to a clear and obvious context in so far as the court is very much left in the
dark with regard to the actual bargaining process undertaken by the
contracting parties in the course of negotiations. The addition, removal, or
variation of any contractual term is, more often than not, the result of
bargains and exchanges struck between the parties. It is a dynamic process and
the surrounding context is likely to be as important as, if not more so than,
the actual words found in the draft agreements. Furthermore, the court is not
likely to be acquainted with such evidence as these bargains and exchanges are
often oral in nature. Therefore, any reliance on these draft agreements alone,
without more, may give rise to the risk of construing these documents _out_ of
context.

66 In this regard, in the House of Lords decision of _Prenn v Simmonds_ [1971]
1 WLR 1381, Lord Wilberforce, in delivering the judgment of the court, made
the following cautionary remarks (at 1384–1385) on why evidence of past
negotiations ought not to be received:

There were prolonged negotiations between solicitors, with exchanges of draft
clauses, ultimately emerging in clause 2 of the agreement. The reason for not
admitting evidence of these exchanges is not a technical one or even mainly
one of convenience, (though the attempt to admit it did greatly prolong the
case and add to its expense). **_It is simply that such evidence is unhelpful.
By the nature of things, where negotiations are difficult, the parties’
positions, with each passing letter, are changing and until the final
agreement, though converging, still divergent. It is only the final document
which records a consensus. If the previous documents use different
expressions, how does construction of those expressions, itself a doubtful
process, help on the construction of the contractual words? If the same
expressions are used, nothing is gained by looking back: indeed, something may
be lost since the relevant surrounding circumstances may be different. And at
this stage there is no consensus of the parties to appeal to._** ... [emphasis
added in bold italics]

67 Of course, this is _not_ to say that _all_ pre-contractual negotiations
would fall foul of the requirement for a clear and obvious context. An example
of when this requirement would have been met can be found in the House of
Lords decision of _A & J Inglis v John Buttery & Co_ (1878) 3 App Cas 552 (“
_Inglis_ ”). This case concerned a contract for works on a ship for a fixed
sum of £17,250. In the draft contract (or memorandum of agreement) circulated
between the shipbuilders and the shipowners, the following provision on iron
work was set out as follows:

Iron work. – The plating of the hull to be carefully overhauled and repaired,
_but if any new plating is required the same to be paid for extra._ ...
[emphasis added]

In the course of negotiations between both parties, the agent for the
shipowners wrote to the shipbuilder as follows:

... The memo. of agreement appears all in order, but in the specification,
under the heading ‘iron work,’ we must ask you to _erase all the stipulations
after the word ‘repaired.’_ We have all throughout understood, and your memo.
of agreement before us clearly stipulates, that the sum of £17,250 covers
lengthening, new engines, &c., and all repairs and alterations necessary to
class the steamer A1 100 at Lloyds. [emphasis added]

The shipbuilder subsequently agreed to the deletion proposed by the agent for
the shipowners. Before the contract was signed, the stipulation was deleted by
an ink line across it, which left the words still visible. The ink line was
authenticated by a marginal note which stated “fourteen words deleted”. The
marginal note was also signed by both parties. A dispute then arose between
the parties as it turned out that a substantial part of the ship’s plating had
to be renewed before it could be classed. V K Rajah JA, writing extra-
judicially in V K Rajah, “Redrawing the Boundaries of Contractual
Interpretation” (2010) 22 SAcLJ 513, made the following instructive
observations at para 26:

If prior negotiations were admissible, the dispute in _Inglis v Buttery_ could
have been very easily resolved. The stipulation which was deleted with the
parties’ consent made abundantly clear that the parties understood “new
plating” to fall within the compass of “overhauling and repair”. There was
nothing unreliable about it – it was formally deleted by consent from the
document which, a short while after, became the formal document recording the
agreement between the parties. It was fortified, if indeed fortification was
needed, by the exchange, quoted above, between the parties a few days before
the contract was signed. The case, in my view, is one which clearly
demonstrates the usefulness of prior negotiations.

We should clarify that the court in _Inglis_ itself held that evidence of
prior negotiations was _not_ admissible for the purpose of aiding the process
of contractual interpretation. Indeed, such evidence of prior negotiations
would have been excluded by the English courts in line with the general
exclusionary rule set out in _ICS_ and _Chartbrook_. But our point is simply
that the evidence would most likely be admissible _locally_ given the flexible
approach adopted by this court in _Zurich Insurance_. The evidence of prior
negotiations in _Inglis_ serves as an example of when the three requirements
set out in _Zurich Insurance_ might indeed have been met.

68 Turning to the facts of the present appeal, we are of the view that,
notwithstanding some possible arguments to the contrary (which we shall deal
with in a moment), the evidence of the prior drafts preceding the Agreement is
_consistent with_ the main analysis set out above – which analysis was in fact
sufficient, in and of itself, to resolve the issue being considered in the
present part of this judgment (centring around the interpretation of cl 1).
Looked at in this light, the evidence of the prior drafts perform more of a
_confirmatory_ (and, hence, supplementary) function compared to situations
where the evidence of prior negotiations plays a pivotal role.

69 However, as already noted above (at [62]), whether or not there should – in
the Singapore context – be a principle that evidence of prior negotiations
ought to be generally admissible is a legal issue that is still an open
question and that caution should therefore be exercised in this particular
regard (and see the quotation from _Sembcorp Marine_ set out above, also at
[62]). The precise legal status (in particular, the limits (if any) and/or
safeguards) of a situation involving evidence of prior negotiations remains to
be worked out in a future case (when full argument has been heard), although
there ought, in our view, to be no difficulty in satisfying the three
requirements set out in _Zurich Insurance_ where the situation concerned (such
as that in _Inglis_) is extremely clear _and_ , in any event, in a case such
as the present, the evidence of prior negotiations merely serves as a
_confirmatory_ (and, hence, complementary as well as subsidiary) function.
Much would, of course, depend very much on the precise facts before the court.

70 Returning once again to the facts of the present appeal, we should, however
(in fairness to the Respondent), point to possible arguments which militate
against our finding (above at [68]) with regard to the confirmatory function
performed by the evidence of the prior agreements in the context of the
present appeal. First, it bears noting that there was an earlier draft MOU
dated 28 November 2011 which suggested that the parties had, instead, only
intended to transfer the shares in the Company, as opposed to those of the
other entities (_viz_ , the Remaining Shares). The material part of the MOU
reads as follows:

**WHEREAS:**

1\. The [Respondent] is the registered and beneficial owner of the whole of
the issued share capital of Apple Plus School International Pte. Ltd. (the
“Company”)

2\. The [Appellant] has expressed a desire to purchase and the [Respondent]
has expressed a desire to sell 50% _of the issued share capital of the
Company_.

…

[emphasis added]

However, this appeared to be the only differing version compared to the other
prior drafts to which we have already referred above. More importantly, it
_pre-dates_ the other prior drafts, and so it is entirely plausible that the
MOU reflected the _earlier_ intentions of the parties which were subsequently
_superseded_ , in which event it would be of no assistance at all in
interpreting cl 1.

71 Secondly, the Respondent also pointed to an e-mail which was purportedly
sent by her to the Appellant on 19 November 2011 to support her (the
Respondent’s) case in relation to the present issue. That particular e-mail
stated as follows:

1\. To sell 50% of the shares held in the name of [the Respondent] to [the
Appellant] (include: 50% each head office and apple plus school/ Tampines
25%=12.5%/ Btm26%=13%/ Serangoon25%=12.5%/ Thomson 25%=12.5%/ Malaysia 25%.
__The above shares will not be reflected on the business licence of every
company__. This contract shall be the basis.)

…

[emphasis added]

The Appellant, however, took the position that she had not received the
abovementioned e-mail – she claimed that it was a “fabricated” e-mail because
the sender’s and recipient’s e-mail addresses were identical. The Respondent’s
evidence, on the other hand, was that this particular e-mail address was used
by multiple persons, including her, and that they would communicate with each
other by using that address to send an e-mail to the exact same address. The
Judge did not make a finding on whether the Respondent’s evidence was to be
believed. In any event, as with the MOU, this e-mail _pre-dates_ the prior
drafts which support the Appellant’s case, and hence it might also reflect
intentions or positions that were subsequently superseded. The sequence of the
documents was as follows: first this e-mail, and then the MOU drafted by
lawyers in which it appeared that _only_ the Respondent’s shares in the
Company were to be transacted; but the two aforementioned documents were
thereafter followed by the two draft agreements prepared by the Respondent in
which it was stated that _all_ the Respondent’s shares – the shares in the
Company and the Remaining Shares – were to be transacted, and finally the
Agreement. Given this sequence, it does appear that there might have been an
_evolution or development_ in the parties’ understanding of what was to be
transferred, from the starting point that this concerned only the shares in
the Company to the final consensus that it included also the Remaining Shares.
We need not make a definitive finding on this; it suffices to say that, in
these circumstances, this e-mail is, at best, neutral in so far as the
interpretation of cl 1 is concerned.

72 For completeness, it is noted that the Respondent had, in the course of the
present appeal, also sought to rely on the Appellant’s _subsequent_ conduct in
support of the argument that the parties had intended to transfer only the
shares in the Company. In essence, the Respondent pointed out that, even
though only the shares in the Company were transferred to the Appellant, the
Appellant did not complain that the Remaining Shares had not been transferred.
This, argued the Respondent, suggests that the understanding all along was
that only these shares should be transferred.

73 Similar to the case of pre-contractual negotiations, this court, in _Zurich
Insurance_ also refused to lay down an absolute or rigid prohibition against
evidence of subsequent conduct in the context of contractual interpretation.
The court however observed (at [132(d)]) that “the relevance of subsequent
conduct remains a controversial and evolving topic that will require more
extensive scrutiny by this court at a more appropriate juncture”.

74 In our view, even if it were accepted that there was no blanket prohibition
against the admissibility of such evidence, the Respondent’s reliance on
subsequent conduct in the present case was largely without merit. This is
because it was likely that the Appellant had not been advised on her strict
legal rights during the period when she did not complain about the non-
transfer of the Remaining Shares. Thus that failure to complain may have been
a result of ignorance of the legally-prudent course she should take, and not
an understanding that there was no obligation on the part of the Respondent to
transfer the Remaining Shares. It is, in short, entirely equivocal and hence
of little use to refer to subsequent conduct in the present context. It is
further noted that the Respondent did not raise any arguments concerning
estoppel by convention in response to the Appellant’s alleged failure to
enforce her strict legal rights.

75 To summarise, we are of the view that _the Appellant’s_ interpretation of
cl 1 ought to prevail for the reasons we have set out above, with the result
that cl 7.2 is triggered. And it is to this last-mentioned clause that our
attention must now turn in order to ascertain the precise _remedy_ the
Appellant is entitled to.

The Appellant’s remedies under cl 7.2

76 For convenience, we shall reproduce cl 7.2 here:

Both parties agree that for the period between the signing of the Agreement to
the time [the Appellant] becomes a shareholder officially, if [the Respondent]
refuses to transfer the shares to [the Appellant], [the Respondent] must
return all monies paid by [the Appellant] within 1 month and to pay [the
Appellant] a sum of SGD100,000 in penalty.

77 This clause comprises, on its face, two limbs (or, rather, obligations).
Having arrived at the conclusion that “the shares” referred to in cl 7.2 refer
not only to the shares in the Company but also the Remaining Shares, it is
clear that the Respondent, having only transferred the shares in the Company
to the Appellant and having simultaneously _refused_ to transfer the Remaining
Shares to the same, “must return all monies paid by [the Appellant] within 1
month”. Put simply, the Respondent must repay the $1.5 million which the
Appellant had paid to her. The only possible difficulty lies with the _second_
limb of cl 7.2 which states that the Respondent is _also_ required “to pay
[the Appellant] a sum of SGD100,000 _in penalty_ ” [emphasis added]. As a
preliminary matter, we are of the opinion that it is possible to divide cl 7.2
into two separate obligations such that, if one obligation is found to be a
penalty but not the other, the latter may be enforceable even if the former is
not; that was the approach of Ralph Gibson LJ in the English Court of Appeal
decision of _Oresundsvarvet Aktiebolag v Marcos Diamantis Lemos (The “Angelic
Star”)_ [1988] 1 Lloyd’s Rep 122 at 127, and this approach was cited without
disapproval by Christopher Clarke J in the English High Court decision of
_Dalkia Utilities Services plc v Celtech International Ltd_ [2006] 1 Lloyd’s
Rep 599 at [123], although Clarke J thought that severance was not possible
_on the facts_ of the case before him.

78 Counsel for the Respondent, Mr Ng Kim Beng (“Mr Ng”), argued that, even if
his client had to repay the $1.5 million which the Appellant had originally
paid her, payment of the additional sum of $100,000 was _not enforceable as it
was a penalty (as opposed to being liquidated damages (which are_ , ex
hypothesi, _a genuine pre-estimate of loss))._ The law in this regard is still
basically embodied within the following principles laid down by Lord Dunedin
in the seminal House of Lords decision of _Dunlop Pneumatic Tyre Co Ltd v New
Garage and Motor Co Ltd_ [1915] AC 79 (“ _Dunlop_ ”), as follows (at 86–88):

1\. Though the parties to a contract who use the words “penalty” or
“liquidated damages” may _prima facie_ be supposed to mean what they say, yet
the expression used is not conclusive. The Court must find out whether the
payment stipulated is in truth a penalty or liquidated damages. This doctrine
may be said to be found _passim_ in nearly every case.

2\. The essence of a penalty is a payment of money stipulated as in terrorem
of the offending party; the essence of liquidated damages is a genuine
covenanted pre-estimate of damage (_Clydebank Engineering and Shipbuilding Co.
v. Don Jose Ramos Yzquierdo y Castaneda_ [[1905] AC 6]).

3\. The question whether a sum stipulated is penalty or liquidated damages is
a question of construction to be decided upon the terms and inherent
circumstances of each particular contract, judged of as at the time of the
making of the contract, not as at the time of the breach (_Public Works
Commissioner v. Hills_ [[1906] AC 368] and _Webster v. Bosanquet_ [[1912] AC
394]).

4\. To assist this task of construction various tests have been suggested,
which if applicable to the case under consideration may prove helpful, or even
conclusive. Such are:

(_a_) It will be held to be penalty if the sum stipulated for is extravagant
and unconscionable in amount in comparison with the greatest loss that could
conceivably be proved to have followed from the breach. (Illustration given by
Lord Halsbury in _Clydebank Case_. [[1905] AC 6])

(_b_) It will be held to be a penalty if the breach consists only in not
paying a sum of money, and the sum stipulated is a sum greater than the sum
which ought to have been paid (_Kemble v. Farren_ [(1829) 6 Bing 141]). This
though one of the most ancient instances is truly a corollary to the last
test. Whether it had its historical origin in the doctrine of the common law
that when A. promised to pay B. a sum of money on a certain day and did not do
so, B. could only recover the sum with, in certain cases, interest, but could
never recover further damages for non-timeous payment, or whether it was a
survival of the time when equity reformed unconscionable bargains merely
because they were unconscionable,–a subject which much exercised Jessel M.R.
in _Wallis v. Smith_ [(1879) 21 Ch D 243]–is probably more interesting than
material.

(_c_) There is a presumption (but no more) that it is penalty when “a single
lump sum is made payable by way of compensation, on the occurrence of one or
more or all of several events, some of which may occasion serious and others
but trifling damage” (Lord Watson in _Lord Elphinstone v. Monkland Iron and
Coal Co_. [(1886) 11 App Cas 332]).

On the other hand:

(_d_) It is no obstacle to the sum stipulated being a genuine pre-estimate of
damage, that the consequences of the breach are such as to make precise pre-
estimation almost an impossibility. On the contrary, that is just the
situation when it is probable that pre-estimated damage was the true bargain
between the parties (_Clydebank Case_ , Lord Halsbury [[1905] AC 6]; _Webster
v. Bosanquet_ , Lord Mersey [[1912] AC 394]).

Indeed, as one leading local commentator has observed, “[a]lthough [the above]
principles were set out near the beginning of the last century, they
constitute the backbone of all analysis on this topic and continue to be
applied to this day” (see Tham Chee Ho, “Non-compensatory Remedies” in ch 23
of _The Law of Contract in Singapore_ (Academy Publishing, 2012) (“ _Tham_ ”)
at para 23.015).

79 Applying those principles to cl 7.2, it is clear, in the first instance,
that whilst the word “penalty” is used, this is not dispositive of the
specific issue before us. Whether or not the sum stipulated in a particular
clause (such as cl 7.2) is classified as liquidated damages or as a penalty is
an intensely fact-centric one (see also _Tham_ , _ibid_). In our view, this
payment of $100,000 stipulated in cl 7.2 cannot be characterised as liquidated
damages. We cannot see how it might be a genuine pre-estimate of loss. As the
Respondent points out, a failure to transfer shares may occur in a variety of
ways – in this case the Remaining Shares were not transferred, but it might
have been that both the Company’s shares and the Remaining Shares were not
transferred, or it might have been that the shares in only one Franchisee were
not transferred. Such differences may affect the quantum of loss suffered by
the Appellant: for instance, on the assumption that all of the various
companies and entities declared dividends during the period when the Appellant
was not shareholder when she should have been, the total amount of dividends
she should have received but did not would depend on whether all or some of
the shares had not been transferred. Yet, under cl 7.2, the same amount is
payable whatever the circumstances.

80 Thus, the conclusion we are led to, is that the second limb of cl 7.2 is a
penalty clause. The amount of $100,000 stated therein is, in the words of Lord
Dunedin in _Dunlop_ (at 86), “a payment of money stipulated as _in terrorem_
of the offending party” (here, the Respondent). The consequence of this is, as
Prof Tham correctly notes, “[w]here the clause in question [here, the second
limb of cl 7.2] is found to be a penalty, the clause will be struck down and
will be legally unenforceable” (see _Tham_ at para 23.020).

81 It is clear, however, that the obligation in the first limb of cl 7.2 must
nevertheless be fulfilled. In our view, the obligation in the first limb of cl
7.2 may be regarded as an express provision for the contract to be rescinded
(or, to put it another way, unwound) in the event that the Respondent refuses
to transfer the shares to the Appellant. As discussed above (at [77]), the
first limb exists as a separate obligation from that in the second limb,
which, as we have found above, is a penalty clause. In the circumstances, the
only way to give effect to the first limb of cl 7.2 would be to order the
Respondent to “return all monies paid by [the Appellant]” and for the
Appellant to return the shares in the Company to the Respondent. This would,
in effect, place all parties in the position that they would have been had the
contract not been entered into.

82 In summary, the Appellant succeeds on this particular issue to the extent
that she is entitled to repayment of the sum of $1.5 million by the
Respondent. However, for the reasons set out in the preceding paragraphs, she
is _not_ entitled to the additional payment of $100,000 from the Respondent.
The Appellant will also have to return the shares in the Company to the
Respondent.

83 Let us now turn to the second main issue in this appeal, _viz_ , the
Appellant’s claim in _misrepresentation_.

The Appellant’s claim in misrepresentation

84 It should be noted, at the outset, that the Appellant’s claim was premised
on _fraudulent_ misrepresentation. Mr Chia also clarified that, although 22
misrepresentations were allegedly made by the Respondent to the Appellant, the
claim for _fraudulent_ misrepresentation was based on the _cumulative_ effect
of _all_ 22 alleged misrepresentations viewed as a whole.

85 As we have said (above at [36]), the Judge dismissed the Appellant’s
misrepresentation claim in its entirety. With the exception of two statements
made by the Respondent (which we will deal with in a moment), we do not see
sufficient basis to disturb the general reasons given as well as the findings
of the Judge, and we therefore agree with him that fraudulent
misrepresentation has _not_ been established by the Appellant against the
Respondent in respect of those alleged misrepresentations. We say no more
about them.

86 In our view, there are only two statements in relation to which there might
plausibly exist some ground for interfering with the Judge’s decision, and
they are statements (i) and (l). For convenience we shall reiterate here the
contents of these statements. Statement (i) was that the Respondent had
expansion plans in Singapore, Malaysia, Indonesia, Australia, China and the
Philippines, while statement (l) was that the Company was signing an MOU with
Indonesia’s Ministry of Education around mid-December 2011.

87 Turning first to statement (i), we note that this statement was contained
in a report sent by the Respondent to the Appellant on 20 October 2011. We
expressed the view during oral submissions that the report was vague, bereft
of detail as well as repetitive. Indeed, the Judge expressed similar views, as
follows (see the GD at [32(b)]):

The [Respondent’s] alleged expansion plans were backed up by shoddy proposals
that amounted to about four pages each. The proposals for each country were
identical in every aspect, with no effort made to distinguish or cater to
different markets. Further, the [Respondent] had tried to support her claim of
expansion plans in the Philippines with an email exchange with a Filipino
party that only started on 3 July 2012, nine months after the [report of 20
October 2011].

88 Mr Ng claimed that this dearth of content was due to the fact that the
Respondent had no concrete data to share at that particular point in time.
Whilst this may be literally true, we had the impression that it was arguable
that the Respondent was attempting to impress upon the Appellant the fact that
such expansion plans across so many countries had been conceived, without any
sincere belief that they were or would be. If this were so, the Respondent
would have been _misrepresenting_ her _state of mind_ – and that would have
been a _misrepresentation_ of _fact_. In the famous and oft-cited words of
Bowen LJ in the English Court of Appeal decision of _Edgington v Fitzmaurice_
(1885) 29 Ch D 459 at 483:

There must be a misstatement of an existing fact: _but the state of a man’s
mind is as much a fact as the state of his digestion_. It is true that it is
very difficult to prove what the state of a man’s mind at a particular time
is, but if it can be ascertained it is as much a fact as anything else. A
misrepresentation as to the _state of a man’s mind_ is, therefore, a
misstatement of _fact_. [emphasis added]

89 The Judge below was alive to this notion that the Respondent’s statements
as to her future plans and intentions might carry within them a statement of
fact to the effect that she did actually have such plans. In other words, he
did not err in his appreciation of the applicable legal principles. But
ultimately he thought that there was insufficient evidence _on the facts_ to
prove that the Respondent had misrepresented her state of mind as at 20
October 2011. He observed thus (see the GD at [33(b)]):

For statement (i), this was a statement as to the [Respondent’s] future
intention, and for it to be actionable as a misrepresentation, the [Appellant]
must show that the Defendant had no honest belief in the statement: _Deutsche
Bank AG v Chang Tse Wen and another appeal_ [2013] 4 SLR 886 at [83]. But the
fact that the [Respondent’s] expansion proposals were shoddy and lacking in
details did not mean that they were a sham. The [Appellant] had failed to
provide any evidence to show that the [Respondent] did not have the genuine
intention to carry out her plans at the time statement (i) was made. While the
[Respondent] might have been overly optimistic in her projections and targets,
that does not mean that she had committed misrepresentations in communicating
her business plans to the [Appellant].

90 Given the utterly vacuous nature of the report itself, we are, with
respect, a little surprised at the Judge’s findings as set out in the
preceding paragraph; as we have said, it was at least arguable that it
appeared not to emanate from someone (here, the Respondent) who had a good
faith belief in what she promised. That having been said, a plausible
hypothesis in the Respondent’s favour would be that she _did_ genuinely
harbour an intention to expand into multiple countries, except that these
plans were at a very preliminary stage as at 20 October 2011. Unlike the
Judge, we did not have an opportunity to receive (at first hand) the relevant
testimony. This is an important point because the evidence on the state of the
Respondent’s mind was _oral_ rather than documentary in nature, the documents
going only so far as to show that the Respondent’s business plans did not
appear to have been thought through with any rigour. We are therefore not in a
position to come to a different view on the facts even though Mr Chia raised
some doubt as to the soundness of the Judge’s findings. This is even more so
because the Appellant had alleged fraud on the part of the Respondent, and
proof of fraud entails a relatively high standard of proof (see, for example,
the decision of this court in _Wee Chiaw Sek Anna v Ng Li-Ann Genevieve (sole
executrix of the estate of Ng Hock Seng, deceased) and another_ [2013] 3 SLR
801 at [30]).

91 Turning to the second statement which we had some difficulty with, this was
what the Judge described as statement (l) – the Respondent was alleged to have
represented to the Appellant that the Company was signing an MOU with
Indonesia’s Ministry of Education around mid-December 2011. In this regard,
the Judge elaborated upon this particular issue, as follows (see the GD at
[36]):

The [Respondent] had sent the [Appellant] an email on 15 December 2011
attaching a three-page draft MOU (which was unsigned) between the Company and
Indonesia’s ministry of education for the Company to provide training for
abacus teachers in Indonesia. The draft MOU was stated to run for five years
starting from 17 December 2011. The [Appellant] said that this amounted to a
misrepresentation because it would have been impossible for the draft MOU –
which the [Respondent] admitted under cross-examination to be “just at the
planning stage” – to be ready to be signed within two days. The [Appellant]
thus submitted that the MOU was a sham meant to entice her to entering into
the Agreement.

92 The Judge then proceeded to render his decision, as follows (see the GD at
[37]):

I disagreed. The [Respondent] did not represent to the [Appellant] that she
had reached agreement with the Indonesian party or that an agreement was close
at hand. The MOU was clearly stated to be a draft and it would have been
understood by the [Appellant] that it was subject to further changes and that
it might not even be signed in the end. This therefore did not constitute a
misrepresentation by the [Respondent].

93 The e-mail which the Respondent (or, more accurately, someone on her
behalf) sent to the Appellant on 15 December 2011 said only this: “Indonesia
MOU for your reference. Thanks!” As the Judge described, this MOU was
unsigned, but it also stated: “This MOU shall enter in force upon signature by
both Parties and remains in force for a period of FIVE (5) years from December
17th 2011 to December 16th 2016…”. The Appellant’s contention is that
stipulating the start date as 17 December 2011, just _two days_ from the date
on which the e-mail attaching the MOU was sent, amounted to a representation
that the MOU was going to be signed within the next few days.

94 Thus, although the relevant MOU was (again, _literally_) unsigned, the
issue arises (once again) as to whether or not the Respondent misrepresented
her state of mind in that she represented that the MOU would be signed within
the next few days without a _bona fide_ belief that this would be so. We
thought that the circumstances in which this e-mail was sent on 15 December
2011 were such as to arouse a degree of suspicion: the evidence was that there
was little contact between the parties in the month of December 2011, such
that the e-mail might be described as having arrived somewhat out of the blue.
Why would the Respondent send it, and what could her purpose have been?

95 The Appellant’s case was essentially as follows. In sending her the MOU,
the Respondent created the impression that the signing of the MOU was
imminent, and this must have been in order to induce the Appellant into
investing in the Apple Plus business. The MOU was not, in fact, eventually
signed. The inference from all this was that the Respondent had knowingly and
falsely stated that the MOU was soon to be signed.

96 However, in our view, the inference urged by the Appellant was not an
inexorable one. It might well be that the Respondent was guilty of nothing
more than excessive optimism in believing that the MOU would be signed shortly
– this possibility could not be dismissed out of hand. Once again it comes
down to this: as we did not have an opportunity to receive the relevant
testimony first hand, we are not in a position to interfere with the Judge’s
findings of fact on this point.

97 It follows that the Appellant’s claim for _fraudulent_ misrepresentation
must fail. We point out for completeness that, had we found that
misrepresentations had been made, the nature of the misrepresentations –
fraudulent, negligent or innocent – would have to be examined because
different consequences would follow. Misrepresentations that are _not
fraudulent_ in nature would entitle her to _rescind_ the Agreement _as well
as_ to claim damages (if the misrepresentations fall within the ambit of s
2(1) of the Misrepresentation Act (Cap 390, 1994 Rev Ed) (“Misrepresentation
Act”) and/or are negligent under the common law) _or_ an indemnity (if they
are wholly innocent in nature). Section 2(2) of the Misrepresentation Act also
furnishes the representee (here, the Appellant) with the additional option of
claiming damages in lieu of rescission in the context of wholly innocent
misrepresentations. If, of course, the statements in question are found to be
_fraudulent_ misrepresentations, then the Appellant would be entitled to claim
all loss that flowed directly from the entry into the Agreement, regardless of
whether or not such loss was foreseeable, and the damages awarded would
include all consequential loss as well (see the House of Lords decision of
_Smith New Court Securities Ltd v Citibank NA_ [1997] AC 254, the principles
of which were endorsed by this court in _Wishing Star Ltd v Jurong Town Corp_
[2008] 2 SLR(R) 909 at [21]–[26] as well as in _RBC Properties Pte Ltd v Defu
Furniture Pte Ltd_ [2014] SGCA 62 at [81]–[82]).

98 But for the reasons set out above, despite some reservations with the
Judge’s findings in relation to two of the statements, the question as to
whether the misrepresentations were fraudulent in nature does not even arise
because we are unable to find that the Respondent made any actionable
misrepresentation to the Appellant. The appeal with regard to the issue of
misrepresentation fails.

99 Before we leave this issue, we wish to emphasise that trial judges dealing
with misrepresentation claims need to analyse the facts carefully, going
through the process of considering such matters as (i) whether the
representations were made, (ii) what the representation in question was
exactly, (iii) whether it was untrue or not, (iv) if untrue, how on the
evidence it may be characterised (_ie_ , as innocent or negligent or
fraudulent), and/or (v) whether there was reliance – although this list is
obviously by no means exhaustive. While in a given case a trial judge may
decide that it is not necessary to do that, in general this discipline enables
the appellate court to analyse the case appropriately. In this case, the
Judge, with respect, did not always approach the case in this way and this
hampered our ability somewhat to deal with the issues raised in the present
appeal.

100 To be fair to the Judge, though, his task was not made easier by the fact
that no fewer than 22 alleged misrepresentations had been put forward by the
Appellant. We would observe that it is not necessarily beneficial for a
litigant to adopt what is, in effect, a scatter-shot or kitchen-sink approach
of this sort: there is a risk that the truly material facts and evidence will
be lost in, or at least be diluted by, the morass of relatively peripheral
matters. In the present case, several of the alleged misrepresentations
contended for by the Appellant were clearly of a rather trifling nature; the
wisdom of pursuing such points with any vigour may well be doubted. It is of
course the prerogative of parties to advance their case as they see fit, but
it is salutary to remember that one’s prospects of success do not always
increase in proportion to the number of claims or allegations that one makes.

The Respondent’s counterclaim

101 The Respondent’s counterclaim may be shortly disposed of given our
decision on the contract point. The $300,000 which the Respondent claims the
Appellant should return to an account held jointly by them was part of the
total price of $1.5 million that the Appellant had paid to the Respondent
under the Agreement. This $300,000 had been paid into the joint account
pursuant to cl 3.3 of the Agreement. Since we have found that the Respondent’s
breach of cl 1 means that cl 7.2 is triggered so that the Respondent is
obliged to return $1.5 million to the Appellant, it follows that this $300,000
belongs to the Appellant and is hers to keep. The Respondent has no right to
that sum and her counterclaim therefore fails. It should be noted, however,
that because this $300,000 is already in the hands of the Appellant, what is
left for the Respondent to do is to transfer $1.2 million to the Appellant.

Conclusion

102 For the reasons set out above, the appeal is allowed based on our decision
with regard to the Appellant’s claims in contract (albeit not in relation to
her claims in misrepresentation). We order that the Respondent transfer $1.2
million to the Appellant, and that the Appellant be permitted to keep the
$300,000 that came from the joint account she held with the Respondent. The
Appellant is also to transfer her shares in the Company back to the
Respondent. The usual consequential orders will apply.

103 The parties have two weeks from the date of this judgment to make written
submissions with regard to the costs that ought to be awarded with regard to
this appeal as well as in the court below.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 10 Apr 2015 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

