Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Chua Ser Kenon _v_ Karuppiah Jai Sankar and another  
[2015] SGHC 127

Case Number| :| Suit No 394 of 2012 (HC/Registrar's Appeal No 84 of 2015)  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 08 May 2015  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Choo Han Teck J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Anparasan s/o Kamachi (KhattarWong LLP) for the
plaintiff; Cecilia Lee Thomas (Bogaars & Din) for the defendants.  
Parties| :|  Chua Ser Kenon — Karuppiah Jai Sankar and another  
  
8 May 2015| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Choo Han Teck J:

1 The plaintiff was knocked down by a lorry on 21 August 2009 and was injured.
He was then 29 years old and was a doctor. He obtained interlocutory judgment
on 4 February 2013 at 75% liability against the defendants. The assessment of
damages was heard in August 2014 before the learned Assistant Registrar Wong
Baochen (“the learned AR”). On 6 March 2015, the learned AR awarded the
plaintiff $39,384.24 (at 75%) plus interests and costs against the defendants.

2 The plaintiff appealed before me against the learned AR’s dismissal of his
claim for loss of earning capacity, as well as her award of a nominal sum of
$1,000 for loss of future earnings.

3 There was no dispute as to the injuries suffered by the plaintiff. The most
serious one was a fracture of the right acetabulum (the right hip bone). The
plaintiff had two surgical operations to insert pins for stabilising the hip
region. He was discharged from hospital on 23 September 2009 and within three
months thereafter he was walking again.

4 The learned AR awarded the plaintiff $22,000 as general damages for the
fractured hip. The plaintiff also claimed costs of future hip replacement but
the learned AR found on the evidence that there was no sufficient likelihood
that the plaintiff would require a total hip replacement in the future.
Against this finding the plaintiff did not appeal.

5 He appealed only against the dismissal of his claim for loss of earning
capacity and the award of a nominal sum for his claim for loss of future
earnings. These two heads of claim cover different types of loss. An award for
loss of future earnings is an award to make good any real assessable loss of
income as a result of the accident. This is income that the plaintiff would
have earned if not for the accident. For example, a man earning $1,000 a month
after the accident instead of $2,000 a month before the accident, would be
compensated with an amount based on that difference in income. A claim for
loss of future earnings is a claim for specific damages, and must be pleaded
as such. An award for loss of earning capacity on the other hand is an award
for the loss of the plaintiff’s competitive position in the job market as a
result of his injuries and is awarded as part of general damages.

6 The plaintiff was already a doctor working at the National University
Hospital when he was injured in the accident with the lorry. That was August
2009. In 2011 he applied for a Residency Programme under SingHealth with a
view of qualifying as an orthopaedic specialist. It is a seven year programme.
When the assessment took place before the learned AR the plaintiff was 34
years old and in the third year of the Residency Programme.

7 It was not disputed that this is a prestigious programme and the plaintiff
was the only one in his cohort admitted to it. There is no dispute that if the
plaintiff completes the programme he will be a qualified orthopaedic surgeon.
The dispute is over the amount of income he would receive. The plaintiff’s
claim for loss of future earnings and loss of earning capacity was made in the
alternative, but is based on his claim that as a result of his injury, he
would not earn as much as a surgeon than he would have had he not been
injured.

8 The plaintiff claims that an orthopaedic surgeon in the public sector would
earn about $24,000 a month from surgery work. He claims that based on a 10%
loss over 12 years, the loss of future earnings by reason of the accident
would be $345,600. He also claims that a round figure of $200,000 would be the
fair amount for his loss of earning capacity. There is, however, absolutely no
evidence that he cannot earn what an orthopaedic surgeon would earn.
Eventually, he might earn a few thousand dollars less or a few thousand
dollars more, but too many factors would have played a part in that. Those
factors may have nothing to do with a hip fractured years before.

9 Since a claim for loss of future earnings is a claim for special damages, it
must be proved, not only as to the probability of the income but also the
loss. The court must be satisfied that the loss was reasonable and probable.
Having been admitted into the Residency Programme in spite of his declared
injuries, the plaintiff has not adduced any evidence that he would probably be
earning less. His claim would be as speculative as a claim that he would be
brilliant enough to invent a new surgical technique and earn ten times more
than his peers. What is reasonable and probable is that he will be an
orthopaedic surgeon, perhaps one with an early onset of osteoarthritis – but
that will not stop him working as an orthopaedic surgeon. He might need to
find a couple of Panadol from time to time as suggested by Dr Lee Soon Tai,
the defendant’s expert, but he will manage. There was no evidence given by any
of his supervisors in his department to show that as a result of his injury
which has completely healed, he would be unable to carry out the duties
required of him as a surgeon, and that in turn, would lead to him earning a
lower income. In fact, it seems that his department was fully aware of his hip
injury at the time when they accepted him into the Residency Programme and
must have found him fit to qualify as an orthopaedic surgeon and perform well
in the profession. Consequently, I am of the view that the learned AR’s award
of $1,000 as a nominal sum is correct.

10 I also agree with the finding by the learned AR that the alternative claim
for loss of earning capacity must clearly fail. There is no evidence that the
plaintiff would lose his job. The evidence is to the contrary – that he would
eventually improve his position. The claim for a loss of earning capacity was
rightfully dismissed.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 08 May 2015 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

