Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Allergan, Inc and another _v_ Ferlandz Nutra Pte Ltd  
[2015] SGHC 5

Case Number| :| Suit No 34 of 2013 (Summons No 5175 of 2014)  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 13 January 2015  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  George Wei JC  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Alban Kang Choon Hwee and Oh Pin-Ping (ATMD Bird & Bird
LLP) for the plaintiffs; The defendant in person.  
Parties| :|  Allergan, Inc and another — Ferlandz Nutra Pte Ltd  
  
13 January 2015| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
George Wei JC:

Introduction

1 This is an application by the defendant for leave under O 1 r 9(2) of the
Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2014 Rev Ed) (“the Rules of Court”) for its
officer, Mr Lee Boon Guan (“Mr Lee”) (who is the sole director and shareholder
of the defendant), to act on the defendant’s behalf in Suit No 34 of 2013
(“the Suit”). This application raises two main issues. First, whether the
procedural requirements for an O 1 r 9(2) application have been complied with;
and second, whether the court should exercise its discretion to grant leave
for Mr Lee to act on behalf of the defendant in the Suit.

2 The Suit concerns an action against the defendant for trade mark
infringement, passing off and injurious falsehood. The first plaintiff is an
American pharmaceuticals corporation. It manufactures an eyelash-growth
product that is used to treat a medical condition known as hypotrichosis,
which causes inadequate hair growth. The product is marketed under the LATISSE
trademark. The LATISSE trademark is registered in Singapore under the Trade
Marks Act (Cap 332, 2005 Rev Ed) (“the TMA”) in Class 5 in respect of
“pharmaceutical preparations used to treat eyelashes”. The first plaintiff is
the registered proprietor of the trade mark. The second plaintiff is a
subsidiary of the first plaintiff and the distributor of the product in
Singapore. The plaintiffs claim to have been using the LATISSE trademark in
Singapore since January 2011.

3 The defendant is a limited exempt private company incorporated in Singapore
carrying on the business of distributing “cosmeticeutical and neutraceutical”
products. One of the defendant’s products is an eyelash-growth product
distributed under the LASSEZ trade mark.

4 The plaintiffs claim that the defendant’s product under the LASSEZ trade
mark infringes the registered LATISSE trade mark and also amounts to passing
off. The claim for injurious falsehood against the defendant arises in
connection with the defendant’s alleged distribution of a letter from the
United States Food and Drug Administration (“the FDA”). The letter is said to
create the impression that the plaintiffs’ product was considered risky,
hazardous and unsafe. The plaintiffs’ position is that the issue over safety
had long been resolved with the FDA, and that the product is the only FDA-
approved product for the treatment of hypotrichosis.

5 The defendant denies registered trade mark infringement and passing off on
the basis, amongst others, that the plaintiffs’ trade mark and the alleged
offending trade mark are dissimilar and conceptually different. The defendant
has also raised certain statutory defences to registered trade mark
infringement, connected with alleged fair use and comparative advertising. The
defendant also denies the existence of any injurious association, dilution or
tarnishment of the plaintiffs’ trade mark. In the case of the claim for
injurious falsehood, the defendant denies distribution of the FDA letter and
the alleged injurious meaning. The defendant has also counterclaimed against
the plaintiffs for making a groundless threat of suit for trade mark
infringement under s 35 of the TMA.

The application before the court

6 The writ in the Suit was issued on 14 January 2013 with an endorsed
statement of claim. The defence and counterclaim was filed on 6 February 2013.
Prior to the present application under O 1 r 9(2) of the Rules of Court, there
have been various interlocutory matters, and the parties had already filed
their affidavits of evidence-in-chief in preparation for the trial which was
fixed for end-November 2014.

7 The pleadings, affidavits of evidence-in-chief and interlocutory matters
were filed or conducted by the defendant’s former solicitors. These solicitors
discharged themselves from acting for the defendant on 22 August 2014.

8 After the defendant’s solicitors discharged themselves, the defendant filed
Summons No 5175 of 2014, seeking leave under O 1 r 9(2) of the Rules of Court
for Mr Lee to act on behalf of the defendant in the Suit. Mr Lee swore an
affidavit in support of the application dated 8 October 2014 (“the First
Affidavit”).

9 The First Affidavit stated that Mr Lee was a director of the defendant and
that he was duly authorised to make the affidavit on behalf of the defendant.
The affidavit also stated that Mr Lee was authorised to make an affidavit in
support of the application for him to represent the defendant in the Suit. The
First Affidavit did not, however, state _why_ leave should be granted for Mr
Lee to represent the defendant. The only relevant exhibit was a copy of an
Accounting and Corporate Regulatory Authority (“ACRA”) report dated 14
September 2014 (“the ACRA Report”).[note: 1] The ACRA Report stated that the
defendant had an issued share capital of 5,000 shares, and that Mr Lee was the
sole shareholder and the only named director. The corporate secretary was
named as Goh Bee Kwan. The rest of the First Affidavit set out various
allegations relating to the merits of the plaintiffs’ claim in the Suit, which
were of little or no relevance to the O 1 r 9(2) application.

10 I first heard the application in chambers on 27 October 2014. I adjourned
the hearing to enable the defendant to file a further affidavit in support of
the O 1 r 9(2) application that complied with the requirements set out in O 1
r 9(4) of the Rules of Court. I will examine these requirements in further
detail below. It is sufficient to state at this juncture that the First
Affidavit did not set out any reasons why Mr Lee should be allowed to act on
behalf of the defendant. The First Affidavit was also sworn by Mr Lee, the
very person for whom leave was sought by the defendant under O 1 r 9(2) of the
Rules of Court.

11 On 31 October 2014, a further affidavit in support of the defendant’s O 1 r
9(2) application (“the Second Affidavit”) was affirmed and filed by Ms Lee Lay
Hong (“Ms Lee”). The Second Affidavit stated that Ms Lee was the corporate
secretary of the defendant, and that she was authorised to make the affidavit
on behalf of the defendant.

12 The Second Affidavit was brief. It stated that Mr Lee was the sole director
and business manager of the defendant since its incorporation in 2005. He had
vast experience working in pharmaceutical companies and he had the necessary
knowledge to act on behalf of the defendant in the Suit. The Second Affidavit
also stated that the defendant had depleted its financial resources due to
heavy legal expenses. The time spent on the proceedings was said to have
affected the defendant’s business operations and revenue.

13 The Second Affidavit referred to an exhibit that was purportedly a copy of
the defendant’s financial statement.[note: 2] The exhibit, however, was not a
financial statement as such. It was a bank statement for a bank account
maintained by the defendant with United Overseas Bank (“UOB”). The bank
statement indicated that the defendant held only $3,420.40 in its UOB account
as at 31 August 2014.[note: 3] There was no other information about the
defendant’s financial position. There was also no other information about when
Ms Lee had been appointed as the defendant’s corporate secretary. The only
other information available on affidavit was Ms Lee’s address, which was
stated to be the same as that of Mr Lee. Indeed, it will be recalled that in
the ACRA Report referred to above at [9], the defendant’s corporate secretary
was named as Goh Bee Kwan.

14 On 10 November 2014, the hearing resumed before me in chambers. After brief
submissions, the hearing was again adjourned to provide the defendant with
another opportunity to file an affidavit to explain Ms Lee’s position as the
corporate secretary of the defendant, and to provide evidence of the
defendant’s impecuniosity and reasons for the application.

15 On 14 November 2014, Mr Lee filed a supplemental affidavit in support of
the application (“the Third Affidavit”). The Third Affidavit stated that Ms
Lee was appointed as the corporate secretary of the defendant on 1 November
2014. A copy of her appointment letter was exhibited under the defendant’s
letterhead and signed by Mr Lee.[note: 4]

16 The Third Affidavit also asserted that the defendant had depleted its
financial resources due to the incurrence of heavy legal expenses. It
exhibited interim bills and discharge requests from the defendant’s former
solicitors.[note: 5] Some of the correspondence from the defendant’s former
solicitors to the defendant was heavily redacted. The Third Affidavit did not,
however, exhibit any letter or correspondence in response from the defendant.
In particular, there was no communication explaining why the defendant was not
putting its former solicitors into funds; whether it was due to a lack of
funds or other reasons.

17 Much of the Third Affidavit dealt with matters irrelevant to the
application before me. These included issues concerning witnesses and the
discovery of documents. At the second hearing, Mr Lee was keen to raise issues
concerning the conduct of the plaintiffs’ counsel in respect of the disclosure
of some documents. Those allegations had no relevance to the issues before me.

18 The plaintiffs have maintained a neutral position in the defendant’s O 1 r
9(2) application. While they did not object in principle to the application,
counsel for the plaintiffs nevertheless pointed out that the affidavits filed
in support of the O 1 r 9(2) application were non-compliant with the Rules of
Court.

19 Although the application was not opposed, the decision of whether to grant
leave under O 1 r 9(2) of the Rules of Court lies with the court. It therefore
does not follow that leave will be granted as a matter of course when parties
consent. In view of the novelty of O 1 r 9(2), and the absence of local
authorities on the applicable principles, on 17 November 2014, I directed that
the trial dates which had been fixed for end-November 2014 were to be vacated
pending my decision on the application.

20 On 24 November 2014, the High Court handed down judgment in _Bulk Trading
SA v Pevensey Pte Ltd and another_ [2014] SGHC 236 (“ _Bulk Trading_ ”). _Bulk
Trading_ , a decision of Steven Chong J, addressed the principles applicable
to an O 1 r 9(2) application _in extenso_. Because of the importance and
relevance of _Bulk Trading_ , I invited parties to file further submissions to
address _Bulk Trading_ if they desired.

21 Solicitors for the plaintiffs wrote in to the Supreme Court Registry by a
letter dated 17 December 2014, stating that they were in full agreement with
Chong J’s judgment in _Bulk Trading_. Mr Lee wrote in by email on 18 December
2014 raising issues relating to the corporate ownership of the plaintiffs.
Those issues are not relevant, and will not be mentioned further.

Whether the procedural requirements of the defendant’s O 1 r 9(2) application
have been complied with

22 The starting point for the representation of companies in legal proceedings
is O 5 r 6(2) of the Rules of Court. It provides that a company must be
represented by a solicitor in legal proceedings. This rule is expressly
subject to O 1 r 9(2) of the Rules of Court which, pursuant to some recent
amendments which will be discussed further below, provides that the court may
on application by a company, give leave for an officer of the company to act
on the company’s behalf in any matter or proceeding. Order 1 r 9(2) as amended
applies to any matter or proceeding whether or not it was commenced on or
after 1 May 2014. It therefore applies to the present case.

23 Section 33(1) of the Legal Profession Act (Cap 161, 2009 Rev Ed) (“the
LPA”) is also relevant. Section 33(1) provides that any unauthorized person
who acts as an advocate and solicitor and defends any action is guilty of an
offence. The exceptions are set out in s 34 of the LPA. The exception in s
34(1)(_ea_) of the LPA is where an officer of a company has been authorised to
act in accordance with the Rules of Court. The circle is completed by O 1 r
9(2) of the Rules of Court, which expressly provides that it applies to s
34(1)(_ea_).

24 Order 1 r 9(4) of the Rules of Court sets out the procedural requirements
for an affidavit filed in support of an application under O 1 r 9(2) of the
Rules of Court. The affidavit is required to:

(a) State the position or office in the company held by the officer, the date
on and manner by which he was authorised to act, and _the reasons why leave
should be given for him to act on behalf of the company_ in that matter or
proceeding.

(b) Exhibit copies of any document of the company by which the officer was
authorised to act on behalf of the company.

(c) Be _made by any other officer of the company_.

An “officer” of the company is defined in O 1 r 9(6) of the Rules of Court as
any director or secretary of the company or a person employed in an executive
capacity by the company.

25 Order 1 r 9(4)(_c_) of the Rules of Court requires the affidavit in support
of the O 1 r 9(2) application to be made by “any _other_ officer of the
company” [emphasis added]. The reason for this requirement is clear. It is a
procedural safeguard which ensures that the company has indeed given its
authorisation to that officer for whom leave is sought to represent it in the
proceedings. It prevents an officer from making a self-serving affidavit in
support of an application seeking leave for himself to act on behalf of the
company. Chong J observed in _Bulk Trading_ at [91] that the “requirement is
to ensure that the application is made objectively with the authority of the
company”. Since Mr Lee was the sole director of the defendant, it would follow
that the affidavit in support of the application had to be sworn by a
secretary of the defendant or some other person employed by the defendant in
an executive capacity.

26 In _Bulk Trading_ , two affidavits were filed by S (a director) in support
of the company’s application for leave to be granted to S to act for the
company. The first affidavit exhibited a warrant to act from the company. The
second affidavit exhibited, amongst others, the company’s memorandum and
articles of association. While Chong J recognised that the affidavits were not
strictly in compliance with O 1 r 9(4)(_c_) of the Rules of Court, he reasoned
that the non-compliance was not fatal. A warrant to act had been exhibited.
The only other officer of the company was a nominee director from a firm
providing corporate secretarial services. S was also the sole shareholder of
the company. Looking at the affidavits as a whole, Chong J accepted that the
company had objectively consented to the application.

27 In the present case, Mr Lee is the sole director and sole shareholder of
the defendant. The First Affidavit is, in my view, not in compliance with O 1
r 9(4)(_c_). It was made by Mr Lee himself, the person for whom leave was
being sought to act on behalf of the defendant.

28 The Second Affidavit was filed by Ms Lee in her capacity as the corporate
secretary of the company. This was followed by the Third Affidavit by Mr Lee
exhibiting a letter appointing Ms Lee as the corporate secretary. I am
therefore satisfied that the initial non-compliance with the Rules of Court
had been rectified. Ms Lee on the face of it is an officer of the company and
is entitled to make the further supporting affidavit. Given that Mr Lee is the
sole director and sole shareholder, I am also satisfied that the underlying
rationale for the requirement (of an affidavit by another officer) has been
met on the present facts.

Whether the court should exercise its discretion to grant leave for Mr Lee to
act on behalf of the defendant in the Suit

29 Order 1 r 9(2) of the Rules of Court provides that leave may be granted if
the court is satisfied that: (a) the officer has been duly authorised by the
company; and (b) it is appropriate to give leave in the circumstances of the
case. The first requirement is undoubtedly satisfied and the only concern is
whether it is appropriate to give leave in the circumstances. Based on the
three affidavits filed by the defendant in support of its O 1 r 9(2)
application, it appears that the only reason given by the defendant for its
seeking leave is its financial impecuniosity.

30 I mentioned above that _Bulk Trading_ has addressed the factors to be
considered in an O 1 r 9(2) application. I am in broad agreement with the
reasoning and decision in _Bulk Trading_. I will nonetheless make a few
observations on O 1 r 9(2) in the light of the importance and novelty of the
provision.

The position prior to the amendments allowing an officer of the company to act
on the company’s behalf

31 The current wording found in O 1 r 9(2) of the Rules of Court was
introduced in 2011. The 2011 amendments, however, restricted the application
of O 1 r 9(2) to proceedings in a District Court or Magistrate’s Court. The
significance of the recent 2014 amendments is that they extended the
application of O 1 r 9(2) to proceedings before the Family Court, the High
Court and the Court of Appeal.

32 The leading Singapore decision on an officer acting on behalf of a company
prior to the 2011 and 2014 amendments is _Lea Tool and Moulding Industries Pte
Ltd (in liquidation) v CGU International Insurance plc (formerly known as
Commer Union Assurance Co plc)_ [2000] 3 SLR(R) 745 (“ _Lea Tool_ ”). Then,
there was no express provision that allowed an officer to act on behalf of a
company in legal proceedings. _Lea Tool_ nonetheless held that the court had
an inherent power in exceptional cases to allow an officer to appear on behalf
of a company and to take steps to continue with pending litigation. While such
power existed, it flowed from the court’s inherent jurisdiction and was only
to be exercised in exceptional circumstances. The default position was that a
company had to be represented in legal proceedings by a qualified advocate and
solicitor.

The position post-amendments

33 Under the new regime, the default position remains the same. A company
ordinarily has to be represented in legal proceedings by a qualified advocate
and solicitor. The difference is that there is now an express provision, in
the form of O 1 r 9(2) of the Rules of Court, which allows the court to grant
leave in appropriate cases for an officer of the company to act on its behalf.
There is no longer a need to rely on the court’s inherent jurisdiction.

34 I am in full agreement with Chong J’s conclusion in _Bulk Trading_ at [78]
that under the new regime, it is not necessary for the company to establish
that there are exceptional circumstances justifying the grant of leave. After
reviewing the case law and the arguments, Chong J came to the view at [78]
that to do so would be to apply an unduly restrictive approach. If the
drafters of O 1 r 9(2) intended the exceptional circumstances test as
articulated in _Lea Tool_ to be the litmus standard, much clearer words, such
as “special circumstances” could have been used.

35 What the new provision requires is that the court must be satisfied that it
is appropriate to grant leave in the circumstances of the case. In contrast,
reliance on inherent jurisdiction, while not circumscribed by rigid criteria
or tests, must be exercised judiciously, by reference to the needs of justice.
As the Court of Appeal stated in _Wee Soon Kim Anthony v Law Society of
Singapore_ [2001] 2 SLR(R) 821 at [29], the court’s inherent jurisdiction
could only be invoked when there was “a need of such a gravity ...”. The
reason was stated by Andrew Phang J (as he then was) in _Wellmix Organics
(International) Pte Ltd v Lau Yu Man_ [2006] 2 SLR(R) 117 at [81]:

… It is commonsensical that [the court’s inherent jurisdiction] was not
intended to allow the courts _carte blanche_ to devise any procedural remedy
they think fit. That would be the very antithesis of what [it] is intended to
achieve. The key criterion justifying invocation of the [court’s inherent
jurisdiction] is therefore that of “need” – in order that justice be done
and/or that injustice or abuse of process of the court be avoided. …

It is therefore not surprising that stringent safeguards are needed where the
power is said to flow from the court’s inherent jurisdiction. The position is
different where the court is exercising a statutory power conferred on it by
the Rules of Court and the Supreme Court of Judicature Act (Cap 322, 2007 Rev
Ed). In such a case, it is far more helpful to focus on the words of the
provision that confers the power on the court. In this case, the question is
therefore whether it is “appropriate to give such leave in the circumstances
of the case”.

36 A more difficult question is the underlying justification for the default
rule that a company may only participate in proceedings with legal
representation. The justification is important because it shapes the manner
and ease with which leave would be granted for an officer to act on behalf of
a company in legal proceedings. It will assist in the determination of whether
leave is appropriate in the circumstances.

37 Chong J helpfully identified several historical reasons for the restriction
on lay representation for companies. These included a concern flowing from the
doctrine of limited liability, that those who litigate with a company are in a
disadvantageous position as the company may not be able to compensate them and
the company’s shareholders’ assets are not at risk. Chong J observed at [28]
that it was therefore in the interests of a corporate litigant’s potential
creditors and opponents that certain constraints be imposed on the company in
litigation, including having to act through lawyers.

38 Chong J, however, doubted the merits of such a view, stating at [28] that
“it is not obvious that a company is very different from an individual
litigant in this respect”. The point made was that if the company was a
plaintiff, then the defendant could always ask for security for costs. If the
company was a defendant, then the plaintiff had to take his chances that the
defendant would not be able to compensate it, just as any other plaintiff
does. Chong J therefore commented that it was difficult to see how requiring
the company to be legally represented would make a difference. After
considering a number of other historical reasons, Chong J concluded at [34]
that it was not immediately apparent that the distinction between litigants in
person and corporate litigants remains justifiable.

39 Another prevailing view is that the benefits of incorporation are bought at
a price. Part of that price is that security for costs can be obtained in some
circumstances against a company. Another part of the price is the default rule
that a corporation cannot act without legal advisers. This was the view taken
by Maria Yuen JA in the decision of the Hong Kong Special Administrative
Region (“Hong Kong”) Court of Appeal in _Hondon Development Limited and
another v Powerise Investments Limited and another_ [2003] HKCA 323 (“ _Hondon
v Powerise_ ”) at [19].

40 In _Hondon v Powerise_ , a defendant company sought leave for its corporate
director “to begin and carry on an appeal” against a judgment obtained by the
plaintiff. The only ground relied on was “the stringent financial condition”
which was said to have prevented it from instructing lawyers to launch and
pursue the appeal. The Hong Kong Court of Appeal endorsed the policy argument
summarised in the preceding paragraph. The practical effect was that lack of
financial resources was no longer “per se” a good enough reason for grant of
leave. Further, the policy rationale was said, at [20], to be even stronger
(protection of creditors) where the corporate defendant has had judgment given
against it. Nevertheless, it is noted that the reason why the Hong Kong Court
of Appeal revoked the leave was because the corporate defendant had advanced a
$12.2m unsecured, interest-free loan to its corporate director with nothing
known of the financial viability of the corporate director. In short, the
evidence as to the financial condition of the defendant company was very thin,
especially so in light of the substantial loan that it had made to its
corporate director. While financial constraint may not be enough on its own to
justify leave, the absence of sufficient details or proof of the financial
constraint was clearly the major reason why leave was not granted.

41 Chong J in _Bulk Trading_ disagreed with this approach. He expressed at
[60] that this policy rationale, while accepted in Hong Kong, was not
“particularly satisfactory”. In doing so, Chong J referred back to his earlier
comment on the question whether a corporate litigant is to be regarded as
different from an individual litigant in this respect. At [28] it was said
that if the corporate litigant is a defendant and the corporate cupboard is
bare, that is a risk that the plaintiff must take. The position is no
different from the case where an individual defendant turns out to be
penniless. Nevertheless, even if the default position, that a company is to be
represented by lawyers, is no longer to be seen as a restraint imposed as part
of the _quid pro quo_ for the benefits of incorporation, it may still be a
relevant factor in appropriate cases when making the determination as to
whether leave should be granted.

42 That said, it bears mention that the present regime in Singapore has not
gone so far as to remove the distinction between litigants in person and
corporate litigants altogether. What it has done is to make it unnecessary to
rely on the court’s inherent power as the source of the discretion in the case
of corporate litigants. Even if an affidavit has been filed in accordance with
the Rules of Court by another officer of the company, the court must still
examine the reasons as to why leave is necessary in order to make a
determination as to whether the grant is appropriate on the facts before it.
The mere fact that the company wants the officer to represent it in the legal
proceedings and the mere fact that the officer agrees and wishes to act for
the company in such proceedings is not enough.

43 Turning to the approach that the court should take when faced with an O 1 r
9(2) application, Chong J stated in _Bulk Trading_ at [80] that a neutral
approach was to be preferred. This statement must be seen in the light of the
fact that Singapore has not gone so far as to equalise the position between
litigants in person and corporate litigants. The default position remains as
before: corporate litigants are to act through lawyers in legal proceedings.

44 Indeed, Chong J recognised at [47] that there were sound reasons for
requiring a corporate litigant to first seek the leave of court before being
able to represent itself in proceedings. Three reasons advanced in _Winn v
Stewart Bros Constructions Pty Ltd_ [2012] SASC 150 were cited:

(a) The opposite party may be disadvantaged by the time and cost of the
proceeding being extended due to the company not being represented by a
legally qualified advocate.

(b) The public interest in the efficient and timely administration of justice
may be prejudiced by the time and cost of the proceeding being extended due to
the company not being represented by a legally qualified advocate.

(c) The public interest in the fair administration of justice may be
prejudiced by the fact that a lay advocate (unlike a legally qualified
advocate) does not owe a duty to the court and to the parties in the
litigation to ensure that the court is properly informed and not misled.

45 Chong J, with respect, rightly concluded at [48] that if the general
prohibition against lay representation had been completely abolished, the
balance would be tilted too far in favour of considerations of access to
justice while at the same time ignoring the three identified concerns. It
follows that while it is no longer the law in Singapore that only exceptional
circumstances will justify the grant of leave, the court in taking a “neutral
approach” must still assess the reasons for leave in the light of the reasons
as to why the default rule exists in the first place. It is for the applicant
to demonstrate that the circumstances are appropriate for the grant of leave:
appropriate as measured against the reason why the default rule exists.

46 The question whether leave should be granted involves an exercise of
discretion. The court must look at all the circumstances, not just the reason
relied on by the applicant company. The court is bound to consider the matter
from the perspective of all the parties as well as the public interest in the
fair, efficient and timely administration of justice. It follows that the
reason relied upon must be evaluated on its own merit and also balanced
against the circumstances as a whole.

47 Take for example the English decision in _Tracto Teknik GMBH and another v
LKL International Pty Ltd and others_ [2003] 2 BCLC 519 (“ _Tracto_ ”). The
case involved a claim for patent infringement against six defendants. The
first defendant was the supplier of the infringing articles and the second
defendant was the distributor. The fourth to sixth defendants were members of
another group of companies. The question was whether a full-time employee
should be allowed to represent all the defendants. It was clear that the first
and second defendants were in a poor financial state. The fourth to sixth
defendants on the other hand were financially healthy but were unwilling to
pay the costs of litigation. The English High Court granted leave for the
employee to represent the first and second defendants since the employee was
closely connected to them. Leave was refused in the case of the fourth to
sixth defendants. Not only were they financially capable of representing
themselves, the employee for whom leave was sought owed no duties to the
fourth to sixth defendants.

48 At the time _Tracto_ was decided, the English rules of civil procedure had
already been amended to allow permission to be granted to an employee to
represent the company without an express requirement for exceptional
circumstances. Nevertheless, the English High Court in granting leave to the
first and second defendants took into account a range of considerations (aside
from financial constraint) at [12] : (a) the complexity of the issues, (b) the
layperson’s experience, (c) the position of the companies which he sought to
represent (the position when the companies were _in extremis_ may be different
from cases when they are not), (d) the amount of work necessary and the
layperson’s ability to do that work, and (e) whether the layperson appeared in
principle capable of understanding and discharging any obligations of
disclosure. This was so notwithstanding that the amendments to the English
Civil Procedure Rules resulted in a “complete reversal” (per Chong J in _Bulk
Trading_ at [55]) of the default position.

49 Leave was granted in _Tracto_ since the employee was closely connected to
the first and second defendants. Further, there was no doubt these companies
were in a poor financial position: indeed one balance sheet of “some
antiquity” (see [2]) indicated that the second defendant was balance sheet
insolvent. The position was quite different in the case of the other
defendants. Not only were they financially sound (as indicated by the annual
returns produced), they raised independent issues of joint tortfeasance and
innocent infringement. Those matters were said to give rise to complex issues
of disclosure. The employee for whom leave was sought had merely been employed
for £1 a year to provide legal advice. No duties were owed under any contract
of employment. The employee in question was closely connected with the first
and second defendants and the burden placed upon him in representing these
companies was such that he was in no position to represent the other
defendants as well.

50 Given that financial constraint will likely be at least a major plank
behind the application for leave, it behoves the applicant to provide a
sufficient basis for the court to make an informed decision on the degree of
the financial constraint. As was said by Pumfrey J in _Tracto_ case: there is
a difference when a company is _in extremis_ , at death’s door, and when it is
not. In the _Tracto_ case, the annual returns indicated that the fourth to
sixth defendants were financially sound. On the other hand, the last return of
the second defendant indicated that it was balance sheet insolvent. On the
evidence such as it was, Pumfrey J had no doubt that the first and second
defendants were in a poor financial state.

51 While there may be a range of reasons behind a company’s application for
leave, it seems probable that in most cases it will be related to or at least
include financial impecuniosity. After all, proof of financial constraint or
impecuniosity appears to be, if not essential, at least an important, albeit
not necessarily always sufficient, condition. Financial impecuniosity,
however, is a broad concept. At one end of the spectrum, the company may be
facing temporary cash flow problems, but is otherwise financially stable. At
the other end of the spectrum, the company may be close to insolvency _in
extremis_.

52 It stands to reason that where financial impecuniosity is the sole or main
reason for the application, the court must take account of the extent of the
financial constraints on the company and the ability of the company to engage
counsel. Even where the court is satisfied that the company is facing
financial difficulties such as to impede its ability to engage counsel, the
court must still have regard to all other relevant factors in deciding whether
it is appropriate to grant leave.

53 Apart from financial impecuniosity, Chong J in _Bulk Trading_ identified a
range of factors relevant to the exercise of the court's discretion pursuant
to O 1 r 9(2). The list is not exhaustive and includes:

(a) whether the application for leave has been properly made pursuant to the
Rules of Court;

(b) the financial position of the corporate applicant and/or its shareholders;

(c) the _bona fides_ of the application;

(d) the role of the company in the proceedings;

(e) the structure of the company;

(f) the complexity of the factual and legal issues;

(g) the merits of the company’s case;

(h) the amount of the claim;

(i) the competence and creditability of the proposed representative; and

(j) the stage of the proceedings.

54 It is not necessary to set out in detail Chong J’s exposition rendered on
each of the above factors. Instead, I will confine myself to a brief
discussion of some of the factors which I find to be especially relevant on
the present facts.

Analysis of the factors relevant to the present application

The financial position of the defendant

55 The three affidavits which were filed in support of the defendant’s O 1 r
9(2) application reveal that this is the sole basis of the defendant’s
application for leave.

56 The First Affidavit does not set out any explanation as to why the
defendant is unable to obtain legal representation. Indeed, it offers no
reasons at all why leave should be granted. The First Affidavit is confusing
and appears to be a strenuous, if somewhat garbled, denial of the merits of
the plaintiffs’ claim for trade mark infringement, passing off and injurious
falsehood.

57 The Second Affidavit which was made by Ms Lee makes a bare statement that
Mr Lee has vast experience in pharmaceutical companies and therefore the
necessary knowledge to act for the defendant. It also asserts, without any
supporting documents, that the defendant’s financial resources have been
depleted by heavy legal expenses. The only exhibit is the UOB bank statement
referred to at [13] above.

58 The Third Affidavit which was made by Mr Lee repeats that the defendant has
depleted its financial resources and exhibits several letters from the
defendant’s former solicitors requesting payment of fee deposits. There are no
audited financial statements or other evidence supporting the claim that the
defendant’s resources have been depleted. Indeed the letters from the
defendant’s solicitors to the defendant merely showed that the defendant had
not been paying its bills timeously. There was nothing in the letters
exhibited that suggests the _reason_ for these lapses was the dire financial
straits that the defendant was purportedly in.

59 In these circumstances, I am left with what is essentially a bare assertion
that the defendant’s financial resources are so heavily depleted in meeting
their previous legal expenses that it is unable to engage further legal
representation. I recognise that the exhibits support the view that a fair
amount of work and time had been spent in preparing the matter for trial by
the defendant’s former solicitors. In a letter dated 24 July 2014 that Mr Lee
heavily redacted, the defendant’s former solicitors requested a further
deposit of $120,000. The letter made reference to the effort of the law firm
to accommodate the defendant’s cash flow and referred briefly to the
flexibility already exercised on provision of fee deposits.

60 This is the entirety of the evidence placed before me in the application.
On it, I must make my decision of whether to grant leave for Mr Lee to
represent the defendant. The only reason in support of the application is the
assertion of financial impecuniosity on the part of the defendant. Even that
assertion is supported by thin evidence, if any at all. The UOB bank balance
does not prove anything about the defendant’s overall financial position, its
financial commitments and resources. While I accept that the defendant’s
former solicitors discharged themselves on account of the defendant’s failure
to provide the requisite fee deposits, I note again that there is very little
information as to why this was so. While I do accept that the defendant may
have had a problem with cash flow, I am unable to form any broader view on the
overall financial state of the defendant.

Whether the application has been properly made pursuant to the Rules of Court

61 The application in the present case was not initially supported by an
affidavit from another officer of the defendant company. But the defect was
cured when the Second Affidavit was filed by Ms Lee, the defendant’s corporate
secretary. This is therefore a neutral factor.

The financial position of Mr Lee

62 Leaving aside the financial position of the defendant company, there was no
information provided at all on the financial position of Mr Lee, the sole
director and shareholder, for whom leave was being sought.

63 In _Bulk Trading_ , Chong J observed at [96] that he was reluctant to have
regard to the financial status of the shareholders of the company unless the
shareholders stood to benefit (as where the company was the claimant) or where
a claim to lift the corporate veil was in issue. I agree that where there is a
live issue relating to the lifting of the corporate veil, the financial
position of the relevant shareholders may be an important consideration. As in
_Bulk Trading_ , there is no suggestion in the material before me that an
attempt will be made to lift the corporate veil. That said, it is clear that
the defendant company is wholly-owned by Mr Lee who is the sole director and
shareholder. It is also clear that Mr Lee is the sole person responsible for
the day-to-day management and operations of the defendant. It follows that Mr
Lee has a direct interest in the claim against the defendant. For this reason,
I am of the view that the absence of any information from Mr Lee as to his own
financial resources is a relevant consideration. It is not conclusive, but in
my view it is one of the considerations.

64 Indeed, I note that in _Bulk Trading_ , Chong J stated at [103] that the
fact that the proposed representative is the sole shareholder or is
effectively the embodiment of the company is a relevant consideration. This
suggests that in such cases, the corporate litigant is similar to an
individual litigant. But on the other hand, where the director is the _alter
ego_ of the company, he will also be the main witness for the company. If so,
this may militate against the grant of leave. In the present case, it appears
that Mr Lee will be the main witness for the defendant. While I accept that Mr
Lee is well acquainted with the facts underlying the dispute and the
defendant’s business, I am of the view that this factor tends against the
grant of leave.

The competence of Mr Lee and the complexity of the legal issues

65 The Suit turns on a range of issues in trade mark law, passing off and
injurious falsehood. Some of the issues of law engaged are technical, and
include the question of similarity and likelihood of confusion, the principles
to be applied when comparing trade marks, tarnishment and injury by
association, defences based on comparative advertising, malice and injurious
falsehood. These are not insignificant issues as is demonstrated by the number
of contested trade mark cases involving similar questions in recent years.

66 On the material before me, Mr Lee does not appear to have legal training.
He does not stand in the position of, for example, an in-house legal counsel.
Further, notwithstanding the clear direction to Mr Lee that an affidavit was
required which sets out a proper explanation with supporting material as to
why leave was needed and the financial position of the defendant, the Third
Affidavit comprised a good deal of irrelevant material on discovery and
reports of a private investigator. The Third Affidavit was long on irrelevant
material and short on why leave should be granted. While I accept that the
letters from the defendant’s former solicitors offer some support for the view
that the defendant experienced a cash flow problem, there is little else on
the defendant’s or Mr Lee’s financial position. The fact that Mr Lee also
appeared to be unsure of the defendant’s obligation to appoint a corporate
secretary is also a cause for some concern.

67 In making these comments, I agree with Chong J’s statement at [112] that
although a lay representative will lack familiarity with law and procedure –
and that delay and some inconvenience is a natural consequence of allowing
litigation to be conducted in person – this does not mean that leave should
not be granted. I also recognise that many of the pre-trial preparations such
as the pleadings, the affidavits of evidence-in-chief, as well as a few
interlocutory applications were made under the carriage of the defendant’s
former solicitors.

68 Nevertheless, the apparent competence of the lay person to conduct the
trial, and to present the case and assist the court is a factor of some
relevance bearing in mind all the other circumstances, including the
complexity of the matters raised and the stage of the proceedings.

Conclusion

69 In the present case, I am unable to come to any assessment as to the
defendant’s overall financial ability to engage counsel for the trial. The
exhibition of a single bank account as supporting evidence, without more, is
unhelpful. There are no audited accounts, no financial statements or tax
statements. There is not even a letter from the defendant to its former
solicitors as to why the defendant is unable to meet the fee deposits.

70 Financial impecuniosity is the sole reason for the defendant’s application.
The defendant has not even made out a sufficiently clear case of it. That,
coupled with the other factors touched on earlier, lead me to the conclusion
that this is not an appropriate case to grant leave. The defendant’s
application is dismissed. I will hear parties on costs unless an agreement is
reached.

71 All that remains is for the court to record its appreciation to learned
counsel for the plaintiffs whose written submissions on the applicable legal
principles were helpful and framed in a clear and balanced manner.

* * *

[note: 1]Lee Boon Guan’s affidavit dated 8 October 2014, Exhibit LBG-5.

[note: 2]Lee Lay Hong’s affidavit dated 31 October 2014, paragraph 6.

[note: 3]Lee Lay Hong’s affidavit dated 31 October 2014, Exhibit LBG-1.

[note: 4]Lee Boon Guan’s affidavit dated 14 November 2014, Exhibit LBG-1.

[note: 5]Lee Boon Guan’s affidavit dated 14 November 2014, Exhibit LBG-2.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 13 Jan 2015 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

