Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Yeo Boong Hua and others _v_ Turf Club Auto Emporium Pte Ltd and others  
[2015] SGHC 207

Case Number| :| Suit No 27 of 2009  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 06 August 2015  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Woo Bih Li J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Adrian Tan, Ong Pei Ching, Roy Paul Mukkam and Lim Siok
Khoon (Stamford Law Corporation) for the plaintiffs; Kelvin Poon, Farrah
Salam, Chai Wei Han and Alyssa Leong (Rajah & Tann Singapore LLP) for the 1st,
2nd, 3rd, 4th, and 7th defendants; Sim Chong and Kate Loo (JLC Advisors LLP)
for the 5th defendant; Khor Wee Siong (Khor Thiam Beng & Partners) for the 8th
defendant.  
Parties| :|  Yeo Boong Hua — Lim Ah Poh — Teo Tian Seng — Turf Club Auto
Emporium Pte Ltd — Singapore Agro Agricultural Pte Ltd — Koh Khong Meng — Turf
City Pte Ltd — Tan Huat Chye — Ng Chye Samuel — Tan Chee Beng — Ong Cher Keong  
  
[LawNet Editorial Note: Civil Appeal No 168 of 2015 was dismissed by the Court
of Appeal on 22 March 2017 (save that the Court of Appeal reversed the trial
judge’s order to set aside the Consent Order and revive the Consolidated
Suits). Civil Appeal No 171 of 2015 was also dismissed by the Court of Appeal,
while Civil Appeal No 173 of 2015 was deemed withdrawn. See [2017] SGCA 21.

The Court of Appeal considered, and made orders in relation to, the remaining
issues in Civil Appeals Nos 168 and 171 of 2015 which had not been decided in
[2015] 5 SLR 268 and which were not the subject of the first appeal hearing in
[2017] 2 SLR 12. The respondents’ claim for breach of fiduciary duties was
dismissed, and the High Court judge's findings in [2018] 3 SLR 806 on the
liability of the fifth appellant in CA 168/2015 and the appellant in CA
171/2015 for the torts of conspiracy and inducement of breach of contract and
the liability of the third appellant in CA 168/2015 for the tort of conspiracy
were affirmed. See [2018] SGCA 44.

For the Court of Appeal's decision on the issues of damages and costs, see
[2018] SGCA 79.]

6 August 2015| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Woo Bih Li J:

Introduction

1 This case concerns a number of parties. The three plaintiffs (“the
Plaintiffs”) are:

(a) Yeo Boong Hua, also known as “Johnny Yeo”;

(b) Lim Ah Poh, also known as “Michael Lim”; and

(c) Teo Tian Seng, also known as “Raymond Teo”.

2 The 1st defendant, Turf Club Auto Emporium Pte Ltd (“TCAE”) and the 4th
defendant, Turf City Pte Ltd (“TCPL”), are nominal defendants. The other
defendants are:

(a) the 2nd defendant, Singapore Agro Agricultural Pte Ltd (“SAA”);

(b) the 3rd defendant, Koh Khong Meng (“Roger Koh”);

(c) the 5th defendant, Tan Huat Chye (“Tan Senior”);

(d) the 6th defendant, Ng Chye Samuel (“Samuel Ng”);

(e) the 7th defendant, Tan Chee Beng (“Tan CB”) who is the son of Tan Senior;
and

(f) the 8th defendant, Ong Cher Keong (“Ong CK”).

I will refer to these eight defendants collectively as “the Defendants”.

3 This action may be described as the latest saga in a longstanding dispute
between two business groups of a joint venture. The two groups have been
engaged in legal tussles with each other for more than 12 years. The
Plaintiffs make up one group. The five individual defendants _viz_ , Roger
Koh, Tan Senior, Samuel Ng, Tan CB, and Ong CK make up the other faction along
with SAA which is a company. However, Samuel Ng has not taken any substantive
role in the present action. I will refer to these five individual defendants
collectively as the “SAA Group”. TCAE and TCPL are companies incorporated
under the joint venture.[note: 1] More will be said later on the background of
these two groups as well as TCAE and TCPL, but suffice to say for now, these
two companies are the subject of the dispute between the two groups.

4 The Plaintiffs’ primary relief is to set aside a consent order which they
had entered into with the 1st to 6th defendants (“the Consent Order”) on 22
February 2006. The Consent Order was meant to settle the minority oppression
actions brought by the Plaintiffs for various reliefs including an account of
profits of the joint venture. As it turned out, disputes arose over the
implementation of the Consent Order, and these disputes have brought the
parties into the courtroom on a number of occasions. In the present action,
the Plaintiffs’ goal is to set aside the Consent Order. If they succeed, they
intend to reinstate the minority oppression actions.

Background facts

The formation of the joint venture

5 The joint venture between the two groups concerned the development and
operation of a site known as Parcel A of the former Bukit Timah Turf Club
(“the Site”). The Site was a large plot of land (roughly 557,000 m2)[note: 2]
located in Bukit Timah.

6 On 5 January 2001, the Singapore Land Authority (“SLA”), which was then
known as the Singapore Land Office, invited tenders for the lease of the Site.
An advertisement of the tender invitation was published in the Straits Times
on 5 January 2001 and in the Lian He Zao Bao on 9 January 2001. Amongst other
information, the following was stated in the advertisement:[note: 3]

Tender of the State Property for Parcel A at former Bukit Timah Turf Club with
use as Commercial, Institution/ Community, Sports & Recreation, Residential;
3+3+3 years Tenure

7 To facilitate the tender exercise, SLA also put up a Tender Notice[note: 4]
which contained general information of the tender. In the Tender Notice, the
“duration of period contract” was stated to be “(From) 1 September 2001 … (To)
30 August 2010 …”. Under a section called “General Information”, the tenure
was described to be “3+3+3 years”. The “Guide Rent” was $380,000 per month.
The “3+3+3 years” tenure was repeated under a section called “Property
Description”.[note: 5]

8 When the tender exercise closed on 2 March 2001, SLA received only two bids.
The first bid was submitted by the Plaintiffs through their own joint venture
vehicle named Bukit Timah Carmart Pte Ltd (“BTC”). All of them are businessmen
who at the material time were in the used car trading business. They had their
own businesses but the three also had experience working with each other
before. For instance, on 15 March 2000, they incorporated Leng Kee Carmart Pte
Ltd, a used car centre which sublets spaces to car dealers.[note: 6] Today,
they are still in this trade.

9 The SAA Group used SAA to submit a second bid, pursuant to a joint venture
between the five individuals in the SAA Group.[note: 7]

10 SAA had previously developed a farm-style mall known as “Farmart Centre”
located near Sungei Tengah. Tan CB and Ong CK were directors[note: 8] and
shareholders[note: 9] of SAA. Tan Senior, who is the father of Tan CB, used to
be a shareholder and director of SAA until he sold his shareholding to Tan CB
and ceased to be a director on 23 February 2001.[note: 10] Tan Senior and Ong
CK had been business partners for over ten years.[note: 11] The other two
individuals, Roger Koh and Samuel Ng, were neither directors nor shareholders
of SAA. However, they were business partners with Tan Senior in a separate
company called Kallang Auto Centre Pte Ltd (“Kallang Auto”) which sublets
spaces to car dealers.

11 The SAA Group’s initial plan was to rely on their internal expertise in
developing the Site. Architects Group Associates Pte Ltd (“AGA”), an
architectural consultancy firm, would be in charge of the architectural
aspects. Ong CK was an architect. He was a shareholder and principal
director[note: 12] of AGA.[note: 13] Goodland Development Pte Ltd
(“Goodland”), a construction and property development company in which Tan CB
was a director and shareholder,[note: 14] would be in charge of the
construction works. Tan CB was previously working as a civil engineer at the
Housing and Development Board.[note: 15]

12 The two bids were both submitted on the tender closing date of 2 March
2001. The Plaintiffs submitted a bid of $260,000 rent per month while the SAA
Group submitted a bid of $390,000 rent per month. The submissions were to take
place at the SLA office which was formerly located at 8 Shenton Way, #24-01
Temasek Tower, Singapore 068811. There, the Plaintiffs bumped into Tan Senior,
Roger Koh and Tan CB. Tan Senior and Roger Koh had been acquainted with
Raymond Teo previously through the car trading industry.[note: 16] It was
during this encounter that each group came to know that the other group had
placed or was planning to place a bid for the Site. The two groups commenced
discussions about jointly developing and operating the Site, although there
was some disagreement as to whether the discussions commenced before or after
the bids were submitted.[note: 17]

13 A consensus was reached that the two groups would enter into a joint
venture to develop and operate the Site (“the Joint Venture”). A Memorandum of
Understanding (“MOU”) was signed on 8 March 2001 by the Plaintiffs and the SAA
Group (“the Eight Individuals”). It is common ground that before the MOU was
signed, SLA had already released information on the identity of the bidders
and the bid amounts but SLA had not yet awarded the tender to either bidder.
Even though the Eight Individuals signed the MOU, parties disputed as to
whether Tan CB and Ong CK signed the MOU in their personal capacity or whether
they entered into the MOU using SAA.

14 The salient terms of the MOU may be summarised as follows:

(a) a new joint venture company (“New Company”) would be incorporated to
develop and operate the Site;

(b) Johnny Yeo, Michael Lim and Raymond Teo would hold 37.5% of the
shareholding of the New Company, and the remaining 62.5% shareholding would be
collectively held by the other group;

(c) only shareholders are deemed to be directors of the New Company; and

(d) the development of the Site would be jointly headed by AGA and Goodland.

15 The Plaintiffs’ case was that the terms of the Joint Venture were not
exhaustively contained in the MOU. Apart from the MOU, they alleged that there
were two separate oral agreements between the Eight Individuals. The first was
entered into on 2 March 2001 before the signing of the MOU at a Starbucks Café
located on the ground floor of Temasek Towers[note: 18] and later at Tung Lok
Restaurant located at East Coast Recreation Centre (“OA1”).[note: 19] The
second was entered into after the signing of the MOU, either on 8 March
2001[note: 20] or sometime in April 2001[note: 21] (8 March 2001 being the
Plaintiffs’ latest position) at Punggol Marina (“OA2”). A summary of the
salient terms allegedly contained in OA1 and OA2 are as follows:[note: 22]

(a) The Eight Individuals who were party to the Joint Venture would jointly
exploit the lease of the Site in equal shares of 12.5% each.

(b) The lease of the Site would be held beneficially by the Eight Individuals
jointly so long as SLA continued to grant leases to either the Plaintiffs or
SAA.

(c) Instead of the New Company, two newly incorporated Joint Venture
companies, TCAE and TCPL (“the JV Companies”), would develop the Site. The
previous name of TCAE was Turf Club Auto Megamart Pte Ltd.[note: 23] The JV
Companies would sublease the Site from either BTC or SAA on identical terms as
the lease between BTC/SAA and SLA.

(d) The monthly rent of the sub-tenancies between SAA and the JV Companies
would be fixed at 3% above the tender rate payable by SAA to SLA.[note: 24]

16 It was the Plaintiffs’ case that flowing from the alleged oral agreements
and the MOU, there was an understanding that so long as a head lease was in
place between SAA/BTC and SLA, the JV Companies would be granted sub-tenancies
on identical terms (“the Back-to-Back Arrangement”). The Defendants disputed
the existence of the two oral agreements and the existence of the Back-to-Back
Arrangement, but they agreed that subsequent to the MOU there was an oral
agreement to form two joint venture companies instead of one.[note: 25] The
parties spent a significant part of the trial arguing about the existence of
the Back-to-Back Arrangement although the outcome of the present action does
not turn on whether this arrangement did in fact exist before the Consent
Order was recorded.

17 It was not really disputed that the parties to the Joint Venture agreed
that the business model of the JV Companies was to develop part of the Site
into a used car centre and the areas known as the Main and the North Grand
Stands into a shopping mall (“the Project”). TCAE would operate the used car
centre and TCPL would operate the shopping mall.[note: 26] The JV Companies
would then rent or license out individual lots or units to ultimate tenants or
licensees. The rent or license fees payable by the ultimate tenants/licensees
would form the main source of revenue for the JV Companies. The JV Companies
would bear all costs of developing and operating the Site as well as
incidental costs. The JV Companies would pay an aggregate monthly rent
comprising the same amount as the head lease rent plus 3% of its gross monthly
rental income to the head leasee, which would hold the head lease from SLA.

18 On 25 April 2001, SLA wrote to inform SAA that its bid was accepted.[note:
27] The acceptance letter stated that the term of tenancy would be three years
with an option to renew for a three-year term plus a further option for a
three-year term. The grant of the options was stated to be at the absolute
discretion of the Collector of Land Revenue.

19 On 10 July 2001, SLA and SAA formally entered into a tenancy agreement
(“the 2001 Head Lease”). A Draft Tenancy Agreement previously attached to the
Tender Notice dated 5 January 2001 was adopted for the 2001 Head Lease. The
tenure of the 2001 Head Lease was stipulated in two clauses. Clause 1(1) of
the 2001 Head Lease stated that the lease period was three years starting from
1 September 2001 at a monthly rent of $390,000. Clause 1(3) stated that “[t]he
Landlord may at his absolute discretion grant a fresh tenancy for a further
term of 3 years subject to new terms and conditions and revision of rental
upon the expiration of the term hereby created.”[note: 28]

20 With the successful procurement of the head lease, SAA entered into
separate sub-tenancy agreements with TCAE and TCPL on the same day for a
period of three years less one day from 1 September 2001 to 30 August 2004
(“the 2001 STAs”). In line with the business model outlined at [17], the
multi-story carpark at 720 Dunearn Road, Singapore[note: 29] was subleased to
TCAE (under its previous name _viz_ , Turf Club Auto Megamart Pte Ltd) to be
developed into a used car centre while the Main and North Grandstands[note:
30] were subleased to TCPL to be developed into a shopping mall. TCAE and TCPL
would each pay a gross monthly rent of $195,000 to SAA (making a total of
$390,000 rent per month) plus 3% of its gross rent or license fee per month
(instead of 3% of the rent payable by SAA to SLA). Notably, the 2001 STAs
contained an “Option to Renew” clause (found in paragraph 7 of Schedule 1)
which purportedly granted the JV Companies two options to renew the three-year
tenancy for a period of three years each.

21 In the meantime, renovation works began shortly after SAA was notified that
it was the successful bidder. In accordance with the MOU, Goodland and AGA
were appointed to be in charge of the construction and architectural aspects
of the Project respectively. On 14 June 2001, 26 October 2001 and 26 November
2001, TCPL purportedly awarded Goodland contracts for $5m, $6.1m and $1.85m
respectively for Phases 1, 2 and 3 of the renovation works.

22 On 25 June 2001, the Eight Individuals were appointed as directors of
TCPL.[note: 31] As for TCAE, Tan Senior and Ong CK were the directors since
its incorporation[note: 32] and Raymond Teo also became a director on 23
October 2001.[note: 33] Tan CB was appointed a director of TCAE on 9 February
2002. Roger Koh was subsequently made a director of TCAE on 28 February
2004.[note: 34]

Minority Oppression Actions

23 As the renovation works were being carried out, disagreements arose between
the Plaintiffs and the SAA Group. The Plaintiffs raised concerns over the
accounts and finances of the JV Companies. On 17 April 2002, the Plaintiffs
appointed PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP (“PwC”) to review the accounts of the JV
Companies to check whether there was any irregularity.[note: 35] On 26 April
2002, Johnny Yeo made a formal request to Ong CK by way of letter to inspect
documents and accounting records of the JV Companies.[note: 36] A similar
request was made to Tan CB on 23 May 2002.[note: 37] According to the
Plaintiffs, the Defendants put up many obstacles to prevent them from carrying
out a proper review of the JV Companies’ accounts and finances. Several other
disputes arose between the parties.[note: 38]

24 The disputes culminated in the commencement of two minority oppression
actions after the Plaintiffs were not re-elected to TCPL’s Board of Directors
on 16 August 2002.[note: 39] Raymond Teo was, however, still a director of
TCAE. On 15 November 2002, Johnny Yeo and Michael Lim commenced Originating
Summons No. 1634 of 2002/D (“OS 1634/02”) for various reliefs including an
order to restrain TCPL from amending its Articles of Association.[note: 40]
TCPL, SAA, Tan Senior, Samuel Ng and Roger Koh were named defendants in OS
1634/02. Raymond Teo was originally a defendant[note: 41] in OS 1634/02 but
was added as a plaintiff on 28 May 2004.

25 On or about 25 August 2004, the Plaintiffs commenced Suit No. 703 of 2004/S
(“S 703/04”) for various reliefs including an account of profits involving
TCAE.[note: 42] TCAE, SAA and Roger Koh were named defendants in S 703/04. OS
1634/02 and S 703/04 were consolidated on 28 January 2005 (“the Consolidated
Suits”).[note: 43] Tan CB and Ong CK were not sued by the Plaintiffs in the
Consolidated Suits.

26 While the Consolidated Suits were ongoing, Samuel Ng, Tan Senior and Ong CK
were adjudged bankrupts on 25 April 2003, 29 August 2003 and 5 March 2004
respectively. Due to their bankruptcy the three individuals could no longer
hold onto their directorships in the JV Companies, leaving Tan CB and Roger
Koh as the ones formally in charge of the operations of the JV Companies from
2004 onwards (save that Raymond Teo was a director of TCAE until 15 November
2006 when he did not get re-elected[note: 44]). Following the bankruptcy of
Tan Senior, the Plaintiffs did not apply for leave to continue the
Consolidated Suits against him.[note: 45] This went on until 2009 when the
Plaintiffs decided to reinitiate legal action against him by naming him as one
of the defendants in the present suit. As for Ong CK, he was never named as a
defendant in the Consolidated Suits to begin with since the commencement of
proceedings in 2002. It was only in the present suit that he was named a
defendant.

Leases entered into in 2004

27 While the court proceedings were pending, the 2001 Head Lease and the 2001
STAs expired. On 10 September 2004, SLA granted SAA another lease of the Site
for a period of three years from 1 September 2004 (“the 2004 Head Lease”). The
rent payable by SAA was reduced to $260,000 per month because of poor economic
conditions during the renewal. The 2004 Head Lease contained a “Renewal of
Tenancy” clause as follows:

**_Clause 2- Renewal of Tenancy_**

2.1 The Landlord may at his absolute discretion grant a fresh tenancy for a
further term _[of]_**_3 YEARS_** subject to new terms and conditions and
revision of rental upon the expiration of the term hereby created.

Clause 2.1 is _in pari materia_ with clause 1(3) found in the 2001 Head Lease
(refer to [19] above).

28 On the same day of 10 September 2004, SAA entered into sub-tenancy
agreements with TCAE and TCPL respectively for a period of three years less
one day from 1 September 2004 to 30 August 2007 (“2004 STAs”). The 2004 STAs
involved the same areas as the 2001 STAs. The monthly rent payable by TCAE and
TCPL was $130,000 each (making a total of $260,000 per month) plus 3% of each
JV Company’s gross monthly rental/license fee income. However, unlike the 2001
STAs, the 2004 STAs did not include an “Option to Renew” clause. Raymond Teo –
who was still a director of TCAE then (until his removal on 15 November
2006)[note: 46] – was not consulted on the terms of TCAE’s 2004 STA.[note: 47]
The Plaintiffs further alleged that they were not shown the 2004 Head Lease
and 2004 STAs because by then they were no longer directors of TCPL although
Raymond Teo was still a director of TCAE.

The Consent Order

Terms of the Consent Order

29 The parties managed to reach a settlement before the Consolidated Suits
proceeded to trial. The terms of the settlement were encapsulated in the
Consent Order dated 22 February 2006 made before Justice Choo Han Teck (“Choo
J”).[note: 48] Negotiations leading up to the Consent Order were conducted by
the solicitors representing each side. AsiaLegal LLC (“AsiaLegal”) represented
the plaintiffs and Rajah & Tann LLP (“Rajah & Tann”) represented the
defendants. The parties to the Consent Order (“Consent Order Parties”) were:

(a) the Plaintiffs;

(b) TCPL;

(c) SAA;

(d) Tan Senior;

(e) Samuel Ng;

(f) Roger Koh; and

(g) TCAE.

I will refer to parties (b) to (g) as the “Defendants (CO)” instead of the
“Defendants” because Tan CB and Ong CK were neither defendants in the
Consolidated Suits nor parties to the Consent Order.

30 The aim of the Consent Order was to settle the Plaintiffs’ allegations made
in the Consolidated Suits and put an end to the Joint Venture by extricating
the Plaintiffs or the SAA Group from the JV Companies. Broadly speaking, a
three-stage mechanism was embodied within the Consent Order to achieve these
goals: (1) an investigation of the Plaintiffs’ allegations including whether
various costs and expenses incurred by the JV Companies in the course of
renovating the Site were reasonable; (2) a valuation of the JV Companies; and
(3) a closed bidding exercise.

31 At the end of the bidding exercise, the higher bidder would purchase the
respective shares of the lower bidder (clause 9(d)). The lower bidder would
also resign from their directorship positions in the JV Companies (clause
9(f)). An important clause, which I shall elaborate more upon later, was that
if the higher bidder were the Plaintiffs, the Defendants (CO), in particular
SAA, were to use their best endeavours to transfer SAA’s head lease with SLA
to the JV Companies (clause 9(g)).

32 Two entities were appointed to implement the Consent Order. KPMG Business
Advisory Pte Ltd (“KPMG BA”) was in charge of the investigation aspect while
KPMG Corporate Finance Pte Ltd (“KPMG CF”) was in charge of the valuation
aspect. KPMG CF was also to supervise the bidding exercise.

33 The Consent Order contained certain timelines. Both the investigation and
the valuation exercises were to be completed within 60 days of the date of
appointment of KPMG BA (“the IV Date”) unless parties agreed in writing to a
different time period (clause 2). Within one week from the IV Date, all
decisions, findings and conclusions as determined by KPMG CF in the conduct of
the valuation exercise were to be contained in a written report (“Valuation
Report”) to be submitted to the Consent Order Parties. Within 28 working days
of the receipt of the Valuation Report, the bidding exercise was to be carried
out (clause 9). The bidding exercise would be completed within two working
days of receipt of each party’s bid (if any) (clause 9(b)).

34 Clauses 4, 6 and 11 were put in place to facilitate a fair implementation
of the Consent Order.

(a) Clause 4 stated that the parties “may refer any and all matters which they
deem relevant to the Independent Valuer for his consideration and review”.

(b) Clause 6 placed an obligation on both parties to provide KPMG BA and KPMG
CF “full access” to certain documents that they “may require”. It also stated
that KPMG CF was at liberty to engage an independent Quantity Surveyor (“QS”)
as it deemed necessary or appropriate for the purposes of the Investigation
and Valuation Exercises.

(c) Clause 11 imposed an obligation on both parties to preserve the value of
the JV Companies when the Consent Order was still in operation. Both parties
undertook not to do anything that would affect the assets and ongoing
liabilities of the JV Companies, including anything which would “affect, vary
and/or alter the status quo” of the JV Companies, “including but not limited
to doing anything to affect the head lease between [SAA and SLA] and sub
leases presently entered into between [SAA and the JV Companies].”

Implementation of the Consent Order

35 On 25 April 2006, both KPMG entities were formally appointed by the Consent
Order Parties to perform the tasks stipulated under the Consent Order.[note:
49] Based on the timelines envisaged in the Consent Order, the IV Date was
supposed to be 25 June 2006. Consequently, the Valuation Report was to be
submitted to the Consent Order Parties by 2 July 2006. However, the
investigation and valuation exercises were delayed as parties were unable to
agree on the fees of appointing a second QS to replace the first QS who was no
longer prepared to be involved in the investigation exercise. The deadlock
culminated in KPMG BA writing to inform the Consent Order Parties on 3 August
2007 as follows:[note: 50]

As we have not received any objection from both the Plaintiffs and Defendants
to complete the valuation exercise without the appointment of an independent
quantity surveyor and in order not to protract the matter further, we will
proceed to finalise the valuation report.

KPMG CF proceeded to issue the Valuation Reports for TCPL and TCAE on 10
August 2007. This was more than 13 months after the deadline envisaged under
the Consent Order. In both reports, TCAE and TCPL were valued as at 31 May
2006.

36 In the meantime, unknown to both KPMG entities and the Plaintiffs,[note:
51] SAA had procured an in-principal renewal of the 2004 Head Lease with SLA
as early as 8 September 2006.[note: 52] SAA then formally entered into a
tenancy agreement with SLA on 22 May 2007 for the Site for a term of 3 years
from 1 September 2007 (“2007 Head Lease”).[note: 53] The monthly rent was
$260,000. This time round, SAA did not grant corresponding sub-tenancies to
the JV Companies. The 2007 Head Lease was not disclosed by the Defendants (CO)
to the KPMG entities or the Plaintiffs.

37 As a result of the above non-disclosure, the Valuation Reports did not take
into account any head lease or sub-tenancies for the period between 1
September 2007 and 31 August 2010. Both Valuation Reports stated at para 5.6
that “[a]s at [10 August 2007], [KPMG] have not received any confirmation from
[TCPL and TCAE] that the said lease would be extended for another term of
three years”.

38 On 17 August 2007, AsiaLegal wrote to KPMG BA expressing shock over para
5.6 of the Valuation Reports as they had come to understand that the head
lease between SAA and SLA had actually been renewed prior to the issuance of
the Valuation Reports. They called for the Valuation Reports to be reissued to
take into account the renewal.[note: 54]

39 It was not until 23 August 2007 that Rajah & Tann disclosed to KPMG BA and
the Plaintiffs about the existence of the 2007 Head Lease and SAA’s non-
renewal of the sub-tenancies with the JV Companies. By way of a letter, Rajah
& Tann stated as follows, at paragraph 2:[note: 55]

2\. We are instructed that the Principal Tenancy Agreement has since been
renewed. The sub-tenancies with TCPL and TCAE, on the other hand, have not
been renewed.

40 Claiming that the non-renewal of the sub-tenancies constituted a breach of
clause 11 of the Consent Order, AsiaLegal wrote to KPMG BA on 25 August 2007
seeking a confirmation from Rajah & Tann by 27 August 2007 that SAA would
renew the sub-tenancies. Rajah & Tann replied to AsiaLegal on 29 August 2007,
rejecting their request. They disagreed that “the Consent Order extends to the
renewal of the Principal Tenancy Agreement”. They also disagreed that the
Consent Order had placed an obligation on SAA to renew the sub-tenancies with
the JV Companies.[note: 56] Rajah & Tann were against the reissuance of the
Valuation Reports and pressed for the bidding exercise to be conducted.

41 KPMG BA also responded to the disclosure made by Rajah & Tann on 23 August
2007. In a letter dated 29 August 2007, it recommended that the Valuation
Reports be revised as the Valuation Reports were done on the basis that the
2004 Head Lease might not be renewed. However, in the light of the reluctance
of the Defendant (CO) for the Valuation Reports to be revised, it wrote to the
parties again on 12 September 2007 to clarify that parties remained bound by
the Valuation Reports until they were able to reach an agreement for a new
report to be issued.

Disputes over the implementation of the Consent Order

Plaintiffs applied to court for the Consent Order to take into account the
2007 Head Lease

42 By September 2007 it became clear that SAA would not be granting
corresponding sub-tenancies to the JV Companies. On 13 September 2007 the
Plaintiffs filed Summons 4117 of 2007/X (“SUM 4117”) to apply for, _inter
alia_ , an order that the Valuation Reports dated 10 August 2007 be revised
and/or reissued by KPMG CF taking into account the 2007 Head Lease.[note: 57]
SUM 4117 was heard by Justice Chan Seng Onn on 19 and 22 November 2007. Chan J
granted leave to the Plaintiffs to amend the application.

43 The amended SUM 4117 (“SUM 4117 (amended)”) was filed on 25 January
2008.[note: 58] The Plaintiffs asked for an order that the Consent Order be
clarified and/or varied. In particular, it asked for clause 9(g) to be amended
to expressly provide that SAA would assign the 2007 Head Lease to the JV
Companies should the Plaintiffs win the bidding exercise. In the event that
SLA was not agreeable to the transfer, SAA was to grant sub-tenancies to the
JV Companies on identical terms as the 2007 Head Lease and it was also to
transfer all sub-tenancies and/or licenses between SAA and the ultimate
tenants to the JV Companies. It asked for a revaluation exercise to be
conducted based on these terms.

44 Choo J heard SUM 4117 (amended). On 23 June 2008, Choo J delivered a
written judgment dismissing the Plaintiffs’ application (_Yeo Boong Hua and
others v Turf City Pte Ltd and others and another suit_ [2008] 4 SLR(R)
245).[note: 59] He was of the view that a preliminary issue was whether the
court had jurisdiction to hear the application and that any allegation of a
breach of the Consent Order ought to have been brought in a separate claim.

45 The Plaintiffs’ failure in overcoming the jurisdiction issue would have
been sufficient grounds to dismiss the appeal. Nevertheless, Choo J also
discussed the allegations of breach of the Consent Order and held that “upon a
proper construction of the Consent Order … [the] allegations are unfounded
because no such obligations existed on the part of the defendants” (at [11]).
This holding relating to the construction of the Consent Order (at [16]–[26])
features strongly in the defence of Tan CB, Roger Koh and SAA in the present
action. These defendants argued that the Plaintiffs are precluded from re-
litigating issues that had previously been argued before and decided by Choo
J.

46 The Plaintiffs did not appeal against Choo J’s decision in SUM 4117
(amended).

Defendants applied to court to fix bidding date

47 Following Choo J’s dismissal of SUM 4117 (amended), the Defendants (CO)
filed Summons 4848 of 2008/P (“SUM 4848”) on 3 November 2008 for an order that
the bidding exercise be held on 15 December 2008.[note: 60] The Plaintiffs
resisted by filing Summons 5373 of 2008/J (“SUM 5373”) on 5 December 2008 for
an order that the bidding exercise cannot be proceeded with.[note: 61]

48 Both applications came before Choo J. On 12 January 2009, Choo J dismissed
the Plaintiffs’ application and ordered the bidding exercise to proceed. In
his grounds of decision delivered on 12 February 2009 (_Yeo Boong Hua and
Others v Turf City Pte Ltd and Others and Another suit_ [2009] SGHC 34), Choo
J explained that he was not persuaded by the reason given by the Plaintiffs to
substantiate why the bidding exercise could not be proceeded with. The
Plaintiffs’ reason was that they had commenced a fresh suit against the
Defendants. Choo J concluded that the Plaintiffs’ new cause of action “should
proceed independently” (at [2]).

49 The Plaintiffs appealed against Choo J’s decision of 12 January 2009 by way
of Civil Appeal No. 6 of 2009/Z (“CA 6/2009”). The appeal was allowed on 7
July 2009. The Court of Appeal rescinded the bidding exercise which was
supposed to be held on 9 February 2009.

Commencement of the present action

Defendants applied to strike out the action

50 As alluded to above, before SUM 4848 and SUM 5373 were heard by Choo J, the
Plaintiffs separately commenced the present action on 8 January 2009 to set
aside the Consent Order on the grounds of repudiatory breach, frustration and
mistake. The inspiration for this move came perhaps from Choo J’s earlier
decision concerning SUM 4117 (amended), where he mentioned that “[a]ny
allegation of breach of the Consent Order ought to be brought in a separate
action” (at [11]) (see also [44] above). In addition, the Plaintiffs claimed
breach of fiduciary duties. The Plaintiffs also claimed conspiracy and knowing
assistance in depriving the Plaintiffs of the benefit of the 2007 Head
Lease.[note: 62]

51 The Defendants applied to strike out the action on the grounds that, _inter
alia_ , it disclosed no reasonable cause of action. On 19 November 2009, AR
Then Ling (“AR Then”) struck out all of the Plaintiffs’ claims except the
claim based on frustration. The Plaintiffs filed an appeal against AR Then’s
decision.

52 The appeal was heard by Choo J and it was dismissed on 7 April 2010. For
the second time, the Plaintiffs appealed against Choo J’s decision. This was
by way of Civil Appeal No. 71 of 2010 (“CA 71/2010”).[note: 63]

53 By the time CA 71/2010 was ready to be heard, the Plaintiffs’ newly
appointed solicitors Central Chambers Law Corporation (“CCLC”) wrote to the
Registrar on 19 November 2010 to seek leave from the Court of Appeal to use a
revised version of the Statement of Claim (Amendment No. 2) (“Revised SOC”).
On 11 February 2011, after hearing the parties, the Court of Appeal granted
the Plaintiffs leave to file and serve the Revised SOC. In other words, the
Plaintiffs’ appeal was effectively allowed.

Summary dismissal of the action

54 The present suit was originally set down for a 15-day trial before Choo J.
However, during a hearing held on 17 October 2012, Choo J gave the following
directions:

Parties to agree facts and submit on first main issue – whether the Consent
Order is to be set aside

\- basis for setting aside

\- from which point ie nature of setting aside

Second main issue – what remedies if any do the plaintiffs have in the event –

(a) the Consent Order is set aside

(b) the Consent Order is not set aside

After submissions I will let parties know whether oral evidence is necessary
for my decision.

Further conduct of trial adjourned to after decision/directions regarding
setting aside of Consent Order.

55 The Plaintiffs filed their written submissions on 23 October 2012 and the
Defendants filed theirs on 30 October 2012. On 2 November 2012, Choo J
dismissed the Plaintiffs’ claim (refer to his grounds of decision delivered on
12 November 2012 (_Yeo Boong Hua and others v Turf Club Auto Emporium Pte Ltd
and others_ [2012] SGHC 227) for more details).

56 For the third time, the Plaintiffs filed an appeal against Choo J’s
decision by way of Civil Appeal No. 156 of 2012 (“CA 156/2012”). The Court of
Appeal allowed the appeal on 3 July 2013, directing the matter back to the
High Court for trial before a different judge. The Court of Appeal also said
that “[p]arties are not precluded, in the course of the trial, from raising
_res judicata_ as one of the issues for the final determination of the new
judge.” No written grounds were issued by the Court of Appeal. It was on this
note that the parties came before me to have the present action tried.

The parties’ claims

57 The Plaintiffs’ main claim in the present action is that the Consent Order
should be set aside. The following grounds were pleaded:[note: 64]

(a) the Defendants (CO) had committed a repudiatory breach of the Consent
Order;

(b) the Plaintiffs’ claims in the Consolidated Suits have not been
compromised;

(c) the Consent Order had been frustrated; and/or

(d) the Plaintiffs entered into the Consent Order operating under a mistake of
fact.

58 From the Plaintiffs’ closing submissions, it appears that they are no
longer pursuing ground (d) – that the Plaintiffs were operating under a
mistake of fact. Their submissions also did not specifically cover ground (c),
the issue of frustration.

59 Should the Consent Order be set aside, the Plaintiffs also asked for the
court to order that that they be at liberty to proceed with the Consolidated
Suits, with such directions as may be appropriate (“the Consequential
Orders”).[note: 65]

60 In the event that the Consent Order is not set aside, the Plaintiffs
alternatively argued that the five individuals in the SAA Group (namely, Tan
CB, Roger Koh, Samuel Ng, Tan Senior and Ong CK) and SAA are liable to account
to the Plaintiffs for the profits made in breach of their fiduciary duties
owed.

61 The substantive defendants (_ie_ , excluding the JV Companies and Samuel
Ng) are represented by three different sets of lawyers. SAA, Tan CB and Roger
Koh are represented by Rajah & Tann and the lead counsel is Mr Kelvin Poon
(“Mr Poon”). I will refer to this group of defendants collectively as “the R&T
Defendants”. Tan Senior is represented by Mr Sim Chong (“Mr Chong”) of JLC
Advisors LLP. Ong CK is represented by Mr Khor Wee Siong (“Mr Khor”) of Khor
Thiam Beng & Partners. From the discussions that follow, it will be apparent
that the arguments put forth by these three groups of defendants are quite
different, although the existence of the Back-to-Back Arrangement and the
alleged oral agreements were unanimously denied by all of them. Significantly,
the R&T Defendants have also advanced a counterclaim against the Plaintiffs,
asking for an order that the bidding exercise be proceeded with.

62 As a preliminary matter, it should be noted that the dispute over the
setting aside of the Consent Order is mainly between the Plaintiffs and the
R&T Defendants. The main defence of Tan Senior and Ong CK to the grounds
advanced by the Plaintiffs to set aside the Consent Order is straightforward –
that they were not proper parties to the Consent Order to begin with. For Tan
Senior, even though he was originally named as a party in the action leading
to the Consent Order, he contended that he did not participate in the
negotiations leading to the Consent Order.[note: 66] His participation was not
required as after he became a bankrupt in 2003, the Plaintiffs did not seek
leave to continue proceedings against him in the Consolidated Suits. Ong CK
argued that he was never a party to the Consolidated Suits or to the Consent
Order.

63 I proceed now to detail the arguments raised by the parties with respect to
the various claims and counterclaim.

Repudiatory breach of the Consent Order

The Plaintiffs’ case

64 According to the Plaintiffs, several repudiatory breaches had been
committed.

65 First, it was contended that SAA’s refusal to grant a renewal of the sub-
tenancies in 2007 despite having secured the 2007 Head Lease from SLA amounted
to a breach of clause 11 of the Consent Order. Clause 11 prohibited parties
from doing anything to alter the “status quo” of the JV Companies. Even though
SAA’s purported obligation to renew the sub-tenancies was not expressly
provided for in clause 11, the Plaintiffs argued that this obligation
nevertheless came within the phrase “status quo” on the basis of, amongst
other things, the purported oral agreement between the parties. This Back-to-
Back Arrangement continued to be the status quo at the time the Consent Order
was entered into and SAA was required to preserve the status quo by continuing
to grant sub-tenancies to the JV Companies. When it failed to do so, SAA had
disrupted the “status quo”.

66 The Plaintiffs also made the related argument that SAA had further
disrupted the “status quo” by misappropriating the JV Companies’ “assets
and/or benefits”. It had done so by transferring to itself some of the sub-
sub-tenancy agreements that the JV Companies had with the ultimate tenants.
The ultimate tenants’ cash deposits held by the JV Companies were also
transferred to SAA. In addition, it took over the JV Companies’ renovation
structures. SAA received these benefits without paying the JV Companies
anything for them. Not only did these developments affect the “assets and/or
benefits” of the JV Companies, they denuded the JV Companies’ of any value.
This amounted to a breach of clause 11 of the Consent Order. This argument is
also contingent upon a finding that a Back-to-Back Arrangement falls within
the ambit of clause 11.

67 Alternatively, the Plaintiffs averred that by securing the 2007 Head Lease
from SLA and failing to grant the renewal of the sub-tenancies to the JV
Companies, the Defendants had appropriated the benefit of the 2007 Head Lease.
This was in breach of an implied term of the Consent Order.[note: 67] It was
illogical for SAA to insist that it would need to transfer the 2004 Head Lease
only, but not the 2007 Head Lease, if the Plaintiffs won the bidding exercise
since TCPL and TCAE already held the 2004 STAs. There was therefore nothing of
value to transfer in relation to the 2004 Head Lease. If the winner of the
bidding exercise was not meant to have the benefit of the 2007 Head Lease,
there would have been no need for clause 9(g) of the Consent Order.[note: 68]

68 The Plaintiffs also claimed that clause 5 of the Consent Order was breached
when the Defendants allegedly hid material facts from the KPMG entities.
Clause 5 stated that the parties “undertake not to … do anything to … hinder
[KPMG CF]’s discharge of [its] duties in respect of the Valuation Exercise”.
Clause 5 imposed an obligation on the parties not to hide material facts from
the KPMG entities as doing so would hinder KPMG CF’s conduct of the Valuation
Exercise.[note: 69] The failure and/or refusal to disclose the 2007 Head Lease
had materially affected the valuation of the JV Companies since the Valuation
Reports were prepared on the basis that there was no confirmation on the
renewal of the 2004 Head Lease.

69 Lastly, the Plaintiffs argued that clause 6 of the Consent Order was
breached when the Defendants (CO) did not provide KPMG BA “full access” to all
the documents that it may require for the Valuation Exercise.[note: 70] KPMG
BA was supposed to investigate contracts between the JV Companies and Goodland
as well as services performed by AGA. The Defendants (CO) failed to give KPMG
BA “full access” to the contracts and architectural drawings required to
conduct a proper investigation and valuation exercise. For instance, a number
of QSes approached by KPMG BA were unable to verify the works done as the
available information was insufficient. As a result, the investigation
exercise in relation to the Plaintiffs’ allegations in the Consolidated Suits
was not properly carried out. In addition, they also claimed that the
Defendants (CO) obstructed the KPMG entities’ efforts in appointing a QS by
unreasonably refusing to pay their share of the additional fees quoted by a
replacement QS.

The R&T Defendants’ case

70 With respect to the allegation that SAA had breached the Consent Order in
failing to renew the JV Companies’ sub-tenancies in 2007, the R&T Defendants
argued that the Consent Order did not impose such an obligation on SAA. The
existence of the “Back-to-Back Arrangement” was strenuously disputed. They
argued that there was no oral agreement save that parties agreed to
incorporate two joint venture companies instead of one.[note: 71] There was an
agreement to jointly develop and operate the Site, but such an agreement did
not extend to sharing the beneficial ownership of the head lease between SLA
and SAA.[note: 72] The R&T Defendants argued that SAA had the discretion to
decide whether to renew the JV Companies’ sub-tenancies after the initial
three-year term.[note: 73] SAA also retained proprietary ownership of its head
lease with SLA at all times.[note: 74]

71 As for the argument that SAA had further disrupted the “status quo” by
misappropriating the JV Companies’ “assets and/or benefits” without providing
valuable consideration for them, the R&T Defendants argued that this
allegation was not even pleaded. In any case, they argued that the JV
Companies would no longer have any more ultimate tenants once the 2004 STAs
had expired. The JV Companies could not complain of conversion when the assets
SAA took did not belong to them in the first place.

72 With respect to the point that an implied term of the Consent Order had
been breached, the R&T Defendants argued that it was always contemplated that
the entire bidding process under the Consent Order would be completed well
before the 2004 Head Lease expired. At the time the Consent Order was entered
into, there were no guarantees that the Government would grant the 2007 Head
Lease and therefore clause 9(g) of the Consent Order was never meant to enable
the winner of the bidding exercise to have the benefit of a renewed term of
the Head Lease.[note: 75] The R&T Defendants also averred that there was no
gap that needed to be filled through the implication of a term. Clauses 9(g)
and 11 were clear in that they were meant to only refer to the 2004 Head
Lease. This was therefore not a case of implication of terms but one of
interpretation. The R&T Defendants further submitted that even if there was a
gap, no term should be implied as the Consent Order retains its efficacy and
the officious bystander test would fail.

73 With respect to the Plaintiffs’ point that clause 5 of the Consent Order
had been breached, the R&T Defendants argued that there was nothing in the
Consent Order that required SAA to disclose the 2007 Head Lease to
anyone.[note: 76] In addition, reliance was placed on Choo J’s judgment in SUM
4117 (amended) in that this issue had already been decided in favour of the
Defendants (at [24]) and therefore, the Plaintiffs were precluded from
rearguing this point.[note: 77]

74 Regarding the Plaintiffs’ claim that there was no full disclosure of
information required by KPMG BA to carry out a proper investigation, the R&T
Defendants argued that this was not pleaded. In addition, little weight should
be given to the fact that several QSes were unable to do the task due to
incomplete information since there was one QS, DLS Contract Advisory & Dispute
Management Services Pte Ltd (“DLS”), which was able do it based on the same
information. As for the failure to pay their share of the QS fees, the R&T
Defendants denied the existence of any obligation on their part to agree to
the costs of appointing a QS.[note: 78]

Claims in the Consolidated Suit have not been compromised

The Plaintiffs’ case

75 The Plaintiffs contended that KPMG BA and KPMG CF did not meet the standard
required under the Consent Order in conducting the investigation and valuation
exercise.[note: 79] Based on the disclaimers and cursory write-up in the
Valuation Reports, it was evident that KPMG CF simply relied on figures
provided by the Defendants instead of conducting an independent investigation
into the JV Companies’ finances and accounts. Their pleaded case was that a
proper investigation of the Plaintiffs’ claims in the Consolidated Suits was
the main consideration the Plaintiffs were supposed to derive from having
entered into the Consent Order. As KPMG BA did not carry out a full
investigation, their claims were not fully compromised.

76 Another allegation was that KPMG BA should have appointed a QS to assist it
in determining whether the contracts awarded to Goodland and AGA were of fair
value. KPMG BA could not have been able to do this by itself without a QS.

77 The Plaintiffs also claimed that it was inappropriate for KPMG CF to have
adopted the Net Asset Valuation (“NAV”) methodology to value the JV Companies’
shares.[note: 80] The valuation figures provided were inaccurate. KPMG CF
should have used the “pro-forma revenue” method instead that can be found in a
report submitted by the Plaintiffs’ expert witness, Timothy James Reid.[note:
81]

78 Related to the above argument on methodology is the point that KPMG CF
should have taken into account the revenue receivable by the JV Companies from
the period of September 2007 to September 2010.[note: 82] But because of SAA’s
failure to disclose the 2007 Head Lease, it was unable to do so. This
materially affected the valuation of the JV Companies since their potential to
earn revenue was directly related to whether there was a head lease.

79 Further, although it was initially pleaded as a claim of
“frustration”,[note: 83] the Plaintiffs in their closing submissions appeared
to have re-characterised the 13.5-month delay in the issuance of the Valuation
Reports as evidencing that the claims in the Consolidated Suit had not been
compromised.

The R&T Defendants’ case

80 The R&T Defendants argued that the Plaintiffs did not plead with sufficient
clarity the claim of there being no independent investigation conducted by the
KPMG entities.[note: 84] Even if it were pleaded, they argued that the
Plaintiffs had failed to discharge their burden of proving that the
investigation conducted by the KPMG entities was inadequate.[note: 85] In any
event, they argued that KPMG CF enjoyed “unfettered and absolute discretion”
in conducting the investigation and valuation exercise (clause 5).[note: 86]

81 As for the alleged deficiencies in the valuation exercise, the R&T
Defendants argued that they were not properly pleaded.[note: 87] In any event,
the R&T Defendants averred that since KPMG CF would have unfettered and
absolute discretion in the valuation exercise, there was no basis for the
Plaintiffs to argue that the valuation exercise was deficient.

Consequential Orders

82 If the Plaintiffs succeed in setting aside the Consent Order, they argued
that they should be allowed to bring the minority oppression claim against Tan
CB and Ong CK in their personal capacity. In this regard, they argued that
both Tan CB and Ong CK were parties to the Joint Venture in their personal
capacity and not through SAA.

83 Tan CB and Ong CK both disputed this claim. They argued that SAA was the
vehicle they had used to enter into the Joint Venture and therefore SAA should
be named as defendants, not them.

84 Ong CK additionally raised the defence of laches and estoppel by conduct.
He claimed that he had never been a party to the Consolidated Suits since
2002. He was only joined as a defendant to the present suit in 2009. The delay
of seven years has prejudiced him.

85 As for Tan Senior, he argued that the doctrines of abuse of process,
estoppel by conduct and waiver precluded the Plaintiffs from suing him again
in 2009 in the present action. After he became bankrupt in 2003, the
Plaintiffs did not seek leave to continue the Consolidated Suits against
him.[note: 88] In fact, the Plaintiffs stopped or abandoned all litigation
against him since his bankruptcy until they commenced the present action in
2009.

Counterclaim by the R&T Defendants: whether the bidding exercise should be
proceeded with

86 The R&T Defendants filed a counterclaim against the Plaintiffs for an order
that the bidding exercise be proceeded with. The Plaintiffs’ main defence to
the counterclaim are the same as those canvassed in their claim. Further and
in the alternative, the Plaintiffs argued that the Valuation Reports dated way
back in 31 May 2006 (or even 10 August 2007) could no longer serve its purpose
of informing the bidding exercise. In addition, the JV Companies were
practically worthless today and therefore it would be pointless to bid for
them.

Plaintiffs’ residual claim: breach of fiduciary duties and conspiracy

87 In the event the Plaintiffs do not succeed in setting aside the Consent
Order,[note: 89] they argued that in the alternative, the five individuals
from the SAA Group (namely, Tan CB, Roger Koh, Samuel Ng, Tan Senior and Ong
CK) and SAA are liable to account to the Plaintiffs for the profits made
including but not limited to the 2007 Head Lease.[note: 90] They are relying
on the same Back-to-Back Arrangement to say that these Defendants owed them
fiduciary duties under the Joint Venture. In not renewing the sub-tenancies to
the Joint Venture Companies in 2007, they had breached their fiduciary duties.
Further and in the alternative, they had conspired with each other to breach
the fiduciary duties.

88 However, when SAA did not renew the JV Companies’ sub-tenancies in 2007,
both Tan Senior and Ong CK were no longer directors of SAA and the JV
Companies. Tan Senior[note: 91] and Ong CK[note: 92] claimed that they were no
longer involved in the management of SAA and the JV Companies upon the
cessation of their respective directorships. Nevertheless, the Plaintiffs’
basis for proceeding against these two individuals was that they had
masterminded the scheme to deprive the Plaintiffs of the benefits under the
2007 Head Lease (“Mastermind Allegation”).

89 In their defence, Tan CB, Roger Koh, Samuel Ng, Tan Senior, Ong CK and SAA
all argued that there had been no oral agreement that the parties would share
the beneficial interest of the head lease between SLA and SAA. Therefore,
there were no fiduciary duties owed by them to the Plaintiffs.

90 Tan Senior claimed that the Mastermind Allegation was fabricated by the
Plaintiffs in order to drag him back into litigation. Until the present suit
commenced in 2009, the Plaintiffs had abandoned all proceedings against him
after he became a bankrupt in 2003. They did not seek leave to continue OS
1634/02 against him. They also did not sue him in S 703/04.

91 Ong CK raised the defence of laches against these claims.

92 I would also add that with respect to these residual claims, the Plaintiffs
have indicated that they would subsume these claims under the Consolidated
Suits, should the Consent Order be set aside and the Consolidated Suits be
reinstated.[note: 93]

Issues

93 The broad overarching issue that arose in the present dispute was whether
the Consent Order should be set aside. This raised the following questions in
respect of the Consent Order:

(a) Whether the Consent Order imposed an obligation on SAA to pass on the
benefit of the 2007 Head Lease to the JV Companies by way of the granting of
sub-tenancies (“the Non-Renewal Issue”).

(b) Whether the Consent Order imposed an obligation on SAA to disclose the
procurement of the 2007 Head Lease to the KPMG entities (“the Non-Disclosure
Issue”).

(c) Whether the investigation and valuation exercises required of the KPMG
entities were properly carried out (“the Investigation and Valuation Issue”).

(d) Whether the Defendants obstructed efforts to appoint a QS and whether the
failure to appoint a QS enables the Plaintiffs to set aside the Consent Order
(“the QS Issue”).

94 Should the Consent Order be set aside, the Consequential Orders requested
for by the Plaintiffs raise two questions:

(a) Whether Tan CB and Ong CK were proper parties to the Joint Venture.

(b) Whether Tan Senior and Ong CK could rely on the Plaintiffs’ delay in
bringing them back into litigation to avoid being named as defendants in the
reinstated Consolidated Suits.

My decision

Preliminary considerations

95 Before I proceed to assess the merits of the various claims, I address two
logically anterior questions which deserve some discussion. First, I consider
the principles which should be applied in interpreting the Consent Order and
secondly, I consider whether Choo J’s previous decision in _Yeo Boong Hua and
others v Turf City Pte Ltd and others and another suit_ [2008] 4 SLR(R) 245
(“Choo J’s Decision”) gives rise to issue estoppel.

Principles applied in interpreting Consent Order

96 There are two types of consent orders. In determining whether a consent
order may be set aside or varied, the court would, as a preliminary matter,
examine the type of consent order in question. This was discussed by MPH Rubin
J in _CSR South East Asia Pte Ltd (formerly known as CSR Bradford Insulation
(S) Pte Ltd) v Sunrise Insulation Pte Ltd_ [2002] 1 SLR(R) 1079 (“ _Sunrise
Insulation_ ”) at [8]:

8 The nature and concept of the phrase “by consent” had received considerable
judicial attention over the years. Lord Denning MR, in _Siebe Gorman & Co Ltd
v Pneupac Ltd_ [1982] 1 All ER 377 (CA), after a brief survey of the earlier
decisions, observed at 380 _a_ –380 _g_ :

It should be clearly understood by the profession that, when an order is
expressed to be made ‘by consent’, it is ambiguous. There are two meanings to
the words ‘by consent’. That was observed by Lord Greene MR in _Chandless-
Chandless v Nicholson_ [1942] 2 All ER 315 at 317; [1942] 2 KB 321 at 324\.
_One meaning is this: the words ‘by consent’ may evidence a real contract
between the parties. In such a case the court will only interfere with such an
order on the same grounds as it would with any other contract._ The other
meaning is this: the words ‘by consent’ may mean ‘the parties hereto not
objecting’. In such a case there is no real contract between the parties. The
order can be altered or varied by the court in the same circumstances as any
other order that is made by the court without the consent of the parties. In
every case it is necessary to discover which meaning is used. Does the order
evidence a real contract between the parties? Or does it only evidence an
order made without obligation?

…

[emphasis added]

97 It is common ground that the Consent Order in the present case falls under
the first category referred to in _Sunrise Insulation_. It is a contract
between the parties and it is undisputed that the Consent Order may only be
set aside on the same grounds as would apply to an ordinary contract. I
therefore approach the question of whether the Consent Order may be set aside
with reference to prevailing contractual principles.

Issue estoppel

98 With respect to the question of issue estoppel, I note that the Non-Renewal
Issue and the Non-Disclosure Issue had previously been discussed in Choo J’s
Decision.[note: 94] This raises the question of whether I am thereby precluded
from revisiting the same issues in this judgment. It is the R&T Defendants’
case that I am not allowed to do so because the views expressed in Choo J’s
Decision allow the invocation of the doctrine of issue estoppel.

99 To examine whether the R&T Defendants are entitled to raise the doctrine of
issue estoppel, it is necessary to discuss whether the requirements of issue
estoppel have been met. The requirements of issue estoppel are as follows (see
_Lee Tat Development Pte Ltd v Management Corporation of Strata Title Plan
301_ [2005] 3 SLR(R) 157 (“ _Lee Tat_ ”)):

(a) There must be a final and conclusive judgment on the merits.

(b) The previous judgment must be of a court of competent jurisdiction.

(c) There must be identity between the parties to the two actions that are
being compared.

(d) There must be an identity of subject matter in the two proceedings.

100 The fourth requirement was subsequently expounded on by Menon JC (as he
then was) in the oft-cited local case of _Goh Nellie v Goh Lian Teck and
others_ [2007] 1 SLR(R) 453 (“ _Goh v Goh_ ”) to encapsulate three further
sub-requirements:

(a) The issues in the prior decision must traverse the same ground as the
subsequent proceedings and the facts and circumstances giving rise to the
earlier decision must not have changed.

(b) The previous determination in question must have been fundamental and not
merely collateral to the previous decision so that the previous decision could
not stand without that determination.

(c) The issue in question should be shown in fact to have been raised and
argued.

101 There is no disagreement between the parties that requirements (b) and (c)
in _Lee Tat_ have been satisfied in respect of Choo J’s decision. The bone of
contention centres on requirements (a) and (d) in _Lee Tat_ , _viz_ , whether
Choo J’s holding with respect to the allegations of breach of the Consent
Order was “final and conclusive” and whether there was an identity of subject
matter in the two proceedings. The Plaintiffs’ arguments, in this regard, are
that Choo J did not intend to preclude subsequent proceedings and that his
decision does not give rise to issue estoppel because his observations made
with respect to the proper construction of the Consent Order were collateral
findings which were not fundamental to his decision.

102 Before examining the validity of the arguments raised by the parties, it
is worth understanding the background of the matter before Choo J. As I have
alluded to earlier, SUM 4117 (amended) concerned the Plaintiffs’ application
to vary the Consent Order. The application was filed pursuant to the
Plaintiffs’ belated discovery that SAA had failed to pass on the benefit of
the 2007 Head Lease to the JV Companies and as a result the benefit was not
properly taken into account in the valuation reports issued by KPMG CF.
Consequently, the Plaintiffs applied to court for an order that a fresh
valuation exercise be conducted on the basis that the 2007 Head Lease should
be taken into account as an asset of the JV Companies which would then fall
within the pool of assets that the parties would be bidding for.

103 The Plaintiffs’ application was dismissed by Choo J. He held that the
court’s jurisdiction to hear the application was not invoked insofar as it was
asked to make further substantive orders to vary the Consent Order. He was of
the view that the circumstances under which a court may interfere with a
Consent Order were exceptional, and the arguments raised by the Plaintiffs in
relation to the non-renewal of the sub-tenancies and the failure to disclose
the procurement of the 2007 Head Lease did not fall squarely within the
“exceptional circumstances” that would ordinarily warrant the making of
further substantive orders.

104 It must be borne in mind that the order sought by the Plaintiffs was for
the Consent Order to be varied and for the purposes of making this
determination, allegations that the Consent Order had been breached were
irrelevant. The failure on the part of the Plaintiffs to satisfy the stringent
criteria required to invoke the court’s jurisdiction for the purposes of
_varying_ a Consent Order would have been sufficient for Choo J to dispose of
the matter.

105 Nevertheless, as the R&T Defendants have argued,[note: 95] Choo J went on
to examine the merits of several allegations of _breach_ made by the
Plaintiffs on the _assumption_ that the proper cause of action, _ie_ , breach
of Consent Order, had been pleaded, and he held that there was no breach.

106 I am of the view that while there is some merit in the R&T Defendants’
reliance on Choo J’s holdings as a basis for arguing issue estoppel, there is
no issue estoppel.

107 With respect to requirement (a) of the _Lee Tat_ test, I am of the view
that this requirement has not been made out – Choo J’s holding on the proper
construction of the Consent Order was not meant to be final and conclusive. It
was observed in _Goh v Goh_ at [28], “whether the decision in question is a
final and conclusive judgment on the merits may be ascertained from the
intention of the judge”. In _Alliance Entertainment Singapore Pte Ltd v Sim
Kay Teck_ [2006] 3 SLR(R) 712, Andrew Ang J noted (at [23]) that:

That, in this respect, the intention of the judge is critical can also be seen
in _Setiadi Hendrawan v OCBC Securities Pte Ltd_ [2001] 3 SLR(R) 296. In that
case, Woo Bih Li JC (as he then was) had to decide whether the plaintiff was
estopped from bringing a second action against the defendants by reason of an
earlier action between the same parties having been struck out after counsel
for the plaintiff unsuccessfully sought leave to discontinue. The plaintiff
argued that as his claim in the first action had not been dismissed he was not
precluded from re-litigating it. Woo JC went through the trial judge's notes
of the proceedings in chambers on the plaintiff's application for leave to
discontinue and concluded that, in refusing the plaintiff's application and
ordering a striking out of the action, the trial judge had intended to
preclude any fresh action.

108 I turn now to consider if Choo J intended for his judgment to be final and
conclusive on the merits when he rendered his decision. At [11] of Choo J’s
Decision, he stated that:

… The plaintiffs argued that the amendments are necessary to remedy the
following breaches of the Consent Order by the defendants:

…

Any allegation of breach of the Consent Order ought to be brought in a
separate action. Nonetheless, it will become apparent upon a proper
construction of the Consent Order that both allegations are unfounded because
no such obligations existed on the part of the defendants.

It was not clear from [11] of Choo J’s Decision whether the views he expressed
in relation to the Plaintiffs’ allegations of breaches of the Consent Order
were _obiter_. It may be that they were _obiter_ in that he wanted to show the
Plaintiffs that there would be no purpose in commencing a fresh action based
on the allegation of breaches which were bound to fail. Conversely, he could
have intended his views to be final and conclusive in that he was prepared to
make a binding decision even though the Plaintiffs’ allegations of breach
ought to have been brought in a separate action.

109 Interestingly, the R&T Defendants appear to have accepted that his views
were _obiter_. In [368] of their closing submissions, they said:

… Choo J accepted the Plaintiffs’ submission that he had jurisdiction to vary
the Consent Order. _Choo J however declined to do so_ because any allegation
of breach of Consent Order had to be brought in a separate action.
Nonetheless, he considered and rejected the Plaintiffs’ argument that the
Consent Order had been breached. [emphasis added]

The R&T Defendants therefore appear to affirm the position that Choo J had
declined to vary the Consent Order because he was of the view that allegations
of breach should have been ventilated in a separate action. This would mean
that his observations with respect to the construction of the Consent Order
were _obiter_.

110 There is another point in favour of the contention that Choo J did not
intend his views to be final and binding. It will be recalled that subsequent
to his decision in SUM 4117 (amended), the R&T Defendants had applied in SUM
4848 for the bidding to be held on 15 December 2008\. This was met by the
Plaintiffs’ application in SUM 5373 for an order that the bidding cannot be
held by reason of non-compliance with the Consent Order. Choo J granted the
application for the bidding to proceed and dismissed the opposing application.
In Choo J’s grounds of decision for both these summonses (see _Yeo Boong Hua
and Others v Turf City Pte Ltd and Others and Another suit_ [2009] SGHC 34),
he said:

2 The plaintiff thus applied to set aside the consent order or a re-valuation
of the shares. This was disallowed by the High Court and the decision was
upheld by the Court of Appeal. The defendant then applied for the
consequential order that the bidding process be ordered to proceed. The
plaintiff applied for a stay of that application on the ground that they had
commenced a fresh suit against the defendant. I dismissed the plaintiff’s
application for stay and granted the defendant’s application to proceed with
the bidding process for the shares. The defendant’s present application was a
formal end to a long dispute. _The plaintiff’s alleged new cause of action
should proceed independently_. I therefore granted an order in terms to
proceed with the bidding process. [emphasis added]

111 Before I continue, I should mention a number of clarifications. In respect
of [2] of Choo J’s grounds of decision, I assume that his reference to the
Plaintiffs’ application to set aside the Consent Order was to SUM 4117
(amended). However, as elaborated above (see [102]), the Plaintiffs'
application was not actually to set aside the Consent Order, but was instead
for a variation of the terms of the Consent Order.

112 Secondly, the Plaintiffs did not appeal against Choo J’s decision to
dismiss SUM 4117 (amended).

113 Thirdly, as regards Choo J’s reference to the Plaintiffs’ application for
a stay, this would presumably be a reference to SUM 5373 which was not couched
in terms of a stay but rather for an order that the bidding exercise cannot be
held. Choo J may have construed that application as a stay because he was
informed during arguments on 12 January 2009 that the Plaintiffs had issued a
fresh writ of summons in Suit 27 of 2009 (_ie_ , the present action).

114 I now come to why I am of the view that Choo J did not intend for his
decision in SUM 4117 (amended) to be final and binding. As quoted above, Choo
J said that the alleged new cause action (_ie_ , the present action) _should
proceed independently_ even though the R&T Defendants argued that it covered
the same substance as SUM 4848. There was no qualification by Choo J that the
Plaintiffs’ continuation of that action was subject to the decision he had
already rendered in SUM 4117 (amended).

115 Choo J’s unqualified statement that the Plaintiffs’ new cause of action
should proceed independently reinforced the Plaintiffs’ contention that there
was no _res judicata_ , in particular, that he did not intend the views he
expressed in SUM 4117 (amended) on the Plaintiffs’ allegations of breaches to
be final and conclusive.

116 The burden of proof ultimately rests on the R&T Defendants to establish
issue estoppel and I am of the view that they had not discharged this burden.

117 Having decided that requirement (a) of the _Lee Tat_ test has not been
fulfilled, it is not necessary for me to consider whether requirement (d) has
been made out. However, for completeness, I would state that in the light of
my above conclusion that Choo J’s Decision _vis-à-vis_ the Plaintiffs’
allegations of breach was not final and conclusive, requirement (d) is
similarly not fulfilled.

118 In _Goh v Goh_ , it was observed that for there to be an identity of
subject-matter, one key consideration is whether the previous determination in
question was fundamental to the previous determination:

35 The second idea which is contained within the requirement of an identity of
subject-matter is that **_the previous determination in question must have
been fundamental and not merely collateral to the previous decision so that
the decision could not stand without that determination_** : see _The Doctrine
of Res Judicata_ at para 201. The author of _The Doctrine of Res Judicata_
traces the authorities for this principle back to the decision of Holt CJ in
_Blackham’s Case_ (1709) 1 Salk 290; 91 ER 257, but a more recent statement
may be found in _Blair v Curran_ (1939) 62 CLR 464, in which Starke J held at
510:

[A] judgment concludes not merely the point decided but matters which were
necessary to decide and which were actually decided as the groundwork of the
decision itself though not then directly the point at issue and that a
judgment is conclusive evidence not merely of the facts directly decided but
of those facts which are necessary steps to the decision – so cardinal to it
that without them it cannot stand … [emphasis added]

…

37 The distinction between those issues that are “no more than steps in a
process of reasoning” and those which are “so cardinal” that the decision
“cannot stand without them” is not an easy one. The author of The _Doctrine of
Res Judicata_ , at para 202, proposes that one test is whether the issue in
question may be appealed. If there can be no effective appeal against that
determination, then the issue is not fundamental to the judgment. However, as
even they concede, this test may not always be useful because many
determinations which may be necessary to the decision for purposes of res
judicata may not be susceptible to challenge by appeal. **_In my judgment, the
assessment of which side of the line an issue falls should be approached from
a commonsensical perspective, balancing between the important public interest
in securing finality and in ensuring that the same issues are not repeatedly
litigated on one hand, and on the other, the private interest in not
foreclosing a litigant from arguing an issue which, in substance, was not the
central issue decided by a previous court_**. …

[emphasis added in bold italics]

119 As I have concluded above, Choo J’s decision to reject the Plaintiffs’
application in SUM 4117 (amended) ultimately rested on his lack of
jurisdiction. His observations with respect to the Plaintiffs’ allegations of
breach of the Consent Order were not fundamental to his decision.

120 I therefore reject the R&T Defendants’ defence of issue estoppel and will
proceed to construe the Consent Order afresh. This is not to say, however,
that Choo J’s observations with respect to whether there was a breach of the
Consent Order are irrelevant. In the course of reaching my own conclusion, as
and when applicable, I will refer to Choo J’s observations.

The Non-Renewal Issue: whether a repudiatory breach arose from SAA’s failure
to grant the JV Companies sub-tenancies arising out of the 2007 Head Lease

121 The issue of whether the Defendants were obliged to grant sub-tenancies
which arose out of the 2007 Head Lease to the JV Companies (“the Renewal
Obligation”) turns on two separate questions.

122 The first question is the proper construction of clause 11 of the Consent
Order, which is the provision which the Plaintiffs relied on, and whether its
wording captures the Renewal Obligation.

123 According to the Plaintiffs, clause 11 captures the Renewal Obligation.
Clause 11 states as follows:

The Plaintiffs and the Defendants undertake not to do anything or cause
anything to be done which would in any way **affect, vary and/or alter the
status quo of the Companies** , both in terms of on-going
liabilities/obligations to which the Companies are subject to, and **assets
and/or benefits which the Companies**** _presently_****enjoy** , including but
not limited to doing anything to affect the **head lease** between the 2nd
Defendants and the Singapore Land Office and sub leases
**_presently_****entered into** between the 2nd Defendants and the Companies.
In particular, the Plaintiffs and Defendants undertake that in respect of the
respective **sub leases**** _presently_****entered into** between the
Companies and the 2nd Defendants, the Plaintiffs and Defendants and/or their
agents and/or employees and/or servants shall not do anything that would alter
or affect the said sub leases including doing anything to effect, procure or
cause the termination of the said agreements.

[emphasis added in bold and bold italics]

124 The Plaintiffs averred that the Back-to-Back Arrangement formed part of
the “status quo” of the JV Companies which the Defendants were prohibited from
altering or disrupting.

125 The R&T Defendants, on the other hand, argued that there was no Back-to-
Back Arrangement and therefore the Renewal Obligation was not captured by the
terms of the Consent Order.

126 The second question is if clause 11 does not capture the Renewal
Obligation, whether such an obligation arises from an implied term of the
Consent Order.

Proper construction of clause 11 of the Consent Order

127 Both parties’ arguments on clause 11 of the Consent Order centre on the
existence of the Back-to-Back Arrangement. A significant time at trial was
spent on proving this fact. However, as alluded to earlier (at [16]), the
construction of clause 11 does not turn on this fact. I am of the view that
whether or not a Back-to-Back Arrangement did exist prior to the entering of
the Consent Order is not determinative in concluding what the parties intended
when they used the phrase “status quo” in clause 11 of the Consent Order. This
conclusion is supported by the context in which the Consent Order was entered
into.

128 When parties entered into the Consent Order, it was with a view to
settling the disputes which arose in the Consolidated Suits. One of the issues
raised in the dispute was that the 2004 sub-tenancies granted to the JV
Companies were on terms which were inconsistent with the 2004 Head Lease
between SAA and SLA in that the 2004 sub-tenancies did not have an option to
renew clause.[note: 96] As highlighted by the R&T Defendants, the very
existence of the Back-to-Back Arrangement was already hotly contested in the
Consolidated Suits that engendered the Consent Order.[note: 97] I note that in
Choo J’s Decision at [18], Choo J placed great emphasis on the fact that the
exact words used in clause 11 was that parties would not affect the status quo
in terms of “benefits which the Companies _presently_ enjoy” (emphasis added).
The word “presently” formed the basis on which he concluded, albeit _obiter_ ,
that clause 11 did not impose an obligation on the Defendants to pro-actively
renew the sublease upon its expiry. In other words, Choo J was of the view
that clause 11 applied only to the 2004 sub-tenancies and not to future sub-
tenancies. Even if the Back-to-Back Arrangement existed, this would only kick
in again in 2007 and was not a right which the JV Companies enjoyed at the
time which the Consent Order was entered into.

129 The Plaintiffs’ reliance on clause 11 was premised on the existence of the
Back-to-Back Arrangement before the Consent Order was entered into and that
this arrangement was encapsulated within the words “status quo” and “presently
enjoy”. As mentioned, the existence of such an arrangement was hotly contested
before the Consent Order was entered into. When the Consent Order was entered
into, it was open to the parties to agree either to include or to exclude the
Back-to-Back Arrangement as part of the resolution of their dispute.
Therefore, even if there was a Back-to-Back arrangement before the Consent
Order, the parties could have agreed to exclude it from the Consent Order.
Conversely, even if there was no such arrangement before the Consent Order,
the parties could have agreed to include it as part of the Consent Order.
Accordingly, a finding that there was such an arrangement before the Consent
Order was entered into would not necessarily mean that clause 11 encapsulates
the Back-to-Back Arrangement.

130 Since it will not assist in the interpretation of clause 11, I make no
conclusion as to the existence of a Back-to-Back Arrangement before the
Consent Order was entered into.

131 However, it is regrettable that although the Back-to-Back Arrangement was
such a contested subject before the Consent Order was entered into, the
lawyers who drafted the Consent Order did not address this arrangement
specifically one way or the other in the Consent Order itself. Consequently,
parties were left to argue whether the Consent Order did or did not contain
the Back-to-Back Arrangement.

132 In the meantime, notwithstanding my above views, since both the Plaintiffs
and the Defendants (CO) expended much effort to establish or deny the
existence of the Back-to-Back Arrangement prior to the entering of the Consent
Order and since the evidence they rely on is not entirely irrelevant to the
issues I have to grapple with and may also become relevant in other
proceedings, I will set out the various pieces of evidence relied upon by
them.

Evidence supporting the existence of the Back-to-Back Arrangement

133 The source of the Back-to-Back Arrangement, as argued by the Plaintiffs,
was OA1 and OA2 (see above at [15]).

134 Apart from OA1 and OA2, the Plaintiffs relied on several other alleged
facts to establish the existence of the Back-to-Back Arrangement.

(a) The parties had the commercial expectation that the lease from SLA to SAA
would be for “3+3+3” years. According to the Plaintiffs, this was evident from
several pieces of evidence:

(i) The advertisement published by SLA in the Straits Times and in the Lian He
Zao Bao stated that a lease of the Site was available for tender for a “3+3+3
years Tenure”.[note: 98]

(ii) Under a section called called “General Information” in the Tender Notice,
the tenure was described to be “3+3+3 years” and the “duration of period
contract” was stated to be “(From) 1 September 2001 … (To) 30 August 2010
…”.[note: 99]

(iii) Under a section called “Tendered items” in the Tender Notice, it is
stated that the tenure was for a “3+3+3 years Tenancy”.[note: 100]

(iv) Clause 2.1 of the “Particulars and Conditions of Tender” provided for a
three year tenancy with an option to renew another three year term subject to
the terms and conditions contained therein as well as those contained in the
Draft Tenancy Agreement

(v) Tan CB admitted during his testimony in court that from an objective
standpoint, the marketing materials would give the impression that the Site
would be leased to the prospective tenderer for “3+3+3 years” [note: 101]

(vi) In Ong CK’s business plan dated 8 March 2001, he stated that the “site is
leased from Land Office for Commercial Use for a period of 3 years + 3 years +
3 years with effect from April 2001”.[note: 102]

(b) The Defendants agreed to pass on the benefit of the “3+3+3” years Head
Lease tenure to the JV Companies through the grant of corresponding sub-
tenancies. Apart from OA1 and OA2, the Plaintiffs averred that there was other
objective evidence to support this conclusion:

(i) Ong CK’s business plan, as alluded to earlier, was presented to the
Plaintiffs prior to the signing of the MOU.

(ii) Tan CB had also stated in a memo titled “Addendum MOU”, which was drafted
by him, that “[NC] will need to sign a contract _back to back_ with
SAA”.[note: 103]

(iii) The 2001 STA was entered into on the same day that SAA signed the 2001
Head Lease with SLA and it similarly contained an option to renew clause.

(iv) The way the parties chose to structure the Joint Venture arrangement –
the JV Companies were the ones to commercially exploit the Site, acquire the
relevant licenses and bear the costs arising out of such commercial
exploitation – is indicative of the parties’ intention of forming the Back-to-
Back Arrangement.

(v) The sub-sub-tenancies granted by the JV Companies to the ultimate tenants,
which were signed off by Tan CB, provided for a three-year tenure with an
option to renew for two more terms of three years each.[note: 104]

Evidence against the existence of the Back-to-Back Arrangement

135 The R&T Defendants’ main contention against the existence of the Back-to-
Back Arrangement was that OA1 and OA2 did not in fact take place. Much
emphasis was placed on the various inconsistencies present in the Plaintiffs’
witnesses’ testimonies.

(a) First, the Plaintiffs had to correct their evidence several times in
relation to the sequence of the terms contained in OA1 and OA2.[note: 105]

(b) Secondly, the Plaintiffs’ attempt to change the sequential order of
certain terms in OA1 and OA2 effectively resulted in the transplantation of
certain terms from OA1 onto OA2. Such a transplantation exercise, according to
the R&T Defendants was untenable because the terms sought to be transplanted
envisaged only _one_ joint venture company whereas OA2 envisaged _two_ joint
venture companies.[note: 106]

(c) Thirdly, it was strenuously argued by the R&T Defendants that one of the
terms agreed upon in OA1, _viz_ , SAA would grant sub-tenancies on identical
terms as the head lease between SAA and SLA (see [15(c)] above), is directly
contradicted by one of the terms agreed upon in OA2, _viz_ , the rent payable
by the JV Companies is fixed at a nominal rate of 3% above the rent payable by
SAA to SLA (see [15(d)]) above). It could not be said that the terms are
“identical” when the rent payable by the JV Companies and the rent payable
under the head lease are not identical.[note: 107]

(d) Fourthly, the R&T Defendants argued that it was impossible for SAA to
feature in OA2 because at the time OA2 allegedly took place of 8 March 2001,
SAA had not yet been announced as the winner of the bidding exercise conducted
by SLA.[note: 108]

(e) Fifthly, the R&T Defendants argued that it did not make sense for parties
to sign the MOU which envisaged the incorporation of only one joint venture
company and then immediately afterwards agree to form two joint venture
companies. According to the Plaintiffs, OA2 was entered into on the same day
the MOU was signed. If it was indeed the case that parties had orally agreed
at the time the MOU was signed that there would be two joint venture
companies, the MOU would have reflected this new position.[note: 109] For the
same reason, the MOU should also have been amended to include the other terms
of OA2.[note: 110] I would observe at this juncture that eventually, two joint
venture companies were in fact formed and therefore it is not entirely clear
how this argument advances the R&T Defendants’ position.

(f) Sixthly, until the commencement of the present action, there had been no
mention of the oral agreements in the litigation history between the parties.
For instance, in SUM 4117 (amended), the Plaintiffs’ attempt to claim a stake
in the head lease was made by way of an allegation that the head lease was
held by SAA on trust for the JV Companies. This, according to the R&T
Defendants, was quite different from the present allegation that SAA was to
renew the JV Companies’ sub-tenancies so long as SLA renews the head
lease.[note: 111]

These inconsistencies, according to the R&T Defendants, militated against the
finding that a Back-to-Back Arrangement existed.

136 The R&T Defendants also highlighted that in all the Head Leases, 2001 STAs
and sub-sub-tenancies, the option to renew clause was caveated by clauses
indicating that the lessor would have the absolute discretion to determine if
a renewal should be granted. According to them, this evidenced that there was
never any agreement between SLA and SAA, and accordingly between SAA and the
JV Companies, that the leases would be for the tenure of “3+3+3” years.[note:
112]

137 As I have alluded to earlier, I make no conclusion as to whether the
evidence establishes the existence of the Back-to-Back Arrangement prior to
the entering of the Consent Order. Notwithstanding this, I am of the view that
by appropriating the benefit of the 2007 Head Lease for themselves, the
Defendants (CO) had altered the “status quo”. This is in breach of clause 11
of the Consent Order, the terms of which are stated in [123] above.

138 I note that this conclusion differs from the one reached by Choo J. In his
decision, Choo J placed emphasis on the fact that the words in clause 11 such
as “presently enjoy” and “status quo” meant that only the 2004 Head Lease fell
within the ambit of clause 11. The words in clause 11, however, should not be
viewed in isolation but must be considered with reference to the other
provisions in the Consent Order. In my view, clause 9(g) of the Consent Order
evidences that the “status quo” under clause 11 of the Consent Order did
encapsulate the benefit of the 2007 Head Lease. Clause 9(g) states:

Further, in the event that the Sole Bidder or Higher Bidder are the
Plaintiffs, the Defendants, in particular the 2nd Defendants, shall use its
best endeavours to facilitate and procure the assignment / transfer / novation
of the 2nd Defendants’ head lease with the Singapore Land Office, to the
Companies (subject always to the consent, if required, of Singapore Land
Office).

139 It seems to me that the envisaged assignment of the 2004 Head Lease from
the Defendants to the Plaintiffs under clause 9(g) would carry with it the
assignment of all the benefits under the 2004 Head Lease which includes,
_inter alia_ , the benefit under clause 2 of the 2004 Head Lease:

**_Clause 2 - Renewal of Tenancy_**

2.1 The Landlord may at his absolute discretion grant a fresh tenancy for a
further term [of] **_3 YEARS_** subject to new terms and conditions and
revision of rental upon the expiration of the term hereby created.

140 I note that the R&T Defendants have sought to argue that clause 2.1 of the
2004 Head Lease gives the landlord absolute discretion to grant a fresh
tenancy to SAA and therefore cannot be characterised as an “option to renew”
clause. While I do agree that clause 2 is not strictly an “option to renew”,
it nevertheless carries value as it puts the holder of the 2004 Head Lease in
an advantageous position to acquire the 2007 Head Lease. Such a position was
in fact taken by the R&T Defendants themselves in their submissions before
Choo J prior to the parties entering into the Consent Order. These submissions
were meant to address certain questions posed by Choo J to the parties which
arose from the Draft Consent Order. Their submissions noted that:[note: 113]

… Currently, the Head Lease has a remaining term of approximately 1 ½ year
[_sic_]. In addition, it can hardly be disputed that the 2nd Defendant, as the
present tenant of the Bukit Turf Club site, will be able to renegotiate for a
fresh lease with the Singapore Land Officer. These factors have commercial
value, and an appropriate commercial value ought to be ascribed to them by
professional valuers. It is untenable for the Plaintiffs to insist upon the
Head Lease being transferred for 'nominal' consideration. After all, the head
lease is an asset belonging to the 2nd Defendant, which value stands to be
determined properly and in accordance with legitimate valuation principles. If
it is required to transfer its interest in the Head Lease to the Companies, it
is only proper that the Companies should pay adequate consideration to the 2nd
Defendant for the same

It is evident that the Defendants (CO) themselves acted on the basis that the
holder of the head lease has the right to “renegotiate for a fresh lease with
the Singapore Land Officer” and that this right has commercial value.

141 Clause 2.1 of the 2004 Head Lease may therefore be effectively
characterised as a right of first refusal _vis-à-vis­_ the 2007 Head Lease. In
my view, parties were always operating under the understanding that barring
any exigency, SLA would offer the tenancy of the Site to SAA for a period of
“3+3+3” years. This is evident from several objective facts which the
Plaintiffs had relied upon to establish the existence of the Back-to-Back
Arrangement (see above at [134(a)]). In particular, I find that Tan CB’s
testimony and Ong CK’s business plan clearly reflect this understanding
whether or not there was the Back-to-Back Arrangement before the Consent Order
was entered into.

142 Neither party has disputed that the 2004 Head Lease forms part of the
“status quo” under clause 11 which cannot be altered. Since the right to
negotiate for the 2007 Head Lease is one of the benefits under the 2004 Head
Lease, the Defendants (CO) had altered the status quo and had therefore
breached clause 11 of the Consent Order when they acquired the 2007 Head Lease
for themselves. In my view, if the Plaintiffs had won the bid, the JV
Companies would have been entitled to the 2007 Head Lease (which would have
made the 2007 sub-tenancies from SAA academic) or at the very least, fresh
2007 sub-tenancies from SAA.

143 I note that Choo J did consider the construction of clause 9(g) and
concluded that clause 9(g) focuses on the assignment of the 2004 Head Lease
(see Choo J’s Decision at [19]). I agree with this view. However, Choo J went
on to conclude that the assignment of the 2004 Head Lease did not go so far as
to prohibit the Defendants (CO) from entering into the 2007 Head Lease or
mandate a pro-active renewal of the sub-tenancies to the JV Companies. It is
on this point that I respectfully reach a different conclusion from Choo J. It
appears that Choo J had overlooked the previous submission of the Defendants
(CO) before the terms of the Consent Order were settled _viz_ , that there was
commercial value in the 2004 Head Lease in the form of the benefit of
negotiating for the 2007 Head Lease.

144 I would also clarify that this submission of the Defendants (CO) was to
persuade Choo J to include an express term in the Consent Order that the
valuation to be undertaken by KPMG BA had to assign a specific value for the
benefit of negotiating for the 2007 Head Lease. The Plaintiffs did not dispute
that there was such a benefit but argued that no such express term was
necessary.

145 Therefore, although Choo J did not include the express term in the Consent
Order that the Defendants (CO) were seeking, this did not mean that the 2004
Head Lease no longer had that benefit.

146 Indeed, under cross-examination in the trial before me, Tan CB reinforced
the previous submission of the Defendants (CO) when he reluctantly accepted
that the party holding the 2004 Head lease would have the benefit of
negotiating for the 2007 Head Lease and that it could not be that one side
would hold the 2004 Head Lease and the other side the 2007 Head Lease. I set
out the relevant parts of his evidence:[note: 114]

Q. |  There was a prospect that there would be a 2007 head lease, correct?  
---|---  
A. |  I disagree.  
Q. |  Do you agree that SAA, at that time the tenant under the 2004 head lease, would be able to re-negotiate a fresh lease with the Singapore Land Office?  
A. |  Yes.  
Q. |  Yes. So in effect, the party holding the 2004 head lease would be in a position to negotiate for a 2007 head lease; true?  
A. |  Yes.  
Q. |  Yes. That was a matter of commercial value, correct?  
A. |  To who?  
Q. |  Whoever holds the 2004 head lease.  
A. |  Yes.  
Q. |  Yes. So if the joint venture companies had the 2004 head lease, they would be in a position to re-negotiate for the 2007 head lease, correct?  
A. |  Yes.  
… |   
Q. |  Yes. But at all times, it was understood that should the plaintiffs win the bid to buy over the joint venture companies, the joint venture companies would then hold the 2004 head lease and be in a position to negotiate for the 2007 head lease. Yes?  
A. |  Yes, your Honour.  
Q. |  The person who holds the 2004 head lease would be the person negotiating for the 2007 head lease. True?  
A. |  I disagree.  
Q. |  You disagree. Can it be that one party would hold the 2004 head lease, but a different party would hold the 2007 head lease? Can it be?  
A. |  I wouldn't know.  
Q. |  The two are linked, aren't they, the 2004 head lease and the 2007 head lease?  
A. |  I disagree.  
Q. |  You don't think they are linked?  
A. |  I disagree.  
COURT: |  Let's look at it from another angle. When counsel asked you that the party who holds the head lease would be the one who's negotiating for the 2007 lease, the one that is holding the 2004 head lease will be the one negotiating for the 2007 head lease. Do you remember his question?   
A. |  Yes.  
COURT: |  You said you disagreed.  
A. |  Yes.  
COURT: |  Why do you disagree?  
A. |  Because if the plaintiff wins the bid and they hold the 2004 head lease, they have to be the one that have to negotiate with the SLO on the 2007 head lease.  
COURT: |  That's his point. The one who is holding the head lease, that means if they win the bid, they are going to be assigned the head lease, isn't it?  
A. |  Yes. I understand now, your Honour. Yes.  
MR TAN: |  So it cannot be that one party would hold the 2004 head lease and another party would hold the 2007 head lease. Do you agree?  
A. |  Yes.  
  
  

147 I add that although Tan CB sought to change his evidence the next day on
26 September 2014, he still accepted that the 2004 Head Lease had value
because the one who holds it will be able to negotiate for the 2007 Head Lease
and that it cannot be that one party will hold the 2004 Head Lease and another
the 2007 Head Lease.[note: 115]

148 I add also that the Defendants (CO) had relied on the evidence of a
lawyer, one Mr Ernest Balasubramaniam (“Mr Balasubramaniam”). His evidence-in-
chief was that he had advised Tan CB that there was no option to renew in the
2004 Head Lease since SLA had the absolute discretion whether to grant the
2007 Head Lease. In late 2006, Tan CB had asked whether SAA was obliged to
issue fresh sub-tenancies to the JV Companies since SAA was obtaining the 2007
Head Lease. Tan CB had said that he was concerned that the JV Companies might
be liquidated and if so, this would have an impact on the sub-tenants and
licensees of the JV Companies.

149 Mr Balasubramaniam advised Tan CB that there was no option to renew in the
2004 sub-tenancies which SAA had granted to the JV Companies and that his
reading of the Consent Order was that there was no obligation on SAA to grant
fresh sub-tenancies to the JV Companies if SAA had obtained the 2007 Head
Lease. He said that his view was consistent with Choo J’s Decision.

150 I found this piece of evidence interesting. First, there was no evidence
that the JV Companies would be liquidated. On the contrary, the disputing
parties were intending to bid for shares in the JV Companies and carry on with
the business of the JV Companies.

151 Secondly, the real question was whether clause 11 and/or clause 9(g) of
the Consent Order imposed an obligation on SAA to assign the 2007 Head Lease
to the JV Companies if the Plaintiffs were successful in their bidding. If so,
it was irrelevant whether the JV Companies might be liquidated by the
Plaintiffs. The purported concern of Tan CB for the ultimate sub-tenants and
licensees appeared to be a sham.

152 Thirdly, it was Rajah and Tann who had acted for the Defendants (CO) in
the negotiation of the terms of the Consent Order. If Tan CB had really wanted
to know the extent of the obligation of the Defendants (CO) under the Consent
Order, he should have consulted Rajah and Tann and not Mr Balasubramaniam. It
also did not escape my attention that the R&T Defendants preferred to call Mr
Balasubramaniam rather than a lawyer from Rajah and Tann who was involved in
the negotiation for the terms of the Consent Order to give evidence.

153 I did not find Mr Balasubramaniam’s evidence on the interpretation of the
Consent Order to be of any assistance. In so far as he was of the view that
the 2004 Head Lease did not have an option to renew, strictly speaking, since
SLA had the absolute discretion whether to grant the 2007 Head Lease, this was
not in dispute. That, however, did not mean that the 2004 Head Lease had no
value and no bearing on the 2007 Head Lease as I have elaborated above.

154 Therefore, Mr Balasubramaniam’s evidence did not assist the Defendants
(CO) on the Non-Renewal Issue.

Implied term of the Consent Order

155 Apart from the allegation that SAA had breached clause 11 of the Consent
Order by failing to grant sub-tenancies which arose out of the 2007 Head
Lease, the Plaintiffs also alleged as an alternative that the Defendants had
breached an implied term of the Consent Order by appropriating the benefit of
the 2007 Head Lease for themselves. This was on the basis that there was an
implied term in the Consent Order that SAA would not “alter the status quo and
in particular … [not] appropriate for themselves the benefit of the Head Lease
(and any potential renewal, extension or regrant thereof) pending full
performance of the Consent Order”.[note: 116]

156 Before I proceed to consider the merits of this argument, I note that it
is arguable from the Revised SOC that this point appears to be subsumed within
the Plaintiffs’ allegations that there had been a breach of clause 11 of the
Consent Order.[note: 117] However, I am of the view that while the pleadings
could have been better drafted, this was a separate point from the allegation
that clause 11 of the Consent Order had been breached. This is evident from
the fact that in the Revised SOC, this point was phrased as one that was
“[f]urther or in the alternative”. The Defendants have also not appeared to
dispute that this point had been pleaded separately.[note: 118] I therefore
turn now to consider the merits of this point.

157 In the event that my above interpretation of clause 11 is incorrect, I am
of the view that there was indeed an implied term in the Consent Order that
pending full performance of the Consent Order, the Defendants would not
appropriate the benefit of the 2007 Head Lease for themselves.

158 In _Sembcorp Marine Ltd v PPL Holdings Pte Ltd and another and another
appeal_ [2013] 4 SLR 193 at [101], the Court of Appeal expounded a three-step
test for determining whether a term is to be implied into a contract (“the
three-step test”):

(a) The first step is to ascertain how the gap in the contract arises.
Implication will be considered only if the court discerns that the gap arose
because the parties did not contemplate the gap.

(b) At the second step, the court considers whether it is necessary in the
business or commercial sense to imply a term in order to give the contract
efficacy.

(c) Finally, the court considers the specific term to be implied. This must be
one which the parties, having regard to the need for business efficacy, would
have responded "Oh, of course!" had the proposed term been put to them at time
of the contract. If it is not possible to find such a clear response, then,
the gap persists and the consequences of that gap ensue

The first step

159 The gap in the Consent Order that arises here is the absence of any
provision which sets out the parties’ obligations in the event that the
bidding exercise is not carried out within the timelines laid down in the
Consent Order.

160 The Plaintiffs have averred that this gap was not contemplated as it was
not envisaged by the parties that the bidding exercise would take place after
the 2004 Head Lease had expired.[note: 119] This was not disputed by the
Defendants. In fact, in their closing submissions, the R&T Defendants affirmed
Choo J’s construction of the Consent Order,[note: 120] where he noted at [19]
that:

Clause 11 of the Consent Order was drafted in this manner because parties had
envisaged that the valuation reports would be ready by May 2006. At the time
the Consent Order was negotiated, both parties knew full well that the 2004
Head Lease was expiring in September 2007. It did not strike parties at that
time to make provision for the expiry of the 2004 Head Lease since the expiry
was only _due more than a year_ later in September 2007. … [emphasis in
original].

161 I am in agreement with Choo J that the parties did not envisage a 13.5
month delay in the issuance of the Valuation Reports and I agree that they did
not contemplate that the bidding exercise would take place after the 2004 Head
Lease had expired.

The second step

162 In my view, it is necessary in the business or commercial sense to imply a
term to give the Consent Order efficacy where the bidding exercise had not yet
been carried out although the 2004 Head Lease had expired. If a term is not
implied to fill the gap mentioned above, and the Defendants are allowed to
appropriate the benefit of 2007 Head Lease (which they did do in the present
case), the Plaintiffs would effectively be deprived of the entire benefit of
the Consent Order. At the time that the Consent Order was entered into, the
benefit that was available to the parties were the remaining tenure of the
2004 Head Lease and the right to negotiate for the 2007 Head Lease. As alluded
to earlier (at [140]-[141]), and as affirmed by the R&T Defendants, the latter
right is of significant value.

163 To render the Consent Order efficacious after the 2004 Head Lease had
expired, there must therefore be the implication of a term which would allow
the parties to still be able to meaningfully bid for the JV Companies. The
sub-tenancies were the JV Companies’ lifeblood. The JV Companies were in the
business of collecting rent and license fees and its business would
effectively ground to a halt when it could no longer let or license out
individual units on the Site to third parties. Without the implication of a
term to fill the above gap, the bidding exercise under the Consent Order would
be rendered nugatory as the Plaintiffs would essentially be bidding for an
empty shell.

164 This conclusion is further reinforced when one considers clause 9(g) of
the Consent Order, which provides that where the Plaintiffs are the higher
bidder, the Defendants (CO) shall use their best endeavours to transfer the
head lease with SLA to the JV Companies. As I have elaborated above, the
parties acted on the basis that the 2004 Head Lease, carried with it the right
to negotiate for the 2007 Head Lease.

165 The R&T Defendants have sought to argue that the Consent Order is still
efficacious without the implied term because parties can still achieve the
purpose of the Consent Order by proceeding with the bidding exercise because
the purpose of the Consent Order was to end the Joint Venture.[note: 121] I am
unable to agree. In my view, the purpose of the Consent Order was not simply
to end the Joint Venture. If that was its only purpose, the JV Companies could
have been sold to third parties or liquidated. Rather, the purpose was to end
the joint venture by allowing either side to carry on with the business of the
JV Companies. That aspect was no longer available as there was no more
business to continue on the facts if the R&T Defendants were correct. The R&T
Defendants are essentially saying that having the Plaintiffs bid for something
valueless would be efficacious. This is a wholly untenable position. As argued
by the Plaintiffs in their further reply submission, the purpose of the
Consent Order was to end the Joint Venture and separate the warring
shareholders _in an equitable manner_.[note: 122] In my view, the mechanism of
the bidding exercise was meant to ensure that the party who values the JV
Companies more would be able to gain control over them and the party who
values the JV Companies less would receive in monetary terms a greater sum
than what it ascribes to the JV Companies. This would have resulted in a win-
win situation which was the essence of the compromise reached in the Consent
Order.

166 Therefore, for the Consent Order to retain its efficacy after the expiry
of the 2004 Head Lease, a term had to be implied to prevent either party from
appropriating the benefit of the 2007 Head Lease before the bidding exercise
had concluded and indeed to preserve the right to negotiate for the 2007 Head
Lease or to the 2007 Head Lease itself.

The third step

167 In the circumstances, if the officious bystander asked the parties whether
the Defendants (CO) should be prohibited from appropriating the benefit of the
2007 Head Lease pending the performance of the Consent Order, would the
parties have responded “Oh, of course!”?

168 In my view, the answer must be in the affirmative. If this were not the
case, the Plaintiffs would effectively be put in a position where they were to
bid for something which is bereft of value. That could not have been something
which the parties would have agreed to.

169 Therefore, I conclude that there is an implied term in the Consent Order
that the Defendants are obligated to refrain from appropriating the benefit of
the 2007 Head Lease pending the full performance of the Consent Order. The
Defendants (CO), in securing the 2007 Head Lease for themselves and refusing
to grant corresponding sub-tenancies to the JV Companies, have failed to do so
and have therefore breached this implied term.

170 Having found that this implied term has been breached, the next question
is whether the breach is repudiatory. Only repudiatory breaches would entitle
the innocent party to terminate the contract (or treat the contract as
discharged) (_RDC Concrete Pte Ltd v Sato Kogyo (S) Pte Ltd and another
appeal_ [2007] 4 SLR(R) 413 (“ _RDC Concrete_ ”) at [90]). Whether a breach is
considered repudiatory in turn depends on the seriousness of the breach.

171 I note that the R&T Defendants did not dispute that if the appropriation
of the 2007 Head Lease was a breach of the Consent Order, it would amount to a
repudiatory breach. In any event, I am of the view that SAA’s failure to renew
the sub-tenancies of the JV Companies would constitute a repudiatory breach as
it “[deprived] the innocent party of substantially the whole benefit that it
was intended that the innocent party should obtain from the contract” (_RDC
Concrete_ at [107]). The purpose of the Consent Order was for one of the two
parties to buyout the shareholding of the other party through a bidding
exercise. As I have said, depriving the JV Companies of the benefit of the
2007 Head Lease had made the bidding exercise meaningless. There was simply no
longer any point for the Plaintiffs to bid for the JV Companies.

172 The repudiatory breach committed by SAA gave the Plaintiffs the right to
bring the Consent Order to an end, and I find that the Plaintiffs had formally
elected to end this contract by the commencement of the present suit on 8
January 2009.

The Non-Disclosure Issue: whether any repudiatory breach arose from SAA’s
failure to disclose the renewal of the head lease with SLA for the third
tranche

173 The Plaintiffs’ success with the Non-Renewal Issue, which embodied the
primary claim mounted by the Plaintiffs, would have been sufficient to achieve
its overarching goal of setting aside the Consent Order. For completeness,
however, I will move on to deal with several other fall-back claims raised by
the Plaintiffs.

174 The first fall-back claim was SAA’s failure to disclose its procurement of
the 2007 Head Lease. As a preliminary matter, it may be noted that the
Plaintiffs’ claim of non-disclosure was initially advanced as a breach of an
implied term in their pleadings.[note: 123] In their closing submissions, they
appear to have shifted away from this approach to rely on clause 5 of the
Consent Order instead,[note: 124] which stated as follows:[note: 125]

5\. The Independent Valuer shall have unfettered and absolute discretion in
conducting the Valuation Exercise as he deems fit and the _Plaintiffs and
Defendants undertake not to interfere, impede, obstruct, or do anything to
prevent or hinder the Independent Valuer’s discharge of his duties in respect
of the Valuation Exercise_. …

[emphasis added]

The italicised portion of clause 5 is relied upon by the Plaintiffs to advance
their non-disclosure argument.

175 The Plaintiffs’ argument is that SAA’s failure or refusal to disclose to
the KPMG entities that it had secured the 2007 Head Lease “hindered” the
investigation exercise which KPMG BA was supposed to undertake, thereby
violating clause 5 of the Consent Order. The issue arising from the
Plaintiffs’ contention therefore is whether SAA was hindering or preventing
the KPMG entities from discharging its duties when it did not disclose the
existence of the 2007 Head Lease.

176 It should first be noted that the duties in question relied upon by the
Plaintiffs to support their contention of the non-disclosure complaint was the
KPMG entities’ duty to value the JV Companies’ assets and liabilities for the
purposes of informing the parties’ decision on a fair amount to submit in the
bidding exercise that would ensue. As the Plaintiffs argued, the KPMG entities
would no longer be able to value the JV Companies’ accurately when “a material
fact” such as the 2007 Head Lease was hidden from them. To justify his
decision not to disclose this matter, Tan CB explained that the 2007 Head
Lease was a property that properly belonged to SAA and therefore it had no
reason to disclose it to the KPMG entities; it did not fall within the pool of
assets which the JV Companies were supposed to value. By now, it should be
clear that this argument does not hold water as I have held that the right to
negotiate or the right to the 2007 Head Lease itself was one of the benefits
which the parties were bidding for under the Consent Order. Indeed, it was an
important benefit given that there was only about one and a half years left
under the 2004 Head Lease if the bidding exercise was carried out in
accordance with the anticipated timelines. The 2007 Head Lease should
therefore have been disclosed to the KPMG entities for the purposes of
carrying out the valuation exercise and thereby the bidding exercise.

177 In failing to disclose the 2007 Head Lease, the Defendants (CO) had
“hindered” the valuer’s discharge of its duties and had thereby breached
clause 5 of the Consent Order.

178 In my view, this amounts to a repudiatory breach of the Consent Order as
well. The failure to disclose the existence of the 2007 Head Lease is
inextricably linked to the above conclusion that the Defendants (CO) had
breached the Consent Order by misappropriating the benefit of the 2007 Head
Lease for themselves.

The Investigation and Valuation Issue: whether the investigation and valuation
exercises required of the KPMG entities were properly carried out

179 The Non-Renewal Issue and the Non-Disclosure Issue thus far concerned the
JV Companies’ claim for a stake in the benefit of the 2007 Head Lease. The
Investigation and Valuation Issue, which I will now turn to, touches upon the
KPMG entities’ duties and responsibilities under the Consent Order. In this
regard, the Plaintiffs argued that the investigation and valuation aspects
were not properly carried out by the KPMG entities.

The investigation exercise

180 The main thrust of the Plaintiffs’ allegations under this claim can be
described as a dissatisfaction with the investigation findings made by KPMG
BA. However, before delving into the parties’ substantive arguments, I make a
short comment on the way this point was couched in legal terms by the
Plaintiffs. In the Revised SOC, it was alleged that the Consent Order suffers
from a total failure of consideration as the Plaintiffs’ allegations in the
Consolidated Suits were not properly compromised. This ground was relied upon
in the Revised SOC to support the Plaintiffs’ overarching attempt to set aside
the Consent Order. However, there appears to have been a departure from this
stance in the Plaintiffs’ closing submissions. The same complaint was no
longer developed in the context of “a total failure of consideration”.
Instead, the Plaintiffs appeared to have characterised the KPMG entities’
efforts in implementing the Consent Order as a “breach” of the Consent
Order.[note: 126] The latter submission rested on an assumption that a non-
party is capable of breaching a contract. This struck me as an intriguing
proposition for, as the R&T Defendants quickly pointed out in their closing
submissions,[note: 127] the Plaintiffs did not explore in greater detail the
legal principles behind the assumption they were making. Nevertheless, I find
that there are other cogent reasons why the Plaintiffs’ complaint against the
KPMG entities is unfounded and it is to this that my analysis now turns to.

181 The Plaintiffs cast various aspersions against the KPMG entities, but the
gist of it can be summarised as follows. They alleged that KPMG BA did not
conduct an independent investigation into both the JV Companies’ cost and
expenses as well as its revenue stream. In this regard, they tried to persuade
me that all KPMG BA relied on to do its job was the audited accounts. The
Plaintiffs relied on section 1.1 of the Valuation Reports for both TCAE and
TCPL which stated as follows:

In performing this assignment, [KPMG CF]:

\- Has used and relied solely on information (the “Information”) furnished by
the Parties to the Action;

\- has not independently investigated or verified the Information received;

\- assumes no responsibility for the accuracy and completeness of the
Information and will not be held liable for it under any circumstances;

\- has not made an appraisal or independent valuation of any of the assets or
liabilities of the Company; and

\- has no conducted an audit; due diligence or a review of the financial
statements provided by the Parties to the Action.

182 In particular, emphasis was placed on the failure to verify the
reasonableness of the monies paid to Goodland and AGA,[note: 128] both of
which were entities related to some of the Defendants. The Plaintiffs
contended that this association warranted a closer scrutiny from KPMG BA.
Further, KPMG BA did not appear to have given sufficient weight to the revenue
that was allegedly generated from the landfill activity which it claimed to
have amounted to about $5m.[note: 129]

183 While I am able to sympathise with the Plaintiffs’ concerns that the
Valuation Reports did appear to be slightly cursory in its findings, I do not
find it appropriate for me to make a conclusive finding on whether or not KPMG
BA had carried out a proper investigation. It is true that on a purposive
reading of the Consent Order, KPMG BA was under a duty to conduct a thorough
investigation of the Plaintiffs’ allegations so as to give a meaningful
closure to the parties’ dispute in the Consolidated Suits. Even the R&T
Defendants’ expert, Andrew Grimmett, agreed on cross-examination that the
investigation was supposed to be fairly rigorous, and that the standard
expected of the investigation should match that of an audit, if not more
stringent.[note: 130] But my ability to resolve this issue is nevertheless
circumscribed by two considerations.

184 First, neither of the KPMG entities were called to give evidence on what
exactly was done or not done insofar as the investigation exercise was
concerned. Thus, while the Plaintiffs contended that a valuer would be obliged
to the court to show the basis on which it had arrived at the valuation, it
would be unfair, in this particular instance, to the KPMG entities if I were
to jump to conclusions without giving them an opportunity to respond to the
allegations the Plaintiffs were making. After all, amongst all the parties and
witnesses involved in this action, they are probably the ones in the best
position to shed light on the tasks they had performed under the Consent
Order. In the absence of this critical piece of evidence from the overall
picture, I do not find it wise to make a ruling on this issue.

185 The second consideration I have in mind is the way the Consent Order was
drafted. Clause 5 clearly stipulated that the KPMG entities had _absolute
discretion_ in carrying out the investigation and valuation exercise. This
suggests that great latitude would be accorded to the KPMG entities in
determining the appropriate manner to carry out the investigation and
valuation exercise. That being the case, I find it difficult for the
Plaintiffs’ to go back on what they have expressly agreed to by now attempting
to prescribe a higher normative standard on the KPMG entities. In this regard,
I find the following words of Rajah JA in _Zurich Insurance (Singapore) Pte
Ltd v B-Gold Interior Design & Construction Pte Ltd_ [2008] 3 SLR(R) 1029
poignant in describing the limits of the courts’ powers when it is asked to
interpret the express terms of a contract (at [132(f)]):

A court should always be careful to ensure that extrinsic evidence is used to
explain and illuminate the written words, and not to contradict or vary them.
Where a court concludes that the parties have used the wrong words,
rectification may be a more appropriate remedy …

186 Before I move on from this topic, I will address one of the defences
mounted by the R&T Defendants, which is that the investigation issue was not
sufficiently pleaded.[note: 131] They argued that the Plaintiffs’ pleaded case
has always been that there were no investigations at all conducted by KPMG BA,
and not that investigations were not properly conducted. This is not how I
understood the Plaintiffs to have pleaded the matter. The relevant portion in
the Revised SOC at paragraph 41(a), which was in relation to the claim that
“the Plaintiffs’ claims in the Consolidated Suits have not been compromised”,
is as follows:

(a) there has not been an investigation by [KPMG BA] pursuant to clauses 2 and
5 of the Consent Order …

187 Based on the phrase “pursuant to clauses 2 and 5 of the Consent Order”, it
seems clear to me that Plaintiffs were claiming that KPMG BA had fallen below
the standards required of them under the two clauses in question, although I
would add that it would certainly have benefited the Plaintiffs had they
worded the claim in more precise terms. But given that the message it sought
to convey was not as unclear as the R&T Defendants purported, I do not think
drawing such fine distinctions in the wording would do much to bolster their
case.

The valuation exercise

188 What was discussed in the previous section relates to the Plaintiffs’
dissatisfaction with the investigatory aspect of KPMG BA’s work. I now turn to
examine whether there is any merit in the Plaintiffs’ complaint over the
valuation aspect of KPMG CF’s work.

189 Under this section, the Plaintiffs’ complaints can be further classified
into two sub-categories. The first is that the NAV (Net Asset Valuation)
methodology adopted by KPMG CF was inappropriate. To that, I reiterate my
comments made earlier, that the KPMG entities should have been called to give
the best evidence. Suffice to say, in choosing this methodology KPMG CF may
very well have been motivated by its assumption that the 2004 STAs were about
to expire in August 2007 and there would be no subsequent renewals. If this
was a valid assumption made by KPMG CF, the alternative method proposed by the
Plaintiffs’ expert witness, Timothy James Reid, that is to value the JV
Companies based on its prospective revenue receivable, may not necessarily be
superior.

190 The second point appears to be more significant. The Plaintiffs contended
that because the Valuation Reports were issued so late – 13.5 months after its
expected due date based on the timelines stipulated in the Consent Order – the
bidding exercise had been rendered meaningless.[note: 132] While the R&T
Defendants argued that the delay was not unexpected as the timelines were
subject to variation by consent, this does not detract from the fact that the
valuation figures contained in the Valuation Report were way out of date. The
outdated valuation date set by the KPMG entities of 31 May 2006 coupled with
the fact that the parties were asked to bid for the JV Companies much later in
August 2007, gave rise to the inexorable conclusion that the valuation figures
were no longer capable of serving the purpose originally intended, which is to
inform the parties accurately of the value of the JV Companies so that
commercially sensible and realistic bids can be submitted. Even Tan CB agreed
on cross-examination that it is paramount for valuation figures to be accurate
and up to date for them to assist him in the bidding exercise and that the
value of the JV Companies could have changed between 31 May 2006 and August
2007.[note: 133]

191 I am of the view that although the Valuation Reports were issued so late,
and that even if the bidding exercise had indeed been rendered meaningless, it
cannot be said that the KPMG entities had breached the Consent Order. As
alluded to earlier, the question of whether a non-party can be found to be in
breach of contract was not canvassed fully before me.

192 However, what this shows is that even if I am wrong that there had been a
repudiatory breach of the Consent Order committed by the Defendants, I cannot
order the bidding exercise to be proceeded with. This is because there is
nothing left to bid for. At this point in time, both the 2004 and 2007 Head
Leases have already run their course.

193 As mentioned earlier (see above at [165]), the purpose of the Consent
Order cannot be myopically viewed as simply a mechanism to bring the Joint
Venture to an end with no regard to the interests of the parties. If the R&T
Defendants’ position is correct, it would be akin to saying that the purpose
of the Consent Order can be met by the Defendants (CO) bidding a nominal sum
and in so doing, gaining control over the JV Companies and keeping all the
benefits of the 2004 Head Lease and the 2007 Head Lease. This would
essentially leave the Plaintiffs with absolutely nothing. I am unable to agree
that this is what the Consent Order was meant to achieve. While it would not
make a difference in the ultimate analysis, I would also add that the
Defendants (CO) are not even offering to account to the Plaintiffs the revenue
that was generated from the JV Companies during the period of the 2004 STAs if
the Plaintiffs were to win the bid or the remainder of such a period, if the
bidding exercise was carried out in accordance with the anticipated timelines
under the Consent Order. This exemplifies a lack of _bona fides_. The
Defendants (CO) are seeking to gain everything for nothing.

194 In _Hoban Steven Maurice Dixon and another v Scanlon Graeme John and
others_ [2007] 2 SLR(R) 770 (“ _Hoban_ ”), the trial judge had resolved a
minority oppression action by ordering that there be a valuation of the
company’s shares with a view to a buy-out by one party of the other party’s
shares. The court-appointed expert valued the shares at ‘nil’ value. The
appellants requested that the trial judge adjust the valuation of the share
but the trial judge refused to intervene. The Court of Appeal declined to
interfere with the trial judge’s decision to affirm the ‘nil’ valuation but
went on to hold that the ‘nil’ valuation rendered the buy-out order
“inoperative” (at [42]–[43]). The Court of Appeal then made the consequential
order that parties be restored to the _status quo ante_ , as if the buy-out
order had never been made (at [46]). I find _Hoban_ to be on point. It makes
clear that the court can set aside an order on the basis that it is rendered
inoperative. From my observations above, I am of the view that the Consent
Order has indeed been rendered inoperative, much like the case in _Hoban_. I
am accordingly unable to order for the bidding exercise to be proceeded with.

195 Therefore, apart from the repudiatory breaches committed by SAA in not
renewing the sub-tenancies for the third tranche, I will also set aside the
Consent Order on the basis that the Consent Order has been rendered
inoperative. This is so even if Choo J’s Decision constitutes _res judicata_
on the Plaintiffs’ allegations about the repudiatory breaches. The _res
judicata_ argument does not extend to the question of whether the Consent
Order has been rendered inoperative. Indeed it will be recalled that although
Choo J also decided in another application that the parties to the Consent
Order were to carry on with the bidding exercise, the Court of Appeal had set
aside that decision (see [49] above).

196 The R&T Defendants argued that the Plaintiffs did not plead that the
valuation reports were useless because they were issued almost one year after
the valuation date.[note: 134] I am unable to agree. The claim of frustration
still exists in the Revised SOC although not elaborated as such in the
Plaintiffs’ arguments. It is clear that in both the Plaintiffs’ case and the
R&T Defendants’ case, the bidding exercise was to be undertaken so that if the
Plaintiffs won the bid, they would get the benefit of operating the JV
Companies for at least the remainder of the 2004 sub-tenancies even if the JV
Companies and the Plaintiffs were not supposed to get the benefit under the
2007 Head Lease as well. By the time the valuation reports were issued on 10
August 2007, there was less than a month left on the 2004 sub-tenancies. I
therefore find that this point had been sufficiently pleaded by the
Plaintiffs.

The QS Issue: whether the Defendants obstructed efforts to appoint a QS and
whether the failure of appoint a QS enables the Plaintiffs to set aside the
Consent Order

197 The Investigation and Valuation Issue in the previous section discusses
the duties of the KPMG entities under the Consent Order and whether they had
fallen below the standards expected of them. I now come to an ancillary issue
that also touches upon certain aspects of the investigation exercise, but the
allegations cast by the Plaintiffs were directed more towards certain
obstructions put up by the Defendants to hinder the investigation exercise as
opposed to the KPMG entities’ inadequacies _per se_.

198 I begin by noting that clause 6 of the Consent Order envisaged the
possible appointment of a QS to assist the KPMG entities in its work. The
clause stated as follows:

6\. To assist the Independent Valuer in this regard, the Plaintiffs and
Defendants shall provide the Independent Valuer and/or KPMG Business Advisory
Pte Ltd with full access to all cause papers, documents referred to in the
respective List of Documents and Supplementary List of Documents (if any),
existing expert or such other reports and such other documents that the
Independent Valuer and/or Messrs KPMG Business Advisory Pte Ltd **may
require** for the purpose of conducting the Valuation Exercise, and the
Plaintiffs, Defendants and/or the Defendants’ agents and/or servants, and/or
the Companies’ employees, agents and/or servants shall assist the Independent
Valuer and/or Messrs KPMG Business Advisory Pte Ltd with any or all enquiries
in this regard. The Independent Valuer shall be at liberty to engage a
quantity surveyor and such other professionals or experts or technical
advisors as he deems necessary or appropriate to arrive at a fair valuation
and/or to determine the propriety (or lack thereof as the case may be) of the
past contracts and transactions entered into by the Companies or on their
behalf. The cost of appointing a quantity surveyor or such other professionals
or experts or technical advisors shall, once such cost is agreed to between
the Plaintiffs and the Defendants, be apportioned between the Plaintiffs and
the Defendants (other than the Companies) in the proportion of their
respective shareholdings in the Companies. …

[emphasis added in bold]

199 Suffice it to say for now, as the story unravelled, the KPMG entities did
not manage to appoint a QS. Notwithstanding this, the KPMG entities proceeded
to finalise the investigation and valuation exercise. The Plaintiffs relied on
the failure to appoint a QS as an additional plank to attack the integrity of
the Valuation Reports. The assistance of a QS, they argued, was a cornerstone
to any meaningful implementation of the investigation exercise for without
which KPMG BA would not be able to investigate the reasonableness of the
construction costs paid by the JV Companies.[note: 135]

200 The factual matrix concerning this issue may be summarised briefly. The
first QS appointed, Goh Tiak Chua & Co Pte Ltd (“GTCCPL”), withdrew itself
because the drawings made available to it were inadequate for the purposes of
verifying the costs of renovation work done for the JV Companies.
Subsequently, after several QSes had refused to take up the verification works
(_ie_ , George Low Co and T.J. Chiam Surveyors Pte Ltd), DLS (see above at
[74]) agreed to carry out the works although its quoted fee was $16,750 more
than the fee quoted by GTCCPL. AsiaLegal wrote to KPMG BA insisting that the
additional costs of appointing DLS should be borne by the JV Companies since
the previous QS was unable to perform the verification works due to the JV
Companies’ failure to provide the required information/drawings. After
protracted negotiations, AsiaLegal subsequently informed KPMG BA that the
Plaintiffs would make payment of their share of DLS’ fees purely to expedite
matters and that the payment was made strictly under protest. Rajah & Tann
then informed KPMG BA that the Defendants (CO) were not agreeable to paying
their share of DLS’ fees, and that they were prepared for KPMG CF to prepare
the Valuation Reports without engaging a QS.[note: 136] Eventually, KPMG BA
wrote to the Consent Order Parties informing them that as they had not
received any objection from the Consent Order Parties to complete the
Valuation Exercise without the appointment of a QS and in order not to
protract the matter further, they would proceed to finalise the Valuation
Report.

201 Against this factual backdrop, the Plaintiffs blamed the Defendants for
causing the investigation work to be done without a QS. The allegations made
were two-fold. First, the Plaintiffs averred that the Defendants had hidden
important documents required by the QS to carry out its work. Secondly, when
KPMG BA finally found a QS (_ie_ , DLS) that was willing to perform the task,
the Defendants (CO) threw yet another spanner in the works by refusing to pay
their share of the additional fees required by DLS. Cumulatively, these two
moves obstructed KPMG from appointing a QS.[note: 137]

202 I need not conclude whether these allegations have been made out because
there is a fundamental reason why the Plaintiffs’ claim would ultimately fail
even assuming there was any merit in their allegations. It was strenuously
argued by the Plaintiffs that the QS formed an integral part of the
investigation and valuation exercises and any attempt to detract from the goal
of appointing a QS cannot be condoned with. However, while the appointment of
a QS might have been important, the Plaintiffs appeared willing not to insist
on such an appointment. The Plaintiffs did not voice any objection when KPMG
BA wrote to the parties on 24 July 2007 informing them that the Valuation
Reports would be issued without engaging a QS unless parties object otherwise.
Their silence on this matter gave rise to an irresistible inference that they
were amenable to the dispensation of a QS. This led to KPMG BA writing to the
parties on 3 August 2007 informing them that they would proceed to finalise
the Valuation Report without engaging a QS as there had been no objection from
the parties.

203 The Plaintiffs averred in their reply closing submissions that even though
there was no written objection, they had made an objection over the phone to
Bob Yap, a director of KPMG BA. I find this account of events improbable for
several reasons. First, Johnny Yeo testified on the stand that he could not
even remember whether such a conversation took place between the critical
period of 24 July 2007 and 3 August 2007.[note: 138]

204 Secondly, consistent with Johnny Yeo’s murky testimony on this point,
Michael Lim also did not unequivocally testify that the objection was made to
Bob Yap. When pressed for the contents of the objection, he replied it was Bob
Yap who said that engaging a QS would be preferable. His evidence did not show
that the Plaintiffs had insisted on appointing a QS.[note: 139]

205 Thirdly, if there had been a verbal objection between 24 July 2007 and 3
August 2007, KPMG BA would surely not have issued the letter dated 3 August
2007 (see [202]) to notify the parties that it had not received any objection
from the parties. Furthermore, if the letter dated 3 August 2007 was issued by
mistake as the Plaintiffs have contended, then the logical thing to do would
be for them to write to KPMG BA immediately to correct them. They continued to
remain silent even after receiving the 3 August 2007 letter from KPMG BA even
though they were represented by lawyers at the material time.

206 Fourthly, in a letter issued to Rajah and Tann by the Plaintiffs’ lawyers,
AsiaLegal, dated 23 July 2007, it was stated in unequivocal terms that the
Plaintiffs themselves were prepared to proceed without a QS so as to expedite
matters:

… We are instructed that unless the said sum of S$10,468.75 is paid to [KPMG
CF] by close of business on Wednesday, 25 July 2007, our clients reserve the
right to take such appropriate steps as they deem fit, including but not
limited to _making an application to Court and/or requesting [KPMG CF] to
proceed with the valuation without engaging a [QS] if [KPMG CF] deems it to be
fit_ …

[emphasis added]

During the trial, Michael Lim tried to explain away this letter by claiming
that AsiaLegal had sent it against their instructions.[note: 140] I do not
find this explanation to be credible as this letter was copied to the
Plaintiffs and it was not corrected by them.

207 Fifthly, and crucially, in the Plaintiffs’ written submissions in SUM 4117
(amended), they conceded that “the Plaintiffs had no option but to reluctantly
agree to dispense with the engagement of a surveyor so as to expedite
matters”.[note: 141] This shows clearly that the Plaintiffs were ultimately
willing for the valuation exercise to proceed without the appointment of a QS.

208 Before I conclude this issue, a fall-back argument mounted by the
Plaintiffs merits a brief discussion. The Plaintiffs contended that even if
the parties had agreed to dispense with the use of a QS, there was an
overriding duty on KPMG BA’s part to ensure it would utilise a QS in
performing the investigative work.[note: 142] I am unable to agree. Clauses 5
and 6, when read together, gave rise to no such obligation. In fact, both
clauses indicated that the appointment of a QS was never fundamental to the
investigation and valuation exercise. It was always at the discretion of the
KPMG entities to appoint a QS as they deem fit. This is borne out by clause 6,
which stated that KPMG CF “shall be _at liberty_ to engage a [QS] … as [it]
deems necessary or appropriate …” [emphasis added]. Consistent with clause 6,
clause 5 gave KPMG CF “unfettered and absolute discretion in conducting the
Valuation Exercise as [it] deems fit …” It was ultimately the KPMG entities’
judgment call whether a QS should be appointed to assist them and it was
within their rights to dispense with the need for a QS. In any event, it is
not open to the Plaintiffs to say that KPMG BA had such an overriding duty
when they had themselves, by conduct, waived this requirement.

The R&T Defendants’s counterclaim

209 Having decided above that the Consent Order is to be set aside, either on
the basis of a repudiatory breach or that the Consent Order had been rendered
inoperative, I dismiss the R&T Defendants’ counterclaim for the bidding
exercise to be proceeded with.

The Consequential Orders

210 Having set aside the Consent Order, I turn now to consider the
Consequential Orders requested by the Plaintiffs (_ie_ , for leave to continue
with the Consolidated Suits with the appropriate directions) (see [59] above).
With the Consent Order having been set aside, it follows that the Consolidated
Suits are allowed to be reinstated. Tan CB, Ong CK and Tan Senior have,
however, raised certain objections to being named in the Consolidated Suits.
This gives rise to two questions. The first question is whether Tan CB and Ong
CK were parties to the Joint Venture. The answer to this question would
determine whether the Plaintiffs have a legal basis to name these two
individuals as defendants in the Consolidated Suits. The second question is
whether Ong CK and Tan Senior may avoid being named as defendants in the
Consolidated Suits, but for reasons different from the first question. They
contended that because they had not been named as defendants in the
Consolidated Suits for a significant number of years, it was unfair to now
drag them back into the litigation.

Whether Tan CB and Ong CK were proper parties to the Joint Venture

211 As alluded to in the background facts, when the Consolidated Suits were
commenced in 2002 and 2004, the Plaintiffs did not name Tan CB and Ong CK as
defendants. In the present suit, the Plaintiffs are applying for these two
individuals to be added to the list of defendants in the underlying
Consolidated Suits which have now been reinstated pursuant to the setting
aside of the Consent Order. Unsurprisingly, Tan CB and Ong CK did not want the
Plaintiffs to drag them into the Consolidated Suits, claiming that they were
never parties to the Joint Venture in their personal capacity. Instead, they
had used SAA as the corporate vehicle to represent them in the Joint Venture,
and this was reflected in the Plaintiffs’ election to sue SAA in the
Consolidated Suits. The question that arises for my determination is therefore
whether Tan CB and Ong CK were parties to the Joint Venture.

212 The MOU, being the primary document containing the terms of the Joint
Venture, is an appropriate starting point to examine this question. The first
page of the MOU clearly stated that SAA was a party to the Joint Venture. Tan
CB and Ong CK were not named.

213 However, the second page of the MOU stated that:

This memorandum of understanding is made between the following _joint venture
parties_ … [emphasis added]

Tan CB’s and Ong CK’s names and signatures were penned down below that
sentence. The two individuals contended that they were signing as directors on
behalf of SAA but SAA’s name is not stated in the second page as one of the
joint venture parties and there was no indication in the second page that they
were signing on behalf of SAA. Furthermore, the two names and signatures were
not side by side or one below the other. This gave rise to the impression that
they were signing in their individual capacities and not for a joint purpose.

214 As for evidence other than the express words in the MOU itself, the
closing submissions from Rajah and Tann pointed out (at para 124) that the
Plaintiffs had themselves asserted in earlier pleadings and other court
documents that SAA was a party to the MOU.

215 On the other hand, as Johnny Yeo explained,[note: 143] the allocation of
the shares in the Joint Venture was based on 12.5% for each of the Eight
Individuals with Tan CB and Ong CK being two of the Eight Individuals. That is
why the three Plaintiffs had a combined shareholding of 37.5% only. If there
were only seven shareholders with SAA being one shareholder instead of Tan CB
or Ong CK, then how did the Plaintiffs come to hold only 37.5% of the shares?
This was not adequately explained by the SAA Group. It was not sufficient for
Tan CB to simply assert that the SAA Group wanted to be in the majority as
that explanation did not address the actual percentages held by the parties.
Furthermore, as Johnny Yeo explained,[note: 144] it was because there were
eight persons to the Joint Venture that Tan CB and Ong CK signed the second
page of the MOU without any indication on the page that they were signing on
behalf of SAA.

216 I reiterate that it was Ong CK who drafted the MOU. He could not give a
satisfactory explanation as to why SAA was named as a contracting party in the
first page of the MOU but yet Tan CB and he signed on the second page without
any indication that they were signing on behalf of SAA. I also draw an adverse
inference against Ong CK under the _contra proferentem_ rule.

217 On a balance of probabilities, I am of the view that the factors in favour
of the Plaintiffs’ contention outweigh those in favour of the contention of
Tan CB and Ong CK.

218 All things considered, I conclude that Tan CB and Ong CK did enter into
the Joint Venture in their personal capacities and it was they, and not SAA
who were parties to the Joint Venture. SAA may have been the vehicle used by
Tan CB and Ong CK to hold their shares in the JV Companies. I therefore grant
the Plaintiffs leave to join Tan CB and Ong CK as defendants in the reinstated
Consolidated Suits.

Whether Tan Senior and Ong CK could rely on the Plaintiffs’ delay in bringing
them back into litigation to avoid being named as defendants in the reinstated
Consolidated Suits

219 Although Tan Senior was named as a party in the Consolidated Suits, the
Plaintiffs did not continue such action against him after he became bankrupt.
Since he is no longer a bankrupt, the Plaintiffs seek to continue such actions
against him. As for Ong CK, the Plaintiffs wish to add him and Tan CB as
defendants as discussed above. Both Tan Senior and Ong CK pleaded a number of
defences to bar the Plaintiffs from pursuing them in the reinstated
Consolidated Suits, namely, laches, estoppel by conduct and waiver by
election.

Doctrine of laches and doctrine of estoppel by conduct

220 It is not disputed that there was a long delay before the Plaintiffs
joined Tan Senior and Ong CK to the present action in January 2009. For Tan
Senior, the Plaintiffs did not seek leave from the court to continue the
Consolidated Suits against him after he fell into bankruptcy on 29 August
2003, giving rise to a delay of about five years.[note: 145] For Ong CK, he
was never named as a defendant in the Consolidated Suits to begin with since
its commencement in 2002. The delay in Ong CK’s case was therefore about seven
years.

221 Insofar as the doctrines of laches and estoppel are concerned, “prejudice”
or “detriment” is a common element embodied in both doctrines that has to be
satisfied before the defendant can successfully rely on either of them to
defeat a plaintiff’s claim (see _Management Corporation Strata Title Plan No
473 v De Beers Jewellery Pte Ltd_ [2002] 1 SLR(R) 418 at [33] for elements of
doctrine of laches and _Chai Cher Watt (trading as Chuang Aik Engineering
Works) v SDL Technologies Pte Ltd and another appeal_ [2012] 1 SLR 152 (“ _SDL
Technologies_ ”) at [33] for elements of estoppel by conduct). In _Dynasty
Line Ltd (in liquidation) v Sia Sukamto and another_ [2013] 4 SLR 253, Lai Siu
Chiu J rejected the first defendant’s reliance on the doctrine of laches
because he was unable to show he had suffered “significant prejudice” (at
[37]). Here, similarly, neither Ong CK nor Tan Senior has adduced any evidence
of them having suffered such prejudice. In Ong CK’s case, repeated bare
assertions of having suffered a detriment from the delay of seven years were
made without any attempt to furnish evidence or even details of the so-called
detriment.[note: 146] Both Ong CK and Tan Senior also claimed to have lost
certain “documents”.[note: 147] However, no effort was made to elaborate on
what exactly was lost that could have caused them prejudice. It goes without
saying that claims of “prejudice” must be proved; bare assertions of suffering
prejudice could not avail them of the defences. While Ong CK did allude to
having lost his diaries, he did not sufficiently show how this was a source of
prejudice to him. Furthermore, SAA should have its own records or documents
which Ong CK and Tan Senior can rely on.

Waiver by election

222 Tan Senior raised the doctrine of waiver by election as an additional
plank to bolster his defence.[note: 148] While the doctrine of waiver by
election, unlike estoppel by conduct, does not require the defendant to prove
that he has suffered “detriment” or “prejudice”, the defendant nevertheless
must show that the abandonment of a right was communicated in “clear and
unequivocal terms” to him (see _Motor Oil Hellas (Corinth) Refineries SA v
Shipping Corp of India (The “Kanchenjunga”)_ [1990] 1 Lloyd’s Rep 391 at
397–399, endorsed by the Court of Appeal in _SDL Technologies_ at [33]). In
the present case, the Plaintiffs’ failure to apply for leave to continue
proceedings was equivocal at best as to whether they had abandoned their right
to sue him. It seems to me that the Plaintiffs had only suspended any step
they could have taken against him in the light of his bankruptcy. It does not
amount to a representation that was “clear and unequivocal”.

Abuse of process

223 Tan Senior cited the case of _Morris v Wentworth-Stanley_ [1999] 1 QB 1004
(“ _Morris_ ”) which he claimed to stand for the proposition that a plaintiff
who has removed a defendant from proceedings commenced previously cannot,
without at the time reserving the right to sue him/her later, bring a claim
against the same person in a fresh set of proceedings later on. To do so, he
claimed, would amount to an abuse of process.[note: 149]

224 In response, the Plaintiffs argued that _Morris_ can be distinguished from
the present case on the basis that, the plaintiff in that case actively
deleted the name of the person whom the plaintiff sought to commence fresh
proceedings against. Here, no such active steps were taken by the Plaintiffs
and when they eventually realised that they could continue litigation against
Tan Senior despite his bankruptcy, they proceeded to do so.[note: 150]

225 I agree with the Plaintiffs that the case of _Morris_ is distinguishable
on the facts. In _Bradford & Bingley Building Society v Seddon_ [1999] 1 WLR
1482 at 1493, Auld LJ observed that there must be an “additional element”
apart from “re”–litigation before an abuse of process can be found. He went on
to observe that in the case of _Morris_ , Potter LJ had described the
plaintiff’s election to remove the defendant from the earlier proceedings and
subsequent attempts to commence further action as being fraudulent. That was
the “additional element” present in _Morris_. In the present case, I can find
no “additional element” to justify a conclusion that there has been an abuse
of process.

Conclusion

226 For the reasons stated in the foregoing discussion, I dismiss the defences
raised by Tan Senior and Ong CK to avoid being named as defendants in the
underlying Consolidated Suits that have now been reinstated. Put another way,
the Plaintiffs have the right to name them as defendants in the Consolidated
Suits.

Conclusion

227 I summarise the orders that I have made in the preceding sections:

(a) The Consent Order is set aside on the basis of two repudiatory breaches
committed by the Defendants (CO):

(i) a breach of clause 11 of the Consent Order or alternatively a breach of an
implied term of the Consent Order by misappropriating the benefit of the 2007
Head Lease; and

(ii) a breach of clause 5 of the Consent Order by failing to disclose that
they had acquired the 2007 Head Lease.

(b) Even if there was no repudiatory breach committed by the Defendants (CO)
or the judgment of Choo J in SUM 4117 (amended) is _res judicata_ on the
issues of the repudiatory breaches, the Consent Order is still set aside on
the basis that it is inoperative.

(c) The R&T Defendants’ counterclaim that the bidding exercise is to be
proceeded with is dismissed.

(d) As a result of the Consent Order being set aside, the Consolidated Suits
are reinstated.

(e) Tan CB and Ong CK were parties to the Joint Venture.

(f) The Plaintiffs are not precluded from naming Tan Senior and Ong CK as
defendants in the Consolidated Suit.

228 I should also add that in the light of my decision to set aside the
Consent Order, there is no need for me to decide on the residual claim
advanced by the Plaintiffs (_ie_ , claim of breach of fiduciary duty and
conspiracy). As mentioned earlier, the Plaintiffs have indicated in their
closing submissions that they would subsume the residual claim under the
Consolidated Suits should they be reinstated.

Costs

229 I will hear the parties on costs.

Concluding remarks

230 Several important lessons may be gleaned from the obstacles the Plaintiffs
have had to overcome just to put themselves back in the same position as they
were ten years ago when the minority oppression actions (_ie_ , the
Consolidated Suits of OS 1634/02 and S 703/04) were mounted against the
Defendants. In these ten years, multiple actions were filed by both sides over
disputes flowing from the implementation of the Consent Order. It is somewhat
ironic that what was supposed to be a peaceful and cost-efficient way of
resolving the parties’ differences has become the subject of a series of
acrimonious and costly legal battles. These legal battles have, thus far, gone
up to the Court of Appeal a total of three times before the delivery of this
judgment. But even then, this is not the end of the Plaintiffs’ struggles as
there remain thorny issues that need to be resolved if the Plaintiffs wish to
obtain any meaningful reward from their endeavours in the courtroom.

231 In summary, the legal battles expended over the last ten years were
largely a result of the MOU which was poorly drafted and of the Consent Order
which was also not well drafted even though it was drafted by solicitors.
However, the true reason for the disputes was a lack of _bona fides_ on the
part of the Defendants (CO), and of Tan CB and Ong CK.

232 I add that in the course of the trial, Tan CB had said that it was the JV
Companies who had paid for the renovations to the premises at the Site. Yet in
Suit No 51 of 2012, which was an action between a new master tenant, SH Cogent
Logistics Pte Ltd against SAA, Tan CB had alleged that it was SAA who had paid
for the renovations. When Tan CB was asked about this contradiction, he was
evasive.[note: 151] It seems clear that he had perjured himself, one way or
another.

* * *

[note: 1]Tan CB’s AEIC, paras 38–39.

[note: 2]1 AB 108.

[note: 3]1 AB 109.

[note: 4]1 AB 106.

[note: 5]1 AB 113.

[note: 6]PBD vol 4 1003-1005.

[note: 7]Notes of Evidence (“NE”) 24/9/2014, p 22 (TCB’s testimony).

[note: 8]3 AB 782-784.

[note: 9]SOC para 8(viii) (Ong’s shareholding in SAA was through OCK
International Pte Ltd); NE 24/9/2014, pp 17-18, (TCB’s testimony).

[note: 10]30 AB 8785-8786.

[note: 11]NE 3/9/2014, p 40, lines 4-6 (Ong’s testimony).

[note: 12]NE 3/9/2014, p 41 (Ong’s testimony).

[note: 13]TCB’s AEIC, para 6.

[note: 14]NE 16/9/2014, p 16 (THC’s testimony).

[note: 15]TCB’s AEIC, para 3.

[note: 16]TCB’s AEIC, para 19.

[note: 17]NE 16/9/2014, pp 57-60.

[note: 18]NE 21/8/2014, pp 4 and 18 (Yeo’s testimony).

[note: 19]NE 20/8/2014, pp 105-6 (Yeo’s testimony); NE 19/8/2014, pp 51-52
(Yeo’s testimony) referring to Exhibit P2-C, items 5(a) and (b).

[note: 20]NE dated 19/8/2014, p 76 (Yeo’s testimony) referring to Exhibit
P2-C, item (e).

[note: 21]NE dated 17/1/2014, pp 11-15 (Lim’s testimony) referring to
Plaintiffs’ reply to FNBP at PSDB 258.

[note: 22]Yeo’s AEIC, para 40 and para 76.

[note: 23]6 AB 1724.

[note: 24]Yeo’s AEIC, para 76.

[note: 25]Ong’s Defence, para 15, Tan Senior’s Defence, para 4(d), 1-4 and 7
Defendants’ Defence, para 22; NE 19/8/2014, p 107; NE 26/8/2014, p 40; NE
17/9/2014, p 88

[note: 26]NE 20/8/2014, pp 4-5 (Yeo’s testimony).

[note: 27]147DBD 230–231.

[note: 28]2 AB 420–421.

[note: 29]2 AB 412.

[note: 30]2 AB 398.

[note: 31]2 AB 338.

[note: 32]Yeo’s AEIC, p 27; NE 23/1/2014, p 24 (Lim’s Testimony).

[note: 33]3 AB 601.

[note: 34]Yeo’s AEIC, p 27; TCB’s AEIC, para 41 and TCB-7; 147DBD 537.

[note: 35]3 AB 821.

[note: 36]Yeo’s AEIC, YBH-36.

[note: 37]TCB’s AEIC, pp 348-352.

[note: 38]TCB’s AEIC, paras 96-125.

[note: 39]Yeo’s AEIC, pp 73-75 and YBH-57.

[note: 40]OS at 5 AB 1223-1226; SOC at 6 AB 1628.

[note: 41]TCB’s AEIC, para 138.

[note: 42]Writ at 6 AB 1654.

[note: 43]Re-re-amended SOC for OS 1634/02 dated 30 Aug 2005 at 8 AB 2365.
Amended SOC for S 703/04 dated 30 Aug 2005 at 8 AB 2351.

[note: 44]TCAE’s EGM minutes found at 147DBD vol 2 1015-1016; TCB’s AEIC, p
443,TCB 36.

[note: 45]NE 21/1/2014, p 53 (Lim’s testimony).

[note: 46]TCAE’s EGM minutes found at 147DBD vol 2 1015-1016; TCB’s AEIC p
443, TCB-36.

[note: 47]NE 25/9/2014, pp 31-34 (TCB’s testimony).

[note: 48]11 AB 3280.

[note: 49]12 AB 3403.

[note: 50]13 AB 3634.

[note: 51]R&T Defendants’ Defence, para 40.

[note: 52]147DBD 1058.

[note: 53]147DBD 1059.

[note: 54]13 AB 3779-80.

[note: 55]13 AB 3787.

[note: 56]13 AB 3793.

[note: 57]14 AB 4090; Yeo’s AEIC 912.

[note: 58]Yeo’s AEIC 916-926.

[note: 59]TCB’s AEIC at p 698; 15 AB 4553 refers to the unreported version of
the judgment: [2008] SGHC 93.

[note: 60]16 AB 4534.

[note: 61]16 AB 4712.

[note: 62]SOC (pre-amendment), para 53.

[note: 63]26 AB 7846.

[note: 64]Revised SOC, para 39.

[note: 65]Revised SOC, para 72(ii).

[note: 66]NE 21/1/2014, pp 61-71 (Lim’s testimony).

[note: 67]Revised SOC, para 35.

[note: 68]Plaintiffs’ closing submissions, paras 332–334.

[note: 69]Revised SOC, para 50(i); Plaintiffs’ closing submissions,paras 373
to 385.

[note: 70]Revised SOC, para 50(ii).

[note: 71]R&T Defendants’ Defence and Counterclaim (Amendment No. 2), para 22.

[note: 72]R&T Defendants’ Defence, para 9.

[note: 73]R&T Defendants’ closing submissions, para 140.

[note: 74]R&T Defendants’ Defence, para 8.

[note: 75]R&T Defendants’ closing submissions, paras 316–319.

[note: 76]R&T Defendants’ Defence, para 49.

[note: 77]R&T Defendants’ closing submissions, para 250.

[note: 78]R&T Defendants’ closing submissions, paras 277-279.

[note: 79]SOC para 41(a); NE 7/8/2014, p 90 (Mr Tan).

[note: 80]Revised SOC, para 41(b)(iv).

[note: 81]AEIC of Timothy James Reid, 5/10/2012.

[note: 82]Revised SOC, paras 41(b)(ii) and (iii).

[note: 83]Revised SOC, paras 54-56.

[note: 84]R&T Defendants’ closing submissions, paras 220-222.

[note: 85]R&T Defendants’ closing submissions, para 225.

[note: 86]R&T Defendants’ Defence, para 45.

[note: 87]R&T Defendants’ closing submissions, paras 256 and 271.

[note: 88]Tan Senior’s Defence, para 3.

[note: 89]Plaintiffs’ closing submissions, para 603.

[note: 90]SOC, para 72(iii).

[note: 91]Tan Senior’s Defence, para 9(d).

[note: 92]Ong CK’s Defence, para 38.

[note: 93]Plaintiffs’ closing submissions, para 602.

[note: 94]TCB’s AEIC at p 698; 15 AB 4553 refers to the neutral citation
version: [2008] SGHC 93.

[note: 95]R&T Defendants’ closing submissions, para 368.

[note: 96]Re-re-amended Statement of Claim, 30/8/2005, para 13(vii) at 8 AB
2370.

[note: 97]R&T Defendants’ closing submissions, para 348.

[note: 98]1 AB 109

[note: 99]1 AB 106

[note: 100]1 AB 108.

[note: 101]NE 24/9/2014, p 8, lines 6-15; p 9, lines 1-9; p 10, lines 6-10
(Tan CB).

[note: 102]NE 3/9/2014, p 83, lines 24-25; p 110, lines 22-25; p 114-119.

[note: 103]NE 24/9/2014, pp 84-88.

[note: 104]See _eg_ , 2AB 371; 2AB 379; 3AB 662 and 3AB 844.

[note: 105]NE 5/8/2014, p 38 (lines 14-17) and NE 19/8/2014, pp 79-82.

[note: 106]R&T Defendants’ closing submissions, para 81.

[note: 107]R&T Defendants’ closing submissions, para 82.

[note: 108]R&T Defendants’ closing submissions, para 86.

[note: 109]R&T Defendants’ closing submissions, para 88.

[note: 110]R&T Defendants’ closing submissions, para 89.

[note: 111]R&T Defendants’ closing submissions, para 93; 14 AB 4179.

[note: 112]R&T Defendants’ closing submissions, paras 179-180.

[note: 113]11 AB 3090.

[note: 114]NE 25/9/2014, p 94 (line 24) – p 97 (line 17).

[note: 115]NE 26/9/2014, p 22 (line 4) – p 28 (line 9).

[note: 116]Plaintiffs’ closing submissions, para 338.

[note: 117]Revised SOC, para 34(iv).

[note: 118]R&T Defendants’ closing submissions, para 381.

[note: 119]Plaintiffs’ reply closing submissions, p 90.

[note: 120]R&T Defendants’ closing submissions, para 362.

[note: 121]R&T Defendants’ further closing submissions, para 45–46.

[note: 122]Plaintiffs’ further reply submissions, para 6.

[note: 123]Statement of Claim (Amendment No. 2), 18/2/2011, para 50(i),
Plaintiffs’ Setting-Down Bundle, p 91.

[note: 124]Plaintiffs’ closing submissions, paras 373-385.

[note: 125]11 AB 3285.

[note: 126]Plaintiffs’ closing submissions, para 11(c).

[note: 127]R&T Defendants’ closing submissions, paras 209-215.

[note: 128]Plaintiffs’ closing submissions, para 443.

[note: 129]Plaintiffs’ closing submissions, para 444.

[note: 130]NE 2/9/2014, p 39 (line 19) to p 40 (line 20).

[note: 131]R&T Defendants’ closing submissions, paras 220-222.

[note: 132]Plaintiffs’ closing submissions, paras 470–480.

[note: 133]NE 29/9/2014, p 74 (lines 24-25) to p 75 (lines 1-23).

[note: 134]R&T Defendants’ closing submissions, para 256.

[note: 135]Plaintiffs’ closing submissions, paras 389-391.

[note: 136]12 AB 3611.

[note: 137]Plaintiffs’ closing submissions, paras 388-418.

[note: 138]NE 22/8/2014, p 5 (lines 18-25) and p 6 (lines 1-16).

[note: 139]NE 13/8/2014, p 27 (lines 7-25); p 28 (lines 1-14).

[note: 140]NE 13/8/2014, p 10 (lines 12-25) to p 11 (lines 1-15).

[note: 141]15 AB 4363.

[note: 142]Plaintiffs’ closing submissions, para 419.

[note: 143]NE 21/8/2014, p 60 (lines 3–13).

[note: 144]NE 21/8/2014, p 59 (lines 4–20) .

[note: 145]NE 20/8/2014, p 47 (lines 16-21) (Johnny Yeo).

[note: 146]8th Defendant’s reply to plaintiffs’ closing submissions, paras
288-304.

[note: 147]5th Defendant’s closing submissions, para 59; 8th Defendant’s reply
to plaintiffs’ closing submissions, para 116.

[note: 148]5th Defendant’s closing submissions, paras 61-64.

[note: 149]5th Defendant’s closing submissions, paras 53-57.

[note: 150]Plaintiffs’ reply closing submissions, p 97.

[note: 151]NE 26/9/2014, p 100(line 5) – p 103(line 22).

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 06 Aug 2015 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

