Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Chan Tin Sun _v_ Fong Quay Sim  
[2015] SGCA 2

Case Number| :| Civil Appeal No 87 of 2014  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 15 January 2015  
Tribunal/Court| :| Court of Appeal  
Coram| :|  Sundaresh Menon CJ; Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA; Judith Prakash J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  N Sreenivasan SC and Stuart A Palmer (Straits Law
Practice LLC) for the appellant; Wong Chai Kin (Wong Chai Kin) for the
respondent.  
Parties| :|  Chan Tin Sun — Fong Quay Sim  
  
[**LawNet Editorial Note** : The decision from which this appeal arose is
reported at [2014] 3 SLR 945.]

15 January 2015|  
---|---  
  
Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA (delivering the grounds of decision of the court):

1 This is an appeal by the ex-husband (“the Husband”) against the decision of
the Judge below (in _Chan Tin Sun v Fong Quay Sim_ [2014] 3 SLR 945 (“the
Judgment”)) to award his former wife (“the Wife”) a 42% share of the
matrimonial assets – 35% based on a just and equitable division of the
matrimonial assets with a further 7% uplift after drawing an adverse inference
against the Husband for concealing assets.

2 This was a wholly unexceptional case, save in one (perhaps paradoxically)
startling respect – the Husband had been systematically poisoned by the Wife
with arsenic between 2004 and 2005. In due course, the Wife was convicted for
causing hurt to the Husband under s 328 of the Penal Code (Cap 224, 1985 Rev
Ed) (“the Penal Code”) and was sentenced to one year’s imprisonment.

3 On 12 November 2014, we heard the parties and allowed the appeal. We now set
out the detailed grounds for our decision.

Facts

4 The Husband and Wife were married on 29 March 1977. The Husband is presently
74 years old and the Wife is 72 years old. They have one son from the marriage
(“the Son”), now aged 36. The Son is presently working as a veterinarian in
Hong Kong and has been living there since 2005.

5 Throughout the marriage, the Wife was a full time housewife. The Husband
worked as a contractor.

Events leading up to the divorce

6 The Husband started to feel very ill and was admitted to Changi General
Hospital several times between August 2005 and September 2006. Upon his
readmission in October 2006, he was diagnosed to be suffering from chronic
arsenic poisoning. A police report was filed by Changi General Hospital on 29
November 2006.

7 Following police investigations, it came to light that the Husband had been
systematically poisoned by the Wife between 2004 and 2005. On 27 May 2010, the
Wife was sentenced to one year’s imprisonment for causing hurt to the Husband,
an offence under s 328 of the Penal Code, by adding arsenic, in the form of
powdered insecticide into his food (see _PP v Fong Quay Sim_ [2010] SGDC 189
and _PP v Fong Quay Sim_ [2010] SGDC 224 for the decisions of the District
Court on liability and sentence, respectively). Her appeal against her
conviction and sentence was dismissed in _Fong Quay Sim v PP_ [2011] SGHC 187.

The divorce proceedings

8 The Husband filed for divorce on 15 April 2011 on the ground of the Wife’s
unreasonable behaviour. The Wife filed a counterclaim alleging the Husband’s
unreasonable behaviour as a ground for divorce. She alleged that the Husband
had neglected her and had also verbally abused her throughout their marriage
to the extent that she was diagnosed to be suffering from Depressive Disorder
and Generalised Anxiety Disorder.

9 On 15 December 2011, the Family Court granted an interim judgment of divorce
to both the Husband and the Wife on their claim and counterclaim respectively.
The hearing of the ancillary matters was held on 12 May 2014 in the High Court
as the net value of the matrimonial assets was $2,101,155.53, comprising:

Matrimonial Asset |  Value ($)  
---|---  
Monies paid into Court following the sale of 30 Dafne Street, Singapore |  1,906,085.44  
Husband’s CPF Account Ordinary Account Medisave Account Special Account |  238.22 1,500.06 12.12  
Wife’s CPF Account Ordinary account Medisave account Retirement account |  83.04 21.61 0  
Husband’s OCBC Easisave Account No. XXXXXXXX9001 (“OCBC Easisave Account”) |  192,892.85  
Wife’s DBS Savings Account No. XXXXXX1784 (“DBS Savings Account”) |  322.19  
**Total value of matrimonial assets** |  **2,101,155.53**  
  
  

10 The Wife did not dispute the items listed in the preceding paragraph but
submitted that the Husband had failed to make full and frank disclosure by
concealing some of his assets.

Decision below

11 As only the decision of the Judge in respect of the division of matrimonial
assets was appealed against, only that part of the Judgment will be
summarised.

12 On the evidence, the Judge found that the Wife did contribute financially
towards the education of the Son and also made significant non-financial
contributions towards the family. He rejected the Husband’s contention that
the Wife’s act of poisoning him negated all her indirect contributions such
that she should not obtain any share in the matrimonial assets. He also
rejected the Husband’s contention that the court should reduce the Wife’s
share in the matrimonial assets to reflect its disapproval of her actions in
poisoning him.

13 However, the Judge found that the Wife’s poisoning of the Husband had a
direct and significant impact on her indirection contributions in the form of
her caregiver role _vis-à-vis_ the Husband from 2004 onwards. He also noted
that the Son had graduated in 2004 and had begun working and looking after
himself. The Judge therefore held that the Wife’s indirect contributions
towards the family were drastically reduced from 2004 onwards. However, he
rejected the Husband’s submissions that the Wife’s indirect contributions came
to an end in 2004 since she continued to keep the household in order and pay
for other miscellaneous household expenses.

14 The Judge found that the Husband had failed to make full and frank
disclosure in respect of $704,904.03 out of the total sum of $832,737.50 that
was withdrawn from the OCBC Easisave Account for the period between 23
November 2009 and 16 July 2012. Drawing an adverse inference against the
Husband, the Judge awarded the Wife an additional 7% share of the matrimonial
assets over and above the 35% share of the matrimonial assets he had already
awarded her on the basis of her contributions.

15 The final division of the matrimonial assets was therefore in the
proportion of 58:42 in favour of the Husband. The Judge ordered that the Wife
receive 42% of the following matrimonial assets:

(a) money paid into court following the sale of 30 Dafne Street amounting to
$1,906,085.44; and

(b) the sum of $192,892.85 in the Husband’s OCBC Easisave Account.

It was also ordered that each party retain the monies in his or her respective
CPF accounts and that the Wife retain the money in her DBS Savings Account.

The respective cases

16 On appeal, the Husband contended that the Judge had erred in:

(a) failing to adequately consider the extreme and undisputed nature of the
Wife’s misconduct in determining the just and equitable division of the
matrimonial assets;

(b) finding that the Wife’s contributions to the family did not come entirely
to an end in 2004;

(c) failing to adequately take into account the Husband’s financial needs, in
terms of added medical expenses and physical disabilities which were a direct
result of the Wife’s misconduct; and

(d) drawing an adverse inference against the Husband for failing to make full
and frank disclosure in respect of $704,904.03 withdrawn from the OCBC
Easisave Account.

17 The Wife, on the other hand, contended as follows:

(a) Her act of poisoning the Husband should not negate all her contributions
made to the family during the 34 years of marital union such that she receives
no share of the matrimonial assets as it would be tantamount to punishing her
twice for the same act.

(b) The proportion of 35% ordered as her share of the matrimonial assets was
already on the low and conservative side. The Judge had further taken into
consideration the consequences of her misconduct, _ie_ , the Husband’s poor
health and future healthcare needs, in awarding her a low lump sum maintenance
amount.

(c) The Judge did not err in drawing an adverse inference against the Husband
for his failure to make full and frank disclosure of the large sum of money he
withdrew from the OCBC Easisave Account.

Issues before this court

18 There were two main issues before us:

(a) Whether the Judge had erred in finding that it was just and equitable in
the circumstances to award the Wife a 35% share of the matrimonial assets.

(b) Whether the Judge had erred in drawing an adverse inference against the
Husband and awarding the Wife an additional 7% share of the matrimonial assets
over and above the 35% share already awarded.

Our decision

Division of the matrimonial assets

19 It should be emphasised from the outset that an appellate court will not
interfere in the division orders made by the judge below unless it can be
demonstrated that the judge had erred in law or had clearly exercised his
discretion wrongly or had taken into account irrelevant considerations or
failed to take into account relevant considerations (see, for example, the
decision of this court in _Yeo Chong Lin v Tay Ang Choo Nancy and another
appeal_ [2011] 2 SLR 1157 (“ _Yeo Chong Lin_ ”) at [80]).

The parties’ conduct during the marriage

20 The question of whether and how the Wife’s (mis)conduct of poisoning the
Husband should be taken into consideration in determining what would be a just
and equitable division of the matrimonial assets formed the crux of this
appeal. We consider first the relevant legal principles that are generally
applicable before applying them to the specific facts of the present case.

21 As this court recognised in _NK v NL_ [2007] 3 SLR(R) 743 (“ _NK v NL_ ”)
(at [20]), the court’s power to order the division of matrimonial assets under
s 112 of the Women’s Charter (Cap 353, 2009 Rev Ed) (“the Act”) is founded on
the prevailing ideology of marriage as an equal co-operative partnership of
efforts for mutual benefit. This characterisation of a marriage is supported
by s 46(1) of the Act, which states “the husband and the wife shall be
mutually bound to co-operate with each other in safeguarding the interests of
the union and in caring and providing for the children”. Thus in _NK v NL_ ,
we observed (at [20]) that:

… The contributions of both spouses are equally recognised whether he or she
concentrates on the economics or homemaking roles, as both roles must be
performed equally well if the marriage is to flourish. When the marriage
breaks up, these contributions are translated into economic assets in the
distribution according to s 112(2) of the Act.

22 The starting point for any division of matrimonial assets is s 112(1) of
the Act, which confers a broad discretion on the court to divide the
matrimonial assets “in such proportions as the court thinks just and
equitable”. Section 112(2) of the Act enumerates a list of factors to be
considered to assist the court in deciding whether and how to exercise the
discretion conferred by s 112(1) of the Act. We note that s 112(2) of the Act
does not expressly include the conduct of parties as a matter that the court
should have regard to. However, the enumerated factors are clearly _not
exhaustive_ and are ultimately subject to the overriding direction in s 112(2)
of the Act that the just and equitable division has to be made having “regard
to all the circumstances of the case”. Put simply, the court is not precluded
by the Act from considering the conduct of the parties in exercising its power
to order the division.

23 However, it is _not_ the case that the conduct of parties should _always_
be taken into account in determining what would be a just and equitable
division of the matrimonial assets. As this court observed in _NK v NL_ (at
[12]):

In light of our current “no fault” basis of divorce law, _it would serve no
purpose to dwell on the question of who did what, save where there might be a
direct impact on the legal issues proper_ … The salutary objectives sought to
be achieved by the ancillary orders of division of matrimonial assets … remain
paramount in guiding our review of the Judge’s ancillary orders. [emphasis
added]

This court further observed thus (at [28]):

… _[I]t is essential that the courts resist the temptation to lapse into a
minute scrutiny of the conduct and efforts of both spouses_ … it would be
counterproductive to try and particularise each party’s respective
contribution … [emphasis added]

24 The question of when a spouse’s misconduct could be taken into
consideration came before this court in _AQS v AQR_ [2012] SGCA 3 (“ _AQS_ ”).
In _AQS_ , the judge below had awarded the wife no share of the matrimonial
assets on the grounds that the wife’s character flaws and misconduct made her
husband’s marriage to her “a misery” and that her role as mother and wife left
much to be desired. On appeal, this court reiterated as follows (at [39]):

… [W]hile we note that divorce is no longer based on fault, conduct of the
parties in relation to the family is nevertheless a relevant consideration in
the division of matrimonial assets. … _But the court should be conscious of
the need to exercise caution when confronted with allegations of this nature
made by one spouse against the other._ … _To find a wife, a full-time home-
maker, particularly where there are children, to have made zero contributions
to the family, the facts must be extreme and also undisputed_. Where parties
were clearly in a highly acrimonious relationship and they have alleged
various counts of misconduct against each other, _the court should not be too
ready to sift through the facts and evidence in order to assign relative blame
for the purposes of dividing matrimonial assets._ [emphasis added]

25 The aforementioned cases emphasise and reiterate the point that the hearing
of the ancillaries is _not_ intended to be another forum for parties to dredge
up accusations and allegations relating to each other’s conduct. The court is
not equipped to scrutinise the conduct of the parties to assign blame, nor
should it be so in light of the no-fault basis of divorce embodied within the
Act. In the premises, the court only ought to have regard to conduct that is
both _extreme_ (_ie_ , manifestly serious) and _undisputed_ in exercising its
powers under s 112(1) of the Act.

26 Assuming that regard ought to be had to the misconduct, _how_ should the
court exercise its discretion in this particular regard? In his submissions
before us, the Husband’s counsel, Mr N Sreenivasan SC (“Mr Sreenivasan”),
sought to characterise the Wife’s conduct of poisoning the Husband as a
“negative (indirect) contribution” to the marriage and urged the court to
ascribe a negative value it. In response, the Wife’s counsel, Ms Wong Chai Kin
(“Ms Wong”), contended that doing so would be tantamount to punishing the Wife
twice over for the same conduct (since she had already served her sentence of
imprisonment).

27 In our view, we see no objection, _in principle_ , to ascribing a negative
value to a spouse’s misconduct. As mentioned at the very outset, the
prevailing ideology is that of marriage as an equal co-operative partnership
of efforts for the mutual benefit of both spouses. It is for this reason that
the courts have consistently reiterated the need to give full credit and value
to _both_ the direct and indirect contributions of spouses to the marriage,
even where the latter might be incapable of being measured in precise
financial terms (see, for example, the decisions of this court in _Lock Yeng
Fun v Chua Hock Chye_ [2007] 3 SLR(R) 520 (“ _Lock Yeng Fun_ ”) at [39]; _NK v
NL_ at [34]; as well as _BCB v BCC_ [2013] 2 SLR 324 (“ _BCB v BCC_ ”) at [11]
and [27]). Further, the exhortation for the courts to have regard to
contributions made by each party to the welfare of the family has also been
put on a statutory footing in s 112(2)(_d_) of the Act. In the converse
situation where a spouse not only fails to contribute to the partnership of
efforts that is the marriage, but also engages in conduct that fundamentally
undermines the co-operative partnership and harms the welfare of the other,
the same reasoning would apply and a _negative_ value could plausibly be
ascribed to such conduct.

28 We agreed with Ms Wong that the court’s power to divide the matrimonial
assets between former spouses was never intended to serve a punitive function.
It is therefore crucial to emphasise that, in ascribing a negative value to
such conduct, the court is _not_ seeking to punish the wrongdoing spouse.
Rather the court does so as part of the exercise of valuing the spouse’s
contribution to the marriage. Further, we also emphasise that no one factor
should be determinative in respect of a just and equitable division of the
matrimonial assets. Section 112(2) of the Act does not prescribe the weight
that should be attributed to each factor or how each factor should be regarded
as against another factor. As we cautioned in _NK v NL_ (at [29]), “it is
paramount that courts do not focus merely on a direct and indirect
contributions dichotomy in arriving at a just and equitable division of
matrimonial assets”. In our judgment, various factors, including those
enumerated in s 112(2) of the Act, must be duly assessed and considered in a
holistic manner, subject to the overriding direction to the court to come to a
just and equitable division of the matrimonial assets having regard to all the
circumstances of the case, _ie_ , by applying what has often been referred to
as the broad-brush approach (see, for example, the decision of this court in
_NK v NL_ and _BCB v BCC_).

29 We pause to note, at this juncture, that the relevant _English_ authorities
are indeed consistent with the approach that we have proffered above and they
can be referred to as precedents that could possibly be followed (depending on
the facts and context of the case concerned). However, given the difference in
views between the parties in the present appeal as to the relevance and
applicability of these authorities, it is to that (preliminary) issue that our
attention must first turn before proceeding to discuss some of the more
relevant English decisions alluded to at the commencement of this paragraph.

The English authorities

(1) General principles

30 Whilst Mr Sreenivasan sought to use several English authorities to buttress
his case, Ms Wong had contended that little weight should be placed on these
authorities as the relevant English provisions, _viz_ , ss 24 and 25 of the
Matrimonial Causes Act 1973 (c 18) (UK) (“the UK Act”), are not equivalent to
s 112 of the Act. Section 24 of the UK Act confers on the court the power to
“adjust” property holding between spouses. Section 25 of the UK Act sets out
the matters which the court is to have regard to in deciding how to exercise
its powers under s 24 of the UK Act.

31 Ms Wong directed our attention to s 25(2)(_g_) of the UK Act, which
expressly provides that the court shall, in exercising their power under s 24
of the UK Act, have particular regard to “the conduct of each of the parties,
if that conduct is such that it would in the opinion of the court be
inequitable to disregard it”. The effect of this provision is that the English
courts should _not_ take into account the conduct of the parties unless it is
inequitable for them to disregard it (see the House of Lords decision of
_Miller v Miller and McFarlane v McFarlane_ [2006] 2 AC 618 (“ _Miller_ ”) at
[65], _per_ Lord Nicholls of Birkenhead). Such an express provision, she
contended, is absent from our Act.

32 Whilst a _purely literal_ construction of the relevant statutory provisions
in both England and Singapore appeared, at first blush, to support Ms Wong’s
argument, we note, however, that she accepted (correctly, in our view) that
the language of s 112(2) of the Act was broad enough to include spouses’
conduct as a factor that the court could have regard to in determining a just
and equitable division of the matrimonial assets (see above at [22]). In any
event, the approach of the English courts in determining _when_ the courts are
to have regard to the conduct of the respective spouses approximates – in
_substance_ – our own (see above at [23]–[25]). The English courts have been
slow to consider the conduct of the parties except in cases where the conduct
is “both obvious and gross” (see the English Court of Appeal decision of
_Wachtel v Wachtel_ [1973] Fam 72 (“ _Wachtel_ ”) at 90). This strict
criterion was subsequently approved and applied in numerous decisions (see,
for example, the House of Lords decision in _Miller_ at [61], _per_ Lord
Nicholls, and at [145], _per_ Baroness Hale)).

33 Having regard to their seminal importance, the following oft-quoted
observations by Lord Denning MR in _Wachtel_ (at 90) merits quotation in full:

It has been suggested that there should be a “discount” or “reduction” in what
the wife is to receive because of her supposed misconduct, guilt or blame
(whatever word is used). We cannot accept this argument. In the vast majority
of cases it is repugnant to the principles underlying the new legislation, and
in particular the Act of 1969 [which, like the Act in Singapore, relates to
divorce based on the irretrievable breakdown of the marriage, thus carrying no
stigma as such]. There will be many cases in which a wife (though once
considered guilty or blameworthy) will have cared for the home and looked
after the family for very many years. Is she to be deprived of the benefit
otherwise to be accorded to her by section 5 (1) (_f_) because she may share
responsibility for the breakdown with her husband? There will no doubt be a
residue of cases where the conduct of one of the parties is in the judge’s
[Ormrod J’s] words ante, p. 80C-D, “** _both obvious and gross_** ,” so much
so that to order one party to support another whose conduct falls into this
category is **_repugnant to anyone’s sense of justice_**. In such a case the
court remains free to decline to afford financial support or to reduce the
support which it would otherwise have ordered. But, short of cases falling
into this category, the court should not reduce its order for financial
provision merely because of what was formerly regarded as guilt or blame. To
do so would be to impose a fine for supposed misbehaviour in the course of an
unhappy married life. Mr. Ewbank disputed this and claimed that it was but
justice that a wife should suffer for her supposed misbehaviour. We do not
agree. Criminal justice often requires the imposition of financial and indeed
custodial penalties. But in the financial adjustments consequent upon the
dissolution of a marriage which has irretrievably broken down, the imposition
of financial penalties ought seldom to find a place. [emphasis added in bold
italics]

34 The spouses’ conduct which the English courts will have regard to has been
described by Sir Roger Ormrod in the English Court of Appeal decision of _Hall
v Hall_ [1984] FLR 631 (“ _Hall_ ”) at 632 as conduct having “nothing to do
with the ordinary run of fighting and quarrelling in an unhappy marriage”. In
the English High Court decision of _W v W (Financial Provision: Lump Sum)_
[1976] Fam 107 at 110, Sir George Baker P referred to this as the sort of
conduct which would “cause the ordinary mortal to throw up his hands and say,
‘Surely … [that spouse] is not going to get a full award’”.

35 It bears emphasising that the strict approach set out in _Wachtel_ (see
above at [32] and [33]) continues to apply even though the present English
position is (as noted above at [31]) ostensibly _statutory_ in nature.
Pertinently, as has been pointed out in one of the leading textbooks on
English family law, although the present version of s 25(2)(_g_) of the UK Act
appeared (after the amendment effected by the Matrimonial and Family
Proceedings Act 1984 (c 42) (UK) (“the 1984 amendments”)) to have “given
greater statutory emphasis” to the _conduct_ of each of the parties, there
was, however, “no change in practice” (see N V Lowe & G Douglas, _Bromley’s
Family Law_ (Oxford University Press, 10th ed, 2007) (“ _Bromley_ ”) at p
1048). As Lord Nicholls emphasised in _Miller_ at [65], the statutory
criterion in s 25(2)(_g_) is a strict one and spouses’ conduct should not be
taken into account in all but the most exceptional cases.

36 The approach set out in _Wachtel_ is of particular importance in the
context of the present appeal inasmuch as it _corresponds_ , in our view, to
the _attitudinal (as well as substantive)_ approach that applies in the
_Singapore_ context (see above at [23]–[25]). Indeed, it should be noted that
_Wachtel_ was in fact applied in at least one Singapore decision – the High
Court decision of _Tan Bee Giok v Loh Kum Yong_ [1996] 1 SLR(R) 130. In our
judgment, there is no reason in principle or logic why English case law (in
respect of the issue of _when_ regard should be had of the parties’ conduct)
ought not to apply in the Singapore context as well _– especially when the
overriding consideration is, in_** _both_** _jurisdictions, that of_**
_equitability_**.

(2) Do the apparent (general) differences matter?

37 That having been said, there appear (in addition to the _particular_
difference in statutory language already referred to above in respect of s
25(2)(_g_) of the UK Act) to be more fundamental (albeit _general_)
differences between our Act and the UK Act – in particular, in the underlying
philosophy with respect to the division of matrimonial assets in the
respective jurisdictions. However, as we shall explain in a moment, the
differences are now far less significant and, more importantly, the _specific_
analysis in the relevant English decisions themselves is not only consistent
with the general approach under s 112 of the Act but is also persuasive from
the more general perspective of logic and commonsense.

38 Turning to the differences alluded to in the preceding paragraph, unlike s
112 of the Act, which expressly articulates the purpose of the exercise of the
power to order division, _ie_ , the just and equitable division of the
matrimonial assets, neither s 24 nor s 25 of the UK Act articulates any
express _purpose_ with regard to the exercise of that power in the English
context. Section 25 of the UK Act, which in its present form is (as already
mentioned) a result of amendments introduced by the 1984 amendments, sets out
the considerations the court should have regard to in exercising its powers
under s 24 of the UK Act; in particular, it instructs the courts to give
“first consideration” to the interests of any child of the marriage who is
under eighteen and take into account a wide range of factors (including the
age of the parties and the length of their marriage) but does not give any
specific guidance as to the manner in which these factors should be taken into
account.

39 The absence of any express articulation of the _purpose_ of the court’s
power in s 24 of the UK Act must be viewed against the backdrop of the UK’s “
_separation_ ” of property regime, _viz_ , that property is regarded as having
been acquired only by the spouse who paid for it. Law reform commissions have
consistently _rejected_ the concept of “community of property” (deferred or
otherwise): see, for example, the Royal Commission on Marriage and Divorce,
_Report_ (Cmd 9678, 1956) (Chairman, Baron Morton of Harrington) at paras
650–653; _First Report on Family Property_ (Law Com No 52, 1973) at paras
46–60; and _Family Law: Matrimonial Property_ (Law Com No 175, 1988) at para
3.6. The effect of this is significant; as has been observed in Leong Wai Kum,
“Division of Matrimonial Assets: Recent Cases and Thoughts for Reform” [1993]
SJLS 351 at 353:

This means that the efforts of the spouse who was the homemaker or who
continued to work but subordinated his or her career, development to cater to
the needs of the family will continue [to] be undervalued. He or, more likely,
she will have earned little or nothing and probably contributed nothing in
money to the purchase of property. The consequence is that he or she will not
be regarded as having contributed to the property through his or her
particular efforts.

The learned author further observed that the power of the court under s 24 of
the UK Act to “adjust” the property holding between spouses affirms this
“separation” regime. Put simply, therefore, the exercise of the power under s
24 of the UK Act has not been (at least in statute) related to the view of
spouses as discharging different but equally valuable roles during marriage. A
_contrast_ should be drawn with Singapore where this court has recognised that
the concept of “deferred community of property” is “the very basis upon which
s 112 of the Act was premised” (see _Lock Yeng Fun_ at [40]).

40 As a result of the lack of any expressly articulated purpose of the power
conferred in s 24 of the UK Act, in the cases that followed the 1984
amendments, it became common for the English courts to focus on the factor of
“financial needs, obligations and responsibilities” of each of the parties
subsumed under a judicially developed concept of “reasonable requirement”,
“whereby the court’s appraisal of a claimant wife’s reasonable requirements
has been treated as a determinative, and limiting, factor on the amount of the
award which should be made in her favour” (see, in this regard Lord Nicholls’s
analysis of the genesis of this development in the House of Lords decision of
_White v White_ [2001] 1 AC 596 (“ _White_ ”) at 607–608). Such an approach is
clearly _contrary_ to our own approach in respect of the division of
matrimonial assets.

41 Nevertheless, we accept that the English approach to the division of
matrimonial assets has _more closely approximated our own in recent years_
following the decision of the House of Lords in _White_ , which was
subsequently approved in _Miller_. In _White_ , Lord Nicholls criticised (at
609) the aforementioned development of court practice to treat the “reasonable
requirements” of spouses as being determinative of the award received and
observed that, in doing so, the courts have departed from the statutory
provisions, _viz_ , s 25 of the UK Act. More significantly, Lord Nicholls
opined that the defining principle that should guide the courts is that of
_fairness_ (giving first consideration to the welfare of the children) and
sought to relate it to the following (at 605):

… Typically, a husband and wife share the activities of earning money, running
their home and caring for their children … But whatever the division of labour
chosen by the husband and wife, or forced upon them by circumstances, fairness
requires that this should not prejudice or advantage either party when
considering paragraph (_f_), relating to the parties’ contributions … If, in
their different spheres, each contributed equally to the family, then in
principle it matters not which of them earned the money and built up the
assets. There should be no bias in favour of the money-earner and against the
home-maker and the child-carer. …

Having suggested fairness as the defining principle, Lord Nicholls went on to
suggest (at 605) that there should be a yardstick of equality of division, in
that “equality should be departed from only if, and to the extent that, there
is good reason for doing so” and such good reason is articulated; however, he
also emphasised that this yardstick was _not_ a presumption or a starting
point of equal division. At this juncture, a _caveat_ (as articulated in the
Singapore case law) ought to be noted – that there is neither a presumption
nor a yardstick of equal division (see generally _Lock Yeng Fun_ at [50]–[58]
(and where _White_ is also commented upon at [51]–[52])).

42 Returning to the English case law (and, in particular, an important point
in the context of the present appeal), it would thus appear that the post-
_White_ approach to claims for financial provision on divorce in England and
Wales does bear some of the hallmarks of a regime based on the deferred
community of property (see, for example, Leong Wai Kum, “The Laws in Singapore
and England Affecting Spouses’ Property on Divorce” [2001] SJLS 19 at p 40 and
Elizabeth Cooke _et al_ , _Community of Property: A regime for England and
Wales?_ (The Nuffield Foundation, 2006) at p 28). However, it should be
reiterated that the respective positions in England and Singapore are _not
wholly_ coincident with each other. For example, Baroness Hale took pains to
emphasise in _Miller_ (at [151]) that, “we do not yet have a system of
community of property, whether full or deferred”. Moreover, as already note
above (at [41]), this court has emphatically rejected any reference to the
concept of equal division as propounded in _White_ (see _Lock Yeng Fun_ at
[51]–[52]).

(3) The specific analysis

43 Nevertheless, even though the respective _general_ positions in England and
Singapore are still somewhat different, these differences do _not_ impact the
more _specific_ analysis _vis-à-vis_ the role of the _conduct_ of the parties.
We therefore turn to consider a few decisions where one spouse committed a
_criminal offence_ against the other.

44 _Bromley_ summarises the legal position well, as follows (at p 1049):

Where one spouse commits a criminal offence against the other, conduct,
_unsurprisingly_ , will be taken into account. [emphasis added]

45 In the English High Court decision of _Bateman v Bateman_ [1979] Fam 25,
the court took into account the wife’s conduct consisting in violence which
culminated in two serious wounding attacks on the husband as well as the
undermining of his position at work with his superiors and her damaging
attitude towards him and his career. Similarly, the wife’s conduct of stabbing
the husband in the abdomen with a knife in the course of an altercation was
taken into consideration by the English Court of Appeal in _Hall_.

46 In the English Court of Appeal decision of _Kyte v Kyte_ [1988] Fam 145
(which _Bromley_ describes (at p 1049) as “[p]erhaps the leading authority”),
the husband suffered from depression and was suicidal as well as
unpredictable. He did attempt to commit suicide once but was rescued by the
wife. However, there were other suicide attempts approximately a year later.
On one such occasion, the wife in fact _assisted_ the husband in committing
suicide and did not dissuade him from doing so. More significantly, the wife
had (unbeknownst to the husband) already begun an association with another man
by that time and had wanted to set up home with him whilst benefiting as much
as she could materially from the husband. Given such motivation, it is not
surprising that the court found that the wife’s conduct ought to be taken into
account within the meaning of s 25(2)(_g_) of the UK Act. Purchas LJ (with
whom Nicholls and Russell LJJ agreed) observed thus (at 156):

I have, reluctantly, come to the conclusion that the judge was wrong to have
reversed the registrar on the findings of conduct. The test as to conduct
which the registrar set for himself is as apt an interpretation of the phrase
“inequitable to ignore it” that I can readily envisage. The conduct of the
wife not only in actively assisting or, alternatively, taking no steps to
prevent the husband’s attempts at suicide in the presence of the motive of
gain which the registrar found on ample evidence to be established, together
with her wholly deceitful conduct in relation to her association with Gregory,
would amount to conduct of a gross and obvious kind which would have fallen
within the concept under the old law and, in my judgment, could certainly
render it inequitable to ignore it even against the conduct of the husband
which contributed to the unhappy conditions which existed during the marriage
and afterwards as a result of the husband's manic depression.

In the circumstances, the court varied the lump sum award of £14,000 given in
the court below downwards to £5,000.

47 In a case that was perhaps closer to that of the facts of the present
appeal, the wife was convicted of soliciting others to _murder_ the husband.
Not surprisingly, the English Court of Appeal in _Evans v Evans_ [1989] 1 FLR
351 held that the husband would no longer be required to make periodical
payments to the wife. In the words of Balcombe LJ (with whom Anthony Lincoln J
agreed) (at 355):

… In my judgment the court would be losing sight of reality if it was to
condemn a man who had religiously paid, over a period of some 35 years, the
amount which he had been ordered by the court to pay to his ex-wife after
divorce, to continue to make that payment after she had been convicted of
soliciting others to murder him. If the courts were in these circumstances not
to discharge the order, the public might think that we had taken leave of our
senses. I for one would not be prepared to countenance that …

48 In the English High Court decision of _H v H (Financial Relief: Attempted
Murder as Conduct)_ [2006] 1 FLR 990 (“ _H v H_ ”), the husband had carried
out a horrific attack on his wife, stabbing her repeatedly in front of their
children. The wife miraculously survived and the husband was eventually
sentenced to a term of 12 years’ imprisonment for attempted murder (although
it should be noted that he had also (falsely) accused _her_ of attempted
murder as well). Having accepted that this was conduct at the “very top end of
the scale” of gravity which would be inequitable to disregard, Coleridge J
observed (at [44]) as follows:

[T]he court should not be punitive or confiscatory for its own sake. I,
therefore, consider that _the proper way to have regard to the conduct is as a
potentially magnifying factor when considering the wife’s position under the
other subsections and criteria. It is the glass through which the other
factors are considered. It places her needs, as I judge them, as a much higher
priority to those of the husband because the situation the wife now finds
herself in is, in a very real way, his fault._**_It is not just that she is in
a precarious position … but that he has created this position by his
reprehensible conduct._** So she must, in my judgment and in fairness, be
given a greater priority in the share-out. [emphasis added in italics and bold
italics]

Coleridge J went on to consider how the needs of the wife and children had
been impacted by the husband’s conduct and gave greater priority to those
needs over those of the husband.

49 The spouses’ respective financial needs are something that our courts can
have regard to when determining the just and equitable division of matrimonial
assets. Section 114(1)(_b_) of the Act, which pertains to matters the court
should have regard to in ordering maintenance for the wife, like s 25(2)(_b_)
of the UK Act, provides that the “financial needs, obligations and
responsibilities” each spouse has and is likely to have in the foreseeable
future are things that the courts should have regard to. Section 114(1)(_b_)
of the Act has in turn been incorporated into the division provisions by s
112(2)(_h_) of the Act. Further, bearing in mind the overriding direction that
any division should be just and equitable, we agree with Coleridge J that
where one spouse’s future foreseeable financial needs have largely been the
result of the conduct of the other, it ought to be given more weight.

50 The English High Court decision of _A v A (Financial Provision: Conduct)_
[1995] 1 FLR 345 (“ _A v A_ ”) concerned a husband, who having become
depressed and suicidal, assaulted the wife with a knife and thereafter
attempted suicide. The district judge below ordered that the husband’s
interest in the matrimonial property be settled onto their children, in effect
leaving the husband with nothing. The English High Court observed generally
that the parties’ respective shares “needs to be adjusted to reflect the
combination of conduct, responsibility, needs and contribution” (at
349).Whilst the court agreed with the district judge’s decision to take the
husband’s conduct into account in determining the respective parties’ shares,
it also criticised his failure to also take into account the wife’s potential
claim to the Criminal Injuries Compensation Board and the husband’s needs.

51 Finally, we turn to the English Court of Appeal decision of _Clark v Clark_
[1999] 2 FLR 498 (“ _Clark_ ”), where the wife’s conduct, although not
criminal as such, was described by the court as being “as baleful as any to be
found in the family law reports” (at 509). In _Clark_ , the wife, who was
approximately 36 years younger than her husband, not only refused to
consummate their marriage but also utilised the husband’s funds to redeem the
mortgage on her own home as well as purchase numerous other properties. Her
control over her husband also resulted in his spending money on the renovation
of a boat which she had owned before their marriage, with the amount spent
being more than three times the actual worth of the boat even in its improved
state. With little of his money left and a virtual prisoner in his own home,
the husband was eventually left in such a pitiful state that he attempted
suicide. The trial judge awarded the wife a lump sum of £552,500, but the
Court of Appeal reduced the amount of that award to £175,000. In arriving at
the revised award, Thorpe LJ (who delivered the judgment) stated that, “I do
not consider on the quite extraordinary facts of this case to have left the
wife with nothing would have exceeded the wide ambit of judicial discretion”
(at 509). He further observed that in addition to the wife’s misconduct, she
had made no contributions to the relationship and in fact required bailing out
of debt to the extent of £30,000 at the outset of the relationship.
Nevertheless, the Court of Appeal (taking, as the learned authors of _Bromley_
suggested (at p 1049), a “perhaps unduly merciful approach”) adopted the
husband’s proposed figure of £175,000 (in round terms) and awarded it to the
wife (see _Clark_ at 510).

52 In addition to affirming that, _in principle_ , a negative value can be
ascribed to the contribution of the spouse guilty of misconduct (where it is
serious enough for the court to have regard to), the above cited cases of _H v
H_ , _A v A_ and _Clark_ also underscore the _fact-centric_ nature of the
discretion exercised by the English courts. In our judgment, the English
approach not only accords with common sense but also – _in substance_ –
approximates our own, _vis-à-vis_ the role of the conduct of the parties in
determining the just and equitable division of matrimonial property (see above
at [28]). In the premises, and as we have alluded to earlier, the English
cases may be followed (albeit depending on the precise facts and context of
the cases concerned).

53 With the above in mind, let us now turn to _apply_ the principles from both
the local as well as English decisions to the facts of the present case.

Application of principles to the present case

54 It was plain to us, on the facts of the present case, that the Wife’s
misconduct was _so extreme and undisputed_ that it fell to be considered in
determining what would be a just and equitable division of the matrimonial
assets. The Wife had embarked on a premeditated course of action to inflict
harm on the Husband by poisoning him over a period of time. Indeed, the Judge
recognised (correctly, in our view) the gravity of the injuries caused to the
Husband and had stated that he was “unable to turn a blind eye to the wife’s
malicious act”, which he found was “grossly disproportionate” to the emotional
and verbal abuse the Wife had suffered at the hands of the Husband during the
marriage (see the Judgment at [64]–[65]).

55 We agreed with the Judge that the Wife’s indirect contributions to the
welfare of the family had been drastically reduced from 2004 as a result of
her starting to poison her Husband and further because her son had by then
graduated with a degree in veterinarian medicine from Glasgow University,
moved out of the family home (to Hong Kong), and had begun working and looking
after himself. However, we were of the view that the Judge had, with respect,
erred in finding that this was the end of the matter. In our view, the Wife’s
conduct in poisoning the Husband clearly fell to be the type of conduct that
not only makes no contribution to the welfare of the family but also
fundamentally undermines the co-operative partnership and harms the welfare of
the other spouse. A _negative value_ therefore ought to have been ascribed to
the Wife’s conduct and considered in the just and equitable division of the
matrimonial property.

56 We turned to consider the Husband’s contention that the Judge had failed to
give sufficient weight to his financial resources and needs in the foreseeable
future. The Wife had argued, in response, that the Husband had exaggerated his
medical issues and therefore his financial needs in the foreseeable future;
she had further claimed that she also had a host of medical problems, which
ought to have been taken into account in coming to a just and equitable
division. As regards the Wife’s former contention, we found it inappropriate
to reopen the issue concerning the validity of the Husband’s medical problems.
The Judge had accepted the Husband’s evidence of his medical conditions and
the Wife did not provide any concrete evidence to refute it. Whilst her needs
should also be considered, we were of the view that they should be subordinate
to those of the Husband’s – particularly since his needs largely stemmed from
her misconduct of poisoning him in the first place. However, contrary to the
Husband’s assertion, the Judge did in fact consider the Husband’s financial
needs in the foreseeable future (see the Judgment at [35]). Indeed, the sole
basis for the Husband’s assertion that no weight had been given to this factor
appeared to be the quantum of the Wife’s award.

57 In spite of the gravity of the Wife’s misconduct, we did _not_ think that
the Wife ought to have been awarded _no_ share of the matrimonial assets on
the specific facts and circumstances of the present case. As we observed in
_AQS_ , an award of no share of the matrimonial assets to either spouse could
only be justified where that spouse had “made no contributions to the marriage
whatsoever” (at [38]). In _H v H_ , Coleridge J accepted (at [51]) that the
husband had played a full part in contributing to the marriage and the
upbringing of the children prior to the attack and did not find that the
husband’s misconduct would completely negate those prior contributions. In the
present case, the Judge found that up to 2004, the Wife had dutifully
discharged her duties as homemaker and as the Son’s primary caregiver in spite
of the Husband’s mistreatment of her for 27 years (see the Judgment at [17]).
The Husband did not challenge this finding and we could see no reason that
might justify him doing so. We also note that the Judge had taken into account
the Wife’s indirect financial contribution in the form of paying for their
Son’s tertiary education. In this regard, the present case was clearly
distinguishable on the facts from that of _Clark_ and we agreed that due
credit must be given for the Wife’s contributions to the welfare of the
family.

58 This brings us to the Judge’s eventual award of a 35% share of the
matrimonial assets to the Wife. Before us, Mr Sreenivasan stated that the
Husband’s position was that the Wife’s share should be 20%. Turning to the
precedents cited by the Judge, both Mr Sreenivasan and Ms Wong agreed that,
for marriages of 17 to 35 years with children, the proportion of the
matrimonial assets awarded would range from 35% to 50%. Applying the broad-
brush approach and bearing in mind our finding above at [55] that the Judge
had, with respect, erred in failing to ascribe a negative value to the Wife’s
conduct, we considered it just and equitable to apply a discount of 7% to the
share that the Judge found that the Wife would have been entitled to. The
discount might well have been more, but in fixing it at 7% we took note of the
fact that the Judge’s award was already at the low end of the range. We
therefore held that the Wife was entitled to 28% of the combined matrimonial
pool of assets.

The drawing of an adverse inference

59 The Husband was only able to produce bills and receipts for medical
expenses totalling $127,833.47. The Judge held at [42] of the Judgment that
this left a sum of $704,904.03 unaccounted for, out of the $832,737.50 that
had been withdrawn, mostly via cash cheques, from his OCBC Easisave Account
during the period between 23 November 2009 and 16 July 2012. The Judge
rejected the Husband’s explanations for the unaccounted sum and drew an
adverse inference against the Husband. On appeal, the Husband essentially
contended that the Judge had erred in rejecting his explanations and repeated
his arguments from the trial below.

60 We were satisfied that the Judge did not err in rejecting the Husband’s
explanations. First, in so far as the Husband’s alleged investments in oil and
gas in Indonesia were concerned, we agreed with the Judge that there was no
credible evidence to support the Husband’s account of the investment documents
having been stolen by his maid after drugging him. Even though the Husband
claimed that his niece, Cecilia, had helped him to call the police, she had
furnished no affidavit in support of this account, nor was a copy of any
police report filed provided. In our view, the Judge also did not err in
finding that the Husband’s numerous trips to Indonesia had been for leisure,
in light of the numerous photographs of the Husband posing intimately with the
aforesaid maid at various informal venues in Indonesia. We also agreed with
the Judge that the fact that the Husband had an Indonesian ATM card proved
nothing in the absence of any bank statements which had yet to be adduced.

61 Secondly, we agreed with the Judge that there was no basis for the
Husband’s allegation that the Wife had kept his medical receipts and/or bills.
Pertinently, the Husband had made no attempt to seek discovery from the Wife
in spite of his allegation. Furthermore, as the Judge pointed out (and we
accepted), the Husband could have written to the hospitals or clinics he had
visited to obtain the said receipts or records of payment made. Even if the
Husband had difficulty keeping track of his medical expenses at that point of
time as he was frequently in and out of the hospital, he could nevertheless
have subsequently obtained the said bills, receipts or records by the
aforesaid means. However the Husband chose not to do so.

62 The law on drawing adverse inferences was succinctly summarised by this
court in _Koh Bee Choo v Choo Chai Huah_ [2007] SGCA 21 at [28]. In order for
the court to draw an adverse inference, there must be:

(a) a substratum of evidence that establishes a _prima facie_ case against the
person against whom the inference is to be drawn; and

(b) that person must have had some particular access to the information he is
said to be hiding.

In our judgment, a _prima facie_ case had been made out against the Husband in
the light of the monies he withdrew. Moreover, what happened to the monies was
clearly within the Husband’s knowledge. In the premises, we found that the
Judge therefore did not err in drawing an adverse inference against the
Husband.

63 However, we disagreed with the manner in which the Judge had chosen to give
effect to the adverse inference. In this regard, the Judge had awarded the
Wife an additional 7% share of the matrimonial assets over and above the share
she had been awarded pursuant to a just and equitable division of the
matrimonial assets.

64 There are at least two alternative approaches to give effect to the adverse
inference drawn against a spouse, both of which have been endorsed by this
court: see _NK v NL_ at [61]–[62]. The first approach is for the court to make
a finding of the value of the undisclosed assets on the available evidence and
for the party dissatisfied with the value attributed to show that it is
unreasonable; if the dissatisfied party is unable to do so, the value is then
included in the matrimonial pool for division (see, for example, the Singapore
High Court decision of _Tay Sin Tor v Tay Chay Eng_ [1999] 2 SLR(R) 385 at
[18]). Although it endorsed this approach, the court in _NK v NL_ also
cautioned against “unnecessary speculation with respect to the specific values
of undeclared assets” and instead held (at [62]) that in the circumstances of
the case, “it might be more just and equitable (not to mention, practical) to
order a higher proportion of the known assets to be given to the wife”.

65 Ultimately, the appropriate approach to adopt would depend on the facts of
the particular case subject to the overriding impetus of achieving a just and
equitable result. As this court observed in _Yeo Chong Lin_ at [66]:

… In the final analysis, it is for the court to decide, in the light of the
fact-situation of each case, which approach would in its view best achieve an
equitable and just result. What must be clearly recognised is that when the
court makes such a determination it is not undertaking an exercise based on
arithmetic but a judgmental exercise based, in part at least, on feel.

Both Mr Sreenivasan and Ms Wong accepted the general principle that it was
within the court’s discretion to determine how to give effect to the adverse
inference drawn against a spouse in order to achieve an equitable and just
result.

66 We found, however, that the Judge had, with respect, erred in exercising
his discretion _on the facts of this particular case_. It was not in dispute
that the sum of $832,737.50 had been withdrawn from the OCBC Easisave Account.
Of this, receipts were produced for only a sum of $127,833.47. Further, based
on the Husband’s affidavit of assets and means, he would have expended a sum
of $58,944 during that 32 month period. On this basis, a sum of $645,960.03
(and not $704,904.03 as the Judge held) remained unaccounted for. In our view,
where the appropriated sum of money or the value of the undeclared property is
known, the approach that will best achieve an equitable and just result is to
add the known sum or value back into the matrimonial pool for division. This
was not a case (as in _NK v NL_) where the court would have to engage in
speculation over the value of undeclared assets.

67 For the foregoing reasons, we ordered that the sum of $645,960.03 be added
back into the matrimonial pool to give effect to the adverse inference drawn
against the Husband.

Conclusion

68 For the reasons above, we allowed the appeal and ordered that:

(a) the sum of $645,960.03 should be added back to the matrimonial pool of
$2,098,978.29. The combined matrimonial pool is therefore $2,744,938.32; and

(b) the Wife’s share of the matrimonial assets be reduced from 35% to 28%.

The Wife was therefore entitled to $768,582.73.

69 As the Wife was legally aided, no costs were ordered for the appeal. The
usual consequential orders followed.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 15 Jan 2015 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

