Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  ARS _v_ ART and another  
[2015] SGHC 78

Case Number| :| Suit No [AA]  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 08 April 2015  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Quentin Loh J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Paul Wong Por Luk, Daniel Tay and Tang Jin Sheng (Rodyk &
Davidson LLP) for the plaintiff; Dinesh Dhillon, Paul Ong and Cai Chengying
(Allen & Gledhill LLP) for the first defendant.  
Parties| :|  ARS — ART and another  
  
8 April 2015| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Quentin Loh J:

Introduction

1 The gravamen of the plaintiff’s claim lies in the alleged involvement of the
first defendant in the replacement of the plaintiff as the close-circuit
television (“CCTV”) supplier for the Integrated Security System (“ISS”) in the
redevelopment of a specific project.

2 A significant portion of the case revolves around the numerous disputes of
fact between the parties. This judgment will be unfortunately lengthy to deal
with the numerous factual allegations made by the parties. This is not helped
by the fact that these disputes arose from events that took place in 2001-2002
and for various reasons, which I shall come to, the trial in Singapore only
came to be held some 12 years later. Given the best of intentions, witnesses’
evidence of events that occurred so long ago may not be most reliable. They
may have well been coloured by the onset of subsequent events and the disputes
that have arisen. To compound matters, unlike other cases where the
documentary evidence becomes an important aid to witnesses’ recollection and
oral evidence, the objective evidence by way of relevant contemporaneous
documents is very limited in this case. Another factor that hampered the fact-
finding process is that some relevant witnesses were not called to give
evidence; perhaps not without some excuse, as there were multiple proceedings
in various jurisdictions, and because of conflicting interests.

3 Before I delve into the minutiae, I should state my conclusion at the
outset. Having considered the matter and the evidence before me, I find that
there is insufficient evidence to support the plaintiff’s claims. The
plaintiff has failed to discharge its burden of proof and I accordingly
dismiss its claims against the first defendant.

Background facts

The parties

4 The plaintiff is [ARS], a corporation incorporated under the laws of Japan.
It manufactures a whole range of CCTV products since 1975.[note: 1] [Saul] is
the major shareholder, director and the President of the plaintiff.[note: 2]
He is the “brains” of the operations of the plaintiff and its related
companies, and makes all the major decisions for them.[note: 3]

5 The first defendant is [ART], a corporation incorporated under Swiss
law.[note: 4] It is the ultimate holding company of a group of companies
(referred to as [Z]) which provides electronic security products and services,
fire protection products and services, valves and controls, and other
industrial products.[note: 5] [BA] is a business division and major segment of
the [Z] group of companies, comprising the subsidiaries owned directly and
indirectly by the first defendant (as the ultimate holding company),[note: 6]
carrying on the business of designing, manufacturing, installing and servicing
of electronic security systems, fire protection, detection and suppression
systems, sprinklers and fire extinguishers, among others.[note: 7] To be
clear, it is not disputed that [BA] is _not_ a legal entity.[note: 8]

6 The second defendant, [ARU], is the Singapore branch of [BB] which is a
wholly owned subsidiary of the first defendant.[note: 9] The second defendant
owns and operates under the business name of [BC], even though its operations
are not confined to the fire and security-related businesses which operate
under [BC].[note: 10] The plaintiff’s claims against the second defendant were
struck out as they were time-barred under the Limitation Act (Cap 163, 1996
Rev Ed).

Facts leading up to the replacement of the plaintiff as the CCTV supplier for
the [Project]

7 The redevelopment of the specific project started in or around late
1999.[note: 11] It encompassed the construction of [xxx] of [xxx], [xxx] and
[xxx], which were to be implemented in five separate phases.[note: 12] The
disputes comprised in this action are in relation to the first phase of the
project (henceforth referred to as “the [Project]”). [XA] and [XB] were the
employers and the clients in the [Project].[note: 13] The main consultant for
the [Project] was [XC], which was succeeded by [XD] during the course of the
[Project], and the security consultant was [XF].[note: 14]

8 In or around 2000, [XG] won a tender issued by [XB] for the consulting,
design, engineering and project management of security, communication and
computerised systems for the initial phase of the [Project].[note: 15] [XG] is
a company incorporated in Israel in 1977 as a consulting and engineering firm
in the field of security and communication.[note: 16] At that time, [XG]’s
credentials included the design and supervision of the [overseas project] in
Israel.[note: 17] The plaintiff’s Israeli affiliate, [ARS (Israel)], a company
incorporated in Israel, is a CCTV supplier and had actively cooperated with
[XG] on many projects for which [XG] was the consultant, including the
[overseas project].[note: 18] [Saul] is also the major shareholder and
director of [ARS (Israel)], which is under the charge of his son-in-law,
[Abel].

9 [Saul] claims that he learnt about the [Project] from [Michael], the
principal of [XG].[note: 19] What happened next is one of the points of
contention between the parties. The plaintiff claims that [ARS (Israel)]
entered into discussions with another company, [KA], with a view to
collaborate and pursue the ISS package of the [Project] (“the ISS sub-
contract”).[note: 20] [KA] is a system integrator/designer, distributor and
installer of access control, alarms and integrated systems, CCTV and digital
CCTV recording systems in Israel.[note: 21] [KA] had previously worked with
[ARS (Israel)] for the supply and installation of security systems in several
of the [projects] in Israel, including the [overseas project].[note: 22] As a
result of the discussions with [KA], the plaintiff and [ARS (Israel)]
allegedly reached an oral agreement with [KA] to cooperate to pursue the ISS
sub-contract (“the [First] Agreement”).[note: 23] The alleged terms of the
[First] Agreement are set out below at [16]. The first defendant does not
admit the existence of the [First] Agreement.[note: 24]

10 In due course, [XA] issued the Request for Information and Pre-
Qualification for Design, Installation, Integration, Commissioning and
Management of Integrated Security System for the Redevelopment of the
[Project] in Singapore (“the RFI”).[note: 25] The submission date for the RFI
was 10 May 2001.[note: 26] The parties who were interested in submitting a
tender for the ISS sub-contract had to meet the pre-qualification requirements
set out in the RFI, namely:

(a) the tenderer had to be either a Singapore company or an entity (either a
foreign company or a joint venture) which included a Singapore company that
will provide the support, commissioning and management of the ISS during the
defects liability period and the warranty period;[note: 27] and

(b) the tenderer had to have experience and a track record in [projects] of
significant value and at least one project involving video transmission and
camera control of [xxx] cameras through decentralized system of [xxx] video
matrices to [xxx] monitors in [xxx] separate control centres.[note: 28]

11 The parties who were shortlisted at the RFI stage would be nominated as the
final bidders for the Request for Proposal (“the RFP”), which was the final
and closed stage of the tender for the ISS sub-contract.[note: 29] The
successful party at the RFP stage would then be nominated as the sub-
contractor.[note: 30]

12 One of the parties interested in the ISS sub-contract was [BD], a company
incorporated under the laws of Singapore and in the business of trading,
installing and maintaining fire safety devices and apparatuses, among
others.[note: 31] The first defendant is the ultimate holding company of
[BD].[note: 32] As alluded to earlier (see [9] above), [KA] had plans to
secure the ISS sub-contract. [Saul] introduced [BD] and [KA] to each other,
and this eventually resulted in the formation of the joint venture company
known as [JVC] on or around 8 May 2001.[note: 33] [KB], which is a part of the
same group of companies as [KA] with common offices and directors, was added
to the joint venture in order to meet the minimum capital and financial
requirements under the RFI which [KA], by itself, would not have met.[note:
34]

13 [JVC] eventually won the bid for the ISS sub-contract on 21 February
2002.[note: 35]

14 The circumstances preceding the formation of [JVC], apart from the
introduction by [Saul], are heavily contested by the parties. The plaintiff’s
contention, essentially, is that there was an oral agreement between the
plaintiff, [ARS (Israel)] and [BD] to the effect that it would only offer the
plaintiff’s CCTV products if [BD] manages to enter into a joint venture to bid
for the ISS sub-contract as a result of [Saul]’s introduction (“the [Second]
Agreement”).[note: 36] The alleged terms of the [Second] Agreement is set out
below at [17]. The plaintiff asserts that [Saul] introduced [BD] and [KA] to
each other after having been assured by [BD] and [KA] that they would abide by
the [First] Agreement and [Second] Agreement (“the [Two] Agreements”).[note:
37] The first defendant denies the existence of both agreements.

15 At the RFI and RFP stages, the plaintiff was [JVC]’s proposed CCTV
supplier. However, the plaintiff was subsequently replaced by [PT].[note: 38]
The parties dispute the circumstances surrounding the replacement of the
plaintiff as the CCTV supplier for the ISS sub-contract. The plaintiff
contends that notwithstanding the existence of the [Two] Agreements, the
plaintiff was replaced with [PT] on the pretext that the plaintiff’s CCTV sub-
system did not comply with the RFP specifications and the requirements of
[XA]. This is denied by the first defendant. The plaintiff submits that it is
the circumstances under which the plaintiff was replaced as the CCTV supplier
for the ISS sub-contract and the involvement of the first defendant which gave
rise to the claims. The plaintiff’s case is that the first defendant was
involved in the replacement of the plaintiff through certain key personnel in
[BC] who were representatives of the first defendant and/or acted for and on
behalf of the first defendant, namely:

(a) [Paul], the managing director of [BC];[note: 39]

(b) [Amos], the vice president of [BC];[note: 40] and

(c) [Ben], the director of finance for [BC].[note: 41]

The alleged terms of the [Two] Agreements

16 According to the plaintiff, the [First] Agreement was concluded between the
plaintiff, [ARS (Israel)] and [KA] on the following terms:[note: 42]

(a) [KA] will participate in the tender as an integrator for the ISS sub-
contract;

(b) [ARS (Israel)] will provide full support to [KA] in the tender process for
the ISS sub-contract;

(c) the plaintiff will supply all the CCTV and the digital recording equipment
for the ISS sub-contract which would be shipped directly out of Japan; and

(d) the plaintiff (given its extensive experience in the Singapore market
through the operations of its Singapore affiliate, [ARS (Singapore)]) would
assist [KA] in setting itself up in Singapore for the tender and if necessary,
assist [KA] in finding a suitable local joint venture partner.

17 As for the [Second] Agreement, the plaintiff asserts that it was concluded
between the plaintiff, [ARS (Israel)] and [BD] on the following terms:[note:
43]

(a) the plaintiff will introduce to [BD] a suitable joint venture partner to
participate in the tender (RFI process) and bid for the ISS sub-contract;

(b) [BD] will accept the prices that [ARS (Israel)] had agreed with the other
(intended) joint venture party [_ie_ , [KA]] for the plaintiff’s CCTV
equipment to be supplied for the tender and the ISS sub-contract, if
successful; and

(c) [BD] will leave all negotiations on pricing, equipment selection, payment
for the plaintiff’s CCTV equipment to the other joint venture party [_ie_ ,
[KA]] and [BD] would abide by any agreement reached between the plaintiff,
[ARS (Israel)] and the other joint venture party [_ie_ , [KA]] on these
issues.

18 At this juncture, I pause to note that it was stated in the plaintiff’s
closing submissions that one of the terms of the [Second] Agreement provides
that:[note: 44]

If the joint venture was successful in its bid for the RFI/RFP, [BD] will
offer for the following phases only [Y] CCTV equipment, and will never
introduce other non [Y] CCTV product [for the Project].

[Y] is the common name in [ARS], [ARS (Israel)] and [ARS (Singapore)].

19 While this term is based on [Saul]’s Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief
(“AEIC”),[note: 45] it was never pleaded in the Statement of Claim.[note: 46]
It is trite law that the court cannot make a finding based on facts which have
not been pleaded: _Ong Seow Pheng and others v Lotus Development Corp and
another_ [1997] 2 SLR(R) 113 at [41]. I will not make any finding or decision
based on the term which had not been pleaded. This, of course, would become
immaterial if I find that the [Second] Agreement does not exist.

The foreign proceedings preceding Suit No [AA]

20 As a result of the replacement of the plaintiff as the CCTV supplier for
the ISS sub-contract, several actions were commenced in a few jurisdictions
over a number of years.

21 In June 2003, the plaintiff instituted proceedings against the first
defendant in the United States District Court for the Southern District of New
York (“US District Court (SDNY)”), where it alleged that the first defendant
was liable for interfering with an alleged agreement between [ARS (Israel)]
and [KA] and an alleged agreement between [ARS (Israel)] and [JVC].[note: 47]
The Court refused to exercise its jurisdiction over the claim and dismissed
the action on 24 January 2005.[note: 48]

22 In August 2003, [ARS (Israel)] commenced proceedings against [BD] and [KA]
in the Israeli courts, alleging that they were liable for, among other things,
breach of the [Two] Agreements. The Court stayed proceedings in favour of
arbitration in Singapore. [ARS (Israel)] claims that it had never signed the
agreement containing the arbitration clause. The plaintiff, in the current
proceedings, takes the same position. Be that as it may, [ARS (Israel)], on 25
April 2011, commenced arbitration proceedings against [BD] and [KA] in the
Singapore International Arbitration Centre (“SIAC”).[note: 49] On 6 September
2012, [ARS (Israel)] tried to go back to the Israeli courts on the basis that
[BD] and [KA] had pleaded the defence of limitation in the arbitration
proceedings.[note: 50] On [BD]’s application, the District Court of Tel-Aviv-
Yaffo struck out [ARS (Israel)]’s claim on the basis of estoppel on 5 June
2014.[note: 51] The first defendant tries to rely on the observations made by
the Court in the Israeli proceedings here, but this has been challenged by the
plaintiff. I will address this point below (at [26]–[27]).

23 In October 2006, after the US District Court (SDNY) dismissed the action,
the plaintiff brought fresh proceedings against the first defendant in the
United States District Court for the District of New Jersey (“US District
Court (NJ)”), alleging that the first defendant had, among other things,
induced [JVC] and [KA] to breach the [Two] Agreements.[note: 52] The Court
dismissed the claims for lack of jurisdiction on 9 April 2008.[note: 53]

24 In November 2008, the plaintiff commenced proceedings against the first
defendant in the United States Superior Court of New Jersey, alleging that the
first defendant was liable for inducing the breach of the [Two]
Agreements.[note: 54] On 3 August 2009, the Court stayed the proceedings on
the ground of _forum non conveniens_ in favour of the dispute being litigated
in Singapore and on the first defendant’s undertaking not to raise the defence
of limitation before the Singapore courts.[note: 55] As a result, the
plaintiff commenced the present action on 1 October 2009.

25 The foreign proceedings are raised by the first defendant for two reasons.
First, the first defendant seeks to rely on these proceedings to show the
frivolous and vexatious nature of the plaintiff and [ARS (Israel)].[note: 56]
The significance of this argument, however, has not been made apparent by the
first defendant. I earlier refused to grant the first defendant’s application
to strike out the action. I do not think that the first defendant has provided
any basis for me to revisit this issue (at least in relation to the merits of
the case), and accordingly, I will refrain from doing so. Secondly, the first
defendant relies on the differences in the descriptions of the [Two]
Agreements in the pleadings filed in these foreign proceedings to support its
submission that the [Two] Agreements do not exist. I will deal with this point
when I address the issue concerning the existence of the [Two] Agreements
([114]–[130] below).

26 I should also deal with the first defendant’s attempt to rely on the
observations made by the District Court of Tel-Aviv-Yaffo on 5 June 2014. The
first defendant essentially relied on certain paragraphs in the judgment to
argue that [ARS (Israel)] allegedly acted in a manner “which constitutes abuse
of legal procedure” and also questioned if [ARS (Israel)] had acted in “good
faith”.[note: 57] The plaintiff contends that this is irrelevant as [ARS
(Israel)] is not a party to the present case.[note: 58] The plaintiff submits
in the alternative that the first defendant was adducing fresh evidence
without leave to do so since the decision of the District Court of Tel-Aviv-
Yaffo was released only after the conclusion of the hearing in the present
case.[note: 59] In any event, the plaintiff states that [ARS (Israel)]
disputes the decision on the basis that [BD] and [KA] had tendered false
evidence to the District Court of Tel-Aviv-Yaffo, and [ARS (Israel)] is
preparing to appeal against the decision.[note: 60]

27 I do not think that the first defendant should be entitled to rely on the
observations made by the District Court of Tel-Aviv-Yaffo. I note that the
judgment was not properly adduced or admitted into evidence by the Court. It
was merely tendered as part of the first defendant’s Supplementary Bundle of
Documents after the hearing was over. Moreover, I have doubts on the relevance
of the judgment. The judgment does not fall within ss 42–44 of the Evidence
Act (Cap 97, 1997 Rev Ed) (“the EA”). Neither has the first defendant shown
that the existence of the judgment is a fact in issue or is relevant under s
45 of the EA. I would therefore not take into account the observations of the
District Court of Tel-Aviv-Yaffo in deciding the merits of this case.

The plaintiff’s claims in Suit No [AA]

28 In the present case, the plaintiff’s claims against the first defendant can
be summarised as follows:

(a) the first defendant induced and/or procured [KA] and/or [BD] to breach the
[First] and [Second] Agreements respectively;[note: 61]

(b) the first defendant conspired with [KA] and/or [BD] to breach the [Two]
Agreements with intention of injuring the plaintiff;[note: 62]

(c) the first defendant conspired with [KA] and/or [BD] to maliciously publish
false words about the design/business of [Y] by way of three letters dated 4
October 2002, 25 October 2002 and 12 December 2002 with intention of injuring
the plaintiff;[note: 63] and

(d) the plaintiff is entitled to a claim in unjust enrichment as the first
defendant have been “unjustly enriched” at the expense of the plaintiff by
reason of the first defendant’s “tortious conduct”.[note: 64]

First claim: Inducement of a breach of contract

29 The plaintiff’s first claim is that the first defendant had induced or
procured [KA] and [BD] to breach the [First] Agreement and [Second] Agreement
respectively. To establish its claim, the plaintiff must show, apart from the
act of inducement and the breach of the contract, that:

(a) the defendant acted with the requisite knowledge of the existence of the
contract; and

(b) the defendant intended to interfere with the performance of the contract.

30 This is the “two-fold requirement” set out by the Court of Appeal in
_Tribune Investment Trust Inc v Soosan Trading Co Ltd_ [2000] 2 SLR(R) 407 (“
_Tribune Investment_ ”) at [17]. As a prerequisite, the plaintiff must also
prove the existence of a valid and binding contract that was capable of being
breached by the other contracting party at the instigation of a third party
(at [22]–[24] of _Tribune Investment_).

Whether the [Two] Agreements had been concluded by the relevant parties?

31 As briefly alluded to earlier (see [9] and [12] above), the plaintiff’s
claims rest on the existence of the [Two] Agreements, while the first
defendant alleges they do not exist. This is a point of significant dispute
between the parties and a large part of the parties’ submissions has been
devoted to this issue.

32 For the reasons set out below, I find that the plaintiff has failed to
prove on the balance of probabilities that the [Two] Agreements exist. Given
that the plaintiff cannot prove the existence of the [Two] Agreements, he
accordingly cannot establish the breach of the [Two] Agreements and it follows
that the plaintiff’s claim in inducement of a breach of contract must fail.

The plaintiff’s case

33 The plaintiff’s case, in relation to the [First] Agreement, is that [ARS
(Israel)] and [KA] entered into discussions around late 2000 with a view to
collaborate for the ISS sub-contract.[note: 65] At these discussions, the
plaintiff and [ARS (Israel)] were represented by [Saul] and [Abel]
respectively, and [KA] was represented by [Gabriel] and [Ian].[note: 66] [Ian]
was the Managing Director and General Manager of [KA] at that point in
time.[note: 67] According to the plaintiff, the discussions concluded with an
oral agreement (_ie_ , the [First] Agreement) between the plaintiff, [ARS
(Israel)] and [KA].[note: 68]

34 As for the [Second] Agreement, the plaintiff’s case is that the first
defendant and [BC] came to know about a large [xxx] project in Asia around
early April 2001, and [Paul], the Managing Director of [BC] and the director
of [BD] at the material time wanted the first defendant, [BC] or one of the
first defendant’s affiliate companies to be involved in the [Project].[note:
69] [Paul] sent an email dated 13 April 2001 to the regional managers of [BC]
to enquire if any of them were working on a large [project] in Asia.[note: 70]
In response, [Jacob], the General Manager of [BD], stated in his email dated
15 April 2001 that [BD] was teaming up with other parties for the RFI stage of
the [Project].[note: 71] The plaintiff asserts that at the end of April 2001,
which was less than two weeks before the submission date for the RFI, [BD] had
no chance of getting nominated as one of the final bidders for the RFP stage
as they had “no or little products to offer, little or no design on hand to
submit, and no partner with sufficient experience or expertise in ISS in [xxx]
to enter into a joint venture with”.[note: 72] Around the same time, which was
around late April 2001, [Zachary], sales manager of [BD], contacted [Tobias]
of [ARS (Singapore)] to propose a joint venture for the ISS sub-
contract.[note: 73] This was the second time, according to the plaintiff, that
[Zachary] had approached [ARS (Singapore)].[note: 74] At around the same time,
[Gabriel] informed [Saul] that [KA] was no longer proceeding with their
intended joint venture partner in Singapore.[note: 75] At this point in time,
[Saul] decided that he would try to pair [BD] with [KA] for the ISS sub-
contract.[note: 76]

35 The plaintiff asserts that [Saul], acting on behalf of the plaintiff and
[ARS (Israel)], entered into discussions with [BD] and [KA] around late April
2001 with a view of having them enter into a joint venture to bid for the ISS
sub-contract.[note: 77] In particular, the plaintiff alleges that during the
telephone discussions between [Saul] and [Zachary] on or around 27 and 30
April 2001, [Zachary] agreed on behalf of [BD] to the terms of the alleged
[Second] Agreement.[note: 78] The plaintiff adds that [Zachary] was informed
of the material terms of the [First] Agreement, and had confirmed that he was
authorised by [Jacob] to commit [BD] and to agree to the plaintiff’s
terms.[note: 79] The plaintiff also alleges that a few days after the
discussions between [Saul] and [Zachary], [Saul] told [Jacob] over the
telephone about the material terms of the [First] Agreement, and [Jacob] re-
confirmed his agreement to the terms of the [Second] Agreement “with full
knowledge and understanding” that the plaintiff was assisting [BD] in setting
up the joint venture so as to benefit from eventually being able to supply
them with the plaintiff’s CCTV sub-system for the ISS sub-contract.[note: 80]
Thereafter, [Saul] informed [Gabriel] that he had found [KA] a suitable joint
venture partner. According to the plaintiff, [Gabriel] agreed to abide by the
[First] Agreement if the joint venture was successful.[note: 81] [Gabriel]
also agreed to protect the plaintiff’s interest when [Saul] told him about the
terms of the [Second] Agreement.[note: 82] The plaintiff’s case was that
[Saul] introduced [BD] to [KA] only after the [First] Agreement and [Second]
Agreement had been concluded. As a result of [Saul]’s efforts, [JVC] was
formed one or two days before the closing date for the submission of the
RFI.[note: 83]

36 Pursuant to the [Two] Agreements, the plaintiff and [ARS (Israel)] provided
[JVC] with the CCTV sub-system solution during the RFI/RFP tender stages and
supported [JVC] throughout the tender process.

37 On or around October 2001, the plaintiff claims that [ARS (Israel)] and
[KA] agreed that the price of the CCTV sub-system to be supplied to [JVC] for
the ISS sub-contract will be US$2,692,060.00.[note: 84] This would be in
accordance with the [Two] Agreements, that is, [KA] would negotiate with [ARS
(Israel)] on pricing, equipment selection and payment for the plaintiff’s
CCTV, and [BD] would abide by any agreement reached between [KA] and [ARS
(Israel)].[note: 85] The plaintiff explained that the negotiation on the
pricing was done by [ARS (Israel)] (instead of the plaintiff) because the
parties to the [First] Agreement agreed that [ARS (Israel)] would sell to [KA]
the CCTV sub-system and the plaintiff, as the supplier of the CCTV sub-system,
would then bill [ARS (Israel)] for it.[note: 86]

38 As noted above, on 21 February 2002, [JVC] was awarded the ISS sub-
contract.

39 Around May 2002, [BD] requested for suppliers to reduce their prices.[note:
87] According to the plaintiff, [Ian] and [Saul] negotiated and agreed to a
2.5% special discount for the plaintiff’s CCTV sub-system for the ISS sub-
contract.[note: 88] This reduced the price to US$2,624,758.50.

40 On or around 13 August 2002, [ARS (Israel)] received a purchase order dated
12 July 2002 from [JVC] through [KA] for the sum of S$4,619,575.84 (based on
the discounted price of US$2,624,758.50) (“the Purchase Order”).[note: 89]
However, the Purchase Order required [ARS (Israel)] to not only supply (as
previously agreed) but also to install, test and commission the CCTV sub-
system.[note: 90] Further, the Purchase Order was subject to the approval of
the Critical Design Review (“CDR”) submission by [XA], in accordance with what
the plaintiff alleges to be a “fictitious subcontract agreement” (“the CCTV
sub-contract”).[note: 91] The plaintiff disputes the terms of the Purchase
Order as they were not in accordance with the [Two] Agreements which the
plaintiff says were known to [JVC] through [KA] and [BD].[note: 92] The
plaintiff also asserts that the CCTV sub-contract was fictitious as it was
never discussed, made known or signed between the plaintiff, [ARS (Israel)],
[KA], [BD] or [JVC].[note: 93] The plaintiff says that [Saul] complained to
[Ian] about the Purchase Order and CCTV sub-contract.[note: 94] As the CDR
meeting was scheduled for the next day, they agreed that [Ian] would get [JVC]
to eliminate all the unilateral terms raised by [BD] at a later stage and that
they will first concentrate on obtaining the necessary approval.[note: 95]

The first defendant’s case

41 On the other hand, the first defendant’s case is that it was not privy to
the alleged discussions between the plaintiff, [ARS (Israel)] and [KA] and it
does not accept that the [First] Agreement was concluded by the parties.[note:
96] The first defendant denies that there was any representation or promise by
[Zachary] (or any representative of [BD]) to [Saul] and/or any agreement
between them that [BD], as part of [JVC], would only offer the plaintiff’s
CCTV sub-system in the tender and/or the bid for the ISS sub-contract.[note:
97] The first defendant also asserts that [Zachary] had no actual or apparent
authority to enter into any such alleged agreements on behalf of [BD], and
that [Zachary] had not represented to [Saul] that he was authorised by [Jacob]
to commit [BD] to any such agreements.[note: 98]

42 The first defendant accepts that [Saul] introduced [BD] to [KA] for the
purpose of tendering for the ISS sub-contract, and that [JVC] was formed
shortly before the submission date for the RFI.[note: 99] The first defendant
further accepts that a 2.5% discount was _offered_ for the plaintiff’s CCTV
sub-system in or around May 2002,[note: 100] but denies that it was ever
accepted by [JVC].

43 The first defendant claims that the Purchase Order was issued by [BD] in
July 2002 prior to [JVC]’s discovery in or around August or September 2002
that the plaintiff’s CCTV sub-system did not fully comply with the RFP
specifications and/or [XA]’s requirements for the CCTV sub-system.[note: 101]
The first defendant asserts that, contrary to the plaintiff’s case, [XA] had
not approved the plaintiff’s CCTV sub-system design at the material
time.[note: 102]

My decision: The [Two] Agreements do not exist

44 I will now set out my detailed findings and reasons for my conclusion that
on a balance of probabilities, the plaintiff has failed to prove the existence
of the [Two] Agreements by considering the following:

(a) the written correspondence;

(b) the oral evidence;

(c) the conduct of the parties;

(d) the inconsistency with the terms of the Joint Venture Agreement;

(e) the inconsistency with the pleadings in the foreign proceedings;

(f) the failure to call certain witnesses; and

(g) the uncertainty in the terms of the [First] Agreement.

45 I start with a discussion on the burden of proof and the guiding principles
in order to ascertain the existence of an oral agreement.

(1) Burden of proof

46 The first defendant submits that the burden of proof is on the plaintiff to
show that the [Two] Agreements exist.[note: 103] The plaintiff, on the other
hand, appears to be suggesting otherwise (citing s 105 of the EA).[note: 104]

47 In my judgment, the burden of proof lies squarely with the plaintiff. It is
the plaintiff’s case that the first defendant induced [KA] and [BD] to breach
the [Two] Agreements. The burden is on the plaintiff to establish, on the
balance of probabilities, every element of its claim. This includes the very
basis of its claim, _ie_ , the existence of the [Two] Agreements. This was the
position taken by the Court of Appeal in _Tribune Investment_ at [22]–[24] and
I have no basis or reason to depart from it.

48 For completeness, I should add that s 105 of the EA does not support the
plaintiff’s contention that the first defendant has the burden of proving that
the [Two] Agreements do not exist. In _Cooperatieve Centrale Raiffeisen-
Boerenleenbank BA (trading as Rabobank International), Singapore Branch v
Motorola Electronics Pte Ltd_ [2011] 2 SLR 63 (“ _Rabobank_ ”) at [31], the
Court of Appeal accepted that “the _legal_ burden of proving a pleaded defence
rests on the proponent of the defence, unless the defence is a bare denial of
the claim”, and went on to explain that the rule is consistent with the
general principle underlying ss 103 and 105 of the EA, _viz_ , that he who
asserts must prove. Unlike the defendant in _Rabobank_ (at [34]), the first
defendant does not admit to the existence of the [First] Agreement,[note: 105]
and denies having concluded the [Second] Agreement.[note: 106] Further, it is
the evidential burden, which is not expressly provided for in the EA, that may
shift from one party to the other: _Rabobank_ at [30], citing _Britestone Pte
Ltd v Smith & Associates Far East, Ltd_ [2007] 4 SLR(R) 855 at [58]–[59].
Accordingly, there is no doubt that the plaintiff is the party who bears the
legal burden of proof to show, among other things, that the [Two] Agreements
had been validly concluded by the relevant parties.

(2) Guiding principles

49 Having dealt with the burden of proof, I should set out the guiding
principles that I adopt in order to ascertain the existence of an oral
agreement. The Court of Appeal in _Tribune Investment_ stated at [39] that in
a situation where no formal written agreement was entered into or signed by
the parties, the existence of any contract “must thus be culled from the
written correspondence and contemporaneous conduct of the parties at the
material time”. At [40], the Court of Appeal reiterated that “the test of
agreement or of inferring _consensus ad idem_ is objective”.

50 In ascertaining the existence of an oral agreement, the courts have
emphasised the significance of the relevant documentary evidence. In _OCBC
Capital Investment Asia Ltd v Wong Hua Choon_ [2012] 4 SLR 1206 (“ _Wong Hua
Choon_ ”) at [41], the Court of Appeal explained that:

... the first port of call for any court in determining the existence of an
alleged contract and/or its terms would be the relevant  _documentary_
evidence. Where (as in the present case) the issue is whether or not a binding
contract  _exists_ between the parties, a contemporaneous written record of
the evidence is obviously more reliable than a witness's oral testimony given
well after the fact, recollecting what has transpired. Such evidence may be
coloured by the onset of subsequent events and the very factual dispute
between the parties. In this regard,  _subjective_ statements of witnesses
_alone_ are, in the nature of things, often unhelpful. Further, where the
witnesses themselves are not legally trained, counsel ought not - as the
Respondent's counsel sought to do in oral submissions before this court - to
forensically parse the words they use as if they were words in a statute. This
is not to state that oral testimony should,  _ipso facto_ , be discounted. On
the contrary,  _credible_ oral testimony can be helpful to the court,
especially where (as we shall see below in relation to supporting the
Appellant's case) such testimony is given for the purpose of _clarifying the
existing documentary evidence_. There is, however, no magic formula in
determining the appropriate weight that should be given to witness testimony.
Much would depend on the precise factual matrix before the court. However, it
bears reiterating that the court would always look first to the most reliable
and objective evidence as to whether or not a binding contract was entered
into between the parties and such evidence would tend to be  _documentary_ in
nature. [emphasis in original]

51 In the same vein, the Court of Appeal in _Ng Chee Chuan v Ng Ai Tee
(administratrix of the estate of Yap Yoon Moi, deceased)_ [2009] 2 SLR(R) 918
at [19] opined that:

As we perceived it, the availability of contemporaneous documents in this case
reduced the need to rely on the testimony of the witnesses on the stand as
much of the evidence was, in fact, not disputed,  _eg_ , the amount of
payments made, the dates of the payments, the signing of the deeds,  _etc_.
The crucial question of whether the oral agreement alleged by the respondent
existed depended as much, if not more, on the inferences which could
reasonably be drawn from the available objective evidence than the apparent
credibility of the witnesses  _per se_.

52 Notwithstanding that, the Court of Appeal in _Gay Choon Ing v Loh Sze Ti
Terence Peter and another appeal_ [2009] 2 SLR(R) 332 (“ _Gay Choon Ing_ ”) at
[60] acknowledged that there may be cases with little or no documentary
evidence:

... although the objective test is adopted (and is, indeed, necessary in order
to enable the courts to administer legal criteria that are not inherently
arbitrary), the  _practical reality_ is that much will depend on the precise
facts before the court concerned. In particular, the court will, wherever
possible, rely on relevant documents. Where, however, there is a dearth of
objective criteria (such as documents), the court will nevertheless attempt
its level best by examining closely (and in particular) the precise factual
matrix. [emphasis in original]

53 I distil the following guiding principles on the proper approach for
determining the existence of an oral agreement as set out in the cases cited
above:

(a) in ascertaining the existence of an oral agreement, the court will
consider the relevant documentary evidence (such as written correspondence)
and contemporaneous conduct of the parties at the material time;

(b) where possible, the court should look first at the relevant documentary
evidence;

(c) the availability of relevant documentary evidence reduces the need to rely
solely on the credibility of witnesses in order to ascertain if an oral
agreement exists;

(d) oral testimony may be less reliable as it is based on the witness’
recollection and it may be affected by subsequent events (such as the dispute
between the parties);

(e) credible oral testimony may clarify the existing documentary evidence;

(f) where the witness is not legally trained, the court should not place undue
emphasis on the choice of words; and

(g) if there is little or no documentary evidence, the court will nevertheless
examine the precise factual matrix to ascertain if there is an oral agreement
concluded between the parties.

54 I would add to [53(d)] above that, in the present case, _a fortiori_ ,
where some 12 or more years have passed since the disputed events took place,
oral testimony may become even less reliable.

55 Bearing in mind the burden of proof and the principles set out above, I now
turn to evaluate the evidence before me.

(3) Written correspondence

56 I first note that the alleged [Two] Agreements were not reduced into
writing. Neither was there any written record of the discussions which
allegedly led to the conclusion of the [Two] Agreements. The first defendant
submits that given the value of the deal and the sophistication of the parties
involved, the lack of documentary evidence would suggest that the [Two]
Agreements were never actually concluded.[note: 107] While it may have been
advisable for parties to reduce their agreement into writing (see _Forefront
Medical Technology (Pte) Ltd v Modern-Pak Pte Ltd_ [2006] 1 SLR(R) 927 at
[86]), I do not think that the failure to do so would necessarily be fatal to
the plaintiff’s case as an oral agreement is still an agreement (save for the
excepted categories). The crucial question is then whether the existence of
the agreement can be ascertained from the evidence available, including
written correspondence and contemporaneous conduct of the parties at the
material time.

57 The plaintiff submits that there is email correspondence which
incontrovertibly shows that the [Two] Agreements exist.[note: 108] In this
respect, the plaintiff relies on the email correspondence between [KA] and
[BD] in March 2002. In response to [Jacob]’s proposal in an email to [Ian]
dated 12 March 2002 for [JVC] to “seriously consider alternatives”
notwithstanding that they have presented the names of the preferred
vendors,[note: 109] [Aaron] from [KA] (signing off as “[Ian] and [Aaron]”)
stated in his email to [Jacob] dated 18 March 2002:[note: 110]

1\. Please feel free to enter into negotiations and ask for additional
quotations from any one [_sic_] who can assist us. It is also important for
prices comparison.

2\. Please bear in mind that _we do have obligations for 2 suppliers: Lenel
and [Y] as we have obligated ourselves for synchronization_. This was also
clarified after questions were sent from the minister.

[emphasis added]

58 The same was repeated by [KA] a few months later, in the email from
[Joseph] (on behalf of [Ian]) to [Zachary], dated 3 June 2002:[note: 111]

... because vendors such as [Y] and LENEL helped us through the tender stage,
we promised to use their equipment.

59 The plaintiff also refers to a chain of email correspondence between
[Zachary], [Amos] (Vice President for Fire and Services of [BC] as at June
2002[note: 112]), and [James] (Procurement Manager for [BD][note: 113]) which
suggests the existence of a “handshake” agreement:

(a) Email from [James] to [Zachary], copied to [Amos] among others, dated 1
April 2002:[note: 114]

At the moment there is very little visibility on this project, unlike C414.
This was evident during the meeting this week, when we were informed by [Y]
(Camera Supplier) that “he has shook [_sic_] hands on the order” and that we
are not getting any more discount. Please immediately give me a copy of their
latest quotation for review. NO commitments should be given to suppliers
unless a joint agreement has been made with [BD] & [KA].

(b) Email from [Amos] to [James] and [Zachary], copied to [Jacob] among
others, dated 3 April 2002:[note: 115]

Please confirm that we are not “shacking hands on orders”

(c) Email from [Jacob] to [Amos], [James] and [Zachary], dated 8 April
2002:[note: 116]

Do not understand what you mean by shacking hands on orders?

(d) Email from [Amos] to [Jacob], [James] and [Zachary], dated 8 April
2002:[note: 117]

As for the reference to “hand shake on orders” it refers to the point 3 in
[P’s] original email, regarding the [Y] order. I would like to confirm that
the policy of the company will be properly applied, JV or not.

60 At the hearing, [Zachary] agreed during cross-examination that the emails
showed that [James] was concerned about [Saul]’s assertion that there was an
agreement concluded by handshake between [BD] and the plaintiff.[note: 118]
[Zachary] also agreed that he and [Jacob] did not, in those emails, deny that
there was an agreement by handshake.[note: 119]

61 The first defendant argues, in relation to the email correspondence between
[KA] and [BD] in March 2002 (see [57] above), that it is unclear what [KA]
meant when it said that [KA] and [BD] have obligated themselves “for
synchronization”.[note: 120] Moreover, the first defendant says that this set
of email correspondence also does not shed light on the existence of the
[Second] Agreement.[note: 121] As for the email correspondence between
[James], [Zachary] and [Jacob] (see [59] above), the first defendant points
out that they do not show [Zachary] or [Jacob] acknowledging or confirming the
existence of an agreement by handshake.[note: 122]

62 I agree with the first defendant that the email correspondence does not
incontrovertibly show that the [Two] Agreements exist.

63 It should be noted that [Aaron]’s email to [Jacob] dated 18 March 2002 (see
[57] above) was in response to [Jacob]’s email of 12 March 2002. [Jacob] was
asking [KA] to “seriously consider alternatives” notwithstanding that they
have presented the name of preferred vendors. If the [Two] Agreements were in
existence and binding on both [KA] and [BD], it is strange that [Jacob] would
ask [KA] to seriously consider “alternatives” as that would have entailed
breaching the [Two] Agreements. Further, [Jacob] used the word “preferred”
vendor, which does not indicate a firm commitment to use a particular vendor.

64 [Aaron]’s response to [Jacob] was _not_ to say, _eg_ , “we cannot use
alternatives as we are under a contractual obligation”, or “we have agreed”,
or “we are bound to use [Y]’s CCTVs”; instead [Aaron] states that [Jacob]
should “feel free to enter into negotiations” and ask for quotations “from
anyone who can assist us”. [Aaron] then adds that “[i]t is _also_ important
for prices comparison” [emphasis added], which underlies the independence of
the first sentence from the second. This first paragraph is then followed by a
second paragraph where [Aaron] states that “we do have obligations for 2
suppliers … as we have obligated ourselves for synchronization.” Again,
[Aaron] does not use the words like “we have agreed” or “we have an agreement
to use” or “we are contractually bound to use”. Instead, [Aaron] explains the
obligation in the context of having “obligated [themselves] for
synchronization” which seems to refer to a technical obligation arising from
“synchronization” of [JVC]’s proposal to [XA] with the CCTV equipment and
systems of the plaintiff which points to compatibility or well-matched or
well-meshed equipment with a proposed system or process. Indeed, the use of
the word “synchronization” appears to be consistent with [Zachary]’s evidence
that he (as well as [BD]) was under the impression at the start that “the
tender [was] fully written based on [the plaintiff’s] specifications” which,
as it turned out, was not true.[note: 123]

65 I accept that in [Joseph]’s email to [Zachary] dated 3 June 2002 (see [58]
above), the statement -“we promised to use their equipment” -may be read as
“we agreed” to use their equipment, but it could equally be read to mean a
_moral_ , not legal, obligation. Further, read in context, the promise arose
because these vendors helped them through the tender stage, and that points to
a moral obligation.

66 In my view, these emails should be read in their entirety and in context.
Having done so, I find that they point to a moral obligation and not a legal
obligation to use the plaintiff’s equipment.

67 It is also noteworthy that no email, note or letter has been produced which
states or refers to an obligation to use the plaintiff’s CCTV equipment
because of an “agreement” to do so. Also, in none of the emails produced did
[BD] acknowledge that the [Two] Agreements exist.

68 Taken together, this runs contrary to plaintiff’s suggestion that [KA]
acknowledged the existence of the [First] Agreement in the email
correspondence to [BD], let alone show incontrovertibly that the [Two]
Agreements exist.

(4) Oral evidence

69 I now turn to the oral evidence of the key witnesses in the present case,
namely [Saul] and [Zachary]. [Zachary]’s evidence, in a nutshell, is that he
did not enter into the [Second] Agreement on behalf of [BD],[note: 124] and he
had no knowledge of the [First] Agreement.[note: 125] [Saul], on the other
hand, testified to the contrary.

(A) My assessment of [Saul]’s evidence

70 The only witness for the plaintiff was [Saul]. His son-in-law,[note: 126]
[Abel] was not called as a witness. [Abel]’s absence was conspicuous given
that he was in charge of [ARS (Israel)],was a director of the plaintiff, and
had also dealt with [KA] in Israel together with [Saul]. [Saul]’s excuse was
that [Abel] did not have much knowledge of what happened in Singapore as he
was only “handling the case in Israel”[note: 127] whereas [Saul] was the one
handling this case in Singapore.[note: 128] [Tobias] of [ARS (Singapore)] was
also not called. [Saul] stated under cross-examination that he closed [ARS
(Singapore)] a few months before the hearing but was still in touch with
[Tobias].[note: 129] [Saul] also did not attempt to get any evidence from
[KA]’s [Gabriel] and [Ian] as witnesses.[note: 130] [Saul] stated under cross-
examination that he knows [KA] well:

(a) notes of evidence, 26 May 2014, page 27, lines 22–25:[note: 131]

We signed contracts. With [KA], we do not sign contracts; that was a human
relation running for many, many years: shake hands, it’s good enough.

(b) notes of evidence, 26 May 2014, page 40, lines 2–3:[note: 132]

[KA] knows me so well. We are friends for many years. We are – work together
for many years.

71 [Saul] claims he and [KA] have worked on many projects together over the
years, but the evidence on the existence of the alleged [First] Agreement
comes only from [Saul]. Having said this, I do recognise that the plaintiff is
also in litigation with [KA] in Israel and in arbitration with them in
Singapore. Be that as it may, this consideration does not apply to [Abel] and
[Tobias] who were involved in the material events and would have been able to
give evidence for the plaintiff in these proceedings. It was put to [Saul]
that these witnesses were not called because he knew they would give adverse
evidence to his case. [Saul] denied this but did not offer any reason other
than that the documentary evidence is sufficient to prove its case.[note: 133]

72 It is also convenient at this stage to record my assessment of [Saul]’s
oral evidence. He was 76 years of age and quite hard of hearing. A computer
screen had to be set before him to enable him to read the questions put to
him. I found [Saul] to be a witness who only wanted to tell “his story” and
was unfortunately not willing to concede or acknowledge much else. This was so
even when the few contemporaneous documents were read and questions were put
to him. I need only to raise one example. At the hearing, an email dated 6
September 2002 from [Jason] of the technology branch of [XA] to [John], who
was also from [XA], was read to [Saul]. The content reads:[note: 134]

Arising from the discussion with Cluster Mgt, Tech Branch and Ops Planning,
the CCTV solution by [JVC] is not able to meet our Operations requirement and
the Technical Specification. This was surfaced during our review of the PDR
Doc. I wish to highlight the following non-compliances (major) which we have
identified during our meeting.

73 The email was clearly inconsistent with his AEIC, in which [Saul] claimed
it was [JVC] that raised issues to [XA] and “poisoned” [XA] against the
plaintiff. [Saul]’s response was first, “[t]hat’s what you say” and then “I
disagree”.[note: 135] He also tended to refuse to answer questions or answered
before the question was completed. Even if I gave him appropriate latitude due
to his hearing problem, it did not account for the frequent recurrence of such
behaviour. I therefore do not place much reliance on his oral evidence.

(B) My assessment of [Zachary]’s evidence

74 The plaintiff says that [Zachary]’s evidence on the discussion that he had
with [Saul] which, according to the plaintiff, led to the conclusion of the
[Second] Agreement in April 2001 should be treated with caution because he
gave conflicting evidence.[note: 136] At one point during the cross-
examination, when [Zachary] was asked if he agrees that he had concluded the
[Second] Agreement on behalf of [BD], he said that:[note: 137]

_I---I may have agreed that we will submit [Y]’s proposal if the product is of
full compliance and the price is of a correct price level_. But in no position
will I be able to commit to him on _all the terms_ that is going to be laid
down, because I was only a sales manager at that point in time, and I still
have bosses on top of me which [_sic_] will make all the final decision.
[emphasis added]

75 Later in the day, when asked the same question albeit in a slightly
different manner, [Zachary] testified twice that he cannot recall the details
of the discussion.[note: 138] The plaintiff’s point is that [Zachary] could
not possibly disagree with [Saul] on whether there was a valid agreement
concluded between the plaintiff and [BD] in April 2001 if he could not recall
the details of the discussions.[note: 139]

76 Apart from that, the plaintiff points to three other instances where it
submits that [Zachary] had given inconsistent evidence. The first instance is
when [Zachary] was asked if he was present at the 28 March 2002 meeting
between the plaintiff and [BD] during which [Saul] allegedly informed [James]
about the [First] Agreement and [Second] Agreement.[note: 140] This was the
meeting which led to the chain of email correspondence within [BD] on the
alleged “handshake” agreement (see [59] above). [Zachary]’s evidence during
cross-examination was that he does not recall such a meeting, and even if
there was one, he was “definitely not there”.[note: 141] This was contradicted
by the evidence of [Saul] and [James]. Both of them testified that [Zachary]
was present at the meeting of 28 March 2002.[note: 142]

77 The second instance occurred when [Zachary] was asked if he was present at
the meeting with [XA] during which the alleged non-compliances of the
plaintiff’s CCTV sub-system were raised.[note: 143] He initially insisted that
he was not there, but subsequently conceded that he was present at the
meeting.[note: 144] In particular, the plaintiff cites the following extract
from the notes of evidence and asserts that it shows [Zachary] interrupting
counsel for the plaintiff, Mr Paul Wong (“Mr Wong”), and saying that he was
not present at the meeting with [XA]:

Q:... Would you mind going to the third volume of the agreed bundle of
documents. Please turn to page 1498. This is an e-mail dated 6 September 2002
in which Mr [Jason] of [XA] writes to Mr [John] of [XA] to say:

“Sir.

Arising from the discussion with [cluster management], [tech branch] and [ops
planning], the CCTV solution by [JVC] is not able to meet our Operations
requirement and the Technical Specification. This was surfaced during our
review on the PDR Doc.

I wish to highlight the following non-compliances (major) which we have
identified during our meeting.”

Then he goes on to list some -- what he refers to as major non-compliances. Do
you see that?

A:Yes.

Q:In fact, what we are seeing from documents -- _I wasn’t there at that point
in time, Mr [Zachary] --_ but what we are seeing from the documents is that
this is the first time non-compliance is being raised on the CCTV issue. Okay?

A:Right.

[emphasis added]

78 I do not agree that it was [Zachary] who said the words “I wasn’t there at
that point in time”. To my mind, it was clearly a part of the question by Mr
Wong. It certainly appears so on the face of the record. In particular, I note
that the alleged interruption ended with “..., Mr [Zachary]” and in my view,
it would be highly unusual for [Zachary] to speak this manner. Accordingly,
there is no real basis to allege that [Zachary] had given inconsistent
evidence on this point.

79 The third instance is when [Zachary], in his affidavit filed for the
Israeli proceedings, stated that the CCTV sub-contract (which gave rise to the
allegedly fictitious Purchase Order) mandates that any dispute between the
plaintiff and [JVC] must be referred to arbitration.[note: 145] The plaintiff
asserts that this is inconsistent with [JVC]’s letter faxed to the plaintiff
on 9 October 2002, which stated that the CCTV sub-contract was null and void
in light of the cancellation of the Purchase Order for the plaintiff’s CCTV
sub-system.[note: 146] In fact, the plaintiff’s position was that the CCTV
sub-contract was never signed. [Zachary] could not explain for the
inconsistency when asked during cross-examination.[note: 147] The plaintiff
submits that [Zachary] knew, at the time when he signed the affidavit in 2004,
that the contents of the affidavit were false. This is because [Zachary] was
the one who had asked [KA] to forward the CCTV sub-contract to the plaintiff
and it would follow that he must have been the one to receive the signed copy
of the CCTV sub-contract. Be that as it may, [Zachary] could not answer when
asked during cross-examination if the plaintiff had signed the CCTV sub-
contract.[note: 148]

80 In light of the various inconsistencies, the plaintiff submits, therefore,
that [Zachary] is not a credible witness and that [Saul]’s evidence in
relation to the discussion which allegedly led to the conclusion of the
[Second] Agreement should be preferred.

81 The first defendant submits that [Zachary]’s credibility cannot be
questioned simply because he cannot recall certain specific events which
occurred more than ten years ago.[note: 149] The first defendant further
argues that while [Zachary] does not recall the time and exact details of the
discussion, he testified that he was certain he did not conclude any agreement
with [Saul].[note: 150] The first defendant also tries to rely on the fact
that [Zachary] was not a willing witness and had to be compelled to testify by
way of a subpoena to argue that [Zachary]’s evidence is reliable and should be
given significant weight.[note: 151]

82 My assessment of [Zachary] is that he is a truthful witness. He was direct
in his answers, did not try to evade questions and frankly admitted he could
not remember certain facts. I note that [Zachary] joined [BD] around
2000.[note: 152] He left in 2003[note: 153] and gave evidence in court around
11 years after he left [BD] of events that took place some 12 years earlier.
He had no reason to be partial to [BD]. He was subpoenaed as he had declined
to give any AEIC for [BD]. Whilst I disagree with the first defendant’s
submission that this fact alone means greater weight should be accorded to
[Zachary]’s evidence, his evidence has to be assessed in all its facets and
this is certainly one facet that I take into account. It does show that he did
not come forward as a willing supporter of [BD] and the evidence he gave was
consistent with someone who was neutral.

83 In my assessment of witnesses’ credibility, I would prefer [Zachary]’s
evidence over [Saul]’s. There was no suggestion that [Zachary] had the time
and opportunity to peruse documents before he gave his evidence. As noted
earlier, these events took place some 12 years ago and he had left [BD] since
2003. His answers many a time that he could not remember appeared to me to be
truthful and not evasive. I also observed him reading the document when a
question was put to him on that document; he certainly did not show any signs
of familiarity with its contents nor was he able to rebut any suggestion by
counsel by referring to other emails or documents.

84 I do not agree with the plaintiff’s submission that [Zachary] cannot deny
the existence of the [Second] Agreement since he cannot recall the details of
the discussions with [Saul]. In my view, it is quite possible for [Zachary] to
say that he does not recall the details of the discussions with [Saul] and at
the same time reject the suggestion that the alleged [Second] Agreement was
concluded. I accept [Zachary]’s evidence that he was a sales manager in [BD],
which was a relatively junior appointment that would not give him the
authority to commit his company to a contract.[note: 154] [Zachary] would have
had to report to his superior, [Jacob], the general manager of [BD]. So whilst
[Zachary] could not remember the details of his discussion with [Saul], it is
perfectly consonant with the truth and his assertion that he would not have
entered into a commitment or contract with [Saul] because of his limited
authority. It was not disputed that this was a large contract for [BD] and
although it only involved Phase 1, if all went well, there were four other
phases to be separately tendered where [XA] and its consultants would be
favourably disposed to awarding them to [BD]. I also accept [Zachary]’s
evidence that the discussions were still in their early stages. Given the lack
of authority on his part to commit [BD], [Zachary] would not have entered into
such an agreement. It is also worth noting that this was not a simple
contractor-supplier arrangement. It was a large contract, involving a
sensitive project with prospects of further contracts and a relatively
sophisticated system was being called for. Further, [BD] was entering into a
joint venture with a company that it had not previously dealt with.

85 I need to also comment on the fact that parts of certain documents were
read out to [Zachary], the contents of which were clearly not something he was
very familiar with, and questions were then put to him in cross-examination
for his agreement with certain propositions. Whilst I hasten to add that Mr
Wong was not doing anything improper, and that his cross-examination was fair
and within the bounds of propriety, it was evident that when [Zachary] was
being read something he had not seen for more than ten years (or that he may
not even have read at the material time). He could only answer from what he
had just read. Some of the questions, however, posited a fact as their basis
extrapolated from the text and concerned something that happened some 12 years
ago. To illustrate the point, I reproduce an extract from the notes of
evidence below:[note: 155]

Q:… turn to page 1502, you will see that there is an email from Mr [John]
[from [XA]] to someone whose e-mail address is [xxx]. We can see from the text
of the e-mail, he says:

“Hi [xxx] & [xxx] [from [XF]]

…

During the course of discussion with [JVC] regarding the design of the CCTV
sub-system, we realised that the [Y] system does not meet our operational
requirements. Over & above this, these are non-compliant to the RFP. Specific
instances of this are listed in the table below.

Our view is that whatever system is ultimately chosen must meet our
fundamental operational requirements. Since [Y] does not do this, please
inform/instruct [JVC] to counter-propose alternative systems for our
consideration.”

Do you see that?

A:Yes.

QThis is September 2002. The email I showed you earlier about [PT] is July
2002. Okay?

A:Right.

Q:This is why I said to you that even before anything happened, when the POs
were being settled, you were already looking at [PT], correct?

A:Right.

…

Q:[XA] are not CCTV experts, right?

A:Their tech branch is pretty technically sound.

Q:But they are definitely not experts in the [Y] equipment, right?

A:No.

Q:It seems to me that although they don’t have specific knowledge of the [Y]
system, they seem to have – here – obtained information that the [Y] system
cannot do certain things right?

A:Right.

The email Mr Wong was referring to was an email from [John] to its security
consultant, [XF], in September 2002. It was not apparent whether [Zachary] had
seen it at the material time or whether he had read it recently, _ie_ , before
the trial, to refresh his memory. The latter was unlikely given the way he
read the document whilst on the witness stand. The last question contained a
number of propositions, taken as fact. First, it presumes that [XA] does not
have “specific knowledge” of the plaintiff’s CCTV sub-system. That is not
really true because [Zachary]’s earlier answer is that their technology branch
is “pretty technically sound” and they would have come to possess specific
knowledge of the plaintiff’s CCTV sub-system as they had to evaluate the same.
Secondly, another proposition works itself into the question, _viz_ , [XA]
seems to have obtained information that the plaintiff’s CCTV sub-system cannot
do certain things. That too is incorrect. [XA] was evaluating the plaintiff’s
CCTV sub-system, and it certainly could have acquired that information from
their evaluation. It also ignores what was just read out from the email from
[John] to [XF]: “[d]uring the course of discussion with [JVC] regarding the
design of the CCTV sus-system, _we realised_ that …” [emphasis added]. This
line of cross-examination cannot found a submission therefore that someone had
“poisoned” the ear of [XA] that the plaintiff’s CCTV sub-system was inadequate
or did not meet the RFP requirements.

86 Having considered the oral evidence of [Zachary], I accept his evidence and
make the following findings:

(a) It was [ARS (Singapore)]’s [Tobias], an acquaintance, who first contacted
[Zachary] about the [Project] and asked him to consider partnering with
someone else, not local, who was interested in the tender.[note: 156]

(b) [Zachary] did not come to any agreement or understanding with [Saul] that
the joint venture, if entered into, would only use the plaintiff’s CCTV sub-
system and no other CCTV sub-systems.[note: 157]

(c) He probably agreed that [BD] will submit the plaintiff’s proposal but
qualified it by saying: “if the product is of full compliance and the price is
of a correct price level”,[note: 158] because he would be in no position to
have the authority to commit on all the terms that were going to be laid down.
He was only a sales manager at that point in time, and was not the one who
would make the “final decision”.[note: 159] Also, at that point in time when
he spoke to [Saul], it was at an early stage, and “it is not possible that
[he] will go into such detailed agreement with a vendor at that stage”.[note:
160]

(d) To the proposition that the plaintiff was replaced because of its price,
there is some truth in that. It is also a fact that [PT] entered the picture
at an earlier stage, around April 2002, and despite [PT]’s price being some
$1.9m lower than the plaintiff’s price,[note: 161] [JVC] continued with the
plaintiff’s equipment as part of its proposal to [XA].

(e) However, [Zachary] was very clear in his mind that there was a technical
non-compliance issue with the plaintiff’s CCTV as far as [XA] was concerned.
Notably, the [XA]’s “ground people” were not happy with the [Y]
solution.[note: 162] Furthermore, when the tender was called, [BD] was under
the impression that the tender was fully written on the plaintiff’s
specification, but after [JVC] secured the contract, when [BD] was working
with [XA]’s “ground people”, that assumption turned out to be untrue because a
lot of the specifications “has been changed” and it was not a “[Y]
solution”.[note: 163]

(f) [Saul]’s evidence that at the last meeting, [XA] was very impressed by his
cameras, which they thought were state-of-the-art and could pick up things
very clearly from afar, and had said “[p]lease, we want your system”, is not
true.[note: 164]

87 I also do not think that it is fair to doubt [Zachary]’s credibility just
because he could not explain why he stated in his affidavit filed in the
Israeli proceedings that the arbitration clause in the CCTV sub-contract would
apply. While he had testified that he cannot remember if the CCTV sub-contract
was signed by the plaintiff,[note: 165] and I appreciate that the plaintiff’s
position is that it was never signed, it does not follow that [Zachary] must
have been lying when he stated in his affidavit that the arbitration clause
would apply. It is possible that at that point in time he might have seen a
signed copy of the CCTV sub-contract (if there was one) or he might have been
told by someone that it was duly signed (even if it was not). His evidence is
that he cannot remember now. It is also possible that he might have been
advised that the arbitration clause incorporated in the CCTV sub-contract
remains effective despite termination (see _Heyman v Darwins Ltd_ [1942] AC
356). Hence, I do not think that it can be said that [Zachary] would have in
all likelihood been lying in his affidavit filed in the Israeli proceedings.

88 The plaintiff submits, in the alternative, that [Saul] had spoken to
[Jacob] about the terms of the [First] Agreement, and that [Jacob] had also
agreed to the terms of the [Second] Agreement.[note: 166] The plaintiff says
that [Saul]’s evidence on this point had not been challenged,[note: 167] and
[Jacob] had not been called as a witness to rebut [Saul]’s evidence.[note:
168] I do not consider that [Saul]’s assertion alone would suffice. As the
Court of Appeal in _Wong Hua Choon_ observed at [40], the “ _subjective_
statements of witnesses  _alone_ are, in the nature of things, often
unhelpful” [emphasis in original]. Accordingly, I would hesitate to put much
weight on [Saul]’s evidence on its own. As noted above, [Saul] did not call
[Abel] or [Tobias]. Whilst counsel for the first defendant, Mr Dhillon Dinesh
(“Mr Dhillon”), challenged [Saul] on the absence of these witnesses, Mr Wong
did not challenge [Jacob]’s absence from the first defendant’s witnesses. As
[Gabriel] and [Ian] were also not called as witnesses, I am left with the
evidence of [Saul] and [Zachary]. On balance, and bearing in mind that the
reliability of his evidence would have suffered from the considerable passage
of time, I accept the evidence of [Zachary] on the main points mentioned
above.

(4) Conduct of the parties

89 Apart from the written correspondence and the oral evidence of the
witnesses, the plaintiff submits that the conduct of the parties also suggests
that the [Two] Agreements exist. The plaintiff raises two points: first, the
plaintiff assisted [BD] and [KA] in the tender for the ISS sub-contract and
became the preferred vendor for the supply of the CCTV sub-system;[note: 169]
secondly, [JVC] issued the Purchase Order for the plaintiff’s CCTV sub-system
without going through the usual procedure (which requires three quotations)
and despite there being a cheaper quotation.[note: 170]

90 I have my reservations about using the conduct of parties to prove the
existence of a contract. There may be some cases where there is clear conduct
which points one way and not to another, but given the complex relationships
between human beings, more often than not, conduct can be explained by a
number of reasons which does not have only one explanation or there may be
varying degrees of weight pointing to one conclusion. For this reason, the
Court of Appeal stated in _Zurich Insurance (Singapore) Pte Ltd v B-Gold
Interior Design & Construction Pte Ltd_ [2008] 3 SLR(R) 1029, in the context
of construction of a contractual term, at [132(d)] that:

... Further, where extrinsic evidence in the form of prior negotiations and
subsequent conduct is concerned, we find the views expressed in [Gerard
McMeel, “Prior Negotiations and Subsequent Conduct - The Next Step Forward for
Contractual Interpretation?” (2003) 119 LQR 272] persuasive. For this reason,
there should be no absolute or rigid prohibition against evidence of previous
negotiations or subsequent conduct, although, in the normal case, such
evidence is likely to be inadmissible for non-compliance with the requirements
set out at [125] and [128] – [129] above. (We should add that the relevance of
subsequent conduct remains a controversial and evolving topic that will
require more extensive scrutiny by this court at a more appropriate juncture.)
…

91 The plaintiff submits that, since the first defendant did not proffer any
explanation for [Saul]’s assisting [JVC], it is inconceivable that the
plaintiff would have acted as such without an arrangement in place to protect
its interest and it follows that the parties must have concluded the [Two]
Agreements.[note: 171]

92 The first defendant’s response is that even though [James] was informed
that the plaintiff was regarded as the preferred vendor for the CCTV sub-
system, it does not necessarily follow that there must have been an oral
agreement to that effect.[note: 172] The first defendant argues that there is
a fundamental difference between having a _preference_ for a certain vendor
because its equipment was commercially attractive and technically suitable for
the project and having an _obligation_ to use the vendor because of a legally
binding agreement with the vendor.[note: 173]

93 I agree with the first defendant’s submission in this point. There is no
doubt of the following facts, and I so find. On its own, [BD] would not
qualify to tender for this project. On its own, [KA] (whether it lost its
Singapore partner as alleged by [Saul], and on which I make no finding as to
its truth since no one from [KA] came to give evidence) would not have
qualified to tender for this project (see [10(a)] above). [KA] and [Saul] had
co-operated on other projects in Israel before and had a business relationship
(see [9] above). [KA] and [Saul] had the requisite track record having taken
part in the construction of the [overseas project] in Israel (see [9] above),
which was visited by [XA]. It is not denied that the [JVC] came to be set up
because of [Saul]’s introduction.[note: 174] Neither does the first defendant
appear to be contesting [James]’s evidence that the plaintiff was selected by
[JVC] at the pre-tender stage as the “most commercially attractive” vendor
with the “most technically suitable” solution for the CCTV sub-system.[note:
175] This would make sense because [Saul]’s track record of having been a
vendor of the CCTV system for the [overseas project] would only add to its
attractiveness to [XA] when [XA] evaluated the tenders. Further, [XA] had an
Israeli consultant, [Michael], who was acquainted with [Saul] and [KA] (see
[8]-[9] above). The introduction of [BD] and [KA] to each other and the
setting up of the [JVC] was rushed because the looming deadline for the RFI
was on 10 May 2001 (see [10] above) and it was only on 8 May 2001 that [Jacob]
emailed [Amos], referring to a meeting with “[Gabriel] and [Ian]” and
recommending the signing of the Memorandum of Understanding without delay.

94 It is also a fact that [Saul] was not in a position, on his own, to supply
the plaintiff’s CCTV sub-system to [XA] as this came as a part of the Phase 1
contract. There is some evidence that the whole contract was worth about $28m
to $29m and the CCTV sub-contract was around $4.855m with the CCTV component
at US$2,692,060.00 (which was subsequently reduced by 2.5% to
US$2,624,758.50). From [Saul]’s perspective, putting [KA] and [BD] together
would have earned him their gratitude. Putting them together would also serve
his purpose as the plaintiff could be their “preferred vendor”. I find that
this was what happened here. There is a specific meaning of the phrase
“preferred vendor” in the context of a construction contract. A “preferred
vendor” or supplier of some particular equipment by a contractor means just
that, _ie_ , the contractor would prefer to use this supplier’s equipment.
However, that would invariably be subject to the approval of the employer or
its consultants. That cannot be guaranteed. A contractor could therefore never
be absolutely certain (except perhaps in a very small percentage of cases
where the supplier of such equipment is extremely reputable and is about the
only one making reliable equipment or machinery that is used worldwide) that
its preferred vendor would be endorsed; committing itself to the preferred
vendor or supplier at that stage would not have made any business sense. It is
therefore of some significance when the evidence shows the plaintiff being
referred to as a “preferred vendor”, and it makes sense for [Zachary] to say
that, at the early stage, all he could agree to, if at all he could, was to
use the plaintiff’s CCTV sub-system provided that it “is of full compliance
and the price is of a correct price level”. [Saul], [KA] and [BD] felt then
that putting forward the plaintiff’s CCTV sub-system for [JVC]’s tender would
carry weight and give comfort to [XA] because of their prior collaboration on
what [Saul] claimed was a “model” modern [project] which [XA] had visited
through their facilitation. Furthermore, [Michael], another Israeli known to
[Saul], was one of the consultants of [XA] who was also involved in the
[overseas project] in Israel (see [8] above). That assumption must have worked
in part because the tender was awarded to [JVC] in February 2002. I therefore
do not accept that the plaintiff would not have acted as it did but for the
existence of the [Two] Agreements.

95 The plaintiff also submits that the fact that [JVC] issued the Purchase
Order for the plaintiff’s CCTV sub-system without going through the usual
procedure (which requires three quotations) and notwithstanding that there was
a cheaper quotation clearly supports its contention that the [Two] Agreements
exist.[note: 176] At the hearing, [Zachary] accepted that the other quotation
for the CCTV sub-system was $1.9m cheaper than the plaintiff,[note: 177] and
going with the plaintiff’s CCTV sub-system would have reduced the first
defendant’s profit margin by at least 5%. The plaintiff argues that the first
defendant decided to go with the plaintiff’s CCTV sub-system despite the lower
profit margin because of the [Two] Agreements.

96 This submission fails to recognise that there may be other reasons why this
was done. [KA] and [BD] may very well have felt gratitude to [Saul], as I so
find, and felt a _moral_ obligation to try their best to use the plaintiff’s
CCTV sub-system for the [Project]. As [Zachary] candidly admitted, he was
grateful to [Saul] for introducing [KA] to [BD], and that he was under the
impression that the plaintiff’s CCTV sub-system was in full compliance with
the technical requirements (which obviates the need to make changes
later).[note: 178] Hence, despite the significantly lower price of [PT]’s CCTV
sub-system at an early stage, [JVC] continued to go along with the plaintiff.
Also, as noted above, the Israeli connection was a perceived advantage with
[XA] and there was the reputational factor; there was no evidence that [PT]
had a similar track record of supplying CCTV sub-system for such projects.
Accordingly, I disagree with the plaintiff that these two points amounted to
conduct that proved the existence of the [Two] Agreements.

97 The first defendant also raises four points in respect of the conduct of
the parties which it argues would show that the [Two] Agreements were never
concluded. First, the plaintiff and [JVC] were still negotiating on the price
even after the [Two] Agreement was allegedly concluded. Secondly, [JVC] issued
two requests for quotation even after the March 2002 meeting during which
[Saul] was said to have informed [James] about the [Two] Agreements. Thirdly,
the plaintiff and [ARS (Israel)] did not appear to have objected to the
Purchase Order and the CCTV sub-contract. Fourthly, the plaintiff did not
write to [BD] to allege that there was a breach of the alleged [Second]
Agreement when [JVC] decided to replace the CCTV supplier with [PT]. I will
deal with each point in turn.

98 As to the first point, the first defendant argues this is contrary to the
plaintiff’s position that there was an initial agreement for US$2,692,060.00
which was subsequently reduced by 2.5% to US$2,624,758.50 (see [39] above).
The first defendant highlights the fact that [ARS (Israel)], in its letters to
[KA] dated 20 May 2002 and 2 June 2002,[note: 179] consistently used the term
“offer” to refer to the initial quotation dated 18 October 2001 sent by [ARS
(Israel)] to [KA] and the subsequent discounted price.[note: 180] According to
the first defendant, this would have led a reasonable person in the place of
the promisee (_ie_ , [JVC]) to think that it was a mere offer. The first
defendant also claims that the plaintiff was cognizant of the fact that there
was no binding agreement until a purchase order was issued by [JVC].[note:
181] The first defendant argues that this was why [Saul] had to demand for the
Purchase Order to be issued immediately to [ARS (Israel)] in early August
2002.[note: 182]

99 However, I do not agree that this shows that the [Two] Agreements do not
exist. The terms of the [Two] Agreements, as alleged by the plaintiff, do not
require [JVC] to agree with the price of the plaintiff’s CCTV equipment.
Instead, the [Second] Agreement provides that [BD] would leave the
negotiations on the pricing, among other things, to [KA] and accept the prices
agreed between the plaintiff and [KA].[note: 183] Hence, the fact that [JVC]
never agreed on the price for the plaintiff’s CCTV equipment would not
necessarily militate against a finding that the [Two] Agreements exist. In
fact, the conduct of the plaintiff in negotiating with [KA] solely rather than
[JVC] or [BD] would appear to be consistent with the alleged terms of the
[Two] Agreements.

100 As to the second point, [Saul]’s evidence was that he informed [James]
about the [Two] Agreements during their meeting in March 2002.[note: 184] Even
then, [James] still issued the two requests for quotation dated 12 and 19
April 2002.[note: 185] [Saul]’s evidence was that he ignored them as it was in
breach of the [Second] Agreement.[note: 186] The first defendant submits that
the conduct of [James] shows that [BD] did not see itself as having reached an
agreement _on price_ with the plaintiff.[note: 187] The inference to be drawn,
according to the first defendant, is that the [Second] Agreement does not
exist. For the same reason above, I do not agree. Another explanation, which
is equally plausible, is that [James] is acting in breach of the [Second]
Agreement.

101 As to the third point, the first defendant submits that the plaintiff and
[ARS (Israel)] did not appear to have objected to the Purchase Order and the
CCTV sub-contract despite the serious allegations raised by the plaintiff at
the trial (see [40] above).[note: 188] The first defendant highlights that the
plaintiff did not produce any documentary evidence to show that [Ian] told
[Saul] to disregard the Purchase Order as he would get [JVC] to eliminate all
the terms raised by [BD] unilaterally.[note: 189] Further, the first defendant
claims that the contemporaneous documents show that the issuance of the
Purchase Order was not a unilateral act on the part of [BD], and [KA] actually
agreed to it:[note: 190]

(a) Email from [James] to [Zachary], dated 11 July 2002:[note: 191]

1) Excluding the Order to ITS, all order should be subject [to [Z]’s] Sub-
contract Terms & Conditions. I’ve explained to Amnon, and will state this on
the PO cover & attach a blank copy for him to take back to Israel.

(b) Email from [Zachary] to [James] and others, dated 11 July 2002:[note: 192]

Amnon told me about the sub-contract T&C that you’ve mentioned to him and he
is agreeable to this arrangement in item 1.

102 The first defendant submits that these emails reveal that [Gabriel], who
was working for [KA], agreed that the Purchase Order should be issued with the
CCTV sub-contract.

103 The first defendant further asserts that the chain of correspondence
between [BD], [KA], [ARS (Israel)] and the plaintiff would show that the
plaintiff believed that the Purchase Order and CCTV sub-contract were “valid
and existing”:[note: 193]

(a) Email from [Zachary] to [Joseph], dated 12 August 2002, with subject “Sub-
Contract Agreement for [Y]”:[note: 194]

Please insert the Schedule of Unit Rates from [Y] as Appendix 1.0 and the
detail[ed] scope of work as Appendix 2.0. With these, you may send it to [Y]
for review. If [Y] do not have problems with these, we will then send them a
signed copy.

(b) Email from [Joseph] to [Zachary], dated 12 August 2002:[note: 195]

[Ian] pointed out that [Y] will have to supply only equipment and not work
like [xxx], so he wonders if it is necessary to send [Y] the sub contract
agreement.

Please advise.

(c) Email from [Zachary] to [Joseph], dated 12 August 2002 was forwarded by
[Joseph] to [Abel] on 13 August 2002.[note: 196]

(d) Email from [Abel] to [Saul], dated 13 August 2002:[note: 197]

Att. Mr [Saul]

Enclosed is the actual order + contract from [KA] + [BD] / We are still
waiting for the “terms of payment” and the confirmation on the L/C that [Ian]
will provide after his visit to Singapore – some attachments to this contract
I will [send] by Fax. In any case nothing is to be [provided] before we all
get an O.K on the CDR.

104 The first defendant points out that there was not a single reference to
the [First] Agreement, and that [Abel] did not object to the Purchase Order
and CCTV sub-contract on the basis that they were inconsistent with the
alleged [First] Agreement.[note: 198] Accordingly, the first defendant submits
that this set of emails shows that the [Two] Agreements do not exist.

105 In response, the plaintiff argues that, first, the “Amnon” in the email
refers to [Robert] of [JVC], who is an Israeli working with [JVC] on the
[Project] and is the “main person communicating with the design team in
Israel”.[note: 199] The plaintiff adds that this is consistent with the fact
that [KA] was not copied in the emails and that, according to [Saul]’s
evidence, [Gabriel] had no knowledge of the Purchase Order and CCTV sub-
contract when [Saul] asked him.[note: 200] Next, the plaintiff submits that
the email from [Joseph] to [Zachary] dated 12 August 2002 clearly showed that
[KA] did not agree with [BD] that the CCTV sub-contract should be sent to the
plaintiff.[note: 201] The plaintiff also explains that it had not written to
[JVC] or [BD] to object on the Purchase Order and the CCTV sub-contract
because there was a shortage of time.[note: 202] On the other hand, [Saul]
says that he checked with [Gabriel] who said he did not know and directed
[Saul] to talk with [Ian] who was also in Singapore for the CDR meeting.[note:
203] As mentioned earlier (see [40] above), [Saul] claims [Ian] told him that
it was [BD]’s unilateral act to which [KA] did not agree. Lastly, the
plaintiff argues that [Abel] did not object to the Purchase Order and CCTV
sub-contract when he forwarded it to [Saul] as the main purpose of the email
was simply to inform [Saul] not to begin production of the CCTV
equipment.[note: 204]

106 In my view, the conduct of the parties in relation to the issuance of the
Purchase Order and the CCTV sub-contract does not support the first
defendant’s case that the [Two] Agreements do not exist. For clarity, I should
add that it also does not show that the [Two] Agreements exist. My reasons are
two-fold.

107 I do not agree that the emails between [James] and [Zachary] (see [101]
above) indicate that [KA] had agreed with [BD] on the issuance of the Purchase
Order and the CCTV sub-contract. In fact, the email from [Joseph] to [Zachary]
dated 12 August 2002 (see [103(b)] above) would suggest that [KA] had doubts
on whether it was necessary to send the plaintiff the CCTV sub-contract
because they were only supplying equipment. It is unclear if [Zachary]
responded to [Joseph]. In any event, [Joseph] forwarded the Purchase Order and
CCTV sub-contract to [Abel]. It is also unclear if [Joseph] did so on his own
accord or with the approval of [Ian]. As it stands, the evidence would appear
to be more consistent with [Saul]’s testimony that [Ian] had told him that the
issuance of the Purchase Order and the CCTV sub-contract was the unilateral
act of [BD].

108 Furthermore, I disagree that the chain of correspondence between [BD],
[KA], [ARS (Israel)] and the plaintiff (see [103] above) shows that the
plaintiff believed that the Purchase Order and CCTV sub-contract were “valid
and existing”. I accept that there was no reference to the [First] Agreement,
and that [Abel] did not appear to object to the terms of the Purchase Order
and CCTV sub-contract on the face of the email. I also note that [Saul] had
not written to [JVC] or [BD] to raise his objections on the Purchase Order and
CCTV sub-contract. However, it does not follow that the plaintiff must have
agreed with the contents of the Purchase Order and CCTV sub-contract (which
therefore, implies that the [Two] Agreements do not exist). It may well be
that the plaintiff had raised its objections with [KA] directly, and as noted
earlier, [Saul]’s evidence (on [Ian]’s response) appears to be corroborated by
[Joseph]’s email to [Zachary] dated 12 August 2002. Even though [Abel] did not
object to the Purchase Order and CCTV sub-contract when he forwarded it to
[Saul], I do not think that much weight should be placed on that. As [Saul]
mentioned during the hearing, it was not the job of [Abel] to
scrutinise.[note: 205] This was consistent with [Abel]’s email, which appeared
to only be informing [Saul] not to commence production until the issues of
payment and CDR have been settled.[note: 206] I find the evidence on this
point to be equivocal and inconclusive.

109 Fourthly, the first defendant submits that the plaintiff did not write to
[BD] to say that there was a breach of the alleged [Second] Agreement when
[JVC] decided to replace the CCTV supplier with [PT], and that this suggests
that there was no [Second] Agreement.[note: 207] It is not disputed that the
plaintiff wrote to [KA] but not to [BD]. [Saul]’s explanation was that he had
called [Jacob] and asked him out to talk.[note: 208] According to [Saul],
[Jacob] told him that there was nothing he can do and that it was up to his
“bosses”.[note: 209] The first defendant asserts that [Saul]’s evidence that
he had called [Jacob] should not be accepted as it contradicts the email from
[Jacob] to [Gabriel] dated 27 November 2002 and the relevant part reads:[note:
210]

To prove our sincerity, [JVC] did sent [_sic_] the order to [Y] but subject to
CDR approval. _You and I cancelled the order_ since their product was rejected
by the client. [emphasis added]

110 I do not agree with the first defendant that [Saul]’s evidence necessarily
contradicts the email from [Jacob] to [Gabriel]. The apparent inconsistency
does not invariably mean that [Saul]’s evidence is flawed and should not be
accepted. There are possible explanations that can reconcile [Saul]’s evidence
with the email from [Jacob] to [Gabriel]. One possibility is that [Jacob]
cancelled the order under the strict instructions of his “bosses”. In fact,
this appears to be consistent with the plaintiff’s case. Another possibility
is that [Jacob] was trying to downplay his role and avoid any confrontation
with [Saul]. Hence, I do not agree that the email from [Jacob] to [Gabriel]
would show that [Saul] did not call [Jacob] over the alleged breach of the
[Second] Agreement. Having said that, I should make it clear that, in my view,
it is the absence of any form of communication to protest about the alleged
breach of the [Two] Agreements that might possibly cast a doubt on the
existence of the [Two] Agreements. Hence, the real question should be whether
the plaintiff had communicated, directly or otherwise, with [BD] over the
alleged breach of the [Second] Agreement. It does not matter whether the
protest was done through letter or telephone call. In any event, I do not
think that much weight should be placed on the point that the plaintiff had
not communicated _directly_ with [BD] on the alleged breach of the [Second]
Agreement since it is clear from [Saul]’s evidence that he had preferred to
communicate with [BD] through [KA].[note: 211] For avoidance of doubt,
however, I should add that the fact that [Saul] might have communicated,
directly or indirectly, with [KA] or [BD] over the alleged breach of the
[Second] Agreement is inconclusive – [Saul] could well have done the same even
if the [Second] Agreement does _not_ actually exist.

111 Accordingly, I do not agree with both the plaintiff and the first
defendant that the conduct of the parties is clear evidence that the [Two]
Agreements exist or do not exist.

(5) Inconsistency with terms of the Joint Venture Agreement

112 The first defendant submits that the terms of the Joint Venture Agreement
(“JVA”) for [JVC] puts in doubt the existence of the [Two] Agreements. Under
the JVA, the power to approve sub-contracts and supply contracts lies with the
management committee of [JVC].[note: 212] Put differently, [KA] or [BD] could
not unilaterally agree on the price with a supplier and bind [JVC] to such an
agreement. The first defendant argues that this casts a doubt on the existence
of the [Second] Agreement, which states that [BD] agree to be bound by the
price agreed upon by [KA], the plaintiff and [ARS (Israel)] (see [17] above).

113 I accept that there appears to be an inconsistency between the alleged
terms of the [Two] Agreements and the JVA. Be that as it may, I do not agree
that the inconsistency necessarily means that the [Two] Agreements do not
exist. To suggest that the [Two] Agreements do not exist because the first
defendant would not have entered into the JVA with terms that are inconsistent
with the [Two] Agreements presupposes that [KA] and [BD] would always act in
accordance with their prior legal obligations, if any. The first defendant
cannot rule out the possibility that [KA] and [BD] might, deliberately or
otherwise, enter into the JVA with terms that are inconsistent with the [Two]
Agreements. What little it does show (and I accept that it does, since none of
the [KA]’s officers gave evidence) is that, as between the plaintiff and the
first defendant, it tips the scale ever so slightly against the plaintiff’s
assertion that the [First] Agreement exists. This tipping of the scale also
ties in with the position taken by [KA] in the SIAC arbitration and the 2012
proceedings before the Israeli courts that the [First] Agreement does not
exist.[note: 213] In particular, I note that [KA] averred in the SIAC
arbitration that:[note: 214]

1.3 The 1st Respondent denies all the Claimant’s allegations with regard to
the existence of the alleged “[First] [A]greement”.

1.4 The 1st Respondent[’s] position is that the alleged “[First] [A]greement”
was never made and is completely fictitious.

(6) Inconsistency with pleadings in foreign proceedings

114 The first defendant submits that the parties and terms of the [Two]
Agreements, as pleaded in this case, are described and/or pleaded differently
in the foreign proceedings commenced by the plaintiff and [ARS (Israel)], and
this inconsistency casts doubt on the existence of the [Two] Agreements.

115 In the 2003 proceedings in Israel, commenced by [ARS (Israel)] against
[BD] and [KA] (see [22] above), the [First] Agreement was described as:[note:
215]

Accordingly, the parties concluded that [KA] would bid for the tender as
installer of low-voltage security systems and that in connection with the
CCTV, the Plaintiff would serve as the supplier of the equipment. It was
further agreed that the Plaintiff would also be able to offer its products to
the other potential bidders in the tender, however, at higher prices than
those offered to [KA], in order to give priority to the joint proposal.

116 As the first defendant submits, this is different from the terms of the
[First] Agreement as pleaded in the Statement of Claim and described in
[Saul]’s AEIC in the present case (see [16] above).[note: 216] The term that
“the Plaintiff would also be able to offer its products to the other potential
bidders in the tender ...” was neither pleaded nor included in [Saul]’s AEIC.
Furthermore, the Statement of Claim filed by [ARS (Israel)] did not name the
plaintiff as a party to the [First] Agreement.[note: 217] This is contrary to
the plaintiff’s position in the present case, where the plaintiff and [ARS
(Israel)] are _both_ purported to be parties to the [First] Agreement. It
bears noting that the plaintiff and [ARS (Israel)] are different corporate
entities incorporated in different countries (see [4] and [8] above).

117 Next, in the 2012 proceedings in Israel, which was commenced by [ARS
(Israel)] against [BD] and [KA], the [First] Agreement was described as:[note:
218]

In the case in question, the parties acted in the abovementioned manner and as
will be extensively described below. The respondents agreed with the
petitioner on the prices to be included in the tender, and even agreed that if
they won the tender they would purchase its products at the tender prices, and
more specifically, at the prices they agreed upon with the petitioner, which
included a discount on the agreed upon tender rates.

118 Notably, the description of the [First] Agreement in the 2012 proceedings
in Israel is also different from the [First] Agreement as pleaded in the
present case and stated in [Saul]’s AEIC (see [16] above). The first defendant
further highlights that, like the 2003 proceedings, the Statement of Claim
filed by [ARS (Israel)] in the Israeli courts in 2012 did not name the
plaintiff as a party to the [First] Agreement.[note: 219] As mentioned
earlier, this is inconsistent with the plaintiff’s position in the present
case.

119 In the 2003 proceedings before the US District Court (SDNY) commenced by
the plaintiff against the first defendant, the [Two] Agreements were described
as:[note: 220]

At all relevant times, Plaintiff’s sister company, [ARS (Israel)], an Israeli
corporation [xxx], had an agreement with [KA], as well as an agreement with
[JVC], to perform services for the new [Project]. Specifically, [ARS (Israel)]
agreed to supply certain CCTV cameras and related equipment purchased from
[the plaintiff], and [JVC] was obligated to purchase such cameras and
equipment from [ARS (Israel)] for use in the installation of a security system
for the new [Project].

120 As with the 2003 and 2012 proceedings before the Israeli courts, the
Statement of Claim filed by the plaintiff in the US District Court (SDNY) in
2003 did not name the plaintiff as a party to the [First] Agreement. The
plaintiff also alleged in the 2003 proceedings before the US District Court
(SDNY) that the alleged [Second] Agreement was concluded between [ARS
(Israel)] and [JVC] (instead of [BD]).[note: 221] Both of these are
inconsistent with the plaintiff’s position in the present case (see [16]-[17]
above). It is also pertinent to note that the plaintiff’s case before the US
District Court (SDNY) in 2003 was that the first defendant, through [BD],
induced [JVC] to breach its agreement with [ARS (Israel)].[note: 222] This is
starkly different from the plaintiff’s position in the present case, which is
that the first defendant induced [BD] to breach the [Second] Agreement.[note:
223]

121 At the hearing, [Saul] accepted that the description of the [Two]
Agreements in the present case is different from the description in the 2003
proceedings before the US District Court (SDNY).[note: 224] His explanation
was that his lawyers for the proceedings before the US District Court (SDNY)
might have made a mistake.[note: 225] Nonetheless, as the first defendant
highlights, the same “mistake” was made in the 2006 proceedings before the US
District Court (NJ). As noted above, the Complaint filed in the proceedings
before the US District Court (NJ) also alleged that the [Second] Agreement was
concluded between the [ARS (Israel)] and [JVC] (instead of [BD]).[note: 226]

122 The first defendant submits that in light of the inconsistencies between
the pleadings in the present case and the foreign proceedings, the proper
inference to be drawn is that the [Two] Agreements do not exist.[note: 227]

123 There are two limbs to the plaintiff’s response. First, the plaintiff
submits that the inconsistencies in the pleadings filed in the foreign
proceedings carry little probative value as they have not been tested at trial
and the pleadings in the foreign proceedings could have been amended if the
proceedings had went on further.[note: 228] Furthermore, [Saul] had explained
that the pleadings in the proceedings before the US District Court (SDNY) were
wrong.[note: 229] Secondly, the plaintiff argues that the first defendant
should not be entitled to rely on the evidence that was never put to [Saul]
during the trial. The plaintiff highlights that [Saul] had only been cross-
examined during the trial on the inconsistencies on the parties to the [Two]
Agreements,[note: 230] and that he had not been cross-examined on the
pleadings filed in the US District Court (NJ).[note: 231] The plaintiff
submits that, pursuant to the rule in _Browne v Dunn_ (1893) 6 R 67 (“ _Browne
v Dunn_ ”), the first defendant is not entitled to submit on the nature of the
[Second] Agreements or rely on the pleadings filed in the US District Court
(NJ).[note: 232]

124 I do not agree with the first limb in the plaintiff’s response. Even
though the pleadings filed in the foreign proceedings have not been tested at
trial and could have been amended if the proceedings had continued, I do not
see how these would change the fact that the plaintiff and [ARS (Israel)] had
pleaded something quite inconsistent with the plaintiff’s position in the
present case. This is a basic or fundamental fact on which the plaintiff’s
causes of action are built. As noted earlier (see [115]–[120] above), the
inconsistencies relate to the parties and the material terms of the [Two]
Agreements. These are not inconsequential facts that one could have
inadvertently mixed up or forgotten. I appreciate that [Saul] tried to explain
that it was a mistake made by his lawyers in the United States proceedings
(see [121] above). However, this explanation does not really hold water as the
inconsistencies appear in most, if not all, of the foreign proceedings. In
addition, there does not appear to be any indication that the inconsistencies
were genuine mistakes. For instance, there were no attempts to amend the
pleadings to rectify the alleged mistakes. To my mind, these inconsistencies
cast a grave doubt on the existence of the [Two] Agreements. I cannot agree
with the plaintiff that the inconsistencies in the pleadings filed in the
foreign proceedings should carry little probative value.

125 This leads me to the second limb of the plaintiff’s response, which is
that the first defendant cannot submit on the nature of the [Second]
Agreements or rely on the pleadings filed in the US District Court (NJ) as it
violates the rule in _Browne v Dunn_. Again, I am unable to agree with the
plaintiff.

126 The rule in _Browne v Dunn_ is most often explained as “any matter upon
which it is proposed to contradict the evidence-in-chief given by a witness
must generally be put to him so that he may have an opportunity to explain the
contradiction”: _Ong Jane Rebecca v Lim Lie Hoa and others_ [2005] SGCA 4 (“
_Ong Jane Rebecca_ ”) at [49]. In _Hong Leong Singapore Finance Ltd v United
Overseas Bank Ltd_ [2007] 1 SLR(R) 292 (“ _Hong Leong_ ”), Sundaresh Menon JC
(as he then was) observed at [42] that:

_… Browne_  _v_  _Dunn_ is a case of some vintage and it lays down a rule of
fairness. The effect of that rule is that _where a submission is going to be
made about a witness or the evidence given by the witness which is of such a
nature and of such importance that it ought fairly to have been put to the
witness to give him the opportunity to meet that submission, to counter it or
to explain himself, then if it has not been so put, the party concerned will
not be allowed to make that submission_. It is not a rigid, technical rule.
Nor is it necessarily satisfied by a formulaic recitation of a party's case to
a witness, with an invitation merely to agree or disagree. In  _Chan Emily v
Kang Hock Chai Joachim_ [2005] 2 SLR(R) 236 at [15], Choo Han Teck J noted
that the rule which is derived from a case more than a century old must be
applied with due regard to the realities of modern litigation and in
evaluating any given objection, consideration should be given to the totality
of the evidence in the case. I think that is correct. In _Lo Sook Ling Adela v
Au Mei Yin Christina_ [2002] 1 SLR(R) 326 the Court of Appeal noted (at [40])
that the rule is not rigid and _does not require every point to be put to the
witness but this would generally be required where the submission was "at the
very heart of the matter"._ This was approved by the Court of Appeal in  _Ong
Jane Rebecca v Lim Lie Hoa_ [2005] SGCA 4 at [49]-[50]. [emphasis added]

127 In _Chan Emily v Kang Hock Chai Joachim_ [2005] 2 SLR(R) 236, which was
cited with approval in _Hong Leong_ , Choo Han Teck J noted (at [15]) that:

_… Browne_  _v_  _Dunn_ is a very old case, decided during a time when the
evidence of the opposing parties was not disclosed to each other. The exchange
of affidavits of evidence-in-chief in the modern civil trial ameliorates the
mischief described by Lord Herschell LC in  _Browne_  _v_  _Dunn_ , at 70.
_That case may still be relevant where a litigant wishes to rely on a hitherto
undisclosed fact that is crucial and might on its own swing the favour of the
court one way or the other_. ... [emphasis added]

128 I agree with the observation of Menon JC in _Hong Leong_ (at [42]) that
the rule in _Browne v Dunn_ is ultimately one of fairness. That rule does not
require every point to be put to the witness but where the submission was “at
the very heart of the matter” (see _Ong Jane Rebecca_ at [49]–[50]; _Hong
Leong_ at [42]). In my view, it would not be unfair for the first defendant to
submit that the proper inference to be drawn from the inconsistencies between
the pleadings in the foreign proceedings and the plaintiff’s position in the
present case is that the [Two] Agreements do not exist. The contents of the
pleadings in the foreign proceedings, and hence, the inconsistencies with the
plaintiff’s position in the present case, are known to the plaintiff. It is
undisputed that [Saul] is the major shareholder and director in both the
plaintiff and [ARS (Israel)]. It is also not the first time that the first
defendant had sought to rely on the foreign proceedings in this case; it was
prominently raised during the first defendant’s application to strike out the
action as well as in the opening statement. In other words, it cannot be said
that the inconsistencies between the pleadings in the foreign proceedings and
the plaintiff’s position in the present case came as a surprise to the
plaintiff. Moreover, Mr Dhillon had questioned [Saul] on the [First]
Agreement, but [Saul] kept wanting to talk about why “this entire thing fell
apart, why the damage was done to everybody concerned, including [XA],
including everybody, including their own subsidiary [BD] et cetera, why all
this happened, because of single instruction by [the first defendant] not to
obey the agreement they made with [Y]”.[note: 233] Mr Dhillon then put to
[Saul] that the alleged [First] Agreement as set out in his AEIC did not
exist.[note: 234] [Saul] asked and was specifically referred to the relevant
paragraphs in his AEIC which he read to himself; then his answer was
deliberate, _viz_ , that paras 41 and 42 “are precisely representing what
happened”.[note: 235] Mr Dhillon finally put to [Saul] that the plaintiff and
[ARS (Israel)] changed their allegations, _ie_ , the differences between the
pleadings in the foreign proceedings and the position taken by the plaintiff
in the present case, to suit their needs in different legal proceedings:[note:
236]

Q:I put it to you that [the plaintiff] and [ARS (Israel)] just changed their
allegations to suit their needs in different legal proceedings. Do you agree
or disagree?

A:I completely disagree, of course.

129 This question was put to [Saul] after Mr Dhillon had questioned him on
some of the inconsistencies in the foreign proceedings.[note: 237] Taken
together, I do not see how the plaintiff could allege that it was taken by
surprise by either the fact that the inconsistencies exist or the submission
made by the first defendant in respect of the inconsistencies. [Saul] could
have offered his explanation (if any) as he did for the pleadings in the
proceedings before the US District Court (SDNY), but he did not do so.

130 In my view, the inconsistencies in the parties and the material terms in
the different proceedings commenced by the plaintiff and/or [ARS (Israel)]
strongly suggests that the [Two] Agreements do not exist either in the manner
pleaded in the Statement of Claim or at all. [Saul] is the major shareholder
and director in both the plaintiff and [ARS (Israel)] (see [4] and [8] above)
and would, in all likelihood, have to read and approve the contents of the
pleadings before they can be filed. Apart from the unlikely situation in which
the lawyers representing the plaintiff and/or [ARS (Israel)] in the foreign
proceedings made mistakes in the pleadings (for which I have expressed my
doubts earlier at [124]), I am of the view that the plaintiff and/or [ARS
(Israel)] must have agreed to (or at least approved) the manner in which their
cases were pleaded in the foreign proceedings. This, in turn, casts a serious
doubt on the existence of the [Two] Agreements given the shifting positions.

(7) Adverse inference for failure to call certain witnesses

131 Both parties argue that an adverse inference should be drawn against the
other party for failure to call certain material witnesses.

132 The first defendant submits that an adverse inference should be drawn
against the plaintiff for failing to call witnesses from [ARS (Israel)], [ARS
(Singapore)] and [KA] to prove the existence of the [Two] Agreements. The
first defendant submits that the plaintiff’s case is that the [First]
Agreement was concluded after discussions between individuals such as [Abel],
[Gabriel] and [Ian].[note: 238] As for the [Second] Agreement, the plaintiff’s
case was that [Zachary] had first contacted [ARS (Singapore)] to propose a
joint venture for the ISS sub-contract.[note: 239] Hence, the plaintiff should
have called these witnesses to prove its case. Furthermore, the first
defendant states that it was possible for the plaintiff to secure the
attendance of these individuals.[note: 240] For example, [Abel] is the son-in-
law of [Saul], and remains an employee and director of [ARS (Israel)] as well
as a director of the plaintiff.[note: 241] Further, [Saul] testified that he
closed down [ARS (Singapore)] only a few months ago and remains in contact
with [Tobias] even though he is no longer an employee of [ARS
(Singapore)].[note: 242] [Saul] also testified that he has a long working
relationship with [KA] since the 1970s, and had been friends with [Gabriel]
for “years and years”.[note: 243] Therefore, the first defendant suggests that
the real reason for the plaintiff’s failure to call witnesses from [ARS
(Israel)], [ARS (Singapore)] and [KA] was because it knew that their evidence
would be adverse to the plaintiff’s case.[note: 244] In this regard, the first
defendant points to the position taken by [KA] in the foreign proceedings. The
first defendant argues that a perusal of the pleadings filed by [KA] in the
foreign proceedings would reveal that [KA] unequivocally took the position
that the [Two] Agreements do not exist.[note: 245]

133 The plaintiff contends that there is no reason to draw an adverse
inference against it given that its primary witness, [Saul], was a material
and relevant witness to the proceedings who was involved in the events at the
material time.[note: 246] The plaintiff further submits that an adverse
inference should be drawn against the first defendant for its failure to call
[Jacob] to give evidence.[note: 247] The plaintiff’s point, as I understand
it, is that since the plaintiff had produced some evidence which suggests the
existence of the [First] Agreement and [Zachary]’s evidence on this issue is
not credible, [Jacob]’s evidence would be highly crucial to prove the first
defendant’s case that the [Two] Agreements do not exist.[note: 248]

134 Based on the circumstances before me, I consider that there is sufficient
basis to draw an adverse inference against the plaintiff for the failure to
call [Abel] and [Tobias] as witnesses in the present case. I would not,
however, draw an adverse inference against the first defendant for failing to
call [Jacob] as a witness.

135 On the issue of whether an adverse inference should be drawn for the
failure to call material witnesses, the Court of Appeal in _Tribune
Investment_ at [50] observed that:

... The regime for drawing adverse inferences is derived from s 116(_g_) of
the Evidence Act (Cap 97). Whether or not in each case an adverse inference
should be drawn depends on all the evidence adduced and the circumstances of
the case. There is no fixed and immutable rule of law for drawing such
inference. _Where, as was the case here, the trial judge is of the view that
the plaintiffs themselves had not made out their claim to the requisite
standard, then no drawing of an adverse inference against the defendants is
necessary_. The drawing of an adverse inference, at least in civil cases,
should not be used as a mechanism to shore up glaring deficiencies in the
opposite party's case, which on its own is unable to meet up to the requisite
burden of proof. Rather, the procedure exists in order to render the case of
the party against whom the inference is drawn weaker and thus less credible of
belief. [emphasis added]

136 Having said that, the Court of Appeal noted at [51] that the trial judge
had no doubt that the plaintiffs in _Tribune Investment_ had failed to make
out even a _prima facie_ case and there was no reason for the trial judge to
draw an adverse inference against the defendants. The Court of Appeal observed
at [51] that, in any event, there was nothing to show that the defendants’
primary witness was not a material or relevant witness to the proceedings.

137 The observations of V K Rajah JC (as he then was) in _Cheong Ghim Fah and
another v Murugian s/o Rangasamy_ [2004] 1 SLR(R) 628 at [39] and [42]–[43]
are also helpful:

39 I note that s 116(_g_) has received considerable attention in the area of
criminal law. Its boundaries in civil matters have not been clearly defined,
though there is an overlap. Section 116(_g_) encapsulates a common sense rule.
_In the scheme of our adversarial litigation procedures, it is perfectly
permissible for a party not to call witnesses or adduce evidence on any
material point in issue_. Section 116(_g_) mirrors the common law approach
that a party cannot take issue with the raising of inferences about matters
that the party has chosen to consciously conceal or hold back. The inference
must, it has to be emphasised, be reasonably drawn from the matrix of
established facts. _Satisfying the court as to the availability and
materiality of the evidence is a necessary prerequisite to any application of
s 116(g)._ For example, it has often been said if there is a reasonable
explanation why a witness, who is out of the jurisdiction, cannot give
evidence, the inference may not be raised. Having said that, in today's
advanced technological context, replete with video-conferencing facilities and
the like, older authorities on this point may need reconsideration.

...

42 The English Court of Appeal in  _Wisniewski v Central Manchester Health
Authority_ [1998] 5 PIQR P324 at P340, very helpfully reviewed these and other
authorities and distilled the relevant principles to be considered in drawing
adverse inferences:

(1) In certain circumstances a court may be entitled to draw adverse
inferences from the _absence or silence of a witness who might be expected to
have material evidence to give on an issue_ in an action.

(2) If a court is willing to draw such inferences, they may go to strengthen
the evidence adduced on that issue by the other party or to weaken the
evidence, if any, adduced by the party who might reasonably have been expected
to call the witness.

(3) There must, however, have been some evidence, however weak, adduced by the
former on the matter in question before the court is entitled to draw the
desired inference: in other words, there must be a case to answer on that
issue.

(4) If the reason for the witness's absence or silence satisfies the court,
then no such adverse inference may be drawn. If, on the other hand, there is
some credible explanation given, even if it not wholly satisfactory, the
potentially detrimental effect of his/her absence or silence may be reduced or
nullified."

[_per_ Brooke LJ]

43 I am of the view that this correctly sums up the principles that ought to
apply to absentee witnesses, pursuant to s 116(_g_). Care should be taken, by
parties intending to raise such an inference, to "put" across the reasons for
a witness's absence in the course of cross-examination. This is to give the
opposing party an opportunity to explain the absence of a witness. Of course,
if no witnesses are called or the reason(s) for a witness's absence is
undisputed, then the procedure of "putting" the issue does not arise. ...

[emphasis added]

138 In my view, I find that an adverse inference should be drawn against the
plaintiff for having failed to call [Abel] and [Tobias] as witnesses. Mr
Dhillon suggested to [Saul] that the reason for his failure to call them as
witnesses was because he knew that their evidence would be adverse to the
plaintiff’s case. [Saul] disagreed, but explained that their attendance would
have been either unhelpful or unnecessary in light of the documentary
evidence.[note: 249] It was not the plaintiff’s position, and there was no
evidence to suggest, that they were unavailable. As for the materiality of
their evidence, I am of the view that the evidence of [Abel], and perhaps to a
lesser extent, [Tobias], would have been material to the issue of whether the
[Two] Agreements exist. There is limited documentary evidence to show that the
[Two] Agreements had been validly concluded. It follows that the evidence of
[Abel] and [Tobias], being individuals involved in the discussion leading to
the alleged [First] Agreement, would have been crucial to the plaintiff’s case
that the [Two] Agreements exist. It was the plaintiff’s own case that [Abel]
was one of the parties present at the discussions which led to the [First]
Agreement (see [33] above). It would have been most logical for the plaintiff
to call [Abel] to testify as a witness in these proceedings. This was not
done. As matters stand, I only had the benefit of the evidence of [Saul] on
this contested issue. [Saul] could certainly have arranged for [Abel], his
son-in-law, to give evidence. So too in the case of [Tobias] as to the initial
approach and discussions between [Tobias] and [Zachary]. When I asked [Saul]
why [Tobias] was not called as a witness, [Saul] gave an evasive answer,
something he tended to do when he did not have an answer:[note: 250]

Court: |  …Is Mr [Tobias] still working for you?  
---|---  
A: |  No, we closed the office in Singapore.  
Court: |  When did you close the office?  
A: |  A few months ago.  
Court: |  Are you still in touch with Mr [Tobias]?  
A: |  Yes.  
Court: |  Why didn’t you call him to be your witness?  
A: |  There was no -- in the documentation that we have, there was no disagreement about the compliance and non-compliance.  
  
  

139 I accept that there is some indication (see [113] and [132] above) that
[Ian] and [Gabriel], if called as witnesses, are likely to take a position
that is adverse to the plaintiff on the issue of whether the [Two] Agreements
exist. However, it is not without some plausible reason that the plaintiff
decided not to call [Gabriel] and [Ian], given that there are multiple
proceedings in various jurisdictions and conflicting interests. In this
regard, I have adequately taken into account [KA]’s position in those foreign
proceedings (see [113] above), and having done so, I do not think that it
would have been fair to draw an adverse inference against the plaintiff for
its failure to call [Gabriel] and [Ian] as witnesses. However the plaintiff
runs its case without their evidence on its side of the balance.

140 Accordingly, I will only draw an adverse inference against the plaintiff
in relation to the existence of the [Two] Agreements for the failure to call
[Abel] and [Tobias] as witnesses.

141 As for the first defendant’s failure to call [Jacob] as witness, I am not
persuaded that the plaintiff has sufficiently proved that [Jacob], acting on
behalf of [BD], had agreed to the terms of the [Second] Agreement. I also note
that, unlike the questions put to [Saul] on the absence of these witnesses,
the plaintiffs did not do likewise to any witness of the first defendant (see
[88] above). It only appeared belatedly in their submissions. Hence, like in
_Tribune Investment_ at [51], there is no reason to draw an adverse inference
against the first defendant for not having called [Jacob] as witness.

(8) Uncertainty in the material terms of the [First] Agreement

142 Finally, the first defendant submits that [Saul]’s oral evidence reveals
that the terms of the [First] Agreement (even if it exists) were uncertain and
would not be enforceable.[note: 251] I do not think that there is any merit in
this argument. The issue is not with the uncertainty of the terms, but with
the inconsistency of [Saul]’s evidence and whether the agreement exists.

143 I agree that there is an apparent inconsistency in [Saul]’s evidence on
whether the plaintiff had agreed to assist [KA] to find a suitable local joint
venture partner.[note: 252] At the hearing, [Saul] testified that it was _not_
a term of the [First] Agreement that the plaintiff would assist [KA] to find a
suitable local joint venture partner.[note: 253] This contradicts the
plaintiff’s own pleaded case on the alleged terms of the [First] Agreement
(see [16(d)] above). [Saul]’s explanation was that what he wrote in his
affidavit was “not accurate”.[note: 254] However, [Saul]’s evidence appears to
change later, when it was put to him that the [First] Agreement “as defined in
[his] affidavit” does not exist.[note: 255] In response, [Saul] insisted that
the [First] Agreement included _all_ the terms as listed in his
affidavit.[note: 256]

144 At this juncture, I recall that the plaintiff, in its closing submissions,
sought to argue that the [Second] Agreement included a term that was not
pleaded in the Statement of Claim (see [18]–[19] above).

145 The fact that the plaintiff appears to be unsure of the material terms of
the [Two] Agreements in the present case strongly suggests that the [Two]
Agreements do not exist either in the manner pleaded in the Statement of Claim
or at all.

(9) Summary

146 In light of the findings of fact made above, the main conclusions can be
summarised as follows:

(a) the email correspondence between [KA] and [BD] in March 2002 does not show
that the [Two] Agreements exist;

(b) the oral evidence of [Saul], which is contradicted by the oral evidence of
[Zachary], does not show that the [Two] Agreements exist;

(c) the conduct of the parties raised by the plaintiff and the first defendant
does not show that the [Two] Agreements exist;

(d) the fact that the terms of the JVA are inconsistent with the [Two]
Agreements does not show whether the [Two] Agreements exist or not;

(e) the fact that the plaintiff and [ARS (Israel)] described and/or pleaded
the parties and material terms of the [Two] Agreements in a manner
inconsistent with the position taken in the present proceedings strongly
suggests that the [Two] Agreements, as pleaded by the plaintiff, do not exist;

(f) the plaintiff’s failure to call [Abel] and [Tobias] as witnesses warrants
an adverse inference against the plaintiff in relation to the existence of the
[Two] Agreements; and

(g) the fact that the plaintiff is unsure of the terms of the [Two] Agreements
in the present case strongly suggests that the [Two] Agreements, as pleaded by
the plaintiff, do not exist.

147 After considering the evidence as a whole, I conclude that the plaintiff
failed to prove, on the balance of probabilities, that the [Two] Agreements
exist. It follows that the plaintiff’s claim in the inducement of the breach
of the [Two] Agreements must fail.

Whether it is a term of the [Two] Agreements that the plaintiff’s CCTV
equipment must comply with the RFP specifications and the requirements of
[XA]?

148 In the event that I am wrong that the [Two] Agreements do not exist, I
should also consider if the [Two] Agreements had been breached. To do so, I
must first examine if it is a term of the [Two] Agreements that the
plaintiff’s CCTV equipment must comply with the RFP specifications and the
requirements of [XA].

149 At the onset, I should highlight that the [Two] Agreements, as pleaded by
the plaintiff, did not include such a term. However, there is clear indication
that the [Two] Agreements, if they exist, would include a term that the
plaintiff’s CCTV equipment would only be supplied for the ISS sub-contract if
it complied with the RFP specifications and the requirements of [XA]. In this
regard, [Saul]’s evidence during cross-examination is pertinent:[note: 257]

Q:I put it to you that even if there was an agreement to use [the plaintiff’s]
equipment, it would have been on the basis that the equipment must comply with
the request for proposal and the requirements of [XA]; do you agree or
disagree?

A:[...] There is no question that any equipment that has to go to the
[Project] has to be approved by [XA]. This -- this question is not even a
question. It’s obviously clear.

Q:So you agree?

A:Without a question.

150 Moreover, [Zachary]’s evidence is consistent with [Saul] on this
point:[note: 258]

_I---I may have agreed that we will submit [Y]’s proposal if the product is of
full compliance and the price is of a correct price level_. But in no position
will I be able to commit to him on _all the terms_ that is going to be laid
down, because I was only a sales manager at that point in time, and I still
have bosses on top of me who will make all the final decision. [emphasis
added]

151 Accordingly, I find that it is a term of the [Two] Agreements that the
plaintiff’s CCTV equipment must comply with the RFP specifications and the
requirements of [XA]. I would only add that to say otherwise would be
completely at odds with building and construction law and practice. This
finding is, as I have mentioned earlier, premised upon the assumption that the
[Two] Agreements exist. The question that follows, therefore, is whether the
term has been met such that [JVC] was obliged to use the plaintiff’s CCTV sub-
system.

Whether the plaintiff’s CCTV equipment was in compliance with the RFP
specifications and the requirements of [XA]?

152 Like the other factual disputes discussed earlier, the parties do not
agree on whether the plaintiff’s CCTV equipment complied with the RFP
specifications and the requirements of [XA]. I should reiterate that the
burden of proof lies with the plaintiff (see [47] above), and if the plaintiff
cannot show on the balance of probabilities that the CCTV equipment was in
compliance with the RFP specifications and the requirements of [XA], then its
claim fails.

153 In my view, the plaintiff failed to establish on the balance of
probabilities that its CCTV sub-system fully compiled with the RFP
specifications and the requirements of [XA]. As a result, there can be no
breach of the [Two] Agreements, and consequently, the plaintiff’s claim must
also fail on this ground.

The plaintiff’s case

154 According to the plaintiff, [Saul] travelled to Singapore to attend
meetings with [JVC] and [XA] in relation to the CDR from 19 to 21 August 2002
to ensure that all the technical issues relating to the CCTV sub-system were
properly and satisfactorily dealt with.[note: 259] The plaintiff claims that
by around 20 August 2002, all the technical issues were closed except for the
request from [XA] for a backup power supply to the matrix.[note: 260] Later,
at a meeting in Israel between [ARS (Israel)] and [KA], [ARS (Israel)]
proposed a backup power supply solution at US$20,000.[note: 261] However, [KA]
agreed that [JVC] would offer this solution to [XA] at no additional
costs.[note: 262] The plaintiff takes the position that consequently, all
technical issues arising at the CDR meetings in August 2002 in relation to the
CCTV sub-system had been resolved and the plaintiff’s CCTV equipment was fully
compliant with the requirements of [XA].[note: 263]

155 On or around 5 September 2002, the plaintiff alleges that [JVC] raised new
issues in relation to the design of the CCTV sub-system with [Jason].[note:
264] In essence, these issues relate to the ability of the plaintiff’s CCTV
sub-system to transmit the same images from [Location 1] onto [xxx] monitors
in the [Location 2] simultaneously.[note: 265] The plaintiff rejects the first
defendant’s claim that the plaintiff’s CCTV sub-system was not compliant with
the RFP specifications on the basis that the technical issues had been raised
and cleared during the August CDR meetings.[note: 266] The plaintiff says that
[XA] accepted [JVC]’s allegations because it did not realise that this issue
had been discussed and dealt with previously. The plaintiff further claims
that [JVC], through [KA], preferred the cheaper option of a disperse matrix
system when it was offered both the combined matrix system (which had the
ability to transmit [xxx] identical pictures from [Location 1] to [Location
2]) and the disperse matrix system.[note: 267] This was notwithstanding that
the plaintiff had, at all material times, the standard products to provide the
combined matrix system albeit at a significantly higher price (_ie_ , an
additional sum of US$400,000 to US$600,000).[note: 268] The plaintiff claims
that, in any event, [XA] and [JVC] accepted the plaintiff’s proposal during
the CDR meeting on or around 20 August 2002 to use a 2+1 connecting cables
system, which would allow up to [xxx] images to be transmitted from [Location
1] to [Location 2].[note: 269]

156 The plaintiff claims that in order to “meet the _further_ requirements
raised by [XA]”, it proposed, among other options, a further addition to the
matrix at the sum of US$107,800.[note: 270] The plaintiff says that [Saul] and
[Gabriel] agreed on 24 September 2002 over the phone that in view of the
urgency to obtain the CDR approval for the CCTV sub-system, the proposed
solutions will be submitted for CDR approval without any request for
additional payment from [XA].[note: 271] The plan was to address the issue of
additional costs later, and if there was no way to get [XA] to pay more, then
the plaintiff and [JVC] would share the costs.[note: 272]

157 The plaintiff claims that [JVC] had written a letter dated 4 October 2002
to [XD] to inform them that the plaintiff was requesting a variation order
amounting to US$500,000 to US$600,000 to comply with the tender
requirements.[note: 273] The plaintiff claims that [JVC] knew that the
contents of the letter were false.[note: 274] On 7 October 2002, [Saul] called
[Gabriel] regarding the contents of the letter, and was told by [Gabriel] that
he had no knowledge of it.[note: 275] On the same day, [XD] rejected the
request for a variation order and instructed [JVC] to re-submit the proposed
CCTV solutions, without qualifications, for [XF] to review and approve.[note:
276] [XD] also stated to [JVC] that if it did not wish to submit the
plaintiff’s CCTV sub-system, it should submit another system that fully
complies.[note: 277]

158 According to the plaintiff, [KA] and [BD] submitted the CCTV sub-system
design prepared by [PT] to [XA] for CDR approval on 3 October 2002.[note: 278]
The plaintiff asserts that this was because [PT] was prepared to offer its
CCTV sub-system at a substantially lower price.[note: 279]

159 On 8 October 2002, the plaintiff wrote directly to the Director of [XA] to
explain that it was not demanding for an additional sum of US$600,000 to
provide the solutions to the outstanding technical issues, and that it would
do its best to ensure full compliance with the requirement of [XA].[note: 280]

160 On 9 October 2002, [JVC] issued an undated letter to the plaintiff stating
that they were cancelling the order for the plaintiff’s CCTV equipment, and
cited the reason that [XA] had rejected the CCTV proposal by the
plaintiff.[note: 281] The plaintiff claims that the contents of this letter
was false as [BD] and [KA] knew that they had not submitted the plaintiff’s
revised proposal to [XA] and that the plaintiff had not demanded for
additional money to comply with the RFP specifications.[note: 282] [Michael]
then wrote an email to [KA] and [BD] on 10 October 2002 with regard to [JVC]’s
request for US$500,000 to US$600,000 in order for the CCTV sub-system to
comply with the RFP specifications even though it had earlier declared full
compliance at the RFI and RFP stages.[note: 283] On the same day, the
plaintiff wrote an email to [XA] and [XD] to inform them that it was prepared
to provide the proposed solutions to the outstanding technical issues at no
additional costs to [XA].[note: 284] [XA] replied to say that a meeting for
all the parties would be organised.[note: 285]

161 On 25 October 2002 and 12 December 2002, [JVC] wrote to [XF] and explained
its decision to replace the plaintiff as the supplier for the CCTV equipment,
namely because:[note: 286]

(a) the plaintiff’s design was not in full compliance with the requirement of
[XA]; and

(b) substantial re-designing was required to ensure full compliance.

162 The plaintiff claims that the contents of the two letters to [XF] were
false as the plaintiff claims that it had provided the technical solutions to
the issues that were raised by [XA] in October 2002 without asking for payment
at that time, and had clarified all the technicalities and any outstanding
issues with the CCTV sub-system at the meeting arranged by [XA] on 11 November
2002.[note: 287] The plaintiff further asserts that [XA] and [Michael] were
both satisfied with the solution offered by the plaintiff during the meeting,
and had left it to [JVC] to liaise with the plaintiff regarding the
implementation of the CCTV sub-system, given that the plaintiff was a supplier
to [JVC].[note: 288]

163 The plaintiff further claims that [BD] or [JVC] tried to prevent a full
and frank discussion between the plaintiff and [XA] with regard to the issue
of whether the plaintiff’s CCTV sub-system complied with the RFP
specifications and the requirements of [XA].[note: 289]

The first defendant’s case

164 Apart from the ability of the plaintiff’s CCTV sub-system to transmit the
same images from [Location 1] onto [xxx] monitors in [Location 2]
simultaneously, the first defendant claims that there were other distinct
problems with the plaintiff’s CCTV sub-system which rendered it non-compliant
with the RFP specifications and/or the requirements of [XA].[note: 290]
According to the first defendant, [XA] had not approved the plaintiff’s CCTV
sub-system design in August 2002.[note: 291]

165 The first defendant admits that the plaintiff had proposed modifications
to its CCTV sub-system at the cost of US$107,800, but denies that it would
render the sub-system fully compliant with the requirements of [XA].[note:
292] In response, [KA] sent a letter to the plaintiff stating that [BD] was
not prepared to fund the proposed modification.[note: 293] The first defendant
claims that [BD]’s position was that the proposed modifications ought to have
been incorporated by the plaintiff in its original design in order to comply
with the RFP specifications and/or the requirements of [XA].[note: 294]

166 The first defendant claims that:[note: 295]

(a) [XA] rejected the plaintiff’s CCTV sub-system because the plaintiff’s CCTV
sub-system did not comply with the RFP specifications and/or the requirements
of [XA]; and

(b) [XA] rejected the proposed modifications by the plaintiff because they
necessitated additional costs and involved implementing technical and/or
design features which ought to have been incorporated by the plaintiff in the
original design of the plaintiff’s CCTV sub-system in order to comply with the
RFP specifications and/or the requirement of [XA].

167 Further, the first defendant denies that [BD] requested, induced and/or
caused [XA] to reject the plaintiff’s CCTV sub-system in favour of an
alternative CCTV sub-system for the ISS sub-contract.[note: 296] The first
defendant claims that [JVC] cancelled the order for the plaintiff’s CCTV sub-
system after [XA] rejected it by way of [XD]’s letter to [JVC] dated 7 October
2002.[note: 297] The first defendant further asserts that it was not involved
in or privy to any decision taken by [BD] and/or [JVC] to replace the
plaintiff’s CCTV sub-system.[note: 298] At the time when [BD] and/or [JVC]
took steps to replace the plaintiff with [PT] as the CCTV supplier, [XA] had
rejected the plaintiff’s CCTV sub-system for non-compliance and had directed
[JVC] to submit an alternative CCTV sub-system solution for the ISS sub-
contract.[note: 299] Thereafter, [XA] accepted the [PT]’s CCTV sub-system as a
replacement for the plaintiff’s CCTV sub-system.[note: 300]

My decision: The plaintiff’s CCTV sub-system did not comply

168 I find that the plaintiff had failed to prove on a balance of
probabilities that the CCTV sub-system complied with the RFP specifications
and the requirements of [XA]. On the contrary, and I so find, the objective
documentary evidence clearly shows otherwise.

169 The plaintiff’s two-pronged argument can be summarised as follows:[note:
301]

(a) the first defendant had not adduced expert evidence to contradict [Saul]’s
evidence that the plaintiff’s CCTV sub-system complied with the RFP
specifications and the requirements of [XA]; and

(b) [Saul]’s evidence is supported by contemporaneous evidence which shows
that the plaintiff was replaced by [PT] because the latter was substantially
cheaper, and not because the plaintiff’s CCTV sub-system could not comply with
the RFP specifications and the operational requirements of [XA].

170 The plaintiff argues that this would suffice to dispose of the first
defendant’s submission that the plaintiff was replaced because its CCTV
equipment was non-compliant. I do not agree. The plaintiff submits that
[Saul]’s evidence should be accepted as he was the only witness with the
relevant technical knowledge of the CCTV sub-system, and that his technical
expertise was not challenged.[note: 302] However, [Saul] appears to have
conceded at various points during the hearing that the CCTV sub-system does
not comply. More importantly, the objective documentary evidence indicates
that [XA] had considered that the plaintiff’s CCTV sub-system did not comply
with the RFP specifications and the requirements of [XA].

171 At this juncture, I pause to note that the correspondence between various
parties on the issue of whether the plaintiff’s CCTV sub-system complied with
the RFP specifications and the requirements of [XA] was not brought to
[Saul]’s attention during his cross-examination. In this regard, the plaintiff
objects based on the rule in _Browne v Dunn_. During the trial, I specifically
highlighted to Mr Wong that the compliance of the CCTV sub-system is likely to
be a crucial issue.[note: 303] However, Mr Wong took the position that “[t]he
documents are clear”.[note: 304] I also note that [Saul] accepted that the
correspondence would prove that the plaintiff’s CCTV sub-system complied with
the RFP specifications and the requirements of [XA],[note: 305] and some of
them were brought up during re-examination.[note: 306] The plaintiff clearly
knew that the correspondence would be relevant to the issue, and had even
relied on some of them to support its case. In my view, there is no element of
surprise or unfairness here. Hence, it would not be inappropriate to allow the
first defendant to make submissions based on the correspondence that were not
specifically brought to [Saul]’s attention. I will, however, bear in mind that
some of the correspondence were not put to [Saul] for him to explain or rebut
when deciding on the appropriate weight to be accorded to it.

(1) [Saul]’s evidence

172 The plaintiff relies heavily on the evidence of [Saul] to argue that the
plaintiff’s CCTV sub-system could have fully complied with the RFP
specifications and the requirements of [XA]. However, I note that [Saul] had
admitted during the hearing that the plaintiff’s CCTV sub-system did not
comply and would require some modification in order to comply with the RFP
specifications and the requirements of the [XA].

173 First, [Saul] acknowledged that the _system_ was non-compliant, even
though he insisted that [XA] had never complained about the CCTV _equipment_
:[note: 307]

_Compliance is the system, not the individual items_. Instead of two lines,
put eight lines, that’s all. There was no question of equipment defective,
equipment do not comply. _The question was, the system does not comply. [JVC]
do not comply._ They never said [Y] equipment do not comply. [emphasis added]

I found [Saul] frequently resorted to answers that were obfuscating. The
plaintiff’s scope was clearly not just the supply of CCTV cameras. It had to
be linked up to a system that allowed the cameras to be operated from monitors
and other controls and linkages, in a way that [XA] wanted to use it. To
insist no one said his CCTV equipment did not comply is to evade the question.
There is no doubt, as I will come to below, that there was non-compliance and
[Saul] himself said in his email of 8 October 2002 to the Director of [XA]
([176] below) that he communicated immediately with his engineering department
in Japan and “instructed them to re-study again all the newly raised items and
to immediately come up with a proper solution”. There was a clear
acknowledgement by [Saul] that he knows the complaints of non-compliance were
“about the interconnection of the matrixes and the displays on all monitors”.
[note: 308]

174 Secondly, [Saul] testified that additional costs were required to modify
the plaintiff’s CCTV sub-system in order to make it comply:[note: 309]

... _the error made on the system is not [Y]’s error. It’s the design error
that is combination, a culmination of how [XA] wanted the system and how [JVC]
actually made the system or designed and constructed the system. So there was
nothing wrong with the equipment_. What [BD] request -- not [BD] -- what [XA]
requested later was to have more vision or more monitors for this thing to do
the way they want it now that was not specified before. It should have cost
some $107,000, which we, I was offering to share half-half. _So the entire
thing, to make all these system compliance_ [_sic_]_, went down to $60,000 --
to 50-some thousand dollars, anyhow._ [emphasis added]

175 In fact, [Saul]’s evidence appears to be that the plaintiff’s CCTV sub-
system is not connected in the way that was specified in the RFP:[note: 310]

Court: |  ... You say: “This was one issue, and for some unexplained reason they specified they want the cables between the floors to be fibre-optic ...” Who is “they”?  
---|---  
A: |  “They”, [XA]. The one who issued the RFP is [XA].  
Court: |  All right.  
A: |  Or the consultant [XF] or [XD]. Anyhow, “they” is those who issued the RFP. When I discussed with [Michael] the many items of this specification, he said “That’s the requirement. I can do nothing about it. That’s what they want”.  
Court: |  All right.  
A: |  So -- that’s the requirement, that’s the requirement. _But we do not connect it that way. ..._  
  
  

[emphasis added]

176 This is consistent with the correspondence between [Saul] and [XA]:

(a) Email from [Saul] to [Chris], Director of [XA], dated 8 October
2002:[note: 311]

On 9th Sep. I have attended a security trade show (Asis) in Philadelphia and
have met Mr. [Michael] at our booth. To my surprise, _Mr. [Michael] informed
me that he just got a message that [Y] system is rejected, because it is non-
compliant on many items of the RFP_ , most of which are about the
interconnection of the matrixes and the displays on all monitors.

Mr. [Michael] detailed the RFP items and asked us to study and come with a
solution. I did communicate immediately with our engineering dept in Japan,
and _instructed them to re-study again all the newly raised items and to
immediately come with a proper solution_.

[emphasis added]

(b) Letter from the plaintiff to [Mark] of [XA] and [William] of [XD] dated 8
October 2002:[note: 312]

On the other hand, I have received last evening a copy of Mr. [John],
summarizing a long list of few items of non-compliance and/or unacceptable
solutions to [XA].

_For example the summary that the way we offered to connect the matrixes is
not acceptable to [XA]_.

_We, on our side, could not agree with [XA] on this item at all. We have
discussed this internally at [Y] many times. Our engineer did not allow us to
proceed with connections as suggested by [XA]_ , as they too believed that it
is our duty to offer you the best we know.

We also believe that [XA] can only benefit from our advice, being one of the
oldest CCTV manufacturers in the field. We are committed to give [XA] the best
there is, but it needs reciprocity on [XA] part as well, _and not simply rely
on words of the RFP only_.

[emphasis added]

177 Notwithstanding [Saul]’s repeated assertions that the plaintiff was
capable of complying with the RFP specifications and the requirements of [XA],
it is apparent that he acknowledged that the plaintiff’s CCTV sub-system did
not comply and would require some modification in order to comply. Further,
the objective documentary evidence does not support the plaintiff’s submission
that the plaintiff’s CCTV sub-system complied with the RFP specifications and
the requirements of [XA].

(2) Objective documentary evidence

178 In my view, as noted above, the objective documentary evidence clearly
shows that the plaintiff’s CCTV sub-system did not comply with the RFP
specifications and the requirements of [XA]I will approach the documentary
evidence in a chronological manner, starting from the CDR meeting in August
2002.

(a) At the CDR meeting in August 2002

179 As mentioned earlier (see [154] above), the plaintiff claims that all the
technical issues, except for the backup power supply, had been addressed
during the CDR meeting in August 2002. However, the first defendant highlights
that the plaintiff’s assertion is contradicted by the email from [Justin] of
[XA] to [Michael] and others dated 9 September 2002, which reads:

CCTV Sub-system

5\. _We have made a number of compromises and surfaced some non-compliances in
this subsystem recently_. Please let us know [XF] position on this matter. As
our Tech Branch had indicated _during the Aug PDR meetings_ , we would like
[JVC] to consider a change to another make/brand of CCTV _if the proposed [Y]
cannot comply to [XA] requirements_. [emphasis added]

180 The plaintiff points out that the email is factually inaccurate as the
Preliminary Design Review (“PDR”) meeting was held in June 2002 and not August
2002.[note: 313] I do not think that this error negates the evidential value
of the email. It is quite apparent that the email dated 9 September 2002 was
referring to the CDR meeting in August 2002 instead of the PDR meeting in June
2002. In any event, the rest of the paragraph (especially the first line) is
not affected by the factual inaccuracy.

181 The plaintiff further objects to the first defendant’s reliance on this
email as it claims that [Saul] was not cross-examined on whether this email
contradicted his evidence that all outstanding issues on the CCTV sub-system
was resolved during the CDR meeting in August 2002 (save for the backup power
supply).[note: 314] Again, I cannot agree with the plaintiff. [Saul] had
explained during cross-examination, albeit not in response to counsel’s
question, that the email dated 9 September 2002 does not contradict his
evidence:[note: 315]

Q:My question is: do you agree that this e-mail shows that [XA] wanted [JVC]
to change the CCTV supplier if [the plaintiff] could not comply with the
requirements?

A:You understand the question that you have asked?

Q:Yes.

A:“If [the plaintiff] cannot”, that’s the question?

Q:Yes.

A:So if [the plaintiff] cannot, and they say that it’s not compliant and [the
plaintiff] cannot do anything to make it comply, then they need to find
another solution --

Q:So you agree --

A:\-- it’s very clear. But that’s not the end of the story, because this
question is a little bit more complex than that.

...

Q:Just to confirm, you do agree that that’s what this e-mail shows? I realise
that it’s not your opinion --

A:It’s not. It’s not.

Q:\-- what this e-mail shows --

A:That’s the point. You just asked the question and you are now asking it
again, so now you raise the point again. _The point is, they do not say that_
[_the plaintiff’s_] _equipment does not make it._

Q:That’s not the question.

A:They say they have found non-complying items. “If [the plaintiff] cannot
do”. “If [the plaintiff] cannot do”, but [the plaintiff] can do, this is a
different, different story.

[emphasis added]

182 To my mind, [Justin]’s email dated 9 September 2002 does contradict
[Saul]’s evidence that [XA] had accepted the plaintiff’s CCTV equipment and
that all the technical issues, except one, were resolved by August 2002. I
note that [Justin] pointed out that some compromises had been made with
respect to the CCTV sub-system. However, [Justin] also mentioned that [XA]
“surfaced some non-compliances” that appear to be separate and distinct from
the compromises made. Hence, it does appear to me that [Justin]’s email would
suggest that the plaintiff’s CCTV equipment was not in full compliance as of
August 2002. [Saul]’s explanation, regrettably, was a result of his fixation
on the phrase “if the proposed [Y] cannot comply” and does not offer much
assistance. Moreover, it appears that [Saul] might have mistaken [XA] as
having accepted the plaintiff’s CCTV sub-system when [XA] was merely
expressing its gratitude to [Saul] for the presentation at the CDR
meeting:[note: 316]

Court: |  Yes. If you had given a 2-line system, would that have complied with [XA]’s requirements, [XA]’s requirements?  
---|---  
A: |  When I attended the CDR meeting, the 2-line were _totally discussed_. This was on the subject of discussion. They had a not very -- they felt that the 2-line will be missing some information for [Location 3] of the future. And in the interim, to [Location 4]. And we offered them to have a third line at no cost, we, [Y], offered to add one more line at our cost to alleviate their concern. _And they closed that discussion with “Thank you, Mr [Saul].”_  
Court: |  Yes. So you offered to give them a 3-line system.  
A: |  I offered to add one line in the CDR meeting, because they raised an issue, they are a little bit not hundred per cent confident; _I’ll give them another line at our cost, and they say “thank you”. They were smiling and in this strangers’ meeting they were smiling and saying “thank you”._  
  
  

[emphasis added]

183 Accordingly, I am not persuaded that the [XA] accepted that the
plaintiff’s CCTV equipment were compliant with the RFP specifications and the
requirements of [XA] as of August 2002.

(b) After the CDR meeting in August 2002

184 The documentary evidence further shows that [XA] considered that the
plaintiff’s CCTV sub-system was not in compliance with the RFP specifications
and its operational requirements after the CDR meeting in August 2002. I start
with the correspondence after the CDR meeting in August 2002 but before the
plaintiff’s revised solutions were submitted in October 2002:

(a) Email from [Jason] to [John], dated 6 September 2002, with subject “[JVC]
CCTV solution does not meet our requirement (Ops/Tech)”:[note: 317]

Arising from the discussion with Cluster Mgt, Tech Branch and Ops Planning,
the CCTV solution by [JVC] is not able to meet our Operations requirement and
the Technical Specifications. This was surfaced during our review on the PDR
doc.

I wish to highlight the following non-compliances (major) which we have
identified during our meeting.

[JVC] CCTV proposal does not comply with the following in the RFP:

...

There will be future implications if we stick to this design. If all [xxx]
uses the same design, we will require 4 times more CCTV monitors and
keyboards, which will imply that we need more consoles also.

_To conclude_ , **_the CCTV design by [JVC] is no good for our operations and
future expansion_**. As the above are _major non-compliances to our RFP_ ,
[JVC] should give us alternative solution(s) to meet our requirement stated in
the RFP, before approval of the PDR and CDR.

[emphasis added in bold and bold italics]

The first sentence in the last paragraph of the above email, emphasised in
bold italics, is a telling piece of evidence and says it all. Further, the
email included a table setting out what was in the RFP and what [JVC]’s
proposal was, which clearly showed problems with the plaintiff’s CCTV sub-
system. To quote three examples of the eight in the table:

In RFP |  [JVC] Proposal  
---|---  
Each [Location] shall include a dedicated matrix. The matrixes shall be connected in … hierarchical structure with dedicated multimode fiber optic cables.  The [Location 1] Matrix will be connected to the [Location 2] Matrix which shall in turn connected, via underground infrastructure, with dedicated multimode fibre optic cables to the [Location 4] Matrix in order to establish a CCTV video network in the [xxx]. |  In [JVC] CCTV solution, the [Location 1] matrixes are not connected to the [Location 2] & [Location 4] matrixes. The [Location 2] are not connected to the [Location 4] matrices. The [Location 1] Matrixes are connected to Keyboard at [Location 2] and [Location 4].  
The [Location 2] matrix shall be able to view any camera [xxx]. The number of required video channels between [Location 1] & [Location 2] matrixes is at least 8 to allow simultaneous viewing of at least 8 [xxx] video images at the same time on the [Location 2] Monitor. |  There are 2 monitors connected to each [Location 1] matrix (Not Matrix to Matrix) in [Location 2]. Therefore, [Location 2] can see 8 simultaneous video on the 2 monitors (one monitor with 4 videos <Quad Split>. We cannot view the 8 [in manuscript: “images”] videos from [Location 1] on all the [Location 2] monitors at the same time.  
The hierarchical structure of video matrixes connected together will establish at the [xxx] one integrated video switching system that will provide the possibility to connect every camera installed in the field to every monitor in every [Location]. |  The Matrixes are not connected together, therefore one integrated video switching system cannot be achieved.  For that we are not able to connect (view) every camera in the field to every monitor in every [Location].  
  
  

(b) Email from [John] to [XF], dated 6 September 2002 with subject “[JVC] CCTV
solution does not meet our requirement (Ops/Tech)”:[note: 318]

During the course of discussion with [JVC] regarding the design of the CCTV
sub-system, we realized that the _[Y] system does not meet our operational
requirements. Over & above this, these are non-compliant to the RFP_. ...

Our view is that whatever system is ultimately chosen must meet our
fundamental operating requirements. Since [Y] does not do this, please
inform/instruct [JVC] to counter-propose alternative systems for our
consideration.

[emphasis added]

(c) Email from [Michael] to [XA] and [XD], dated 11 September 2002:[note: 319]

3\. **_CCTV_**

...

b. I declared very strongly that we are not going to compromise on the design
of the CCTV subsystem and all requirements of the RFP must be fulfilled.

c. _I think that [Saul] understands the seriousness of the problem. He must go
back to Japan and resolve it with his technical teams._ [JVC] will receive his
response only next week.

d. On the CCTV issue there are no gaps between [XA] and us. _All the problems
mentioned in [XA] letter were detected by us too and raised at our last visit
in Singapore. [JVC] has only one choice: full comply with the RFP or
replacement of the [Y] system to another one._

e. Actually we discussed already this possibility with Mr. [Ian]. He
understands this issue and [JVC] will be co-operative to solve it. He declared
that if a decision to replace [Y] with other CCTV system would be taken within
the next few weeks it may not have an effect on the timetable of the Project.

[emphasis added]

185 These emails show that [XA] did not consider the plaintiff’s CCTV sub-
system to be compliant in September 2002, and this was communicated and made
known to the plaintiff.

186 The plaintiff’s position, as set out earlier (see [154] above), is that
its CCTV sub-system was in full compliance at the time when the CDR meeting
was held in August 2002 but it proposed solutions in order to “meet the
_further_ requirements raised by [XA]”.[note: 320] For reasons that I do not
have to elaborate upon here, the plaintiff was given until 3 October 2002 to
ensure that its CCTV sub-system complied with the RFP specifications and the
requirements of [XA].[note: 321] However, the correspondence suggests that
even after 3 October 2002, the plaintiff’s CCTV sub-system still did not
comply with the RFP specifications and the requirements of [XA]:

(a) Email from [JVC] to [XD], dated 4 October 2002:[note: 322]

To fulfil the compliance, [the plaintiff] is requesting for a variation order
amounting to 500 to 600 thousand US dollars. Part of which is meant for
developing new equipment to fulfil the tender requirements.

(b) Email from [John] to [Jacob], dated 7 October 2002, with subject “latest
[Y] CCTV system submission”:[note: 323]

We note, with profound regret, that _this system still does not meet our
requirements_. Our main grounds for this are as follows:

• having stated up-front that their solution compiles, it makes no sense to
then ask us for an additional US$600,000/- in order for them to comply with
our requirements

• _the fundamental requirement of being able to see any camera on any monitor
is still not addressed_

• as far as we know, _the products mentioned in their compliance letter have
never been tested before. We agree with our Security Consultant that whatever
is deployed in [the Project] must be off-the-shelf, and tried & tested._ We
fully agree with him that to do otherwise is to commit professional suicide.

The full grounds of our rejection of the latest [Y] solution are as follows:

...

• for [Y]’s design, we will have a problem connecting [Location 4] matrix to
[Location 3] matrix ...

...

• _we did ask for off-the-shelf solution. The [Y]’s solution, to our
knowledge, includes new modules that are not found in their product line yet_.
We may be the first using these products, which are not proven yet. _As
mentioned by our consultant, this will be “professional suicide” if we use
these new/modified products. This will complicate the project and future
development_.

Kindly propose another alternative for our consideration, ensuring that all
our operational requirements are fully catered for.

[emphasis added]

(c) Email from [Michael] to [John], dated 7 October 2002:[note: 324]

... _You know that we did all the efforts to give [JVC] the chance to comply
with [Y] equipment to the RFP requirements_. When we received yesterday and
today the revised CCTV solutions we were more [than] surprised by the
ridiculous and unacceptable request to be paid for the full compliance with
the RFP.

[XA] invested a lot of time and effort to evaluate the revised solutions. We
received it only today and had not yet the possibility to investigate it
deeply but _from what we can distinguish immediately is that the solution is
not really able “to establish at the [xxx] one integrated video switching
system that will provide the possibility to connect every camera installed in
the field to every monitor in every [Location]” (paragraph 8.2.7 of the RFP).
The existing solution is not efficient and not satisfactory from the
operational point of view_. ...

[emphasis added]

(d) Email from [Saul] to [Chris], Director of [XA], dated 8 October
2002:[note: 325]

On 9th Sep. I have attended a security trade show (Asis) in Philadelphia and
have met Mr. [Michael] at our booth. To my surprise, _Mr. [Michael] informed
me that he just got a message that [Y] system is rejected, because it is non-
compliant on many items of the RFP_ , most of which are about the
interconnection of the matrixes and the displays on all monitors.

Mr. [Michael] detailed the RFP items and asked us to study and come with a
solution. I did communicate immediately with our engineering dept in Japan,
and _instructed them to re-study again all the newly raised items and to
immediately come up with a proper solution_.

…

[emphasis added]

(e) Email from the plaintiff to [Mark] and [William], dated 8 October
2002:[note: 326]

On the other hand, I have received last evening a copy of Mr [John],
summarising a _long list of few items of non-compliance and/or unacceptable
solutions to [XA]_.

_For example, the summary that the way we offered to connect the matrixes is
not acceptable to [XA]_.

_We, on our side, could not agree with [XA] on this item at all._ We have
discussed this issue internally at [Y] many times. Our engineers did not allow
us to proceed with connections as suggested by [XA], as they too believe that
it is our duty to offer you the best we know.

We also believe that [XA] can only benefit from our advice, being one of the
oldest CCTV manufacturers in the field. We are committed to give [XA] the best
there is, but it needs reciprocity on [XA] part as well, and _not simply rely
on words of the RFP only_.

...

If [XA] needs more direct lines why not suggest a reasonable realistic figure.
We believe that we offered something that you did not really understand,
because if you did, we cannot understand how could you reject it?

It may be our fault for not explaining better, but we were given the feeling
that you preferred to talk to [JVC], your contractor, so we did not interfere.
May be we were wrong. _What ever the case is, common sense and off the shelf
tradition should not apply in the design of your sub CCTV system for the new
[Project] because your system is not common_.

[emphasis added]

(f) Email from [Mark] to [William] and [Michael], dated 9 October 2002:[note:
327]

Hi [William], I suppose you will respond on our behalf ref the contractual
issue. Whatever transpire[s] between [Y] and [JVC] is none of our business. We
are not oblige[d] to talk to [Y]. We talk only to [JVC] and [XF]. The deadline
is today, we have to take a stand and no more extension is allowed. Got to
move on.

Hi [Michael], I suppose you will respond on our behalf ref the RFP issue. It
is with your blessing that the RFP issued out, with the input from [XA] Ops
Planning and Tech Branch. _The spec is written to support the way [XA] (not
Israel [xxx] or [xxx]) is going to operate and it is clear enough for the
tender to comply and follow. Tenderer may propose alternative but it is up to
client to accept or otherwise._ Allow me to be direct again, can you somehow
hint to the [Y] boss not to forget who the client is, and force anything down
our throat if it is not what we want. Not only my boss is angry, after seeing
the letter below, more people are angry now.

[emphasis added]

(g) Email from [JVC] to the plaintiff, undated but fax line shows 9 October
2002:[note: 328]

We regret to inform you that our client has rejected the CCTV proposal made by
[Y], as such we will have to cancel our intention to purchase this system from
you.

187 In my view, the correspondence set out above shows quite clearly that the
plaintiff’s CCTV equipment was not in compliance with the RFP specifications
and the requirements of [XA] after the CDR meeting in August 2002 and up to
the time that the plaintiff was informed that their CCTV sub-system has been
rejected by [JVC].

(c) At the meeting on 11 November 2002

188 According to the plaintiff, it clarified all the technicalities and
outstanding issues with the CCTV sub-system with [XA] during a meeting held on
11 November 2002.[note: 329] This meeting was triggered by [Saul]’s letter to
[Mark] and [William] dated 10 October 2002, in which he stated that the
plaintiff will do whatever it takes to comply with the RFP specifications
(_ie_ , having eight lines instead of two) at no additional cost to
[XA].[note: 330] I pause to note that this indicates that [Saul] agrees, at
least at the time of the letter, that the plaintiff’s CCTV sub-system was not
in full compliance. This is consistent with the purpose of the meeting which,
according to [Mark]’s email to [William], was to resolve the issues with the
CCTV sub-system:

... [JVC] is to liaise with [Y] boss to get him down personally to clarify
issues to us. Issues such as _in what ways [Y] soln is better than our RFP
spec., where are the non-compliance? Can [Y] find a solution to comply? If not
can we live with these non-compliances_ (i.e. is our ops gravely affected by
them? Do our infra-structure provided for it or if there is addn work need to
be done in order to enable [Y] to comply? etc.) [emphasis added]

189 [Saul]’s evidence was that [XA] and [XF] were satisfied with the solution
offered by the plaintiff during the meeting.[note: 331] In support of this,
the plaintiff relies on the letter from [Chris] of [XA] to [Saul] dated 19
November 2002 which states that [XA] had facilitated the meeting on 11
November 2002 which allowed the plaintiff to clarify the issues with the CCTV
sub-system. It goes on to say:

Henceforth, _please liaise and resolve directly with [JVC] on any matter
relating to the CCTV System_ , which is a subsystem of the Integrated Security
System for [xxx]. This is in order given the nature of the contract terms and
conditions awarded to [JVC], for the Integrated Security System.

[emphasis added]

190 Pursuant to this letter, [Abel] wrote to [Gabriel] on the same day
claiming that [XA] had confirmed that the plaintiff’s CCTV sub-system is in
compliance with the RFP specifications and the requirements of [XA].[note:
332]

191 While I note that [XA] did not expressly state that it did not like what
it saw at the meeting on 11 November 2002,[note: 333] I do not agree that the
letter is evidence that [XA] was satisfied with the plaintiff’s proposal. It
certainly does not state that [XA] accepted that the plaintiff’s CCTV sub-
system is in compliance with the RFP specifications and requirements of [XA].
The stand [XA] took in the email was entirely what I would expect an employer
to take with regard to its contractor’s equipment provided by a domestic
supplier. As problems of equipment non-compliance with the RFP had arisen,
[XA] and its consultants had meetings with the domestic supplier to try and
resolve these technical issues. [XA] and its consultants were not satisfied
with RFP compliance, and that being the case, a switch in equipment with time
and cost consequences were likely to arise. [XA] wanted to make sure that it
remained the contractor’s problem, and [XA] did not want to be accused of
having been the cause of (or contributory to) any delay because it was
entertaining the domestic supplier’s representations. [XA] wanted to retreat
behind the walls of its contract which laid the contractual obligation of RFP
compliance squarely on the contractor. Indeed, there is some support for this
(see [186(f)] above). [XA] therefore stated, after the meeting, that the
plaintiff should “liaise and resolve directly with [JVC] on any matter
relating to the CCTV System”, which to my mind clearly suggests that there
might still be technical issues to be resolved. I therefore find that there is
no evidence to support the plaintiff’s case that its CCTV equipment was in
full compliance as of 11 November 2002. On the contrary, it showed non-
compliance and unhappiness on the part of [XA] as to the non-compliance and
the solutions being forced on them by the plaintiff.

(d) [Michael]’s letters in November and December 2002

192 The plaintiff argues that that [Michael] was of the view that the
plaintiff’s CCTV sub-system was in full compliance with the RFP specifications
and the requirements of [XA]. In this respect, the plaintiff refers to two
emails sent by [Michael]:

(a) Email from [Michael] to [William], dated 25 November 2002, with subject
“Compliance of [Y] CCTV with the RFP requirements”:[note: 334]

...

2\. … As I interpret the present situation [Y] is out of the picture, due to
[JVC] decisions, already from October 2002, much before our last meetings in
Singapore, and from [JVC] point of view it is totally irrelevant if [Y’s]
proposal complies or not with RFP requirements.

3\. We don’t know of course the real motive for this. It may be due to
commercial reasons between the suppliers or due to personal bad relationships
between Mr. [Saul] and [JVC] or any other cause, _but for sure it is not
because of disqualification of [Y] by the Client ([XA] and [XF]). They know
very well that at the end we evaluated (the direct [Y] proposal) and approved
it as fully comply with the RFP_.

...

5\. I want to remind every party that when we arrived to Singapore for the
last CDR meetings we declared on our first gathering that we have in our hands
a copy of letter sent by [Y] to [ [XA]. _According to this letter and
following letters from [Y] their updated proposal fully complies with the RFP
requirements_ ...

_6_. _We didn’t received_ [_sic_] _from [XA] or [XD] any response about Mr.
[Saul] last visit in Singapore and his presentations to [XA] and [JVC]_ but, I
fully believe that his presentations didn’t change our judgment that [Y’s]
last written submission fully complies with RFP requirements.

...

[emphasis added]

(b) Email from [Michael] to [Brandon] of [XF], dated 22 December 2002:[note:
335]

…

... I saw your letter to [William] that you ... thank [JVC] for the letter of
changing [Y] to [PT]. [JVC] letter is attached to you ... and _in this letter
they claim again that [Y] system doesn’t comply with the RFP ... big lie. [Y]
solution fully complies with the RFP_. [JVC] just don’t want to work with [Y]
and they are looking for excuses for this. If you can try not to be involved.
[Y] plans to sue [JVC] in Singapore and I prefer that [XF] will not approve
fabrication and lies.

…

[emphasis added]

193 I am not persuaded that the two emails show that the plaintiff’s CCTV sub-
system was in full compliance with the RFP specifications and the requirements
of [XA].

194 First, the emails do not actually show that [XA] had decided that the
plaintiff’s CCTV sub-system complied with the RFP specifications and the
requirements of [XA]. I note that [Michael] said in his email to [William]
that “we” (_ie_ , [XG] and [XD]) as opposed to “the Client” (_ie_ , [XA] and
[XF]) approved the plaintiff’s CCTV sub-system. There is no evidence that [XA]
or [XF] agreed with the contents of the emails, and there is no way to tell if
[XA] and [XF] actually shared the view that the plaintiff’s CCTV sub-system
fully complied. On the contrary, the evidence I have referred to above suggest
otherwise.

195 Secondly, and more importantly, the two emails by [Michael] are quite
inconsistent with the tone and content of his two earlier emails (_ie_ , email
to [XD] dated 11 September 2002 (see [184(c)] above) and email to [John] dated
7 October 2002 (see [186(c)] above)). Whilst these emails pre-date [Michael]’s
emails dated 25 November and 22 December 2002, I note that the later emails
also appear to be inconsistent with the email from [Chris] of [XA] to [Saul]
dated 19 November 2002 which, as I have mentioned earlier (see [189] and [191]
above), suggests that there might be technical issues left to be resolved. As
[Michael] admitted in his email to [William] (see [192(a)] above), he was not
updated by [XA] or [XD] on their views of the plaintiff’s CCTV sub-system
after the meeting of 11 November 2002. This indicates that the view expressed
by [Michael] in the two emails may not be accurate.

196 In addition, I note that [XA] had been concerned with matters apart from
compliance with the RFP specifications. For instance, [John] in his email to
[Jacob] dated 7 October 2002 (see [186(b)] above) pointed out that it is
“professional suicide” to use a system like the plaintiff’s CCTV sub-system
which is _not_ an “off-the-self solution” but includes “new/modified
products”.[note: 336] He recognised that to use the plaintiff’s CCTV system
would “complicate the project and future development”.[note: 337] Indeed, it
appears to me that [XA] did not want to be tied down to the plaintiff’s system
– this creates problems in more ways than one. It might allow the plaintiff to
have a greater leverage over prices of its products and spare parts, or
prevent [XA] from going to any other vendors or suppliers for its future
expansion plans, if any. As mentioned earlier (see [173]–[176] above), [Saul]
had admitted that modification is necessary in order for the plaintiff’s CCTV
sub-system to comply. Therefore, even if [Michael] was right to say that the
plaintiff’s CCTV sub-system complies with the RFP specifications (which I do
not accept), the plaintiff still has not shown that its CCTV sub-system
complies with the other requirements of [XA]. I am not convinced by the two
emails from [Michael], bearing in mind all of the other evidence that I have
considered thus far, that [XA] was satisfied with the plaintiff’s CCTV sub-
system.

197 Pertinently, [Michael] did not give evidence at the trial. [Saul] claims
he knows [Michael] and they are about the same age. There is evidence that
[Michael], [KA] and [ARS (Israel)] had worked together on several projects,
including the [overseas project] (see [8]–[9] above). [Saul] said initially
that [Michael] could not fly to Singapore but yet, with his next breath, said,
“he does not want to fly from Israel to Singapore”.[note: 338] As [Michael]
would have been a witness who could give important evidence, it is, to say the
least, strange that the plaintiff did not make any effort to get [Michael]’s
evidence at the very least by deposition or video-link.

(3) The plaintiff’s explanations

198 The plaintiff offered several explanations why it was wrong to say that
the plaintiff’s CCTV sub-system was not in compliance with the RFP
specifications and/or the requirements of [XA]. These explanations include:

(a) first, that the [XA] was told by someone else that the plaintiff’s CCTV
equipment did not comply with the RFP specifications and/or the requirements
of the [XA];

(b) secondly, that it was not the plaintiff’s CCTV equipment but the system
and/or the set-up of the CCTV sub-system that did not comply with the RFP
specifications and/or the requirements of [XA]; and

(c) thirdly, that the circumstances show that [JVC] wanted to replace the
plaintiff’s CCTV sub-system because it was cheaper.

199 I am not convinced by these explanations, and I will explain why.

(a) [XA] was influenced by “ear poison”

200 The plaintiff’s first explanation is that [XA] is dissatisfied with the
plaintiff’s CCTV sub-system only because someone had poured the “poison” in
the ear of [XA].[note: 339] During cross-examination, [Saul] repeatedly
insisted that [XA] did not know what the plaintiff could or could not have
done, and therefore could not have arrived at the conclusion that the
plaintiff’s CCTV equipment did not comply with the RFP specifications or its
operational requirements.[note: 340] In this regard, the plaintiff sought to
refer to the two emails between [XA] and [Michael] dated 25 September 2002:

(a) Email from [Mark] to [Michael], dated 25 September 2002:[note: 341]

...

… [John]’s e-mail below has already clearly stated that _as a result of our
discussion with [JVC], [Y] has not met many spec._ , and the proposal to look
into another system early is necessary so that [JVC] is able to save some
time. It is very sad that this is not being done. You can certify this with
[Zachary], [Charles] and [Robert] of [JVC]. …

...

[emphasis added]

(b) Email from [Mark] to [Michael], dated 25 September 2002:[note: 342]

…

Just to clarify, the non-compliance as highlighted in red below is _referred
to and as a result of the discussion with [JVC] reps ([Zachary], [Charles],
[Robert]) on 5 Sept 02. [JVC] rep also agreed that there are non-compliances._
This was e-mailed to [XF] the next day. ...

…

[emphasis added]

201 The plaintiff points out that [Zachary] could not explain why the “[JVC]
reps” readily agreed that there was non-compliance even though none of them
were experts in the plaintiff’s CCTV equipment.[note: 343]

202 I do not agree with the plaintiff’s submission. In my view, the same
emails suggest that [XA] came to their own realisation that the plaintiff’s
CCTV sub-system did not comply with the RFP specifications and its
requirements. I do not think that the words “as a result of” used in the
emails dated 25 September 2002 meant that it was [JVC] who first raised the
issue of non-compliance of the plaintiff’s CCTV equipment. In this regard, I
note that [Mark] mentioned in his second email that “[JVC] rep also agreed
that there are non-compliances”. Contrary to the plaintiff’s submission, this
suggests that [JVC] did _not_ point out the non-compliance to [XA] but it was
the other way around. I accept [Zachary]’s evidence that [XA]’s technology
branch is “pretty technically sound” and, by implication, would be capable of
advising [XA] on whether the plaintiff’s CCTV sub-system complies with the RFP
specifications.[note: 344] This is consistent with [Jason]’s email to [John]
dated 6 September 2002 (see [184(a)] above). I also do not agree that the
“[JVC] reps” were in no position to agree that the plaintiff’s CCTV equipment
does not comply with the RFP specifications and the requirements of [XA]. As
[Zachary] explained during the hearing, [Charles] was in charge of engineers
who were looking into the CCTV sub-system,[note: 345] and [Robert] was “the
main person communicating with the design team in Israel” so he would have to
feedback the information and non-compliance to them.[note: 346] This would
have allowed the “[JVC] reps” to understand and take a position on whether the
plaintiff’s CCTV equipment complied with the RFP specifications. In any event,
I do not consider that it makes a significant difference whether [XA] actually
came to realise about the non-compliance on its own or after discussions with
its consultants and/or [JVC]. Even if it was [JVC] who first identified the
non-compliance, the fact remains that the plaintiff’s CCTV sub-system, as it
was presented to [XA], did not comply with the RFP specifications and the
operational requirements of [XA].

(b) CCTV equipment was in compliance

203 The second explanation by the plaintiff was that the plaintiff’s CCTV
equipment was in compliance but it was “the system that [did] not comply” and
“[i]t was the set-up that was wrong”.[note: 347] In fact, [Saul] admitted
during cross-examination that “the system did not comply and it had to be
[compliant] in accordance with what [XA] wanted”.[note: 348] [Saul]’s evidence
was that the plaintiff had offered both the combined matrix system (eight-line
system) and the disperse matrix system (two-line system), but [JVC] (through
[KA]) chose the cheaper disperse matrix system.[note: 349] At one point in the
hearing, [Saul] said that both systems complied with the RFP
specifications.[note: 350] However, [Saul] accepted that [XA] had concerns
with the two-line system which, as I have discussed earlier, might not have
been satisfactorily dealt with by the plaintiff.[note: 351] Moreover, he
admitted later in the hearing that the manner in which the various matrixes
were connected for the plaintiff’s CCTV sub-system did not comply with the RFP
specifications:[note: 352]

A:... When I discussed with [Michael] the many items of this specification, he
said “That’s the requirement. I can do nothing about it. That’s what they
want.”

...

A:So – that’s the requirement, that’s the requirement. _But we do not connect
it that way_. ...

[emphasis added]

204 [Saul] also explained that the plaintiff had not asked for an additional
sum of US$400,000 to US$600,000 from [XA] in order to change from the two-line
system to the eight-line system; it was merely explaining to [KA] the costs
involved for changing to the eight-line system.[note: 353] Instead, the
plaintiff proposed a “basic” addition to the CCTV sub-system at the cost of
US$107,800, and if [KA] refuses to pay, then [JVC] and the plaintiff will
share the costs equally.[note: 354] [Saul]’s evidence was that [BD] refused to
pay,[note: 355] but [Gabriel] agreed with him that [JVC] and the plaintiff
would share the costs if [XA] refuses to pay.[note: 356] However, the
handwritten note dated 24 September 2002 by [Saul] pursuant to the discussion
between [Saul] and [KA] only shows that [Saul] had “offered” to share the
costs equally with [JVC].[note: 357] It does not record that [JVC] (through
[KA]) had accepted the offer. This is corroborated by the correspondence
between [BD] and [KA] where [Gabriel] clearly stated that he did _not_ agree
with [Saul] to bear the additional costs equally.[note: 358]

205 Be that as it may, [JVC] forwarded [Saul]’s letter detailing its proposal
(with the prices redacted) to [XF] on 24 September 2002.[note: 359] The
plaintiff’s proposal was rejected by [William] on behalf of [XA] and [XF], and
one of the reasons given was that it did not fully comply with the RFP.[note:
360] [JVC] was asked to resubmit their proposal in compliance with the RFP by
4 October 2002.[note: 361] On 4 October 2002, [Jacob] on behalf of [JVC]
replied [William] to say that the plaintiff was asking for a variation order
amounting to US$500,000 to US$600,000 in order to comply with the RFP
specifications.[note: 362] As mentioned earlier, [Saul] admitted that the two-
line system was not in accordance with the RFP specifications (see [203]
above) and that it would require additional costs to change from the two-line
system to the eight-line system, for which [JVC] had not agreed to share (see
[204] above). The plaintiff claims that it would have been “commercial
suicide” to ask [XA] for more money to comply,[note: 363] but this was
precisely what the plaintiff had in effect told [JVC] (through [KA]), _ie_ ,
that the additional sum of money is necessary to change it into the eight-line
system. .It is immaterial that the plaintiff had proposed a cheaper
alternative at $107,800 that did not strictly comply with the RFP
specifications. On 7 October 2002, [William] wrote to [Jacob] to inform that
they do not accept the variation order.[note: 364] It is wrong to say that
[XA] (and [XD] as its consultant) was “just quarrelling over the request for
additional payment”.[note: 365] The letter shows that [JVC] was asked to re-
submit the plaintiff’s CCTV sub-system without any qualifications for [XF] to
“review and approve”.[note: 366] In any event, this was not done, and could
not have been done unless the plaintiff was willing to absorb the additional
costs on its own (since [JVC] did not agree to split the additional costs
equally). There is nothing to suggest that the plaintiff was willing to do so.
Two days later, [JVC] informed the plaintiff that [XA] had rejected their CCTV
sub-system. At no point did [XA] accept that the plaintiff’s CCTV sub-system
fully compiled with the RFP specifications and the requirements of [XA].

206 It is also pertinent to note that [Saul] had stated that the problem does
not lie with the plaintiff or its equipment, but “a culmination of how [XA]
wanted the system and how [JVC] actually made the system or designed and
construed the system”.[note: 367] Specifically, [Saul]’s evidence suggested
that the plaintiff’s CCTV sub-system was unique such that modification was
required in order for it to comply with the RFP specifications.[note: 368]
However, the objective documentary evidence is clear that [XA] wanted an “off-
the-shelf” solution that is tried and tested,[note: 369] and the use of a
unique system like the plaintiff’s CCTV sub-system “will complicate the
project and future development” (see [186(b)] above).[note: 370] Indeed,
[Mark] told [Michael] in the email dated 25 September 2002 that “if the
proposed revised solution is the result of customisation to the exten[t] that
it become[s] another unrecognisable monster, then we may have our
reservation[s]”.[note: 371] In other words, even if the plaintiff was able to
comply with the RFP specifications at no additional costs, it has not been
proven that the plaintiff will be able to provide [XA] with the “off-the-
shelf” solution that [XA] wanted.

(c) [JVC] replaced the Plaintiff because of the price

207 The plaintiff’s last explanation was that [JVC] wanted to replace the
plaintiff with [PT] for reasons other than the non-compliance with the RFP
specifications and requirements of [XA]. In this regard, the plaintiff
highlights several facts, including:[note: 372]

(a) [JVC]’s act of looking for alternative suppliers in July 2002;

(b) [XA]’s reluctance to accept [JVC]’s decision to replace the plaintiff’s
CCTV sub-system with [PT] in October 2002;

(c) [JVC]’s attempt to delay and/or prevent the meeting between [XA] and the
plaintiff in November 2002; and

(d) [JVC]’s delay in issuing the letter explaining the reason for replacing
the plaintiff with [PT] despite [XA]’s repeated requests in December 2002.

208 I am not convinced that these facts would lead me to the inference that
the plaintiff’s CCTV sub-system was in full compliance with the RFP
specifications and the requirements of [XA]. This is particularly so given
that I found earlier that the objective documentary evidence does not show
that the plaintiff’s CCTV sub-system complies, but rather, suggests that it
does not.

209 For a start, I should state that even if [JVC] was partly motivated by the
fact that [PT] is substantially cheaper than the plaintiff, it does not alter
my finding that the plaintiff’s CCTV sub-system did not comply with the RFP
specifications and/or the requirements of [XA]. Indeed, I do not think the
[JVC] and [BD] denied that one of the reasons for choosing [PT] over the
plaintiff was the costs involved. On 21 October 2002, a meeting was held
between [XA], [XD], [XF], [JVC] and others to discuss the non-compliance of
the plaintiff’s CCTV sub-system and the possible replacement with [PT]’s CCTV
sub-system.[note: 373] The minutes of the meeting shows that [JVC] proposed
the replacement of the plaintiff’s CCTV sub-system due to, among other things,
the non-compliance with the RFP specifications and the operational
requirements of [XA]:[note: 374]

[JVC] presented the following non conformity of [Y] solution:

...

[JVC] decided not to offer [Y] equipment due to the following reasons:

1\. [Y] non-compliance with the RFP as described above

2\. High risk for [JVC] due to the following factors:

a. Need for development.

b. Uncertainty that the proposed modification will work properly.

c. Time delay for [Y] to develop the new keyboard and for [JVC] to test it.

3\. Additional costs.

210 This is consistent with the evidence of [Zachary] at the hearing:[note:
375]

Court: |  ... If I said to you, “Mr [Zachary], look, [Y] was chucked out because of price”, what do you think of that statement? Is it true, not true, some truth?  
---|---  
A: |  Some truth.  
Court: |  If I said to you, [Y] was chucked out because there was a question of non-compliance, true, not true, some truth?  
A: |  To me it’s true.  
Court: |  It’s true.  
A: |  Yes.  
Court: |  To the best of your recollection, was [XA] really unhappy about the non-compliance, or was it something that was engineered by [JVC] because of price?  
... |   
A: |  And, yes, the ground people, the working level people, yes, [XA], they are not happy with [Y] solution.  
  
  

211 I do not think that there is evidence to support the plaintiff’s assertion
that [JVC] rejected the plaintiff’s CCTV sub-system _solely_ because of the
price. As mentioned earlier, this is the only conclusion that can be reached
given the earlier finding that the plaintiff’s CCTV sub-system did not comply
with the RFP specifications and the requirements of [XA].

212 In any event, I will go on to explain why the facts highlighted by the
plaintiff do not necessarily justify the inference that the plaintiff’s CCTV
sub-system was in full compliance with the RFP specifications and the
requirements of [XA].

213 First, the plaintiff argues that [BD] was looking to replace the plaintiff
in July 2002, before any non-compliance was surfaced, and this shows that [BD]
was planning to replace the plaintiff for reasons other than non-compliance
with the RFP specifications and the requirements of [XA].[note: 376] I do not
agree. The email from [PT] to [BD] dated 31 July 2002 would, at best, show
that [BD] was considering [PT] as an alternative supplier for the CCTV sub-
system. It does not show that [BD] (or [JVC]) had decided to replace the
plaintiff with [PT] regardless of whether the plaintiff’s CCTV sub-system was
compliant or not. More importantly, even if [BD] had decided in July 2002 to
replace the plaintiff for reasons other than non-compliance with the RFP
specifications and the requirements of [XA] (which I do not agree), this says
nothing about whether the plaintiff’s CCTV sub-system actually complies or
not.

214 Secondly, the plaintiff argues that [XA] was reluctant to accept [JVC]’s
decision to switch from the plaintiff to [PT] in October 2002.[note: 377] For
this, the plaintiff cites two emails:

(a) Email from [Justin] to [William] and [Michael] dated 14 October
2002:[note: 378]

We should really keep the option of having the [Y] System open, at least up to
week of 21 October 02. ... Up till now, [XA] would like to consider a further
review of the [Y] System. As indicated in earlier mails by my colleagues, [XA]
would like [JVC] to present their revised [Y] System proposal, to show
compliance to the RFP. ...

(b) Email from [XE] to [Jacob] dated 17 October 2002:[note: 379]

Currently we would still prefer not to approve [PT] products until other
matters are made clearer on next weeks [_sic_] meetings.

215 However, I am not persuaded that the emails show that [XA] is satisfied
that the plaintiff’s CCTV sub-system is compliant. In my view, the emails must
be read in light of the earlier email from [Matthew] of [XA] to [Justin] dated
10 October 2002:[note: 380]

This is to update everyone regarding [Chris]’s latest instruction re this
problematic issue.

2\. [Y] had [written] to Director to say that they are willing to do their
very best to comply with [XA] requirement and that [Y] boss was troubled by
various miscommunication re their position to [XA] by [JVC].

3\. ... [Chris] is concerned that if we change CCTV subsystem halfway, there
may be more issues as a new vendor now needs to come in and there is a
learning curve. There may be NEW issues which we have not had with [Y] which
may arise with the new vendor etc. [Charlie] had pointed possible
infrastructural modifications which we cannot afford at this point in time.

4\. As such, [Chris] has instructed that we, [JVC] and [Y] (boss and technical
people) all sit down at a face to face meeting to sort out all the technical
details once and for all. If at this meeting [Y] really fall seriously short
of our requirements then we will have to go to alternate vendor. ...

5\. My bottom line is : We will not pay more. Our critical requirements must
be complied with. We must stick with the schedule.

216 This clearly shows that any reluctance on the part of [XA] and its
consultants, before the meeting of 11 November 2002, was not because [XA] was
of the view that the plaintiff’s CCTV sub-system was in compliance. Rather, it
was out of the concern that the new system might have more issues. As I have
noted earlier (see [191] above), there is no evidence to show that [XA] was
satisfied with the plaintiff’s CCTV sub-system at the meeting of 11 November
2002.

217 Thirdly, the plaintiff argues that [JVC]’s attempt to delay the meeting
between [XA] and the plaintiff, which was arranged to discuss the plaintiff’s
non-compliance with the RFP specifications and requirements of [XA],
demonstrates that [JVC] “may have something to hide and/or its own reasons for
not wanting the meeting to go ahead”.[note: 381] Again, this does not justify
the inference that the plaintiff’s CCTV sub-system must have been compliant.
The meeting did occur eventually (on 11 November 2002), and as I have stated
earlier (at [191]), there appeared to be issues with the plaintiff’s CCTV sub-
system that were unresolved even after the meeting.

218 Fourthly, the plaintiff argues that [JVC] was reluctant to provide [XA]
with a written letter to justify its reasons for replacing the plaintiff with
[PT] in December 2002, and this suggests that [JVC] was not acting _bona fide_
when it rejected the plaintiff on the basis of non-compliance.[note: 382]
However, it is undisputed that [JVC] did issue the letter on 12 December 2002
to say unequivocally that the plaintiff’s CCTV sub-system was replaced because
it did not comply with the RFP specifications and the “critical operational
requirement” of [XA].[note: 383] The fact that there was a delay could have
been for a number of reasons, and without more, I do not think that it is
appropriate to draw an inference that it must have been because the
plaintiff’s CCTV sub-system was compliant.

219 In my view, these facts do not justify the inference that the plaintiff’s
CCTV sub-system was in full compliance with the RFP specifications and the
requirements of [XA].

220 Accordingly, I am not persuaded by the plaintiff’s explanations for saying
that the plaintiff’s CCTV sub-system was in compliance.

(4) Summary

221 The findings on this issue can be summarised as follows:

(a) [Saul] admitted that the plaintiff’s CCTV sub-system did not comply and
would require some modification in order to comply with the RFP specifications
and the requirements of [XA];

(b) the objective documentary evidence shows that the plaintiff’s CCTV sub-
system did not comply with the RFP specifications and the requirements of
[XA]; and

(c) the plaintiff’s explanations for why it was wrong to say that the
plaintiff’s CCTV sub-system was not in compliance with the RFP specifications
and/or the requirements of [XA] are not persuasive.

222 Based on the above, it is my view that the plaintiff has failed to prove
on the balance of probabilities that its CCTV sub-system was in full
compliance with the RFP specifications and the requirements of [XA]. On the
contrary, as set out above, the evidence shows that it did not comply with the
RFP specifications and the requirements of [XA].

223 Given that it is a term of the [Two] Agreements, if they do exist, that
the plaintiff’s CCTV equipment must comply with the RFP specifications and the
requirements of [XA], and that the plaintiff cannot prove that its CCTV sub-
system was in compliance, I find that the plaintiff had not proved on the
balance of probabilities that there was a breach of the [Two] Agreements.

Whether the first defendant induced the breach with the knowledge of the [Two]
Agreements and the intention to interfere with their performance?

224 Even if I am wrong to find that the [Two] Agreements do not exist and that
the [Two] Agreements had not been breached, I am of the view that the
plaintiff had not proved on the balance of probabilities that the first
defendant had induced the breach with the knowledge of the [Two] Agreements
and with the intention to interfere with their performance.

The plaintiff’s case

225 For a start, I note that the plaintiff concedes that [Paul], [Ben] and
[Amos] are not employed by the first defendant.[note: 384] Instead, the
plaintiff’s case is based on the premise that [Paul], [Ben] and [Amos] are
representatives and/or acting for and on behalf of the first defendant. On
this basis, the plaintiff argues that the first defendant had induced the
breach with the knowledge of the [Two] Agreements and the intention to
interfere with their performance.

226 The plaintiff claims that the first defendant knew about the [Two]
Agreements through [Paul], [Ben] and [Amos]. The plaintiff points out, _inter
alia_ , that the first defendant, through [BA] and [BC], had direct control
and involvement in the business of [BD].[note: 385] Further, [Jacob] as the
general manager of [BD] reported directly to [Amos] who in turn reported to
[Paul].[note: 386] Therefore, the plaintiff claims that [Paul] and [Amos] were
regularly updated on the progress of the [Project].[note: 387] In addition,
the plaintiff asserts that the first defendant controlled the “purse strings”
of all the entities under [BC], including [BD], by virtue of the [Z]
procurement procedure. For [BC], it requires purchases above $850,000 to be
approved by the Regional Financial Director (_ie_ , [Ben]), the Regional
Purchasing Manager / Regional General Manager (_ie_ , [Amos]) and President of
[BC] (_ie_ , [Paul]).[note: 388] The plaintiff also claims that the first
defendant and [BC] had direct control over the operations of [JVC] because
[BD] is the lead company in [JVC] and [Amos] (who reported to [Paul]) was a
member of the [JVC] management committee.[note: 389] According to the
plaintiff, the first defendant must have been aware of the [Two] Agreements
given that [Amos] was a part of the [JVC] management committee and that the
first defendant had the “final say” in the approval of purchase orders above
$850,000.[note: 390]

227 The plaintiff further claims that the first defendant must have induced
the breach of the [Two] Agreements because:

(a) [Amos] was directly involved in the management of [JVC] and the decision
to replace the plaintiff as the CCTV supplier had to come from the [JVC]
management committee;[note: 391]

(b) [BD] was the lead company in [JVC] and the [Z] procurement procedures were
applied to the [Project];[note: 392] and

(c) [Paul], [Amos] and/or [Ben] approved the appointment of [PT] to replace
the plaintiff as the CCTV supplier.[note: 393]

228 In this respect, the plaintiff asserts that the first defendant induced
the breach of the [Two] Agreements because [KA] would not have been able to
unilaterally act without [BD], and [BD] would not have been able to act
without the approval of the first defendant and [BC].[note: 394]

The first defendant’s case

229 The first defendant denies that [Paul], [Ben] and [Amos] were employees,
officers, agents or representatives of the first defendant or acting for and
on behalf of the first defendant at the material time.[note: 395] In light of
this, the first defendant denies that it had induced the breach of the [Two]
Agreements or that it had the requisite knowledge and intention to do
so.[note: 396] The first defendant also specifically denies the allegations
made by the plaintiff as set out at [226]–[228] above.[note: 397]

My decision: The first defendant did not act with the knowledge of the [Two]
Agreements or with the intention to interfere with their performance

230 As mentioned earlier, I am of the view that the defendant did not act with
the knowledge of the [Two] Agreement or with the intention to interfere with
their performance.

(1) Attribution of knowledge and acts

231 In my judgment, the knowledge and acts of [Paul], [Amos] and [Ben] should
not be attributed to the first defendant. The difficulty here is two-fold:

(a) first, [Paul], [Amos] and [Ben], whose acts and knowledge the plaintiff
seeks to attribute to the first defendant, are neither employees nor directors
of the first defendant; and

(b) second, [Paul], [Amos] and [Ben] do not manage or control the business of
the first defendant (which is a holding company) but the business of [BC].

232 The plaintiff argues that [Paul], [Amos] and [Ben] are “high ranking
officers within the hierarchy of the [Z] group of companies, whose
appointments were authorised by [the first defendant]”,[note: 398] and when
they perform their duties and functions within [BC], their actions are “for
the benefit of [the first defendant], who was the ultimate parent company of
all the subsidiaries”.[note: 399] According to the plaintiff, this is
supported by two points:[note: 400]

(a) first, the appointments of [Paul], [Ben] and [Amos] to their respective
positions within [BC] were authorised by the first defendant; and

(b) second, [Paul], [Ben] and [Amos] were acting for the benefit of the first
defendant (as the ultimate parent company of all the subsidiaries) when they
performed their duties and functions within [BC].

233 Therefore, the plaintiff submits that [Paul], [Amos] and [Ben] were the
“directing mind and will of [the first defendant] in respect of the
[Project]”.[note: 401]

234 On the other hand, the first defendant submits, _inter alia_ , that:[note:
402]

(a) [Paul], [Ben] and [Amos] were not the directing mind and will of the first
defendant;

(b) [Paul], [Ben] and [Amos] were not the first defendant’s employees, agents,
representatives and/or individuals acting for and on behalf of the first
defendant; and

(c) the first defendant is a holding company, which is not involved in the
day-to-day management or conduct of the businesses or affairs of its
subsidiaries within the [Z] group of companies.

235 In my view, the plaintiff is, in effect, asking for the entire [Z] group
of companies (of which the first defendant is the holding company) to be
treated as though it is the same as the first defendant, and for the acts and
knowledge of certain individuals within the [Z] group of companies to be
attributed to the first defendant. I do not think that the plaintiff has shown
why this can, and should, be done in the present case.

236 First, the plaintiff’s argument ignores the fundamental principle of
company law that a company is a separate legal entity. It presupposes that the
entire [Z] group of companies and the first defendant (as the holding company)
are one and the same. However, the plaintiff did not provide reasons to
explain why such a view is justified. In _Walter Woon on Company Law_ (Tan
Cheng Han gen ed) (Sweet & Maxwell, Rev 3rd Ed, 2009) at para 2.36, the
learned author states that:

There is often a temptation in the case of a group of companies to run the
group as if it was one super entity encompassing all the companies. This
temptation is especially strong where the group consists of wholly-owned
subsidiaries of a holding company. The temptation should be stoutly resisted.
_Although a group of companies may be run as one business in an operational
sense, in law each company within the group has a distinct personality_. ...
[emphasis added]

237 The plaintiff has _not_ argued that the corporate veil should be pierced.
Even if it had, I do not think that the corporate veil should be pierced in
the circumstances of the present case. In this regard, I note that Lee Kim
Shin JC in _Manuchar Steel Hong Kong Ltd v Star Pacific Line Pte Ltd_ [2014] 4
SLR 832 at [89]–[136] undertook a careful analysis of the local and foreign
authorities on the issue of whether the “single economic entity” concept is,
or should be recognised as, law in Singapore. He concluded that it was not,
and should not be, recognised. I endorse Lee JC’s views on the issue.

238 In addition, the plaintiff has not cited a single case where the acts or
knowledge of an individual, who is neither an employee nor director of the
company and does not purport to act on behalf of the company, can be
attributed to the company. A survey of the Singapore cases on this issue would
reveal that there is no basis, as the law currently stands, for such an
argument.

239 The plaintiff appears to rely on Hoffmann LJ’s (as he then was) views in
the case of _El Ajou v Dollar Land Holdings plc and another_ [1994] 2 All ER
685 (“ _El Ajou_ ”) for the proposition that the “directing mind and will” of
a company may be found in different persons in respect of different activities
such that the “directing mind and will” may be the person who had management
and control in relation to the act or omission in point.[note: 403] However, I
do not think that _El Ajou_ advances the plaintiff’s case. In _El Ajou_ , the
question was whether a director described as a “nominee director with non-
executive responsibility” was the company’s directing mind and will for the
purpose of establishing the liability of a company under a constructive trust.
The Court of Appeal held that it was sufficient that the director had
management and control so far as the receipt of the fraud was concerned,
having made arrangements for the receipt and disposal of the money, even
though he had no general managerial responsibility in the company (at 696–697
and 699–700, 706). I do not think that _El Ajou_ stands for the proposition
that the acts and knowledge of any person, whether part of the holding company
or not, who manages and controls the business of the group of companies can be
attributed to the ultimate holding company. The Court of Appeal in _El Ajou_
was dealing with the issue of whether the acts and knowledge of the “nominee
director with non-executive responsibility” can be attributed to the company.
Moreover, the director was held to be the “directing mind and will” (this case
was decided before _Meridian Global Funds Management Asia Ltd v Securities
Commission_ [1995] 2 AC 500 (“ _Meridian_ ”); see [241] below) in relation to
certain acts of the company, _ie_ , the receipt of assets representing the
monies fraudulently misapplied. This is quite different from the present case,
where [Paul], [Amos] and [Ben] (neither employees nor directors of the first
defendant) were purportedly managing and controlling the business of [BC]. The
plaintiff’s reliance on _El Ajou_ clearly illustrates that it had mistakenly
proceeded on the basis that the entire [Z] group of companies can and should
be treated as though it was one company.

240 Secondly, the plaintiff assumed (without making any submissions) that the
knowledge of [Paul], [Amos] and [Ben] can be aggregated and attributed to the
first defendant. I am not prepared to accept that the knowledge of individuals
within a group of companies can, in all cases, be attributed to the holding
company. Even if I ignore for a moment that [Paul], [Amos] and [Ben] were not
employed by the first defendant, the issue of whether it is permissible, when
determining the state of mind of a company, to aggregate the knowledge of a
number of different employees within a company is already a difficult one. It
has not been specifically addressed in Singapore, and there is no consensus in
the approaches taken by the other jurisdictions, like England, Australia and
the United States: see Andrew Eastwood, “Corporations and the Aggregation of
Knowledge” (2013) 87 Australian Law Journal 553. The difficulty with the
plaintiff’s argument is compounded by the fact that it requires the
aggregation of the knowledge of a number of different individuals who are not
part of the company, but part of a company within the group of companies. As
noted above, it is undisputed that [Paul], [Amos] and [Ben] were not employed
by the first defendant,[note: 404] but were employed by other companies within
the [Z] group of companies.[note: 405]

241 Thirdly, the plaintiff has not submitted on the appropriate rules of
attribution that should be applied in the present case. To determine when and
which person’s acts and knowledge is to be treated as the company’s own, the
court must look at the rules of attribution: _Ho Kang Peng v Scintronix Corp
Ltd (formerly known as TTL Holdings Ltd)_ [2014] 3 SLR 329 (“ _Scintronix_ ”)
at [47]–[50]; _The “Dolphina”_ [2012] 1 SLR 992 (“ _The Dolphina_ ”) at [237].
In _Scintronix_ at [49], the Court of Appeal accepted Lord Hoffmann’s
observations in _Meridian_ at 511 that the term “directing mind and will” was
a mere description of the person identified as the one whose knowledge and
acts are to be attributed to the company under the rules of attribution, and
is not a rule of attribution in itself. The Court of Appeal went on to observe
at [50] that the appellant’s argument that the knowledge of certain
individuals could be attributed to the company so long as it could be shown
that they were the directing mind and will of the company “evidenced a lack of
appreciation of the rules of attribution”. In the present case, the plaintiff
argues that the test should be “whether [Paul], [Amos] and [Ben] were the
directing mind and will of [the first defendant] in respect of the
[Project]”.[note: 406] There was no mention on the rules of attribution that
should be applicable. In any event, I do not consider that the plaintiff can
satisfy any of the rules of attribution. For completeness, I should point out
that the plaintiff’s reliance on the by-laws of the first defendant to say
that powers of the first defendant are vested in “top management personnel
like [Paul], [Ben] and [Amos]”[note: 407] is clearly misconceived. The by-law
clearly states that “[t]he business of [the first defendant] shall be managed
outside the United Kingdom _by the Directors_ ...”. It is undisputed that
[Paul], [Ben] and [Amos] were not directors of the first defendant. The first
defendant has its own directors and officers. In addition, it is not the
plaintiff’s case that [Paul], [Ben] and [Amos] were acting as agents of the
first defendant.[note: 408] As Belinda Ang J noted in _The Dolphina_ at [231],
the identification doctrine (_ie_ , the “directing mind and will” argument) is
a different means of attribution from the doctrine of agency. In any event,
there is nothing on the facts to suggest that [Paul], [Ben] and [Amos] were
agents of the first defendant.

242 For completeness, I should add that on the facts I do not find that
[Paul], [Ben] and [Amos] were representatives and/or acting for and on behalf
of the first defendant. First, [Paul], [Ben] and [Amos] were appointed to
their positions in [BC] by the first defendant because it was entitled as the
sole shareholder of the second defendant to do so.[note: 409] Hence, the
appointments were done on behalf of the first defendant insofar as it was
entitled to do so. However, it does not follow that [Paul], [Ben] and [Amos]
would therefore have to be representatives of the first defendant in the
performance of their duties in [BC]. Secondly, and this is related to the
first point, the letters of appointment for [Paul], [Ben] and [Amos] do not
show that they were appointed as representatives of the first defendant. For
instance, the letter of appointment for [Paul] stated that the appointment was
made “on behalf of” the second defendant, and not the first defendant.[note:
410] Thirdly, it is incorrect to suggest that [Paul], [Ben] and [Amos] must
have been the representatives and/or acting for and on behalf of the first
defendant because their bonuses were approved by the Board of Directors of the
first defendant and they were awarded stock options in the first defendant. It
is apparent from the Statement of Terms and Conditions of Award for the
Employee Stock Option Scheme as of 5 February 2002 that the Employee Stock
Option Scheme extends to the employees of the first defendant and its
subsidiaries.[note: 411] Moreover, the evidence is clear that the bonuses and
stock options were awarded for services provided to the subsidiaries (_ie_ ,
[BC]) rather than to the first defendant.[note: 412] As a whole, I am not
persuaded by the plaintiff that [Paul], [Ben] and [Amos] were actually
representatives and/or acting for and on behalf of the first defendant in the
performance of their duties within [BC].

243 Accordingly, I do not think that there is any basis to conclude that the
knowledge and acts of [Paul], [Amos] and [Ben] should be attributed to the
first defendant.

(2) Inducement of a breach

244 I also do not consider that there was any inducement on the facts of the
present case. For the avoidance of doubt, I should clarify that this finding
is premised on the assumption that I am wrong to find that (a) the [Two]
Agreements do not exist, (b) the [Two] Agreements had not been breached, and
(c) that the knowledge and acts of [Paul], [Amos] and [Ben] cannot be
attributed to the first defendant.

245 The plaintiff argues that the first defendant induced the breach of the
[Two] Agreements because:

(a) [Amos] gave clear instructions to [BD] and/or [JVC] to obtain alternative
proposals and disregard the [Two] Agreements;[note: 413] and

(b) [Paul], among other people, approved the [PT] order as required by the [Z]
procurement procedure.[note: 414]

246 The plaintiff submits that the following emails constituted “clear
instructions” for [BD] and/or [JVC] to “disregard” the [Two] Agreements:[note:
415]

(a) the email from [Amos] to [James] dated 23 April 2002, where [Amos] stated
that all vendors should give a price reduction of “minimum 15%” so as to drive
the costs down “for the good of the JV”;[note: 416]

(b) the email from [Amos] to [James], [Jacob] and [Zachary] dated 8 April
2002, where [Amos] asked that “the policy of the company will be properly
applied, JV or not”.[note: 417]

247 The plaintiff contends that since [JVC] can only act with the concurrence
of [BD], which must have acted with the approval of the first defendant, it
follows that the plaintiff could not have been replaced unless the first
defendant approved.[note: 418] The plaintiff submits that this would suffice
to show that the first defendant had induced the breach of the [Two]
Agreements. In this regard, the plaintiff submits that it is not always
necessary to adduce direct evidence to establish inducement, and that relevant
circumstantial evidence may constitute sufficient proof where direct evidence
is not available (citing _Abani Trading Pte Ltd v PT Delta Karina Mandiri and
another_ [2001] 3 SLR(R) 404 (“ _Abani_ ”)).[note: 419]

248 On the other hand, the first defendant put forward two arguments. First,
the first defendant did not induce the breach (if any) by concurring with the
decision of [JVC] to replace the plaintiff.[note: 420] Secondly, the first
defendant did not induce the breach (if any) by virtue of its control over its
subsidiaries.[note: 421]

249 I find that the first defendant had not induced the breach of the [Two]
Agreements by [BD] or [JVC] for three reasons.

250 First, there is insufficient evidence to show that the first defendant had
induced [BD] and/or [JVC] to breach of the [Two] Agreements. In _Abani_ , Kan
Ting Chiu J found that, apart from the fact that the plaintiff and the second
defendant were potential competitors, there was evidence to show that the
second defendant was involved in the termination of the contract by “supplying
the money for the refund [of the advance payment made under the charterparty]
and by taking over the charterparty as well as the loaded cement” (at [33] and
[37]). Unlike the facts in _Abani_ , I am not prepared to draw an inference,
based on all the relevant facts and circumstances and in particular, the
points highlighted by the plaintiff, that the first defendant had induced [BD]
or [JVC] to breach the [Two] Agreements. In my view, the emails from [Amos] do
not constitute “clear instructions for [BD] and/or [JVC] to obtain alternative
proposals and to disregard existing oral or shake-hand agreements”.[note: 422]
If the emails from [Amos] in April 2002 were “clear instructions” to [BD] or
[JVC] as alleged by the plaintiff, then it would be illogical for [JVC] to
issue the Purchase Order to the plaintiff in July 2002 before cancelling it on
9 October 2002. This suggests that the emails from [Amos] had no effect on
[BD] and/or [JVC]. In this respect, I agree with the suggestion in Gary Chan
Kok Yew & Lee Pey Woan, _The Law of Torts in Singapore_ (Academy Publishing,
2011) at para 15.012 that “[t]he inducer’s words or conduct must be shown to
have been a direct and effective cause of the contracting party’s decision to
default on his contractual obligation”. Moreover, the fact that [Paul] had to
approve the decision of [JVC] to order the CCTV sub-system from [PT] could not
possibly support the plaintiff’s contention that the first defendant played an
active role in subverting the [Two] Agreements. The decision to approve the
[PT] CCTV sub-system came after the alleged breach of the [Two] Agreements and
could not, logically speaking, constitute the act of inducement. In any event,
I accept the evidence of [James] that it was not necessary to obtain the
approval of [Paul] for the cancellation (as opposed to approval) of a purchase
order.[note: 423] This was corroborated by [Jacob]’s email to [Gabriel] dated
27 November 2002, in which [Jacob] stated that the plaintiff’s order was
cancelled by [Gabriel] and himself.[note: 424]

251 Secondly, the first defendant’s concurrence with the decision made by
[JVC] to replace the plaintiff would not suffice to constitute inducement. In
_Lines International Holdings (S) Pte Ltd v Singapore Tourist Promotion Board
and another_ [1997] 1 SLR(R) 52, the plaintiff in that case argued, _inter
alia_ , that the Singapore Tourist Promotion Board (“STPB”) knew about the
contract between the plaintiff in that case and the Port of Singapore
Authority (“PSA”), and induced PSA, in breach of the contract, to deny
berthing facilities which otherwise would have been allocated to the plaintiff
in that case. Judith Prakash J held that there was no inducement on the part
of STPB. She explained at [145] that the decision to deny the plaintiff of a
berth was made by PSA and “the fact that it had STPB’s concurrence in the
decision does not change the reality that PSA was the deciding body”. The same
reasoning applies here. As stated earlier, I accept the evidence of [James]
that it was not necessary to obtain the approval of [Paul] for the
cancellation (as opposed to approval) of a purchase order.[note: 425] Instead,
the evidence indicates that it was [Jacob] and [Gabriel] who cancelled the
Purchase Order issued for the plaintiff’s CCTV sub-system. Hence, the fact
that the first defendant (through [Paul]) might have concurred with the
decision of [JVC] to replace the plaintiff with [PT] would not suffice to
prove that the first defendant had induced the breach.

252 Thirdly, the fact that [BD] was one of the subsidiaries controlled by the
first defendant would not, without more, suffice to constitute inducement. I
agree with the view of Thomas J in _Stocznia Gdanska SA v Latvian Shipping Co,
Latreefer Inc and others_ [2001] 1 Lloyd’s Rep 537 (“ _Stocznia_ ”) at [233]
that the mere fact that a company is a wholly owned subsidiary controlled by
the parent company does not enable the court to draw the inference that the
directors of the subsidiary treated the requests of the parent company as if
they were instructions to be executed. Such an inference ignores the fact that
the subsidiary is, unless proven otherwise, a separate legal entity. On the
facts, Thomas J held that there was no basis to find that the subsidiary in
question was a sham company or that the directors treated the requests of the
parent company as if they were instructions simply to be carried out (at
[235]–[236]). Thomas J’s decision in _Stocznia_ was upheld on appeal by the
Court of Appeal (see _Stocznia Gdanska SA v Latvian Shipping Co, Latreefer Inc
and others_ [2002] 2 Lloyd’s Rep 436). In the present case, the plaintiff
neither pleaded nor proved that [BD] was a sham company or that the directors
and/or officers of [BD] acted as they were told by the first defendant. The
plaintiff submitted that the first defendant was the “directing mind of [BD]”
because the first defendant “controlled how [BD] manages its business
operations” through individuals like [Paul], [Ben] and [Amos], and [BD] must
adhere to [Z] procurement policies.[note: 426] This argument is clearly
misconceived. I am not persuaded that the first defendant, as a company, can
be the directing mind and will of [BD]. In any event, the fact that [BD], as a
subsidiary, generally complies with policies that apply to the entire [Z]
group of companies does not prove that [BD] is a sham company. I also do not
agree with the plaintiff that [BD] “would have to adhere to [Z] procurement
policies even if it meant breaching [the [Two] Agreements]”.[note: 427] If it
was true that the directors of [BD] were simply acting as they were told by
the first defendant (_eg_ , complying with [Z] procurement policies even if it
meant breaching the [Two] Agreements), then it would be most unlikely for [BD]
to have entered into the alleged [Two] agreements in the first place since it
would have equally been a violation of the [Z] procurement policies. I also do
not agree with the plaintiff that [Zachary] was saying that the decisions for
the [Project] were made by the top management of the [Z] group of companies
when he said that “these are all top management decision, top management
politics”.[note: 428] It is apparent, when considered in light of the context,
that [Zachary] was merely saying that, given his minor role in the [Project],
he was not involved in many of the meetings between [JVC], [XA] and the
plaintiff. By “top management”, [Zachary] was referring to the relevant
persons in [JVC], [XA] (as opposed to the first defendant).

253 The plaintiff submits, in the alternative, that the first defendant’s act
of approving the Purchase Order for [PT] (through [Paul]) constituted
“indirect interference” with the [Two] Agreements as the act of approving the
[PT] order was inconsistent with the [Two] Agreements.[note: 429] I find that
this argument is wholly unmeritorious. As mentioned earlier (see [250] above),
the decision to approve the Purchase Order for the [PT]’s CCTV sub-system came
after the alleged breach of the [Two] Agreements and could not, logically
speaking, have induced the breach of the [Two] Agreements. In any event, it
has not been accepted in Singapore that the tort of inducement of a breach of
contract extends to cover situations of indirect interference, and I do not
think that such a development would be appropriate. I note that the House of
Lords in _OBG Ltd and another v Allan and others_ [2008] 1 AC 1 unequivocally
characterised indirect interference as falling within the tort of causing loss
by unlawful means which (as Lord Hoffmann explained at [8]) is distinct from
the tort of inducement of a breach of contract. A similar view appears to have
been expressed by the Court of Appeal in _Tribune Investment_ at [15]:

This action for "unlawful interference" is different in substance from and
should not be confused with a claim for inducement of a breach of contract.
The elements required to satisfy both causes of action are separate and
distinct. In other words, they are two substantively different torts and
should be treated as such.

254 For completeness, I should state that even though the plaintiff pleaded
that the first defendant had induced [KA] to breach the [First]
Agreement,[note: 430] the plaintiff did not make any submissions on
this.[note: 431] Be that as it may, I am of the view that there is
insufficient evidence to show that the first defendant had induced [KA] to
breach of the [First] Agreement.

(4) Summary

255 The findings on the issue of whether the first defendant had induced the
breach of the [Two] Agreements can be summarised as follows:

(a) the knowledge and acts of [Paul], [Amos] and [Ben] cannot be attributed to
the first defendant; and

(b) there is insufficient evidence to show that [BD] (or [KA]) was induced by
the first defendant to breach the [Two] Agreements.

256 For the reasons above, I conclude that the plaintiff had not proved on the
balance of probabilities that the first defendant had induced the breach of
the [Two] Agreements. Accordingly, the plaintiff’s claim in inducement of a
breach of contract must fail.

Second claim: Conspiracy to injure by breach of contract

257 The plaintiff’s second claim is that the first defendant had conspired
with [BD] and/or [KA] to injure the plaintiff by the breach of the [Two]
Agreements. The elements for a claim in unlawful means conspiracy were set out
by the Court of Appeal in _EFT Holdings, Inc and another v Marinteknik
Shipbuilders (S) Pte Ltd and another_ [2014] 1 SLR 860 (“ _EFT Holdings_ ”) at
[112] as follows:

(a) there was a combination of two or more persons to do certain acts;

(b) the alleged conspirators had the intention to cause damage or injury to
the plaintiff by those acts;

(c) the acts were unlawful;

(d) the acts were performed in furtherance of the agreement; and

(e) the plaintiff suffered loss as a result of the conspiracy.

258 The plaintiff’s second claim cannot succeed given that I earlier found
that the [Two] Agreements do not exist and even if they do exist, they have
not been breached. In other words, the alleged unlawful act cannot be
established. This sufficiently disposes of the matter. Nevertheless, I shall
go on to consider the plaintiff’s claim for conspiracy to injure by breach of
contract on the assumption that my earlier findings are wrong. The contention
in this case, leaving aside the existence and breach of the [Two] Agreements,
is whether there was an agreement or a combination to breach the [Two]
Agreements.

259 The plaintiff must show that there was an agreement or a combination
between the first defendant, [BD] and/or [KA] to breach the [Two] Agreements,
and acts were performed in furtherance of the agreement or combination (see
_EFT Holdings_ at [113]). According to the Court of Appeal in _EFT Holdings_
at [113]:

... The existence of a combination is often inferred from the circumstances
and acts of the alleged conspirators (_Kuwait Oil Tanker Co SAK v Al Bader_
[2000] 2 All ER (Comm) 271 ("_Kuwait Oil Tanker_ ") at [110];  _Asian
Corporate Services (SEA) Pte Ltd v Eastwest Management Ltd (Singapore Branch)_
[2006] 1 SLR(R) 901 at [19];  _The Dolphina_ [2012] 1 SLR 992 ("_Dolphina_ ")
at [262]-[264]). It is also accepted that the parties must be "sufficiently
aware of the surrounding circumstances and share the object for it properly to
be said that they were acting in concert at the time of the acts complained
of" (_Kuwait Oil Tanker_ at [111]).

260 In my judgment, the plaintiff has failed to prove on the balance of
probabilities that there is an agreement or a combination between the first
defendant, [BD] and/or [KA]. For a start, I note that the plaintiff is unable
to provide particulars of how or when the alleged conspiracy was
conceived.[note: 432] The plaintiff merely asserts that the circumstances are
“consistent only with a dishonest scheme” perpetrated by the first defendant,
[BD] and/or [KA].[note: 433] Specifically, the plaintiff relies on the email
from [Amos] to [James] dated 23 April 2002 as the evidence of the conspiracy,
and it reads:[note: 434]

…

In my opinion all vendors should be tasked with a price reduction of a minimum
15%, this would reflect the margin cuts we had make to get the order, and the
price of being a preferred vendor going forward. The vendors do not have the
certainty that we will go with them, and even though they are preferred, there
is the threat, that we may choose to go with their competitors.

_I am sure I have everyone’s agreement that we have to drive the costs down
for the good of the JV and to keep the vendors honest._

_…_

[emphasis added]

261 In addition, the plaintiff points out that [James] acknowledged during
cross-examination that [Amos]’s instruction was to obtain 15% discount from
all vendors, including the plaintiff, despite the existence of the alleged
“handshake” agreement on price.[note: 435]

262 However, I am unable to agree with the plaintiff.

263 First of all, I note that the plaintiff had assumed, without making any
submission, that the knowledge and acts of [Amos] can be attributed to the
first defendant for the purpose of establishing its claim in conspiracy to
breach the [Two] Agreements. For the same reasons that I have stated earlier
in relation to the plaintiff’s claim for inducement of a breach of contract
(see [231]–[243] above), I do not agree that the knowledge and acts of [Amos]
can be attributed to the first defendant.

264 In any event, I do not think that the email from [Amos] to [James] dated
23 April 2002 shows that there was an agreement or combination between the
first defendant, [BD] and/or [KA] for [JVC] to replace the plaintiff as the
CCTV supplier if it was unwilling to give a 15% discount. In my view, the
email would, taken at its highest, indicate that [Amos] wanted to get a bigger
discount from the suppliers with the threat of replacing them. It is also
significant that the email does not show that there was a consensus between
the first defendant, [BD] and/or [KA] on the issue. In particular, I note that
[James] did not say that [BD] (or [KA]) agreed with [Amos] that the plaintiff
must be replaced if it refused to give a 15% discount. To be exact, [James]’s
evidence was simply that the policy of the company does not recognise any
“handshake” agreements.[note: 436]

265 Moreover, the plaintiff’s argument is severely undermined by the fact that
[JVC] went ahead to issue the Purchase Order to the plaintiff in July 2002. It
is also telling that the decision to cancel the Purchase Order was made after
the email from [XA] on 7 October 2002 communicating its rejection of the
plaintiff’s CCTV sub-system (see [186(b)] above), and without any reference to
[Amos]’s emails in April 2002. In my view, the circumstances do not support
the plaintiff’s case that there was an agreement or a combination between the
first defendant, [BD] and/or [KA] to breach the [Two] Agreements. I see no
reason for [JVC] to issue the Purchase Order in July 2002 if there was an
agreement or a combination between the first defendant, [BD] and/or [KA] to
breach the [Two] Agreements in April 2002.

266 Accordingly, the plaintiff’s claim in conspiracy to injure by breach of
contract must fail.

Third claim: Conspiracy to injure by malicious falsehood

267 The plaintiff’s third claim is that the first defendant conspired with
[KA] and/or [BD] to maliciously publish false words about the plaintiff’s
design or business by way of three letters dated 4 October 2002, 25 October
2002 and 12 December 2002 with the intention to injure the plaintiff. The
alleged false statements in the letters are as follows:

(a) Letter from [JVC] to [XD] dated 4 October 2002:[note: 437]

To fulfil the compliance, [Y] is requesting for a variation order amounting to
500 to 600 thousand US dollars. Part of which is meant for developing new
equipment to fulfil the tender requirements.

(b) Letter from [JVC] to [XF] dated 25 October 2002:[note: 438]

In order for the existing CCTV sub-system to fully comply with tender
specification and most importantly meeting the client’s critical operational
requirement, the original CCTV matrices, keyboard selectors and switching
equipment etc. need to be modified extensively, redesigned and retested.

This modifications [_sic_] will invariably envisage longer lead time for
gearing up manufacturing, reliability testing and system configuration
acceptability clearance which is too risky for [JVC] and hampering our
contractual obligation with the client and project authority.

(c) Letter from [JVC] to [XF] dated 12 December 2002:[note: 439]

As the CCTV proposal from [Y] do not comply with fully to the RFP, [JVC] has
submitted an alternative solution for client’s evaluation.

In order for the existing CCTV sub-system to fully comply with tender
specification and most importantly meeting the client’s critical operational
requirement, the original CCTV matrices, keyboard selectors and switching
equipment etc. need to be modified extensively, redesigned and retested.

This modifications [_sic_] will invariably envisage longer lead time for
gearing up manufacturing, reliability testing and system configuration
acceptability clearance which is too risky for [JVC] and hampering our
contractual obligation with the client and project authority.

268 As part of establishing the elements of unlawful means conspiracy (see
[257] above), the plaintiff must prove the unlawful act, _ie_ , that malicious
falsehood took place in furtherance of the agreement or combination. In _WBG
Network (Singapore) Pte Ltd v Meridian Life International Pte Ltd and others_
[2008] 4 SLR(R) 727 at [68], Andrew Ang J observed that, for a claim in
malicious falsehood, the plaintiff must prove the following:

(a) the defendant published to third parties words which are false;

(b) the words refer to the plaintiff, his property or business;

(c) the words were published maliciously; and

(d) special damage has followed as a direct and natural result of the
publication (but see s 6(1)(_b_) of the Defamation Act (Cap 75, 2014 Rev Ed).

269 I do not think that the plaintiff has proved its claim for two reasons.
First, the plaintiff has not shown that the contents of the letters dated 4
October 2002, 25 October 2002 and 12 December 2002 are false. Secondly, the
plaintiff has not justified why the first defendant should be liable for the
acts of [JVC]. I will address both points in turn.

270 In my judgment, the plaintiff has not proved that the contents of the
letters are false. In essence, the plaintiff’s claim is premised upon the fact
that the plaintiff’s CCTV sub-system was compliant with the RFP specifications
and the requirements of [XA]. This was not proved (see [152]–[222] above).
Therefore, the plaintiff’s case must fail. For completeness, however, I would
specifically show why the statements in the letters are not false.

271 The plaintiff argues that the contents of the letter dated 4 October 2002
are false because the plaintiff agreed with [KA] that it would not ask for
more money in respect of the proposed solution to the alleged non-
compliance.[note: 440] However, this is not borne out by the evidence. On 20
September 2002, [Saul] wrote to [Gabriel] to discuss the issue of non-
compliance. At this point in time, the issue of non-compliance by the
plaintiff’s CCTV sub-system had already been raised by [XA] and other parties.
In the letter, [Saul] wrote:

_To change the system to 8 lines between [Location 1] and [Location 2] and to
[Location 4] (without split) will increase the price by some US$400,000- and
to do so with split screens will be around US$600,000.-_

It is our opinion that to answer their insistence at this stage you should
offer only the basic additions. This by quoting to the user a price of
US$107,800.- plus your margin.

[emphasis added]

272 [Saul]’s explanation was that the plaintiff was not asking for an
additional sum of US$400,000 to US$600,000 from [XA] in order to change from
the two-line system to the eight-line system, but was explaining to [KA] the
costs involved to change to the eight-line system.[note: 441] I do not agree.
The two-line system (or, for that matter, the three-line system) would not
comply with the RFP specifications and the requirements of [XA]. As I have
earlier found (see [204] above), there was no agreement between the plaintiff,
[BD] and [KA] (or [JVC]) to bear the additional sum of US$400,000 to
US$600,000 which was required to change the plaintiff’s CCTV sub-system from
two-line to eight-line. I have also explained earlier (see [205] above) that
it is immaterial that the plaintiff had proposed a cheaper alternative at
$107,800 given that it did not strictly comply with the RFP specifications.
Hence, the only way for the plaintiff’s CCTV sub-system to meet the
requirement for an eight-line system was for [XA] to pay US$400,000 to
US$600,000. There is no doubt that the plaintiff was, in effect, asking for
US$400,000 to US$600,000 to make the change. In my view, the letter dated 4
October 2002 was correctly based on [Saul]’s position stated in his letter
dated 20 September 2002. Furthermore, I do not agree that the volte-face by
the plaintiff in his letter to [XA] on 10 October 2002 stating that the
plaintiff’s CCTV sub-system will be rendered compliant “at no additional cost
to [XA]” is relevant for the purpose of ascertaining if the contents of the
letter dated 4 October 2002 are false.

273 I now move on to address the letters dated 25 October 2002 and 12 December
2002. I will deal with both letters together given that they are substantially
similar for the present purpose. The plaintiff argues that the contents of the
letters were false because [Michael] stated twice in his emails that the
plaintiff’s CCTV sub-system was fully compliant with the RFP
specification.[note: 442] I have discussed in great detail earlier (see
[152]–[222] above) why the plaintiff’s CCTV sub-system was not in compliance
with the RFP specifications and the requirements of [XA]. In particular, I
have explained my difficulties with the two emails from [Michael] (see
[192]–[195] above). Further, the evidence clearly shows that modification was
required for the plaintiff’s CCTV sub-system to comply (see [173]–[177]
above). In fact, this was reflected in the two emails from [Saul] to [XA]
dated 8 October 2002, in which he said that the engineering department in
Japan had to “re-study” the issue, and that the engineers did not allow the
plaintiff to proceed in accordance with [XA]’s specifications even after
multiple internal discussions (see [176] above).

274 Accordingly, there is no factual basis for the plaintiff to assert that
the letters dated 4 October 2002, 25 October 2002 and 12 December 2002 are
false. For this reason alone, the plaintiff’s claim for conspiracy to injure
by malicious falsehood must fail.

275 Even if the contents of the letters were false, the plaintiff had not
shown why the first defendant should be liable for the letters written by
[JVC]. The plaintiff argues that the letters could not have been issued
without the approval of the first defendant given that the decision to proceed
with the [PT] order had to be approved by [Paul] pursuant to the [Z]
procurement procedure.[note: 443] The argument is incomplete insofar as it
assumes that the acts and knowledge of [Paul] can be attributed to the first
defendant. I do not think so. Further, even if the acts and knowledge of
[Paul] were attributable to the first defendant, I do not think that the
plaintiff had proved that the letters were issued with the approval of [Paul].
These letters dealt with the cancellation of the plaintiff’s Purchase Order,
and as I have stated earlier (see [250] above), the evidence shows that it was
not necessary to obtain the approval of [Paul] for the cancellation (as
opposed to approval) of a purchase order.[note: 444] It follows that [Paul]’s
approval would not have been necessary for [JVC] to issue the letters as well.
Accordingly, the plaintiff’s claim cannot succeed even if the contents of the
letters are false.

Fourth Claim: Unjust enrichment

276 Apart from the claims addressed above, the plaintiff submits that it has a
claim in unjust enrichment against the first defendant.[note: 445] However,
the plaintiff’s argument is puzzling. In its submissions, the plaintiff
started by setting out the requirements for a claim in unjust enrichment
discussed in the Court of Appeal decision in _Wee Chiaw Sek Anna v Ng Li-Ann
Genevieve (sole executrix of the estate of Ng Hock Seng, deceased) and
another_ [2013] 3 SLR 801 (“ _Wee Anna_ ”).[note: 446] The plaintiff then
proceeds to examine the cases on restitution for wrongs, like _Wrotham Park
Estate Co Ltd v Parkside Homes Ltd and others_ [1974] 1 WLR 798 and _Attorney
General v Blake_ [2001] 1 AC 268, before concluding that the present case “is
a suitable case for awarding _Wrotham Park_ damages” as there was a deliberate
breach of the [Two] Agreements by [BD] upon the instructions of the first
defendant to follow [Z] procurement policies.[note: 447] Further, the
plaintiff had only pleaded that the first defendant had been “unjustly
enriched” at the expense of the plaintiff by reason of the first defendant’s
tortious conduct.[note: 448]

277 In my view, the plaintiff failed to draw the fundamental distinction
between restitution for unjust enrichment and restitution for wrongs. This
distinction is well-recognised in academic writings (see Andrew Burrows, _The
Law of Restitution_ (Oxford University Press: 3rd Ed, 2011) (“ _Burrows_ ”) at
pp 9–10 and Goff & Jones, _The Law of Unjust Enrichment_ (Charles Mitchell,
Paul Mitchell and Stephen Watterson eds) (Sweet & Maxwell, 8th Ed, 2011) (“
_Goff & Jones_”) at p 4).

278 According to _Burrows_ (at pp 9–10):

It has become widely recognised in recent years that there is a fundamental
distinction in the law of restitution between restitution of an unjust
enrichment and restitution for wrongs. ...

The two parts are distinguishable by the cause of action (or event) triggering
the response of restitution. The first and main part is where the cause of
action to which restitution responds is an unjust enrichment of the defendant
at the claimant’s expense. The second part is where the cause of action to
which restitution responds is the commission of a civil wrong by the defendant
against the claimant (such as a breach of contract or tort or breach of
fiduciary duty).

...

Restitution for wrongs has a different focus. The starting point is that the
claimant can establish that the defendant has committed a civil wrong against
it. The essential question at issue is not whether there is a cause of action
but rather the purely remedial question of whether, instead of claiming
compensation for the civil wrong, the claimant is entitled to restitution for
that civil wrong to strip away all, or some, of the wrongdoer’s wrongful
profits. Put another way, the enrichment of the defendant does not go to
establish an element of the cause of action. Rather it is simply of relevance
to a possible remedy that the claimant may be entitled to for the cause of
action constituted by the wrong.

279 A similar view is expressed in _Goff & Jones_ (at p 4):

... A right to restitution is one possible response to the event of unjust
enrichment. When one person is unjustly enriched at the expense of another,
that other may acquire a right to restitution of that enrichment—a right that
that enrichment be returned to him.

... a right to restitution may arise from events other than unjust enrichment.
Most notably, restitution is a possible response to acquisitive wrongs.
Suppose, for example, that a defendant commits the tort of conversion by
selling a claimant’s asset to a third party. His conversion of the assert
gives rise to more than one remedial right. Founding on the tort, the claimant
can claim either compensation of his own loss or restitution of the sale
proceeds that constitute the defendant’s gain. This restitutionary right
arises from the wrong, not from unjust enrichment.

Restitution as a response to wrongdoing is therefore a different topic from
restitution as a response to unjust enrichment. It concerns such questions as
when gain-based remedies should be awarded for breach of contract, tort, and
equitable wrongdoing, whether there is more than one measure of gain-based
relief for the victims of wrongs, and how gain-based remedies for wrongs are
quantified.

280 Such a distinction was also acknowledged by Andrew Ang J in _Chip Hup Hup
Kee Construction Pte Ltd v Yeow Chern Lean_ [2010] 3 SLR 213 at [9].

281 In light of the manner in which the pleadings and submissions were
drafted, it would be impossible to ascertain if the plaintiff had intended to
advance a claim in unjust enrichment or seek restitutionary damages for its
other claims. Be that as it may, it would not be necessary for me to decipher
this since I am of the view that both alternatives would fail. I do not think
that the plaintiff can succeed with a claim in unjust enrichment. There is no
“unjust factor” in this case. The plaintiff refers to _Wee Anna_ at
[132]–[133], where the Court of Appeal reproduced a list of “unjust factors”
catalogued in academic treaties, like _Burrows_ and _Goff & Jones_, but the
plaintiff has not singled out any one of the unjust factors. The alleged
“tortious conduct” of the first defendant (which the plaintiff failed to
prove) does not appear to be one of the unjust factors identified in _Burrows_
or _Goff & Jones_. Accordingly, I find that the plaintiff’s claim in unjust
enrichment must necessarily fail. I also do not see how the plaintiff can ask
for restitutionary damages given that it failed to establish all of its
claims.

Conclusion

282 For the reasons set out above, I dismiss the plaintiff’s claims in their
entirety. The first defendant is entitled to costs, to be taxed if not agreed.

* * *

[note: 1]SOC at para 1; [Saul]’s AEIC at para 4.

[note: 2]SOC at para 9A; [Saul]’s AEIC at para 1.

[note: 3]SOC at para 9A.

[note: 4]SOC at para 2; Defence at para 4; [Saul]’s AEIC at para 5; [Elsa]’s
AEIC at para 5.

[note: 5]SOC at para 3; Defence at para 4; [Saul]’s AEIC at para 6.

[note: 6]NE, 29.5.14, 64/5; 11/22.

[note: 7]SOC at para 4; Defence at para 4C; [Saul]’s AEIC at para 10.

[note: 8]SOC at para 4; [Saul]’s AEIC at para 10.

[note: 9]SOC at para 5B(a); Defence at 5B(b); [Saul]’s AEIC at para 11.

[note: 10]SOC at para 5; Defence at para 5(a); [Saul]’s AEIC at para 11.

[note: 11]SOC at para 11; Defence at para 10; [Saul]’s AEIC at para 35.

[note: 12]SOC at para 11; Defence at para 10; [Saul]’s AEIC at para 35.

[note: 13]SOC at para 13; Defence at para 10; [Saul]’s AEIC at para 37.

[note: 14]SOC at para 15; Defence at para 12; [Saul]’s AEIC at para 39.

[note: 15]SOC at para 14; [Saul]’s AEIC at para 38.

[note: 16]SOC at para 7; Defence at para 7; [Saul]’s AEIC at para 13.

[note: 17]SOC at paras 10 and 14; [Saul]’s AEIC at para 16.

[note: 18]SOC at para 10; [Saul]’s AEIC at para 16.

[note: 19]SOC at para 16; [Saul]’s AEIC at para 40.

[note: 20]SOC at para 17; [Saul]’s AEIC at para 41.

[note: 21]SOC at para 8; Defence at para 8; [Saul]’s AEIC at para 14.

[note: 22]SOC at paras 10 and 17; [Saul]’s AEIC at paras 15–16.

[note: 23]SOC at para 18; [Saul]’s AEIC at para 41.

[note: 24]Defence at para 14.

[note: 25]SOC at para 23; [Saul]’s AEIC at para 44.

[note: 26]SOC at para 23; [Saul]’s AEIC at para 44.

[note: 27]SOC at para 24; Defence at para 17; [Saul]’s AEIC at para 45.

[note: 28]SOC at para 25; Defence at para 17; [Saul]’s AEIC at para 46.

[note: 29]SOC at para 25; Defence at para 17; [Saul]’s AEIC at para 46.

[note: 30]SOC at para 25; Defence at para 17; [Saul]’s AEIC at para 46.

[note: 31]SOC at para 6; Defence at para 6(a); [Saul]’s AEIC at para 12. See
also SOC at para 29; Defence at para 20.

[note: 32][Elsa]’s AEIC at para 5 and p 18; [Saul]’s AEIC at para 12.

[note: 33]SOC at para 38; Defence at para 29(c); [Saul]’s AEIC at para 58.

[note: 34]SOC at para 38; [Saul]’s AEIC at para 58.

[note: 35]SOC at para 41; Defence at 32; [Saul]’s AEIC at para 61.

[note: 36]SOC at paras 34–36; [Saul]’s AEIC at para 54.

[note: 37]SOC at paras 34–38; [Saul]’s AEIC at paras 53–58.

[note: 38]SOC at para 76; Defence at para 60.

[note: 39]2 AB 757; [Saul]’s AEIC at paras 19–23.

[note: 40]NE, 29.05.14, 53/3; [Saul]’s AEIC at paras 28–31.

[note: 41]NE, 29.05.14, 52/21; [Saul]’s AEIC at paras 24–27.

[note: 42]SOC at para 18; [Saul]’s AEIC at para 42.

[note: 43]SOC at para 35; [Saul]’s AEIC at para 55.

[note: 44]Plaintiff’s closing submissions at para 31(d).

[note: 45][Saul]’s AEIC at para 55.

[note: 46]See SOC at para 35.

[note: 47]9 AB 5387.

[note: 48]9 AB 5393.

[note: 49]9 AB 5593.

[note: 50]9 AB 5478.

[note: 51]First defendant’s supplementary bundle of documents, Tab 2.

[note: 52]9 AB 5395.

[note: 53]9 AB 5415.

[note: 54]9 AB 5416.

[note: 55]9 AB 5442.

[note: 56]First defendant’s closing submissions at para 43.

[note: 57]First defendant’s closing submissions at para 43.

[note: 58]Plaintiff’s reply submissions at para 10.

[note: 59]Plaintiff’s reply submissions at para 10.

[note: 60]Plaintiff’s reply submissions at paras 11–12.

[note: 61]SOC at para 77; Plaintiff’s closing submissions at para 25(a).

[note: 62]SOC at para 79; Plaintiff’s closing submissions at para 25(b).

[note: 63]SOC at para 79; Plaintiff’s closing submissions at para 25(c).

[note: 64]SOC at para 82; Plaintiff’s closing submissions at paras 210–221.

[note: 65]SOC at para 17.

[note: 66]SOC at para 18.

[note: 67]SOC at para 18.

[note: 68]SOC at para 18.

[note: 69]SOC at para 28.

[note: 70]SOC at para 29.

[note: 71]SOC at para 29.

[note: 72]SOC at para 31.

[note: 73]SOC at para 32. See also Defence at para 25.

[note: 74]SOC at paras 32 and 27.

[note: 75]SOC at para 32.

[note: 76]SOC at para 33.

[note: 77]SOC at para 33.

[note: 78]SOC at para 34.

[note: 79]SOC at para 34.

[note: 80]SOC at para 36.

[note: 81]SOC at para 37.

[note: 82]SOC at para 37.

[note: 83]SOC at para 38.

[note: 84]SOC at para 40.

[note: 85]SOC at para 35.

[note: 86]SOC at para 19.

[note: 87]SOC at para 44.

[note: 88]SOC at para 44.

[note: 89]SOC at para 46.

[note: 90]SOC at para 46.

[note: 91]SOC at para 46.

[note: 92]SOC at para 47.

[note: 93]SOC at para 47.

[note: 94]SOC at para 48.

[note: 95]SOC at para 49.

[note: 96]Defence at para 27.

[note: 97]Defence at para 27.

[note: 98]Defence at para 27.

[note: 99]Defence at para 29(c).

[note: 100]Defence at para 35.

[note: 101]Defence at para 37(a).

[note: 102]Defence at para 41.

[note: 103]First defendant’s closing submissions at para 45(1).

[note: 104]Plaintiff’s closing submissions at para 81.

[note: 105]Defence at para 14.

[note: 106]Defence at para 27.

[note: 107]First defendant’s closing submissions at para 92.

[note: 108]Plaintiff’s closing submissions at paras 55–63.

[note: 109]2 AB 1126.

[note: 110]2 AB 1125– 1126.

[note: 111]2 AB 1340.

[note: 112]SOC at para 30; Defence at para 21.

[note: 113][P]’s AEIC at para 2.

[note: 114]2 AB 1202.

[note: 115]2 AB 1202.

[note: 116]2 AB 1201.

[note: 117]2 AB 1201.

[note: 118]NE, 27.05.14, 129/15.

[note: 119]NE, 27.05.14, 130/15.

[note: 120]First defendant’s reply submissions at para 17(3).

[note: 121]First defendant’s reply submissions at para 17(3).

[note: 122]First defendant’s reply submissions at para 17(2).

[note: 123]NE, 28.5.14, 105/22; 106/12.

[note: 124]NE, 27.05.14, 53/5.

[note: 125]NE, 27.05.14, 50/20.

[note: 126]NE, 26.5,14, 43/17.

[note: 127]NE, 26.5.14, 44/7.

[note: 128]NE, 26.5.14, 44/7.

[note: 129]NE, 27.5.14, 27/23.

[note: 130]NE, 26.5.14, 44/16.

[note: 131]NE, 26.5.14, 27/22

[note: 132]NE, 26.5.14, 40/2

[note: 133]See, _eg_ , NE, 26.5.14, 44/16; 45/13.

[note: 134]NE, 26.5.14, 89/10.

[note: 135]NE, 26.5.14, 90/3–90/5

[note: 136]Plaintiff’s closing submissions at paras 37–39.

[note: 137]NE, 27.05.14, 52/2.

[note: 138]NE, 27.05.14, 85/5.

[note: 139]NE, 27.05.14, 86/2.

[note: 140]Plaintiff’s closing submissions at para 41.

[note: 141]NE, 27.05.14, 128/23.

[note: 142][Saul]’s AEIC at para 69; NE, 29.05.14, 84/6.

[note: 143]Plaintiff’s closing submissions at para 43.

[note: 144]Plaintiff’s closing submissions at paras 43–44.

[note: 145]Exhibit P1 at para 3c.

[note: 146]Plaintiff’s closing submissions at para 46.

[note: 147]NE, 28.05.14, 26/25.

[note: 148]NE, 28.05.14, 21/11; 23/2.

[note: 149]First defendant’s reply submissions at para 10(1).

[note: 150]First defendant’s reply submissions at para 12.

[note: 151]First defendant’s closing submissions at para 62; first defendant’s
reply submissions at para 10(2).

[note: 152]NE, 27.5.14, 47/25.

[note: 153]NE, 27.5.14, 48/2.

[note: 154]NE, 27.5.14, 53/16.

[note: 155]NE, 28.5.14, 37/6.

[note: 156]NE, 27.5.14, 49/18; 50/5.

[note: 157]NE, 27.5.14, 52/2.

[note: 158]NE, 27.5.14, 52/2.

[note: 159]NE, 27.5.14, 52/2

[note: 160]NE, 27.5.14, 53/14

[note: 161]NE, 28.5.14, 10/2.

[note: 162]NE, 28.5.14, 105/1

[note: 163]NE, 28.5.14, 105/22.

[note: 164]NE, 28.5.14, 105/12.

[note: 165]NE, 28.05.14, 21/11; 23/2.

[note: 166]Plaintiff’s closing submissions at para 49; [Saul]’s AEIC at 56.

[note: 167]Plaintiff’s closing submissions at para 50; NE, 26.05.14, 52/6.

[note: 168]Plaintiff’s closing submissions at para 50.

[note: 169]Plaintiff’s closing submissions at paras 34–39, 80.

[note: 170]Plaintiff’s closing submissions at para 64.

[note: 171]Plaintiff’s closing submissions at para 80.

[note: 172]First defendant’s reply submissions at para 8.

[note: 173]First defendant’s reply submissions at para 8.

[note: 174]SOC at para 38; Defence at para 29(c).

[note: 175][P]’s AEIC at para 9.

[note: 176]Plaintiff’s closing submissions at para 64; NE, 28.05.14, 30/15.

[note: 177]NE, 28.5.14, 10/2.

[note: 178]NE, 28.05.14, 31/5.

[note: 179]1.1 DCB 101 and 103.

[note: 180]First defendant’s closing submissions at paras 68–70.

[note: 181]First defendant’s closing submissions at para 71.

[note: 182]First defendant’s closing submissions at para 71, citing [Saul]’s
AEIC at para 73.

[note: 183]SOC at para 35.

[note: 184][Saul]’s AEIC at [69].

[note: 185][Saul]’s AEIC at para 70; 1.1 DCB 96–97.

[note: 186][Saul]’s AEIC at para 70; NE, 26.05.14, 69/14.

[note: 187]First defendant’s closing submissions at para 80.

[note: 188]First defendant’s closing submissions at paras 82–87.

[note: 189]First defendant’s closing submissions at para 84.

[note: 190]First defendant’s closing submissions at para 84.

[note: 191]1.1 DCB 126.

[note: 192]1.1 DCB 125.

[note: 193]First defendant’s closing submissions at para 86.

[note: 194]1.1 DCB 127

[note: 195]1.1 DCB 127.

[note: 196]1.1 DCB 128.

[note: 197]1.1 DCB 128.

[note: 198]First defendant’s closing submissions at para 87.

[note: 199]Plaintiff’s reply submissions at para 48; NE, 28.05.14, 49/16.

[note: 200]Plaintiff’s reply submissions at para 48; NE, 26.06.14, 82/8.

[note: 201]Plaintiff’s reply submissions at para 49.

[note: 202]Plaintiff’s reply submissions at para 51.

[note: 203]Plaintiff’s reply submissions at para 51.

[note: 204]Plaintiff’s reply submissions at para 54.

[note: 205]NE, 26.05.14, 84/20.

[note: 206]1.1 DCB 128.

[note: 207]First defendant’s closing submissions at paras 88–91.

[note: 208]NE, 26.05.14, 133/2.

[note: 209]NE, 26.05.14, 133/2

[note: 210]First defendant’s closing submissions at paras 89–90.

[note: 211]See, _eg_ , NE, 26.05.14, 132/17.

[note: 212]1.1 DCB 40.

[note: 213]9 AB 5598-8; First defendant’s supplementary bundle of documents
(“1DSBOD”) Tab 1, para 36; 9 AB 5485–5486.

[note: 214]9 AB 5598-8.

[note: 215]9 AB 5350.

[note: 216]First defendant’s closing submissions at para 102.

[note: 217]First defendant’s closing submissions at para 102.

[note: 218]9 AB 5486.

[note: 219]First defendant’s closing submissions at para 104.

[note: 220]9 AB 5389.

[note: 221]9 AB 5389.

[note: 222]9 AB 5389.

[note: 223]SOC at para 77.

[note: 224]NE, 26.05.14, 60/13.

[note: 225]NE, 26.05.14, 60/18; 63/1; 63/15.

[note: 226]9 AB 5405–5406.

[note: 227]First defendant’s closing submissions at para 110.

[note: 228]Plaintiff’s closing submissions at para 67.

[note: 229]NE, 26.05.14, 60/13; 63/11.

[note: 230]Plaintiff’s reply submissions at para 66; NE, 26.05.14, 28/6;
59/20.

[note: 231]Plaintiff’s reply submissions at para 72.

[note: 232]Plaintiff’s reply submissions at paras 71–73.

[note: 233]NE, 26.5.14,38/24.

[note: 234]NE, 26.5.14, 41/4.

[note: 235]NE, 26.5.14, 41/16.

[note: 236]NE, 26.05.14, 41/20.

[note: 237]NE, 26.05.14, 28/6; 59/20.

[note: 238]First defendant’s closing submissions at para 47; SOC at para 18.

[note: 239]First defendant’s closing submissions at para 47; SOC at para 32.

[note: 240]First defendant’s closing submissions at para 49.

[note: 241]NE, 26.05.14, 43/17.

[note: 242]NE, 27.05.14, 27/23.

[note: 243][Saul]’s AEIC at para 15; NE, 26.05.14, 31/12; 40/2.

[note: 244]First defendant’s closing submissions at para 51.

[note: 245]First defendant’s closing submissions at para 51.

[note: 246]Plaintiff’s closing submissions at paras 77–78.

[note: 247]Plaintiff’s closing submissions at para 79.

[note: 248]Plaintiff’s closing submissions at para 79.

[note: 249]NE, 26.05.14, 44/3; 45/17.

[note: 250]NE, 27.5.14, 27/24.

[note: 251]First defendant’s closing submissions at para 63.

[note: 252]First defendant’s closing submissions at paras 64–65.

[note: 253]NE, 26.05.14, 24/4.

[note: 254]NE, 26.05.14, 24/24.

[note: 255]NE, 26.05.14, 41/4.

[note: 256]NE, 26.05.14, 41/16.

[note: 257]NE, 26.05.14, 41/24.

[note: 258]NE, 27.05.14, 51/20.

[note: 259]SOC at para 48.

[note: 260]SOC at para 48.

[note: 261]SOC at para 50.

[note: 262]SOC at para 50.

[note: 263]SOC at para 50.

[note: 264]SOC at para 51.

[note: 265]SOC at para 51.

[note: 266]SOC at para 51.

[note: 267]SOC at para 51.

[note: 268]SOC at para 53.

[note: 269]SOC at para 54.

[note: 270]SOC at para 55

[note: 271]SOC at para 58.

[note: 272]SOC at para 58.

[note: 273]SOC at para 64.

[note: 274]SOC at para 64.

[note: 275]SOC at para 64A.

[note: 276]SOC at para 65

[note: 277]SOC at para 65.

[note: 278]SOC at para 68.

[note: 279]SOC at para 68.

[note: 280]SOC at para 69.

[note: 281]SOC at para 70.

[note: 282]SOC at para 70.

[note: 283]SOC at para 71.

[note: 284]SOC at para 71.

[note: 285]SOC at para 71.

[note: 286]SOC at para 72.

[note: 287]SOC at para 73.

[note: 288]SOC at para 73.

[note: 289]SOC at para 75.

[note: 290]Defence at para 40.

[note: 291]Defence at para 41.

[note: 292]Defence at para 43.

[note: 293]Defence at para 45.

[note: 294]Defence at para 45.

[note: 295]Defence at para 52.

[note: 296]Defence at para 52.

[note: 297]Defence at para 55.

[note: 298]Defence at para 57.

[note: 299]Defence at para 57.

[note: 300]Defence at para 60.

[note: 301]Plaintiff’s reply submissions at para 85.

[note: 302]Plaintiff’s reply submissions at para 77.

[note: 303]NE, 27.05.14, 24/23.

[note: 304]NE, 27.05.14, 25/3.

[note: 305]NE, 26.05.14, 117/5.

[note: 306]NE, 27.05.14, 39/23.

[note: 307]NE, 26.05.14, 129/24.

[note: 308]1.1 DCB 195–197.

[note: 309]NE, 26.05.14, 103/12.

[note: 310]NE, 27.05.14, 35/23.

[note: 311]1.1 DCB 195–197; NE, 26.05.14, 101/14.

[note: 312]1.1 DCB 199.

[note: 313]Plaintiff’s reply submissions at para 92.

[note: 314]Plaintiff’s reply submissions at para 91.

[note: 315]NE, 26.05.14, 94/22.

[note: 316]NE, 27.05.14, 28/23.

[note: 317]1.1 DCB 131–134; NE, 26.05.14, 89/10.

[note: 318][Saul]’s AEIC at DE-1, p 216.

[note: 319]1.1 DCB 144–145, NE, 26.05.14, 98/6.

[note: 320]SOC at para 55.

[note: 321][Saul]’s AEIC at DE-1, p 243.

[note: 322]1.1 DCB 185; NE, 26.05.14, 102/15.

[note: 323]1.1 DCB 189; NE, 26.05.14, 117/12.

[note: 324]1.1 DCB 188; NE, 26.05.14, 116/4.

[note: 325]1.1 DCB 195–197; NE, 26.05.14, 101/14.

[note: 326]1.1 DCB 198–200; NE, 26.05.14, 121/19.

[note: 327]1.1 DCB 141; NE, 26.05.14, 126/13.

[note: 328]1.1 DCB 211; NE, 26.05.14, 128/5.

[note: 329][Saul]’s AEIC at para 117.

[note: 330]1.1 DCB 214.

[note: 331][Saul]’s AEIC at para 117; NE, 27.05.14, 27/17.

[note: 332]3 AB 2096.

[note: 333]28.05.14, 86/4.

[note: 334]3 AB 2125.

[note: 335]3 AB 2168.

[note: 336]1.1 DCB 189.

[note: 337]1.1 DCB 189.

[note: 338]NE, 27.5.14, 28

[note: 339]NE, 26.05.14, 91/4.

[note: 340]NE, 26.05.14, 90/16; 100/15; 119/12.

[note: 341]3 AB 1617.

[note: 342]3 AB 1624.

[note: 343]Plaintiff’s closing submissions at para 151; NE, 28.05.14, 49/11.

[note: 344]NE, 28.05.14, 38/25.

[note: 345]NE, 28.05.14, 48/13.

[note: 346]NE, 28.05.14, 49/16.

[note: 347]NE, 26.05.14, 130/1; 92/1.

[note: 348]NE, 26.05.14, 91/22.

[note: 349][Saul]’s AEIC at para 86.

[note: 350]NE, 26.05.14, 101/7.

[note: 351]NE, 27.05.14, 29/1.

[note: 352]NE, 27.05.14, 36/7.

[note: 353]3 AB 1568; [Saul]’s AEIC at para 89.

[note: 354][Saul]’s AEIC at para 91.

[note: 355][Saul]’s AEIC at para 90; 3 AB 1580.

[note: 356][Saul]’s AEIC at para 91.

[note: 357]1.1 DCB 152; NE, 26.05.14, 114/10.

[note: 358]1.1 DCB 239; 1.2 DCB 241, 268.

[note: 359]3 AB 1597.

[note: 360]3 AB 1666.

[note: 361]3 AB 1666.

[note: 362]3 AB 1698.

[note: 363]NE, 28.05.14, 59/9.

[note: 364]3 AB 1739.

[note: 365]NE, 28.05.14, 63/7.

[note: 366]3 AB 1739.

[note: 367]NE, 26.05.14, 103/12.

[note: 368]NE, 26.05.14, 124/25; NE, 27.05.14, 33/8.

[note: 369]1.1 DCB 189.

[note: 370]1.1 DCB 189.

[note: 371]3 AB 1617.

[note: 372]Plaintiff’s reply submissions at para 85; Plaintiff’s closing
submissions at paras 141–182.

[note: 373]1.1 DCB 231.

[note: 374]1.1 DCB 236; NE, 26.05.14, 128/22.

[note: 375]NE, 28.05.14, 104/4.

[note: 376]Plaintiff’s reply submissions at para 85; Plaintiff’s closing
submissions at para 141.

[note: 377]Plaintiff’s reply submissions at para 85; Plaintiff’s closing
submissions at para 167.

[note: 378]3 AB 1841.

[note: 379]3 AB 1900.

[note: 380]3 AB 1822.

[note: 381]Plaintiff’s reply submissions at para 85; Plaintiff’s closing
submissions at para 171.

[note: 382]Plaintiff’s reply submissions at para 85; Plaintiff’s closing
submissions at para 175.

[note: 383]3 AB 2153.

[note: 384]Plaintiff’s closing submissions at paras 91–92.

[note: 385]SOC at para 77(a).

[note: 386]SOC at para 77(a).

[note: 387]SOC at para 77(d).

[note: 388]SOC at para 77(b).

[note: 389]SOC at para 77(e).

[note: 390]SOC at para 77(g).

[note: 391]SOC at para 77(cc).

[note: 392]SOC at para 77(dd).

[note: 393]SOC at paras 77(ff) and (hh).

[note: 394]SOC at para 77(ii).

[note: 395]Defence at paras 64 and 65.

[note: 396]Defence at paras 64 and 65.

[note: 397]Defence at paras 64 and 65.

[note: 398]Plaintiff’s reply submissions at para 149.

[note: 399]Plaintiff’s reply submissions at para 149.

[note: 400]Plaintiff’s closing submissions at para 92.

[note: 401]Plaintiff’s reply submissions at para 136.

[note: 402]First defendant’s closing submissions at paras 165–205.

[note: 403]Plaintiff’s reply submissions at para 140.

[note: 404]Plaintiff’s closing submissions at para 92.

[note: 405][Elsa]’s AEIC at p 43; NE, 29.5.14, 56/10.

[note: 406]Plaintiff’s reply submissions at para 136.

[note: 407]Plaintiff’s reply submissions at paras 150–151.

[note: 408]Plaintiff’s reply submissions at paras 136–148.

[note: 409]NE, 29.05.14, 40/24.

[note: 410]2 AB 757.

[note: 411][Elsa]’s AEIC at para 12.

[note: 412][Saul]’s AEIC at pp 384–386; NE, 29.05.14, 61/9.

[note: 413]Plaintiff’s closing submissions at para 188

[note: 414]Plaintiff’s closing submissions at para 189; SOC at para 77(hh).

[note: 415]Plaintiff’s closing submissions at paras 187–188.

[note: 416]2 AB 1294.

[note: 417]2 AB 1201.

[note: 418]SOC at para 77(ii).

[note: 419]Plaintiff’s closing submissions at para 185.

[note: 420]First defendant’s closing submissions at paras 207–209.

[note: 421]First defendant’s closing submissions at paras 210–214.

[note: 422]Plaintiff’s closing submissions at para 188.

[note: 423]NE, 29.05.14, 98/18.

[note: 424]1.2 DCB 250.

[note: 425]NE, 29.05.14, 98/18.

[note: 426]Plaintiff’s reply submissions at para 158.

[note: 427]Plaintiff’s reply submissions at para 159.

[note: 428]Plaintiff’s reply submissions at para 158; NE, 28.05.14, 81/3.

[note: 429]Plaintiff’s reply submissions at para 160.

[note: 430]SOC at para 77(ii).

[note: 431]Plaintiff’s closing submissions at paras 184–190; Plaintiff’s reply
submissions at paras 133–160.

[note: 432]SOC at para 79(c)(i).

[note: 433]SOC at para 79(c)(iv).

[note: 434]Plaintiff’s closing submissions at para 197.

[note: 435]Plaintiff’s closing submissions at para 198; NE, 29.05.14, 90/23.

[note: 436]NE, 29.05.14, 91/6; 92/9.

[note: 437]3 AB 1698.

[note: 438]3 AB 2076.

[note: 439]3 AB 2153.

[note: 440]Plaintiff’s closing submissions at para 206.

[note: 441]3 AB 1568; [Saul]’s AEIC at para 89.

[note: 442]Plaintiff’s closing submissions at para 208.

[note: 443]Plaintiff’s closing submissions at para 209.

[note: 444]NE, 29.05.14, 98/18.

[note: 445]Plaintiff’s opening statement at para 25; Plaintiff’s closing
submissions at paras 210–212.

[note: 446]Plaintiff’s closing submissions at paras 210–212.

[note: 447]Plaintiff’s closing submissions at para 221.

[note: 448]SOC at para 82.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 08 Apr 2015 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

