Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Libra Building Construction Pte Ltd _v_ Emergent Engineering Pte Ltd  
[2015] SGHC 279

Case Number| :| Originating Summons No 311 of 2015  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 27 October 2015  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Kannan Ramesh JC  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Lee Hwai Bin, Melanie Chew Yang Nah and Tay Bing Wei
(WongPartnership LLP) for the plaintiff; Namazie Mohamed Javad En and Tan Teng
Muan (Mallal & Namazie) for the defendant.  
Parties| :|  Libra Building Construction Pte Ltd — Emergent Engineering Pte
Ltd  
  
27 October 2015|  
---|---  
  
Kannan Ramesh JC:

Introduction

1 The Building and Construction Industry Security of Payment Act (Cap 30B,
2006 Rev Ed) (“the Act”) was enacted to solve a common problem in the
construction industry of contractors going unpaid for work done or materials
supplied. “A fast and low cost adjudication system to resolve payment
disputes” (_Singapore Parliamentary Debates, Official Report_ (16 November
2004) vol 78 at col 1113) was introduced to facilitate efficient recovery of
payments, thereby enhancing cash flow which was once described as the
lifeblood of the construction industry (see _W Y Steel Construction Pte Ltd v
Osko Pte Ltd_ [2013] 3 SLR 380 at [18]). It is therefore somewhat ironic that
the Act has been bedevilled by litigation which has sought to open up
fissures, fault-lines and crevices in its edifice. At first blush, the issues
canvassed would appear uncontroversial, settled by the language of the Act.
But closer examination leads to a different conclusion. The present
application is an apt illustration. It cannot be gainsaid that the
proliferation of such litigation is the very antithesis of the _raison d’etre_
of the Act – speedy and cost-efficient recovery of progress payments. The time
is perhaps ripe to re-assess the Act, iron out its wrinkles and creases, so
that its language and purpose achieve better alignment.

2 Section 10(1) of the Act states that “[a] claimant may serve one payment
claim in respect of a progress payment”. The default position under the Act,
pursuant to s 10(2)(_b_) of the Act read with reg 5(1) of the Building and
Construction Industry Security of Payment Regulations (Cap 30B, Rg 1, 2006 Rev
Ed) (”the Regulations”), is that a claimant may serve a payment claim on the
respondent at a _maximum_ frequency of once a month, although there is nothing
in the Act or the Regulations to stop the claimant from serving its claims
less regularly. For the avoidance of doubt, I shall use the phrase “payment
claim period” to describe the period that the claimant is permitted under the
contract or reg 5(1) (where the contract is silent) to serve a payment claim
in respect of a progress payment. It is important to note that this concept of
a payment claim period is distinct from the period of work covered by a
payment claim, which I will refer to as the “reference period”. It is
perfectly possible that the payment claim period and the reference period for
any progress payment will not coincide. It is also important to note that the
entitlement to progress payment is conceptually different from the payment
claim period. The entitlement may accrue on such date or event as the parties
may contractually prescribe. It is not uncommon for progress payments to
accrue monthly.

3 It was in this context that I had to decide whether s 10(1) of the Act, read
with the other relevant provisions of the Act and the Regulations, means that
a claimant is only allowed to serve one payment claim in a payment claim
period or whether it means one payment claim _per reference period_ in a
payment claim period. Casting the question in another way: does the Act permit
a claimant to serve in the same payment claim period multiple payment claims,
each for different reference periods? Answering the question affirmatively
would have an important implication – it would allow a claimant to “bank” and
thereafter serve in the same payment claim period payment claims for different
reference periods.

4 This is the central question in the present application, an application by
the Plaintiff to set aside an adjudication determination dated 16 February
2015 (“the Determination”) in favour of the Defendant. The central question
was also in the cross-hairs of the dispute before the Adjudicator. The
Adjudicator answered the question in the affirmative. I disagreed and set
aside the Determination with costs to the Plaintiff on 20 July 2015. My view
was founded on a construction of the terms of the contract between the
parties, as well as the provisions of the Act and the Regulations. I should
add that, after vigorously defending the Adjudicator’s conclusion on the
central question, counsel for the Defendant conceded the point when parties
appeared before me for further arguments on 20 August 2015.

5 Other issues were also canvassed before me. I shall address those issues in
this judgment as well. Unless otherwise indicated, references to sections,
regulations and clauses in this judgment shall be references to sections in
the Act, regulations in the Regulations and clauses in the contract between
the parties, respectively.

Background facts

6 It is helpful to recount the material background facts as they are important
to understanding how the central question arose. By a contract contained in a
Letter of Acceptance dated 4 September 2014 (“the Contract”), the Defendant
was awarded the sub-contract for the supply of labour, materials, plant and
equipment for the civil and structural works, and wet trade finishes for a
project at Singapore Polytechnic (“the Project”). The contract sum was
$385,030.

7 Unfortunately the relationship between the Plaintiff and the Defendant
simmered with antagonism from the outset, rapidly becoming fractious and
unhealthy. Allegations of poor workmanship and delays festered open and deep
wounds of discontent. The acrimony culminated in the Plaintiff alleging that
the Defendant had repudiated the Contract by abandoning the Project on or
about 30 December 2014. Unsurprisingly, the Defendant challenged the
allegation with force.

8 Three payment claims issued by the Defendant were at the heart of the
present application – Payment Claim 3 dated 5 December 2014 (“PC3”), Payment
Claim 3 (revised) dated 26 December 2014 (“PC3R”), and Payment Claim 4 dated
31 December 2014 (“PC4”). It was common ground that PC3R was issued to replace
PC3. This was done at the behest of the Plaintiff who had insisted on
compliance with a certain format for payment claims. PC3 and PC3R were for
work done up to end November 2014, and PC4 was for work done up to end
December 2014. They therefore covered different reference periods.
Adjudication Application No SOP AA029 of 2015 (“the Application”) was
eventually presented on PC4 for reasons which will become evident as we
navigate the facts further.

9 The circumstances surrounding the issuance of PC4 were a matter of
significant controversy. They form the pith and marrow of the Defendant’s
further arguments. I will come to those arguments later. Returning to the
facts, in substance, the Defendant alleged that the practice between the
parties was for payment claims to be issued on any day in the month following
completion of the work. This was evidenced by Payment Claim 1 dated 7 October
2014 for work in September 2014, Payment Claim 2 dated 7 November 2014 for
work in October 2014, and PC3 for work in November 2014. However, in December
2014, following the issuance of PC3R, the Plaintiff’s new general manager
allegedly notified the Defendant’s general manager Mr Yeow Ngui Siong (“Mr
Yeow”) that the Contract required all payment claims to be served _not by but
on_ the 30th of the month.

10 Mr Yeow alleged that he understood the Plaintiff’s general manager as
saying that PC3R was invalid because it had been submitted on 26 December 2014
instead of 30 December 2014. This prompted the Defendant to issue PC4 on 30
December 2014. Two points must be made here. First, the Defendant did not
withdraw PC3R when it issued PC4. In fact, the Defendant’s unequivocal
position before the Adjudicator and me was that PC3R was valid and remained in
force at all times. This failure, as I will explain later, proved to be the
Defendant’s undoing on the central question. Secondly, PC4 covered a different
reference period from PC3R – it was for work up to December 2014 whilst the
latter, as mentioned earlier, was for work up to November 2014. This was the
bedrock of the Adjudicator’s conclusion that PC3R and PC4 were both valid
payment claims.

11 The Plaintiff denied the circumstances surrounding the issuance of PC4 as
painted by the Defendant. In the main, it was unnecessary for me to decide the
controversy as the turning point in my view was the Defendant’s failure to
withdraw PC3R when issuing PC4. The subsequent events were, however, relevant
to the Defendant’s further arguments – the Defendant raised the issue of
approbation and reprobation there. I will now sketch the subsequent events.

12 On 6 January 2015, the Plaintiff issued Payment Response 3 to PC3R. The
Plaintiff asserted therein that PC3R was invalid and/or served out of time.
However, the Plaintiff did not stop there. The Plaintiff went on to deal
substantively with the merits of the claim in PC3R. On 9 January 2015, the
Defendant addressed Payment Response 3 in what appears to be a response under
s 12(4)(_a_). There was also a general denial that PC3R was invalid. Payment
Response 3 was replaced by Payment Response 3R on 13 January 2015, in which
the Plaintiff re-emphasised the invalidity of PC3R.

13 On 9 January 2015, by way of a letter of the same date, the Plaintiff
responded to PC4 (“the 9 January letter”). No effort was made in the 9 January
letter to address the merits of the claim, unlike Payment Response 3. Instead,
a jurisdictional challenge was mounted on the basis that the Contract did not
permit the Defendant to serve two or more payment claims in the same payment
claim period. PC4 was therefore alleged to be invalid as it was served second
in time to PC3R in the same payment claim period, _ie_ , the payment claim
period for the December 2014 progress payment.

14 Accordingly, as at 13 January 2015, the Defendant was faced with a
challenge to the validity of both PC3R and PC4, albeit on different grounds.
The Defendant resolved, or so it thought, the problem by electing to rely on
PC4. On 16 January 2015, the Defendant wrote to the Plaintiff to assert that:
(a) PC4 was served on 30 December 2014 because of the alleged representation
by the Plaintiff’s general manager to Mr Yeow (see _supra_ at [9]); and, (b)
the Defendant would therefore be proceeding with an adjudication application
on PC4. On 16 January 2015, the Defendant issued notice under s 13(2) of its
intention to apply for adjudication on PC4. By a letter dated 20 January 2015,
the Plaintiff replied challenging the validity of PC4 on the basis that PC3R
had not been withdrawn. Notwithstanding this, on 23 January 2015, the
Defendant proceeded to present the Application on PC4.

Issues before the Court

15 The issues before me in the first round of hearings mirrored part of the
issues before the Adjudicator. They were as follows:

(a) Was PC4 valid notwithstanding that it was served second in time to PC3R in
the same payment claim period, because it covered a different reference period
from PC3R (“Issue 1”)?

(b) Was the Determination null and void because the Defendant failed to annex
to the Application an exact copy of PC4 (“Issue 2”)?

16 On 20 July 2015, I ruled in favour of the Plaintiff on Issue 1 and against
the Plaintiff on Issue 2. As Issue 1 went to jurisdiction, I set aside the
Determination. On 24 July 2015, the Defendant requested further arguments on a
ground that had not been previously advanced before me or the Adjudicator –
that the Plaintiff could not rely on PC3R to invalidate PC4. As the argument
went, doing so would allow the Plaintiff to approbate and reprobate on the
validity of PC3R. Such conduct had allegedly caused the Defendant to lose the
opportunity to file an adjudication application on PC3R. This argument (which
I shall refer to as “Issue 3”) raised two sub-issues:

(a) First, could the doctrine of approbation and reprobation confer
jurisdiction on the Adjudicator under the Act when but for the same,
jurisdiction did not exist (“Issue 3(a)”)?

(b) Secondly, was there approbation and reprobation on the facts (“Issue
3(b)”)?

17 After hearing parties, I dismissed the further arguments on 20 August 2015.

The Plaintiff’s submissions

18 The Plaintiff’s submission on Issue 1 tracked the jurisdictional challenge
to PC4 in the 9 January letter. The submission rested on the following planks:

(a) Clause 21(a) provided for monthly progress payments.

(b) Section 10(1) permitted service of only one payment claim in respect of a
progress payment, as did the Contract.

(c) Section 10(1) did not permit multiple payment claims to be served in the
same payment claim period even if they covered different reference periods.

(d) PC4 was null and void as it was issued after PC3R in the same payment
claim period.

(e) The Adjudicator had no jurisdiction to hear the Application as it was
presented on an invalid payment claim, PC4.

(f) Consequently, the Determination ought to be set aside.

19 As to Issue 2, the Plaintiff’s argument was straightforward – the payment
claim that accompanied an adjudication application ought to be an exact copy,
as opposed to simply a copy, of the payment claim that was served in respect
of a progress payment. In the present case, an exact copy had not been annexed
to the Application for three reasons, which I will address in this judgment
(_infra_ at [88]-[105]). Accordingly, the Defendant had breached s 13(3)(_c_)
read with reg 7(2)(_e_). The Adjudicator was therefore duty bound to reject
the Application under s 16(2)(_a_) as it was not in accordance with s
13(3)(_c_).

20 As to Issue 3, the Plaintiff’s submission rested entirely on the argument
that its conduct could not lead to the conclusion that it had approbated or
reprobated on the validity of PC3R.

The Defendant’s submissions

21 As against this, in relation to Issue 1, the Defendant contended that:

(a) Clause 21(_a_) permitted service of multiple payment claims in the same
payment claim period.

(b) Alternatively, s 10(1) and the framework of the Act permitted service of
multiple payment claims for different reference periods in the same payment
claim period.

(c) As PC4 and PC3R covered different reference periods, the former was a
valid payment claim under s 10(1) and cl 21(_a_) notwithstanding it was served
in the same payment claim period.

(d) Accordingly, the Adjudicator had jurisdiction to hear the Application.

22 As to Issue 2, the arguments were two-fold:

(a) There was no requirement under the Act for the payment claim that
accompanies an adjudication application to be an exact copy of the payment
claim which had been served.

(b) The payment claim that accompanied the Application was in substance the
same as PC4.

23 As to Issue 3, in essence, the submission was as follows:

(a) The alleged representation by the Plaintiff’s general manager to Mr Yeow
in December 2014 (_supra_ at [9]) caused the Defendant to issue PC4.

(b) The Plaintiff’s subsequent challenge to the validity of PC3R was a
representation that the Plaintiff accepted its invalidity.

(c) This induced the Defendant into believing that PC3R would not be relied on
to invalidate PC4.

(d) The Defendant consequently elected to present the Application on PC4.

(e) By thereafter using PC3R to invalidate PC4, the Plaintiff was approbating
and reprobating on the validity of the former.

(f) The Plaintiff’s conduct was motivated by bad faith and designed to ensure
that the Defendant lost the opportunity of presenting an application on PC3R.

Issue 1: Was PC4 invalid by reason of PC3R?

The statutory framework under the Act

24 It is apposite to set out first the statutory regime governing the service
of payment claims. The starting point must be s 10, which provides as follows:

**Payment claims**

10.—(1) A claimant may serve one payment claim in respect of a progress
payment on —

(_a_) one or more other persons who, under the contract concerned, is or may
be liable to make the payment; or

(_b_) such other person as specified in or identified in accordance with the
terms of the contract for this purpose.

(2) A payment claim shall be served —

(_a_) at such time as specified in or determined in accordance with the terms
of the contract; or

(_b_) where the contract does not contain such provision, at such time as may
be prescribed.

(3) A payment claim —

(_a_) shall state the claimed amount, calculated by reference to the period to
which the payment claim relates; and

(_b_) shall be made in such form and manner, and contain such other
information or be accompanied by such documents, as may be prescribed.

(4) Nothing in subsection (1) shall prevent the claimant from including, in a
payment claim in which a respondent is named, an amount that was the subject
of a previous payment claim served in relation to the same contract which has
not been paid by the respondent if, and only if, the first-mentioned payment
claim is served within 6 years after the construction work to which the amount
in the second-mentioned payment claim relates was last carried out, or the
goods or services to which the amount in the second-mentioned payment claim
relates were last supplied, as the case may be.

25 Where there is a lacuna in the agreement between the parties on the timing
and frequency of service of a payment claim in respect of a progress payment,
s 10(2)(_b_) points to the default setting in reg 5(1). Regulation 5(1)
provides as follows:

**Payment claims**

5.—(1) Where a contract does not contain any provision specifying the time at
which a payment claim shall be served or by which such time may be determined,
then a payment claim made under the contract shall be served by the last day
of each month following the month in which the contract is made.

26 Section 10 and reg 5(1) were considered by the Court of Appeal in _Lee Wee
Lick Terence (alias Li Weili Terence) v Chua Say Eng (formerly trading as Weng
Fatt Construction Engineering) and another appeal_ [2013] 1 SLR 401 (“ _Chua
Say Eng_ ”). The Court of Appeal held (at [89]) that ss 10(1) and (2), and reg
5(1) did not compel the claimant to serve payment claims on a monthly basis
for work done in the preceding month. The claimant could decide not to serve
payment claims at monthly intervals. The Court of Appeal also held that the
cumulative effect of s 10(1) read with reg 5(1) was to restrict the claimant
to a maximum of one payment claim a month in respect of a progress payment (at
[90]). However, the seed of doubt that the Defendant planted and which
resonated with the Adjudicator was whether the Court of Appeal had closed the
door to service of multiple payment claims _for different reference periods_
in the same payment claim period. Framing the question in another way, what
did the Court of Appeal mean when it said the claimant was limited, under s
10(1) read with reg 5(1), to one payment claim in respect of a progress
payment in a month? Did the Court of Appeal mean one payment claim _a month_ ,
or one payment claim for _a reference period_ a month, in respect of a monthly
progress payment? This is the question at the core of the investigation on
Issue 1\. It should be noted that the payment claim under consideration in
_Chua Say Eng_ was monthly as prescribed in reg 5(1).

27 If the latter is the correct interpretation, s 10(1) ought to be read as
one payment claim _for a reference period_ in the same payment claim period.
This interpretation would not invalidate PC4 as it covered a different
reference period from PC3R.

28 The impact of accepting this interpretation could have significant
ramifications for a respondent facing payment claims. It could open the door
to service of multiple payment claims for different reference periods in the
same payment claim period. A claimant could “bank” multiple payment claims for
different reference periods and serve them all, within a short span of time or
at the same time, in the same payment claim period. If this were to happen,
the respondent could be left scrambling to timeously file complete and
comprehensive payment responses to the deluge of payment claims. The starkness
of the problem becomes more apparent when one bears in mind that in reality,
more often than not, progress payments and therefore payment claims are
monthly either because of the terms of the contract or reg 5(1). A deluge of
payment claims in a month could severely debilitate the respondent. Indeed, as
noted earlier (_supra_ at [26]), the remarks of the Court of Appeal in _Chua
Say Eng_ were made in the context of monthly payment claims under reg 5(1). A
respondent faced with multiple payment claims in a month would run the serious
risk of slipping up on its payment responses – by not filing one, filing one
late or being less than comprehensive in the payment response that is filed.
This could be disastrous given the importance given to the payment response by
the Act. A claimant could actually game the purpose of the Act, and in that
process the respondent, by “banking” its payment claims.

29 I found these considerations to militate against reading s 10(1) as
permitting service of multiple payment claims for different reference periods
in the same payment claim period. As a result, I disagreed with the
Adjudicator. Before I canvass my reasons, it would be germane to set out the
analysis of the Adjudicator.

The Adjudicator’s Analysis on Issue 1

30 In summary, the Adjudicator’s analysis was as follows:

(a) _The Act conferred a right to “progress payment” based on an event or a
date covering a period of work, ie, the reference period._

(b) _Therefore, a payment claim was served with regard to a reference period._

(c) _While Chua Say Eng decided that there could be only one payment claim
served in respect of a progress payment, it did not decide that there could
not be more than one payment claim for different reference periods in the same
payment claim period (a month, in that case)._

(d) _What was prohibited was not service of multiple payment claims in respect
of a payment claim period per se but service of multiple payment claims for
the same reference period in a payment claim period._

(e) _To allow multiple payment claims for the same reference period would
cause prejudice and confusion as regards the service of payment responses –
the respondent would be confused as to which payment claim he had to address._

(f) _However, such confusion and prejudice would not exist where the payment
claims were for different reference periods._

(g) _Section 13(5) of the New South Wales Building and Construction Industry
Security of Payment Act 1999 (Act 46 of 1999) (NSW) (“the NSWA”) shed helpful
light on the issue – it provided that a claimant could not serve more than one
payment claim in respect of each reference date under the construction
contract._

(h) _The link drawn between the payment claim and the reference date in the
NSWA suggested that s 10(1) ought to be read as limiting the claimant to one
payment claim per reference period in a payment claim period, and not one
payment claim in a payment claim period._

(i) _As PC3R and PC4 covered claims for different months and therefore
different reference periods, the latter had not been served in breach of s
10(1) read with reg 5(1)._

31 I will now set out my reasons for disagreeing with the Adjudicator.

My reasons on Issue 1

Preamble

32 A payment claim that is served in compliance with s 10(1) is the bedrock
upon which the adjudication process under the Act gravitates. It is the
trigger and, if triggered improperly, would cause the process to fail. Get the
payment claim wrong and an adjudication determination of that claim is liable
to be set aside for want of jurisdiction on the part of the adjudicator. The
starting point of the analysis must therefore be s 10(1).

33 To repeat, s 10(1) states that there may be served “one payment claim in
respect of a progress payment”. It would seem that s 10(1) cannot be
contracted out of – the parties cannot contractually agree on service of
multiple payment claims in respect of a progress payment. The terms of the
contract are relevant only to the extent of regulating the frequency and time
for service of a payment claim. This is set out in s 10(2)(_a_). Where the
contract is silent in this regard, a default setting is stipulated in reg 5(1)
read with s 10(2)(_b_).

34 Like s 10(1), cl 21(a) restricts the Defendant to one payment claim.
Progress payments are monthly with payment claims to be served by the 30th of
the month. It therefore has remarkable similarity to s 10(1) read with reg
5(1) save that the date for service of the payment claim has been adjusted to
the 30th of the month (instead of the last day of each month following the
month in which the contract was made, per reg 5(1)). Sub-clauses 21(a), (b)
and (c), which are salient, provide as follows:

**21\. Progress Payment**

a. Payment shall be monthly progress payments. The Sub-Contractor shall submit
claims with measurement records (if applicable) of Sub-Contract Works done and
or delivery orders duly endorsed by the Contractor’s authorized site staff.
The cut-off date for the progress claim shall be on 30th of each month.

b. Payment certificate or/and payment response shall be maximum 10 days from
sub-contractor’s progress claim submitted.

c. Payment shall be 20 days upon receipt of original tax invoice.

35 Given the similarity of cl 21(a), and s 10(1) and reg 5(1), the correct
interpretation of s 10(1) and reg 5(1) would answer the central question in
Issue 1. As the correct interpretation of s 10(1) and reg 5(1) was a key issue
in _Chua Say Eng_ , the question that naturally arises is: did _Chua Say Eng_
decide Issue 1? I now consider whether it did.

Did Chua Say Eng decide Issue 1?

36 I am of the view that _Chua Say Eng_ did decide the central question in
Issue 1. The Court of Appeal shut the door to service of multiple payment
claims in the same payment claim period, regardless of whether the claims are
for different reference periods or otherwise (where reg 5(1) applied, that
payment claim period would be monthly). I do not share the Adjudicator’s
conclusion that _Chua Say Eng_ had left the door open.

37 The following _dicta_ in _Chua Say Eng_ (at [90]) makes the point clear:

Accordingly, there is nothing in the language of reg 5(1) of the SOPR to
compel a claimant to make monthly payment claims for work done in the previous
month, whether or not he wants to do so. The Act is intended to facilitate the
payment of progress payments at monthly intervals. If a claimant chooses not
to make a payment claim at monthly intervals, because, for example, he is not
experiencing any cash flow problems or because it is not convenient for him to
do so, there is no reason to compel him to do otherwise. If a claimant decides
to serve payment claims at longer than monthly intervals, e,g, quarterly
payment claims, it would also benefit the respondent, who need not pay monthly
claims. In our view, the mandatory language of reg 5(1) of the SOPR in
relation to service of the payment claim, when read with s 10(1) of the Act,
serves to impose a maximum frequency of one payment claim per month. It bars
the claimant from making more than one monthly claim in respect of a progress
payment. Imposing such a maximum frequency for making payment claims is fair
and reasonable to both parties.

38 Two points emerge from this passage. First, though the Act facilitates
monthly progress payment, reg 5(1) does not compel the claimant to make
monthly payment claims. The claimant can therefore hold over his payment
claims. Secondly, reading reg 5(1) with s 10(1), the claimant is restricted to
a maximum frequency of one payment claim per progress payment per month,
regardless of whether it holds over the payment claims or not. That reg 5(1)
must be read with s 10(1) was made clear by the Court of Appeal (see [88] of
_Chua Say Eng_).

39 It is axiomatic that if payment claims are held over, the spectre of
multiple payment claims for different reference periods being collectively
served in the same payment claim period would arise. In observing that the
language of compulsion in reg 5(1) was not in relation to the making of a
payment claim but its service, the Court of Appeal in _Chua Say Eng_ was in
fact contemplating a scenario where payment claims were held over. The Court
of Appeal’s conclusion that a claimant who holds over is limited to only one
monthly payment claim in respect of a progress payment must be seen in this
context. In fact, I would suggest that the Court of Appeal went so far as to
offer a solution as to how such a scenario should be resolved. It was pointed
out that s 10(3) might be resorted to where payment claims were held over – a
claimant must state the reference period for a payment claim (see [89] of
_Chua Say Eng_). The Court of Appeal was expressing, in my opinion, the view
that where the claimant holds over, the payment claim ought to specify a
longer reference period reflecting the enlarged period of work covered by the
claim. It was for this reason that I had remarked at the outset of this
judgment that the reference period and the payment claim period may not
necessarily coincide. Therefore, instead of multiple payment claims, the Court
of Appeal was of the view that there should be one payment claim covering a
longer reference period.

40 There are two further pointers in _Chua Say Eng_ to this conclusion. First,
there is the reference in [91] and [92] to repeat payment claims under s
10(4). The Court of Appeal agreed with the observation of the Assistant
Registrar at first instance that “s 10(4) was meant to widen the scope of s
10(1) by providing the option of including in a payment claim unpaid amounts
made in earlier claims” (at [91]), subject to those claims not having been
adjudicated upon on the merits. The Court of Appeal appeared to incline
towards the view that the proper treatment for repeat claims was to
consolidate them under an overarching payment claim, as envisaged by s 10(4),
rather than have multiple repeat payment claims. Such multiple repeat claims
must by definition cover different reference periods. If this was the more
appropriate approach for repeat payment claims, in the Court of Appeal’s view,
it is difficult to see why different treatment ought to apply to fresh claims.

41 Secondly, I refer to the example cited in [94] of _Chua Say Eng_. The
scenario sketched was of a claimant who held over payment claims for two
calendar months. The Court of Appeal envisaged only one payment claim, when a
claim was eventually made.

42 These paragraphs point to the conclusion that _Chua Say Eng_ had answered
the central question in Issue 1 in the negative. In summary, the scheme of the
statutory provisions governing the submission of payment claims in light of
the holding in _Chua Say Eng_ on Issue 1 is as follows:

(a) there is to be only one payment claim served in respect of a progress
payment – s 10(1);

(b) multiple payment claims for different reference periods in the same
payment claim period are impermissible;

(c) the time for and frequency of service of a payment claim is first and
foremost a matter of contract – s 10(2)(_a_);

(d) where the contract is silent, the default setting is one payment claim per
month served on the last day following the month in which the contract was
made – reg 5(1);

(e) reg 5(1) read with s 10(1) imposes a maximum frequency of one payment
claim a month; and

(f) where payment claims are held over, one payment claim ought to be served
stipulating the enlarged reference period – s 10(3)(_a_).

43 If I am incorrect in the conclusion I have drawn from _Chua Say Eng_ on
Issue 1, I remain nevertheless of the view that the central question in Issue
1 ought to be answered in the negative. A careful review of the relevant
provisions of the NSWA and the parliamentary debates which led to their
enactment, and a line of case authorities from New South Wales which have
considered the same point, inexorably lead me to conclude that service of
multiple claims for different reference periods in the same payment claim
period is impermissible. It is to the New South Wales position that I now
turn.

The NSWA

44 The NSWA has a similar structure and purpose to the Act. The Act was
modelled on similar legislation from other jurisdictions including the NSWA.
There are, however, important differences. As noted by this court in
_Australian Timber Products Pte Ltd v A Pacific Construction & Development Pte
Ltd_ [2013] 2 SLR 776 (“ _Australian Timber_ ”) (at [55]), the provisions of
the Act are a “… product not of unthinking duplication, but considered
adaptation instead” resulting in linguistic variations in the Act. Therefore,
it behoves me to bear this in mind when examining the relevance of Australian
decisions on the NSWA to the Act. With this cautionary note in mind, I turn to
the provisions of the NSWA that are salient to Issue 1.

45 My review suggests that there is no material difference between the salient
provisions of the NSWA and the Act. For ease of reference, I have at Annex 1
of this judgment set out a tabulation comparing the salient provisions of the
NSWA and the Act. I make five broad observations.

46 First, “progress payment” is defined in very similar language in both
statutes save that the NSWA has an expanded definition to make clear that a
final payment under a construction contract is also a “progress payment”. This
is not a material difference as it was decided by this court in _Tiong Seng
Contractors (Pte) Ltd v Chuan Lim Construction Ltd_ [2007] 4 SLR(R) 364 (“
_Tiong Seng Contractors_ ”) (at [27]) (approved in _Chua Say Eng_ (at [95]))
that a final payment would be regarded as a “progress payment” under the Act.

47 Secondly, the accrual of the right to a progress payment arises in the same
circumstances in both statutes. Section 8(1) of the NSWA is similar to s 5
save that it stipulates that the right to a progress payment accrues on and
from each “reference date” (this language is absent from s 5). However, there
is in fact no operational difference between the two statutes. “Reference
date” as defined in ss 8(2)(_a_) and (_b_) of the NSWA tracks the language of
ss 10(2)(_a_) and 10(2)(_b_) read with reg 5(1). Therefore, the right to
progress payment under the NSWA and the Act arises in the same circumstances.

48 Thirdly, the right to serve a payment claim under the NSWA and the Act also
arises in the same circumstances. “Payment claim” under the NSWA is defined
with reference to s 13 of the NSWA. Section 13(5) of the NSWA is in particular
salient. It states that a claimant cannot serve more than one payment claim
“in respect of each reference date under the construction contract”. This is
fundamentally similar to s 10(1) read with s 10(2) and reg 5(1). Under s 8(1)
of the NSWA, entitlement to a progress payment arises on a reference date,
which is defined in s 8(2) of the NSWA in language which is very similar to s
10(2) and reg 5(1). This in turn triggers a right to serve one payment claim
for the corresponding progress payment, the time for service of which is to be
determined in accordance with the terms of the contract – ss 8(2)(_a_) and
(_b_) of the NSWA. Again, the language tracks ss 10(2)(_a_) and (_b_) read
with reg 5(1).

49 Fourthly, s 13(2) of the NSWA, like s 10(3), requires the payment claim to
identify the amount and period of construction work covered by the claim.

50 Fifth, s 13(6) of the NSWA, like s 10(4), permits repeat payment claims to
be included in a payment claim.

51 The observations I have made suggest quite clearly that insofar as the
right to progress payment and the entitlement to serve a corresponding payment
claim are concerned, the provisions of the NSWA and the Act are _in pari
materia_. This makes the Australian decisions on these provisions of the NSWA
relevant to the interpretation of the corresponding provisions in the Act. It
would also make the Hansard on the NSWA pertinent in construing the intent
behind provisions of the Act. I should footnote here that the Hansard on the
Act sheds little light in this regard.

(1) The Hansard on the NSWA and some Australian decisions

52 I first start with the Hansard on the NSWA. It would seem that “reference
date” in s 8 was amended and s 13(5) of the NSWA introduced to prevent abuse
by claimants. M Morris Iemma, New South Wales’ Minister of Public Works and
Services, when speaking at the second reading of the amendment bill on 12
November 2002 had this to say:

The changes are not only designed to prevent abuses of the intent of the
legislation by respondents. _We recognise the potential for claimants to abuse
also the intent of the legislation. Consequently, the bill restricts claimants
to one payment claim under the Act in respect of each reference date._
Reference dates will be either dates specified in the construction contract
for making progress claims or, if not stated, the last day of each month of
the year. … [emphasis added in underline]

53 The Minister’s remarks would suggest that the restriction to one payment
claim in respect of each reference date was to prevent claimants from abusing
the purpose of the NSWA. It is certainly arguable that the “banking” of
payment claims falls within what is regarded as abuse. As I have mentioned
above at [28], a claimant can ambush a respondent by serving multiple payment
claims over a compressed period of time thereby making the respondent scramble
to submit a payment response to each of them. This deluge, coupled with the
tight timelines for submission of a payment response, could have the
unfortunate consequence of the respondent submitting an inadequate payment
response or not submitting one at all. Given the deleterious effect of such an
omission, the argument for frowning upon such activity is certainly there.
Statutes such as the NSWA exist to facilitate the cash flow of contactors, and
not to empower them to game a respondent into conceding payment for an
unmeritorious claim.

54 The facts in the decision of the Supreme Court of New South Wales in _Hill
as Trustee for the Ashmore Superannuation Benefit Fund v Halo Architectural
Design Services Pty Ltd_ [2013] NSWSC 865 (“ _Hill v Halo_ ”) aptly illustrate
the point. Briefly, between 8 November 2012 and 7 December 2012, the claimant
served ten payment claims on ten different dates, each for work done in ten
separate months, _ie_ , different reference periods. All the claims bar four
were settled. An adjudication application was brought in respect of the four
unsettled payment claims.

55 The key issue before the court was: did s 8 read with s 13 of the NSWA
prohibit multiple payment claims for different reference periods being served
with regard to a reference date, _ie_ , “banking” of payment claims? The court
concluded that this was not permissible. The court was of the view that “on
and from” each reference date in s 8(1) of the NSWA meant that the progress
payment to which a claimant was entitled was one in respect of all
construction work done up to that date. The court reasoned that service of a
payment claim “in respect of” each reference date in s 13(5) of the NSWA ought
to have the same meaning as “on and from” in s 8(1) of the NSWA, _ie_ , the
payment claim ought to be for all work done up to that reference date.
Accordingly, service of multiple payment claims for different reference
periods in respect of the same reference date was not permissible. The court
observed that the provisions of the NSWA which concern the submission of an
adjudication application contemplate only one payment claim per application.
This it was felt lent support to the conclusion.

56 I should observe that given the similarity between ss 8 and 13(5) of the
NSWA of the one part and ss 10(1) and (2) of the Act and reg 5(1) of the
other, _Hill v Halo_ would seem to be an authority on point to Issue 1. While
I accept that s 10 does not have the language “on and from each reference
date” found in s 8(1) of the NSWA, the operative question before the court was
whether s 13(5) read with s 8 of the NSWA only allowed one payment claim to be
served in respect of a progress payment. The operative question and the
central question are the same.

57 I next turn to _Rail Corporation of NSW v Nebax Constructions_ [2012] NSWSC
6 (“ _Rail Corporation_ ”), which was referred to in _Hill v Halo_ , similarly
a decision of the Supreme Court of New South Wales. The facts are again
instructive. The claimant purported to make one payment claim. However,
enclosed in that claim were five invoices. Five adjudication applications were
presented on each invoice. One of the issues before the court was whether the
payment claim was in compliance with s 13(5) of the NSWA, as there were
multiple payment claims in relation to a reference date. The court found that
there was in fact one payment claim segregated into separate portions of work.
Accordingly, the specific point on s 13(5) of the NSWA did not fall for
consideration. However, the court said that s 13(5) of the NSWA prevented the
service of more than one payment claim per reference date. It would therefore
not be incorrect to infer that if the court had found on the facts that
multiple payment claims had been served, the conclusion would have been
different, _ie_ , that s 13(5) of the NSWA had not been complied with. _Hill v
Halo_ read _Rail Corporation_ as involving one overarching claim (see [36] of
_Hill v Halo_). This would only fortify the inference I have drawn from the
judgment in _Rail Corporation_.

58 Two subsequent decisions of the Supreme Court of New South Wales considered
the same issue as in _Hill v Halo_ – _Kitchen Xchange v Formacon Building
Services_ [2014] NSWSC 1602 (“ _Kitchen Xchange_ ”) and _Southern Han
Breakfast Point Pty Limited v Lewence Construction Pty Ltd_ [2015] NSWSC 502
(“ _Southern Han_ ”). I begin with _Kitchen Xchange_ where the facts bear a
remarkable similarity to the present facts. The claimant served a payment
claim on 4 June 2014. That claim was withdrawn. On 12 June 2014, a second
payment claim was served. A payment schedule, which is the equivalent under
the NSWA of a payment response, was served by the respondent to the second
payment claim. However, on 23 June 2014, the claimant served a third payment
claim. The third payment claim included an additional item of claim. An
adjudication application was presented on the third payment claim. An issue
arose on whether there was compliance with s 13(5) of the NSWA. The court
found that the second and third payment claims were served in respect of the
same reference date. The court made the following observations (at [21]-[29]):

(a) _section 13(5) of the NSWA was intended to have a prohibitory effect;_

(b) _a payment claim which was not in compliance with the section would not
attract the statutory regime under the NSWA and could not put into motion the
procedure for recovery of the progress payments;_

(c) _any other approach would nullify the purpose of the statutory
prohibition; and_

(d) _section 13(5) was intended to prohibit the vice of repetitive claims on
the same reference date._

59 Accordingly, in the absence of evidence that the second payment claim had
been withdrawn, the third payment claim was held in _Kitchen Xchange_ to have
breached s 13(5) of the NSWA and therefore invalid. The adjudication
determination was consequently set aside.

60 While I recognise that emphasis was placed in _Kitchen Xchange_ on the
words of prohibition in s 13(5) of the NSWA – “cannot serve more than one
payment claim” – which are absent in s 10(1), that does not in any way affect
the relevance of the authority. In my view, it cannot reasonably be argued
that the perhaps less strident words of s 10(1) are malleable to a
construction that more than one payment claim may be served in the same
payment claim period. There is no scope for interpreting “may serve one
payment claim” in s 10(1) as permitting service of more than one payment
claim, without mutilating the statutory language. Indeed, to construe s 10(1)
in that way would be to go against the grain of the holding in _Chua Say Eng_.

61 Finally, I turn to _Southern Han_ where _Hill v Halo_ was cited without
disapproval. The court reiterated that s 13(5) of the NSWA was meant to
safeguard against abuse by a claimant. After citing the portion of Hansard
referred to earlier (_supra_ at [52]), the court had this to say (at [39]):

It is apparent from this passage that the requirement of a reference date and
the requirement that only one claim can be made in respect of each reference
date was intended to be an important mechanism by which abuses of the right to
make a payment are to be preserved.

62 This is a reiteration of the purpose of s 13(5) of the NSWA – that it was
introduced to safeguard against abuse by claimants of the legislative intent
and purpose of the NSWA. I see no reason why s 10(1) should not be regarded in
the same vein as s 13(5) of the NSWA given their common underpinnings. In this
regard, it is difficult to understand how the Adjudicator could have concluded
that s 13(5) of the NSWA supported his conclusion. The section in fact points
to a contrary conclusion.

(2) Information kits

63 Information kits issued by the regulatory authorities in Singapore and New
South Wales on the Act and the NSWA are useful (to an extent) in construing
the provisions of the Act (see _Tiong Seng Contractors_ (at [18]), and also
_Chua Say Eng_ (at [87])). While traditionally not a part of the material that
is usually relied upon for the construction of statutes, they nonetheless
provide a useful insight into the industry’s perception of how the provisions
of the Act and the NSWA operate or ought to operate.

64 The New South Wales Government Information Kit on the NSWA is instructive.
At Information Sheet 2, the following is said:

“Can I resubmit a claim”

_Only one claim can be made under the act for each reference date._ The
reference date is either the date stated in the contract for making the claims
or, if there is no date, it is the last day of each month.”

[emphasis added in underline]

The position in the information kit echoes the approach that resonates in the
Australian decisions discussed above.

65 The statement is even more unequivocal in the information kit issued by the
Building and Construction Authority. Paragraph 2.3 is apposite. It provides
that:

A claimant is entitled to serve a payment claim within the period (payment
claim date) stated in the contract or mutually agreed in writing. If there is
no period provided in the contract, a payment claim may be made at such
intervals as the claimant so elects. _However, a claimant must not make more
than 1 payment claim within each month following the month in which the
contract is made_. …

Only one claim for a particular amount of work done or goods/services supplied
can be made under the Act for each claim date.

[emphasis added in underline]

66 It would appear that the BCA information kit takes a similar position to
the information kit issued by its New South Wales counterpart and, as I have
already stated, in a manner consistent with _Chua Say Eng_.

The Position in New Zealand and the United Kingdom

67 The New Zealand equivalent of the Act is the Construction Contracts Act
2002 (No 46 of 2002) (NZ) (the “CCA”). The NSWA served as a useful model for
the CCA (see the New Zealand Law Commission study paper titled “Protecting
Construction Contractors: An Advisory Report to the Ministry of Commerce”
(November 1999) at para 32). There is similarity between the statutory
language of the CCA and the NSWA, though there are material differences. Of
relevance for present purposes is s 20(1) of the CCA which permits the
submission of only one payment claim per progress payment. This is akin to s
13(5) of the NSWA and s 10(1). Unfortunately, there is a dearth of case
authority from New Zealand on s 20(1) of the CCA. However, given that its
parentage is the NSWA, there is sound reason to believe that a similar
position to New South Wales will be taken in New Zealand. For completeness, I
set out s 20 of the CCA below:

**20** **Payment claims**

(1) A payee may serve a payment claim on the payer for each progress payment,—

(a) if the contract provides for the matter, at the end of the relevant period
that is specified in, or is determined in accordance with the terms of, the
contract; or

(b) if the contract does not provide for the matter, at the end of the
relevant period referred to in section 17(2).

(2) A payment claim must—

(a) be in writing; and

(b contain sufficient details to identify the construction contract to which
the progress payment relates; and

(c) identify the construction work and the relevant period to which the
progress payment relates; and

(d) indicate a claimed amount and the due date for payment; and

(e) indicate the manner in which the payee calculated the claimed amount; and

(f) state that it is made under this Act.

(3) If a payment claim is served on a residential occupier, it must be
accompanied by—

(a) an outline of the process for responding to that claim; and

(b) an explanation of the consequences of—

(i) not responding to a payment claim; and

(ii) not paying the claimed amount, or the scheduled amount, in full
(whichever is applicable).

(4) The matters referred to in subsection (3)(a) and (b) must—

(a) be in writing; and

(b) be in the prescribed form (if any).

68 The UK equivalent to the Act is the Housing Grants, Construction and
Regeneration Act 1996 (c 53) (UK) (“HGCR”). Though the purpose of the HGCR is
similar to the Act and the NSWA, the language adopted is quite different.
Having said that, the threat posed to a respondent by multiple payment claims
was highlighted in _Caledonian Modular Ltd v Mar City Development Ltd_ [2015]
EWHC 1855 (TCC) (at [48]) in the following terms:

48 _Such a sequence would make a mockery of the notice provisions under the
Act and the Scheme. It would encourage a contractor to make fresh claims every
few days in the hope that, at some stage, the employer or his agent will take
his eye off the ball and fail to serve a valid payless notice, thus entitling
the contractor to a wholly undeserved windfall._ The whole purpose of the Act
and the Scheme is to create an atmosphere in which the parties to a
construction contract are _not_ always at loggerheads. I consider that the
claimant's approach would achieve the opposite result. [emphasis added in
underline]

69 These words are salutary of the threat that permitting service of multiple
payment claims in the same payment claim period poses. It is a threat we must
heed and guard against.

The Act contemplates only one payment claim

70 As noted above at [60], s 10(1) is unequivocal – only one payment claim may
be served in each payment claim period. The use of “may” is permissive rather
than compulsive in relation to the making of a payment claim. However, there
is nothing in the language of s 10(1) that opens the door to more than one
payment claim in a payment claim period. Consistent with this, ss 10(2), (3)
and (4) each contemplate only one payment claim, as does reg 5(1). The
sections in the Act on payment response, the adjudication application and the
adjudication response, like their sister provisions in the NSWA, also
contemplate only one payment claim. Indeed, the entire adjudication process is
predicated on one payment claim being the subject matter of adjudication. To
allow multiple payment claims for different reference periods to be served in
the same payment claim period is to shoehorn unwarranted language into the
Act.

71 Indeed, there is no necessity to resort to contorting and mutilating the
language and tenor of the Act to allow for service of multiple claims for
different reference periods in the same payment claim period. As noted in
_Chua Say Eng_ , s 10(3) specifically caters for a claimant who holds over.
Such a claimant is therefore not disenfranchised. I make one further comment.
Section 10(4) of the Act states quite clearly that unsatisfied and
unadjudicated (on the merits) repeat payment claims may be “re-served” on a
consolidated basis under an overarching payment claim. The intent appears to
be to consolidate all the claims under one roof, presumably with a view to
avoiding the need for multiple payment responses and adjudication
applications. This is an approach I would encourage. If repeat payment claims
are given a statutory nudge in this direction by this option, that begs the
question why a different approach ought to be encouraged for fresh payment
claims, particularly in light of s 10(3). There is no conceivable reason for
the adoption of one approach for repeat payment claims and another for fresh
claims which have been held over. The end objective is one of streamlining the
adjudication process by consolidating the claims under one roof, resulting in
a consolidated payment response, and a consolidated adjudication. This avoids
or at the very least reduces the confusion as to which payment claim needs to
be responded to. Also, this ameliorates if not eliminates the risk of not
addressing a payment claim either in whole or in part because of a
misjudgement as to which is a valid payment claim. Consistency of treatment
for both repeat and fresh claims must surely be a desirable outcome. As noted
above at [39]­-[40], I believe the Court of Appeal in _Chua Say Eng_ intended
this result.

Some remarks on Clause 21

72 As an opening observation, I note that the Adjudicator did not touch on the
terms of the Contract. This is unfortunate. It is evident from a review of cl
21(a) that the parties contemplated only one payment claim in each payment
claim period, to be served no later than the 30th of the month. That payment
claim was to be met in turn by a payment response within ten days (cl 21(b))
and payment within twenty days (see cl 21(c)). Therefore, the Defendant’s
contractual expectation was to receive monthly progress payments upon service
of monthly payment claims by the 30th of any given month. Parties had agreed
on one payment claim per month. There is no room in cl 21 to burrow in the
words “per reference period” to qualify the monthly payment claim. In fact,
the Defendant did not advance the argument that the contractual intention of
the parties was in fact that. Therefore, if the parties had agreed to only one
payment claim in each payment claim period, it is difficult to understand why
that bargain was not given effect to by the Adjudicator. As long as cl 21(a)
was not inconsistent with s 10(1), it ought to have been given effect to.

73 In fact, the parties might have contractually provided for one payment
claim per month to prevent the sort of abuse or confusion “banking” of payment
claims could cause. A respondent faced with the possibility of being served
with multiple payment claims for different reference periods in the same
payment claim period might want to contractually avert that risk of being
inundated. Clause 21 or clauses of that ilk could be the result of a desire to
eliminate that risk. The Adjudicator ought to have recognised this.

Could the Defendant have saved PC4?

74 Could the Defendant have saved PC4 by withdrawing PC3R when it served PC4?
The adjunct questions that arise are: (a) could PC3R have been withdrawn in
the first place and if so, could such withdrawal have been unilateral; and,
(b) could such withdrawal be implied by the service of PC4? Though these
questions do not specifically arise for consideration in light of my
conclusion on the correct interpretation of s 10(1), they do merit
consideration. I am of the view that these questions ought to be answered in
the affirmative.

75 The argument that withdrawal can be unilateral and implied by the service
of a subsequent payment claim in the same payment claim period was made in
_Kitchen Xchange_. The court declined to address the argument instead finding
on the evidence that there was nothing to indicate that an earlier payment
claim was withdrawn by the service of a subsequent payment claim (see _Kitchen
Xchange_ at [27]). I am, however, prepared to be more robust. I see no reason
why, as a matter of principle, a payment claim cannot be withdrawn
unilaterally and why such withdrawal cannot be implied from the circumstances.
I will explain.

76 It must be remembered that while the Act creates a statutory right to
progress payments, it does not compel a claimant to make a payment claim if
its cash flow demands do not dictate that it does so – see _Chua Say Eng_ at
[90]. The option of triggering the right to payment of a progress payment by
serving a payment claim is the claimant’s. Indeed, the entitlement to progress
payment and the due date for the payment are first and foremost a matter of
contract – see the definition of “progress payment” in s 2 and the manner in
which the due date for payment is ascertained in s 8. The same is true as to
the timing and frequency of service of a payment claim – see s 10(2). One is
therefore in substance dealing with a contractual right to payment, which upon
service of a payment claim, is elevated to a statutory right under the Act.

77 Seen in this light, I see no reason why the beneficiary of the right – the
claimant –­ cannot withdraw it if it so choses. The DNA of the right is
contractual and therefore amenable to being waived or not asserted, or indeed
withdrawn. Ultimately, it is the claimant’s entitlement to pursue its right to
payment as it sees fit, subject of course to the strictures of the Act. While
it is true that service of a payment claim does trigger the adjudication
process under the Act, there is no compulsion to take that process forward
and, indeed right to the very end by filing and pursuing an adjudication
application to determination. If a claimant can elect not to take a payment
claim forward, it surely can choose to withdraw the same. In my view
therefore, the Defendant could have withdrawn PC3R unilaterally.

78 Can a claimant substitute a payment claim with another? I would again say
“yes” provided service of the second payment claim is made within the same
payment claim period. A payment claim which falls outside that payment claim
period would not necessarily be invalid. I would suggest that a payment claim
served in such circumstances ought to be regarded as a payment claim served in
respect of the next payment claim period provided there is nothing in the
contract that prohibits this. Indeed, _Chua Say Eng_ at [94] appeared to make
the same point (see also _LH Aluminium Industries Pte Ltd v Newcon Builders
Pte Ltd_ [2015] 1 SLR 648 (“ _LH Aluminium_ ”) at [46] which says much the
same).

79 Can the withdrawal be implied from the circumstances? This is a more
difficult question given the need for certainty as to whether there is a
payment claim that requires a payment response. In principle, I again do not
see why the withdrawal cannot be implied from the circumstances. If a payment
claim can be expressly withdrawn, why can’t it be impliedly withdrawn in the
right circumstances? Further, if a claimant can be estopped from asserting
that a payment claim has been served (see the discussion _infra_ at [109]), I
do not see why its conduct cannot in an appropriate situation be regarded as
an implied withdrawal of a payment claim. The claimant would surely be
estopped from asserting that the first payment claim retains sustenance, and
by the same token, obliged to accept that the second payment claim is the
salient one. Granted that where estoppel applies, it is the respondent rather
than the claimant who is asserting the argument. However, if the circumstances
are clear that there has been a withdrawal and substitution, I do not see why
there should be a difference. The same factual matrix could give rise to both.
The investigation is ultimately factual – whether a payment claim has been
served triggering the adjudication process. However, given the serious
consequences that befall a respondent who fails to respond to a payment claim,
the circumstances must be abundantly clear that the earlier payment claim has
been withdrawn by service of a subsequent payment claim in the same payment
claim period.

80 As will become apparent from the discussion under Issue 3(b) herein, the
present facts do not warrant the conclusion that PC3R was withdrawn by service
of PC4. Indeed, the Defendant’s further arguments go against the grain of that
conclusion. The argument assumes that an adjudication application could have
been presented on PC3R notwithstanding PC4, if the Plaintiff had not allegedly
misrepresented its position on the validity of PC3R.

81 There is an easy solution to pierce the mist of controversy – greater
contractual precision through better drafting. The contract could simply deem
that a second payment claim in time served in the same payment claim period
would substitute the earlier payment. Alternatively, the contract could deem
the second payment claim as having been served in the next payment claim
period, _ie_ , it is held over to the next progress payment, assuming of
course that it covers a different reference period from the earlier payment
claim. Such clauses could help obviate inadvertent non-compliance with s
10(1).

Concluding remarks on Issue 1

82 For these reasons, my conclusion is that a claimant may serve only one
payment claim in a payment claim period. I am of the view that service of
multiple payment claims for different reference periods served in a single
payment claim period is not in accordance with s 10(1). The salient provisions
of the Act, the decision in _Chua Say Eng_ , and equivalent provisions of the
NSWA as interpreted by the Australian decisions discussed earlier all clearly
point to this conclusion. The conclusion is the same regardless of whether the
payment claim period is as specified in reg 5(1) or a different period under
the contract _per_ s 10(2)(_a_). Section 10(1) is the operative provision.

83 On the present facts, the Defendant was entitled to serve only one payment
claim a month, under s 10(1) read with cl 21(a). PC3R would have been the
relevant claim for the payment claim period for the progress payment in
December 2014. PC4, having come after PC3R in the same month (the payment
claim period here), would not have been a valid payment claim under s 10(1)
read with cl 21(a). The vitality of a payment claim is essential to the
sustenance of the adjudication determination as the adjudication application
is presented on its back. Given that PC4 was invalidated by PC3R, the
Determination ought to be set aside.

84 In the final analysis, the common thread that emerges is one of safeguard
against abuse by claimants. The Act facilitates the cash flow of the
construction industry by creating a statutory right of payment for claimants
through an expeditious process that requires strict adherence to timelines
(see the importance of strict adherence to timelines notwithstanding the _de
minimis_ principle in the Court of Appeal decision in _Citiwall Safety Glass
Pte Ltd v Mansource Interior Pte Ltd_ [2015] SGCA 42 (“ _Citiwall_ ”) (at
[27]-[30]) for responses, notices, and adjudication applications and
responses). It creates a fast-track segue to dispute resolution in the courts
or arbitration by offering cash-starved claimants temporary relief, leaving
the substantive disputes to be resolved in the usual way on another occasion
(see _Citiwall_ at [28]). The New Zealand Court of Appeal decision in _Salem
Ltd v Top End Homes Ltd_ [2005] NZCA 406 (at [22]) rightly observed that the
intention of legislation such as the Act is to “pay first and argue later”.
That, however, is not an invitation to abuse. A balance has to be struck
between the interest of the claimant and the respondent. As noted in _Kitchen
Xchange_ and the Hansard on the NSWA, there is a need to safeguard against
abuse by claimants. Claimants who decide, for whatever reason, to hold over
their payment claims are obviously not in pressing need of the relief under
the Act. Allowing such claimants to “bank” their claims is not in keeping with
the legislative intent of the Act and indeed, can lead to abuse. A safeguard
is therefore necessary, and in my view exists in s 10(1). The observations of
the court in _Kitchen Xchange_ on the vice of multiple claims at [29] are
particularly germane:

The vice of submission of repetitive payment claims is obvious… It is clearly
deleterious to a respondent to be forced to reply individually often at the
expense of time, labour and money, to repetitive payment claims which all
relate to the same reference date. On the other hand, should the respondent
take the view that it has done enough, it is courting the risk that a
particular document will be held and thus, sufficient to initiate the process
of recovery.

85 The observations of Lee Seiu Kin J in _LH Aluminium_ (at [46]) as regards
repeat claims are equally pertinent to the risk posed by multiple claims which
are not repeat claims:

46 In my view, s 10 of the Act is equivocal as to whether a repeat claim is
permitted and it is a matter of judicial policy in interpreting the Act so as
to achieve its objectives. On the one hand, as Woo J pointed out in [68] of
_JFC Builders_ ([30] _supra_), permitting repeat claims opens the Act to abuse
by rendering the deadline nugatory as a claimant could merely issue and serve
a repeat claim. On my part, I do not think this is a real problem in view of
the holding in _Terence Lee_ ([28] _supra_) at [94] that a payment claim
served just after the deadline for that month could be construed as a payment
claim within the deadline for the following month. _In my view, the more
serious concern is that this paves the way for a claimant to ambush the
respondent by repeatedly serving the same payment claim month after month._
The present case is a good example of sustained repeat claims. The first
payment claim was served on 22 June 2013 and this was repeated four times over
the next five months. _The danger for a respondent is that the moment he slips
up and fails to serve a payment response within the deadline, the claimant
could file an adjudication application (although that is not a feature in the
present case)._ Because s 15(3)(_a_) of the Act forbids consideration of a
late payment response, the claimant would be virtually certain of obtaining an
adjudication determination in his favour. _JFC Builders_ is an example of such
an ambush: a payment claim was submitted on 15 December 2010 for about
$360,000 and the respondent made payment of $125,000. The following month, on
24 January 2011, the claimant submitted a payment claim for the balance of
about $235,000 in respect of the same period in the December payment claim.
The respondent failed to provide a payment response in time and the claimant
successfully obtained an adjudication determination in its favour. _Doo Ree_
([38] _supra_) is yet another example. The claimant had submitted a payment
claim on 29 November 2008 for the sum of about $254,000. The respondent did
not provide a payment response in time and an adjudication application was
made. However, the adjudicator held that the claim was premature under s
13(3)(_a_) and dismissed it pursuant to s 16(2)(_a_) of the Act. On 30 January
2009, the claimant submitted a second payment claim for the reduced sum of
$202,349.41 but in relation to the same works as the earlier claim. The
respondent provided a payment response in which the claim was refuted on the
basis that this was a repeat of the earlier payment claim. The claimant did
not make an adjudication application in this instance, but two months later,
on 31 March 2009, filed a payment claim for the same sum of $202,349.41. The
respondent did not provide a payment response to this claim and the claimant
filed an adjudication application. [emphasis added in underline]

86 These are observations I align myself with completely. Indeed, they apply
with greater force in the present context of fresh payment claims filed in the
same payment claim period. At the heart is the risk of abuse by the claimant.
Disputes such as the present will result if the door is not firmly shut on
service of multiple payment claims in the same payment claim period.

87 Finally, a footnote to Issue 1. Clause 21(a) bears similarity to clauses in
several standard form contracts that are in use in Singapore. A schedule of
these clauses is annexed hereto as Annex 2. The differences between cl 21(a)
and these clauses, insofar as they relate to Issue 1, do not appear material.
While an argument was made that the views expressed above on cl 21(a) read
with s 10(1) may apply to those clauses as well, I declined to take a firm
view on this without more careful consideration of those clauses in the full
context of the agreements in which they were found.

Issue 2: Is an exact copy of the payment claim required?

88 The Plaintiff had a second string to its bow if PC4 was held to be a valid
payment claim. The arrow that the Plaintiff shot was that the Application was
filed in breach of s 13(3)(_c_) read with reg 7(2)(_e_). In the main, the
submission was that the Application did not annex _a complete and exact_ copy,
as opposed to a copy, of PC4.

89 Section 13(3)(_c_) provides as follows:

**Adjudication applications**

13.—(1) A claimant who is entitled to make an adjudication application under
section 12 may, subject to this section, apply for the adjudication of a
payment claim dispute by lodging the adjudication application with an
authorised nominating body.

(2) An adjudication application shall not be made unless the claimant has, by
notice in writing containing the prescribed particulars, notified the
respondent of his intention to apply for adjudication of the payment claim
dispute.

(3) An adjudication application —

(a) shall be made within 7 days after the entitlement of the claimant to make
an adjudication application first arises under section 12;

(b) shall be made in writing addressed to the authorised nominating body
requesting it to appoint an adjudicator;

(c) shall contain such information or _be accompanied by such documents_ as
may be prescribed;

…

[emphasis added in underline]

90 Regulation 7(2)(_e_) provides as follows:

**Adjudication applications**

7.—(2) Every adjudication application shall —

…

(_e_) be accompanied by a copy of the relevant notice of intention to apply
for adjudication, _a copy of the relevant payment claim_ and a copy of the
payment response (if any) thereto.

…

[emphasis added in underline]

91 The Plaintiff’s submission was that s 13(3)(_c_) directed an adjudication
application to be accompanied by such documents as might be prescribed. As reg
7(2)(_e_) prescribed a copy of the payment claim, the failure to annex an
exact copy of the payment claim was fatal. Given that the Defendant allegedly
did not annex an exact copy of PC4 to the Application, the Adjudicator was
duty bound to reject the same pursuant to s 16(2)(_a_). Section 16(2)(_a_)
provides as follows:

(2) An adjudicator shall reject —

(_a_) any adjudication application that is not made in accordance with section
13(3)(_a_), (_b_) or (_c_)…

92 The Plaintiff levied three complaints as regards the copy of PC4 that was
annexed to the Application (“APC4”), arguing that:

(a) the Defendant had included additional pages and information in APC4;

(b) the Defendant had switched the order of several pages found in PC4; and

(c) the Defendant had altered or modified the contents of certain pages in
PC4.

93 I disagreed with the Plaintiff’s submission on three grounds. First, I took
the view that it was sufficient that the copy of the payment claim that was to
accompany the Application need only be a copy, and not an exact copy, of the
payment claim. In other words, it was not important whether an exact copy had
been annexed to the Application. However, it was important whether there has
been any change to the claim or the basis of the claim in the accompanying
payment claim. Secondly, the alleged deviations in APC4 were so trivial that
they must surely be subject to the _de minimis_ principle. Thirdly, non-
compliance with s 13(3)(_c_) read with reg 7(2)(_e_) would not result in the
invalidity of the application, in light of the legislative purpose of the Act.
I should add that the Adjudicator also disagreed with the Plaintiff on this
submission.

94 It is axiomatic that the service of a payment claim initiates the
adjudication process under the Act. It is important that it contains
sufficient detail to enable the respondent to know the case it needs to meet
and to decide the course of action it wishes to take. The Act and the
Regulations therefore prescribe the details that need to be included in the
payment claim – see s 10(3) and reg 5(2). However, notably, while prescribing
the details that need to be contained in a payment claim, the Act and the
Regulations stop short of stipulating a format for the same. This is
deliberate in my view for one obvious reason. The Act was enacted to
facilitate recovery of progress payments through a simplified and expeditious
process for recovery of progress payments. A formalistic and pedantic approach
would go against that grain. Contractors and sub-contractors could flounder if
a rigid format for payment claims was insisted upon. Indeed, as noted in
_Australian Timber_ (at [56]-[61]), the Australian authorities have adopted a
test to determine compliance with the formal conditions prescribed for the
contents of a payment claim that are not overly demanding of the claimants. It
is important to use an objective lens to ascertain whether the statutory
criteria has been complied with, always bearing in mind that the “ _actors in
the construction industry often operate on tight deadlines and do not always
communicate ideally in a formal manner_ ” (_Australian Timber_ at [63]).

95 Indeed, it was recognised in _Chua Say Eng_ (at [75]) that a payment claim
need not be cast in formal tones or legalese provided it contained the
information that was prescribed by the Act and the Regulations. It could be
voluminous or might contain confusing elements such as an informal or
unbusiness-like tone. It did not have to state that it was a payment claim to
qualify as one under the Act – see _Australian Timber_ at [19]. The position
in New Zealand is also illuminating. Section 20(2) of the CCA is very similar
in tenor to s 10(3) and reg 5(2). The New Zealand cases, while acknowledging
that s 20(2) of the CCA is cast in mandatory language, have said that
technical quibbles that the section has not been complied with would be given
short shrift – see _eg_ , _George Developments Ltd v Canam Construction Ltd_
[2006] 1 NZLR 177 (“ _George Developments_ ”) (see _infra_ at [98]). Adopting
the same approach for the Act would in my view undoubtedly facilitate its
object.

96 Seeing as how there is an absence of formalities as regards a payment
claim, it is difficult to see why an application that is not accompanied by an
exact copy of the payment claim will be regarded as invalid. Regulation
7(2)(_e_) does not say that an exact copy is required and I see no reason why
it should be read in that manner. It is relevant to remember why the payment
claim has to accompany the adjudication application. The payment claim and the
payment response frame the issues in the claim before the adjudicator and
hence his jurisdiction – see in particular ss 17(3)(_c_) and (_d_). It is
material whether the adjudicator has before him the claim that initiated the
adjudication process under the Act and which the respondent has met in its
payment response. It is, however, not material whether that payment claim is
an exact reproduction. If the Plaintiff is right, by simply adding or
substituting to a payment claim a page or two of the documents in support
would invalidate the adjudication application even if there is no alteration
to the claim. The difficulty presented by the Plaintiff’s submission is
evident from just this one example.

97 There is another reason that militates against the Plaintiff’s submission –
the informality of the payment claim. That the payment claim may be informal
in itself suggests that the claimant may wish to buttress it with additional
information when submitting the adjudication application. The Act applies to
an industry that quite often operates with a degree of informality. Indeed s
13(3)(_d_) recognises this by allowing additional material in support of the
adjudication application to accompany the same. If such material is
incorporated into the payment claim, the payment claim that accompanies the
adjudication application will surely not be an exact copy. Ought it then to be
set aside? Surely not.

98 I am again fortified in my view by the approach taken in New Zealand to
technical non-compliance with s 20(2) of the CCA. In _George Developments_ ,
it was felt that substantive compliance ought to be the test, and technical
quibbles and glitches ought to be given short shrift. The following passage is
helpful (at [42]):

[42] As is noted in Smellie Progress Payments and Adjudication (2003) at 31,
“Although [the s 20(2)] requirements are mandatory, _technical quibbles that
they have not been complied with will probably receive scant attention”_. The
learned author notes the New South Wales case of _Hawkins Construction v Mac’s
Industrial Pipework_ [2001] NSWSC 815 where Windeyer J considered the validity
of a payment claim under legislation equivalent to the New Zealand Act and
said at paragraph 8:

“8 [Counsel] contended that the payment claims served on the plaintiff … were
ineffective because they did not comply with section 13(2)(a) and (c) of the
Act. The arguments were that they contained the incorrect contract number and
abbreviated the name of the Act under which the claim was made … As to the
first, while the contract number may have been wrong in some cases, the claims
did identify the work done. The second argument was that because the payment
claims abbreviated the name of the Act, they did not fulfil a statutory
requirement to name the Act. This argument might have had some weight in
1800\. In 2001, an argument based on the absence of the word “and” and the
letters “USTRY” has no merit. It should not have been put.

[43] We acknowledge that the approach of this appellant was not as pedantic as
those confronting Windeyer J, but _the general observation that technical
quibbles should not be allowed to vitiate a payment claim that substantively
complies with the requirements of the Act is critical and needs to be weighed
alongside the “technocratic” interpretation advanced by George._

[emphasis added in underline]

99 The same approach was taken in the decision in _Protectavale Pty Ltd v K2K
Pty Ltd_ [2008] FCA 1248 (in relation to s 14 of the Building and Construction
Industry Security of Payment Act 2002 (No 15 of 2002) (Vic)), where the
Federal Court of Australia eschewed an overly demanding and unduly technical
approach to the issue of compliance (at [11]). In the same vein, the mandatory
language of s 13(3)(_c_) and reg 7(2)(_e_) ought not to be read as requiring
an exact copy of the payment claim. To conclude otherwise would be to allow
technical quibbles of non-compliance to prevail over the object of the Act.
The test ought to be whether there has been compliance with the statutory
requirements as assessed through an objective lens applying a not overly
demanding and technical standard (_Australian Timber_ at [61] and [63]). In
the round, it must not be forgotten why the payment claim has to be annexed to
the application – so that the payment claim that was served is placed before
the adjudicator. As the payment claim and the payment response frame the
issues before the adjudicator, he should therefore have the correct documents
before him. Having the correct documents does not mean an exact copy of those
documents.

100 I would hasten to add that what I have said ought not to be construed as
leaving the door open to replacing, altering or modifying the contents of a
payment claim in terms of the information that is prescribed in s 10(3) and
reg 5(2). That would place before the adjudicator a different set of documents
from those which had framed the issues between the parties. This joinder of
issues is fundamental to the adjudication process as it defines the
adjudicator’s jurisdiction. Even in such circumstances, it may not necessarily
follow that non-compliance will invariably result in invalidity of the
adjudication provided the correct documents are eventually before and
considered by the adjudicator (see the discussion _infra_ at [105]). I,
however, express no firm view on this point.

101 I now turn to the three complaints of the Plaintiff. I shall take the
first and second collectively as the explanation offered by the Defendant for
both is the same. The Defendant acknowledged the complaints but submitted that
it had included additional drawings in support of the claim, and re-arranged
certain documents – all drawings – to give the Adjudicator better clarity and
context to the claim. In response, the Plaintiff conceded that the Defendant
was entitled to include supporting documents and information in the
Application in light of s 13(3)(_e_). However, the Plaintiff submitted that it
was quite another matter to pass APC4 off as PC4. I found the submission
startling. If additional documents could be introduced when filing the
Application, how does it matter if they were introduced as part of PC4 or
independently annexed to the Application? Indeed, annexing them to PC4 would
give it its full colour thereby benefiting the Adjudicator. The complaint
seemed to me to smack of the technical quibbles that the New Zealand cases
unequivocally say ought to be frowned upon.

102 Nothing specifically was submitted on why re-arrangement of the drawings
was impermissible, probably because nothing of substance could have been said.
It is difficult to comprehend how re-arrangement of pages could mean that PC4
has changed in any material manner. It did seem that the complaint bordered on
the frivolous.

103 I turn to the third and last of the Plaintiff’s complaints – that there
had been alteration or modification to certain pages of PC4. Instinctively,
this did raise warning signs of non-compliance of a fundamental nature.
However, closer examination suggested that it was also without substance. The
Defendant explained that the differences between PC4 and APC4 arose primarily
from a failure to retain in its files a copy of PC4. I accepted the
explanation as it appeared credible on its face and there was nothing to
controvert it. Indeed, the Plaintiff did not challenge the explanation.

104 In any event, the deviations complained of were of such a minor variety
that they would be subject to the _de minimis_ principle. In the final
analysis, the Plaintiff’s complaints were best described in Shakespearean
language as “much ado about nothing”.

105 Finally, even if there was non-compliance with reg 7(2)(_e_), that would
not render the Application null and void. It is important to examine whether s
13(3)(_c_) read with reg 7(2)(_e_) was so important a provision that non-
compliance would defeat the legislative purpose of the Act. This was the test
laid down in _Chua Say Eng_ (at [67]) and followed in _Australian Timber_ (at
[30]). I am of the view s 13(3)(_c_) did not carry such importance. In
_Australian Timber_ , this court considered whether non-compliance with s
10(3)(_a_) and reg 5(2) rendered a payment claim invalid. The court held it
did not. Regulation 5(2) stipulates the information that needs to be set out
in the payment claim. It would seem that not annexing an exact copy of the
payment claim is less egregious than not complying with reg 5(2). I am
therefore of the view that even if there was non-compliance with reg
7(2)(_e_), the Application was not null and void.

Issue 3(a): Further arguments of approbation and reprobation

106 In its request for further arguments dated 24 July 2015, the Defendant
shifted ground. The Defendant's counsel accepted that service of multiple
payment claims for different reference periods in the same payment claim
period was not consistent with s 10(1) and cl 21(a). However, the Defendant
submitted that the Plaintiff had approbated and reprobated on the validity of
PC3R. The submission had two inter-related prongs. First, the Defendant argued
that the Plaintiff had acted in bad faith by misrepresenting the invalidity of
PC3R throughout the period when the Defendant could have presented an
adjudication application on the same. This induced the Defendant to present
the Application on PC4. Secondly, by the time the Plaintiff had made its
position clear on PC4 – identified by the Defendant as the Plaintiff’s letter
dated 20 January 2014 – time for filing an adjudication application on PC3R
had lapsed. The Plaintiff ought to be therefore barred from using PC3R to
invalidate PC4 as the Plaintiff’s shift of ground had prejudiced the
Defendant.

107 I had significant difficulties with the arguments both on the facts and in
law. I should observe that the arguments appeared to lift off from an earlier
argument of estoppel based on an alleged representation in December 2014 by
the Plaintiff’s general manager that all payment claims must be submitted on
the 30th of the month, and which the Defendant purportedly relied on in
serving PC4.

108 The doctrine of approbation and reprobation precludes a party who has
exercised a right from exercising another right which is alternative to and
inconsistent with the right that has been exercised – see _Treasure Valley
Group Ltd v Saputra Teddy and another (Ultramarine Holdings Ltd, intervener)_
[2006] 1 SLR(R) 358 (at [31]). It has its roots in the common law doctrine of
election. In principle, I see no reason why the doctrine ought not to apply to
payment claims under the Act for the same reason why estoppel has been
recognised as being applicable. Both doctrines have a common seed – the
disapproval of inconsistent behaviour.

109 _Chua Say Eng_ recognised (at [33], [73] and [74]) that estoppel might
operate in the context of payment claims. The same point was made in
_Australian Timber_ (at [30]) following _Chua Say Eng_. The example sketched
in _Chua Say Eng_ illustrates the role that estoppel might play. The situation
was one where the payment claim satisfies all the requirements under the Act,
but is expressly stated not to be a payment claim. The Court of Appeal held
that the claimant would be estopped then from asserting that it had served a
payment claim under the Act. Similarly, where a party elects to rely on a
payment claim for the purpose of the Act, there really should be no reason why
that election should not be binding. Such a party should not be allowed to
resile from the election by relying on an inconsistent position.

110 There is an easy answer why this must be so. The Act recognises that,
subject to its provisions, the entitlement to progress payment, and the right
to serve a payment claim, are contractual. The statutory right to payment
under the Act is triggered by the terms of the contract. Having a contractual
underpinning means that principles that frown on inconsistent conduct such as
estoppel and the doctrine of approbation and reprobation would apply to the
question of whether the right to payment has been triggered. A claimant, faced
with two inconstant courses of conduct and having elected one, must be treated
as bound to that election. However, the difficulty the Defendant faced with
its argument was that it ran straight into the wall that is s 10(1).

111 The language of s 10(1) is unequivocal and mandatory – only one payment
claim may be served in respect of a progress payment. It would surely be
incorrect to conclude that the doctrine of approbation and reprobation could
allow two or more payment claims in the same payment claim period to be
presented notwithstanding the limitation in s 10(1). This would be to
disfigure the language of the section, and in the process undermine its
purpose. In fact, I believe that the position has been settled by _Chua Say
Eng_ and the subsequent decisions of this court in _JFC Builders Pte Ltd v
LionCity Construction Co Pte Ltd_ [2013] 1 SLR 1157, _Admin Construction Pte
Ltd v Vivaldi (s) Pte Ltd_ [2013] 3 SLR 609 and _LH Aluminium_ , following
_Chua Say Eng_. It was held there that estoppel does not prevent a party from
raising a jurisdictional challenge in a setting aside application even if it
had not been raised before the adjudicator. If a failure to raise a
jurisdictional challenge before an adjudicator does not operate as an
estoppel, I do not see how the doctrine of approbation and reprobation can do
any better to confer jurisdiction. At the nub of the analysis is whether the
requirements of the Act necessary to confer jurisdiction on the adjudicator
have been satisfied. The inequitable conduct of one party cannot in and of
itself result in the re-writing of the statutory language so that jurisdiction
can be conferred. As a matter of first principle, I have significant
difficulty in understanding how inconsistent conduct by a party can confer
jurisdiction on an adjudicator in the face of contrary statutory language.

Issue 3(b): Was there in fact approbation and reprobation?

112 My conclusion on the applicability of the doctrine of approbation and
reprobation was sufficient to dispose of the Defendant’s further arguments.
However, as much was made by the Defendant of the Plaintiff’s conduct, I will
address the same for completeness. For a start, as noted earlier, the
circumstances surrounding the issuance of PC4 were a matter of significant
controversy. It would have been impossible to have resolved it on the basis of
affidavit evidence alone. In the course of arguments, I invited the
Defendant's counsel to apply for leave to cross-examine deponents of the
relevant affidavits on this issue. The invitation was, however, not accepted.
Nonetheless, even if I were to take the Defendant’s allegation at face value
and at its highest, all that was alleged was that the Plaintiff’s general
manager had said was that the payment claims under the Contract had to be
issued on the 30th of the month. The Plaintiff’s general manager did not
represent that there could be two payment claims in the same payment claim
period, even if they were for different reference periods. As noted earlier,
cl 21(a) contemplated only one payment claim per month (even if the payment
claims were for different reference periods). That being the case, even if the
Defendant had been told, following the service of PC3R, to submit a fresh
payment claim on the 30th of the month, a reasonable interpretation of that
would be for PC3R to be substituted with a payment claim served on 30 December
2014. It certainly could not have been understood as an invitation to serve
two payment claims for the progress payment for December 2014. Fatally, the
Defendant did not withdraw PC3R when it served PC4. The difficulties did not
stop there.

113 The Defendant alleged that the Plaintiff represented in Payment Response 3
that PC3R was invalid because it had been served out of time. I am not sure
that there was a representation that PC4 would be regarded as valid to begin
with, let alone one of fact. The Plaintiff was, as it was entitled to,
mounting a jurisdictional challenge on the validity of the PC3R. In doing so,
it was stating its position on the validity of PC3R based on a construction of
cl 21(a) and the Act. At the same time, in the 9 January letter, the Plaintiff
also challenged the validity of PC4 on the basis that it had been served after
PC3R in the same payment claim period. Again, this could not on any basis be
characterised as a representation, let alone one of fact. Further, it would
have been apparent that the real challenge from the Plaintiff was to PC3R.
Payment Response 3, unlike the 9 January letter, also delved into the merits
of the claim. That ought to have indicated to the Plaintiff where the real
contest lay.

114 The Defendant was therefore left in a position of having to decide which
of its payment claims, PC3R or PC4, it wished to proceed with to adjudication.
It made that election on 17 January 2015 by serving a notice on PC4 under s
13(2). It should be noted that as a precursor to that notice, by an email
dated 16 January 2015, the Defendant wrote to the Plaintiff to notify that it
would be proceeding on PC4 because of the alleged representation of the
Plaintiff’s general manager in December 2014\. This email was not in evidence.
Even if it was, it would have made no difference because the Plaintiff had
made its position quite clear that PC4 was being challenged as well.

115 Having made the election on 17 January 2015, the Defendant had to stand or
fall by the same. The adjudication process under the Act had been initiated.
The fact that the Plaintiff wrote on 20 January 2015 reiterating that PC4 was
invalid as PC3R had not been withdrawn did not advance the Defendant’s cause
at all. The Defendant’s argument that this came after the time for applying
for adjudication on PC3R had expired forgets two facts. First, this letter did
nothing more than reiterate the position in the 9 January letter. Secondly,
the Defendant had elected to proceed with PC4 on 17 January 2015 in full
knowledge of the challenge that was being made to the same in the 9 January
letter. There was simply no basis for the Defendant to argue that it was led
into believing that PC4 would not be challenged. The Defendant chose its own
path knowing full well that it was fraught with the danger and pitfalls of a
jurisdictional challenge. Unfortunately it did not choose wisely. The facts do
not provide any sustenance for the Defendant’s further arguments.

116 In conclusion, I found that the evidence did not suggest that the
Plaintiff approbated and reprobated on the validity of PC3R. In fact, they
point to the contrary conclusion. Even if they did, such conduct could not in
my view result in jurisdiction being conferred on the Adjudicator to hear the
Application.

Conclusion

117 For the above reasons, I allowed the present application with costs fixed
at $5,000 inclusive of disbursements for the first round of hearings and
$2,500 inclusive of disbursements for the hearing involving the further
arguments.

Annex 1

NSWA |  The Act or the Regulations  
---|---  
**Section 4** “**payment claim** ” means a claim referred to in section 13. … … “**progress payment** ” means a payment to which a person is entitled under section 8, and includes (without affecting any such entitlement):  (a) the final payment for construction work carried out (or for related goods and services supplied) under a construction contract, or (b) a single or one-off payment for carrying out construction work (or for supplying related goods and services) under a construction contract, or (c) a payment that is based on an event or date (known in the building and construction industry as a "milestone payment"). |  **Section 2** “payment claim” means a claim made by a claimant for a progress payment under section 10… … “progress payment” means a payment to which a person is entitled for the carrying out of construction work, or the supply of goods or services, under a contract, and includes — (a) a single or one-off payment; or (b) a payment that is based on an event or a date…  
**Section 8** **Rights to progress payments** (1) On and from each reference date under a construction contract, a person:  (a) who has undertaken to carry out construction work under the contract, or (b) who has undertaken to supply related goods and services under the contract, is entitled to a progress payment. (2) In this section, **“reference date”** , in relation to a construction contract, means:  (a) a date determined by or in accordance with the terms of the contract as the date on which a claim for a progress payment may be made in relation to work carried out or undertaken to be carried out (or related goods and services supplied or undertaken to be supplied) under the contract, or (b) if the contract makes no express provision with respect to the matter--the last day of the named month in which the construction work was first carried out (or the related goods and services were first supplied) under the contract and the last day of each subsequent named month. |  **Section 5** **Entitlement to progress payments** **5.** Any person who has carried out any construction work, or supplied any goods or services, under a contract is entitled to a progress payment. [See also s 10(2) and reg 5(1) below]  
**Section 13** **Payment claims** (1) A person referred to in section 8 (1) who is or who claims to be entitled to a progress payment (the **“claimant”**) may serve a payment claim on the person who, under the construction contract concerned, is or may be liable to make the payment. (2) A payment claim:  (a) must identify the construction work (or related goods and services) to which the progress payment relates, and (b) must indicate the amount of the progress payment that the claimant claims to be due (the **"claimed amount"**), and (c) if the construction contract is connected with an exempt residential construction contract, must state that it is made under this Act. … (4) A payment claim may be served only within:  (a) the period determined by or in accordance with the terms of the construction contract, or (b) the period of 12 months after the construction work to which the claim relates was last carried out (or the related goods and services to which the claim relates were last supplied), whichever is the later. (5) A claimant cannot serve more than one payment claim in respect of each reference date under the construction contract. (6) However, subsection (5) does not prevent the claimant from including in a payment claim an amount that has been the subject of a previous claim. … |  **Section 10** **Payment claims** **10.** —(1) A claimant may serve one payment claim in respect of a progress payment on — (a) one or more other persons who, under the contract concerned, is or may be liable to make the payment; or (b) such other person as specified in or identified in accordance with the terms of the contract for this purpose. (2) A payment claim shall be served — (a) at such time as specified in or determined in accordance with the terms of the contract; or (b) where the contract does not contain such provision, at such time as may be prescribed. (3) A payment claim — (a) shall state the claimed amount, calculated by reference to the period to which the payment claim relates; and (b) shall be made in such form and manner, and contain such other information or be accompanied by such documents, as may be prescribed. (4) Nothing in subsection (1) shall prevent the claimant from including, in a payment claim in which a respondent is named, an amount that was the subject of a previous payment claim served in relation to the same contract which has not been paid by the respondent if, and only if, the first-mentioned payment claim is served within 6 years after the construction work to which the amount in the secondmentioned payment claim relates was last carried out, or the goods or services to which the amount in the second-mentioned payment claim relates were last supplied, as the case may be. **Regulation 5(1)** **Payment claims** 5.—(1) Where a contract does not contain any provision specifying the time at which a payment claim shall be served or by which such time may be determined, then a payment claim made under the contract shall be served by the last day of each month following the month in which the contract is made.  
  
  

Annex 2 – Other standard form clauses resembling cl 21(a)

Standard forms for main contracts

Clause 31(2) of the Articles and Conditions of Building Contract (Lump Sum
Contract, 9th Edition)

31(2)(a) The Contractor shall be entitled to serve on the Employer a payment
claim (a copy of which shall be forwarded to the Architect) as follows:

(i) where pursuant to Sub-Clause (1)(b) hereof, the interim payment is to be
based on periodic valuation, the Contractor shall submit the payment claim on
the last day of each month following the month in which the Contract is made
(or otherwise by such time or on such day specified in the Appendix): or

(ii) where pursuant to Sub-Clause (1)(a) hereof, the interim payment is to be
by stage instalments, on the completion of the relevant stage.

Clause 32.1 of the Public Sector Standard Conditions of Contract for
Construction Works 2014

32.1 Payment Claims

(1) The Contractor shall submit to the Employer (with a copy to the
Superintending Officer), at monthly intervals (on the day of each month
specified by the Superintending Officer following the month in which the
Contract is made), a claim for payment (hereafter referred to as the “Payment
Claim”) in such form as the Superintending Officer may from time to time
prescribe. For the purposes of payment claims made under this Clause, the
Payment Claim shall have the same meaning ascribed in the Building and
Construction Industry Security of Payment Act (hereafter referred to as the
“Act”).

Standard forms for sub-contracts

Clause 14.4 of the Conditions of Sub-Contract for use in conjunction with the
Main Contract (Lump Sum Contract and Measurement Contract, 8th and 9th
Edition) (Sub-Contract, 4th Edition)

14.4(a) The Sub-Contractor shall be entitled to serve on the Contractor a
payment claim as follows:

(i) where pursuant to Sub-Clause 1(a) hereof, the interim payment is to be
based on periodic valuation, the Sub-Contractor shall submit the payment claim
on the last day) of each month following the month in which this Sub-Contract
is made: or

(ii) where pursuant to Sub-Clause 1(b) hereof, the interim payment is to be by
stage instalments, on the completion of the relevant stage."

Clause 27(1) of the Standard Conditions of Nominated Sub-Contract 2008 for use
in conjunction with the Public Sector Standard Conditions of Contract for
Construction Works 2008

17(1) The Sub-Contractor shall submit to the Contractor, at monthly intervals
(on the day of each month specified by the Contractor following the month in
which the Sub-Contract is made), a claim for payment (hereafter referred to as
“Payment Claim”). For the purposes of payment claims made under this Clause,
the Payment Claim shall have the same meaning ascribed in the Building and
Construction Industry Security of Payment Act (hereafter referred to as the
“Act”). The Payment Claim shall be made in compliance with the requirements of
the Act and shall show the amounts (hereafter referred to as the “Claimed
Amount”) to which the Sub-Contractor considers himself to be entitled up to
the last day of the monthly interval in question in respect of the value:-

(a) of the Sub-Contract Works; and

(b) of any variations authorized under and all other amounts due under the
Sub-Contract; and

(c) of the Plant, materials, goods and articles delivered upon the Site for
use in the Sub-Contract Works.

…

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 27 Oct 2015 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

