Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Bumi Geo Engineering Pte Ltd _v_ Civil Tech Pte Ltd  
[2015] SGHC 261

Case Number| :| Suit No 803 of 2013  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 12 October 2015  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Lee Seiu Kin J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Raj Singh Shergill (Lee Shergill LLP) for the plaintiff;
Tan Tian Luh and Lin Zixian (Chancery Law Corporation) for the defendant.  
Parties| :|  Bumi Geo Engineering Pte Ltd — Civil Tech Pte Ltd  
  
12 October 2015| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Lee Seiu Kin J:

Introduction

1 This is a dispute arising out of payment for work done under a construction
sub-contract.

Background

2 In early 2010, the defendant appointed the plaintiff as its subcontractor to
carry out ground improvement works by jet grout pile (“JGP”) method in the
project titled proposed common services tunnel (CST) at Downtown Marina Bay
(“the MC01 Project”). The plaintiff was to install JGP columns with pre-set
nominal widths at specified treatment depths, and would be paid $92 for every
cubic metre of soil treated.

3 Significantly, this was not the first time the parties had dealt with each
other. Prior to the MC01 Project, the parties had worked on a project known as
“Proposed Construction of C482 Marina Coastal Expressway Marina South –
Section 1” (“the C482 Project”).

4 By way of background, the JGP process is a method of soil treatment
involving the mixing of cement grout into soil so that the resultant cemented
soil forms a stable mass that can support any structure above it, or form an
impermeable layer against water ingress. The process is carried out in the
following manner. A surveyor marks out the points at which JGP columns are to
be installed. At each point, the JGP machine drills a hole to the required
depth using a rod. Water is then injected at very high pressure through the
rotating rod. This water pre-cutting erodes a circular area of the soil and
this is followed by injection of cement grout. The rod is retracted at a
predetermined rate so that a vertical cylinder of cemented soil to the
required diameter and depth is left behind. The installation of multiple
overlapping columns will eventually produce an entire concrete block of
cemented soil. The overlaps between the columns ensure that there are no
pockets of untreated soil.

5 The volume of soil treated by the installation of the first JGP column would
be the area of the circular cross section of the column multiplied by its
length. This is the volume of the whole column, or nominal volume. The volume
of the JGP column installed next to this first one will be less than the
nominal volume. Once the first JGP column has cured, it will not be displaced
by the installation of an adjacent column. Therefore, the volume of soil
treated in the second JGP column will be less than the nominal volume to the
extent of the overlap of the two circles. Similarly a third column would be
reduced by two overlaps, and so on. A further complication arises where a JGP
column abuts sheet piles. These form a barrier to the soil treatment and the
treatment would not go beyond the sheet piles. A JGP column abutting sheet
piles would therefore treat a smaller volume of soil than the nominal volume.

6 The contract between the parties called for payment of $92 per cubic metre
of soil treated. In this suit, the defendant’s position was that payment would
be based on the actual volume of soil treated and any overlap, whether with a
neighbouring JGP column or with sheet piles, would not be counted as otherwise
there would be payment for untreated soil. The plaintiff’s position was that
the overlaps should be rounded to a 10% deduction based on the nominal volumes
of all JGP columns installed, and alternatively, that an 18% deduction should
be used.

The payment dispute

7 The contractual works were completed on 24 April 2012. Upon completion, the
plaintiff requested for the final account and release of retention monies.

8 On the morning of 21 January 2013, the defendant put out a Statement of
Final Accounts (“1SOFA”) that valued the plaintiff’s work at $2,419,789.61.
1SOFA was prepared on the basis of a 17% deduction per column (_ie_ ,
regardless of actual overlaps). After deducting back charges of $378,832.87
and previous payments of $1,841,920.64, 1SOFA indicated that an outstanding
balance of $199,036.10 was due to the plaintiff.

9 Some six hours later, the defendant produced a revised Statement of Final
Account (“2SOFA”), which valued the plaintiff’s work at $1,924,462.58. 2SOFA
was purportedly prepared on the basis of the volume of the JGP columns
installed by the plaintiff, nett of the actual overlaps (_ie_ , not a fixed
deduction). After deducting back charges and previous payments, the revised
document showed a negative balance (_ie_ , an overpayment) of $296,290.93.

10 The plaintiff accepted the deductions made by the defendant for back
charges. However, it disputed the defendant’s valuation of the work done.
According to the plaintiff, the correct valuation of the works was
$2,670,818.74. This figure translated to an unpaid balance of $481,569.80 due
to the plaintiff, after accounting for the back charges and previous payments.
The plaintiff’s valuation was derived by deducting 10% (a fixed percentage)
from the nominal volume of the JGP columns installed by the plaintiff, and
multiplying that figure by the unit rate of $92 per cubic metre.

11 On 9 September 2013, the plaintiff commenced the present action, claiming
the unpaid value of its works. On 17 October 2013, the defendant filed its
defence and counterclaimed for $62,886.07 for overpayment to the plaintiff,
and $55,348.40 for outstanding machinery rental incurred by the plaintiff. The
plaintiff admitted liability for the outstanding machinery rental.

12 Up to this point, the plaintiff was relying on its valuation of
$2,670,818.74 (after applying the 10% fixed deduction). The defendant had at
various points, produced different valuations:

(a) 21 January 2013 (at 10.25a.m.): $2,419,789.61.

(b) 22 January 2013 (at 4.27p.m.): $1,924,462.58.

(c) 17 October 2013: $2,157,867.44.

The versions of the Agreement

13 There are two versions of the contract, one produced by each party, with
slightly different terms.

14 In the plaintiff’s version (“the Plaintiff’s Contract”), the term “triangle
grid spacing” is used in item 2 of Appendix A – Schedule of Prices, as
follows:

2\. Supply and install nominal 1600mm, 1800mm & 2000mm diameter with _triangle
grid spacing_ to the required treatment depth as per Civil Tech’s Consultant
design and drawing (quantities are provisional).

[emphasis added]

15 In the defendant’s version (“the Defendant’s Contract”), the term “triangle
grid spacing” is not used. Item 2 of Appendix A – Schedule of Prices in the
Defendant’s Contract states as follows:

2\. Supply & install jet grout piles, drilling commencing from existing ground
level to required design depth varies from 17 to 36m, treatment depth varies
from 1.5 to 4m, all in accordance to Specification and drawing (_Quantity
shall measure nett on as-built drawing)_

[emphasis added]

16 There are two issues to be determined to resolve the dispute between the
parties:

(a) Whether the Plaintiff’s Contract or the Defendant’s Contract represented
the final agreement between the parties.

(b) How the plaintiff’s work should be measured.

Which version is the binding contract

17 The parties agree that there was an earlier version of the agreement and
that it was revised at an unascertained date. This revised version constituted
the contract between them. The sole question is whether this was the
Plaintiff’s Contract or the Defendant’s Contract.

18 The plaintiff’s sole witness was Chim Chee Kan (“Mr Chim”) who was its
executive director at the material time. He testified that he went to the
defendant’s office and was provided with the Defendant’s Contract in
duplicate. He proceeded to sign the acceptance page of both copies. He then
affixed the plaintiff’s company stamp on every page of the document and
initialled each page of it, starting from the last page and proceeding to the
first. However he stopped initialling midway as he noticed terms that were not
in order. He requested for amendments to be made and returned the duplicates
to Dora Tay (“Ms Tay”), the defendant’s contracts manager. He testified that
it was this amended version, which is the Plaintiff’s Contract, that was the
one that the parties had agreed to.

19 The defendant takes a diametrically opposite position. The defendant
submits that the Defendant’s Contract reflects the final agreement between the
parties. The defendant’s project director at the material time, Chua Thing
Chong (“Mr Chua”) testified that, he re-read the Plaintiff’s Contract sometime
after the document was signed by all the relevant parties. It was at this
point that he realised Appendix A – Schedule of Prices of the Plaintiff’s
Contract did not provide that the plaintiff would be paid on the basis of nett
treated volume, as was agreed between the parties. Thus, he instructed Ms Tay
to amend the Plaintiff’s Contract, and the Defendant’s Contract was the
product of this amendment.

Decision

20 After careful consideration of the evidence of the witnesses, I am
satisfied that the Plaintiff’s Contract had come later in time. Unlike Mr
Chua’s account which appears to be largely uncorroborated, I find Mr Chim’s
account of events to be largely consistent with the contemporaneous evidence.
I set out my reasons below.

Versions of the Defendant’s Contract

21 I note that the defendant had produced two different copies of the
Defendant’s Contract _ie_ , with slight differences in the placement of the
signatures and company stamps on each copy. This indicates that the defendant
had retained both copies of the Defendant’s Contract after they were signed.
This means that a copy of the Defendant’s Contract was not handed to the
plaintiff, which is consistent with the plaintiff’s position that this was not
the final version of the contract between them because if it was, then the
defendant would not be in possession of both copies as one would be handed to
the plaintiff. Indeed in both versions of the contract it is stated that “the
duplicate copy is for [the subcontractor’s] retention”. I further note that
this part of the evidence appears to corroborate another aspect of Mr Chim’s
evidence – his claim that he had returned to the defendant the duplicates of
the Defendant’s Contract for amendments to be made.

Discrepancies between both versions of the contract

22 I shall now proceed to examine other relevant discrepancies between both
versions of the contract.

Missing initials

23 The parties had a practice of initialling every page of contracts, aside
from the enclosures. The clearest evidence of this practice may be found in
the main body of the Plaintiff’s Contract which bears the initials of Mr Chim,
Mr Chua and Mr Tan Hang Meng (“Mr Tan”), the defendant’s managing director. In
contrast, some of these initials were conspicuously absent from the main body
of the Defendant’s Contract. Although Mr Tan’s full signature appeared near
the end of the main body of the Defendant’s Contract, his initials were
missing from the rest of the document. It is also significant to note that Mr
Chim’s initials were also missing from the first five pages of the Defendant’s
Contract.

24 On balance, I find that the missing initials lend credence to Mr Chim’s
account of events. The absence of Mr Chim’s initials on the first five pages
of the Defendant’s Contract is consistent with his evidence that he started
initialling the document from back to front, but stopped when he realised that
the terms of the Defendant’s Contract were not in order.

25 The defendant, on the other hand, was unable to discredit Mr Chim’s account
of events. Mr Chua sought to downplay the significance of the missing initials
and insisted that the Defendant’s Contract was valid notwithstanding the
missing initials since the “crucial part” of the document _ie_ , the
acknowledgement and acceptance page, was signed. This argument clearly misses
the point. The crux of the dispute is whether the Plaintiff’s Contract or the
Defendant’s Contract evidences the final agreement between the parties. The
fact that the acknowledgement and acceptance page of the Defendant’s Contract
was signed does not solve the conundrum since the same could be said for the
Plaintiff’s Contract.

26 Although Mr Chua also attempted to explain the absence of Mr Tan’s initial
by suggesting that the latter might have been too busy to initial the
Defendant’s Contract given the company’s phenomenal growth from a $10mcompany
to a $400m company within two years, his explanation did not stand scrutiny
because Mr Tan had time to initial the Plaintiff’s Contract as well as the
contract for the C482 Project. This fact is certainly more consistent with the
plaintiff’s position than that of the defendant.

Numbering of sub-clauses in cl 2

27 The defendant took pains to stress that the sub-clauses in cl 2 of the
Defendant’s Contract were logically numbered whereas the same clauses in the
Plaintiff’s Contract were not. The defendant asserted that it would be
illogical that the contract would have been re-numbered in the manner shown in
the Plaintiff’s Contract.

28 I am not persuaded by this argument as it does not unequivocally lead to
the conclusion that the Defendant’s Contract came later in time. It is equally
possible that the numbering was disrupted when the Plaintiff’s Contract was
amended to the Defendant’s Contract. I do not think that this point favours
one version over the other.

Adverse inference for failing to call Ms Tay

29 The reasons given above are sufficient to support a finding that the
Plaintiff’s Contract came later in time. However I would like to also address
the plaintiff’s argument that an adverse inference should be drawn against the
defendant for failing to call Ms Tay and Mr Tan as witnesses at the trial.
According to the plaintiff, Ms Tay is the person who would be in the best
position to clarify matters such as the date on which the contract was amended
and identify the version of the contract that evidences the final agreement
between the parties, whereas Mr Tan would be best placed to explain why,
contrary to what he did for previous contracts, he did not put his initials on
the Defendant’s Contract.

30 The defendant counters this submission by contending that the issue of
contract amendment only arose during the trial and prior to that, it was not
possible to tell that Ms Tay’s evidence would be relevant. However, there was
no explanation offered for Mr Tan’s absence.

31 I am of the view that an adverse inference should be drawn against the
defendant for failing to call Ms Tay as a witness. However, it is not
appropriate to do the same for the defendant’s failure to call Mr Tan.

32 In the process of litigation, parties have the prerogative to call all
witnesses they deem necessary to advance their case. While they may elect not
to exercise this prerogative, the court is entitled to presume that “evidence
which could be and is not produced would if produced be unfavourable to the
person who withholds it”. According to Newton and Norris JJ in _O’Donnell v
Reichard_ [1975] VR 916 at 929:

[W]here a party without explanation fails to call as a witness a person whom
he might reasonably be expected to call, if that person’s evidence would be
favourable to him, then, although the jury may not treat as evidence what they
may as a matter of speculation think that person would have said if he had
been called as a witness, nevertheless it is open to the jury to infer that
that person’s evidence would not have helped the party’s case; if the jury
draw that inference, then they may properly take it into account _against the
party in question_ for two purposes, namely: (a) in deciding whether to accept
any particular evidence, which has in fact been given, either for or against
that party, and which relates to a matter with respect to which the person not
called as a witness could have spoken; and (b) in deciding whether to draw
inferences of fact, which are open to them upon evidence which has been given,
again in relation to matters with respect to which the person not called as a
witness could have spoken. [emphasis in original]

33 In Singapore, the source of the court’s power to draw such an inference
lies in s 116(_g_) of the Evidence Act, which relevantly provides:

**Court may presume existence of certain fact**

116\. The court may presume the existence of any fact which it thinks likely
to have happened, regard being had to the common course of natural events,
human conduct, and public and private business, in their relation to the facts
of the particular case.

…

(_g_) that evidence which could be and is not produced would if produced be
unfavourable to the person who withholds it;

34 In _Cheong Ghim Fah and another v Murugian s/o Rangasamy_ [2004] 1 SLR(R)
628 at [42], V K Rajah JC endorsed the following principles laid down by the
English Court of Appeal in _Wisniewski v Central Manchester Health Authority_
[1998] 5 PIQR 324:

(1) In certain circumstances a court may be entitled to draw adverse
inferences from the absence or silence of a witness who might be expected to
have material evidence to give on an issue in an action.

(2) If a court is willing to draw such inferences, they may go to strengthen
the evidence adduced on that issue by the other party or to weaken the
evidence, if any, adduced by the party who might reasonably have been expected
to call the witness.

(3) There must, however, have been some evidence, however weak, adduced by the
former on the matter in question before the court is entitled to draw the
desired inference: in other words, there must be a case to answer on that
issue.

(4) If the reason for the witness’s absence or silence satisfies the court,
then no such adverse inference may be drawn. If, on the other hand, there is
some credible explanation given, even if it is not wholly satisfactory, the
potentially detrimental effect of his/her absence or silence may be reduced or
nullified.

[_per_ Brooke LJ]

35 Before an adverse inference may be drawn against a party for the absence of
a material witness, the court must be satisfied of the availability and
materiality of the evidence. I am of the view that both elements are satisfied
_vis-à-vis_ Ms Tay for the following reasons:

(a) Availability: Under cross-examination, Mr Chua said that Ms Tay remained
in the employ of the defendant company. He did not say that she was
unavailable.

(b) Materiality: Ms Tay is the key person to shed light on the circumstances
surrounding the signing of the contract. The failure to call her as a witness
resulted in the situation in which neither party could tell the court when
exactly the contract was signed or amended.

36 That said, I am not sufficiently convinced about the materiality of the
evidence that Mr Tan would have given, had he been called to testify at the
trial. Apart from the act of signing and/or initialling the contract, there is
no suggestion by the parties that Mr Tan’s evidence would have been material
to the other issues at the trial. The only real reason to call him as a
witness would be to clarify why he did not initial on all the pages of the
Defendant’s Contract when he had done so for the Plaintiff’s Contract. His
evidence appears to be of limited relevance. This is rather unlike the
situation _vis-à-vis_ Ms Tay who was personally involved in the preparation
and drafting of the contract.

37 In view of the above, the adverse inference drawn against the defendant for
failing to call Ms Tay added another string to the plaintiff’s evidential bow.
For completeness, I would like to address a few other points raised by the
defendant which I considered and rejected.

Additional observations

Project manager

38 The defendant contends that Mr Ong Kok Peng’s (“Mr Ong”)designation as the
project manager in the Defendant’s Contract suggests that the Defendant’s
Contract came later in time. The Plaintiff’s Contract states that Gan Kok
Leong (“Mr Gan”) was the project manager, whereas Defendant’s Contract states
Mr Ong as the project manager. According to the affidavits of Mr Chua and Mr
Ong, Mr Ong was eventually appointed the project manager of MC01 Project
around July 2010, to replace the original project manager, Mr Gan, who was
reassigned. Therefore, the defendant argues that this factor alone shows that
Defendant’s Contract came later in time because it reflects an accurate update
as to the identity of the project manager.

39 I am not convinced. _First_ , there is no clear evidence that Mr Ong was
appointed the project manager of MC01 Project around July 2010; the objective
evidence showed that Mr Ong was only appointed the project manager around July
2011. Mr Ong testified that he was appointed the project manager around July
2011. This is borne out by the documentary evidence since he was only
reflected as the project manager in payment certificates issued after July
2011.

40 _Second_ , it is impossible to draw the conclusion that the Plaintiff’s
Contract was amended to reflect Mr Ong’s updated designation. On the
defendant’s own case, the contract was amended somewhere between late June
2010 (when the first interim valuation was issued) and October 2010 (when the
second interim valuation was issued). Thus, the amendment would have come
quite a long way before Mr Ong was actually appointed the project manager.

41 In this regard, it is equally important to note that the last payment
certificate, as well as 1SOFA and 2SOFA, were signed by Mr Gan because Mr Ong
was later reassigned to another project. If anything, this goes to show that
there may be multiple changes of project managers over the course of one
project. Thus, Mr Ong’s designation in the Defendant’s Contract and his
subsequent assignment as the project manager could be a mere factual
coincidence. Seen in that light, the significance of Mr Ong’s designation in
the Defendant’s Contract is greatly reduced.

Removal of “quantity shall measure nett on as-built drawing”

42 The defendant argues that since the phrase “quantity shall measure nett on
as-built drawing” was more favourable to the defendant, it is inherently
illogical that Mr Chua would have amended the Defendant’s Contract to remove
those words. However the same could be said about the Plaintiff’s Contract.
Since the plaintiff claims that the term “triangle grid spacing” favoured its
claim, it would be similarly illogical for the plaintiff to agree to an
amended contract that omits that term. Thus, the defendant’s argument is
essentially self-serving and devoid of merit.

43 Looking at the matter in the round, whilst there are indeed shortcomings in
the plaintiff’s evidence, there remains sufficient evidence to show on a
balance of probabilities that the Plaintiff’s Contract came later in time, and
therefore documented the final agreement between the parties.

How the contract should be interpreted

44 To re-cap, following from my finding that the Plaintiff’s Contract
evidences the final agreement between the parties, it leaves to be determined
the method of measuring the work done by the plaintiff. The parties agree that
the final sub-contract sum shall be ascertained by re-measurement based on
approved _as-built drawings_. This is provided for in cl 2.3 of both versions
of the contract.

Adequacy of plaintiff’s pleadings

45 Before delving into the parties’ submissions proper, I shall deal with the
defendant’s preliminary objections to the plaintiff’s case. The main thrust of
the defendant’s objections is that the fixed deductions of 5.77%, 10% and 18%
were never pleaded.

46 Pleadings serve to define the dispute between parties: _Bullen & Leake and
Jacob’s Precedents of Pleadings_ (Sweet & Maxwell, 17th Ed, 2012) vol 1, para
1-01. The function of pleadings have been summarised by the High Court of
Australia in _Dare v Pulham_ (1982) 148 CLR 658 (at p 664):

Pleadings and particulars have a number of functions: they furnish a statement
of the case sufficiently clear to allow the other party a fair opportunity to
meet it (_Gould and Birbeck and Bacon v. Mount Oxide Mines Ltd. (In liq.)_
[(1916) 22 CLR 490, at p 517]; they define the issues for decision in the
litigation and thereby enable the relevance and admissibility of evidence to
be determined at the trial (_Miller v. Cameron_ [(1936) 54 CLR 572], at pp
576-577; and they give a defendant an understanding of a plaintiff's claim in
aid of the defendant's right to make a payment into court. …

47 In _NEC Semi-Conductors Ltd v The Commissioners for Her Majesty's Revenue
and Customs_ [2006] EWCA Civ 25, Mummery LJ added a further gloss to the issue
(at [131]:

While it is good sense not to be pernickety about pleadings, the basic
requirement that material facts should be pleaded is there for a good
reason—so that the other side can respond to the pleaded case by way of
admission or denial of facts, thereby defining the issues for decision for the
benefit of the parties and the court. Proper pleading of the material facts is
essential for the orderly progress of the case and for its sound
determination. The definition of the issues has an impact on such important
matters as disclosure of relevant documents and the relevant oral evidence to
be adduced at trial. In my view, the fact that the nature of the grievance may
be obvious to the respondent or that the respondent can ask for further
information to be supplied by the claimant are not normally valid excuses for
a claimant’s failure to formulate and serve a properly pleaded case setting
out the material facts in support of the cause of action. …

48 As pleadings form the backbone of a litigation, parties are strictly bound
by their pleadings and the court may not decide on issues not raised therein:
_Kiaw Aik Hang Co Ltd v Tan Tien Choy_ [1964] MLJ 99. Moreover, the
deficiencies in pleadings may not be made good by affidavit evidence or other
forms of evidence: Jeffrey Pinsler, _Supreme Court Practice 2014_ vol 1 (Lexis
Nexis 2014) at para 18/19/4.

49 More recently, in _Sembcorp Marine Ltd v PPL Holdings Pte Ltd and another
and another appeal_ [2013] 4 SLR 193 (at [73]), the Court of Appeal
highlighted the significance of proper pleadings where parties attempt to
introduce contextual evidence to construe a contract.

… Therefore, to buttress the evidentiary qualifications to the contextual
approach to the construction of a contract, the imposition of four
requirements of civil procedure are, in our view, timely and essential:

(a) first, parties who contend that the factual matrix is relevant to the
construction of the contract must plead with specificity each fact of the
factual matrix that they wish to rely on in support of their construction of
the contract;

(b) second, the factual circumstances in which the facts in (a) were known to
both or all the relevant parties must also be pleaded with sufficient
particularity;

(c) third, parties should in their pleadings specify the effect which such
facts will have on their contended construction; and

(d) fourth, the obligation of parties to disclose evidence would be limited by
the extent to which the evidence are relevant to the facts pleaded in (a) and
(b).

Fixed deduction of 5.77%

50 In the statement of claim, the plaintiff pleaded that the “nett volume of
each triangle grid” (the “triangle grid method”) was to be used to compute the
work done by the plaintiff, and that the method was borne out by the course of
dealing between the parties as well as industry norms. However, the statement
of claim did not define the triangle grid method, and did not plead the
quantity of work done. These details were only provided in the reply dated 8
November 2013 in the following manner:

(a) In Annex B of the reply, the plaintiff alluded to a 5.77% deduction by
setting out an area ratio of 94.23%.

(b) At para 49 of the reply, the plaintiff stated the total quantity of work
done to be 27, 943.682 cubic metres.

51 The defendant argues that the plaintiff has failed to plead the fundamental
basis of its claim, and that this deficiency is fatal to the plaintiff’s
claim. To this end, the defendant cites the Court of Appeal decision in _Romar
Positioning Equipment Pte Ltd v Merriwa Nominees Pty Ltd_ [2004] 4 SLR(R) 574
(“ _Romar Positioning_ ”) for the proposition that the reply cannot be used to
supplement the statement of claim.

52 I do not accept the defendant’s contention. Whilst parties may not raise
new claims in the reply, the rule does not go so far as to prevent a party
from further particularising or supplementing a point that has been raised in
a previous pleading. The general rule is that a party may plead any matter
which has arisen at any time, whether before or since the issue of the writ: O
18 r 9 of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2014 Rev Ed)(“ROC”). However, this
right is qualified by O 18 r 10(1) of the ROC which provides:

A party shall not in any pleading make an allegation of fact, or raise any new
ground or claim, _inconsistent_ with a previous pleading of his.

[emphasis added]

53 In the present case, the plaintiff did not seek to introduce an
inconsistent plea in the reply. What it did was to particularise the triangle
grid method which was pleaded in the statement of claim.

54 Furthermore, the case of _Romar Positioning_ does not quite assist the
defendant. The circumstances in that case were very different. The respondent
included, in its amended reply, a position that was diametrically opposite to
that adopted in its statement of claim. On that basis, the Court of Appeal
found that the respondent had introduced an inconsistent plea which should
have been made in the alternative in the statement of claim.

55 Since the plaintiff was entitled to supplement the statement of claim in
the reply, the failure to mention the 5.77% deduction in the statement of
claim is not fatal to its case.

Fixed deductions of 10% and 18%

56 I am of the view that the plaintiff is not entitled to rely on the
deductions of 10% and 18% because these percentages were not included in its
pleadings. It is trite that deficient pleadings may not be cured by the
evidence in an affidavit and other form. This point is made abundantly clear
in _Abdul Latif bin Mohammed Tahiar (trading as Canary Agencies) v Saeed
Husain s/o Hakim Gulam Mohiudin (trading as United Limousine)_ [2003] 2 SLR(R)
61 MPH Rubin J said (at [7]):

… It is a settled principle of law that parties stand by their pleaded case
and any defect in the pleadings cannot be cured by any averments in
affidavits, let alone an oblique reference in counsel’s closing speech …

57 Although the plaintiff claims to have pleaded an estoppel on the basis of
an 18% deduction, it clearly did not do so. The relevant parts of the
statement of claim read as follows:

10 … The Plaintiffs aver that each payment invoiced was without exception
certified as due and owing by the Project Quantity Surveyor, and/or Manager,
and/or Director on the basis that the Plaintiffs were, pursuant to the terms
of the Sub-Contract Agreement, entitled to payment to be computed according to
the _volume of each triangle grid_ as opposed to the volume of the total
treated area. The Plaintiffs will further aver that the Defendants are in the
premises, estopped from denying that the payment was to be computed on that
basis. _Further or in the alternative, the Plaintiffs plead an estoppel by
convention arises [sic] in this regard_.

11 The Plaintiffs will further place reliance on the previous course of
dealing between the parties and the industry norms to aver that the Sub-
Contract Agreement referred to costing on the basis of _nett volume of each
triangle grid_.

[emphasis added]

58 As is clear from above, the pleaded estoppel pertained only to the triangle
grid method, which according to the plaintiff, entails a 5.77% deduction. In
the course of the trial the plaintiff realised its pleadings were deficient in
relation to the 10% and 18% deductions and applied to amend its statement of
claim to include these percentages. However that application was withdrawn in
the face of objections from the defendant. In my view, there is no pleading
that states the plaintiff’s alternative case of 10% and 18% deductions.
Therefore the plaintiff is not entitled to any findings in this regard
whatever the state of the evidence.

59 On a related note, the plaintiff attempts to rely on the same estoppel
argument as a defence to the counterclaim. However, since the point has not
been pleaded in the statement of claim _or_ the reply, the plaintiff may not
rely on it.

60 I accept that the court is free to depart from the pleaded meanings to
construe the contract since an objective interpretation of a contractual term
“is quite different from listening to the parties’ version of what they each
meant”: _Quainoo v NZ Breweries Ltd_ [1991] 1 NZLR 161 at 165, line 18.
However, parties are not permitted to put forth a case that is clearly
inconsistent with its pleaded case.

61 In view of my findings, the only issues that fall to be determined are as
follows:

(a) whether, upon a proper construction of the contract, the parties intended
to adopt the triangle grid method (_ie_ , 5.77% deduction) or the treated area
method to compute work done by the plaintiff; or

(b) whether the defendant is estopped by convention from denying that the
triangle grid method (_ie_ , 5.77% deduction) applies to compute work done by
the plaintiff.

Measurement of the plaintiff’s work

62 The modern starting point of contractual interpretation may be found in
Lord Hoffmann’s statement in _Investors Compensation Scheme Ltd v West
Bromwich Building Society_ [1998] 1 WLR 896 (at 912H) that:

Interpretation is the ascertainment of the meaning which the document would
convey to a reasonable person having all the background knowledge which would
reasonably have been available to the parties in the situation in which they
were at the time of the contract.

63 The court has no power to improve upon the instrument which it is called
upon to construe, whether it be a contract, a statute or articles of
association. It naturally follows that the court may not introduce terms to
make the contract fairer or more reasonable: _Attorney General of Belize and
others v Belize Telecom Ltd and another_ [2009] 1 WLR 1988 at [16].

64 Contractual terms must be construed in the light of the _context_ in which
they were drafted. The relevance of the context cannot be overstated. As
stated by Lord Hoffmann in _Kirin-Amgen Inc v Hoechst Marion Roussel Ltd_
[2005] RPC 169 at [64]:

No one has ever made an acontextual statement. There is always some context to
any utterance, however meagre.

However, as I have earlier observed (at [49]), such contextual evidence may
only be introduced if it has been properly pleaded.

5.77% deduction

65 The sub-contract sum is derived from the product of the agreed unit rate
and the quantity of work done.

(a) _Agreed unit rate_ : The parties agree that the unit rate was fixed at $92
per cubic metre. The issue of “per cubic metre” of what is addressed in (b)
below.

(b) _Quantity of work done_ : The parties also agree that the quantum of work
done was to be ascertained through re-measurement on the basis of information
provided by approved _as-built drawings_. However, the parties disagree as to
how such re-measurement was to be carried out.

The plaintiff’s case

66 The plaintiff contends that the _triangle grid method_ was to be used to
account for the overlaps between the columns. A “triangle grid” refers to an
arrangement of JGP columns within a group such that the centres of three
adjacent circular piles form a triangle, as shown in the figure below:

![](data:image/png;base64,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)

67 In such a triangle grid (comprising only of three circles), there are
_three_ overlaps. This gives an average of one overlap per circle (and
consequently, per JGP column). This arrangement results mathematically in each
overlap area to be 5.77% (rounded to the nearest 0.01%) of the area of each
circle. On this basis, the plaintiff contends that 5.77% should be deducted
from the total nominal volume of the JGP columns installed by the plaintiff.

68 At the heart of the plaintiff’s case lies the term “triangle grid spacing”
which appears at Appendix A – Schedule of Prices of the Plaintiff’s Contract:

Supply and install nominal 1600mm, 1800mm & 2000mm diameter with _triangle
grid spacing_ to the required treatment depth as per Civil Tech’s Consultant
design and drawing (quantities are provisional).

[emphasis added]

The plaintiff contends that the term “triangle grid spacing” means a fixed
deduction of 5.77% per pile on the basis of the three column configuration
illustrated in [66] above. This means that the plaintiff was entitled to
payment for 94.23% of the nominal volume of its JGP columns.

69 According to the plaintiff, this interpretation of “triangle grid spacing”
is borne out by the _parties’ course of dealing_ and _industry norms_. To
establish course of dealing, the plaintiff relied on a previous contract
between the same parties. This was the contract dated 23 December 2009 for the
C482 Project. There, the same or similar terminology was employed, and the
plaintiff contends that it was clearly understood by parties to refer to
costing on the basis of the nett volume of each triangle grid.

70 The plaintiff brought in two expert witnesses to establish industry norms
with respect to the triangle grid method. The first, Mr Martin Anthony Riddett
(“Mr Riddett”) gave evidence that besides “a method of work, [the triangle
grid] can also be a reference for pricing purpose”. The second, Mr Er Murthy
Abhishek (“Mr Abhishek”) gave evidence that the triangle grid method is the
“most common method” of measurement.

The defendant’s case

71 The defendant contends that the triangle grid was a method of construction,
not a method used to calculate work done. _First_ , the defendant argues that
the triangle grid method does not make any allowance for actual further
overlaps that would occur in the course of construction. Since the triangle
grids will eventually form an entire concrete block, the assumption of one
overlap per JGP column is _inaccurate_. The defendant cites as example the
situation of seven interlocking JGP columns, as shown below:

![](data:image/png;base64,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)

72 In such a situation where Column X was installed after Columns 1–6, its
volume would be reduced by six times of 5.77%, _ie_ , approximately 34.6%. At
this point, it is worth noting that in the situation where there is a large
number of columns, there would be an average of three overlaps per column and
the reduction in volume for each column would be 3 x 5.77%, which works out to
17.3%. This figure is significant as it is close to the 18% deduction used by
the defendant in making progress payments to the plaintiff.

73 Besides that, the defendant asserts that the percentage to be deducted per
JGP column could go up to 53.2% in a case where the JGP column overlaps with
four other columns as well as sheet piles as shown in the diagram below.

![](data:image/png;base64,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)

74 _Second_ , the defendant contends that the triangle grid method fails to
account for situations where an equilateral triangle has not been formed _eg_
, where the three-pile group consists of one pile of a different diameter. The
formula operates on the assumption that the centres of the three columns form
an equilateral triangle.

75 Furthermore, the defendant stresses the fact that the 5.77% deduction was
never mentioned until 25 June 2012, after the plaintiff’s works were
completed. On 25 June 2012, Mr Chim sent Mr Ong an email that reads:

We refer to our meeting on the 22nd June 2012 at your site office.

We are pleased to attach the computation of effective area of treatment by JGP
method using triangle spacing as per our discussion last Friday.

We would like you to review the attachment and we can meet soon to finalized
[_sic_] the subcontract’s final account.

76 The defendant argues that the above email did not refer to any pre-existing
understanding of the triangle grid method, and that even then, it was not
obvious to a reader how the plaintiff was calculating its final claim.

77 In light of the aforementioned difficulties with the concept of the
triangle grid method, the defendant contends that the “nett volume of the
total treated area” should be preferred (“treated area method”). This method
takes into account the actual overlaps and deducts them from the nominal
volume of the JGP columns.

Decision

78 I do not accept that the plaintiff’s concept of the triangle grid method
was the contractually agreed method of re-measurement. Besides the inherent
problems with the triangle grid formula, I am of the view that the plaintiff’s
evidence failed to demonstrate credibly that the term “triangle grid spacing”
entailed the application of the triangle grid method.

79 _First_ , contrary to what the plaintiff alleged, the C482 Project had
nothing to do with the triangle grid method. In that project, the plaintiff
had consistently claimed on the basis of a 10% deduction but the defendant had
certified those claims on the basis of a 17%–18% deduction. It should be noted
this is close to the figure of 17.3%, which is the average deduction per pile
in the situation where a large number of piles are installed using the
“triangle grid spacing” set out in the MC01 Project.

80 _Second_ , the plaintiff’s expert failed to cast light on any industry
practice with respect to the triangle grid method. Mr Abhishek made an
_unsubstantiated_ claim that the triangle grid method was the “most common
method” of re-measurement. He did not cite in support of his opinion any
related literature, industry guidelines or other sources. Notably, Mr Abhishek
conceded during cross-examination that although there would normally be
deductions made, the precise amount of deduction was left to the parties. Like
Mr Abhishek, Mr Riddett was also hard-pressed to cite examples of sub-contract
or industry guidelines applying the triangle grid method.

81 Most significantly, Mr Chim conceded under cross examination that the 5.77%
deduction was never discussed during his negotiations with the defendant. In
the circumstances, it is quite likely that the 5.77% deduction was a mere
afterthought conjured by the plaintiff.

82 How then should the plaintiff’s work be quantified? Although the plaintiff
submits that the parties had intended to eschew the treated area method by
removing the phrase “quantity shall measure nett on as-built drawing” from
Appendix A – Schedule of Prices of the Defendant’s Contract, I am unable to
agree. In my judgment, the removal of “quantity shall measure nett on as-built
drawing” does not exclude the defendant’s method of valuation. This is because
the following words in cl 2.3 of the Plaintiff’s Contract are sufficiently
broad to encapsulate the treated area method:

Payment and final Sub-Contract Sum shall be ascertained by re-measurement
based on approved as-built drawings.

83 Apart from referring to the treated area method that the defendant relies
upon, I cannot see any other meaning that these words could take. I accept
that a fixed deduction per column could be another method of valuing JGP
works. That said, the application of a fixed deduction per column is
inconsistent with cl 2.3 which requires “re-measurement based on approved as-
built drawings”. Although as-built drawings contain sufficient information for
payment on the basis of a fixed deduction per column, such information is also
available from site records which would contain information on the number of
JGP columns installed and the depth of each one. More importantly, the fixed
deduction method will not entail any “re-measurement” of the as-built drawings
whereas this is consistent with the defendant’s treated area method which
entails measuring actual overlaps between columns and with sheet piles.
Finally, under the plaintiff’s method, there is absolutely no basis for
deductions of 5.77% or 10%. The only number for which there is a rationale is
17.3% (see [72] above). But this number was not even used by the plaintiff in
its interim claim and its pleadings in this suit. Therefore, in my judgment,
the method of valuation the parties agreed on, as discerned from the clear
words of cl 2.3, is the treated area method.

84 Finally, I am not persuaded by the plaintiff’s submission that the
defendant is estopped from denying the applicability of the triangle grid
method. That said, before I proceed to elaborate on the merits of the estoppel
argument, I will first consider the plaintiff’s submission that “estoppels by
convention are not restricted to mere defences but may create a cause of
action”.

85 Metaphorically, it has been said that an estoppel can only act as a shield,
not a sword. This is traditionally understood to mean that an estoppel cannot
itself constitute a new cause of action. However this sword/shield dichotomy
has been criticised for being too simplistic. It suggests that an estoppel may
conceivably be used in only two ways (_viz_ , as a cause of action or a
defence) when in reality “the use that can be made of an estoppel can be
represented by a spectrum ranging from a defence to the creation of a new
cause of action”: Roger Halson, “The offensive limits of promissory estoppel”
(1999) LMCLQ 256 at p 259. “Sword” and “shield” represent two opposite ends of
that spectrum. Along this spectrum, it is unclear how far an estoppel may
assist in establishing a cause of action: _per_ Mance LJ in _Baird Textile
Holdings Ltd v Marks & Spencer Plc_ [2001] CLC 999 at [88].

86 This issue was explored in _Amalgamated Investment & Property Co Ltd (in
liquidation) v Texas Commerce International Bank Ltd_ [1982] QB 84 (“
_Amalgamated Investment_ ”). A helpful summary of the case is provided in
_Chitty on Contracts_ vol 1 (Hugh Beale gen ed) (Sweet & Maxwell, 31st Ed,
2012) at 3-108. A had negotiated with X Bank for a loan to B (one of A’s
subsidiaries) for the purpose of acquiring and developing a property in the
Bahamas. The loan was to be secured by a mortgage on that property and also by
a guarantee from A. In the guarantee, A promised to pay all moneys due to X
Bank from B. The words were inappropriate since the loan to B was not made
directly by X Bank but by one of its subsidiaries, Y Bank. Consequently, if
the guarantee were read literally, it would not apply to the loan since no
money was due from B to X Bank.

87 The Court of Appeal held that on a true construction, the guarantee applied
to the loan made by Y Bank. It took the view that the literal interpretation
of the guarantee would defeat the intention of the parties. Even if the
guarantee did not produce this result on its true construction, A was estopped
by convention from denying that the guarantee covered the loan by Y Bank,
since when negotiating the loan, both A and X Bank had assumed that the
guarantee did cover it and since X Bank continued to act on that assumption in
granting various indulgences to A.

88 A argued that X Bank was seeking to use estoppel as a sword rather than a
shield, which the law of estoppel did not permit. Brandon LJ thought otherwise
(at 131):

In my view much of the language used in connection with these concepts is no
more than a matter of semantics. Let me consider the present case and suppose
that [X Bank] had brought an action against [A] before they went into
liquidation to recover moneys owed by [B] to [Y Bank]. In the statement of
claim in such an action [X Bank] would have pleaded the contract of loan
incorporating the guarantee, and averred that, on the true construction of the
guarantee, [A was] bound to discharge the debt owed by [B] to [Y Bank]. By
their defence [A] would have pleaded that, on the true construction of the
guarantee, [A was] only bound to discharge debts owed by [B] to [X Bank], and
not debts owed by [B] to [Y Bank]. Then in their reply [X Bank] would have
pleaded that, by reason of an estoppel arising from the matters discussed
above, [A was] precluded from questioning the interpretation of the guarantee
which both parties had, for the purpose of the transactions between them,
assumed to be true.

In this way [X Bank], while still in form using the estoppel as a shield,
would in substance be founding a cause of action on it. This illustrates what
I would regard as the true proposition of law, that, _while a party cannot in
terms found a cause of action on an estoppel, he may, as a result of being
able to rely on an estoppel, succeed on a cause of action on which, without
being able to rely on that estoppel, he would necessarily have failed_. That,
in my view, is, in substance, the situation of [X Bank] in the present case.

It follows from what I have said above that I would reject the second argument
against the existence of an estoppel put forward on behalf of [A] as well as
the first. It further follows, from my rejection of both arguments against the
existence of an estoppel, that I would answer the second of the two questions
which I formulated earlier by holding that, if [A] did not, by the contract
relating to the Nassau loan, undertake to [X Bank] to discharge any
indebtedness of [B] to [Y Bank], they are, nevertheless, estopped from denying
that they did so by reason of the basis, accepted by both [X Bank] and [A], on
which the transactions between them were later conducted during the period
from 1974 to 1976.

[emphasis added]

89 It may be discerned from the above passage that a party may rely on an
estoppel to preclude its counterparty from questioning the interpretation of a
contractual term. This is so even if the estoppel operated to assist that
party to enforce a cause of action which would otherwise fail.

90 Further judicial support for this approach may be found in _Shoreline
Housing Partnership Ltd v Mears Ltd_ [2013] EWCA Civ 639 (“ _Mears_ ”). In
that case, Gloster LJ drew a distinction between the situation where a
claimant was seeking to set up a contract by estoppel, where there was no
contract at all and the case where an estoppel is alleged to have qualified
the terms of the contract and where it is alleged that the parties conducted
their contractual relationship on the basis of an assumed and shared state of
facts or law (at [23]). It was held that the former fell afoul of the rule
that an estoppel does not operate as a sword, but not the latter.

91 To my mind, the correctness of the approach, as established in _Mears_ and
_Amalgamated Investment_ , is fortified by examining the circumstances in
which the sword/shield dichotomy originated. The dichotomy was first used in
argument by counsel and then adopted by Birkett LJ in the oft-cited English
Court of Appeal decision of _Combe v Combe_ [1951] 2 KB 215. In that case, the
issue was whether the plaintiff could recover maintenance on her husband’s
promise upon which she had relied. Reliance was placed on promissory or
equitable estoppel. The wife’s claim was rejected. Whilst it was held that an
estoppel never stands alone as giving a cause of action in itself, Denning LJ
(in his opinion) accepted that an estoppel may nevertheless play a
supplementary role in establishing a cause of action (at 220):

In none of these cases was the defendant sued on the promise, assurance, or
assertion as a cause of action in itself: he was sued for some other cause,
for example, a pension or a breach of contract, and the promise, assurance or
assertion only played a supplementary role—an important role, no doubt, but
still a supplementary role. That is, I think, its true function. It may be
part of a cause of action, but not a cause of action in itself.

92 The above cases show that the “sword” metaphor was intended to describe
situations where a party’s cause of action is simply a “naked” estoppel, _ie_
, where the estoppel itself is the cause of action. It was not meant to
include situations (like the present) where the estoppel merely supplements an
existing cause of action.

93 Here, the plaintiff seeks to estop the defendant from interpreting the sub-
contract in a manner that is contrary to the parties’ understanding and
conduct. The plaintiff asserts that the parties had, by their conduct,
established a pricing mechanism to calculate work done under the sub-contract.
The plaintiff’s cause of action is founded on a contractual right to be paid,
and the estoppel merely informs the interpretation of the payment terms. The
estoppel itself is not the cause of action. There is therefore no legal
impediment to the plaintiff’s reliance on the estoppel to assist its
contractual claim.

94 I turn now to examine the merits of the estoppel argument.

95 To establish an estoppel by convention, the following elements must be
present (_Travista Development Pte Ltd v Tan Kim Swee Augustine and others_
[2008] 2 SLR(R) 474 at [31]):

(a) The parties must have acted on “an assumed and incorrect state of _fact or
law_ ” [emphasis added] (_per_ Bingham LJ in _The Vistafjord_ [1988] 2 Lloyd’s
Rep 343 at 352) in their course of dealing.

(b) The assumption must be either shared by both parties pursuant to an
agreement or something akin to an agreement, or made by one party and
acquiesced to by the other.

(c) It must be unjust or unconscionable to allow the parties (or one of them)
to go back on that assumption.

96 Here, there is no evidence that the plaintiff assumed that a 5.77%
deduction would apply. In the statement of claim and the reply, the plaintiff
averred that the interim claims were certified on the basis of the triangle
grid method which entails a deduction of 5.77%. This is not true. The
plaintiff had consistently claimed on the basis of a 10% deduction and the
defendant had certified those claims on the basis of an 18% deduction. In
fact, the triangle grid method was not invoked until 25 June 2012,
approximately two years after the parties entered into the MC01 contract.
Since there is no evidence that the plaintiff had assumed that a 5.77%
deduction would apply, there can be no estoppel to speak of.

97 In contrast, had the plaintiff pleaded an estoppel on the basis of an 18%
deduction, I would have been prepared to find that the defendant was estopped
from relying on the treated area method for the following reasons.

98 _First_ , the defendant had consistently been applying an 18% deduction to
the interim claims. _Second_ , under cross-examination, Mr Chua conceded that
the final account of the C482 Project was settled at a fixed deduction of 18%.
This settlement was reached despite clear words in the contract for the C482
Project providing for measurement based on the “treated area of JGP works”.
_Finally_ , the plaintiff appears to have relied on the assumption of an 18%
deduction to its detriment, although I must state that the evidence, such as
it is, is not conclusive. The plaintiff certainly was stunned with the large
deduction that the defendant had made to its claims and that was what
triggered this suit. Pertinently, the defendant’s Mr Ong admitted that if the
interim claims had been certified on the basis of a much higher deduction (as
opposed to the 18% deduction that was actually applied), the “subcontractor
will run”.

Whether counterclaim should succeed

99 The defendant values the plaintiff’s work at $2,097,867.44. This figure is
the product of the unit rate of $92 per cubic metre and the nett treated
volume of 22,802.907 cubic metres. The defendant also accepts that the
plaintiff is entitled to another sum of $60,000 as a “mobilisation fee”. This
gives a final sub-contract sum of $2,157,867.44. After deducting back-charges
of $378,832.87 and previous payments totalling $1,841,920.64, there is a
negative balance of $62,886.07. On this basis, the defendant contends that the
plaintiff has been overpaid $62,886.07 and seeks the refund of the same.

100 Save for the nett treated volume, the rest of the figures are not in
dispute. To succeed in its counterclaim, the defendant has to prove that the
plaintiff has completed works amounting to a nett treated volume of 22,802.907
cubic metres. To establish the nett treated volume, the defendant relies on
numbers contained in a table that appears in Mr Ong’s affidavit of evidence-
in-chief (“AEIC”) (“the Table”). These numbers are stated to be derived from
calculations done using Autocad software, on the basis of information
contained in as-built drawings.

101 Save for the assertion that those numbers were computed using Autocad
software, it is unclear how they were derived. In his AEIC, Mr Ong gave
evidence that he was familiar with Autocad, and that he had verified those
calculations. He did not explain in his AEIC how he had done so. At the trial,
however, Mr Ong took a different position. Under cross-examination, he said
that the calculations were done by the defendant’s employee, Ms Khaizar. He
also admitted that he had only conducted a random check _ie_ , he did not
check all the numbers.

102 It is clear that Mr Ong was in no position to give evidence on the
veracity of the figures in the Table. Instead, Ms Khaizar is the best person
to explain the numbers that the defendant is seeking to rely on. She is the
only person with direct knowledge of how the numbers were calculated. However,
Ms Khaizar was not called as a witness although she remains in the employ of
the defendant company. In view of Ms Khaizar’s absence at the trial, the
defendant may not rely on the truth of the contents of the Table to establish
its counterclaim unless the evidence falls within one of the exceptions to the
hearsay rule.

103 Generally, the hearsay rule renders inadmissible a document adduced to
establish the facts it refers to in the absence of direct evidence of the
facts contained therein: Jeffrey Pinsler, _SC Evidence and the Litigation
Process_ (LexisNexis, 4th Ed, 2013) at para 4.001. Direct evidence would take
the form of the evidence of someone who has personal knowledge of those facts.

104 In my view, the information in the Table does not fall within any of the
exceptions to the hearsay rule. In particular, I am of the view that the
defendant may not avail itself of the exception contained in s 32(1)(_b_) of
the Evidence Act which permits the admission of statements “made by a person
in the ordinary course of a trade, business, profession or other occupation”.
The rationale for this exception has been stated in M C Sarkar et al,
_Sarkar’s Law of Evidence vol I_ (LexisNexis, 17th Ed Reprint, 2011) (“
_Sarkar’s Law of Evidence_ ”) at p 970:

The ground of admission is that a statement or entry made in the ordinary
course or routine of business or duty may be presumed to have been done from
disinterested motive and may therefore be taken to be generally true.

105 To qualify under this exception, the entry must have been in the way of
business. This has been defined to mean a course of transactions performed in
one’s habitual relations with others and as a material part of one’s mode of
obtaining a livelihood: _Sarkar’s Law of Evidence_ at p 973.

106 Here, it must be borne in mind that the Table exhibited in Mr Ong’s AEIC
was prepared for the purposes of litigation. Furthermore, there is no evidence
to show that the information contained in the Table was extracted from any
document that was prepared in the ordinary course of trade, business,
profession or other occupation. That being so, it is my view that the Table is
inadmissible for the purposes of proving the quantity of work done by the
plaintiff.

107 There are also other difficulties with the admission of the figures
contained in the Table. If Ms Khaizar had done the calculations on the basis
of information from the Autocad software, the question remains as to where
that information had come from. Details such as the location of the JGP
columns and the sequence in which the columns were installed are out-of-court
statements that will similarly constitute hearsay evidence.

108 The defendant’s counterclaim appears to be constructed on multiple layers
of hearsay evidence. What is troubling is that the defendant does not seem to
be cognizant of the heavy, if not sole, reliance on hearsay evidence. I
further note that there is a conspicuous absence of any safeguards or measures
which would ensure a minimal degree of reliability of the evidence. As noted
at [12] above, the defendant has proffered different valuations of the
plaintiff’s work at different junctures.

109 In view of these shortcomings, I find that the defendant has not
discharged its burden of proof _vis-à-vis_ its counterclaim. Accordingly, the
defendant’s counterclaim must fail.

Conclusion

110 To summarise, I have made the following findings:

(a) That the Plaintiff’s Contract evidenced the final agreement between the
parties.

(b) That the treated area method applies to quantify the plaintiff’s work.

(c) That there is no evidence supporting the plaintiff’s case in estoppel
_vis-à-vis_ the 5.77% deduction.

111 Accordingly, the plaintiff’s claim fails. That said, due to the evidential
shortcomings in relation to the defendant’s counterclaim, I am also of the
view that the counterclaim must fail. Both claim and counterclaim in this suit
are therefore dismissed.

112 I will hear counsel on the question of costs.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 12 Oct 2015 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

