Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Export-Import Bank of India _v_ Surya Pharmaceutical (Singapore) Pte Ltd  
[2015] SGHC 258

Case Number| :| Companies Winding Up No 82 of 2014  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 08 October 2015  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Choo Han Teck J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Oon Thian Seng (Oon & Bazul LLP) for the plaintiff;
Darshan Singh Purain (Darshan & Teo LLP) for the defendant.  
Parties| :|  Export-Import Bank of India — Surya Pharmaceutical (Singapore)
Pte Ltd  
  
8 October 2015|  
---|---  
  
Choo Han Teck J:

1 The plaintiff applied for the defendant to be wound up on the ground that
the defendant is insolvent and unable to pay its debts. It also sought an
order for the provisional liquidators appointed by Woo Bih Lih J on 30 May
2014 to be appointed as liquidators.

2 The plaintiff is a bank that is incorporated in India. It was established
under the Export-Import Bank of India Act (No 28 of 1981) to, _inter alia_ ,
provide financial assistance to exporters and importers and to function as the
principal financial institution for coordinating the working of institutions
engaged in the financing of the export and import of goods and services to
promote India’s international trade.

3 The defendant is a company incorporated in Singapore. It is wholly-owned by
Surya Pharmaceutical Limited (“SPL”), an Indian company. The defendant does
not have trading activities in Singapore but is a holding company that wholly
owns two companies in the United States of America, namely, Amershire
Investment Corporation and Herkules Capital Management Ltd (“Herkules”).
Herkules in turn owns another US company, Family First Pharmaceutical Inc. I
will refer to these three companies as the “US Companies”.

4 The plaintiff’s application for a winding up order against the defendant was
made pursuant to s 254(1)(_e_) read with s 254(2)(_a_) or s 254(_c_) of the
Companies Act (Cap 50, 2006 Rev Ed), on the ground that the defendant is
unable to pay its debts. 7 April 2014, the total amount due and payable by the
defendant to the plaintiff amounted to the sum of US$9,544,441.89 and
Rs199,714,270.96.

5 This debt can be traced back to a loan agreement, termed as the Dollar Loan
Agreement, which the plaintiff and the defendant entered into on 2 November
2010. As part of its Overseas Investment Finance Programme, the plaintiff
extended a sum of US$15m as a loan to the defendant. The defendant was then a
newly incorporated overseas venture of SPL. It seems that the purpose of this
loan and the defendant’s incorporation was for SPL to receive funding through
the Dollar Loan Agreement to acquire the US Companies. SPL acted as the
defendant’s corporate guarantor and Mr Rajiv Goyal and Ms Alka Goyal acted as
its personal guarantors under this agreement. Mr Goyal is the managing
director of the defendant and SPL, and Ms Goyal is a director of both
companies.

6 After making a few repayments, the defendant defaulted on the loan. A sum
that totalled about US$11m was outstanding. At the same time, the defendant’s
parent company, SPL, owed the plaintiff other debts. These debts, together
with the outstanding sum of US$11m that SPL stood as corporate guarantor for
under the Dollar Loan Agreement, were referred to a corporate debt
restructuring scheme in India. In March 2013, SPL and other financial
institutions, including the plaintiff, entered into a Master Restructuring
Agreement (“MRA”) in India. According to the defendant, the plaintiff only
agreed to be part of the corporate restructuring scheme after the outstanding
loan of US$11m under the Dollar Loan Agreement that SPL was liable for as the
defendant’s corporate guarantor was included in the restructuring process. The
MRA was a mechanism through which SPL acknowledged the debts owed to its
creditors and committed to the restructuring of the debts in exchange for
certain waivers by the creditors. The MRA eventually failed because SPL did
not comply with the pre-conditions to the MRA. On 29 July 2013, the corporate
debt restructuring scheme was also declared to have failed.

7 After the corporate debt restructuring scheme failed, SPL registered itself
under the Sick Industrial Companies (Special Provisions) Act 1985 (“SICA”) in
India on 5 August 2013. The SICA is an Act aimed at reviving and
rehabilitating “sick” industries and companies. A “sick industrial company” is
defined under the SICA as “an industrial company (being a company registered
for not less than five years) which has at the end of any financial year
accumulated losses equal to or exceeding its net worth”. SPL is presently
involved in proceedings before the Indian Board for Industrial & Financial
Reconstruction (“BIFR”), which may lead to a rehabilitation scheme. The BIFR
is an administrative board which exercises powers similar to a court in India
and oversees the possible rehabilitation of debtors under the scheme. The SICA
confers the BIFR wide powers and provides some degree of protection to the
company whilst proceedings are ongoing. For example, it is stipulated under
the SICA that without the BIFR’s consent, no suit can be brought for the
recovery of money or for the enforcement of any security against a company
that has been registered under the SICA. The plaintiff has since assigned its
rights against SPL to another company, Edelweiss Asset Reconstruction Company
Ltd.

8 Whilst SPL was involved in the SICA proceedings in India, the plaintiff, as
it is entitled to, separately sought the repayment of the loan from the
defendant in Singapore. On 3 December 2013, the plaintiff’s solicitors issued
a letter of demand to the defendant and its corporate and personal guarantors
for the sum of US$9,240,500.55 and Rs192,253,270.47. The defendant did not
reply to the letter of demand. On 7 April 2014, the plaintiff issued a
statutory demand for the sum of US$9,544,441.89 and Rs199,714,270.96. The sums
were higher than what was demanded in the first letter because the interest
and penal interest that were due had increased. The defendant continued to
default on the repayments. Eventually on 8 May 2014, the plaintiff filed an
application for the defendant to be wound up.

9 Mr Oon Thian Seng, counsel for the plaintiff, submitted that the statutory
presumption in s 254(2)(_a_) of the Companies Act that the defendant was
unable to pay its debt can be invoked since the defendant failed to pay its
debt, which far exceeds $10,000, in the three weeks that had passed since the
statutory demand was served. Mr Oon further argued that even putting aside the
deeming provision under s 254(2)(_a_), it had been proved to the satisfaction
of the court that the defendant was unable to pay its debts as they fell due
and thus s 254(2)(_c_) of the Companies Act was met.

10 The defendant resisted the application for winding up on two grounds. Mr
Darshan Singh Purain, counsel for the defendant, argued that India was the
more appropriate forum for the application and thus the proceedings in
Singapore should be stayed. Secondly, he submitted that the defendant was not
insolvent and had sufficient assets to meet the debt owing to the plaintiff.
Additionally, the defendant disputed the accuracy of the amounts stated in the
statutory demand.

11 On the preliminary issue of whether Singapore is the appropriate forum to
hear this application, I did not accept Mr Singh’s submission that the
application should not be heard in Singapore. Singapore is the proper
jurisdiction for an application to wind up a company that is incorporated in
Singapore. Perhaps what the counsel meant was that given the ongoing SICA
proceedings and the history of dealings of SPL, the defendant, and the
plaintiff, the plaintiff’s claims against the defendant (for its primary
liability under the loan) and SPL (who stood as guarantor) for the same debt
should not be split and should be dealt with in the same jurisdiction. If that
was the case, counsel for the defendant should have made it more explicit. For
the same reasons, counsel’s submission on _lis alibi pendens_ also fails. In
any event, there is no pending application, let alone any similar cause of
action, in India that directly involves the defendant. Further, contrary to Mr
Singh’s submission, the Singapore court has no obligation under the United
Nations Commission on International Trade Law (“UNCITRAL”) Model Law on Cross-
border Insolvency or the Comprehensive Economic Cooperation Agreement (“CECA”)
to stay the winding up application. Singapore has not adopted the UNCITRAL
Model Law on Cross-border Insolvency. Although Singapore has signed the CECA,
the agreement imposes no such obligation on our courts.

12 Returning to the merits of the winding up application, I am satisfied that
the defendant is unable to pay its debts and the presumption in s 254(2)(_a_)
of the Companies Act was invoked. The plaintiff had served a demand on the
defendant for a sum that far exceeded $10,000 and the defendant failed to
repay this sum even after the statutory deadline of three weeks was up.

13 The defendant alleges that the arrangement under the Dollar Loan Agreement
may be unlawful and that SPL’s corporate guarantee as well as the defendant’s
debt under the agreement may thus be tainted with illegality (at paragraphs 24
and 25 of Mr Singh’s submissions). A defendant company must show that there is
a _prima facie_ case that there is a _bona fide_ dispute over the debt based
on substantial grounds and cannot merely put forward a frivolous or
unsubstantiated allegation. It is clear to me that the defendant disputed the
debt as an afterthought. Prior to the submissions and in the period of more
than two years that the debt was due, this was never raised as a reason for
the defendant’s refusal to repay the debt. The defendant has not provided any
substantial grounds to support this assertion. Additionally, the defendant
disputes the accuracy of the amounts claimed in the demand dated 7 April 2014.
But this pertains only to the amount of interest that was payable and there
was no dispute over the accuracy of the principal sum, which was far in excess
of $10,000. I am therefore satisfied that s 254(2)(_a_) was met.

14 This presumption of insolvency was not rebutted by the defendant. In fact,
an independent auditors’ report by M/s Kreston David Yeung PAC contained
statements that suggested otherwise. It was stated in the report that “[a]s at
31 December 2012, the [defendant] has [a] capital deficit of US$1,929,903 and
its current liabilities exceeded its current assets by US$6,580,894”. A
‘Statement of Directors” enclosed in the same report stated that “[i]n the
opinion of [the] directors … there are no reasonable grounds to believe that
the company will be able to pay its debts as and when they fall due”.

15 Mr Singh seeks to explain these statements but I am not persuaded by his
explanations. He submitted that the plaintiff’s interpretation of the
defendant’s audited accounts was incorrect because it did not take into
account the fact that SPL had agreed to provide adequate financial support to
the defendant when required. Mr Singh also pointed out that the defendant had
assets in the form of the US Companies, which had a total value that exceeded
its debt to the plaintiff. His submission was that the test of insolvency
ought to be taken “on an international and group basis” and should take into
account the intentions of the parties when SPL and the plaintiff entered into
the corporate debt restructuring scheme and MRA and thereafter the SICA
proceedings in India. But, as pointed out by Mr Oon, the defendant has not
provided the court with any evidence that SPL will or, more importantly, can
provide any financial assistance to the defendant, especially when SPL is in
financial difficulties. On the issue of the defendant’s assets in the form of
the US Companies, Mr Oon submitted that the report on the valuation of the US
Companies that was prepared by M/s American Appraisal Singapore Pte Ltd was
problematic and should be disregarded. Even if there was no problem with the
valuation report, the defendant would still be insolvent as the shares in the
US Companies that it asserted may allow it to discharge its liabilities in
full cannot be immediately realised. The defendant failed to produce any
evidence or take any steps to show that its shares in the US Companies could
and would be used to repay the plaintiff for the debt, which had been due and
owing to the plaintiff for more than two years.

16 For the same reasons, I am also satisfied that the plaintiff had proved to
the satisfaction of the court that the defendant was unable to pay its debts
and that s 254(2)(_c_) had been satisfied. The question now, is whether I
should exercise my discretion to wind up the defendant pursuant to s
254(1)(_e_) of the Companies Act.

17 In the light of the ongoing SICA proceedings in India as well as the
history of dealings between SPL, the defendant and the plaintiff, I am of the
view that the defendant should not be wound up. I am aware that the defendant
is not directly involved in the SICA proceedings. Neither am I persuaded that
the corporate veil between the defendant and SPL should be pierced for the
purposes of the present winding up application. SPL and the defendant are
separate legal entities and should be treated as such. But, a close look at
this case shows how intricately linked SPL, the plaintiff and the defendant
are in all the related transactions. This ranges from the purpose the
defendant was set up, to the way in which the Dollar Loan Agreement was
structured, and to the conduct of the parties in negotiating the subsequent
MRA under the corporate restructuring scheme. In these circumstances, it will
not be prudent to wind up the defendant, and consequently, isolate its shares
in the US Companies from the global state of affairs. This may also constrain
the SICA proceedings in India and prejudice the other creditors that are
involved in those proceedings.

18 I therefore dismissed the plaintiff’s application to wind up the defendant.
I ordered that the provisional liquidators were to remain for four weeks until
11 September 2015 or further order. On 10 September 2015, I discharged the
provisional liquidators from their appointment. I ordered that costs were to
follow the event and to be taxed if not agreed. Mr Singh submitted that there
should be an inquiry into the damages suffered by the defendant as a result of
the plaintiff’s application. In light of the plaintiff’s appeal against my
order to dismiss the winding up application, I adjourned the defendant’s
application for an inquiry into damages to a date after the appeal has been
decided.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 08 Oct 2015 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

