Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Twiss, Christopher James Hans _v_ Twiss, Yvonne Prendergast  
[2015] SGCA 52

Case Number| :| Civil Appeal No 22 of 2015  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 02 October 2015  
Tribunal/Court| :| Court of Appeal  
Coram| :|  Chao Hick Tin JA; Judith Prakash J; Quentin Loh J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Tan Xuan Qi Dorothy (PKWA Law Practice LLC) for the
appellant; Isaac Tito Shane, Justin Chan Yew Loong and Zee Ning En Jasmine
Mildred (Tito Isaac & Co LLP) for the respondent.  
Parties| :|  Twiss, Christopher James Hans — Twiss, Yvonne Prendergast  
  
2 October 2015|  
---|---  
  
Chao Hick Tin JA (delivering the grounds of decision of the court):

1 This was the husband’s appeal in relation to the questions of division of
matrimonial assets and maintenance of the wife following the grant of an
interim judgment for divorce. The judge below (“the Judge”) had ordered that
(i) the matrimonial home and the sale proceeds of a Malaysian property, which
were the only assets up for division, be given entirely to the wife, and (ii)
the husband pay the wife maintenance in the sum of $4,000 a month. The husband
was dissatisfied on both counts.

2 Having heard parties, we allowed the appeal in part. We affirmed the Judge’s
order that the husband pay the wife maintenance in the sum of $4,000 a month
but ordered that the assets be divided instead, in the proportions of 75% to
the wife and 25% to the husband. We now explain in greater detail our decision
to allow the appeal in relation to the division of matrimonial assets. We do
so with a view to reaffirm the principles and approach set out in this court’s
recent decision of _ANJ v ANK_ [2015] 4 SLR 1043 (“ _ANJ v ANK_ ”).

Background facts

3 The husband is 49 years old and the wife is 51. They are both UK citizens
and they were married there on 4 August 1989. They have two sons: the older
son is 21 years old while the younger son is 19. The husband filed a writ for
divorce in July 2008 and interim judgment was granted two years later in June
2010. The marriage spanned about 20 years.

4 At the hearing before us, Mr Tito Isaac, appearing for the wife, put forward
a version of the facts which Miss Dorothy Tan, appearing for the husband, did
not object to and which we therefore accepted as true. In 1991, not long after
the parties were married, the husband moved to Hong Kong for work. The wife
gave up her job to follow him. In 1994, the older son was born. In April 1995,
when the wife was pregnant with the younger son and the older son was 10
months old, the husband had to relocate for work once again, this time to
Seattle. Again, the family moved with him. The younger son was born in 1996,
and when he was just 10 days old, the husband lost his job and the family was
compelled to move to Geneva. In 1997, the family moved one last time, to
Singapore.

5 If the first decade of the marriage was characterised by continual
geographical displacement, the second was defined by the husband’s
infidelities. In 2000, when the sons were five and three years old, the
husband left the family for his first mistress, returning after six months. In
2004, the husband left for his second mistress. This time, he stayed out for a
year before returning home. Finally, in 2007, the husband embarked on his
third affair. On this occasion, he left and never came back.

The matrimonial assets

6 Before the Judge, it was agreed that each party would keep the assets held
in their own names. That left two assets to be divided. The first was the
matrimonial home. This was registered in the parties’ joint names. Its value
was approximately $3.8 million, with an outstanding loan of $536,103.

7 The second was a property in Malaysia that had been sold at some point prior
to the proceedings before the Judge. The proceeds from the sale, converted
from Malaysian to local currency, amounted to $287,802. The husband said that
this entire sum was kept by the wife and she did not seem to dispute this.

The Judge’s decision

8 The Judge gave his decision in an oral judgment which does not appear to
have been published. In relation to the matrimonial home, he found that the
parties’ direct financial contributions were as follows. On the wife’s part,
she had contributed $275,698.01 in CPF monies, $190,000 in cash towards the
deposit and initial payment, and $389,427 in mortgage payments – these
payments were in cash as well as CPF monies. On the husband’s part, he had
contributed $118,486.23 in CPF monies and $190,000 in cash towards the deposit
and initial payment. On this basis, the Judge held that parties’ direct
financial contributions towards the matrimonial home were in the ratio of
75:25 (in the round) in the wife’s favour.

9 Turning then to the indirect contributions, the Judge accepted that the
husband “had left the matrimonial home on about three occasions to stay with
his mistresses leaving the wife to look after the family”. He then found that
the wife’s “indirect contributions are about 20%”. What exactly the Judge
meant by this is perhaps obscure, but given that he opined thereafter that
“the wife’s share of the matrimonial home amounts to 95% of its net value”, he
must have given a 20% uplift to the wife on account of her indirect
contributions which was added to the 75% that represented the wife’s direct
financial contributions.

10 As for the Malaysian property and the proceeds from its sale, the Judge
only said that it “should be included into the pool of matrimonial assets for
division”. He made no finding on the parties’ direct financial contributions
to this property. He then expressed the view that “a fair and equitable
division of the net value of the matrimonial properties” – which presumably
included the sale proceeds of the Malaysian property – was “95:5 in favour of
the wife”.

11 Although the Judge said that the assets were to be divided in the ratio of
95:5 in the wife’s favour, the order he actually made did not seem consistent
with that determination. His order was that the husband “transfer his rights,
title and interests” in the matrimonial home, with the wife to “bear the
related costs and expenses of the transfer”. There was no order that the wife
furnish consideration or value for this transfer. Neither was there any order
that the wife transfer to the husband part of the sale proceeds of the
Malaysian property held by her. In these circumstances, notwithstanding the
95:5 ratio expressly articulated by the Judge, we were compelled to conclude
that he had actually decided that the assets should be divided in the ratio of
100:0 in the wife’s favour. In other words, he gave all the matrimonial
assets, which should have been divided, entirely to the wife.

The husband’s contentions

12 Before us, Miss Tan argued that the Judge had understated the husband’s
direct financial contributions to the matrimonial home to the extent that he
had failed to give the husband some credit for the mortgage payments that had
been made from the proceeds of renting out the matrimonial home during the
period from May 2008 to August 2013. Miss Tan said that if this error was
corrected, the ratio of parties’ direct financial contributions to the
matrimonial home would be 70:30 in the wife’s favour and not 75:25 as the
Judge had found.

13 Miss Tan further contended that the Judge had also undervalued the
husband’s indirect contributions to the marriage. She accepted that in the
second decade of the marriage, the wife’s indirect contributions had been
greater than the husband’s given that he had left the family on multiple
occasions to be with the other women. But she pointed out that the husband had
nonetheless contributed to some degree during this second decade, for
instance, contributing $4,000 a month to the household and paying the sons’
school fees which amounted to some $100,000 a year. Miss Tan argued that the
first decade of the marriage had also to be taken into account, and during
that period the husband’s indirect contributions had been substantial. She
said, bearing all these in mind, a fair ratio of the parties’ indirect
contributions over the entire period of the marriage should be 70:30 in the
wife’s favour.

14 Relying on _ANJ v ANK_ , Miss Tan argued that if the ratio of the parties’
direct financial contributions was 70:30 and the ratio of their indirect
contributions was precisely the same, the matrimonial assets should be divided
in the ratio of 70:30 in favour of the wife.

Our decision

15 In advancing her arguments, Miss Tan highlighted the fact that the Judge
had erred in law by applying what was generally known as the “uplift”
methodology. This error consisted of taking the view that the wife’s indirect
contributions should be reflected by applying an “uplift” to the share she
would have been entitled to on the basis of her direct financial contributions
only. We accepted Miss Tan’s contentions on this score and we considered that
the Judge had erred in that regard. This court warned against the use of the
“uplift” methodology in _ANJ v ANK_ and referred to some possible pitfalls of
that methodology (at [18]–[20]). We reaffirm what was said there.

16 We were of the view that the Judge’s decision to award the entirety of the
matrimonial assets to the wife was untenable. Such a division could be
justified only in the most exceptional or extreme circumstances, _eg_ , where
the husband’s direct financial contributions and indirect contributions
amounted to nothing at all, or where his contributions were very insignificant
and it was thought fit to draw an adverse inference against him such as to
reduce his share to zero. We did not think that such extreme circumstances
obtained in the present case. To all intents and purposes, during the first
decade of the marriage, the husband fulfilled his role as a family man, caring
and providing for the entire family. While he strayed during the second decade
of the marriage, he had nevertheless provided financially for the family.

17 We were therefore of the opinion that it was just that we should allow the
husband’s appeal. In determining what would be a fair and equitable division
of the assets, we followed the structured approach set out in _ANJ v ANK_ (at
[22]–[27]), which comprises the following broad steps:

(a) Express as a ratio the parties’ direct contributions relative to each
other, having regard to the amount of financial contribution each party made
towards the acquisition or improvement of the matrimonial assets;

(b) Express as a second ratio the parties’ indirect contributions relative to
each other, having regard to both financial and non-financial contributions;
and

(c) Derive the parties’ overall contributions relative to each other by taking
an average of the two ratios above, keeping in mind that, depending on the
circumstances of each case, the direct and indirect contributions may not be
accorded equal weight and one of the two ratios may be accorded more
significance than the other.

18 Applying this structured approach to the matrimonial home, we began with
parties’ direct financial contributions. In this connection, we accepted Miss
Tan’s argument that the correct ratio was 70:30 in the wife’s favour and not
75:25. We accepted her contention that the husband should be given some
measure of credit for the mortgage payments that had been made out of the
proceeds of renting out the matrimonial home for the period from May 2008 to
August 2013 at $7,800 a month. It was not disputed that the wife had paid
$1,500 in CPF monies and $1,405 in cash per month towards the mortgage during
that period. The cash component was paid out of the rental proceeds, which
ought to be considered as belonging jointly to the parties, as this was income
earned on an asset that was jointly owned. Thus, it was only fair that half of
the $1,405 cash payment of the mortgage instalments during that period should
be regarded as having been contributed by the husband.

19 Doing the arithmetic, it would mean that, having contributed $702.50 per
month over the 63 months from May 2008 to August 2013, the husband had
contributed $44,257.50 more and the wife $44,257.50 less than what the Judge
thought that they had. This meant that the husband’s direct financial
contributions to the matrimonial home amounted to $352,743.73 and the wife’s
$810,867.51. The ratio representing their direct financial contributions was
therefore approximately 70:30 in the wife’s favour.

20 Turning to the question of indirect contributions, as stated in [16] above,
there is a need to differentiate between the first and the second decades of
the marriage. In the first decade of the marriage, it appeared to us that the
parties’ indirect contributions were roughly equal, except that the nature of
their contributions were different in that the husband met the family’s
financial needs and took care of the family wherever he could whilst the wife
took primary care of the family in the domestic sphere, although we noted that
the wife also worked from 1989 to 1991 and so also contributed financially to
that extent. In the second decade of the marriage, however, we thought that
the wife’s indirect contributions far exceeded those of the husband’s given
his physical absence from the family for substantial lengths of time while
recognising that even then he did contribute financially to the family. Still,
his indirect contributions paled in comparison to those of the wife who had
effectively taken sole charge of raising the sons from the ages of five and
three. In all the circumstances, taking a broad-brush approach, we thought
that the parties’ indirect contributions relative to each other would be
fairly represented by a ratio of 75:25 in the wife’s favour.

21 In _ANJ v ANK_ , this court opined (at [27]) that (i) indirect
contributions tend to feature more prominently in long marriages, (ii) direct
contributions would command greater weight where the pool of assets was
extraordinarily large and all of the assets were accrued by one party’s
exceptional efforts, and (iii) courts tend to lean in favour of homemakers who
have painstakingly raised children to adulthood at the expense of their
careers. In the present case, the marriage was a fairly lengthy one, the pool
of matrimonial assets was not particularly large, and it seemed to us that the
wife had made career sacrifices for the sake of the family. We were thus of
the view that, in this case, the indirect contributions ought to be given more
weight than the direct financial contributions.

22 Given that the disparity between the ratio of direct financial
contributions, 70:30, and the ratio of the indirect contributions, 75:25, was
rather small, we thought that it would not be inapt simply to take the latter
ratio as representative of the parties’ overall contributions to the
matrimonial home. We therefore took the view that a fair and equitable
division of the matrimonial home would be in the proportions of 75% to the
wife and 25% to the husband.

23 There remained the proceeds of the sale of the Malaysian property. In this
regard we were handicapped by a dearth of information as to parties’ direct
financial contributions to the property. Given such a situation, we thought it
would be neither unfair nor inequitable to order that the sale proceeds be
divided in the same manner as the matrimonial home.

Conclusion

24 For these reasons, we ordered that the matrimonial home and the proceeds
from the sale of the Malaysian property be divided in the proportions of 75%
to the wife and 25% to the husband. We left it to the parties to work out the
practical implementation of this order, in particular, the question of whether
the matrimonial home should be sold and the proceeds divided, or the wife
should buy out the husband’s share – and if the latter, by what means.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 02 Oct 2015 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

