Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  The “URSUS” and other matters  
[2015] SGHCR 7

Case Number| :| Adm No 240 of 2014 (Summons No 75 of 2015), Adm No 241 of 2014
(Summons No 79 of 2015), Adm No 242 of 2014 (Summons No 77 of 2015), Adm No
243 of 2014 (Summons No 78 of 2015), Adm No 244 of 2014 (Summons No 80 of
2015), Adm No 245 of 2014 (Summons No 83 of 2015)  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 06 April 2015  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Justin Yeo AR  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Ms Mary-Anne Chua (Joseph Tan Jude Benny LLP) for the
Plaintiff; Mr Khoo Eu Shen (Rodyk & Davidson LLC) for the Defendants.  
Parties| :|  The "URSUS"  
  
6 April 2015|  
---|---  
  
Justin Yeo AR:

1 These are six applications in six separate admiralty proceedings. The
admiralty proceedings are Admiralty In Rem No 240, 241, 242, 243, 244 and 245
of 2014 (“the Suits”), while the relevant summonses, arranged in order of the
Suits, are Summonses No 75, 79, 77, 78, 80 and 83 of 2015 (“the Summonses”).
Both Ms Mary-Anne Chua (“Ms Chua”), who represented the Harms Bergung,
Transport und Heavylift GmbH & Co KG (“the Plaintiff”), and Mr Khoo Eu Shen
(“Mr Khoo”), who represented the Defendants in the Suits, agreed that the
Summonses were similar in terms of content with only minor factual differences
between them. As such, the Summonses were heard together with only a single
set of submissions made by Ms Chua and Mr Khoo.

2 The Summonses concerned the respective Defendants applying for the Suits to
be dismissed on the basis that no statement of claim had been served on the
Defendants within the period fixed by the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2006
Rev Ed) (“Rules of Court”), or alternatively, for the Suits to be stayed
pursuant to s 6 of the International Arbitration Act (Cap 143A, 2002 Rev Ed)
(“the IAA”).

3 I dismissed prayer 1 of the Summonses (_viz_ , for the Suits to be
dismissed), and granted prayer 2 (_viz_ , for proceedings to be stayed pending
arbitration) in part by ordering a stay of the _in personam_ aspects of the
Suits. I provide here the grounds for my decision.

Background

4 The Plaintiff had, on 20 November 2014, issued _in rem_ writs against the
Defendants’ vessels, respectively, the “URSUS”, the “URANUS”, the “TAURUS”,
the “ORCUS”, the “MAGNUS” and the “JANUS” (collectively, “the Vessels”). The
writs were issued with the intention of preserving the Plaintiff’s right to
arrest the Vessels for security in an arbitration to be held in Hamburg.[note:
1] The writs were issued as protective measures to preserve the Plaintiff’s
interests should ownership of the respective Vessels change before and/or
during the arbitration proceedings.[note: 2] The writs have not been served on
the Vessels.

5 It is undisputed that the Defendants, through their solicitors, entered
appearance _gratis_ on 15 December 2014, and that the Plaintiff has not filed
any statement of claim in the Suits. The Plaintiff has also placed on record,
by way of affidavits of Axel Salander dated 24 February 2015 (filed in each of
the Suits), that it was never the Plaintiff’s intention to have the substance
of the dispute with the Defendants heard in the Singapore courts.[note: 3]
Indeed, the Plaintiff had already commenced arbitration proceedings against
the “URSUS” in Hamburg,[note: 4] and intended to commence arbitration
proceedings against the other Vessels there as well.[note: 5]

Issues

6 Two issues arose for determination, namely:

(a) First, whether the Suits should be dismissed on the basis that no
statement of claim had been served; and

(b) Second, in the alternative, whether the Suits should be stayed pursuant to
s 6 of the IAA.

Parties’ Arguments

7 On the first issue, Mr Khoo argued that the Suits should be dismissed
pursuant to O 19 r 1 read with O 18 r 1 of the Rules of Court. Under O 18 r 1
of the Rules of Court, a plaintiff must serve a statement of claim before
expiration of 14 days after the defendant enters appearance. Under O 19 r 1 of
the Rules of Court, where the plaintiff fails to serve a statement of claim
within that period, the defendant may apply to court for an order to dismiss
the action. The relevant rules provide:

**1\. Service of statement of claim (O. 18, r. 1)**

Unless the Court gives leave to the contrary or a statement of claim is
endorsed on the writ, the plaintiff must serve a statement of claim on the
defendant or, if there are 2 or more defendants, on each defendant, and must
do so either when the writ is served on that defendant or at any time after
service of the writ but before the expiration of 14 days after that defendant
enters an appearance.

…

**1\. Default in service of statement of claim (O. 19, r. 1)**

Where the plaintiff is required by these Rules to serve a statement of claim
on a defendant and he fails to serve it on him, the defendant may, after the
expiration of the period fixed under these Rules for service of the statement
of claim, apply to the Court for an order to dismiss the action, and the Court
may by order dismiss the action or make such other order on such terms as it
thinks just.

8 Ms Chua emphasised that the Plaintiff accepted that it has failed to serve a
statement of claim, but argued that this does not lead to the conclusion that
all proceedings, both _in personam_ and _in rem_ , should be dismissed. The
Plaintiff was willing to concede that the _in personam_ proceedings may be
dismissed.[note: 6] However, Ms Chua argued that the _in rem_ proceedings
should not be dismissed given that there are not yet any live _in rem_
proceedings against the Vessels.

9 On the second issue, Mr Khoo argued that the Suits should be stayed pursuant
to s 6 of the IAA. Section 6(1) of the IAA provides:

Notwithstanding Article 8 of the Model Law, where any party to an arbitration
agreement to which this Act applies institutes any proceedings in any court
against any other party to the agreement in respect of any matter which is the
subject of the agreement, any party to the agreement may, at any time after
appearance and before delivering any pleading or taking any other step in the
proceedings, apply to that court to stay the proceedings so far as the
proceedings relate to that matter.

10 Section 6(1) of the IAA sets out the “threshold requirements” that need to
be met before a court is bound to stay legal proceedings in favour of
international arbitration (_The “Engedi”_ [2010] 3 SLR 409 (“ _The Engedi_ ”)
at [14]). In order for a stay to be granted, the following must be
demonstrated: (a) the existence of an international arbitration agreement; (b)
a party to that agreement must institute court proceedings against another
party to the same agreement; (c) the proceedings must be in respect of a
matter which is the subject of the agreement; (d) the party seeking a stay
must have entered appearance in the court proceedings; and (e) the party
seeking a stay must do so before delivering any pleading or taking any other
step in the proceedings (_ibid_).

11 Ms Chua emphasised that the Plaintiff accepted that based on the above
principles, the _in personam_ proceedings should be stayed.[note: 7] However,
she argued that the _in rem_ proceedings should not be stayed as the court’s
_in rem_ jurisdiction has not yet been invoked.

Decision

12 I begin by addressing the first issue, _viz_ , whether the Suits should be
dismissed on the basis that no statement of claim had been served. Given Ms
Chua’s indication that the Plaintiff accepts that there may be dismissal or
stay of the _in personam_ proceedings (see [8] and [11] above), I focus my
analysis on whether there may also be such a dismissal or stay of _in rem_
proceedings. To address this issue, it is necessary to first consider whether
the _in rem_ jurisdiction of the court has been invoked.

13 A writ _in rem_ must be served on the _res_ against which the action is
brought except where the property is freight or the property has been sold by
the Sheriff (O 70 r 7(1) of the Rules of Court). Service of an _in rem_ writ
may be effected by service on the ship, or by arresting the ship (_The
“Fierbinti”_ [1994] 3 SLR(R) 574 (“ _The Fierbinti_ ”) at [34] and [36]). In
the present case, it is undisputed that the writ _in rem_ has _not_ been
served on the _res_ , and that the _in rem_ jurisdiction of the court has not
been invoked.[note: 8]

14 While there has been deemed service on the Defendants by virtue of the
Defendants having entered appearance _gratis_ (pursuant to O 70 r 7(2) read
with O 10 r 1(3) of the Rules of Court), deemed service on a defendant _does
not_ equate to deemed service on the _res_ (see _Singapore Civil Procedure
2015_ vol 1 (G P Selvam gen ed) (Sweet & Maxwell Asia, 2014) at para 70/7/1).
The _in rem_ jurisdiction of the court is _not_ invoked even where there is
deemed service of the _in rem_ writ on a defendant (_The Fierbinti_ at [19]).
As such, the effect of the entry of appearance by the Defendants invokes only
the _in personam_ jurisdiction of the court (_ibid_ at [18]).

15 In _The “Bolbina”_ [1993] 3 SLR(R) 894 (“ _The Bolbina_ ”), the High Court
had occasion to consider three possible scenarios which may arise in an
admiralty action _in rem_ :

(a) First, where the writ _in rem_ is served on the owner of the vessel and
the owner provides security and enters an appearance (_The Bolbina_ at
[13(a)]). In this scenario, the proceedings at all times remain _in personam_
, while the _in rem_ contents of the action remain dormant, the “ship being
kept out of the scene” (_ibid_). The action, although originally commenced as
an _in rem_ action, becomes a _personam_ action against the defendant owners
upon their appearance (_ibid_).

(b) Second, where the writ _in rem_ is served on the vessel and the warrant of
arrest is executed and there is no appearance (_ibid_ at [13(b)]). In this
scenario, the plaintiff is left to proceed in default and have the vessel sold
to satisfy the claims against it (_ibid_). This is “the true admiralty action
_in rem_ ” (_ibid_).

(c) Third, where the writ _in rem_ is served on the vessel, the vessel is
arrested, and the owners enter an appearance but do not provide bail or other
_personam_ security (_ibid_ at [13(c)]). Here, the action is both “ _in rem_
and _in personam_ ” because the ship is taken as security, and a judgment
binds both the _res_ as well as the defendants (_ibid_).

16 The present case does not fall neatly into any of the three scenarios
envisaged in _The Bolbina_. Here, the writ _in rem_ has not been served on the
Vessels. While the owners have entered an appearance _gratis_ , they have not
provided any security. However, reasoning by analogy from the first scenario
in _The Bolbina_ (which is the only scenario of the three in which the writ
_in rem_ is _not_ served on the Vessel), and taking into account the
principles in _The Fierbinti_ (see [13]–[14] above), the Defendants’
appearance _gratis_ has invoked only the _in personam_ jurisdiction of the
court, while the _in rem_ contents of the action remain dormant. As such, I
agreed with Ms Chua that it would not be possible to dismiss or stay the _in
rem_ proceedings in view that the _in rem_ jurisdiction of the court has not
yet been invoked.

17 It should be added that, in any case, with regard to a stay of the _in rem_
proceedings in favour of arbitration, there can be no “international
arbitration agreement” concerning the _in rem_ proceedings because the Vessels
cannot be parties to the arbitration agreement between the Plaintiff and the
Defendants (see _The Engedi_ at [19]). As such, the court is not obliged to
grant a stay of the _in rem_ proceedings pursuant to s 6 of the IAA (_ibid_).

18 It should further be noted that, from a practical perspective, it would
appear neither satisfactory nor fair to dismiss or stay the _in rem_
proceedings. If such a dismissal or stay is granted, the Plaintiff will be
left in an unenviable situation. The Plaintiff will first have to apply to
set-aside the dismissal or to lift the stay (as the case may be), before it
may apply for a warrant of arrest to arrest any of the Vessels. The Defendants
would thus have been put on notice and there is a real possibility that the
Vessels would leave Singapore port limits before the warrant of arrest is
issued. Therefore, granting a dismissal or stay of the _in rem_ proceedings
may render illusory the Plaintiff’s right to arrest the Vessels as security
for foreign arbitration proceedings, which the Plaintiff would otherwise
ordinarily have been entitled to do (see, _eg_ , _The “ICL Raja Mahendra”_
[1998] 2 SLR(R) 922 at [22]). The Plaintiff should not be put to such a
disadvantage simply because the Defendants chose to enter appearance _gratis_.

19 I turn now to consider whether a dismissal or stay of the _in personam_
proceedings should be granted. As alluded to above, Ms Chua rightly conceded
that it might be possible to dismiss or stay the _in personam_ proceedings
while allowing the _in rem_ proceedings to lie dormant.

20 In my view, the _in personam_ proceedings should be stayed rather than
dismissed. Here, both parties agreed that there was an international
arbitration agreement and that proceedings should be stayed for arbitration.
In the circumstances, it seemed neither satisfactory nor fair to dismiss the
_in personam_ proceedings out of hand simply because the Defendants opted to
enter appearance _gratis_ and insist on the Plaintiff’s filing of a statement
of claim, when – at the very latest, after receiving the affidavit of Axel
Salander dated 24 March 2015 – the Defendants were or would have been aware
that the dispute was to be dealt with at arbitration proceedings and that the
writs had been filed for protective reasons. In the circumstances, I did not
see why the Plaintiff should be forced to take a further step in the
proceedings, or suffer a dismissal of its claims for failing to do so. In this
regard, I note the Defendants’ concerns that “it cannot be the case that the
Plaintiff is allowed to take no steps whatsoever to either advance its claim
_in personam_ or to stay proceedings in Singapore”, and that to allow the
Plaintiff to sit on the writ “would be tantamount to the Plaintiff being
allowed to commence litigation with no intention to bring it to a
conclusion”.[note: 9] However, these concerns would, in my view, be adequately
dealt with by the stay of the _in personam_ proceedings that I have ordered.

21 From a practical perspective, it also appears more ideal to stay rather
than dismiss the _in personam_ proceedings. Should the _in personam_
proceedings be dismissed, in the event that the Plaintiff successfully arrests
any of the Vessels, the Defendants would not be able to contest the _in
personam_ proceedings at all, resulting in a situation where the Plaintiff may
“proceed in default and have the ship sold” (see [15(b)] above). In contrast,
where the _in personam_ proceedings are merely stayed, in the event that an
arrest is made, it would still be open to the Defendants to apply for a
lifting of the stay for the purposes of determining the merits of the arrest.

Conclusion

22 In view of the above, I dismissed prayer 1 of the Summonses, and granted
prayer 2 in part by ordering a stay of the _in personam_ aspects of the Suits.
I will hear parties on costs.

* * *

[note: 1]Para 9 of the affidavits of Axel Salander (filed in the Suits) dated
24 February 2015

[note: 2]Para 9 of the affidavits of Axel Salander (filed in the Suits) dated
24 February 2015

[note: 3]Para 10 of the affidavits of Axel Salander (filed in the Suits) dated
24 February 2015

[note: 4]Para 9 of the affidavit of Axel Salander (filed in ADM 240 of 2014)
dated 24 February 2015

[note: 5]Para 9 of the affidavits of Axel Salander (filed in ADM 241, 242,
243, 244 and 245 of 2014) dated 24 February 2015

[note: 6]Paras 31 and 32 of the Plaintiff’s Written Submissions dated 13 March
2015; and see para 17 of the affidavits of Axel Salander (filed in the Suits)
dated 24 February 2015

[note: 7]Para 38 of the Plaintiff’s Written Submissions dated 13 March 2015;
and see para 17 of the affidavits of Mr Axel Salander (filed in the Suits)
dated 24 February 2015

[note: 8]Para 12 of the affidavits of Klaus Dimigen (filed in the Suits) dated
10 March 2015

[note: 9]Para 12 of the affidavits of Klaus Dimigen (filed in the Suits) dated
10 March 2015

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 06 Apr 2015 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

