Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Lee Seng Eder _v_ Wee Kim Chwee and others  
[2015] SGHCR 2

Case Number| :| Suit No 134 of 2014 (Summons No 4833 of 2014 and Summons No
4860 of 2014)  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 06 January 2015  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Justin Yeo AR  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Mr Ong Ying Ping (OPT Law Corporation) for the Plaintiff;
Mr Lai Swee Fung and Mr Liu Kam Ward (Unilegal LLC) for the 1st and 2nd
Defendants; Mr Nedumaran Muthukrishnan (M Nedumaran & Co) for the 3rd and 4th
Defendants.  
Parties| :|  Lee Seng Eder — Wee Kim Chwee and others  
  
6 January 2015|  
---|---  
  
Justin Yeo AR:

1 The Defendants, namely Wee Kim Chwee (“the 1st Defendant”), Tien Shin (“the
2nd Defendant”), Goh York Quee Bernard (“the 3rd Defendant”) and N M Solution
Pte Ltd (“the 4th Defendant”), applied to strike out the Plaintiff’s Statement
of Claim (Amendment No 1) (“the Statement of Claim”). Summons No 4833 of 2014
was taken out by the 3rd and 4th Defendants, while Summons No 4860 of 2014 was
taken out by the 1st and 2nd Defendants (collectively, the “Summonses”). The
Summonses are identical for all intents and purposes and may be dealt with
together.

2 I rendered judgment for both Summonses on 1 December 2014, and ordered that
the time for the taking out of any appeal on my decision would commence from
the date of this written decision.

Facts

3 The Plaintiff is a shareholder of Neu-Movers Logistics Pte Ltd (“the
Company”), and presently holds 40% of the shares in the Company. The Company
is in the business of logistics, and provides customers with transport,
storage, manpower, equipment and machinery for moving physical items from one
place to another. The Plaintiff was a founder of the Company, and was its
managing director until sometime in February 2012 when he was removed from
that position at an extraordinary general meeting.

4 The 1st and 2nd Defendants are the directors and shareholders of the Company
who approved the removal of the Plaintiff as managing director.[note: 1] The
2nd Defendant is effectively the controlling shareholder of the Company while
the 1st Defendant manages its day-to-day operations and activities.[note: 2]
The 3rd Defendant is a former employee of the Company, and is the sole
director and shareholder of the 4th Defendant.[note: 3] The Company had
allegedly assigned its goodwill and assets to the 4th Defendant.

5 The present suit is related to earlier proceedings instituted by the
Plaintiff against the Defendants in Originating Summons 407 of 2013 (“OS
407”). The proceedings and decision in OS 407 formed a significant bulk of the
arguments raised on the Summonses. OS 407 was the Plaintiff’s application for
leave under s 216A of the Companies Act (Cap 50, 2006 Rev Ed) (“the Act”) to
commence a derivative action in the name and on behalf of the Company against,
_inter alia_ , the four Defendants. Subsequently, the Plaintiff discontinued
OS 407 against the 3rd and 4th Defendants and OS 407 proceeded without their
attendance or involvement.

6 On 31 December 2013, Andrew Ang J (“Ang J”) issued a judgment dismissing OS
407. The learned Judge’s written decision is found in _Lee Seng Eder v Wee Kim
Chwee and others_ [2014] 2 SLR 56 (“ _Lee Seng Eder_ ”). In gist, Ang J found
that the requirements for leave to bring a derivative action under s 216A of
the Act were not made out, for the following reasons:

(a) First, the Plaintiff had failed to give 14 days’ notice to the directors
of the Company of his intention to apply to the Court under s 216A(2) of the
Act despite having ample time and opportunity to do so (_Lee Seng Eder_ at
[8]).

(b) Second, it would not be in the interests of the Company to expend
considerable sums of money to bring the action before liquidation (_Lee Seng
Eder_ at [15]). On this last mentioned point, Ang J noted that the precarious
state of the Company’s financial position meant that liquidation of the
Company is “more than likely”, and that even if leave were granted to the
Plaintiff to commence the action, the liquidator “may well choose to
discontinue the action upon liquidation” (_Lee Seng Eder_ at [15]). The issue
of bringing an action against the directors of the Company “should more
appropriately be raised for the liquidator’s consideration after the Company
is in liquidation” (_Lee Seng Eder_ at [15]).

7 The Plaintiff did not appeal against the decision in _Lee Seng Eder_.
Instead, less than a month after the decision, the Plaintiff took out the
present suit against all four Defendants, raising various allegations against
them. The allegations are contained in the Statement of Claim, to which I now
turn.

The Statement of Claim

8 The Statement of Claim is a relatively short document comprising 14
paragraphs. However, despite its brevity, the document was unclear and it was
uncertain as to how the different complaints and claims raised interfaced with
each other. I raised numerous queries to counsel for the Plaintiff, Mr Ong
Ying Ping (“Mr Ong”), seeking clarification on various aspects of the
Statement of Claim. In brief, there were five fundamental uncertainties
concerning the Statement of Claim.

(a) The first major uncertainty stemmed from the fact that the Statement of
Claim was unclear about what acts of the Defendants were being alleged to
result in the Plaintiff suffering loss and damage. Paragraph 13 of the
Statement of Claim purported to provide the particulars of all the loss and
damage suffered by the Plaintiff. It indicated that as a result of the matters
set out “particularly [in] paragraphs 10, 11 and 12A [of the Statement of
Claim]”, the Plaintiff suffered the losses that he is now claiming for. No
specific reference, however, was made to paragraphs 7, 8, 9 and 12 of the
Statement of Claim, and it was uncertain what loss or damage the Plaintiff
alleged had arisen _vis-à-vis_ those paragraphs. Mr Ong clarified upon my
query that paragraph 13 of the Statement of Claim was erroneous, and that it
should have referred to paragraphs 7 to 12A of the Statement of Claim.

(b) The second major uncertainty was that paragraph 13 of the Statement of
Claim, which purported to list the loss and damage suffered by the Plaintiff,
did not specify that the Plaintiff had suffered any loss and damage from the
2nd Defendant’s alleged breach of contract. The Plaintiff’s claim for “damages
for breach of contract” was somewhat confusingly contained in a separate
paragraph. Upon my query, Mr Ong clarified that the loss and damage from the
breach of contract should have been pleaded in paragraph 13 of the Statement
of Claim, and applied to amend the Statement of Claim to indicate the same.

(c) The third major uncertainty stemmed from paragraph 14(b) of the Statement
of Claim. In this paragraph, the Plaintiff purported to claim “[d]amages
against [_sic_] the [1st and 2nd] Defendants’ breach of fiduciary duties”.
This paragraph appeared to be related to paragraph 6 of the Statement of
Claim, which confusingly stated that “the 1st and 2nd Defendant and [_sic_]
each of them owed a duty to the Plaintiff to discharge his [_sic_] fiduciary
duty [_sic_] to the Company in order to preserve the value of the Plaintiff’s
shares in the Company”. There was some confusion as to how the Plaintiff could
seek damages for breaches of fiduciary duties, when he had expressly pleaded
in paragraph 5 of the Statement of Claim that these fiduciary duties were owed
to the Company rather than to him. Upon my query, Mr Ong clarified that the
“duty” owed to the Plaintiff was a duty on the part of the 1st and 2nd
Defendants to discharge their fiduciary duties to the Company, as this would
have an impact on the value of the Plaintiff’s shares in the Company. He
further characterized the nature of the “duty” as a duty not to oppress a
minority shareholder, and suggested that it was a duty that correlated with s
216 of the Act. To this end, he suggested that their alleged breach of
fiduciary duties had resulted, _inter alia_ , in the 1st and 2nd Defendants
causing the Company to assign or transfer the Company’s assets at an
undervalue or nominal value (“the Suspect Transactions”), which in turn
resulted in:[note: 4]

(i) The Plaintiff losing his employment with the Company.

(ii) The Company becoming insolvent and hence being unable to pay the
Plaintiff the sum of $36,000.

(iii) The diminution of the value of the Plaintiff’s shares in the Company.

(d) The fourth major uncertainty related to the oppression claim against the
1st and 2nd Defendants as stated in paragraph 12A of the Statement of Claim.
It was unclear as to where the oppression claim featured in the summary of
claims stated by the Plaintiff in paragraph 14 of the Statement of Claim. On
my query, Mr Ong clarified that the oppression claim in paragraph 12A was
subsumed under the claim against the 1st and 2nd Defendants for breaches of
their fiduciary duties, and that this should have been made clearer. He
therefore applied to amend the Statement of Claim accordingly.

(e) The fifth major uncertainty stemmed from the fact that although the
Plaintiff sought an account of monies “misappropriated or recovered by the
Defendants”, as well as the monies received by the Defendants “which were
secret profits received in fraud on the Company” (see paragraphs 14(c) and
14(d) of the Statement of Claim), the body of the Statement of Claim was
entirely silent on any form of fraud or misappropriation. Mr Ong could not
explain why this was so, and asked to be given an opportunity to amend the
Statement of Claim.

9 With Mr Ong’s clarification and corresponding application to amend, I
classified the Statement of Claim into three main categories of claims so that
the parties and the court could proceed on a common understanding. The three
categories were as follows:

(a) The first category was a contractual claim against the 2nd Defendant (“the
Category One Claim”). The Plaintiff alleged that, in consideration of his
agreement to relinquish his position as managing director, the 2nd Defendant
had agreed that the Company would pay to the Plaintiff a sum of $36,000, being
a sum equivalent to four and a half months of the Plaintiff’s last drawn
salary at that time;[note: 5] and that the 2nd Defendant would purchase the
Plaintiff’s shares in the Company.[note: 6] It should be noted that the
contractual claim against the 2nd Defendant is limited to the latter point,
_viz_ an alleged breach of the contract to purchase the Plaintiff’s
shares.[note: 7] It did not extend to the former point, _viz_ the agreement
that the Company would pay the Plaintiff a sum of $36,000.

(b) The second category of claim concerned the Plaintiff’s seeking of damages
against the 1st and 2nd Defendants for their breach of their fiduciary duties
owed to the Company (“the Category Two Claim”). As mentioned in [8(c)] above,
the Plaintiff contended that the breach of fiduciary duties resulted in his
loss of employment, his loss of $36,000, and the diminution of the value of
his shares. The oppression claim also fell within this category (see [8(d)]
above).

(c) The third category concerned the Plaintiff’s claim against all four
Defendants (“the Category Three Claim”). The claims were for:

(i) An account of all sums misappropriated or received by the Defendants and
an order for payment to the Company of all sums found due on the taking of the
account for the purposes of valuing the Plaintiff’s shares in the
Company.[note: 8]

(ii) An account of all sums received by the Defendants which were secret
profits received in fraud on the Company and an order for payment to the
Company of all sums found due on the taking of the account for the purposes of
valuing the Plaintiff’s shares in the Company.[note: 9]

(iii) Alternatively, for damages to be assessed.[note: 10]

At the second hearing before me, Mr Ong clarified that the claim against all
four Defendants also included claims for loss and damage occasioned by an
alleged “conspiracy by unlawful means to cause damage to the Plaintiff’s
interest as shareholder of the [Company]”. He stated that the Plaintiff’s
position was that the matters pleaded in paragraphs 10 to 12 of the Statement
of Claim, which resulted in the Plaintiff’s alleged loss of employment, loss
of $36,000, and the diminution of the value of his shares, were also claims
against the 3rd and 4th Defendants. However, this position was somewhat
confusingly omitted from the summary of claims in paragraph 14 of the
Statement of Claim. Mr Ong applied to amend the Statement of Claim to clarify
this point.

Issues before this court

10 The three issues before the court, in the order in which they were raised
in the parties’ submissions, were as follows:

(a) First, whether the Statement of Claim should be struck out as an abuse of
process of the court under O 18 r 19(1)(d) of the Rules of Court, given that
the issues raised were _res judicata_.

(b) Second, whether the Statement of Claim should be struck out for disclosing
no reasonable cause of action, under O 18 r 19(1)(a) of the Rules of Court.

(c) Third, whether the Statement of Claim should be struck out for being
scandalous, frivolous or vexatious, under O 18 r 19(1)(b) of the Rules of
Court.

Issue One: Abuse of Process – _Res Judicata_

11 Counsel for the 1st and 2nd Defendants, Mr Lai Swee Fung (“Mr Lai”) and
counsel for the 3rd and 4th Defendants, Mr Nedumaran Muthukrishnan (“Mr
Nedumaran”) argued that the Plaintiff was seeking to re-litigate issues that
had been addressed in OS 407 _._ As such, the Plaintiff’s bringing of the
Statement of Claim was a breach of the _res judicata_ rule, and constituted an
abuse of process.

The law

12 The law on _res judicata_ and issue estoppel is well established and does
not have to be rehearsed at length. _Res judicata_ is a means through which
the law discourages re-litigation of the same issues except by means of an
appeal (_Arthur JS Hall v Simmons, Barratt v Ansell (t/a Seddon (a firm)_),
_Harris v Scholfield Roberts & Hill (a firm)_ [2000] 1 AC 615 at 701). The
rationale for the doctrine is clear: it is not in the interests of justice to
permit repeated litigation on the same facts, as this could result in
collateral challenges to judicial decisions, and/or potentially result in
conflicting judicial decisions.

13 There are three aspects of the umbrella doctrine of _res judicata_ , namely
“cause of action estoppel”, “issue estoppel” and “abuse of process” (see
_Burgundy Global exploration Corp v Transocean Offshore International Ventures
Ltd and another appeal_ [2014] 3 SLR 381 (“ _Burgundy_ ”) at [36], citing _Goh
Nellie v Goh Lian Teck_ [2007] 1 SLR(R) 453 (“ _Goh Nellie_ ”) at [17]):

(a) Cause of action estoppel is the principle that “prevents a party from
asserting or denying, as against the other party, the existence of a
particular cause of action, the non-existence or existence of which has been
determined by a court of competent jurisdiction in previous litigation between
the same parties” (_Thoday v Thoday_ [1964] P 181 at 197-198).

(b) Issue estoppel prevents the re-litigation of an issue which the court has
already determined on the merits in previous proceedings between the same
parties (_Wing Joo Loong Ginseng Hong (Singapore) Co Pte Ltd v Qinghai Xinyuan
Foreign Trade Co Ltd and another and another appeal_ [2009] 2 SLR(R) 814 (“
_Wing Joo Loong_ ”) at [165]). The following four requirements have to be met
in order to establish issue estoppel (_ibid_ , and also see _Lee Tat
Development Pte Ltd v Management Corporation of Strata Title Plan No 301_
[2005] 3 SLR(R) 157 at [14]):

(i) First, there must be a final and conclusive judgment on the merits of the
issue which is said to be subject to estoppel. Issue estoppel “cannot begin to
be established unless it can be ascertained with some degree of precision what
it was that the dominant judgment… decided” (_Wing Joo Loong_ at [169]).

(ii) Second, the judgment must be by a court of competent jurisdiction;

(iii) Third, there must be identity of parties to the two actions being
compared; and

(iv) Fourth, there must be identity of subject matter in those two actions. In
this regard, three distinct points must be considered (_Wing Joo Loong_ at
[167], citing _Goh Nellie_ at [34], [35] and [38]):

(A) The prior decision must traverse the same ground as that in the subsequent
proceeding, and the facts and circumstances giving rise to the earlier
decision must not have changed;

(B) The previous determination in question must have been fundamental and not
merely collateral to the previous decision; and

(C) The issue which is said to be subject to estoppel should be shown in fact
to have been raised and argued.

(c) The doctrine of “abuse of process” has been called the “extended doctrine
of _res judicata_ ”. It prevents, _inter alia_ , a litigant from mounting a
collateral attack on a previous decision (_Burgundy_ at [36]).

Parties’ arguments

14 Mr Lai argued that the Plaintiff’s claim constituted all three aspects of
the umbrella doctrine of _res judicata_ :

(a) First, on cause of action estoppel, Mr Lai argued that Ang J had already
refused to grant leave to the Plaintiff to bring a derivative action against
the Defendants for breaching their duties as directors, and therefore, it must
be inferred that the Plaintiff no longer has a valid cause of action against
the Defendants.[note: 11]

(b) Second, on issue estoppel, Mr Lai argued that the Plaintiff was
effectively bringing a “sequel action” that was “premised on the same factual
matrix as the earlier decided action”.[note: 12] The Plaintiff had filed a
voluminous affidavit in OS 407 detailing several actions of the 1st and 2nd
Defendants which he claimed constituted breaches of directors’ duties.[note:
13] The issue of whether the 1st and 2nd Defendants had breached their duties
as directors thus “formed the entire platform for the Plaintiff’s s 216A
Application”.[note: 14] In the Statement of Claim, the Plaintiff had relied on
the same grounds raised before Ang J, “merely repeat[ing] the same allegations
_and bring[ing] nothing new to the table_ ” (emphasis in original).[note: 15]
The Plaintiff had also included the same allegations concerning the sale of
the Company’s assets at undervalue; he was simply re-branding his claim as one
based on an alleged conspiracy, and relying on the same grounds which Ang J
had considered did not merit the s 216A application.[note: 16] Furthermore,
paragraph 11(c) of the Statement of Claim made reference to OS 407, thus
indicating that the Plaintiff was simply re-hashing the points he had already
raised in OS 407.[note: 17]

(c) Third, on abuse of process, Mr Lai argued that Ang J had considered the
evidence and the written submissions of all the parties, and only dismissed OS
407 after carefully examining all the evidence and arguments.[note: 18] Ang J
had clearly held that in the prevailing circumstances it would be better to
wait for the likely situation in which the Company would be liquidated, and
for the liquidators to bring the action against the allegedly errant
directors. If the Plaintiff was dissatisfied with Ang J’s decision, he should
have appealed against it, but failed to do so.[note: 19] He should not be
permitted to pursue a collateral attack on Ang J’s decision.

15 Mr Nedumaran agreed with Mr Lai’s submissions, and added that the Plaintiff
had voluntarily withdrawn OS 407 as against the 3rd and 4th Defendants, and
should not be allowed to re-litigate issues.[note: 20]

Decision

16 I found that the Statement of Claim did not fall foul of any of the three
aspects of _res judicata_ , for four reasons:

(a) First, OS 407 did not provide a conclusive judgment on the merits
regarding the Suspect Transactions.[note: 21]

(b) Second, the parties in OS 407 were not identical to the parties in the
present suit because the Plaintiff discontinued OS 407 against the 3rd and 4th
Defendants. Furthermore, the 3rd and 4th Defendants were not directors of the
Company against whom the Company could have sought remedies in OS 407.

(c) Third, the two proceedings concerned different subject matter. In OS 407,
the main issues decided by Ang J related to whether the Plaintiff’s failure to
give a 14-day notice was fatal to the application, and whether it was in the
interests of the Company for leave to be granted for a s 216A action to be
brought. Ang J did not evaluate the _prima facie_ evidence of the Suspect
Transactions in the context of whether they amounted to a conspiracy among the
Defendants to injure the Plaintiff. OS 407 was also not concerned with whether
there was minority oppression of the Plaintiff.[note: 22]

17 As such, there was no basis to strike out the Plaintiff’s Statement of
Claim under O 18 r 19(1)(d) of the Rules of Court.

Issue Two: No reasonable cause of action

18 O 18 r 19(1)(a) empowers the court to strike out any pleading on the ground
that it discloses no reasonable cause of action. As long as the statement of
claim discloses some cause of action or raises some question fit to be decided
by the court, the court will not strike out the claim simply because the case
might be weak and unlikely to succeed (see _Singapore Civil Procedure 2015_
vol 1 (G P Selvam gen ed) (Sweet & Maxwell Asia, 2014) (“ _Singapore Civil
Procedure_ ”) at paragraph 18/19/10).

Parties’ arguments

19 Both Mr Lai and Mr Nedumaran argued that the Statement of Claim ought to be
struck out under O 18 r 19(1)(a) of the Rules of Court as it disclosed no
reasonable cause of action. Their arguments may be summarised as follows:

(a) First, for the Category One Claim, the Plaintiff failed to plead the price
of the shares and/or the mechanism for determining the price of the
shares.[note: 23] The “most crucial ingredient for a contract to exist, the
price, is missing”, and therefore there is no contract on which the Plaintiff
can sue.[note: 24] Furthermore, the Defendants are the wrong defendants in
relation to the payment of $36,000, as the Plaintiff had pleaded at paragraph
7 of the Statement of Claim that “the Company would pay [the Plaintiff]” the
sum of $36,000. The proper paying party was the Company, and therefore the
cause of action lay only against the Company.[note: 25]

(b) Second, for the Category Two and Category Three Claims, the Plaintiff was
not the proper plaintiff. The Plaintiff’s claim in the present suit was
brought in his capacity as the shareholder of the company, as evident from the
fact that he referred to himself as a shareholder of the Company in paragraphs
1, 5, 6, 12 and 12A of the Statement of Claim.[note: 26] The central and _sine
qua non_ ingredient to all causes of action claimed by the Plaintiff is that
the Defendants breached their duties as directors of the Company.[note: 27] It
is settled law that the proper plaintiff in a breach of director’s duties case
is the Company, not the individual shareholder.[note: 28] A shareholder can
only commence an action against a company for the breach of duty by a director
if he obtains leave pursuant to s 216A of the Act.[note: 29] In this regard,
the Plaintiff’s act of applying for leave under s 216A of the Act constituted
a clear acknowledgement that the proper plaintiff for the alleged breaches of
directors’ duties is the company, and that the Plaintiff did not have _locus
standi_ to bring an action premised on the breach of directors’ duties.[note:
30]

20 Mr Ong responded to the arguments as follows:

(a) In relation to the Category One Claim, Mr Ong argued that the proper
remedy for any lack of particulars would be an order for amendment of
pleadings rather than striking out. He also clarified that the $36,000 was not
claimed as part of the contractual claim, but rather, that it was part of a
“conspiracy by unlawful means”; it therefore fell under the Category Two and
Category Three Claims, not the Category One Claim.

(b) In relation to the Category Two and Category Three Claims, Mr Ong argued
the failure to bring a derivative action did not prevent a shareholder from
bringing a claim in his own name, since a shareholder’s right of action was
distinct from that of the company, even if it flowed form the same wrongful
action.[note: 31] The principle that two distinct causes of actions owed to
two different parties can arise from the same breach of duty is well
established (see _Giles v Rhind_ [2003] Ch 618 (CA) (“ _Giles_ ”), _Johnson v
Gorewood & Co_ [2002] 2 AC 1 (HL) (“ _Johnson_ ”)).[note: 32] A shareholder
can also bring a claim in his personal capacity even if the company has no
cause of action (_Hengwell Development v Thing Chiang Ching_ [2002] 2 SLR(R)
454 (“ _Hengwell_ ”)).[note: 33]

Decision

The Category One Claim

21 On the Category One Claim, it is true that the Plaintiff has omitted to
plead certain details concerning the alleged contract. But this is not fatal
to the Statement of Claim. What is required is better particularisation of the
claim, rather than striking out the claim altogether. I therefore ordered the
Plaintiff to amend the Statement of Claim to properly particularise the
contractual claim against the 2nd Defendant.

The Category Two and Three Claims

22 The heart of the parties’ dispute was over the Category Two and Three
Claims. These claims related to what is known as the “proper plaintiff” rule.
The basis of the “proper plaintiff” rule is that wrongs against a company are
efficiently and fairly disposed of by regulating the category of persons who
can recover what is effectively the company’s loss (_Townsing Henry George v
Jenton Overseas Investment Pte Ltd (in liquidation)_ [2007] 2 SLR(R) 597 (CA)
(“ _Townsing_ ”) at [78]). The reflective loss principle is a variant of the
“proper plaintiff” rule (_Townsing_ at [78]; _Ng Kek Wee v Sim City Technology
Ltd_ [2014] SGCA 47 (“ _Ng Kek Wee_ ”) at [61]).

23 In a situation where the shareholder’s loss merely reflects the company’s
loss that would be made good if the company had enforced its full rights. In
such a scenario, the proper party to recover the reflective loss is the
company and not the shareholder (_Ng Kek Wee_ at [61]). In _Johnson_ , Lord
Bingham provided an instructive overview of who the proper plaintiff would be
in the following three scenarios (see also _Hengwell_ at [18]):

(a) First, where a company suffers loss caused by a breach owed to it, only
the company may sue in respect of that loss;

(b) Second, where a company suffers loss but has no cause of action to sue to
recover that loss, the shareholder may sue in respect of it (if he has a cause
of action to do so), even though the loss is a diminution in the value of the
shareholding; and

(c) Third, where a company suffers loss caused by a breach of duty to it, and
a shareholder suffers a loss separate and distinct from that suffered by the
company caused by breach of a duty independently owed to the shareholder, each
may sue to recover the loss caused to it by breach of the duty owed to it but
neither may recover loss caused to the other by breach of the duty owed to
that other.

24 On the Category Two Claim, the damage and loss caused to the Plaintiff was
allegedly the loss of employment, the loss of the $36,000 and the diminution
of the value of the Plaintiff’s shares in the Company. Damage and loss also
apparently flowed from the oppression claim.

25 The loss of employment and the loss of $36,000 were losses that were
personal to the Plaintiff. While Mr Lai argued that the Company was the proper
defendant in relation to the $36,000, the issue concerning the $36,000 must be
read in the context that the Plaintiff had also pleaded that as part of a
“conspiracy by unlawful means”, the Defendants had caused the Company to
become insolvent and therefore unable to pay the sum of $36,000 (see paragraph
10 of the Statement of Claim). It therefore cannot be said that there is no
reasonable cause of action on the claims for loss of employment and the loss
of $36,000.

26 The oppression claim, by its very nature, also concerned a loss personal to
the Plaintiff. However, as mentioned at [8(d)] above, the relationship between
the oppression claim and the claims raised at paragraph 14 of the Statement of
Claim was unclear. I therefore ordered the Plaintiff to amend the Statement of
Claim to properly particularise the oppression claim stated in paragraph 12A
of the Statement of Claim, and how this correlated with the claims in
paragraph 14 of the Statement of Claim.

27 The claim for diminution of the value of shares was more properly brought
by the Company. Where the breaches of a director’s duty results in a
diminution in value of a shareholder’s shareholding or loss of dividends, this
“merely reflects the loss suffered by the company in respect of which the
company has its own cause of action” (_Johnson_ at 62, cited in _Townsing_ at
[75]). Paragraphs 12 and 13(c) of the Statement of Claim therefore disclosed
no reasonable cause of action, and were accordingly struck out.

28 On the Category Three Claim, the essence of the claim is for monies to be
repaid to the company for the purposes of valuing the Plaintiff’s shares in
the Company. In this regard, it relates directly to the diminution in the
value of the shares of the Company. For the reasons mentioned at [27] above,
no reasonable cause of action is revealed by this claim. On a related note, I
also note that while the Plaintiff has claimed an account of all sums received
by the Defendants on the grounds of misappropriation and fraud in paragraphs
14(c) and 14(d) of the Statement of Claim, neither of these grounds were ever
pleaded in the body of the Statement of Claim. I therefore ordered that
paragraphs 14(c), 14(d) and 14(e) of the Statement of Claim be struck out for
revealing no reasonable cause of action.

Issue Three: Scandalous, Frivolous or Vexatious

29 In relation to O 18 r 19(1)(b) of the Rules of Court, Mr Lai argued that
the Category One, Two and Three Claims were “legally unsustainable” and/or
“factually unsustainable”. Mr Lai referred to the fact-law distinction set out
in _The “Bunga Melati 5”_ [2012] 4 SLR 546 (“ _Bunga Melati_ ”). In gist, a
claim is “legally unsustainable” if “it may be clear as a matter of law at the
outset that even if a party were to succeed in proving all the facts that he
offers to prove he will not be entitled to the remedy that he seeks” (_Bunga
Melati_ at [39(a)]). A claim is “factually unsustainable” if it is “possible
to say with confidence before trial that the factual basis for the claim is
fanciful because it is entirely without substance…” (_Bunga Melati_ at
[39(b)]).

30 For the paragraphs of the Statement of Claim that were already struck out
under the analysis on “no reasonable cause of action” above, there would no
longer be a need to analyse these claims under O 18 r 19(1)(b) of the Rules of
Court. In any case, those claims also appeared to be legally unsustainable. It
was therefore only necessary to analyse the Category One Claim as well as the
parts of the Category Two Claim relating to the loss of employment, loss of
the $36,000 and oppression.

31 With regard to the Category One Claim, the lack of particularisation of the
price and/or price mechanism in the contract appeared to be the only ground on
which 2nd Defendant argued that the claim ought to be struck out. Mr Lai was
unable to point me to any evidence which suggested that the claim was
factually unsustainable. As mentioned in [21], this was not sufficient to
warrant a striking out.

32 As for the relevant parts of the Category Two Claim, Mr Lai argued that the
Plaintiff was the managing director of the Company in 2009, and that therefore
the Plaintiff should be responsible for the Company losing revenue of more
than $2.6 million each year since then. However, there was simply insufficient
evidence to strike out these claims summarily on grounds of factual
unsustainability.

33 I therefore did not strike out any of the paragraphs of the Statement of
Claim under O 18 r 19(1)(b) of the Rules of Court.

Conclusion

34 In summary, I made the following orders:

(a) Paragraphs 12, 13(c), 14(c), 14(d), 14(e) of the Statement of Claim were
struck out (see [27] and [28] above).

(b) The Plaintiff was to make the necessary amendments to the Statement of
Claim so as to properly particularise the contractual claim against the 2nd
Defendant (see [21] above) and the oppression claim against the 1st and 2nd
Defendants (see [9(c)] above);

(c) I also made directions on a number of further amendments required to
clarify the Statement of Claim. For completeness, these were as follows:

(i) First, there was an error in paragraph 10 of the Statement of Claim. In
particular, the cross-reference to paragraph 5 should be a cross-reference to
paragraph 7.

(ii) Second, paragraph 6 of the Statement of Claim should be amended to make
clear the nature of the duty being referred to.

(iii) Third, paragraph 9 of the Statement of Claim should be amended to avoid
confusion as to who the duties are said to be owed by, as well as the nature
of these duties.

(iv) Fourth, paragraph 13 of the Statement of Claim should be amended to make
clear that the Plaintiff is claiming for loss and damage occasioned by the 2nd
Defendant’s alleged breach of contract. It should also be amended to clarify
the paragraphs that paragraph 13 of the Statement of Claim was intended to
cross-refer to.

35 On the issue of costs, Mr Ong submitted that he was entitled to costs,
because the causes of action relating to oppression and conspiracy by unlawful
means survived the striking out applications. Mr Lai and Mr Nedumaran argued
that their respective clients ought to be entitled to costs as they had, on
balance, succeeded in their respective applications.

36 I adopted an issue-based approach to the award of costs. On the one hand, I
agreed with Mr Lai and Mr Nedumaran that the Statement of Claim was confusing
and presented numerous pitfalls for parties and the court. I also agreed with
them that a not insubstantial portion of the Plaintiff’s claims were either
struck out or ordered to be amended. On the other, I also kept in mind the
fact that Mr Ong had succeeded on the issue of _res judicata_ , an issue on
which a fairly substantial amount of time was expended. Taking all of the
above into consideration, I ordered that the Plaintiff pay two sets of costs,
one to the 1st and 2nd Defendants and the other to the 3rd and 4th Defendants,
with each set of costs fixed at $3,000, all inclusive.

* * *

[note: 1]Statement of Claim at paragraph 3, Defence of the 1st and 2nd
Defendants at paragraph 8.

[note: 2]Statement of Claim at paragraph 3, Defence of the 1st and 2nd
Defendants at paragraph 8.

[note: 3]Statement of Claim at paragraph 4

[note: 4]Statement of Claim at paragraph 13

[note: 5]Statement of Claim at paragraph 7

[note: 6]Statement of Claim at paragraph 8

[note: 7]Statement of Claim at paragraph 14(a)

[note: 8]Statement of Claim at paragraph 14(c)

[note: 9]Statement of Claim at paragraph 14(d)

[note: 10]Statement of Claim at paragraph 14(e)

[note: 11]1st and 2nd Defendant’s Submissions, paragraph 45

[note: 12]1st and 2nd Defendant’s Submissions, paragraph 10

[note: 13]1st and 2nd Defendant’s Submissions, paragraph 4

[note: 14]1st and 2nd Defendant’s Submissions, paragraph 49

[note: 15]1st and 2nd Defendant’s Submissions, paragraph 26

[note: 16]1st and 2nd Defendant’s Submissions, paragraph 35

[note: 17]1st and 2nd Defendant’s Submissions, paragraph 36

[note: 18]1st and 2nd Defendant’s Submissions, paragraph 7

[note: 19]1st and 2nd Defendant’s Submissions, paragraph 51

[note: 20]3rd and 4th Defendant’s Submissions, paragraph 11

[note: 21]Plaintiff’s Submissions, paragraph 12(a)

[note: 22]Plaintiff’s Submissions, paragraph 12(c)(iii)

[note: 23]1st and 2nd Defendant’s Submissions, paragraph 57

[note: 24]1st and 2nd Defendant’s Submissions, paragraph 57

[note: 25]1st and 2nd Defendant’s Submissions, paragraph 53–54

[note: 26]3rd and 4th Defendant’s Submissions, paragraph 13

[note: 27]1st and 2nd Defendant’s Submissions, paragraph 39

[note: 28]1st and 2nd Defendant’s Submissions, paragraph 40

[note: 29]1st and 2nd Defendant’s Submissions, paragraph 40

[note: 30]1st and 2nd Defendant’s Submissions, paragraph 11

[note: 31]Plaintiff’s Supplemental Submissions, paragraph 3

[note: 32]Plaintiff’s Supplemental Submissions, paragraph 4

[note: 33]Plaintiff’s Supplemental Submissions, paragraph 5

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 06 Jan 2015 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

