Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Towa Corp _v_ ASM Technology Singapore Pte Ltd and another  
[2015] SGHCR 4

Case Number| :| Suit No 359 of 2013 (Summons No 4919 of 2014 and Summons No
5125 of 2014)  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 02 February 2015  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Justin Yeo AR  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Mr Foo Maw Jiun and Mr Ng Chong Yuan (Rodyk & Davidson
LLP) for the Plaintiff; Mr Daniel Lim (Joyce A Tan & Partners) for the
Defendants.  
Parties| :|  Towa Corp — ASM Technology Singapore Pte Ltd and another  
  
2 February 2015|  
---|---  
  
Justin Yeo AR:

1 Towa Corporation (“the Plaintiff”) commenced the present suit against ASM
Technology Singapore Pte Ltd (“the First Defendant”) and ASM Pacific
Technology Ltd (“the Second Defendant”) for infringement of the Plaintiff’s
Singapore Patent No SG49740 (“the Patent”). The allegedly infringing machine
is known as the IDEALmold machine.

2 The brief background to this suit was set out previously in my earlier
decision of _Towa Corporation v ASM Technology Singapore Pte Ltd_ [2014] SGHCR
16. The Plaintiff is a company incorporated in Japan and is the proprietor of
the Patent (a patent for moulding resin to seal electronic parts such as
semiconductor devices). The First Defendant is incorporated in Singapore and
carries on the business of providing semiconductor equipment and materials. It
is a wholly owned subsidiary of the Second Defendant, a company incorporated
in the Cayman Islands that is publicly listed in Hong Kong. The First and
Second Defendants are referred to collectively as “the Defendants”.

3 The Defendants applied by way of Summons No 4919 of 2014 seeking specific
discovery of 13 categories of documents (“the Defendants’ Application”). The
Plaintiff applied by way of Summons No 5125 of 2014 seeking specific discovery
of eight categories of documents (“the Plaintiff’s Application”). Both
applications were brought under O 24 r 5 of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5,
2006 Rev Ed) (“Rules of Court”), with reference also made to O 87A r 5 of the
Rules of Court.

The Defendants’ Application

4 The Defendants applied for specific discovery of 13 categories of documents,
although two categories (_ie_ Categories 4 and 13) did not eventually have to
be dealt with (see [32] and [55] below).

Category 1

5 Category 1 of the Defendants’ Application related to documents concerning
issues of validity of the Patent:

All documents (including internal discussions and correspondence with external
parties) relevant to any ground in which validity of the Patent has been put
in issue (novelty, obviousness and insufficiency) that came into existence
within the period beginning 2 years before the earliest claimed priority date
and ending two years after that date ie., 22 July 1991 – 22 July 1995, namely
relating to:

the following words or phrases used in the Patent claims:

(a) "adjusting the number of molding units";

(b) "detachably mounting an additional molding unit";

(c) "molding unit being already provided in an apparatus for molding resin to
seal electronic parts";

(d) "setting a number of said unsealed lead frames having electronic parts
mounted thereon in prescribed positions of a lead frame supply unit";

(e) "being rendered detachably mountable";

(f) "with respect to the said already provided molding unit"; and

(g) "thereby freely increasing/decreasing the number";

and any similarity and/or difference between the feature or features in claims
1, 2, 4 or 5 of Patent and any corresponding feature or features disclosed in
the following:

(h) Japanese Patent Publication No. JP61148016 (A) (“ _Hitachi_ ”);

(i) Japanese Patent Publication No. JP59207635 (A) (“ _NEC Kyushu_ ”); and

(j) the ASA 808K 4-press molding machine ("ASA 808K") inspected by the
Plaintiff on 20 August 2014.

6 The Plaintiff contended that the Patent had never been challenged prior to
this suit, and therefore, no documents fell within this category.[note: 1]
This was premised on a narrow reading of Category 1, in an attempt to limit
the category to challenges as to the validity _of the Patent_ rather than the
grounds on which validity has been put in issue.

7 I disagreed with the Plaintiff’s narrow reading of Category 1. While the
narrow reading was plausible at first blush, I agreed with the Defendants that
Category 1 was not limited to previous challenges to the Patent. Rather, what
the Defendants were seeking were documents relevant to the issues of validity
(_ie_ novelty, obviousness and insufficiency).

8 However, there were difficulties in determining how the documents sought in
Category 1 differed from those that potentially fell within Categories 2, 3
and 6. Counsel for the Defendants submitted that “Category 1 is a larger
circle” while the other categories were probably overlapping circles. He
suggested that examples of possible documents in Category 1 that did not
overlap with Categories 2, 3 and 6 were inventors’ notes or discussions within
the Plaintiff’s organisation. I was not convinced that these were
significantly different from what was sought in Categories 2, 3 and 6.
Category 2 dealt with documents relating to the Plaintiff’s research leading
to the invention in the Patent, Category 3 dealt with documents relating to
the Plaintiff’s opinions expressed in other jurisdictions on the Plaintiff’s
foreign patents, while Category 6 dealt with documents relating to
experimental work up to the date of publication of the Patent. As the
Defendants could not pinpoint any types of documents that would not already
fall within Categories 2, 3 and 6, I did not grant specific discovery of
Category 1.

Categories 2 and 6

9 Categories 2 and 6 of the Defendants’ Application can be dealt with
together.

(a) Category 2 of the Defendants’ Application concerned documents relating to
the Plaintiff’s research leading to the invention in the Patent:

All documents (including internal discussions and correspondence with external
parties) relating to the Plaintiff's research leading to and concerning the
alleged invention in the Patent relevant to any ground in which validity of
the Patent has been put in issue on the grounds of obviousness or
insufficiency, namely relating to:

the following words or phrases used in the Patent claims:

(a) "adjusting the number of molding units";

(b) "detachably mounting an additional molding unit";

(c) "molding unit being already provided in an apparatus for molding resin to
seal electronic parts";

(d) "setting a number of said unsealed lead frames having electronic parts
mounted thereon in prescribed positions of a lead frame supply unit";

(e) "being rendered detachably mountable";

(f) "with respect to the said already provided molding unit";

(g) "thereby freely increasing/decreasing the number";

and any similarity and/or difference between the feature or features in claims
1, 2, 4 or 5 of Patent and any corresponding feature or features disclosed in
the following:

(h) _Hitachi_ ;

(i) _NEC Kyushu_ ; and

(j) the ASA 808K inspected by the Plaintiff on 20 August 2014.

(b) Category 6 of the Defendants’ Application concerned documents relating to
experimental work up to the date of publication of the Patent:

All documents (including internal discussions and correspondence with external
parties) relating to experimental work up to the date of publication of the
Patent relating to the following words or phrases used in the Patent claims:

(a) "adjusting the number of molding units";

(b) "detachably mounting an additional molding unit";

(c) "molding unit being already provided in an apparatus for molding resin to
seal electronic parts";

(d) "setting a number of said unsealed lead frames having electronic parts
mounted thereon in prescribed positions of a lead frame supply unit";

(e) "being rendered detachably mountable";

(f) "with respect to the said already provided molding unit"; and

(g) "thereby freely increasing/decreasing the number".

10 Mr Yasushi Ukai (“Mr Ukai”), who filed the relevant affidavits on behalf of
the Plaintiff, had confirmed on oath that while the documents in both
Categories 2 and 6 were relevant, the documents were no longer in the
Plaintiff’s possession, custody or power. In this regard, he explained that
documents concerning the Plaintiff’s research were created 20 years ago, and
that at that time, the Plaintiff had no internal rules regulating the
retention period of research documents.[note: 2] He has also explained that
the research documents were disposed of when the Plaintiff shifted its
operations to another building in 1997.[note: 3]

11 Counsel for the Defendants argued that Mr Ukai’s explanations were
inadequate because Mr Ukai did not state how he attempted to locate the
necessary documents, and should therefore be made to explain the basis for his
beliefs in greater detail. Counsel for the Defendants also pointed out that Mr
Ukai is a Managing Director of the Plaintiff’s subsidiary rather than an
employee of the Plaintiff, and argued that somebody with personal knowledge of
what had happened 20 years ago should be made to depose an affidavit instead.

12 Mr Ukai is authorised by the Plaintiff to file the relevant affidavits in
these applications. While Mr Ukai admittedly does not have personal knowledge
from two decades ago, he has stated on oath that the facts and matters deposed
to are either derived from his personal knowledge or based on instructions or
from documents to which he has access.[note: 4] It is neither reasonable nor
necessary (for disposing fairly of the cause or matter or for saving costs) to
order, for the purposes of this specific discovery application, a company to
locate its employees who had personal knowledge of events occurring 20 years
ago, particularly when the authorised deponent has already confirmed the
Plaintiff’s present position on oath. There was also no evidence before me
that Mr Ukai’s position and explanations ought to be disbelieved. I therefore
did not grant discovery of Categories 2 and 6.

Category 3

13 Category 3 of the Defendants’ Application concerned documents relating to
the Plaintiff’s opinions expressed in other jurisdictions on the Plaintiff’s
foreign patents:

All documents (including internal discussions and correspondence with external
parties) relating to the Plaintiff's opinions expressed in other jurisdictions
as disclosing the Plaintiff's counter to attacks on validity and the
Plaintiff's approach to infringement.

14 This request was made against the backdrop that there were judgments in
other jurisdictions where the Plaintiff’s foreign patents, which are the
equivalent of the Patent, have been challenged on the same issues of validity
and infringement. The Plaintiff has agreed to disclose these judgments, but
there has been some delay in disclosure because the relevant judgments have to
be translated into the English language.[note: 5]

15 Counsel for the Defendants argued that the disclosure of the Plaintiff’s
opinions and submissions leading up to those decisions “is probably more
important than the decision itself”. He therefore sought disclosure of the
Plaintiff’s opinions expressed and submissions made in other jurisdictions. As
authority for this request, he cited paragraph 87A/5/3 of _Singapore Civil
Procedure 2015_ vol 1 (G P Selvam gen ed) (Sweet & Maxwell Asia, 2014) (“
_Singapore Civil Procedure_ ”) for the proposition that discovery should be
ordered of “opinions expressed in yet other jurisdictions as disclosing the
patentee’s to attacks on validity and his approach to infringement”.

16 The proposition he cited was based on the English decision of _Vickers plc
v Horsell Graphic Industries Ltd_ [1988] RPC 21 (“ _Vickers_ ”). However,
immediately after the cited proposition, the learned authors of _Singapore
Civil Procedure_ went on to observe that the position in _Vickers_ was _not_
followed in the subsequent English case of _Glaverbel SA v British Coal Corp
(No 2)_ [1992] FSR 642 (“ _Glaverbel_ ”). A later part of the same paragraph
stated, citing _Glaverbel_ , that “[a] patentee’s equivalent foreign
specifications cannot assist with construction of a United Kingdom patent and
discovery of the same will not be ordered”. I turn to consider the cases of
_Vickers_ and _Glaverbel_.

17 _Vickers_ concerned a patent infringement action in the UK, in which the
plaintiffs sought discovery of documents dealing with the prosecution of
comparable patents in the United States. The plaintiffs succeeded in their
application. The court held that opinions which may have been expressed “are
at the end of the day not necessarily likely to be conclusive and may indeed
prove to be of only limited importance”, but that these opinions may
nonetheless be of some assistance (_Vickers_ at 423). For instance, such
opinions may disclose “the line which may be taken in connection with the
defence to the attack upon the validity” as well as the “approach to the issue
of infringement” (_Vickers_ at 423).

18 This decision was not followed in the subsequent case of _Glaverbel._ In
_Glaverbel_ , the defendants applied for, _inter alia_ , “[a]ll documents
relating to the application abroad for patent protection equivalent to [the
patents in suit] and which relate to any issue of these proceedings and in
particular to opinions expressed or experiments conducted…” (_Glaverbel_ at
643). The court held that on the issues of novelty and obviousness, the patent
owner’s opinions were not relevant (_Glaverbel_ at 645). The court opined that
in _Vickers_ , relief had been granted “without… analysing what issue in the
action such documents would be relevant to”, because the court in _Vickers_
was of the view that disclosure would have assisted in providing material for
cross-examination (_Glaverbel_ at 645). However, the court in _Glaverbel_
noted that in a situation (such as the case in _Glaverbel_ itself) where
witness statements would be disclosed before the hearing, and where such
statements will set out the nature of the parties’ cases and allow the parties
to know in advance the basis of any possible cross-examination, the reasoning
in _Vickers_ would not be applicable (_Glaverbel_ at 645–646).

19 _Glaverbel_ was cited in the _CIPA Guide to the Patents Act_ (7th Ed, Sweet
& Maxwell, 2014) for the proposition that:

… it is generally inadmissible to present evidence to a court on the
interpretation which a patentee puts on his claims, particularly as regards
corresponding foreign patents, because construction is a matter for the court
relying only on evidence on the meaning of technical terms and the background
knowledge of the skilled addressee, and this construction is incapable of
being altered by evidence of how such persons subsequently acted upon or
interpreted it.

20 Analysing _Glaverbel_ , the learned author of _Singapore Court Practice
2009_ (Jeffrey Pinsler gen ed) (LexisNexis, 2009) stated at paragraph 87A/5/2
that:

Documents relating to the following are not relevant for discovery:

… direct evidence of the subjective intentions, thoughts and opinions of the
inventor and his professional advisers and agents, including pre-existing
documentary evidence of those intentions and opinions as might be found in
correspondence passing between his patent agent and the patents registry or in
documents relating to applications for corresponding foreign patents;

….

21 The _Glaverbel_ decision is in line with the fundamental understanding in
patent law that it is ultimately for the court, and not the patent proprietor
or witnesses, to come to conclusions about the construction of a patent claim.
This is, however, subject to the exception about technical terms with a
special meaning, on which evidence might be admissible (_Qualcomm v Nokia_
[2008] EWHC 329 (“ _Qualcomm_ ”) at [9]; _Abbott Laboratories Limited v
Medinol Limited_ [2010] EWHC 1731 (Pat) (“ _Abbott_ ”) at [9]).

22 In the context of relevance of submissions made in foreign jurisdictions,
_Abbott_ is also relevant for two other reasons given by the court for finding
that it was not appropriate to order the disclosure sought:

(a) First, the court noted that the proceedings before foreign courts (in
_Abbott_ , the courts of the United States) must necessarily have involved
different infringing products and been decided according to different
substantive and procedural laws (_Abbott_ at [10]).

(b) Second, the court noted that the party seeking discovery was in fact
seeking to examine evidence given in other actions and proceedings “with a
view to seeking to identify some inconsistency between that evidence and the
evidence they give in this action” (_Abbott_ at [11]). However, no such
inconsistency had come to light hitherto in _Abbott_.

23 For completeness, the fact that patent construction is an objective
exercise to be undertaken by the court means that the patentee’s internal
documentation, which may provide insight into how he interpreted his claim, is
irrelevant as well. In _Qualcomm_ , Floyd J observed that there was a
sustained attempt by one party to make use of the other party’s confidential
internal documents on the issue of construction, and unequivocally declared
that such an attempt was “both wrong and counterproductive”. It was “wrong”,
because the process of patent construction was intended to “elicit objectively
what the patentee’s intention is, not to inquire into his subjective
intention” (_Qualcomm_ at [5]–[6]). Indeed, if the effect of an internal
document would result in an interpretation different from that which would be
arrived without it, the patent would potentially mean different things to
different people at different stages of time (_ibid_). It was
“counterproductive”, because it would lead to “lengthy and irrelevant
satellite arguments as to the meaning and effect of other documents” (_ibid_).

24 In summary, the general position in the UK is that discovery will not
usually be ordered relating to how a party has construed expressions in
equivalent patents, at least where the relevant expressions are not terms of
art (see _Terrell on the Law of Patents_ (Sweet & Maxwell, 17th Ed, 2011) (“
_Terrell_ ”) at paragraph 9–83; see also _Qualcomm_ and _Abbott_). It also
follows that discovery of opinions expressed or submissions made in other
jurisdictions concerning comparable patents will not generally be allowed
(see, _eg_ , _Glaverbel_ and _Abbott_).

25 Disagreeing with the line of English authorities set out above, counsel for
the Defendants cited the Singapore Court of Appeal decision of _First Currency
Choice Pte Ltd v Main-Line Corporate Holdings Ltd and another appeal_ [2008] 1
SLR(R) 335 (“ _First Currency_ ”). He argued that _First Currency_ stood for
the proposition that it is relevant to review proceedings on comparable
patents in other jurisdictions. For this purpose, he surmised, submissions
made by counsel in those foreign proceedings were also relevant. In
particular, he referred to _First Currency_ at [2]:

The present legal skirmish between the principal parties is but part of a
wider legal feud now taking place in a number of different jurisdictions. This
is not unusual in today’s “flat” world, where businesses have similar
interests and rights to protect in several different jurisdictions. A “flat”
world is, however, far from being an “ideal” world, where the outcome would be
similar regardless of where the legal jousting takes place. In a “flat” world,
the outcomes of the parties’ legal differences may not, eventually, be the
same in each jurisdiction because of varying statutory matrices and prevailing
administrative practices. _Ultimately, it must also be acknowledged that an
adjudication on patent rights is predicated upon not only the applicable
regulatory framework and practices, but also the evidence presented as well as
the submissions made to the tribunal concerned._ Care must therefore be taken
by counsel when referring to and/or relying on another apparently similar
decision on the “same” issue from another jurisdiction. With this brief
preface, we now turn to the facts. [emphasis added]

He further pointed out that the Court of Appeal had in fact gone on to
consider in some detail the proceedings in New Zealand (_First Currency_ at
[56]­–[58]) and Australia (_First Currency_ at [68]–[74]). He therefore argued
that specific discovery of Category 3 should be granted.

26 I did not order specific discovery of the documents in Category 3, for two
reasons.

27 First, the general English position on the discovery of opinions expressed
and submissions made in other jurisdictions coheres well with the fundamental
notion that a court construes a patent objectively, while adopting the mantle
of the notional addressee to whom the patent is directed in the light of the
common general knowledge with which that addressee is assumed to be imbued
(_Dyson v Hoover_ (2001) RPC 26 at [48(f)]; cited in _Terrell_ at paragraph
9-81). The general position also provides a useful sieve that safeguards
against excessive and unnecessary disclosure of secondary evidence (see, in
the context of inventors’ notes, _Syntroleum Corp v Neste Oil Singapore Pte
Ltd_ [2014] SGHCR 18 at [29]).

28 Regarding the Defendants’ arguments on _First Currency_ , it must be
emphasised that there was no express finding by the Court of Appeal in _First
Currency_ that opinions expressed in other jurisdictions are relevant and
therefore discoverable. Only one paragraph out of 96 in that decision involved
any observation on submissions made in foreign jurisdictions, and even so,
within that paragraph itself, the Court of Appeal appeared to be emphasising
the point that foreign decisions must be looked at with some circumspection.
The reason for this, as is evident from [2] of _First Currency_ , is because
the foreign court, in coming to its decision, might have had to grapple with a
different regulatory framework, different practices, different evidence and
different submissions from counsel. Even though the Court of Appeal did refer
to proceedings in New Zealand and Australia, it did not, at least as far as is
evident from the reported decision, call for or examine the submissions of
counsel leading to those foreign decisions. In my view, therefore, _First
Currency_ cannot be relied upon to argue that an established line of English
authority on discovery in patent applications is not applicable in Singapore.

29 The Defendants have therefore not shown that there is any reason to depart
from the general English position on discovery of opinions expressed and
submissions made in other jurisdictions. Even the limited exception for “terms
of art” or “technical terms” did not apply in the present case because the
Defendants have not made specific reference to any such terms for the purposes
of Category 3. They have also failed to show how the documents sought in
Category 3 are relevant towards the meaning of such terms (if such terms
exist).

30 Second, as a matter of practicality, it cannot be the case that all legal
submissions and opinions expressed in other jurisdictions are relevant and
ought to be disclosed as a general principle. Discovery is always subject to
the test of necessity, as set out in O 24 r 7 of the Rules of Court:

**Discovery to be ordered only if necessary (O. 24, r. 7)**

On the hearing of an application for an order under Rule 1, 5 or 6, the Court
may, _if satisfied that discovery is not necessary_ , _or not necessary at
that stage of the cause or matter_ , dismiss or, as the case may be, adjourn
the application and shall in any case refuse to make such an order if and so
far as it is of opinion that _discovery is not necessary either for disposing
fairly of the cause or matter or for saving costs_. [emphasis added]

31 Even assuming for the moment that the documents in Category 3 (and in
particular, the submissions of counsel in other jurisdictions) are relevant,
it is not necessary at the present stage of proceedings to order discovery of
the same. The Court of Appeal’s statement in [2] of _First Currency_ was
premised on a situation where the court already had the relevant foreign
decisions before it. In the present case, the Defendants have not even had
sight of the foreign judgments (see [14] above). Without an understanding of
what precisely is being relied on in the foreign judgments, or if the foreign
judgments are going to be relied upon at all, it cannot be necessary, for
disposing fairly of the cause or matter or for saving costs, to order
discovery of Category 3 documents at this point. In this regard, it should
also be noted that the relevant foreign submissions are “primarily in the
Japanese language”, and that Mr Ukai has given evidence that the Plaintiff
will be put to significant inconvenience and expense should discovery be
ordered.[note: 6]

Category 4

32 Category 4 of the Defendants’ Application was “deliberately left blank” by
the Defendants. It originally concerned documents relating to problems with
the prior art. However, the Plaintiff had conceded that this category was
relevant and agreed to disclose the documents. The category remained in the
Defendants’ Application so as to preserve the numbering of the other
categories and minimise confusion between the parties. I made no order on
Category 4.

Category 5

33 Category 5 of the Defendants’ Application concerned documents relating to
licences granted by the Plaintiff, and copies of all such licences, relating
to the alleged invention in the Patent, whether in Singapore or elsewhere:

All documents (including internal discussions and correspondence with external
parties) relating to all licence(s) granted by the Plaintiff, and copies of
all such licences, relating to the alleged invention in the Patent, whether in
Singapore or elsewhere.

34 The Defendants pointed out that in a letter issued by the Plaintiff prior
to the present suit, the Plaintiff declared that it had “already concluded
license agreements individually with four competitors”.[note: 7] At the
hearing, counsel for the Defendants argued that Category 5 documents were
relevant and should be disclosed as the documents may lead to a train of
inquiry on whether the defence in s 51(2) of the Patents Act (Cap 221, Rev Ed
2005) (“the Patents Act”) applies.

35 Section 51(2) of the Patents Act provides:

In proceedings against any person for infringement of a patent, it shall be a
defence to prove that at the time of the infringement there was in force a
contract relating to the patent made by or with the consent of the plaintiff
or a licence under the patent granted by him or with his consent and
containing in either case a condition or term void by virtue of this section.

36 Section 51 of the Patents Act deals with “tie in” contracts and licences
entered into or granted by the patent proprietor after 23 February 1995 and
prior to 1 December 2008 (s 50A of the Patents Act; see also Ng-Loy Wee Loon,
_Law of Intellectual Property of Singapore_ (Sweet & Maxwell, 2nd Ed, 2014) (“
_Law of Intellectual Property of Singapore_ ”) at paragraph 34.4.2). The “tie
in” situations essentially involve the patent proprietor attempting to:

(a) Tie his licensee to acquire “anything other than” the patented product
from the patent proprietor or his nominee (s 51(1)(b) of the Patents Act); or

(b) Prohibit or restrict the rights of his licensee to use articles that are
not supplied by the him or his nominee (s 51(1)(c) of the Patents Act).

37 In such “tie in” situations, the patent proprietor is seeking to extend his
monopoly beyond the market for his invention (_Law of Intellectual Property of
Singapore_ at paragraph 34.4.2). The penalty for engaging in such anti-
competitive practice is severe: the existence of a “tie in” contract provides
a defence, under s 51(2) of the Patents Act, to “any person” sued for
infringement by the patent proprietor (_ibid_).

38 The Defendants argued that it was suspicious that the Plaintiff would
licence competitors in the context of and under the cloud of a threat of
infringement, and that this “raises the spectre” that the Plaintiff has
engaged in anti-competitive behaviour. This, it is argued, should entitle the
Defendants to discovery of the licences.[note: 8] The Defendants also argued
that even licences granted overseas might cover the Patent (which is
registered in Singapore), and that “the question of whether licenses cover the
[Patent] needs to be determined from the licence documents themselves”.[note:
9] The Defendants further contended that if the Plaintiff had granted licences
to competitors, it was “not likely that the competitors would only trade in
Japan, but would export products to other countries where the Plaintiff
received patent rights in the invention claimed”, and that the “licences would
be likely to expressly or impliedly cover the import of products into
Singapore and the use of the process in Singapore”.[note: 10]

39 I did not grant discovery of Category 5 documents. The Defendants have not
pleaded the defence in s 51(2) of the Patents Act, and should not be allowed
to seek discovery on issues that are not pleaded (see, _eg_ , _Tan Chin Seng v
Raffles Town Club_ [2002] 2 SLR(R) 465 at [17]–[19]). Furthermore, s 51(2) of
the Patents Act, read with the definition of “patent” under s 2(1) of the
Patents Act (“… a patent under this Act …”), means that the defence in s 51(2)
of the Patents Act only applies where the licence is granted with regard to
the Singapore patent in question (_ie_ , in the present case, the Patent). In
this regard, Mr Ukai has also already confirmed on oath that no licences for
the Patent were granted.[note: 11] All that the Defendants could offer was a
speculative argument that there _might_ be foreign licences that “expressly”
or “impliedly” covered the Patent (whether “expressly” or “impliedly”).

Category 7

40 Category 7 of the Defendants’ Application concerned “[a]ll documents
(including internal discussions and correspondence with external parties)
relating to the Plaintiff's receipt of, and discussions following such
receipt” of certain documents disclosed in the Plaintiff’s list of documents.
The documents were:

(a) Items 3, 4, 5, 9, 10, 14, 18: Copies of documents from the First
Defendant;

(b) Item 13: Document related to a third party re-sale of a particular
IDEALmold machine;

(c) Items 19 and 20: Copies of extracts of the operation manual of prior art;
and

(d) Item 21: Eight photographs of nameplates that are referred to in the
pleadings.

41 The Defendants argued that these documents were relevant to their defences
of delay, laches and acquiescence.[note: 12] This is because the length of
time from the date on which the Plaintiff learnt of the IDEALmold machine
(which has been in the market since 1999 or 2000) and the date that the
Plaintiff decided to allege infringement would be relevant to such
defences.[note: 13] The Defendants’ position was that the Plaintiff had to
disclose every document related to _when_ it learnt about the Defendants’
product, and _why_ it did not commence an action at an earlier time.

42 The Plaintiff contended that:

(a) First, the Defendants have not (i) provided any particulars of the
defences of delay, laches and acquiescence, (ii) alleged that there was any
substantial lapse of time connected with the dates of the Plaintiff’s receipt
of the documents; and (iii) alleged any circumstances which, together with any
substantial lapse of time, are required to invoke the defence (citing _Dynasty
Line Ltd (in liquidation) v Sukamto Sia_ [2014] 3 SLR 277 at [58]).

(b) Second, Mr Ukai has stated on oath that the Plaintiff has not kept any
records concerning the receipt of items 3, 4, 5, 9, 10, 18, 19, 20 and
21.[note: 14] As for items 13 and 14, Mr Ukai has confirmed that these were
simply printouts from webpages in the course of a search on the internet, that
the searches were made by the Plaintiff’s solicitors, and that the documents
concerning the Plaintiff’s receipt of the documents were therefore
privileged.[note: 15]

43 The Defendants counter-argued that it was “not believable” that the
Plaintiff had not kept records, since there would be records of receipt in the
Plaintiff’s computers, servers, and amongst the employees that had anything to
do with any discussion over the documents.[note: 16]

44 I did not grant discovery of Category 7 documents, for two reasons:

(a) First, Category 7 is phrased in a manner that is much wider than is
necessary to discover the dates which the Plaintiff had received the
documents. Furthermore, items 3, 4, 5, 9, 10, 14, 18 were documents
originating from the First Defendant. The Defendants have not shown that the
dates of creation of those documents were such that there was a possibility
that these documents were received by the Plaintiff so early in time that the
defences of delay, laches and acquiescence may be applicable.

(b) Second, Mr Ukai has already stated on oath that the Plaintiff has not kept
records concerning the receipt of items 3, 4, 5, 9, 10, 18, 19, 20 and 21, and
that items 13 and 14 are privileged items. There does not seem to be any
reason to disbelieve Mr Ukai’s affidavit evidence at this point in time.

Categories 8, 9 and 10

45 Categories 8, 9 and 10 of the Defendants’ Application concerned documents
relating to the Plaintiff’s creation of, compilation and notations on an
exhibit (“NCY-3”) in the Plaintiff’s application for service of process out of
jurisdiction. In these categories, the Defendants sought the following:

[Category 8] All documents (including internal discussions and correspondence
with external parties) relating to the Plaintiff's creation and compilation of
exhibit "NCY-3" in the Plaintiff's affidavit dated 7 May 2013.

[Category 9] All documents (including internal discussions and correspondence
with external parties) relating to the Plaintiff's creation and notations made
to the 1st page of exhibit "NCY-3" in the Plaintiff's affidavit dated 7 May
2013.

[Category 10] All documents (including internal discussions and correspondence
with external parties) relating to the Plaintiff's creation and notations made
to the 4th page of exhibit "NCY-3" in the Plaintiff's affidavit dated 7 May
2013.

46 Counsel for the Plaintiff explained that the documents in NCY-3 were
compiled by the Plaintiff to make it easier for the reader of NCY-3 to
understand the technical aspects of the IDEALmold machine, and that the
annotations were made to emphasise the more pertinent sections.[note: 17]

47 The Defendants contended that because NCY-3 was compiled and annotated with
the intention of clarifying and emphasising the pertinent sections of NCY-3,
Categories 8, 9 and 10 were therefore relevant. A choice had been made on the
selection (and non-selection) of documents, and this choice might be relevant
to the issues in the present suit.

48 I did not order discovery of Categories 8, 9 and 10, for three reasons:

(a) First, the Defendants have not identified any pleaded issues that the
creation, compilation or annotation of NCY-3 could be relevant to. The fact
that NCY-3 might be relevant does not automatically make its creation,
compilation or annotations relevant.

(b) Second, pages 1-3 of NCY-3 were extracted from documents which have
already been disclosed to the Defendants in the Plaintiff’s list of documents,
while page 4 of NCY-3 is simply a picture of the adjoining portion of the
moulding units of the IDEALmold machine placed together with a drawing of the
IDEALmold machine extracted from documents already disclosed.[note: 18] It is
not the case that the Defendants have not seen the source documents, or
dispute the accuracy of the compilation. It should also be noted that Mr Ukai
has confirmed that the Plaintiff has no other documents related to the
creation and compilation of NCY-3.[note: 19]

(c) Third, the Defendants were effectively seeking an _explanation_ on why
certain annotations were made, or certain documents selected. It therefore
appeared that they were trying to elicit the Plaintiff’s _opinion_ on the
IDEALmold machine through Categories 8, 9 and 10. Such an endeavour is not
appropriate in the context of a discovery application. On the issue of the
relevance of a patent proprietor’s opinions, as contained in internal
documents, see also [23] above.

Category 11

49 Category 11 of the Defendants’ Application concerned a request for all
photographs taken on or around the occasions at which the photograph in page 4
of NCY-3 was taken:

All the other photos that were take on or around the occasion(s) at which the
photo in the 4th page of exhibit "NCY-3" in the Plaintiff's affidavit dated 7
May 2013 was taken; and all related documents thereto (including internal
discussions and correspondence with external parties). The photos are to be in
original source format with all metadata intact.

50 The Defendants raised four arguments in support of the contention that
discovery of documents in Category 11 should be allowed. I disagreed with all
of them:

(a) The first argument was that the photographs would help to identify the
machines in question. However, there did not appear to be any dispute that the
photograph already exhibited was that of an IDEALmold machine.

(b) The second argument was that the photographs were relevant as they related
to an affidavit prepared for the Plaintiff’s application for service of
process out of jurisdiction. I did not agree with this argument for the same
reasons set out earlier concerning Categories 8, 9 and 10 (see [48] above).

(c) The third argument was that the non-selection of other photographs in the
creation of NCY-3 was a relevant train of inquiry. However, the Defendants
could not show _where_ the train was headed. Instead, this appeared to be a
purely speculative argument as no reason was given for believing that there
would be such a train of inquiry. It must be emphasised that a party’s
obligation to give discovery relates only to _relevant_ documents; it does not
extend to disclosing _all_ documents, whether relevant or otherwise to the
issues in the suit.

(d) The fourth argument was that photographs in source format with metadata
would help to determine the date the photographs were taken and relevant to
the defences of delay, laches and acquiescence. However, Category 11 is
phrased in a manner that is much wider than is necessary to discover the dates
that the photographs were taken.

51 I therefore did not grant discovery of Category 11 documents.

Category 12

52 Category 12 of the Defendants’ Application is a request for the other
photographs that were taken around the occasions at which each of the eight
photographs of the nameplates were taken, and the documents related to the
photographs:

All the other photos that were take on or around the occasion(s) at which each
of the photos in LOD item 21 – "Images of nameplates of IDEALmold machine"
were taken; and all related documents thereto (including internal discussions
and correspondence with external parties). The photos are to be in original
source format with all metadata intact.

53 The Defendants argued that the photographs were relevant to identify the
machines captured in the disclosed photographs, and that the non-selection of
the other photographs was a relevant train of inquiry.

54 For the same reasons stated with regard to Category 11 (see [50] above), I
did not grant discovery of Category 12 documents.

Category 13

55 Category 13 of the Defendants’ Application concerned a request that, if any
of the documents requested are not in the English language, a certified
translation be provided. As I did not order the discovery of any of the 12
foregoing categories, it was not necessary for me to deal with Category 13.

The Plaintiff’s Application

56 The Plaintiff applied for specific discovery of eight categories of
documents.

Category 1

57 Category 1 of the Plaintiff’s Application concerned documents relating to
the manufacture and/or keeping of eight IDEALmold machines as identified by
their serial numbers.

58 With regard to four of those machines (_ie_ the IDEALmold machines bearing
the serial numbers “IN 24-02”, “IN 48-08C”, “IN 49-08C” and “IN 38-01A”), the
nameplates on the machines indicated the manufacturer as “ASM Technology
Singapore”. In view of the First Defendant’s admission that it made and kept
those IDEALmold machines in Singapore, the Plaintiff dropped the discovery
request concerning these machines.[note: 20]

59 However, the Plaintiff continued to seek specific discovery for
documentation concerning the other four machines (_ie_ the IDEALmold machines
bearing the serial numbers “IN 53-10C”, “IN 55-10C”, “IN 56-01CP” and “IN
63-04C”). The nameplates on these machines indicated the manufacturer as “ASM
Pacific Technology”, and might be taken to suggest that the manufacturer of
these four machines was in fact the Second Defendant, given that the Second
Defendant is known as “ASM Pacific Technology Limited”. The Plaintiff argued
that disclosure of Category 1 documents would be relevant towards determining
if the Second Defendant was involved at all in the infringing acts pleaded,
given the existence of the nameplates and the fact that the IDEALmold machine
was offered to the public on the Second Defendant’s website. It would also be
relevant to the Defendants’ pleaded position that the Second Defendant was
_not_ the manufacturer of these four IDEALmold machines.

60 The Defendants argued that the documents in Category 1 were irrelevant
because:

(a) First, the Defendants have pleaded that the nameplate stipulating “ASM
Pacific Technology” merely indicated that the machine originated from the ASM
Pacific Technology group of companies, and “was and is not a reference to the
2nd Defendant, which is an investment holding company”.[note: 21]

(b) Second, the First Defendant had already admitted that it was the
manufacturer of all the IDEALmold machines, and that there was therefore no
reason to fix liability on the Second Defendant.

(c) Third, there was an annual report (“the Annual Report”) which stated that
the Second Defendant acts as an “investment holding company”.[note: 22] In a
separate part of the same report, the First Defendant is listed as having the
principal activity of “manufacture and sale of semiconductor equipment and
materials”. The Second Defendant’s website also states the First Defendant as
the contact point in Singapore.

61 In my view, discovery of the documents in Category 1 would be relevant to
the issue of whether the Second Defendant was involved in manufacturing and
keeping the IDEALmold machines. This is so, particularly in view that the
nameplates of the four IDEALmold machines mentioned in [59] above indicated
the name of the Second Defendant, and the fact that the machines were offered
for sale on the Second Defendant’s website. While the Annual Report did
indicate that the Second Defendant is an investment holding company, this did
not answer the question of whether the Second Defendant was involved in
manufacturing and keeping the IDEALmold machines. Furthermore, the fact that
the First Defendant had claimed responsibility did not necessarily absolve the
Second Defendant of all liability; in this regard, there might subsequently be
practical implications on the recoverability of judgment debts (if any). As
such, I granted discovery of the documents in Category 1 _vis-à-vis_ the four
IDEALmold machines mentioned in [59] above.

Category 2

62 Category 2 of the Plaintiff’s Application concerned documents relating to
the sale of an IDEALmold machine which was shipped from Singapore to
International Rectifier Mexico in California in or around January 2010. The
Defendants have not denied the _fact_ that there was such a sale. Instead,
what the Defendants have denied is the legal point that such a sale amounts to
disposal of the IDEALmold machine in Singapore. As such, I did not order
discovery of Category 2.

Category 3

63 Category 3 of the Plaintiff’s Application concerned documents in relation
to the stipulation of the Second Defendant’s name on the nameplates of the
four machines mentioned in [59] above.

All documents (including agreements, internal discussions or other written
correspondence) in relation to the stipulation of "ASM Pacific Technology" on
the nameplates of the IDEALmold machines (including specifically the IDEALmold
machines bearing serial numbers "IN 53-10C", "IN 55-10C", "IN 56-01 CP" and
"IN 63-04C").

64 For the reasons stated with regard to Category 1 above (see [61]), I also
granted Category 3.

Categories 4, 5, 6, 7 and 8

65 At the hearing, counsel for the Plaintiff dealt with Categories 4, 5, 6, 7
and 8 of the Plaintiff’s Application together. These categories were unified
by the fact that they related to alleged inadequacies in the Defendants’
written product and process description (the “Written Description”).

(a) Category 4 concerned documents relating to the “specifications, functions
and operations” of the IDEALmold machines.

(b) Category 5 concerned documents relating to the “different models,
variations or versions of the IDEALmold machines”.

(c) Category 6 concerned documents relating to the features of “flexibility of
add on / removal or special module @ site”, “add on modules” and “add on
presses”, as referred to the Defendants’ document titled “Advanced Molding
Technology IDEALmold 3G Molding System”.

(d) Category 7 concerned documents relating to the feature of “[f]lexible
module add-in to fit the output requirement”, as referred to in the
Defendants’ document titled “ASM Experience on Singulated FCBGA Package”.

(e) Category 8 concerned documents relating to the features of “IDEALmold
System Retrofitting” and “[a]dditional press with machine frame + retrofit kit
+ field retrofit cost” as referred to in the Defendants’ document titled
“Automold 2008 Price Book”.

66 The Plaintiff sought specific discovery under O 87A r 5(4) of the Rules of
Court due to the alleged inadequacy of the Written Description. The arguments
raised were as follows:

(a) First, with regard to Category 4, critical features of the IDEALmold
machine have been omitted from the contents of the Written Description. The
Written Description did not allow the Plaintiff’s expert, Mr Selvarajan
Murugan, to make a determination on whether the IDEALmold machine had
“detachably mountable” moulding units, or “detachably mountable” moulding
units which could be “freely increased/decreased”.

(b) Second, with regard to Categories 5 and 6, the Written Description did not
address the IDEALmold 3G machine at all.

(c) Third, with regard to Category 7, the document titled “ASM Experience on
Singulated FCBGA Package” is a document that originates from the Defendants
(“the FCBGA Document”). In referring to the IDEALmold machine as having
“[f]lexible module add-in to fit the output requirement”, this document
directly impinges on the position taken by the Defendants. However, no mention
of such flexible module add-ins was made in the Written Description.

(d) Fourth, with regard to Category 8, the documents disclosed by the
Plaintiff show that the IDEALmold machines may be retrofitted and modules and
presses added to the IDEALmold machines. However, the Written Description is
silent on such features. The capability to be retrofitted is relevant towards
determining whether the IDEALmold machines read onto the claims, as well as
whether there is any merit to the Defendant’s defences that the IDEALmold
machine (i) “[d]oes not have a step of adjusting the number of molding units
by detachably mounting an additional molding unit”; (ii) has no “additional
molding units being rendered detachably mountable with respect to [an] already
provided molding unit”; and (iii) has the feature where the “number of said
molding units are not configured to be freely increased/decreased”.

67 I did not grant discovery of documents in Categories 4, 5, 6, 7 and 8, for
the following reasons:

(a) First, with regard to Category 4, the Plaintiff did not explain why, in
its view, the Written Description did not allow Mr Murugan to make the
necessary determinations. The affidavit by Mr Ukai was silent on this point,
and there was no additional affidavit from Mr Murugan in support of the
present application.

(b) Second, with regard to Categories 5 and 6, the Plaintiff has not pleaded
the IDEALmold 3G machines, or any other different models, variations or
versions of the IDEALmold machine, as being infringing machines. While the
Plaintiff has referred in its pleadings to the sale of IDEALmold machines from
2010, it does not follow that the IDEALmold 3G machines, or any other
variations or versions (which the Plaintiff did not specify) were
automatically also included in the basket of infringing machines. It should be
noted that the Plaintiff has also pleaded that the infringing IDEALmold
machines were offered to the public at a specified website address, and that
the IDEALmold 3G machine was _not_ listed at that website address.
Furthermore, none of the machines specifically pleaded by the Plaintiff was an
IDEALmold 3G machine. Based on the existing evidence, it also appears that the
IDEALmold 3G machine is a different machine from the IDEALmold machine.[note:
23]

(c) Third, with regard to Category 7, the Plaintiff has not pleaded anything
connected to “[f]lexible module add-in to fit the output requirement” to be in
issue. Instead, the Plaintiff’s position appears to premised on a
misunderstanding of the FCBGA document. Mr Ukai appears to assume that “module
add-in” must refer to an entire “detachably mountable” sub-system (in the form
of a “moulding unit”) as described in the Patent. However, the word “module”
is actually explained in the FCBGA document itself, and the reference is
clearly to “Input Module” and the “Output Handling Modules”.[note: 24] These
are references to parts, and not to the whole “moulding unit”.[note: 25] In
this regard, the Plaintiff has not alleged that having the ability to include
additional input modules and output handling modules reads on the Patent
claims in any way.

(d) Fourth, with regard to Category 8, I am unable to see how the ability to
retrofit IDEALmold machines reads on Claim 4 of the Patent, _ie_ , that the
IDEALmold machine has moulding units which are “detachably mountable with
respect to already provided molding unit thereby freely increasing /
decreasing the number of said molding unit”.[note: 26] As explained by counsel
for the Defendants, the fact that a machine can be retrofitted _does not_
suggest that it is designed to allow for “freely increasing / decreasing”
moulding units.

68 I turn briefly to note that _even if_ the requests in Categories 4, 5, 6, 7
and 8 had been relevant, it might perhaps have been more appropriate in the
interests of saving costs for the Plaintiff to seek a clarification of the
Written Description, instead of plunging fully into an application for
specific discovery. Historically, the rules on written descriptions were
introduced in the UK because costs for discovery in patent actions “have got
out of hand”, and the rules on written descriptions “are working well to
curtail some of that cost” (see, _eg_ , _Chiron Corporation v Evans Medical
Limited and others (No 2)_ [1997] FSR 268 at 268). As observed in _Consafe
Engineering (UK) Ltd v Emtunga UK Ltd_ [1999] RPC 154 (“ _Consafe_ ”) at [23],
“[t]he purpose of [providing for written descriptions] is to avoid, if
possible, obliging the defendant to give extensive discovery much of which,
experience has shown, is rarely if ever referred to” (although it should be
noted that the court in _Consafe_ emphasised that the written description must
“be complete in all relevant areas”).

69 Therefore, as a matter of practice, it would be useful for parties to
consider requesting for clarification of the written description, rather than
immediately seeking specific discovery in every case. Going for a full-blown
specific discovery application might in some cases, to borrow a phrase used by
the Court of Appeal albeit in a very different context, be “the forensic
equivalent of using a sledgehammer to crack a walnut” (_Mitora Pte Ltd v
Agritrade International (Pte) Ltd_ [2013] 3 SLR 1179 at [44]).

Conclusion

70 I therefore dismissed the Defendants’ Application in its entirety. For the
Plaintiff’s Application, I granted specific discovery only Category 1 (limited
to the IDEALmold machines bearing serial numbers “IN 53-10C”, “IN 55-10C”, “IN
56-01CP” and “IN 63-04C”) and Category 3.

71 I will hear parties on costs.

* * *

[note: 1]Plaintiff’s submissions at 6

[note: 2]5th Affidavit of Yasushi Ukai (31 October 2014) at para 11

[note: 3]5th Affidavit of Yasushi Ukai (31 October 2014) at para 11

[note: 4]5th Affidavit of Yasushi Ukai (31 October 2014) at para 2

[note: 5]Plaintiff’s submissions at 6

[note: 6]5th Affidavit of Yasushi Ukai (31 October 2014) at para 13

[note: 7]Document 17 in the Defendants’ List of Documents

[note: 8]Defendants’ Submissions at para 144

[note: 9]Defendants’ Submissions at para 147

[note: 10]Defendants’ Submissions at para 148

[note: 11]5th Affidavit of Yasushi Ukai at para 16

[note: 12]Defendants’ Submissions at para 160

[note: 13]Defendants’ Submissions at para 161

[note: 14]5th Affidavit of Yasushi Ukai (31 October 2014) at para 21

[note: 15]5th Affidavit of Yasushi Ukai (31 October 2014) at para 22

[note: 16]Defendants’ Submissions at para 163

[note: 17]5th Affidavit of Yasushi Ukai at para 23

[note: 18]5th Affidavit of Yasushi Ukai at para 24

[note: 19]5th Affidavit of Yasushi Ukai at para 24

[note: 20]Plaintiff’s Submissions at 15, 6th Affidavit of Kong Choon Jupiter
(31 October 2014) at para 18(a).

[note: 21]Defendants’ Defence and Counterclaim (Amendment No 1) at para 4

[note: 22]6th Affidavit of Kong Choon Jupiter (31 October 2014) at 17

[note: 23]4th Affidavit of Yasushi Ukai (10 October 2014) at 300

[note: 24]6th Affidavit of Kong Choon Jupiter (31 October 2014) at para 18(f)

[note: 25]6th Affidavit of Kong Choon Jupiter (31 October 2014) at para 18(f)

[note: 26]6th Affidavit of Yasushi Ukai (14 November 2014) at para 32

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 02 Feb 2015 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

