Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Tan Lip Tiong, Rodney as Deputy for Tan Yun Yeow _v_ The Commissioner of
Labour and another matter  
[2015] SGHC 87

Case Number| :| Originating Summons No 265 and 918 of 2014  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 02 April 2015  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Quentin Loh J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Noor Mohamed Marican and Ramasamy Chettiar (Marican &
Associates) for the applicant in OS 265; Anparasan s/o Kamachi and Tan Hui
Ying Grace (KhattarWong LLP) for the applicant in OS 918; Viveganandam
Jesudevan, Lim Kah Hwee Nicholas and Ang Ming Sheng Terence (Attorney-
General's Chambers) for the respondent in OS 265 and OS 918.  
Parties| :|  Tan Lip Tiong, Rodney as Deputy for Tan Yun Yeow — The
Commissioner of Labour — SBG Starkstrom Pte Ltd  
  
[LawNet Editorial Note: The appeal to this decision in Civil Appeal No 89 of
2015 was dismissed by the Court of Appeal on 29 March 2016. See [2016] SGCA
27.]

2 April 2015| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Quentin Loh J:

1 These proceedings arise from horrific injuries suffered by a workman who
went into a coma, and involves his right, exercised through his elder brother,
to pursue his claim for damages at common law. It is contended that his right
to do so is barred because he opted for and obtained an order for compensation
under the Work Injury Compensation Act (Cap 354, 2009 Rev Ed) (“the Act”).

2 Originating Summons No 265 of 2014 (“OS 265”) was filed on 21 March 2014 by
Tan Lip Tiong Rodney (“Rodney Tan”) as the court appointed deputy under the
Mental Capacity Act (Cap 177A, 2010 Rev Ed) (“Mental Capacity Act”) for Tan
Yun Yeow (“the Injured Employee”). Rodney Tan seeks to bring judicial review
proceedings under O 53 of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2014 Rev Ed)
(“Rules of Court”) to quash the decision of the Commissioner of Labour (“the
Commissioner”) made on 2 January 2014 that the Injured Employee had made a
valid claim for compensation under the Act.

3 Originating Summons No 918 of 2014 (“OS 918”), filed on 30 September 2014,
is brought in the name of SBG Starkstrom Pte Ltd (“the Employer”) by its
insurer, MSIG Insurance (Singapore) Pte Ltd. The Employer seeks to bring
judicial review proceedings to quash a later decision of the Commissioner made
on 1 July 2014 that the Injured Employee had _not_ made a valid claim for
compensation under the Act. The Employer also seeks a declaration that the
notice of assessment issued by the Commissioner dated 21 June 2010 (“the
Notice of Assessment”) was validly issued.

4 Counsel are agreed that these proceedings involve the following issue:
Whether a mentally incapacitated employee’s next-of-kin, who has not been
appointed a deputy under the Mental Capacity Act, can nonetheless make a claim
under the Act on behalf of that employee?

Background

5 The facts in OS 265 and OS 918 are undisputed. The Injured Employee was
employed as an engineer by the Employer at the material time. On 19 March
2009, the Injured Employee was involved in an electrical explosion and slipped
into a coma as a result.[note: 1] The Injured Employee suffered severe burns
involving his face, anterior trunk and bilateral upper limbs. The medical
report states that his treatment was complicated by multi-resistant
acinetobacter baumanii wound infection, septicaemia and septic shock. Kidney
failure developed which required renal replacement therapy from 26 March to 29
April 2009. Right lower lobe pneumonia followed and he suffered respiratory
arrest on 26 March 2009\. Tracheostomy was performed on 29 April 2009. The
Injured Employee was comatose for slightly over a year.[note: 2] In April
2010, he was assessed as having a reduced conscious level and able to only
obey half commands and perform single step commands. Although he is making
slow progress, his residual cognitive function is insufficient to benefit from
intensive rehabilitation. He was considered a mentally disordered person of
unsound mind and incapable of managing his financial and personal affairs by
the Singapore General Hospital.

6 While the Injured Employee was in hospital, the Employer filed an
i-Notification under the Act on 26 March 2009 notifying the Commissioner of
the accident.[note: 3] A standard form letter was sent to the Injured Employee
on 2 April 2009 asking whether he wished to make a claim under the Act. This
letter enclosed an application form to be filled in and returned in the event
the Injured Employee wished to make a claim. On 11 June 2009, the Employer
wrote to the Commissioner stating that the Injured Employee was still
hospitalised and had not regained consciousness.

7 On 22 January 2010, M/s Marican & Associates (“Marican”) wrote to the
Commissioner to inform her that Marican represented Rodney Tan, the brother of
the Injured Employee, and that Rodney Tan was given a power of attorney by the
Injured Employee’s wife, Mdm Lim Davy.[note: 4] I was informed by counsel that
the Injured Employee’s wife was from Vietnam, knew very little English and
hence left her eldest brother-in-law to deal with matters in relation to her
husband.

8 On 27 April 2010, the Commissioner received a medical report from the
Singapore General Hospital confirming that the Injured Employee was of unsound
mind and incapable of managing himself or his affairs.[note: 5] The
Commissioner then sought confirmation from Marican as to whether the Injured
Employee’s next-of-kin wished to claim compensation under the Act on behalf of
the Injured Employee.[note: 6]

9 Marican replied in a letter dated 20 May 2010 that “the next of kin … wishes
to claim compensation for employee [_sic_] under the [Act]”[note: 7] (“the 20
May 2010 Letter”).

10 Based on the 20 May 2010 Letter, the Commissioner issued the Notice of
Assessment pursuant to s 24(2) of the Act and addressed it to Marican by way
of a letter dated 14 June 2010. The Commissioner assessed that the Injured
Employee was entitled to $225,000 in compensation, the maximum sum allowed
under the Third Schedule of the Act. In the letter dated 14 June 2010, the
Commissioner noted that the Injured Employee was mentally incapacitated, and
that under the law, a person can only act for the injured employee’s estate if
he/she has obtained a court order for the Committee of the Person and Estate
of the injured employee. The Commissioner advised Marican to apply for such a
court order.[note: 8] The Commissioner’s letter was also accompanied by,
amongst other documents, an “Authority to Claim” form.[note: 9] The form
requires the person claiming on behalf of the employee to declare that he/she
has been “appointed vide a Court Order … as the Committee of the Person and
Estate of [the injured employee]”. It bears noting that although the Injured
Employee’s claim was made after the one year limitation period for making a
claim under the Act, the Commissioner lifted the limitation on the basis that
there was a reasonable cause for the delay.[note: 10]

11 I pause here to note that when the Mental Capacity Act came into force on 1
March 2010, the practice of appointing a Committee of the Person and Estate
under the Mental Disorders and Treatment Act (Cap 178, 1985 Rev Ed) to manage
the personal welfare and financial matters of a person who has become mentally
incapacitated was replaced with that of appointing a deputy under the Mental
Capacity Act.

12 In response to the Commissioner’s letter, Marican wrote to the Commissioner
on 23 June 2010 stating that the Injured Employee lacked the capacity to make
the decision whether to accept or reject the compensation assessed by the
Commissioner, and that Marican was taking instructions from the Injured
Employee’s next-of-kin. Marican also requested that the Commissioner keep the
Notice of Assessment in abeyance in order to stop the time required under the
Act to file an objection from running.[note: 11] The Commissioner did not
reply to this letter as she was of the opinion that she had no express power
under the Act to hold the Notice of Assessment in abeyance.[note: 12] However,
as the Commissioner had not received any forms from Marican, she sent a
reminder on 12 November 2010 repeating what she stated in her letter of 14
June 2010.[note: 13] There was no reply to this letter from Marican.

13 Almost two years later, Rodney Tan was appointed by the court as the deputy
of the Injured Employee pursuant to the Mental Capacity Act on 23 August 2012.
The court order expressly conferred authority on Rodney Tan to, _inter alia_
:[note: 14]

(a) instruct lawyers to make such claim against the Employer or such parties
as Rodney Tan, on legal advice, deems necessary and to commence legal
proceedings under common law;

(b) if the common law claim is withdrawn or dismissed, obtain such
compensation as assessed by the Commissioner or the court under the Act;

(c) give instructions to the Injured Employee’s lawyers in respect of such a
claim and to accept any settlement that Rodney Tan considers reasonable as
advised by lawyers appointed by Rodney Tan; and

(d) apply monies belonging to the Injured Employee from whatever source
including any compensation monies or damages to pay legal fees and other
related costs and expenses incurred for the purpose of making the said claim.

14 Upon receiving a copy of the court order appointing Rodney Tan as deputy,
the Commissioner wrote to Marican on 29 October 2012 to check if Rodney Tan
“wishes to claim compensation for the deceased”.[note: 15] According to the
Commissioner, this choice of words was a mistake on her part as she had
intended to ask whether Rodney Tan “wished to receive the compensation on
behalf of the Injured Employee”.[note: 16] I also note that although the
Commissioner referred to the Injured Employee as “the deceased” in her letter
dated 29 October 2012, the Injured Employee is still alive at the time of this
application.

15 At this point, Rodney Tan appeared to have changed his mind about making a
claim under the Act on behalf of the Injured Employee. Marican replied to the
Commissioner on 7 November 2012, stating that they needed a copy of the
Commissioner’s investigation report in order to “consider whether to pursue [a
claim] under [the Act]”.[note: 17] On 28 February 2013, Marican wrote to the
Commissioner stating that the Injured Employee did not make an application for
compensation under the Act and that the Notice of Assessment was
invalid.[note: 18] The Commissioner, however, was of the opinion that the
Notice of Assessment issued was valid and that it was not objected to by the
Injured Employee or his representative within the time limit required by the
Act. The Commissioner hence sent multiple letters to Marican requesting that
Rodney Tan provide certain bank details in order for the Commission of Labour
to disburse the compensation accordingly.[note: 19]

16 On 29 August 2013, Marican stated clearly to the Commissioner that Rodney
Tan had decided to claim compensation under the common law on behalf of the
Injured Employee, that he had never applied for compensation under the Act,
and that the Notice of Assessment was a nullity. On 24 September 2013, Rodney
Tan commenced Suit No 851 of 2013 (“Suit 851”) for damages against three
defendants, one of which is the Employer.

17 During this period of exchanges between Marican and the Commissioner, the
Employer laboured under the impression that a valid claim was made. The
Employer’s insurers had paid the sum of $225,000 as compensation under the Act
to the Commission of Labour on 12 July 2010. As far as the Employer was
concerned, it was of the opinion that it had satisfied its liability under the
Act and that there would be no common law claim brought by the Injured
Employee or his representatives thereafter.[note: 20] The Employer thus
applied to strike out Suit 851 on 13 December 2013 on the basis that a claim
was already made under the Act.

18 On 2 January 2014, the Commissioner wrote to Marican stating that the 20
May 2010 Letter was a valid claim under s 11(1) of the Act. The Notice of
Assessment was also not objected to within the time period required by the Act
and therefore the Notice of Assessment was deemed to be an order under the
Act. She also added that since the claim was not withdrawn within the
requisite time, Rodney Tan might not be able to pursue a claim under the
common law.[note: 21] In response, Marican wrote to the Commissioner on 27
February and 17 March 2014 requesting the Commissioner to agree that Rodney
Tan had never made a claim under the Act, failing which, Marican would bring
judicial review proceedings to quash the decision made by the
Commissioner.[note: 22] The Commissioner did not reply to Marican’s request
and Marican brought OS 265 accordingly.

19 After seeking the advice of the Attorney-General’s Chambers (“the AGC”),
the Commissioner’s position changed. She wrote to Marican on 1 July 2014
stating that the Injured Employee had no capacity to make a decision for
himself in relation to his property and affairs at the time the 20 May 2010
Letter was sent. Hence, no valid claim for compensation was made by the
Injured Employee or on his behalf, and the Notice of Assessment was a
nullity.[note: 23] This prompted the Employer’s lawyers to write to the
Commissioner on 21 July 2014 to disagree with the Commissioner’s new position
and to request the Commissioner to reconsider it.[note: 24] On 14 August 2014,
the Commissioner replied the Employer, maintaining her position as stated in
her letter of 1 July 2014. The Employer then filed OS 918.[note: 25] The
striking out application that the Employer filed was stayed pending the
determination of OS 265 and OS 918.

20 By consent, the parties agreed at the pre-trial conference on 4 February
2015 to conflate the issues of leave and the substantive application under O
53 of the Rules of Court during the hearing on 3 March 2015. Prior to the
hearing, the parties also agreed for both Originating Summonses to be heard
together, with OS 918 to be heard first.

The parties’ submissions

21 Counsel for the Employer, Mr Anparasan s/o Kamachi (“Mr Anparasan”),
contends that under the Act, a next-of-kin does not need to be appointed as a
deputy in order for him to make a claim on behalf of an injured employee who
has become mentally incapacitated. He submits that the starting point is s
11(1) of the Act, which is the only provision that makes reference to the
making of a claim. Section 11(1)(_c_) provides that a claim shall be “made in
such form and manner as the Commissioner may determine”. This gives a
discretion exercisable by the Commissioner to decide whether a claim is
validly made or not, and this includes whether the claim was brought by the
appropriate person(s) on behalf of the employee. Mr Anparasan further submits
that this position is buttressed by first, the fact that there are other
provisions in the Act, such as s 12A, s 22(2), s 27(1)(_ba_) and s
28A(2)(_c_), which provide for certain decisions to be made on behalf of a
mentally incapacitated employee without the appointment of a deputy, and
secondly, the spirit of the Act, which is to provide for a quick and
straightforward manner for injured employees to claim compensation. It would
run contrary to the spirit of the Act if an injured employee’s dependant had
to commence further legal proceedings to be appointed a deputy before he could
make a claim on behalf of the injured employee. Mr Anparasan’s position is
that the Commissioner, in the exercise of her discretion, had deemed the 20
May 2010 Letter to be a valid claim made by the Injured Employee’s next-of-kin
on behalf of the Injured Employee. This discretion was properly exercised
since on the face of it, Rodney Tan had all the bearings of a proper claimant.
Mr Anparasan submits that this therefore constitutes a “claim” under the Act
and the Notice of Assessment is thereby validly issued. The Commissioner’s
decision that the Notice of Assessment is a nullity was incorrect.

22 Counsel for the AGC, Mr Viveganandam Jesudevan (“Mr Jesudevan”), does not
dispute that the Commissioner assumed, at the relevant time, that the 20 May
2010 Letter was a valid claim for compensation under the Act. However, he
submits that this assumption is a jurisdictional error of fact. He argues that
in order for a person to make a claim under the Act on behalf of an injured
employee, that person must have the requisite legal capacity. This is the
position embodied in the common law and has not been abrogated by either the
Act or the Mental Capacity Act. A next-of-kin who has not been duly authorised
by the court does not have the requisite capacity to make such a claim under
the Act. Mr Jesudevan also argues that the position he advocates is supported
by the purpose and scheme of the Act. Thus, the Commissioner had come to the
wrong conclusion in assuming that Rodney Tan or Mdm Lim Davy had the requisite
legal capacity on 20 May 2010 to make a claim under the Act on behalf of the
Injured Employee. Accordingly, the Notice of Assessment issued by the
Commissioner thereafter was issued in error and is a nullity.

Issue

23 As noted above, parties have agreed that the single issue is whether the 20
May 2010 Letter is sufficient to constitute a valid claim under the Act in the
absence of any due authorisation for Rodney Tan or Mdm Lim Davy to act on
behalf of the mentally incapacitated Injured Employee.

My decision

OS 918

24 Before dealing with the parties’ submissions, I examine the relevant
provisions under the Act. Section 11 of the Act governs the procedural
requirements for making a claim. The relevant portions of s 11 provide:

**Notice and claim**

**11.** —(1) Except as provided in this section, proceedings for the recovery
of compensation for an injury under this Act shall not be maintainable unless
—

(_a_) notice of the accident has been given to the employer by or on behalf of
the employee as soon as practicable after the happening thereof;

(_b_) a claim for compensation with respect to that accident has been made
within one year from the happening of the accident causing the injury, or, in
the case of death, within one year from the date of the death; and

(_c_) the claim has been made in such form and manner as the Commissioner may
determine.

25 When a valid claim is made under s 11, the Commissioner is then empowered
under s 24(1) of the Act to assess and make an order on the amount of
compensation payable to the employee. Upon doing so, the Commissioner shall
serve on the employer and the person claiming compensation a notice of
assessment of compensation, stating the amount of compensation payable in
accordance with the Commissioner’s assessment (see s 24(2) of the Act).

26 Section 24(3) of the Act states that after the notice of assessment is
served, the parties may object to the notice within 14 days of its service. If
no objection is received by the Commissioner within this period, or if an
objection is received but withdrawn within 28 days of the service of the
notice of assessment, the employer and the person claiming compensation shall
be deemed to have agreed to the notice. Section 24(3) also provides that the
notice is to have the effect of an order for the payment of compensation made
by the Commissioner under s 25D of the Act.

27 As is well known to practitioners in this field, a key consequence of
making a claim and receiving compensation under the Act is the employee’s loss
of his right to proceed with a claim under common law. Section 33(2) of the
Act provides that no action for damages shall be maintainable by an employee
against his employer in respect of any injury if, _inter alia_ , he makes a
claim under the Act and does not withdraw his claim within 28 days from the
service of the notice of assessment, or if he and his employer have agreed or
are deemed to have agreed to the notice of assessment.

28 It is undisputed that the Injured Employee lacked the mental capacity at
the relevant time to decide whether to make a claim under the Act or pursue a
claim at common law. From the exchanges between the Commissioner and Marican
leading up to the 20 May 2010 Letter, and the exchanges shortly after, it is
clear that by the 20 May 2010 Letter, Rodney Tan or Mdm Lim Davy (whoever was
the one instructing Marican) had _elected_ to make a claim under the Act on
behalf of the Injured Employee. However, whether they had the _capacity_ to do
so at law at that point in time is another matter altogether.

29 The Act is silent on who has the requisite capacity to make a claim under
the Act on behalf of a mentally incapacitated employee, _ie_ , an employee who
is unable to make a decision whether to make a claim under the Act because of
an impairment of, or a disturbance in the functioning of, the mind or brain
(see s 4 of the Mental Capacity Act). Section 11(1)(_c_) of the Act only deals
with the form and manner in which a claim, or more accurately, the election to
make a claim, may be made. The Commissioner has a wide discretion to accept
different modes of election, for example, by way of email, by verbal
representations, or by letter. There is also no prescribed content as long as
the intention to elect to claim under the Act is sufficiently clear. It is
clear that s 11(1)(_c_) does not extend to granting the Commissioner a
discretion to determine who may make an election to claim under the Act on
behalf of a mentally incapacitated employee.

30 Mr Anparasan submits that the Commissioner has such a discretion and
highlights certain provisions to show that such discretion was envisaged by
the Act. The first provision he relies on is s 22(2) of the Act. Section 22(2)
provides:

(2) Where it appears to the Commissioner that compensation or interest is
payable to an employee under this Act and the employee is mentally
incapacitated before such payment is made, it shall be lawful for the
Commissioner to receive and pay the compensation or interest to any one or
more of the dependants of the employee for the benefit of the employee without
the appointment of any deputy for the employee under the Mental Capacity Act
2008.

31 He contends that s 22(2) envisages a scenario where a claim is made on
behalf of a mentally incapacitated employee without a deputy being appointed.
Otherwise a power would not be given to the Commissioner to pay compensation
to the employee’s dependents without the appointment of any deputy. With
respect, I am unable to agree. On a plain reading, s 22(2) was meant to
provide for a case where compensation or interest _is payable_ under the Act,
and the employee becomes mentally incapacitated _after_ he made a valid claim,
but before compensation is paid. The purpose of s 22(2) is thus to enable the
Commissioner to disburse the monies to the employee’s next-of-kin, especially
where the employee is in need of the funds for payment of medical or other
expenses, without undue delay and without having to wait for the appointment
of a deputy. The same concept can be seen in s 61 of the Insurance Act (Cap
142, 2002 Rev Ed) where payment can be made by an insurer to any proper
claimant under a life or accident and health policy without the production of
any probate or letters of administration. From the clear words of the opening
sentence in s 22(2), there can be no implication that a claim under the Act
may be made on behalf of an employee who became mentally incapacitated without
a deputy being appointed.

32 Mr Anparasan also submits that the insertion of s 22(2) into the Act, when
read in the spirit of the Act, which he alleges is to provide a quick and
straightforward process for injured employees to make a claim for
compensation, shows that Parliament intended for a next-of-kin to be able to
make a claim on behalf of a mentally incapacitated employee without having to
apply to be a deputy under the Mental Capacity Act. However, the exact
opposite may be said about the insertion of s 22(2) into the Act. The fact
that Parliament had not made such a similar amendment to s 11 of the Act or
the claims process indicates its intention _not_ to extend the dispensation of
an appointed deputy with respect to who may make a claim on behalf of a
mentally incapacitated employee. Unfortunately, the parliamentary debates do
not reveal much about the reasons for the introduction of s 22(2).

33 Another provision Mr Anparasan relies upon is s 12A of the Act. Section
12A(1) begins with: “[w]here any claim for compensation has been made under
this Act by an employee or _by a person acting on behalf of an employee who is
dead or mentally incapacitated_ ” [emphasis added]. Mr Anparasan argues that
by not using the term “deputy”, this indicates that the Act envisages claims
being made on behalf of a mentally incapacitated employee without a deputy
being appointed. I note there are other provisions which make an express
reference to the term “deputy”, such as s 27(1)(_ba_) and s 28A(2)(_c_) of the
Act, whereas s 12A(1) does not. However, I do not accept that just because
there are other provisions in the Act which use the term “deputy”, Parliament
intended the phrase “by a person acting on behalf of an employee” to mean
persons other than a deputy. Provisions like s 12A(1), s 27(1)(_ba_) and s
28A(2)(_c_) are neutral at best with regards to the question of whether a
claim may be made on behalf of a mentally incapacitated employee by persons
other than a deputy.

34 Mr Jesudevan relies on the Court of Appeal case of _Teo Gim Tiong v
Krishnasamy Pushpavathi (legal representative of the estate of Maran s/o
Kannakasabai, deceased)_ [2014] 4 SLR 15 (“ _Teo Gim Tiong_ ”). In _Teo Gim
Tiong_ , the plaintiff sustained injuries in an accident and sued the
defendant. The defendant made an offer to settle which remained open for
acceptance when the plaintiff passed away from his injuries. The plaintiff’s
mother then obtained an order of court to be made a party to the proceedings
as the legal representative of the plaintiff’s estate under O 15 r 7(2) of the
Rules of Court, and purported to accept the defendant’s offer to settle. The
issue on appeal was whether the plaintiff’s mother had the capacity to act for
the estate of the plaintiff to accept the offer to settle. The Court of Appeal
held at [19]–[20] that as the action had been pursued as an estate claim for
damages under a cause of action that survived death under s 10(1) of the Civil
Law Act (Cap 43, 1999 Rev Ed), only the proper appointed executor or
administrator of the estate could act for the estate. The plaintiff’s mother
therefore did not have the capacity to accept the offer to settle on behalf of
the estate because she had not been granted letters of administration. At
[31], the Court of Appeal held that the rationale is that “[i]n cases of
intestacy, the court jealously guards the assets – including causes of action
– of the deceased’s estate through the procedure by which letters of
administration are granted”. Hence, only persons who have been granted letters
of administration can act on behalf of a deceased’s estate.

35 This rationale is axiomatic. Capacity, be it legal or mental competence, is
an often unsung but self-evident concept that underlies much of our law. It is
the basis on which we view responsibility and liability for, as well as the
validity of, certain acts. In the context of criminal law, the lack of mental
capacity or understanding in appropriate cases negatives _mens rea_. Hence the
insane or those with diminished mental capacity cannot be guilty of murder. By
the same token, children under the age of 7 are presumed not to have the
capacity to commit crimes and those between the ages of 7 to 12 who have not
attained sufficient maturity or understanding to judge the nature and
consequences of their conduct are not held criminally responsible for their
acts. In the law of contract, generally speaking, those under the age of 18
lack the legal capacity to enter into contracts except for contracts for
necessaries or training or analogous contracts.

36 These considerations also arise where an adult loses his mental faculties
or suffers a diminution in mental capacity to the point where he cannot be
said to be of sound mind and capable of making a decision affecting his
affairs or giving a valid consent. As _Teo Gim Tiong_ illustrates, the law is
careful to scrutinise that when A does something on behalf of B or his estate,
A has satisfied the legal requirements to do so, _ie_ , a person must have the
requisite legal capacity before he/she can make a decision on behalf of
another. Similarly, legal capacity in relation to legal proceedings is
governed by O 76 r 2 of the Rules of Court which provides that where a person
is under “disability”, only his litigation representative has the capacity to
bring, make a claim in, defend, make a counterclaim in, or intervene in any
proceedings, or appear in any proceedings under a judgment or order, notice of
which has been served on the mentally incapacitated person. The meaning of a
person under “disability” under O 76 of the Rules of Court includes a person
lacking capacity within the meaning of the Mental Capacity Act.

37 In the case of this Injured Employee, the informed choice to be made was
whether to proceed under the Act or under common law. The plight of this
Injured Employee brings into stark relief the consequences of a wrong choice.
The Commissioner has assessed and made an award of the sum of $225,000, the
maximum under the Act. In the statement of claim in Suit 851, the medical
expenses incurred up to the date of the writ, 24 September 2013, amounted to
$523,504.91, transport expenses were estimated at $8,083.85, legal costs for
an Order under the Mental Capacity Act came to $7,831.00 and pre-trial nursing
care up to 3 August 2013 amounted to $27,150.63. Pre-trial loss of earnings,
loss of future earnings and/or loss of earning capacity, cost of future
medical costs, nursing care and transport were to be assessed. The Injured
Employee was 30 years old at the time of the accident. His common law claim
will be far in excess of the Commissioner’s award. There can be but few
choices which are of greater import than a decision whether to proceed under
the Act or common law.

38 It is beyond doubt that this Injured Employee lacked the mental capacity
and competence to make such a choice right from the time of the accident. Just
as the court in _Teo Gim Tiong_ stated that the courts will jealously guard
the assets, including causes of action, of an intestate estate through the
procedure by which letters of administration are granted to proper legal
representatives, the courts will also jealously guard the rights of injured
workers who lack the mental capacity and competence to make choices that are
in their best interests by making sure fit and proper persons are appointed as
their deputy under the Mental Capacity Act.

39 There is a procedure under the Mental Capacity Act for fit and proper
persons to be appointed a deputy and to represent the injured employee. The
Mental Capacity Act imposes a statutory duty on the deputy to act in the best
interests of the mentally incapacitated person (see s 3(5) of the Mental
Capacity Act). In conjunction, r 179 of the Family Justice Rules 2014 (S
813/2014) requires an application to become a deputy of a mentally
incapacitated person to be served on all named defendants and “relevant
persons”, the latter of which includes the immediate family members of the
person and even relatives or friends who have a close relationship with the
person. This will allow the “relevant persons” to intervene in the application
if they so wish. The court, having all the relevant and necessary information
before it, would then be able to appoint the most suitable person(s) to be the
deputy to act on behalf of the mentally incapacitated person. Hence, a deputy
appointed under the Mental Capacity Act would be in the best position to
decide whether to make a claim under the Act on behalf of the mentally
incapacitated employee. That deputy will be granted various express powers
that the court deems necessary and this includes the power to make a claim
under the Act or to pursue a common law action on behalf of the injured
employee as will be in his best interests. The potential for abuse of position
is thus kept, as far as is possible, within acceptable limits.

40 Accordingly, in my judgment, the next-of-kin of a mentally incapacitated
employee do not have, without more, the requisite capacity to make a claim
under the Act on behalf of the employee. Only a person duly appointed by the
court under the Mental Capacity Act will have the legal capacity to do so. I
am therefore unable to agree with Mr Anparasan’s submission that such other
person may be any next-of-kin of the Injured Employee that the Commissioner
has deemed satisfactory.

41 Importantly, this is the current position adopted by the Commissioner as
well. In the “Authority to Claim” form that is normally issued by the
Commissioner to any person intending to claim on behalf of a mentally
incapacitated employee, it specifically provides that a claim can only be made
by a Committee of the Person and Estate (currently known as the deputy)
appointed by the court. Oddly though, the Commissioner in the present case
appears to have overlooked this requirement and proceeded to issue the Notice
of Assessment before receiving the “Authority to Claim” form from Rodney Tan
or Mdm Lim Davy. Finally, although a duly appointed deputy would typically be
the only appropriate person to make a claim under the Act on behalf of the
mentally incapacitated employee, I must not be taken to have decided that no
one else can ever do so. There may be very exceptional circumstances, for
example emergency situations, but this is certainly not the case here and I
say no more.

42 I recognise that there is a one year limitation under the Act to make a
claim beginning from the date of the accident, or in the case of death, within
one year from the date of death. The process of appointing a deputy may, in
some circumstances, be a lengthy one. For example, it took more than a year
after the Injured Employee’s accident before Rodney Tan became appointed as
deputy. The cause of the delay is not in the evidence before me. However, s
11(4) of the Act clearly provides that the making of a claim after the lapse
of this one year limitation shall not be a bar to making a claim under the Act
if it is found that there was, _inter alia_ , a reasonable cause for the
delay. A delay due to the next-of-kin having to apply to become a deputy
because the employee himself has become mentally incapacitated can constitute
reasonable cause. That having been said, the application for a deputy by the
next-of-kin should be made within a reasonable time of the determination of
the employee’s mental incapacity.

43 It follows that for the reasons set out above, neither Rodney Tan nor Mdm
Lim Davy had the legal capacity to decide on behalf of the Injured Employee to
make a claim under the Act as neither had been appointed a deputy of the
Injured Employee under the Mental Capacity Act at the relevant time, _ie_ , 20
May 2010. Their instructions to Marican to write to the Commissioner to make a
claim under the Act were similarly made without legal capacity and competence
and accordingly of no effect. I accept the submission of Mr Jesudevan that the
Notice of Assessment issued by the Commissioner was issued in error and
therefore a nullity and of no effect.

44 The Injured Employee left no indication as to who he desired to make
decisions on his behalf in the event he was incapacitated. The law must follow
its course. The power of attorney granted by Mdm Lim Davy to Rodney Tan is
similarly of no effect as she was not the duly appointed deputy of the Injured
Employee and did not have the legal capacity or competence to make a claim
under the Act. Accordingly, the 20 May 2010 Letter does not constitute a valid
claim under the Act.

45 Does the fact that Rodney Tan was subsequently appointed to be the deputy
of the Injured Employee, and was granted express powers by the court to make a
claim under the Act on behalf of the Injured Employee, make any difference? In
my judgment it does not. At the relevant point in time when the 20 May 2010
Letter was sent, it is clear that Rodney Tan had not yet been appointed the
Deputy of the Injured Employee. The subsequent appointment of Rodney Tan as
the deputy of the Injured Employee does not change the fact that the 20 May
2010 election was made without legal capacity.

46 Since the 20 May 2010 Letter does not amount to a valid claim, the Notice
of Assessment issued by the Commissioner is issued in excess of jurisdiction
and in error. It is axiomatic that an _ultra vires_ decision is a nullity (see
_Anisminic Ltd v Foreign Compensation Commission and another_ [1969] 2 AC
147). The Notice of Assessment is hence a nullity and the Commissioner’s
decision on 1 July 2014 was correctly made. I accordingly dismiss OS 918.

OS 265

47 Having held that the Notice of Assessment is a nullity and the Commissioner
has accepted it as so, there is no longer any need for OS 265. However, to put
the matter beyond doubt, I grant the Quashing Order prayed for in OS 265.

Conclusion

48 Before I conclude, I note that the Employer and its insurer have suffered
some degree of prejudice in the present case. The Employer was always under
the impression, and not wrongfully so, that they had satisfied their liability
under the Act. In this regard, they had closed their books. Furthermore, their
ability to defend a common law action for damages may be affected as it would
be difficult to reinvestigate the matter given that almost six years have
passed since the day of the accident. Nonetheless, the Commissioner had
mistakenly acted beyond her jurisdiction and her Notice of Assessment is a
nullity and there is no bar for the Injured Employee to proceed with his claim
at common law. Nothing in my judgment impinges upon or is in any way
expressing a view on liability and/or contributory negligence in Suit 851.
That remains within the domain of the judge trying the case.

49 I will hear the parties on costs.

* * *

[note: 1]Chung Wah Fook’s Affidavit (“CWFA”) at para 3.

[note: 2]Chris Loh Yip Lee’s Affidavit (“CLYLA”) at para 13.

[note: 3]CWFA at para 7.

[note: 4]CLYLA at p 48.

[note: 5]CLYLA at pp 51–52.

[note: 6]CLYLA at p 55.

[note: 7]CLYLA at p 56.

[note: 8]CLYLA at p 57.

[note: 9]CLYLA at p 67.

[note: 10]CLYLA at para 14.

[note: 11]CLYLA at p 70.

[note: 12]CLYLA at para 16.

[note: 13]CLYLA at p 71.

[note: 14]CLYLA at pp 94–95.

[note: 15]CLYLA at p 103.

[note: 16]CLYLA at para 20.

[note: 17]CLYLA at p 104.

[note: 18]CLYLA at p 113.

[note: 19]CLYLA at pp 107, 110 and 117.

[note: 20]SGB Starkstrom’s Written Submissions (“SGB”) at para 44.

[note: 21]CLYLA at p 135.

[note: 22]CLYLA at pp 139–141.

[note: 23]CLYLA at p 142.

[note: 24]CLYLA at pp 143–146.

[note: 25]CLYLA at pp 147–148.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 02 Apr 2015 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

