Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Sanjeev Sharma s/o Shri Sarvjeet Sharma _v_ Surbhi Ahuja d/o Sh Virendra
Kumar Ahuja  
[2015] SGHC 104

Case Number| :| Divorce Suit No 1698 of 2013 (Summons No 7877 of 2013),
(Registrar's Appeal from the State Courts No 6 of 2014)  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 22 April 2015  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Valerie Thean JC  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  K Anparasan and Sumyutha Sivamani (KhattarWong LLP) for
the appellant; Ahmad Nizam Abbas (Straits Law Practice LLC) for the
respondent.  
Parties| :|  Sanjeev Sharma s/o Shri Sarvjeet Sharma — Surbhi Ahuja d/o Sh
Virendra Kumar Ahuja  
  
22 April 2015|  
---|---  
  
Valerie Thean JC:

Introduction

1 This was an appeal against a decision of a District Judge (“the Judge) to
grant a stay of a nullity suit on the ground of _forum non conveniens_. I
heard and dismissed the appeal and now give my grounds of decision.

2 I should mention that this was a decision of the High Court in exercise of
its civil appellate jurisdiction in family matters heard on 8 January 2015.
Under s 34(7) of the Supreme Court of Judicature Act (Cap 322, 2007 Rev Ed),
leave must be obtained for such an appeal and no leave has been sought.

The facts

3 The action commenced by the husband was for the marriage to be annulled on
the ground that the marriage was not consummated owing either to the wilful
refusal and/or incapacity of the wife.

4 The husband was born in India and became a Singaporean citizen in 2007 after
working here for a number of years. He is currently residing in Singapore. The
wife, also born in India, is an Indian citizen and currently resides in
Haryana, India.

The marriage and separation

5 Husband and wife first married on 28 February 2011 in a traditional Hindu
setting in accordance with Hindu custom and rites under the Hindu Marriage Act
(Act No 25 of 1955) (India) (“HMA”) in New Delhi, India. They then followed
with registration in an Indian court pursuant to the Special Marriage Act (Act
No 43 of 1954) (India) (“SMA”) on 14 March 2011 in Yamuna Nagar, Haryana,
India.

6 After the marriage, both moved to Singapore on 25 March 2011. After a month
here, the wife returned to India to seek medical treatment. The husband was at
the same time offered a job in San Francisco. As a result, both relocated to
San Francisco sometime in September 2011.

7 In January 2013, the husband returned to Singapore, while the wife returned
to India to live with her family in Yamuna Nagar, Haryana, India.

The legal proceedings

8 On 8 April 2013, the husband commenced nullity proceedings in Singapore
against the wife on the following grounds:

(a) that the marriage has not been consummated owing to the incapacity of the
wife to consummate it; or

(b) that the marriage has not been consummated owing to the wilful refusal of
the wife to consummate it.

9 The wife thereafter initiated separate proceedings in Yamuna Nagar, Haryana,
India against the husband in relation to dowry harassment, domestic violence,
and for maintenance. On 4 June 2013, the wife filed the present application
for the nullity proceedings in Singapore to be stayed on the basis of _forum
non conveniens_.

The decision below

10 The Judge stayed the action on 2 January 2014, with the following
orders:[note: 1]

1) The Nullity Proceedings herein are stayed on condition that the Defendant
commences divorce proceedings in India within one month from the date of this
Order. The Plaintiff is at liberty to commence Nullity Proceedings in India.

2) The Plaintiff is at liberty to restore these proceedings in the event that
the condition above is not complied with by the Defendant.

After the delivery of the judgment, the wife, whose position is that the
marriage has been consummated, commenced divorce proceedings against the
husband in New Delhi, India on 24 January 2014.

11 Against the decision of the Judge the husband appealed to the High Court
and the appeal was heard before me. The issue is which is a more convenient
forum for the resolution of the dispute: the Court in India or the Court in
Singapore.

The legal context

The legal test applicable

12 Both parties agreed that the test applicable is that of the House of Lords
decision of _Spiliada Maritime Corporation v Cansulex Ltd_ [1987] AC 460 (“
_Spiliada_ ”), adopted by our Court of Appeal on many occasions: see
_Brinkerhoff Maritime Drilling Corp v PT Airfast Services Indonesia_ [1992] 2
SLR(R) 345, _Eng Liat Kiang v Eng Bak Hern_ [1995] 2 SLR(R) 851, _CIMB Bank
Bhd v Dresdner Kleinworth Ltd_ [2008] 4 SLR(R) 543 (“ _CIMB v Dresdner_ ”) and
_JIO Minerals FZC and others v Mineral Enterprises Ltd_ [2011] 1 SLR 391 (“
_JIO Minerals v Mineral Enterprises_ ”).

13 In brief, the applicable test is a two-stage test:

(a) _Is India the appropriate forum for trial?_ At this stage, in which the
defendant bears the burden of persuasion, the court looks to see what factors
there are which point in the direction of another forum as being the forum
with which the action has the most real and substantial connection. This is a
factors-based test: the weight to be placed on the various factors varies with
each factual matrix: _BDA v BDB_ [2013] 1 SLR 607 (“ _BDA v BDB_ ”) at [23]
_per_ Chao Hick Tin JA.

(b) _Are there any other special circumstances requiring the trial to take
place in Singapore?_ At this second stage, the plaintiff bears the burden of
proof. A stay would ordinarily be granted where there is another more
appropriate forum for trial.

The appellate context

14 As I dealt with this matter in an appellate context, I bore in mind the
guidance of the Court of Appeal that in determining whether or not to grant a
stay of proceedings, the first instance judge will invariably be exercising a
discretion. The appellate court should not interfere with such an exercise of
discretion “unless the judge had misdirected himself on a matter of principle,
or he had taken into account matters which he ought not to have taken into
account or failed to take into account matters which he ought to have taken
into account, or his decision is plainly wrong” (see _CIMB Bank Bhd v Dresdner
Kleinwort Ltd_ [2008] 4 SLR(R) 543 (“ _CIMB Bank_ ”) at [84], referring to
_The Abidin Daver_ [1984] AC 398 at 420 _per_ Lord Brandon of Oakbrook). This
rule was applied to appeals to the High Court from the District Court in _BDA
v BDB._

My decision

Is India the most appropriate forum for trial?

15 The first stage of the test concerns a balancing of the various connecting
factors.

16 The husband’s view was that the marriage was held in India as a matter of
convenience, and that parties intended to live in Singapore in the longer
term. Arising from registration of the marriage under the SMA (which is
similar to our Women’s Charter (Cap 353, 2009 Rev Ed (“Women’s Charter”)), he
thought the dispute fairly straightforward, and more speedily dealt with in
Singapore.

17 The wife, on her part, pointed out that the marriage had been advertised in
India and celebrated there, first as a traditional Hindu marriage valid under
the HMA and then only later registered under the SMA. Indian laws of nullity
under the HMA were different from the SMA, for which her evidence was that the
registration was simply for ease of obtaining a visa to the USA. On the issue
of consummation, her relevant medical experts are based in the USA and India.
The Indian courts are best placed to consider disputes concerning local
experts, Indian domestic law and aspects of maintenance.

18 The Judge held that there are more connecting factors to India than
Singapore: parties were married in India and the wife is an Indian citizen
residing in India. As the husband had chosen to marry in India in accordance
with Indian law and customs, the Judge felt that it is not for the husband to
then claim that he would be denied justice in India.

19 I discuss in turn the various relevant connecting factors raised in
argument.

The domicile and residence of the parties

20 The wife is an Indian citizen and is presently domiciled in India. She has
been residing in Haryana, India since the separation in 2013. The husband, on
the other hand, is a Singaporean citizen who resides in and is domiciled in
Singapore. In this regard, the domicile and residence of the parties do not
point to any specific jurisdiction.

21 While the wife attempted to highlight that the husband remained an
“Overseas Citizen of India” and there was argument and exchange of expert
evidence as to the effect of this, I found it useful to refer to the recent
High Court decision (on appeal from the District Court), _BDA v BDB_ , where
Chao JA observed (at [29]) that nationality is of limited significance:

... While not entirely discounting nationality as a connecting factor,
nationality  _per se_ is of limited significance. In an increasingly
globalised world, multiple nationalities are becoming the norm. _Residency
and/or domicile are better indicators of the strength of a party's connection
to a particular forum._ ...

[emphasis added]

The availability of evidence and witnesses

22 The husband’s argument was that the only potential witnesses in the present
action were the parties themselves and the husband’s parents.

23 In contrast, the wife, who has sought all the while to argue that the
marriage has been consummated, contended that medical reports which “clearly
indicate her capacity to consummate” resulted from medical examinations in USA
and India. She had received no medical attention in Singapore.

24 The Court of Appeal has highlighted in _CIMB Bank_ (at [69]) that the place
of residence of witnesses may not be a significant issue in the light of the
easy availability of video conferencing. Nevertheless, in this particular
case, _some_ weight should be given, as the defendant will likely require
witnesses from either USA or India, given the medical procedures that were
carried out there. Her earliest post-marriage medical treatment, a couple of
months after the marriage, was in India.

Availability of ancillary relief

25 The wife argued that the Court in India is better placed to ascertain an
appropriate quantum for any maintenance order, which she would require on
termination of the marriage.

26 In _BDA v BDB_ , Chao JA dealt with this issue (at [32]) in the context of
two earlier District Court decisions. In _Helen Diane Womersley (m.w.) v Niger
Maurice Womersley_ [2003] SGDC 186 at [14], it was held that an “English court
would be in a better position to consider the cost of living in England”. In
_Prapavathi d/o N Balabaskaran v Manjini Balamurugan_ [2002] SGDC 354 at [48],
it was accepted that it would be easier for a Singapore court to consider the
wife’s cost of living in Singapore. While Chao JA accepted that as a general
proposition it would be easier for a court to consider the cost of living in
its own jurisdiction, he went on to make the observation that a Singapore
court was, as a whole, not at a complete disadvantage in the determination of
maintenance for a wife residing in India when compared to an Indian court (at
[33]):

... First, the wife must show that she needs maintenance and that the husband
has neglected or refused to provide reasonable maintenance for her and any
child of the marriage. Second, the court will have to determine the quantum
required for maintenance. On the first question, the court in Singapore is as
well placed as any other to rule on the issue. As regards the second question,
the advantage of an Indian court is at best limited because of two
considerations. First, the Wife has stated that she intends to return to live
in Singapore. Second, in determining the quantum of maintenance, the court
shall have to take into account the standard of living enjoyed by the Wife and
the son _before_ the Husband's neglect or refusal to maintain them (see s
69(4)(_f_) of the Women's Charter). On this aspect, a Singapore court would be
better placed than an Indian court to determine that matter as the parties
were then living in Singapore. Thus while a Singapore court may be at a slight
disadvantage  _vis-à-vis_ the question of the cost of living in India, it is
at an advantage  _vis-à-vis_ the question of the previous standard of living
of the parties in Singapore. In other words, a Singapore court will not be at
a complete disadvantage, when compared to an Indian court, in determining the
proper quantum of maintenance.

27 In _BDA v BDB_ , a stay was refused because the other connecting factors
were strong. It was a maintenance claim where the wife and son previously
lived in Singapore. The defendant husband, who sought the stay, was working
and resident in Singapore, with assets in Singapore. Further, the wife had
indicated that she intended to return to live in Singapore.

28 In contrast, in this case at hand, it is the party resident in India who
sought the stay. Aside from an initial four weeks, the parties’ previous
standard of living while together is premised on an American quality of life.
The wife’s future standard of living is premised on Indian costs of living.
One could say that quantum is a matter of evidence and it follows as a matter
of logic that a Singaporean court could still make the relevant judgment once
presented with the appropriate evidence. In the light of the lack of other
connecting factors, however, this factor weighed against the husband.

The applicable law

29 The issue concerning the applicable domestic statute was the main dispute
that arose between the parties in the present application. _Both parties
accepted that Indian law would be the law governing their dispute._ As a
result, the main argument before me was confined to the question of whether
the annulment of the marriage was governed by the HMA or the SMA.

(1) _Applicable statute: the HMA or the SMA?_

30 The wife took the view that both parties had undergone a traditional
marriage on 28 February 2011 and the HMA would be the relevant statute
governing the dissolution of the marriage. Because the rules under the HMA
were significantly different from those found in the Women’s Charter, which
was, for all intents and purposes, a secular framework, the wife contended
that it would be more appropriate for an Indian court to resolve the dispute
between the parties.

31 On the other hand, the husband took the position that the marriage was
governed by the SMA, as opposed to the HMA. Mr Shri, the husband’s Indian
counsel, referred to s 18 of the SMA, which expressly provides that the
marriage shall, from the date of entry into the marriage register, be deemed
to be a marriage solemnised under the SMA. In the circumstances, it was argued
that a marriage cannot be governed by both the HMA and the SMA. Mr Shri
contended that upon registration under the SMA, the marriage would thereafter
be governed by the rules therein and a Singapore court would have no
difficulty in view of its similarity with the Women’s Charter.

32 The wife relied on the fact that the HMA marriage was the first in time. In
the opinion dated 31 August 2013 authored by Mr Bimlesh (the wife’s Indian
counsel), it was stated that when the parties were Hindus and the marriage was
solemnised under Hindu customs, even if it were registered later, it would
still be governed by the HMA. She also stated that nullity as a cause of
action was barred under the HMA after one year of marriage[note: 2]; Mr Shri’s
answer was that this issue does not arise in SMA proceedings, which
applied[note: 3].

33 Mr Bimlesh relied on two cases. In _Y Narasimha Rao and Others v Y Venkata
Lakshmi and Another_ (1991) 3 SCC 452 (“ _Narasimha Rao_ ”), parties first
performed Hindu rites in accordance with the HMA and then registered the
marriage under the Foreign Marriage Act. The HMA was held to have prevailed.
This was followed in _R Sridharan v The Presiding Officer_ (9 July 2010)
(unreported) (“ _Sridharan_ ”),[note: 4] where the husband, a US citizen,
argued that although the marriage had been solemnised in the USA in accordance
with Hindu rites recognised by the HMA, it was later registered in the USA.
The court held that the HMA applied.

34 Mr Bimlesh and Mr Shri appeared to be arguing at cross purposes. Mr
Bimlesh’s point was that the first Hindu marriage was the first valid marriage
under local Indian law: as he had no specific case on point, he used a
scenario where the other marriage had been one under foreign law. In
_Narasimha Rao_ and _Shridiran_ , the HMA prevailed because the Hindu rites
were prior in time to the registration. The reasoning of the courts was that
parties knew and contracted their marriage at the point of the first
solemnisation, and to allow them to later alter that could lead to “chaos in
applicability of the laws”.[note: 5] Mr Shri’s point was that s 18 of the SMA
deemed the marriage a marriage solemnised under the SMA and the deeming
provision was clear; however, he was unable to show any law which dealt with
the interplay between the two local statutes. There was no provision in the
SMA or Indian case law to state whether termination of a marriage first valid
under the HMA and then registered under the SMA should be dealt with under the
first domestic statute or the second.

35 The fact that the issue of whether the SMA or the HMA was applicable
garnered such a great divergence in opinion between both Mr Shri and Mr
Bimlesh made clear that this issue of the applicable statute is more
appropriate for an Indian court. It is a matter of interpretation of Indian
domestic law.

36 Related to this is the wife’s concern about the enforceability of a
Singapore nullity decree in India. Both parties accepted that the Supreme
Court of India in _Narasimha Rao_ stipulated that foreign matrimonial
judgments would be recognised “ _only if the jurisdiction assumed by the
foreign court as well as the grounds on which the relief is granted is in
accordance with the matrimonial law under which the parties are married.”_ The
three exceptions to this rule did not apply: (i) where the action is _filed_
where the _respondent_ is domiciled or habitually resides (this would have
necessitated filing in India), (ii) where the respondent submits to the
jurisdiction, or (iii) where the respondent consents to the relief. Mr
Bimlesh’s point is that neither the jurisdictional clauses of the HMA nor the
SMA allow the filing of any petition outside of India unless it was where the
parties last resided together or where the respondent resides.[note: 6] While
Mr Shri was sure the judgment of the Singapore court could be enforced in
India in line with _Narasimha Rao_ , this specific jurisdictional point was
not dealt with by Mr Shri.[note: 7]

(2) _A comment on the parties’ assumption on governing law_

37 Parties did not make clear the basis on which they concluded that Indian
law governed the parties’ dispute. The husband did not attempt to argue that
any other law was applicable. It could possibly have stemmed from a potential
interpretation of _Narasimha Rao_ as the Supreme Court there referenced (see
[36] above) the matrimonial law under which the parties are married. However,
if the action is not stayed, a Singapore court dealing with the issue of
applicable law would have to deal with the applicable law _as a matter of
Singapore conflict of laws rules, as mandated by s 108 of the Women’s Charter,
not as a matter of Indian enforcement rules._

38 In fact, the rules to determine which law should govern applications for
nullity of marriage on the grounds of incapacity or wilful refusal to
consummate a marriage are not settled in Singapore. As for English authorities
dealing with this issue, they have been described as being “undeveloped and
unclear” (see United Kingdom, The Law Commission and The Scottish Law
Commission, _Private International Law Choice of Law Rules in Marriage_ (Law
Com No 165 and Scot Law Com No 105, 1987) at para 2.4).

39 In such cases, the following laws may govern the dispute:

(a) the _lex loci celebrationis_ (_ie_ , the law of the land where the
marriage was celebrated);

(b) the _lex fori_ (_ie_ , the law of the forum); or

(c) the _lex domicilii_ (_ie_ , the law of the domicile).

I deal with the various alternatives in turn.

40 _Lex loci celebrationis._ The parties appeared to assume Indian law
governed for this reason. However, while the English decision of _Robert
(otherwise de la Mare) v Robert_ [1947] P 164 is often cited for the
proposition that the _lex loci celebrationis_ is the governing law for nullity
proceedings, the reasoning in that case has been criticised on many grounds
(see, for example, David McClean, _Morris: The Conflict of Laws_ (Sweet &
Maxwell, 5th Ed, 2000) at pp 205–206). Subsequent English decisions dealing
with incapacity or wilful refusal to consummate a marriage have either ignored
or expressly rejected the _lex loci celebrationis_ as the governing law save
for formal defects (see _Way v Way_ [1950] P 71; _Ponticelli v Ponticelli
(orse Giglio) (by her guardian)_ [1958] P 204 (“ _Ponticelli_ ”)).

41 _A common lex for dual causes of nullity, whether fori or domicilii._
Incapacity is often regarded as going towards the essential or substantive
validity of a marriage; wilful refusal is often seen as a post-nuptial defect,
more akin to a ground of divorce. Could it be argued that the _lex domicilii_
should be applicable for cases of incapacity while the _lex fori_ , the choice
of law for divorce proceedings, should be applicable for cases of wilful
refusal to consummate? In _Ponticelli_ , Sachs J, following the judgment of
Denning LJ in _Ramsay-Fairfax (orse Scott-Gibson) v Ramsay-Fairfax_ [1956] P
115 that eschewed any such distinction, pointed out that both were grounds of
nullity, whether the want of consummation is due to incapacity or to wilful
refusal. This was also rejected in United Kingdom, The Law Commission and the
Scottish Law Commission, _Private International Law Choice of Law Rules in
Marriage_ (Working Paper No 89 and Consultative Memorandum No 64, 1985) at
para 5.30, where it was reasoned that the grounds of wilful refusal and
impotence were frequently pleaded in the alternative, and it would be
undesirable and inconvenient if different rules were to apply.

42 _Lex fori._ While the application of the _lex fori_ is widely accepted in
the case of divorce proceedings, cases have generally preserved a distinction
between nullity and divorce, preferring not to apply it for nullity because of
the possibility of arbitrary and inconsistent results. In _Ponticelli_ , Sachs
J opined that it would be “unfortunate indeed if a marriage were to be held
valid or invalid according to which country’s courts adjudicated on the issue”
(at 215).

43 _Lex domicilii._ In the present case, parties are domiciled in different
jurisdictions. In earlier English decisions such as _Ponticelli_ , the courts
have proceeded on the basis that the law of the husband’s domicile should
prevail. However, a married woman is now capable of acquiring a separate
domicile: see s 47(1) of the Women’s Charter. James Fawcett & Janeen M
Carruthers, _Cheshire, North & Fawcett Private International Law_ (Oxford
University Press, 14th Ed, 2008) (“ _Cheshire, North & Fawcett_”) commented
(at pp 981–982) that _Ponticelli_ must be viewed in the context of the legal
framework subsisting at that point in time, where a wife could not acquire a
separate domicile from her husband. The learned authors also proffered a view
(at p 982) that the law of the domicile of the spouse who is alleged to have
wilfully refused or was incapable of consummating the marriage is the most
appropriate choice of law rule.

44 Certainly in a case such as the present, where the wife is an Indian
citizen domiciled in India who married in India under Indian law, the
recommendation in _Cheshire, North & Fawcett_ would seem more just. Apart from
her short stay in Singapore prior to the parties’ relocation to the US, she
has no connection with Singapore. It would not seem fair to judge a party on
such personal issues with reference to a foreign law which he or she has
limited connection with. In the decision of _Ross Smith v Ross Smith_ [1963]
AC 280, Lord Reid, in declining jurisdiction as the husband was resident
outside England, cited a similar concern (at 306):

... Suppose a case where the law of the parties’ domicile gives no relief on
this ground. It seems to me quite contrary to principle that the wife should
be able to come here and seek relief on that ground. ...

45 In the absence of proper argument by the parties, it was not necessary or
proper for me to arrive at a final conclusion on this issue. I make this
comment on the governing law here for completeness, as _it would be an issue
to be decided by the Singapore court if the action is not stayed_.

Summation on the first stage of the Spiliada test

46 Having looked at the matrix of connecting factors, India is, in my
judgment, a clearly and distinctly more appropriate forum than Singapore.
There is, in addition to the points raised above, a close factual connection
between the wife’s divorce suit in India and the husband’s nullity suit in
Singapore. As a practical matter, it would be best for a single forum to deal
with all the issues. The first issue would be the governing law of the
parties’ dispute (which is not settled if heard in Singapore), and if that
were Indian law, whether the HMA or the SMA applied (an issue of domestic
statutory interpretation more appropriately dealt with by the Indian court).
The question which followed closely was whether, under the HMA or SMA, there
was legal remedy for the three possible scenarios alleged: the wife’s
incapacity, her wilful refusal to consummate, or, the marriage being
consummated, whether the petition of divorce on the ground of cruelty was
merited, again a context appropriate for an Indian court. What would then be
needed would be a specific factual finding as to which scenario was
applicable, whether a ground for divorce or nullity was made out. Having then
drawn the marriage to a close one way or another, that court could decide if
maintenance or any other ancillary relief was in order and if so, what quantum
should be set. An Indian court would be best placed to decide the quantum in
this case.

Is there any special reason to nevertheless refuse a stay?

47 On the second stage of the test, the husband bore the legal burden of
establishing the existence of special circumstances by reason of which justice
requires that a stay should nevertheless be refused. The husband relied on two
points:

(a) excessive delay in the resolution of litigation proceedings in India,
particularly matrimonial proceedings; and

(b) substantial disadvantage to the husband in India due to a “hostile legal
environment” created by the wife there.

Excessive delay

48 The husband contended that the resolution of the present dispute in India
will likely involve grave delays and protracted proceedings. This would
greatly prejudice and impede a speedy trial. The husband relied on the opinion
of Mr Shri that a realistic timeframe for the resolution of the present
dispute would be between _five_ to _seven_ years, taking into account the time
required for any potential appeal by either party. In support of this
estimate, Mr Shri referred to a number of materials, such as newspaper
articles and case authorities discussing the purported chronic backlog of the
Indian judiciary.

49 The husband’s arguments were not persuasive. Mr Shri cited a number of case
authorities which were reported more than ten years ago.[note: 8] These
include the decisions of _Smt Guru Bachan Kaur v Preetam Singh_ [1998] 1 AWC
275, _R N Engineers v K H Desai_ [2003] 2 Bom CR 833 and _K A Abdul Jaleel v T
A Shahida_ (2003) 4 SCC 166. These cases are of limited utility for the
purpose of ascertaining the exact situation in the Indian courts _today_.
Furthermore, Mr Shri has also cited a number of _specific_ cases where an
appellate court had berated the lower court for allowing a matrimonial dispute
to drag on unnecessarily.[note: 9] For instance, Mr Shri has cited the Indian
Supreme Court decision of _Bhuwan Mohan Singh v Meena & Ors_ [2014] INSC 365,
where it was observed that it was “unfortunate that the case continued for
nine years before the Family Court”. Such references to _specific_ cases where
there existed an inordinate delay is not sufficient to establish that there is
a _systemic_ delay across _all_ cases in the Indian courts. In fact, the
strong disapproval of the appellate courts with regard to the delay that had
ensued in those specific cases suggests that those cases may very well be the
exception rather than the norm. Mr Bimlesh also highlighted the option of
using special Fast Track Courts in his affidavit of 29 September 2014.[note:
10]

50 Looking at the evidence as a whole, I am not satisfied that the present
dispute will necessarily be plagued by delays if it were to be tried in India.
Nor would delay be necessarily a sufficient reason. In _Mala Shukla v Jayant
Amritanand Shukla (Danialle An, co-respondent)_ [2002] 1 SLR(R) 920 (“ _Mala v
Jayant_ ”), for example, the petitioner wife had raised a similar argument
that the proceedings in Singapore would be heard faster than in India. Woo Bih
Li JC (as he then was) explained (at [60]) that the fact that proceedings may
be dealt with more slowly in another jurisdiction than in Singapore is not, in
itself, a sufficient basis for a stay to be avoided:

I note that the proceedings in India in respect of Jayant’s appeal to the
Delhi High Court and for special leave to appeal to the Supreme Court of India
have not been unduly slow. Even if, for the sake of argument, divorce
proceedings will be dealt with more slowly than in Singapore, _this is not
sufficient for me to avoid a stay_. ...

[emphasis added]

Other pending actions in India

51 The husband contended that the wife had initiated a number of proceedings
in India against the husband, including an application for maintenance, a
complaint for dowry harassment and an allegation of domestic violence. This
cast him in a negative light before the Indian courts.

52 Of relevance was the husband’s fear of arrest upon arrival in India. While
both parties do not dispute the fact that an arrest warrant has been issued
against the husband, Mr Bimlesh has, in his opinion dated 5 December 2013,
explained that there exists an avenue for the husband to apply for
anticipatory bail pursuant to s 438 of the Code of Criminal Procedure (Act No
2 of 1974) (India).[note: 11] In effect, an accused is allowed to seek bail in
anticipation of being named or accused of having committed a non-bailable
offence. In the event that the court is satisfied that there exists sufficient
grounds for the grant of anticipatory bail, such an order can be issued
_prior_ to the accused being taken into custody. Mr Bimlesh further explained
that an application for anticipatory bail could be made either by the accused
himself or through his lawyer. In a further legal opinion provided by way of
an affidavit dated 29 September 2014, Mr Bimlesh elaborated that while the
presence of the accused is not required in an application for anticipatory
bail, the accused will be under an obligation to be present at the time of the
final hearing in the event that the court considers such presence to be
necessary in the interests of justice.[note: 12] While Mr Shri in his
affidavit filed on 1 October 2014 stated that Mr Bimlesh has “underplayed the
severity of the consequences” and that it was “highly unlikely” that the
husband will be granted anticipatory bail,[note: 13] the fact remains that he
has not disputed the availability of the remedy, and that the husband has not
attempted to obtain it.

53 Thus the husband’s argument that the wife intentionally put him in a bad
light before the Indian courts rings hollow. Although the evidence suggests
that he has avenues to defend himself before those courts, the husband has not
taken any action. Indeed, the evidence suggests that he does not have _any
intention_ to take any action. At the same time, he has not produced any
evidence to suggest that if he were to defend those proceedings, he would not
be entitled to a fair trial before the Indian courts. If there is any negative
impression of the husband on the part of the Indian courts, it would most
likely be attributable to his complete disregard for the Indian courts.

54 I would mention that the husband has, on multiple occasions, referred to
the wife’s complaints as being “baseless” and “financially motivated”. These
are broad assertions, for which the court has no evidence from which to draw
any conclusion that the legal proceedings commenced by the wife are, as
suggested by him, wholly devoid of any merit. Indeed, on the issue of
maintenance, there was no evidence that the husband offered the wife any
maintenance after she left the USA. Thus the wife’s counsel’s argument that
the wife was merely acting within her rights under Indian law is a logical
one.

Summation on the second stage of the Spiliada test

55 Courts, being tasked with access to justice, are concerned to act in
accordance with fair rules, and yet, at the same time, to ensure equitable
outcomes for each individual case. The two-stage _Spiliada_ test well
illustrates this two-fold objective of judicial discretion. In the first
stage, the court examines a case to find logical rationale for its
jurisdiction. Having failed to do so, to ensure no injustice, the court, prior
to sending a suit away, satisfies itself that there is no special reason that
ought to oblige it to hear the suit in order to do justice between the
parties. This marriage having broken down, the husband sought a swift
resolution, but sought also to avoid the inconvenience of a proper
disentanglement of his obligations ancillary to marriage and its termination.
Whilst the court may have sympathy for the former, it ought not to exercise
its discretion to aid the latter.

Conclusion

56 For the reasons set out above, I dismissed the husband’s appeal against the
Judge’s decision.

57 Costs, after hearing counsel, were ordered in favour of the wife. The costs
of the appeal and the husband’s application to adduce further evidence (which
costs were earlier ordered by another High Court Judge to be in the cause),
were fixed at $5,000.

* * *

[note: 1]Record of Appeal (“ROA”) Vol 1A at p 18.

[note: 2]ROA Vol 1A at p 60.

[note: 3]ROA Vol 1A at p 126.

[note: 4]ROA Vol 1A at pp 459–464.

[note: 5]ROA Vol 1A at p 258.

[note: 6]ROA Vol 1A at p 261; ROA Vol 2 at pp 131–141.

[note: 7]ROA Vol 1A at pp 123–125; ROA Vol 1C at pp 20–21.

[note: 8]ROA Vol 1C at pp 49–50.

[note: 9]ROA Vol 1C at pp 50–52.

[note: 10]ROA Vol 1B at p 161.

[note: 11]ROA Vol 1B at pp 51–52.

[note: 12]ROA Vol 1B at pp 165–166.

[note: 13]ROA Vol 1C at p 28.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 22 Apr 2015 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

