Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Ram Parshotam Mittal _v_ Portcullis Trustnet (Singapore) Pte Ltd and
others  
[2015] SGHCR 12

Case Number| :| Suit No 785 of 2011 (Summons No 568 of 2015)  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 27 April 2015  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Paul Tan AR  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Monica Chong (WongPartnership LLP) for the plaintiff;
Edwin Soh and Harsharan Kaur (Drew & Napier LLC) for the defendants  
Parties| :|  Ram Parshotam Mittal — Portcullis Trustnet (Singapore) Pte Ltd
and others  
  
27 April 2015|  
---|---  
  
Paul Tan AR:

1 This was an application by the Plaintiff for the Defendants to produce for
inspection several categories of documents that have been listed in Part 2 of
Schedule 1 of the Defendants’ List of Documents filed on 12 December 2014 and
the attachment to the document listed at S/N 65 of Part 1 of the same Schedule
(the “Requested Documents”). These are documents that the Defendants object to
producing for inspection on the grounds that it would contravene section 149
of the Labuan Companies Act (“Section 149”) and breach a Labuan Order of Court
made on 8 September 2014 pursuant to Section 149 (the “Labuan Order”).

2 Relevance of the documents was not disputed before me given that the
documents have been included in Schedule 1 of the list of documents. Before
me, the Defendants did not dispute necessity save for the cause papers filed
in the Labuan proceedings. I heard parties on 18 March 2015 and delivered my
oral grounds on 20 March 2015. I was of the view that production of the
documents should be ordered. I now render my written grounds for my decision.

Background

3 The plaintiff is the shareholder of an Indian Company called HQR and the
brother of Ashok Mittal with whom he is in dispute over the ownership and
management of HQR in separate proceedings.

4 The 1st Defendant is a Singapore incorporated company and is part of the
Portcullis Group. The 2nd Defendant is a Labuan-incorporated company which
ceased to be part of the Portcullis Group from 30 January 2015. The 3rd
Defendant is the Chairman of the Portcullis Group.

5 Cardiff (a Labuan company) and Hillcrest (a Malaysian Company and the
wholly-owned subsidiary of Cardiff) were set up in 2003 as a corporate
structure to route offshore funds to HQR. The single ordinary share in Cardiff
was held by Portcullis Trust (Labuan) Sdn Bhd until 19 march 2004 when the
share was transferred to the 2nd Defendant who continued to hold the share
until 15 February 2015 when the 2nd Defendant retired as trustee of the sole
Cardiff share.

Proceedings in Labuan

6 On 23 July 2013, the Defendants filed an application in the Labuan Court for
leave to disclose documents relating to the business and affairs of the 2nd
Defendant, Cardiff and Hillcrest for the purpose of the present Singapore
proceedings. On 11 October 2013, the Labuan Court granted an interim order
precluding the Defendants from disclosing documents relating to the business
and affairs of the 2nd Defendant, Cardiff and/or Hillcrest for the present
actions (the “Interim Labuan Order”). The Defendants’ application was heard by
the Labuan Court on 7 April 2014 and 7 May 2014 and dismissed on 20 May 2014,
a subsequent appeal to the Malaysian Court of Appeal was dismissed on 13
February 2015.

7 During the trial of the suit commenced by Ashok Mittal against the Plaintiff
and the Defendants in the Labuan Court, Ashok Mittal made an oral application
for an order prevent the Defendants from disclosing to any party the details
of Labuan proceedings commenced by:

(a) Ashok Mittal against the Plaintiff and the Defendants; and

(b) the 2nd Defendant against the Plaintiff and Ashok Mittal.

8 The Labuan Court granted the application which gave rise to the Labuan
Order.

The Plaintiff’s submissions

9 The Plaintiff’s position was that inspection of the Requested Documents
pursuant to O 24 r 11(2) of the Rules of Court should be ordered because the
documents were relevant and necessary for the fair disposal of the present
proceedings. The Plaintiff also submits that there was no evidence that the
Defendants would be exposed to any risk of penal sanction under Labuan law
even if they were to produce the Request Documents for inspection. The
Plaintiff’s Counsel highlights that while the Defendants’ expert on Labuan
law, Mr Rishwant Singh (“Mr Singh”) states in his report that the Defendants
would be exposed to criminal sanctions if inspection of Requested Documents is
ordered, he has not actually seen the documents himself. Further, he has not
indicated how the Requested Documents fall within the ambit of Section 149 or
the Labuan Order.

10 The Plaintiff’s Counsel points to the fact that in SUM 1595/2013 (“SUM
1595) and SUM 853/2014 (SUM 853), which were applications for production of
documents and further and better particulars respectively, the same arguments
were raised and rejected by the Court. Further, despite the Court ordering
production of documents and the provision of further and better particulars,
the Defendants have not been subject to any penal sanction.

11 The Plaintiff’s Counsel argued that Section 149 and the Labuan Order are in
fact irrelevant to the application at hand because the law that applies to
proceedings is the _lex fori_ , Singapore law and not Labuan law.

The Defendants’ submissions

12 The Defendants’ position is that the Court in considering whether to order
production of documents for inspection should consider whether there was a
real risk of penal sanctions. The Defendants’ Counsel argued strenuously that
the Requested Documents fell squarely within the ambit of Section 149 and the
Labuan Order, thus the threat of penal sanctions was very real and would put
the Defendants in a difficult position if production was ordered. The
Defendants rely heavily on Mr Singh’s expert opinion in this respect.

13 He further argued that the reason no penal sanctions have been visited on
the Defendants following their compliance with the orders made in SUM 1595 and
SUM 853 was because the documents produced and particulars pleaded were not as
significant in scale as in the current application. It was also argued that at
the time they were determined, the Labuan Court had not made the Labuan Order.

14 The Defendants argue that Section 149 and the Labuan Order were relevant
because the Singapore Courts have held that foreign court orders must, as a
matter of comity, be recognised, respected and given weight to, citing _The
Reecon Wolf_ [2012] 2 SLR 289 (“ _The Reecon Wolf_ ”) at [21].

15 The Defendants argued that the Singapore had no jurisdiction under Section
149 to order production of documents because the Labuan Court had decided that
only the High Court of Malaysia and the High Court of Sabah and Sarawak were
Courts of competent jurisdiction for the purpose of Section 149.

16 The Defendants also argue that production of the cause papers filed in the
Labuan proceedings were not necessary for the fair disposal of the Singapore
proceedings or in the alternative, should be produced only just before the
parties exchange AEICs to prevent the Plaintiff from stealing a march on the
Defendants.

My decision

17 As stated above, after hearing parties, I allowed the application, I
ordered the Defendants to produce the Requested Documents for inspection by
the Plaintiff and to allow the Plaintiff to take copies of the documents
subject to the Plaintiff’s undertaking that they be used only for the purposes
of S 785/2011.

Necessity of the Labuan Cause Papers

18 I deal first with the issue of necessity of ordering production of the
cause papers filed in the Labuan proceedings since if necessity is not made
out, the issue of any breach of Section 149 or the Labuan Order need not be
dealt with.

19 The law on production of documents is that where the documents are shown to
be relevant, the Court may order the production of the documents for
inspection only if it is necessary for the disposing fairly of the cause or
matter or for saving costs (O 24 r 11 read with r 13(1)).

20 The Defendant’s Counsel’s submission is that the Plaintiff’s request for
the cause papers was nothing more than an attempt to preview the Defendant’s
evidence and there was no need for the Plaintiff to have the documents for the
conduct of the case.

21 I was puzzled as to when the Defendants’ Counsel then thought these
documents should be produced if not now during discovery. It was the
Defendants who disclosed these documents in Schedule 1 of their list of
documents, indicating _prima facie_ that they were of the view that these
documents are relevant and necessary. Inspection comes as part and parcel of
the discovery process.

22 This is not a case where the document has been referred to in the pleadings
or an affidavit prior to general discovery and production of the document is
sought or where the document is claimed to be privileged and the opposing
party is seeking an order for the Court to inspect the document to determine
if it is privileged.

23 The Defendants’ Counsel submitted that if I was to order production, it
should be just before the exchange of AEICs. I do not see any merit in that
submission and note that it would result in the delay of the proceedings if
the Plaintiff finds crucial pieces of evidence in the documents provided after
the AEICs are ready for exchange. As such I am of the view that the cause
papers are necessary for the fair disposal of the matter.

Section 149

24 I now turn to the issue of Section 149 and its applicability.

25 S 149(1) of the Labuan Companies Act provides that:

“(1) No person who has by any means access to any record, book, register,
correspondence, document, material or information relating to the business and
affairs of the Labuan company or foreign Labuan company shall give, reveal,
publish or otherwise disclose to any person such record, book, register,
correspondence, document, material or information.”

26 It is the trite that the law governing the procedures applicable to court
litigation is _lex fori_. As stated by Hoffmann J (as he then was) in
_Mackinnon v Donaldson, Lufkin and Jenrette Securities Corporation & Ors_
[1986] 1 Ch 482 (“ _Mackinnon_ ”) at 494-495, “if you join the game you must
play according to the local rules. This applies not only to plaintiffs but
also defendants who give notice of intention to defend.”

27 This principle is further expounded by the Privy Council in _Peter John
Brannigan & Ors v Sir Ronald Keith Davison_ [1997] 1 AC 238 (“ _Brannigan_ ”).
In _Brannigan_ , the plaintiffs were resisting an application to give evidence
on the basis that to do so would be an offence under Cook Islands legislation
and they were entitled under the privilege against self-incrimination to avoid
giving evidence.

28 Lord Nicholls held that:

“If the privilege were applicable when the risk of prosecution is under the
law of another country, the privilege would have the effect of according
primacy to foreign law in all cases. Another country's decision on what
conduct does or does not attract criminal or penal sanctions would rebound on
the domestic court. The foreign law would override the domestic court's
ability to conduct its proceedings in accordance with its own procedures and
law. If an answer would tend to expose the witness to a real risk of
prosecution under a foreign law then, whatever the nature of the activity
proscribed by the foreign law, the witness would have an absolute right to
refuse to answer the question, however important that answer might be for the
purposes of the domestic court's proceedings.

This surely cannot be right. Different countries have their own interests to
pursue. At times national interests conflict. In its simple, absolute
unqualified form the privilege, established in a domestic law setting, cannot
be extended to include foreign law without encroaching unacceptably upon the
domestic country's legitimate interest in the conduct of its own judicial
proceedings.” (See Brannigan at 249-250)

29 Lord Nicholls’ speech highlights the issues with allowing considerations of
foreign laws primacy over the domestic court’s procedural rules such that it
would extend the reach of the foreign law and give it extra-territorial effect
by allowing it to influence the domestic court’s judicial proceedings.

30 The Plaintiff’s solicitors have also pointed out that the English Courts
have dealt with legislation similar to Section 149 in _Partenreederei M/s
Heidberg & Anor v Gorvenor Grain and Feed Company Limited & Ors_ [1993] I.L.Pr
718 (“ _The Heidberg_ ”) In _The Heidberg_ , 2 defendants, UNCAC and GroupAma,
sought to avoid their discovery obligations on the basis that to do so would
infringe French law. The defendants asserted that as French companies they are
prohibited under French law from complying with the English order to give
discovery and compliance would result in a criminal offence in France. The
English Court held that it was not persuaded by the evidence before it that
there would be an offence by the defendants if they complied with the English
discovery order and there was no risk of the defendants being charged with any
criminal offence in France (_The Heidberg_ at [36]).

31 The English Court reiterated that all matters of procedure are governed by
the domestic law of the country to which the court where in any legal
proceedings are taken belongs and affirmed Hoffmann J’s holding in
_Mackinnon_.

32 In _Christopher Morris v Banque Arabe et Internationale D’Investissement
S.A_. [2001] I.L.Pr. 37 (“ _Christopher Morris_ ”), Neuberger J (as he then
was) was in a similar situation and ordered that discovery be ordered because
to hold otherwise would very substantially interfere with the opposing party’s
pursuit of the case and clearly hamper the Court’s ability to try the case
fairly (_Christopher Morris_ at [68]).

33 The purpose of the discovery process under O 24 of the Rules of Court is to
ensure that the parties to the proceedings in Singapore and the Singapore
Court have the relevant and necessary evidence in order to properly and fairly
determine the issues. To allow Section 149 as a basis for the Defendants to
withhold documents that are clearly relevant would extend the reach of the
Labuan Companies Act such that it interferes with proceedings in the Singapore
Court and hamper the Singapore Court’s ability to dispose of the matter
fairly.

34 Further, while the Defendants have adduced evidence on foreign law in the
form of Mr Singh’s expert opinion, I do not think much weight should be given
to it.

35 During submissions, the Defendants’ counsel in oral submissions before me
stated that Mr Singh did not actual review the Requested Documents, the
Defendants’ Counsel not wanting to “belabour” the expert had conducted the
review of the Requested Documents and produced the three categories set out at
paragraph 53 of the Defendants’ written submissions.

36 It was on these categories that Mr Singh then proceeded to give his
expert’s opinion. It was very telling that at paragraph 9 of his opinion Mr
Singh stated he was instructed by the Defendants’ Singapore solicitors that
the Requested Documents consisted of, among other things, the categories of
documents set out at paragraph 53 of the Defendants’ written submissions. He
then goes on to state that the documents in two categories fall within the
ambit of the Labuan Order and that the last category of documents would fall
within the ambit of Section 149 without stating providing any the reasoning
for his conclusion. It would appear that Mr Singh expects the Court to simply
take him at his word.

37 In _BNY Corporate Trustee Services Ltd v Celestial Nutrifoods Ltd_ [2014] 4
SLR 331 (“ _Celestial_ ”), the honourable Justice Prakash dealt with a similar
situation. In _Celestial_ , the former auditors were resisting providing
documents pursuant to section 285 of the Companies Act (Cap 50), one of the
arguments put forth by the auditors’ solicitors was that to provide the
documents would be to breach the State Secrets Law in China. However, Justice
Prakash noted that the auditor’s experts had not actually shown what state
secrets were contained in the documents or how revealing them would be against
PRC law.

38 This appears to be the case here as well. Mr Singh has not stated how the
documents relate to the business and affairs of a Labuan company or foreign
Labuan company or how they would breach Section 149.

39 I would further question if Mr Singh is an appropriate person to give
expert evidence and is in a position to be able to offer an entirely
independent view given that he is at the same time the Defendants’ solicitors
in the Labuan proceedings.

40 It is trite that an expert’s duty to the Court is enshrined in O 40A r 2 of
the Rules of Court (See _Pacific Recreation Pte Ltd v S Y Technology Inc_
[2008] 2 SLR(R) 491 at [69]). The reason for this is stated by the Court in
_Vita Health Laboratories Pte Ltd v Pang Seng Meng_ [2004] 4 SLR(R) 162 at
[82]

“while an advocate may be as biased as he chooses to be in pressing his
client’s cause, an expert cannot adopt such a stance. An advocate is expected
to articulate his client’s views and cause without necessarily interposing his
own views. An expert, on the other hand, should not evolve into a spokesperson
for his client. Any opinions expressed must have a genuine foundation.”

41 Given that Mr Singh is the Defendants’ solicitor, I am of the view that the
weight which the Court should accord Mr Singh’s opinion should be adjusted
accordingly. Further, as stated earlier, Mr Singh has not provided any grounds
for his opinion.

42 It is also insufficient to simply show that there is a foreign law
prohibiting disclosure of documents. In order for a party to avoid its
discovery obligations, the party would also have to show that the threat to
the party is real (See Paul Matthews and Hodge M Malek QC, _Disclosure_
(Thomson Reuters (Legal) Limited, 4th Ed, 2012) at para 8.26).

43 Mr Singh has not provided me with any examples of where parties who have
provided such documents under an order of Court have been prosecuted for the
offence. The Defendants’ Counsel point out that in the Labuan proceedings, the
Plaintiff’s brother Ashok Mittal had sought and obtained a declaration by the
Court that the Plaintiff had breached Section 149. However, despite this the
Plaintiff has not been charged with such an offence. It also bears noting that
in SUM 1595 and SUM 853 which were heard before AR Teo Guan Kee and AR Edwin
San respectively, the same argument that Section 149 prevents the Defendants
from providing documents was run unsuccessfully. In particular, AR Teo ordered
production of 8 documents. However, despite AR Teo ordering discovery and AR
San ordering particulars which the Defendants asserted would breach Section
149, there have been no ramifications suffered by the Defendants.

44 Given the above, I find that the Defendants have not discharged their
burden to show that the documents would fall within the ambit of Section 149
and further I am of the opinion that there is little or no risk of criminal
sanctions should the Defendants be ordered to produce the requested documents.

The Labuan Order

45 Turning to the Labuan Order, I am of the opinion that the factors cited
above apply as forcefully to the Labuan Order and given that the Labuan Order
was derived from Section 149, I would reach the same conclusion. I note that
while the Defendants’ Counsel highlight that the Labuan Order was made only
after SUM 1595 and SUM 853 had been determined, the Interim Labuan Order was
made before SUM 853 was determined and no consequences have been visited on
the Defendants.

46 In addition, the Defendants’ Counsel stressed that the Singapore Courts
have accepted that foreign court orders must, as a matter of comity, be
recognized, respected and given weight to, citing the decision of the
honourable Justice Belinda Ang in _The Reecon Wolf_ at [21]. I think the
Defendants’ Counsel have overstated the position and note that what the
learned Judge actually held at [21] was

“The Singapore courts have acknowledged the importance of international
comity, and __in a proper case__ have given the doctrine due regard.”(Emphasis
added)

47 Justice Ang goes on to set out the meaning of comity at [23],

“23 "Comity" is defined in Morguard Investments Ltd v De Savoye [1990] 3 SCR
1077 at 1096 (and subsequently approved in Amchem Products Incorporated v
British Columbia (Workers' Compensation Board) [1993] 1 SCR 897) ("Amchem
Products") in the following terms:

'Comity' in the legal sense is neither a matter of absolute obligation, on the
one hand, nor of mere courtesy and good will, upon the other. But it is the
recognition which one nation allows within its territory to the legislative,
executive or judicial acts of another nation, having due regard both to
international duty and convenience, and to the rights of its own citizens or
of other persons who are under the protection of its laws ...”

48 The learned Judge, citing Andrew Phang JC (as he then was) in _Q & M
Enterprises Sdn Bhd v Poh Kiat_ [2005] 4 SLR(R) 494 at [25], highlighted that
“ _if giving accord to international comity offends the public policy of the
domestic legal system (for example, Singapore), naturally the interest of the
latter will prevail_ ”.

49 Comity is not a magical word that once uttered would immediately cause the
Singapore Court to bow to the decision of a foreign court. It is a balancing
exercise where the Court has to consider on one hand the decision of a court
of foreign jurisdiction and the other hand the interests in the proceedings
over which it has jurisdiction. The question is whether comity is being
weighed against simply something that is the convenience of a party or public
policy.

50 In the present case, I have to weigh the interests of the Singapore Court
and the parties to the proceedings in Singapore in having the relevant and
necessary evidence before the Court in order fairly dispose of the matter
against recognising the Labuan Order. I am of the view that to allow the
Defendants to avoid their discovery obligations on the basis of the Labuan
Court order would be to offend the public policy of ensuring that the
Singapore Court has all the relevant and necessary evidence before it so that
it can dispose of the matter fairly.

Conclusion

51 For the reasons above, I ordered the Defendants to produce the Requested
Documents for inspection by the Plaintiff within seven days and to allow the
Plaintiff to take copies on the undertaking to pay for the copies and that the
documents would only be used for the purposes of the present suit.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 27 Apr 2015 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

