Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  AOB _v_ AOC  
[2015] SGHC 13

Case Number| :| Divorce (Transferred) No 2059 of 2011  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 20 January 2015  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Choo Han Teck J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Low Chai Chong and Alvin Liong (Rodyk & Davidson LLP) for
the plaintiff/wife; Ivan Cheong Zhihui (Harry Elias Partnership) for the
defendant/ husband.  
Parties| :|  AOB — AOC  
  
20 January 2015| Judgment reserved  
---|---  
  
Choo Han Teck J:

1 The plaintiff/wife is a 50 year old Singapore citizen. She says that she is
“presently unemployed and just started a consultancy business”. The
defendant/husband is a 54 year old Singapore citizen who works as a managing
director of two private limited companies. These two companies are in the
information technology business, selling hardware which protects the computer
system from being hacked into. I shall refer to these two companies in this
judgment as Company A and Company B. The parties are in agreement that his
take-home monthly income is $43,978.

2 The parties married on 30 March 1990. The wife filed a writ for divorce on
29 April 2011 on the basis that the husband behaved in a manner such that it
is unreasonable for her to live with him under s 95(3)(_b_) of the Women’s
Charter (Cap 353, 2009 Rev Ed) (“WC”). The husband filed his defence on 25 May
2011. Interim judgment for divorce was granted by the District Court on 10
October 2011. The length of the marriage is about 21½ years.

3 There are two children in this marriage: (1) a 19 year old son who is
currently serving national service; and (2) 18 year old daughter who is
currently in Secondary 3. The wife moved out of the matrimonial home. The
parties do not agree on when she moved out. The husband says she moved out on
19 February 2011 without his knowledge while he was away on a business trip.
The wife says she moved out in August 2010.

4 I start with the first issue before me, namely the issue of care, control
and access of the two children. The parties are in agreement that they should
have joint custody over their children. But they differ on control and access.
The wife in [96] of her first affidavit dated 1 December 2011 says that she
wants joint care and control of the children as she is “looking after both the
children”. She says that she continued to do grocery shopping, ferry the
children for their classes, cook for them, take them to their medical
appointments and pays for their tuition classes as she lives less than 15
minutes from the matrimonial home. The wife avers that the husband “hardly
spends time with the children”.

5 The husband disagrees and wants sole care and control of the children with
reasonable access to the wife. In [10] of their written submissions, the
husband’s lawyers argue that joint care and control is not in the children’s
best interests as “interactions between the parties are rather acrimonious and
that such a living arrangement would be disruptive to the existing familial
living arrangements that the children are already accustomed to”. In this
regard, the husband relies on the following facts to substantiate why he
should have care and control over the children:

(a) First, the wife “unilaterally chose to abandon the family and left the
matrimonial home”;

(b) Second, the children have always been and continue to reside in the
matrimonial home with his mother and brother. The husband says that the
children have been living in that matrimonial home since it was purchased in
1999, and have been living in it for most of their lives;

(c) Third, the wife has to travel frequently for work. The husband says that
the wife has since started her own businesses and opened multiple companies in
her name from September 2013;

(d) Fourth, the wife was not the primary caregiver for the children who is
looked after by his mother with the assistance of two maids during the day
(presumably while he is at work). The husband says that he had to employ two
maids instead of one because his mother suffers from Alzheimer’s disease and
needs extra help;

(e) Fifth, the children have been hurt by his wife’s decision to abandon the
marriage and the family. The husband states in [40]-[41] of his 2nd affidavit
dated 20 March 2013 that he has had to attend to the children’s emotional
needs and settle everything down after the wife left so abruptly;

(f) Sixth, the children are currently 19 and 18 years old and are able to
express their independent opinions; and

(g) Seventh, the husband says he has been the sole caregiver and looking after
the children’s needs since the wife left the matrimonial home.

With regard to (_d_), I doubt that the husband’s mother is able to care for
the children if she suffers from Alzheimer’s disease and needs help herself.

6 In my view, joint care and control is neither appropriate nor in the
children’s best interests in this case. Shared care and control would be
extremely disruptive to the children as they have been living in the
matrimonial home since 1999. The husband will continue to care and control
over the children. More importantly, the children here are almost of adult
age.

7 I also refrain from making an order for access in favour of the wife as I am
of the view that it is pointless to. The children are already grown up and
should be able to choose independently whether and when they would like to
meet their mother. Furthermore, the son is in national service. Making an
order for access may result in a conflict with his national service duties.

8 I now deal with the children’s maintenance. In this case, the husband is
seeking maintenance for the children from the wife (and not the other way
round as is often the case). The husband asserts that the children’s monthly
expenses amount to $9,287.74 and says that the amount should be increased $200
every month “due to their increased expenses as the children grow up”. The
husband goes on to say that these expenses exclude the children’s current
school fees which are debited directly via GIRO from the wife’s bank account.
The wife’s lawyers made no submissions on the amount of maintenance she should
provide for the children. The family may, however, benefit from counselling
with the view of re-establishing the strained relationship between mother and
children.

9 The $9,287.74 is the sum of two parts. First, the children’s monthly
personal expenses “excluding their share of the household expenses and the
maid’s expenses as of 28 November 2011” which he says amount to $5,610.66 (the
husband says that the daughter’s monthly maintenance is $3,630.83, whereas
that for the son is $1.979.83). The second part is “the children’s share of
the increased household expenses”. The husband says that this amounts to
$3,373.08. The husband arrives at the figure of $3,373.08 by taking two-
sevenths of the total household expense (which the husband says amounts to
$11,805.80). The $11,805.80 is the sum of $11,005.80, which are the expenses
for two cars and $800. It is not at all clear from the husband’s submissions
what expense this $800 is for. There are a total of seven members in living in
the matrimonial home: (1) the husband’s mother; (2) the husband’s brother; (3)
the two children; (4) two maids; and (5) the husband himself.

10 The husband also asserts that the wife’s contribution to the children’s
expenses has been minimal and that she has a “joint obligation” to contribute
to the children’s expenses. In this regard, the husband’s lawyers make these
four points:

(a) First, the wife does not pay for any of the children’s enrichment and
tuition expenses;

(b) Second, the wife has not contributed to the children’s expenses (save for
their school fees) since February 2011;

(c) Third, the husband has always been paying for the family expenses and for
most of the children’s expenses throughout the marriage; and

(d) Fourth, the wife is a “capable businesswoman who has set up a number of
companies, at least one of which is based overseas and is well able to
continue to contribute to the children’s expenses”

The husband’s lawyers submit that it would be “equitable” for the husband to
bear 60% of the children’s expenses and for the wife to bear the remaining
40%. This means that the wife should pay a monthly sum of $3,700 for the
children’s expenses (this is 40% of the $9,287.74). The husband’s lawyers
propose that the children’s school fees should be born equally by the parties,
and that the maintenance should be backdated to 10 October 2011, the date of
the interim judgment.

11 Sections 68 and 69(2) of the WC provide that parents have to maintain their
children. Section 68 of the WC reads:

**Duty of parents to maintain children**

**68.** Except where an agreement or order of court otherwise provides, it
shall be the duty of a parent to maintain or contribute to the maintenance of
his or her children, whether they are in his or her custody or the custody of
any other person, and whether they are legitimate or illegitimate, either by
providing them with such accommodation, clothing, food and education as may be
reasonable having regard to his or her means and station in life or by paying
the cost thereof.

Section 69(2) of the WC reads:

**Court may order maintenance of wife and children**

**69.** —...

(2) The court may, on due proof that a parent has neglected or refused to
provide reasonable maintenance for his child who is unable to maintain
himself, order that parent to pay a monthly allowance or a lump sum for the
maintenance of that child.

Section 69(4) of the WC goes on to provide a list of non-exhaustive
considerations that a court should take into account when ordering
maintenance.

12 I find it hard to believe that the children’s expenses amount to $9,287.74
monthly. I am of the view that the children’s expenses have been inflated by
the husband for the following reasons:

(a) First, a large part of the household expenses of $11,805.80 is used for
the loan instalments and the upkeep of two cars (a Honda CRV and an Aston
Martin). The monthly expenses for both cars alone amount to $11,005.80. I find
that it is not right to attribute the cost of the upkeep of two cars as part
of the monthly expenses for the children. In particular, the Aston Martin,
being a luxury car, is the more expensive car to upkeep as its insurance, road
tax, maintenance and monthly loan instalments are more expensive. To
illustrate, a monthly loan instalment of $7,275 is payable for the Aston
Martin, whereas the monthly instalments for the Honda CRV amount to $1,186;
and

(b) Second, the children’s monthly personal expenses appear to be inflated
too. This is because he includes these one-off expenses: (1) a piano for the
daughter ($9,000, amounting to $750 monthly); (2) a computer tablet for the
daughter ($2,000, amounting to $166.67 monthly); and (3) computer for the son
($2,000, amounting to $166.67 monthly).

13 I note that the husband asserts in his affidavit of assets and means dated
25 November 2011 that he spends $200 per month for each of the two children
for outings to places such as the Bird Park and the Science Centre – which may
have been many years ago when they were younger. He appears to have
miscalculated this figure as he states in that same affidavit that the yearly
expense for these outings for each child is $1,200. This works out to $100
(and not $200) per month for each child.

14 I also decline to increase the monthly expenses by $200 per month for what
the husband says are increased expenses for the children as this would result
in an exponential increase in the amount of maintenance - the monthly
maintenance payable would increase by $2,400 every year. The husband’s lawyers
did not explain (besides a bald assertion that the increase is needed due to
“increased expenses”) why such a large increase is necessary.

15 I find that the monthly expenses of the two children to be $5,252.94. This
is the sum total of the following:

(a) $925.62 (two-sevenths of the household expenses which the husband states
in his affidavit of assets and means dated 25 November 2011);

(b) $1,713.16 (son’s personal expenses, after deducting $166.67 for the one-
off expense of a computer (see above: [13(b)]) and $100 to account for the
calculation error for weekend outings (see above: [14])) from the $1,979.83
figure provided by the husband); and

(c) $2,614.16 (daughter’s personal expenses, after deducting (1) $166.67 for
the one-off expense of a computer tablet (see above: [13(b)]); (2) $750 for
the one-off expense of a piano (see above: [13(b)]); and (3) $ 100 to account
for the calculation error for weekend outings (see above: [14]) from the
$3,630.83 figure provided by the husband).

The daughter’s personal expenses are much more than those of the son’s as she
attends more enrichment classes (for violin and mathematics) than the son
does.

16 In determining the amount of maintenance, the court has to have regard to
the list of non-exhaustive considerations provided under s 69(4) of the WC
That provision reads:

(4) The court, when ordering maintenance for a wife or child under this
section, shall have regard to all the circumstances of the case including the
following matters:

(a) the financial needs of the wife or child;

(b) the income, earning capacity (if any), property and other financial
resources of the wife or child;

(c) any physical or mental disability of the wife or child;

(d) the age of each party to the marriage and the duration of the marriage;

(e) the contributions made by each of the parties to the marriage to the
welfare of the family, including any contribution made by looking after the
home or caring for the family;

(f) the standard of living enjoyed by the wife or child before the husband or
parent, as the case may be, neglected or refused to provide reasonable
maintenance for the wife or child;

(g) in the case of a child, the manner in which he was being, and in which the
parties to the marriage expected him to be, educated or trained; and

(h) the conduct of each of the parties to the marriage, if the conduct is such
that it would in the opinion of the court be inequitable to disregard it.

17 The wife’s lawyers say that the wife is “presently unemployed, and just
started a consultancy business”. This suggests that she may not have the means
to provide maintenance for the two children (s 69(4)(_b_) of the WC). The
husband’s lawyers dispute this, and say that the wife “has not been
forthcoming with regards to her income and means”. In this regard, the
husband’s lawyers submit that the wife only disclosed at the eleventh hour
that she is a director of at least five companies. The husband’s lawyers
assert that the wife earns an income from these companies. Even though the
wife claims that these companies do not have any business activities, and she
therefore draws no income from them, the husband’s lawyers argue that this is
“inherently unbelievable” as she is a “savvy and enterprising businesswoman
with good business acumen”. Furthermore, there is “objective evidence
available on the public domain” that “undermines the wife’s claim”:

(a) First, the wife is the CEO, chairman and founder of a group of companies
and is the “creator and organiser” of a two day “crowd funding” conference
held from 4 to 5 August 2014 at the Marina Bay Sands Expo and Convention
Centre;

(b) Second, the wife’s profile on the website for “crowdfunding” conference
states that she is a capable businesswoman. It reads:

[Wife’s name]

CEO & Founder, [group company name] and Creator of [name of “crowdfunding”
conference]

As CEO, Chairman and Founder of [group company name], and with a passion of
driving global crowdfunding, [Wife’s name] took lead to create the [name of
crowdfunding conference]. Branded in Singapore, she enrolled the support of
the international practitioners to join force to promote Crowdfunding as
industry to sync with international development.

[Wife’s name] is committed to support Asia potential and innovation leveraging
on crowdfunding as strong alternatives funding for startup, innovators and
entrepreneurs; creatively even existing business expansion worthiness. She has
clarity on where Asia CROWDFUNDING will goes and takes every effort to work
closely with the ground to raise awareness. She was invited to conduct focus-
group workshops with different agencies to support her belief in having a
robust ecosystem to serve the fresh field in crowdfunding in all industry.

[Wife’s name] has worked with Asean government and enterprises to address
major ICT, cyber-security and forensic. She also drove initiatives with top
CIOs as International Liaison Officer for CIO16 Association of Thailand as
well to support Thailand to develop the new ASEAN CIO Association.

Her skills set was acquired through her experience working in various
industries’ successes. Her commitment to develop strong network was showcase
over the years through conferences, events and activities. Bridging
relationship, entrepreneurial leadership and continuous business engagement
are strength of hers.

A proven track record since 2001 in driving a regional distribution house for
cyber-security and forensic. She has developed a distribution channel of 700
resellers and more than 10,000 enterprises across ASEAN. Today, she is looked
upon as pioneer in the industry for cutting edge technology development and
drawing the world best resources to where the needs are. A firm believer of
good business practices by means of building TRUST, INTEGRITY & ETHICs,
[wife’s name] is highly sort after for business collaborations and idea
manifestations.

(c) Third, the wife’s group of companies has three office locations: (1) its
headquarters in Singapore; (2) a secretariat also in Singapore; and (3) a
branch office in Bangkok, Thailand.

18 I accept the submissions made by the husband’s lawyers that the wife has
the means to provide maintenance for the children. She is a woman of means and
has income. In the absence of details on her exact income, I fix monthly
maintenance for the children payable by her at $2,500. In my view, this is a
reasonable amount of maintenance that she has the means to pay.

19 I now deal with the issue of whether the maintenance for the children
should be backdated to the date of the interim judgment (10 October 2011). In
_Lee Siew Choo v Ling Chin Thor_ [2014] SGHC 185, I held the following (at
[15]):

A backdated order for maintenance ensures that the parent in default pays for
the child’s needs right from the outset instead of from only the time
maintenance is sought. It is a practical and pragmatic tool that, if used
judiciously and as the circumstances warrant, can vindicate parental
responsibility for a child’s needs.

That case also enumerated other a list of considerations that a court should
have regard to, in deciding whether to grant an order for backdated
maintenance (at [16]).

20 In the present case, I am not prepared to backdate maintenance. I do not
accept the husband’s assertion that the wife did not provide for the children
even she moved out of the matrimonial home. The wife has provided receipts
showing the expenses she incurred in respect of the children in her affidavit
dated 1 December 2011. She cannot be said to have been derelict in her
parental responsibility to provide for the children.

21 I now deal with the division of matrimonial assets. I start with the
matrimonial home. The wife says that the property is now worth $2.15m. The
husband says that the property is worth $1.7m, but that same figure was given
in his 2011 affidavit of assets and means. It does not take into account the
increase in property value. There is a dispute over the financial
contributions made by the respective parties. The wife says that she
contributed $302,171.78 whereas the husband contributed $370,430. The husband
says that his financial contributions amount to $562,778 (the sum of his CPF
contribution amounting to $292,778, $180,000 down-payment and $90,000
renovation costs) and the wife’s is just $236,066. The parties have not
furnished sufficient documentary proof to substantiate their respective
claims. In any event, it is clear that the husband contributed more
financially towards the matrimonial home. The monies in the parties’ UOB joint
account is also part of the pool of matrimonial assets. The husband says that
there is just $79,893.27 as at 31 January 2012. The wife however, attributes a
value of $608,047. This is because she alleges that there was dissipation in
the monies on the husband’s part.

22 The other assets in the matrimonial pool are those in the parties’ own
names. I start with the assets in the husband’s names. They are:

(a) Aston Martin;

(b) Honda CRV;

(c) Shares in Company A;

(d) Shares in Company B;

(e) Monies in Standard Chartered Bank accounts (accounts A, B and C);

(f) Monies in OCBC current account;

(g) Insurance policy with Prudential Singapore;

(h) CPF monies; and

(i) National Service Resort club membership

The husband says that the value of his assets is $2,944,111.69 but the wife
says that his assets are worth $4,885,858.42. I do not accept the figure
provided by the husband as I am of the view that he has under-declared his
assets. He failed to declare $200,682.03 in Standard Chartered Bank account A.
He also under-declared the value of his shares in Company A. He says that they
are worth just $1,259,759. However, the wife’s accountant Mr Yin Kum Choy
points out that they are worth $2,713,469. The wife’s figure is not correct
either. This is because she has failed to take into account outstanding loans
on both the Aston Martin and Honda CRV. I determine the value of the husband’s
assets at $4,474,457.42. This is the sum total of the following:

(a) Aston Martin ($114,461 after deducting the outstanding loan of $385,539);

(b) Honda CRV ($33,958 after deducting the outstanding loan of $26,042);

(c) Shares in Company A ($2,713,469);

(d) Shares in Company B ($350,706);

(e) Monies in Standard Chartered Bank accounts (accounts A ($3,021.09), C
($200,682.03) and C ($537,938.85));

(f) Monies in OCBC current account ($30,571.23);

(g) Insurance policy with Prudential Singapore ($10,086.99);

(h) CPF monies ($475,383.23); and

(i) National Service Resort club membership ($4,000).

23 The assets in the wife’s sole name are:

(a) Shares in Company B;

(b) CPF monies;

(c) Monies in OCBC accounts (account D, E and F); and

(d) BMW car.

The wife says that the value of her assets is $764,833.85 but the husband says
that she has they are worth at least $857,855.85. The husband accuses the wife
of not being “less than forthcoming” in declaring her assets. In this regard,
his lawyers argue the following:

(a) First, wife is dishonest. This is because that the wife failed to disclose
the existence of her Siam Commercial Bank Public Company Limited Savings
Account until she was confronted by the husband with documentary evidence. The
husband’s lawyers argue that the wife could not be said to have forgotten
about that since she receives her monthly salary from Thailand in this bank
account. The husband’s lawyers say that there is still a significant balance
of $82,837.80 (after conversion into Singapore Dollars) in that account as of
November 2011;

(b) Second, the wife was evasive in her replies to the husband’s requests that
she account for the various large withdrawals and deposits from her bank
accounts, in particular, OCBC bank account no F. There were four withdrawals
from that OCBC bank account that remain unaccounted for: (1) a cashier’s order
for $18,000 on 3 April 2011; (2) another cashier’s order for $20,000 on 8 May
2011; (3) a purchase for $45,048.13 on 30 November 2010 and (4) another
purchase for $7,030 on 11 January 2011. With regard to (1) and (2), the
husband says that the wife conveniently forgets what the money is used for.
With regard to (3) and (4), the husband says that the wife merely repeated her
“frivolous claims” that the monies were used to pay her staff in Thailand;

(c) Third, the wife failed, neglected and/or refused to comply with the orders
for discovery in Summons No 11126 of 2014. These include:

(i) An order for the wife to furnish monthly statements for OCBC account E
from 1 January 2009 to 8 January 2011, 1 March 2011 to 10 August 2011 and
January 2012. The wife only provided the statements for three months (25 March
2011 to 20 May 2011);

(ii) An order for the wife to furnish monthly statements for OCBC account D
for the period 1 January 2009 to mid-September 2010, October 2010 and January
2012. The wife did not provide any statements for this period; and

(iii) An order that the wife produce bank statements for OCBC account F for
the period 1 January 2009 to 12 December 2009;

(d) Fourth, the wife did not disclose the fact that she held a job and was not
unemployed; and

(e) Fifth, the wife failed to disclose the cash value of her insurance
policies and her country club membership.

The husband’s lawyers urge me to draw an adverse inference against the wife,
by reducing the wife’s share of the known matrimonial assets by 5% to 10%.

24 The wife’s lawyers say that large sums of money were withdrawn from the UOB
joint account close to when the writ for divorce was filed (on 28 April 2011).
Counsel for the wife thus urged me to draw an adverse inference against the
husband. To illustrate, counsel for the wife point out the following:

(a) The joint account had $646,627 on 12 February 2010, but by end December
2011, there was just $189,087 left. In particular, the wife’s lawyers singled
out three withdrawals made during this period where large sums of $141,000,
$90,000 and $50,000 were withdrawn. There was no explanation by the husband as
to how the $141,000 was used. The explanations given for the $90,000 and
$50,000 withdrawals were not satisfactory either. The husband says that the
monies were used for the operating expenses of one of his two companies, and
has provided copies of that company’s ledger as proof. However, there is no
corresponding deposit for those amounts on the dates when these monies were
withdrawn. There were instead deposits for much lesser amounts of $39,603.96
and $7,118.15 on those dates; and

(b) $100,000 was withdrawn from that bank account on 27 January 2012 for
alleged renovations and household expenses. The wife says that there is “not a
shred of documentary evidence to support this”;

The wife does not state a specific figure in her counsel’s written submissions
on how much has been dissipated by the husband. I accept that that might not
be possible for her, and so have taken this factor into account.

25 It is not just the money in the joint account that has been dissipated. The
wife’s lawyers also say that the husband dissipated his earnings and
deliberately incurred a loss $183,000 by selling his Lamborghini in just less
than six months from purchasing it. In his affidavit dated 20 February 2011,
the husband state the following (at [18]):

I purchased a Lamborghini Gallardo on 31 March 2011 for the sum of
S$798,000.00 which I subsequently sold on 19 May 2011 for the price of
S$615,000.00. I incurred a loss of S$183,000.00.

26 Having regard to the evidence, I accept the arguments that there was
dissipation on the husband’s part. It may be speculative to say that the
husband’s loss of $183,000 is borne out of a desire to dissipate assets.
Nonetheless, I am satisfied that there is dissipation as the husband has
withdrawn large sums of monies from bank accounts with hardly any explanation
or proper documentation to substantiate the reason for withdrawing these
monies.

27 In my view, both husband and wife have failed to provide full and frank
disclosure of their respective assets. However, it seems pointless to draw an
adverse inference against both of them. An adverse inference drawn against one
party could be negated by one drawn against the other party, especially in a
situation such as this where it is difficult to determine if one party has
under-declared more than the other. It is difficult to make such a
determination because neither of the parties’ lawyers has submitted on the
amount under-declared.

28 I am of the view that an equal division in this case would be just and
equitable. The parties have been married for more than 20 years. Equality of
division is neither ideal nor the norm (_Lock Yeng Fun v Chua Hock Chye_
[2007] 3 SLR(R) 520 at [55]), but for long marriages such as this, the courts
tend to lean towards equality of division. That is because there is no formula
or means to determine the differential between the financial and non-financial
contribution of the parties with precision. An equal division is also probably
the closest the court can effect the parties’ declaration in their matrimonial
vow of treating themselves as one. Thus in the absence of a better formula,
the court will consider equality as justice. The Court of Appeal in _Koh Bee
Choo v Choo Chai Huah_ [2007] SGCA 21 approved the High Court order of equal
division where the homemaker wife of 22 years who brought up the couple’s
three sons. Similarly, the High Court in _MZ v NA_ [2006] SGHC 95 also refused
to interfere with the District Court order that the homemaker wife (of 20
years, and who brought up the couple’s two children) should get just as much
as the husband of their matrimonial assets.

29 I make no order for maintenance in this case. Maintenance of an ex-wife
supplements the division of matrimonial assets and is awarded only to even out
any financial inequities after division (_BG v BF_ [2007] 3 SLR(R) 233 at
[74]-[75]). In my view, the financial inequities are evened out in the
division of matrimonial assets. Furthermore, the wife is also able to
adequately provide for herself. As mentioned, she is a woman of means. She is
50 years old and can continue to work.

30 This is not an exceptional case in which maintenance for the wife is
denied. I provide three instances to illustrate. First, in _Chan Choy Ling v
Chua Che Teck_ [1994] SGHC 194, the wife – who was earning $5,900 a month –
sought spousal maintenance from her husband – who was earning $4,082 (and
imprisoned for a period). The judge held “justice would not have been done by
ordering any maintenance for the wife”. Second, _AAE v AAF_ [2009] 3 SLR(R)
827, the wife’s application for maintenance was rejected, in particular
because the High Court found she “deliberately misled” the District Judge in
her application for interim maintenance, by making herself out to be a
housewife with no income. On the contrary, the High Court found that she was
financially independent (at [22]-[24]). More recently, in _Anthony Guo Ninqun
v Chan Wing Sun_ [2014] SGHC 56, the High Court denied maintenance to the wife
(who claimed $6,500 a month) holding that “she [was] an able and enterprising
individual with good business acumen”, and would have been able to enjoy
economic independence to support her lifestyle (at [124]).

31 My orders are therefore as follows:

(a) The husband will have care and control over the children;

(b) No order as to access with liberty to apply;

(c) The wife is to pay $2,500 as monthly maintenance for the children;

(d) The husband is to purchase the wife’s share (50%) in the matrimonial home
at current market value, and with liberty to apply;

(e) The rest of the other assets are to be divided equally; and

(f) No maintenance for the wife.

32 I will hear the parties on (1) costs; (2) the mode of payment of the
backdated maintenance for children; and (3) the manner of dividing the
matrimonial assets if they are unable to agree.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 20 Jan 2015 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

