Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  _Re_ Sembawang Engineers and Constructors Pte Ltd  
[2015] SGHC 250

Case Number| :| Originating Summons No 859 of 2015  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 23 September 2015  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Aedit Abdullah JC  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Patrick Ang, Low Poh Ling and Chew Xiang (Rajah & Tann
Singapore LLP) for the applicant; Jonathan Tang (Wongpartnership LLP) for
creditor opposing application.  
Parties| :|  _Re_ Sembawang Engineers and Constructors Pte Ltd  
  
23 September 2015|  
---|---  
  
Aedit Abdullah JC [delivering the oral judgment]:

1 I made a number of brief oral remarks when conveying my decision on an
application under s 210(1) of the Companies Act (Cap 50, 2006 Rev Ed) (“the
Companies Act”) by Sembawang Engineers and Constructors Pte Ltd (“the
Company”) for it to be granted liberty to convene a meeting with its
creditors, within six months or such other extended period ordered by the
court, for the purpose of considering and, if thought fit, approving with or
without modification a scheme of arrangement proposed to be made between the
Company and its creditors (the “Proposed Scheme”). My remarks are set out
below.

2 While an application of this nature is normally heard _ex parte_ , a number
of creditors of the Company as well as its related entity, Punj Lloyd Pte
Limited, were present in court as this application was scheduled together with
other winding-up applications, and several of them had been informed of the
application. Three of the creditors had also presented applications to wind-up
the Company. These applications were scheduled for hearing before me on the
same day. Counsel for Rigel Technology (S) Pte Ltd (“Rigel”), one of the
creditors applying for the Company to be wound-up, opposed the Company’s s
210(1) application.

3 In written submissions, which were well prepared despite the lack of time,
Rigel argued that the Company’s Proposed Scheme was lacking in details and
that the Proposed Scheme was not likely to be approved by the court given its
lack of specificity. It also pointed out that some of the measures in the
Proposed Scheme were conditional upon Punj Lloyd Pte Ltd and Punj Lloyd Ltd
(the Company’s ultimate India incorporated holding company) carrying out
certain actions or securing relevant approvals which were matters that the
creditors of the Company had no control over. It was also argued that the
application should be refused as the Company was hopelessly insolvent: _Re
Pheon Pty Ltd_ (1986) 11 ACLR 142. It was suggested that insolvency was to be
measured in the commercial sense – _ie_ , the inability to meet current
demands: _Sri Hartamas Development Sdn Bhd v MBf Finance Bhd_ [1990] 2 MLJ 31.
It was argued that the company was hopelessly insolvent as there was a clear
shortfall to meet current demands. The winding-up applications against the
Company were also cited as reasons to refuse the application, as was also the
lack of any assurance that the Company could continue as a going concern.

4 In oral submissions, counsel for the Company responded that notwithstanding
the fact that the Proposed Scheme was not complete, it had given adequate
details concerning the same. As to the measures concerning the related
companies, it was argued that these were legitimately included since they will
ultimately benefit the Company. Further, counsel contended that the Company
was not hopelessly insolvent, although it may be so on a balance sheet test.
It was also pointed out that the Company had support from the rest of the
companies in the group it was part of.

5 Having considered these arguments, I decided to allow the Company’s
application under s 210(1) of the Companies Act, although with modification of
the time granted for convening the meeting with the Company’s creditors. I
ordered that such a meeting be called within four months as opposed to six
months, as suggested by the Company. I did not think that significant issues
were raised by the arguments based on firstly, lack of details concerning the
Proposed Scheme and secondly, the lack of control by the Company’s creditors
over measures conditional upon third party actions. The following remarks
primarily concern the issue of whether a company’s ‘hopeless’ insolvency
should be an automatic bar to allowing that company’s application under s
210(1) of the Companies Act:

(a) The objective of s 210 of the Companies Act is to permit companies in
financial difficulties to seek a way out by way of an agreement worked out
with their respective creditors. In assessing whether a meeting should be
held, the court will need to be mindful of various factors, which may point in
different directions. The company should generally be permitted to at least
have a discussion with its creditors and allow them to consider its proposed
scheme of arrangement. But it would be pointless to allow the company to
convene a meeting with its creditors to consider a proposal which, on its
face, is doomed to fail or be rejected by the creditors. It is in this context
that the court may look to see whether the company’s debts are so overwhelming
that any scheme of arrangement proposed by the company would have no chance of
garnering sufficient creditor support. With all due respect, I decline to
adopt the test of balance sheet or commercial insolvency as a determining
factor in an application under s 210(1) of the Companies Act. Many companies
may be insolvent and hopelessly insolvent by this measure, but schemes of
arrangement may be proposed, which depending on the facts, may yet be viable.
The Malaysian and Australian authorities take a different line, but I would
respectfully not follow those cases.

(b) It would be difficult for the court to make any searching assessment of
the commercial viability of a proposed scheme of arrangement at this stage as
it would not have all the information. However, the court should be careful to
ensure that the interests of creditors are not affected by the class groupings
and voting mechanisms that are proposed – although I note that this was not in
issue in this case. The court should also be mindful that the interests of
creditors are not unduly harmed by any undue delay or lapse of time before the
meeting is held. Beyond these factors though, s 210 of the Companies Act
envisages that the creditors should look after their own positions and express
these at the meeting, and vote accordingly.

(c) I note that the Company and Punj Lloyd Pte Ltd are involved in a great
many projects with many creditors. That would be a factor that would weigh in
favour of allowing a scheme of arrangement to be considered by the creditors.

6 Counsel for the Company, in my view rightfully, did not ask for costs.

7 I will hear the parties separately on another date on the Company’s
application for a restraint order under s 210(10) of the Companies Act. I
ordered an interim restraint order pending the hearing of that matter.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 23 Sep 2015 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

