Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the republic of singapore

[2015] SGHC 227

C3J/Originating Summons No 1 of 2015

Between

Singapore Medical Council

… Applicant

And

Kwan Kah Yee

… Respondent

grounds of decision

[Administrative Law] — [Disciplinary tribunals] — [Disciplinary proceedings]

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Singapore Medical Council

  
v

  

Kwan Kah Yee

[2015] SGHC 227

Court of Three Judges — Originating Summons No 1 of 2015  
Sundaresh Menon CJ, Chao Hick Tin JA, Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA  
6 July 2015

31 July 2015

Sundaresh Menon CJ delivering the grounds of decision of the court:

Introduction

1 This appeal was brought by the Singapore Medical Council (“the Applicant”)
against the sentence imposed on Dr Kwan Kah Yee (“the Respondent”) by the
Disciplinary Tribunal (“DT”) after the Respondent pleaded guilty to two
charges of wrongfully certifying the cause of death. In this judgment, the
charges will be referred to separately as the “First Charge” and “Second
Charge”, and collectively as the “Charges”. In relation to both Charges, it
was not only determined that the Respondent issued false death certifications,
but also that he misled the investigators in an attempt to cover up his
wrongdoing in the Second Charge. While the DT acknowledged the gravity of the
offences, it imposed a sentence on the Respondent that struck us as manifestly
inadequate. The DT decided that the Respondent should:

(a) have his registration as a medical practitioner suspended for a period of
three months on each charge, these to run concurrently;

(b) be censured;

(c) undertake in writing that he would henceforth not engage in the conduct
complained of or any similar conduct; and

(d) pay half of the costs and expenses of and incidental to the proceedings,
including the costs of the Applicant’s solicitors.

2 The DT’s grounds were also to be published with the necessary redactions
made to the patients’ details.

3 The Applicant considered that the individual sentences as well as the total
sentence were too lenient and accordingly appealed. At the conclusion of the
oral submissions, we allowed the appeal and gave brief reasons for doing so.
We now set out the detailed grounds for our decision.

Background

4 The Respondent is a medical practitioner, against whom two complaints were
made alleging professional misconduct under s 53(1)(d) of the Medical
Registration Act (Cap 174, 2014 Rev Ed) (“MRA 2010”) for erroneously
certifying the cause of death of two patients. The First Charge related to
Patient A, and the Second Charge related to Patient B. Before the Respondent
committed the acts that led to the Charges, he was already being investigated
for acts committed on 16 October 2009 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Record of Proceedings (“ROP”) vol 4 at Tab 3, p 19, para 1.

leading to a prior charge (“the Prior Charge”) being brought against him under
the former Medical Registration Act (Cap 174, 2004 Rev Ed) (“the MRA 2004”).
This is an important point to which we shall return.

5 The Disciplinary Committee (“DC”) held its inquiry into the Prior Charge on
5 and 6 April, 1 June, and 12 July 2011. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

ROP vol 4 at Tab 3, p 19.

At the end of its inquiry, the DC found that the Respondent’s bases for the
death certification were unsubstantiated, and that the Respondent ought to
have declined to issue the death certificate as he had insufficient
information. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

ROP vol 4 at Tab 3, pp 26–27, paras 35–36.

Additionally, he had gained access to confidential medical records through his
own contacts, an act in violation of the patient’s confidentiality and which
would in itself have warranted disciplinary proceedings. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

ROP vol 4 at Tab 3, p 27, para 37.

6 The Applicant raised a number of aggravating factors in relation to the
Prior Charge: 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

ROP vol 4 at Tab 3, pp 27–28, para 41.

(a) the hardship caused to the deceased’s family; (b) the Respondent’s lack of
remorse or regret; (c) the totally unjustified basis for stating that the
patient had allegedly been suffering from Ischaemic Heart Disease (“IHD”) for
six years; and (d) his misleading the DC. In mitigation, the DC considered and
accepted as a mitigating factor the Respondent’s offer to assist the family
with amending the death certificate. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

ROP vol 4 at Tab 3, p 28, para 42.

7 In the circumstances, the Respondent was sentenced some time in or after
July 2011 as follows in respect of the Prior Charge: 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

ROP vol 4 at Tab 3, p 28, para 43; Affidavit of Mohamed Faizal s/o Mohamed
Abdul Kadir (“Affidavit of Mohd Faizal”) at p 6, para 18.

(a) suspension of his registration as a medical practitioner for a period of
three months;

(b) a fine of $5,000; and

(c) a censure.

He was also ordered to give a written undertaking to the Applicant that he
would no longer engage in such conduct, and within 30 days, to provide
assistance to the patient’s family in respect of any necessary application to
the Registry of Births and Deaths to rectify the death certificate, and to pay
the costs and expenses of the proceedings. The DC further ordered that its
decision be published. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

ROP vol 4 at Tab 3, p 28, paras 43 & 45.

8 In the midst of the disciplinary proceedings relating to the Prior Charge,
the complaints leading to the Charges were made. This fact will become
relevant as it formed one of the bases for the sentence that was eventually
imposed by the DT. We now turn to the facts relating to the two Charges which
were at the crux of the present appeal.

The First Charge

9 Patient A passed away on 29 March 2010. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

ROP vol 5 at Tab 1, p 19.

He was 26 years old. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

ROP vol 5 at Tab 1, p 19.

His death was certified by the Respondent, who stated in the death certificate
that the cause of death was bronchiectasis for three days with chronic
obstructive airway disease (“COAD”) for a period of three months as an
antecedent cause. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

ROP vol 5 at Tab 1, p 19.

By a letter dated 18 November 2010, the Ministry of Health, acting on
feedback, wrote to the Applicant stating that the Respondent had referred to
an alleged chest X-ray from the Singapore Anti-Tuberculosis Association
(“SATA”) dated 13 December 2009 which showed “radiological evidences of
[Patient A’s] chronic obstructive airway disease” as the basis for his
certification. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

ROP vol 5 at Tab 1, p 4.

The Ministry further informed the Applicant that based on expert advice it had
sought, there was no trace of Patient A having had COAD or bronchiectasis. The
Respondent was therefore referred to the Applicant for investigation. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

ROP vol 5 at Tab 1, p 4.

10 Investigations revealed that indeed there was no such X-ray and further
that 13 December 2009 was a Sunday, a day on which SATA was not open. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

ROP vol 5 at Tab 1, p 13.

11 The Respondent was given until 12 October 2011 to explain his certification
of Patient A’s death. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

ROP vol 5 at Tab 1, p 6, para 3.

On 4 October 2011, he admitted his wrongdoing and pleaded for leniency. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

ROP vol 5 at Tab 1, p 10.

On 1 August 2013, the Health Sciences Authority (“HSA”) issued a letter at the
request of the Applicant’s lawyers, opining as follows: 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

ROP vol 5 at Tab 1, pp 24–25.

… Dr Kwan Kah Yee had more than erroneously certified the above decedent’s
cause of death. There was an attempt to deceive and undermine the whole
process of death certification because:

a) Dr Kwan did not show evidence that the decedent was his patient before his
death.

b) There were no records of the decedent’s patient records and X-ray films
from SATA, contrary to what was alleged by Dr Kwan.

c) Under the circumstances, this decedent’s death should have been reported to
the State Coroner and an autopsy conducted to determine the exact cause of
death.

5 The medical practitioner is duty bound to create a medical record when he
sees a patient for the first time and to maintain it for some years. It is the
duty and a requirement of the attending doctor to maintain the clinical notes
of his patients. This includes the diagnoses and management of his patient.

6 The medical record is both a medical and a legal document. Recording and
communicating information pertinent to the patient’s condition is important
for patient care, but in the event of a bad outcome, it is equally important
legally as evidence of the care received. A thorough and accurate medical
record is evidence that the doctor provided appropriate care and can be strong
evidence that the physician complied with the standard of care.

7 A doctor would be guilty of making a false statement if he states expressly
that a doctor-patient relationship existed between him and the deceased when
none existed, or if he represented himself as being the medical practitioner
who attended to the deceased during the deceased’s last illness when in fact
he did not do so.

[emphasis added]

12 The Respondent was charged with the wrongful certification of Patient A’s
death on 14 October 2014. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

ROP vol 5 at Tab 1, pp 27–29.

The HSA letter was admitted into the Agreed Bundle for the purposes of the
First Charge.

The Second Charge

13 Patient B passed away on 29 March 2011. She was 32 years old. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

ROP vol 5 at Tab 2, p 43.

The Respondent certified her cause of death as IHD. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

ROP vol 5 at Tab 2, p 43.

According to Patient B’s sister (“C”), who wrote a letter of complaint to the
Applicant, the Respondent had certified Patient B’s cause of death as IHD
based on nothing but a complaint of chest pain that Patient B had made to a
general practitioner or a doctor at a nearby polyclinic. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

ROP vol 5 at Tab 2, p 40.

She said that due to the Respondent’s actions, her family was unable to have
an autopsy done and would therefore never know Patient B’s true cause of
death. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

ROP vol 5 at Tab 2, pp 40.

C’s letter also stated that when she called the Respondent and asked for an
explanation, the Respondent informed her that even 17-year-old girls have died
from heart disease. When she pressed further and enquired whether that had any
bearing on how her sister’s cause of death was established, the Respondent
defended himself by rattling off a string of qualifications which, she said,
was useless to her especially in the light of the grief that he had caused to
her and her family. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

ROP vol 5 at Tab 2, p 41.

14 Following C’s complaint, the Applicant served the Respondent with a notice
of complaint on 28 November 2011. The Respondent was asked to explain: (a) the
allegations put forth by C; (b) whether he had been involved in caring for
Patient B before her death and if not, where he obtained her medical history
before diagnosing her cause of death; (c) whether he examined the deceased and
ruled out foul play before certifying her death; and (d) what he had
communicated to C in their phone conversation as mentioned at [13] above. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

ROP vol 5 at Tab 2, pp 45–46.

15 The Respondent replied on 11 December 2011, stating that: 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

ROP vol 5 at Tab 2, pp 49–50.

(a) C was neither Patient B’s sister nor present with her at her death, and
she had a record of making false accusations and misrepresentations of fact
against various members of the community;

(b) Patient B’s family members were all satisfied with his services;

(c) an investigation team of police and forensic officers was present at the
scene of Patient B’s death and accepted the death certificate as satisfactory;

(d) based on medical records obtained from various polyclinics and general
practitioners (her medical records showed that she was previously admitted to
KK Women’s and Children’s Hospital (“KK Hospital”)), Patient B had been
treated for IHD for many years, and the approximate interval between the onset
of the disease and her death was three years and ten months., This conclusion
was based on “clinical history, physical examination and investigations
including the result of abnormal ECGs and abnormal blood tests on several
occasions”;

(e) his diagnosis was consistent with the victim’s medical history; and

(f) in the light of the natural cause of death, he did not consider it
necessary to report the case to the Coroner.

16 The Respondent also attached what purported to be a letter from Patient B’s
husband (“D”), in which it was stated that C: (a) was not Patient B’s sister;
(b) did not stay with Patient B; (c) did not know her medical conditions; and
(d) was not with her at the time of her death. In the letter, D appears to
have asked for the investigations against the Respondent to be stopped, and
stated that Patient B had been treated for IHD since May 2007. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

ROP vol 5 at Tab 2, p 51.

Despite the request purportedly made by D, the Applicant continued with its
investigations and made inquiries with the following medical institutions
which Patient B had apparently consulted previously: (a) KK Hospital; (b) Choa
Chu Kang Polyclinic; and (c) Changi General Hospital (“CGH”). 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

ROP vol 5 at Tab 2, p 82.

The following emerged, contrary to the Respondent’s earlier contentions:

(a) On 19 June 2013, Choa Chu Kang Polyclinic confirmed that it did not have
any medical records of Patient B having attended the clinic. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

ROP vol 5 at Tab 2, p 78.

(b) On 28 June 2013, KK Hospital confirmed that Patient B never consulted or
sought treatment from them for IHD. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

ROP vol 5 at Tab 2, p 80.

(c) On 29 July 2013, CGH said that its records which had been transmitted to
KK Hospital did not show that Patient B had IHD. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

ROP vol 5 at Tab 2, pp 80–106.

17 Consistent with this, on 30 March 2012, the Respondent had confirmed that
he did not in fact have any medical reports of Patient B from any polyclinic
or general practitioner or from KK Hospital. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

ROP vol 5 at Tab 2, p 55.

18 At the request of the Applicant’s lawyers, the HSA reported on 1 August
2013 that: 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

ROP vol 5 at Tab 2, pp 111–112.

… Dr Kwan, in a letter to Vicent Cheong of the SMC dated 11 December 2011 [at]
Para 4 [stated] that “the earliest time when symptoms of [IHD] was traced back
to May 2007 when the patient complained of chest pain of seven days,
consistent with Angina Pectoris. Subsequent medical examination and
investigation confirmed the diagnosis.”

4 There were no case notes (inclusive of ECGs or laboratory results) or
medical reports to substantiate that [Patient B] was a patient of Polyclinics,
various GPs and Medical specialists, and indeed, of her diagnoses of [IHD] by
the doctors. In 2001, she was discharged from CGH for further treatment at
KKH. However, the discharge summary from CGH and her medical records do not
show that the patient, [Patient B] was suffering from [IHD].

5 It is my opinion that Dr Kwan Kah Yee had more than erroneously certified
the above decedent’s cause of death. There was an attempt to deceive and
undermine the whole process of death certification because:

a) Dr Kwan did not show evidence that the decedent was his patient before her
death. Though he did say that [C] was his patient (Paragraph 1 of his
statement dated 11 December 2011), he did not submit documentary proof of a
doctor-patient relationship. In this matter of a doctor-patient relationship,
the husband of the deceased has stated that he was satisfied with the
“professional service of Dr Kwan Kah Yee” in the Notice of Complaint letter of
10th December 2011, implying that there was a doctor-patient relationship.

b) Nor did Dr Kwan give any documentary evidence that decedent was a patient
of Polyclinics, various GPs and Medical Specialists. ...

6 The medical record is both a medical and a legal document. Recording and
communicating information pertinent to the patient’s condition is important
for patient care, but in the event of a bad outcome, it is equally important
legally as evidence of the care received. A thorough and accurate medical
record is evidence that the doctor provided appropriate care and can be strong
evidence that the physician complied with the standard of care.

7 It is the duty and a requirement of the attending doctor to maintain the
clinical notes of his patients. This includes the diagnoses and management of
his patient.

[emphasis in original in bold; emphasis added in italics]

19 The Respondent was charged with the wrongful certification of Patient B’s
death on 14 October 2014. 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

ROP vol 5 at Tab 2, pp 115–117.

The HSA letter was admitted into the Agreed Bundle for the purposes of the
Second Charge.

The decision below

20 The Respondent pleaded guilty to the Charges on 31 October 2014. 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

ROP vol 4 at Tab 5, p 37; ROP vol 2 at Tab 2, p 29, para 20; ROP vol 3 at Tab
1, p 7, line 99 and p 8, line 137.

The DT then had to deal with the sentence to be imposed and it concluded that:

(a) the Respondent was strictly speaking not a repeat offender as the subject
matter of the Charges were acts that had been committed before he was
sentenced for the Prior Charge; 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

ROP vol 2 at Tab 2, p 30, para 25(a).

(b) the Respondent had, despite knowing about the potential consequences,
continued with his wrongful actions even though he had received notice of the
Prior Charge on 2 February 2010 informing him that he was facing a complaint
for an instance of erroneous death certification. As the acts involved
dishonesty and false documents, a suspension was warranted; 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

ROP vol 2 at Tab 2, p 30, para 25(b).

(c) the Respondent had claimed trial to the Prior Charge but elected to plead
guilty to the Charges. On the basis of parity, the sentence should not be more
severe than had been imposed for the Prior Charge, which was a suspension for
a period of three months with a $5,000 fine; and since he had elected to plead
guilty at the earliest instance, a monetary penalty was not considered
necessary; 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

ROP vol 2 at Tab 2, p 31, para 25(c).

(d) had proper steps been taken, the proceedings for the Prior Charge could
have been consolidated with the First Charge, and since unfairness was caused
to the Respondent by him having to stand “trial” twice, the suspension
sentences were to run concurrently; 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

ROP vol 2 at Tab 2, p 31, para 25(d).

(e) the Respondent had complied with his 1 August 2011 undertaking given upon
his conviction for the Prior Charge that he would not engage in the conduct
complained of or any similar conduct, and credit should be given for that; 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

ROP vol 2 at Tab 2, p 32, para 25(e).

and

(f) since the First Charge should have been dealt with together with the Prior
Charge, the Respondent should not pay any of the Applicant’s costs in relation
to the First Charge. 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

ROP vol 2 at Tab 2, p 32, para 25(f).

21 On the basis of credit being given for the Respondent’s cooperation with
the authorities and his early plea of guilt to the Charges, the DT determined
that the Respondent should be: 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

ROP vol 2 at Tab 2, p 32, para 27.

(a) suspended for three months on each charge with the sentences to run
concurrently;

(b) censured;

(c) made to furnish a written undertaking to the Applicant that he would not
engage in the conduct complained of or any similar conduct; and

(d) made to pay half the costs and expenses of the proceedings, including the
costs of the Applicant’s solicitors.

22 The publication of the grounds of decision with the necessary redaction was
also ordered. 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

ROP vol 2 at Tab 2, p 32, para 28.

The parties’ contentions on appeal

23 The Applicant believed that the sentence was far too lenient and appealed.
The Applicant sought a sentence of 12 months for each offence, these to be
served consecutively, and for an order of costs that was not limited to half
the costs as had been ordered by the DT. First, the Applicant submitted that
the court should depart from the sentencing precedents relating to wrongful
certification of death. The Applicant had not been able to take this point in
past cases because it had no right of appeal in respect of proceedings brought
under the MRA 2004, even if it was of the view that some of the sentences
imposed in the past had been manifestly inadequate. Furthermore, the DT’s
powers of sentencing had been enhanced following the 2010 amendments to the
MRA 2004.

24 Second, it submitted that a significantly heavier sentence was called for
in this case because of the Respondent’s dishonesty. The three-month
suspension for each charge was manifestly inadequate because:

(a) the DT had failed to give sufficient weight to the fact that the Charges
related to improper death certifications and involved fraud, dishonesty and
the falsification of documents; 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

Affidavit of Mohd Faizal at p 14, para 42(a).

(b) the DT had failed to give sufficient weight to the fact that there were
very severe consequences for a wrongful certification of death, including the
perversion of justice; 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

Affidavit of Mohd Faizal at p 14, para 42(b).

and

(c) the DT had placed undue weight on the sentence imposed on the Respondent
for the Prior Charge. 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

Affidavit of Mohd Faizal at p 15, para 42(c).

25 Third, while the Applicant acknowledged that the Respondent had not yet
been sentenced for the Prior Charge at the time he committed the most recent
acts of misconduct, he was undoubtedly already aware then that he was being
investigated. Yet he had brazenly proceeded to commit the offences, and this
should be an aggravating factor.

26 Finally, the DT erred in law in finding that the subject matter of the
Prior Charge could have been consolidated with the hearing for the First
Charge if proper steps had been taken by the Applicant. 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

Affidavit of Mohd Faizal at p 12, para 33.

Section 41(6) of the Medical Registration (Amendment) Act 2010 (No 1 of 2010)
(“the Amendment Act”) read with s 41(3) of the same meant that Part VII of the
MRA 2010 did not apply to the Prior Charge. The Prior Charge was to be dealt
with under the MRA 2004, and given that the MRA 2004 and the MRA 2010 were
different regimes, it was not possible for the Prior Charge proceedings to be
consolidated with the First Charge proceedings. 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

Affidavit of Mohd Faizal at p 12, para 38.

Flowing from the DT’s error, the sentences for the Charges should have been
ordered to run consecutively, and the Respondent should be made to pay the
full costs and expenses of and incidental to the disciplinary proceedings. 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

Affidavit of Mohd Faizal at p 14, para 40.

27 The Respondent appeared in person and did not tender any written
submissions to state his position. Before us, however, he denied being
dishonest and said as follows:

(a) He was a hospice doctor untrained in certifying deaths, and only certified
deaths on the request of his patients. As these patients would by definition
already be dead, we assumed he meant at the request of the next-of-kin.

(b) With respect to Patient A, he claimed that he had seen the SATA X-ray, and
the only reason it had not later been produced was because SATA had different
departments and the Applicant had approached the wrong department in
requesting the relevant information. He did not explain why he himself had not
obtained the X-ray.

(c) With respect to Patient B, his certification had not been made without
basis. KK Hospital had not released her full medical records to the court and
these allegedly contained evidence as to her cause of death. Second, he said
that she was his patient because her husband was his patient. He claimed that
any family member of a person he treated would also be his patient. No basis
was put forward for this curious proposition. Third, he said that he had
certified her death at the request of her husband even though he had never
examined Patient B before and saw her medical records only after he had
certified her death.

Virtually none of these grounds had been advanced by him before the DT; 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

ROP vol 4 at pp 37–45.

only the second ground (at [27(b)] above) was orally referred to in a
tangential way at the hearing below, though even then he agreed that he was
guilty. 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

ROP vol 3 at pp 40–41, lines 901–920.

Our impression was that his position before us seemed to contradict what he
had said before the DT.

Our decision

28 We had no hesitation in allowing the appeal. In a nutshell, the issue
before us was whether the sentences imposed by the DT were manifestly
inadequate, and they undoubtedly were. In our judgment, the imposition of a
three-month suspension was a manifestly inadequate sentence considering both
the nature of the harm as well as the Respondent’s dishonest and evasive
conduct. We now elaborate on the reasons, and also address certain key legal
aspects in which the DT erred.

The analogy to improperly certifying medical certificates

29 We begin by observing that the sentence for the Prior Charge was
indefensibly light. In any case, we consider it appropriate to re-visit the
benchmark sentence where death certificates are improperly certified. Indeed,
this was the sort of situation for which the legislative changes were effected
in the MRA 2010, and as a result of which the Applicant is now able to bring
appeals against sentences imposed by the DT which it considers unduly lenient.
In Singapore Parliamentary Debates, Official Report (11 January 2010) vol 86
(“the 11 January 2010 Debate”) at cols 1898–1899, the then Minister for
Health, Khaw Boon Wan, said:

The new section 55 sets out the framework for the SMC or an aggrieved
complainant to appeal to the High Court against the Disciplinary Tribunal’s
decisions. Currently, only the defendant doctor is allowed to appeal to the
High Court on the decision of the Disciplinary Committee. This is not
necessarily fair to the public or the complainant. This section allows the SMC
to appeal when the Council is not in agreement with its independent Tribunal’s
orders. …

30 Pursuant to the legislative changes, the court’s role is to correct the
DT’s decisions where appropriate. This may require us from time to time to
recalibrate the sort of sentence that should be considered for certain types
of misconduct. The observations of Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA in Lee Kim Kwong
v Singapore Medical Council [2014] 4 SLR 113 (“Lee Kim Kwong”) at [45]–[47]
are apposite and bear reproducing at some length:

… [W]e would emphasise that fidelity to precedent ought not to lead to
ossification of the law. For circumstances change: the way medicine is
practised now may be different in many respects from the way it was practised,
say, a decade ago, and it may well be rather different from the way it will be
practised a decade from today. A corollary of this is that, given two similar
cases separated in time by a substantial number of years, the sentence that
was appropriate in the earlier case may not necessarily be appropriate in the
later.

46 All we would say is that it is open to the Respondent in future cases to
persuade the DC or this court that relevant sentencing precedents are no
longer a helpful guide to the appropriate sanction that ought to be imposed
because prevailing circumstances are materially different from those at the
time when those precedents were decided. For example, from a cursory
examination of the published grounds of decision of DC cases available on the
Respondent’s website, we note that it is very rare for periods of suspension
to exceed six months. There are two cases in which three years’ suspension was
imposed, one involving gross overcharging of a patient and the other involving
a sexual relationship lasting more than a decade between a medical
professional and a patient who had psychiatric problems, but it would seem
that these are exceptional.

47 Indeed, the Respondent itself, in its written submissions, referred at
least twice to the fact that the precedent concerned was dated, observing that
the case of Dr S (discussed above at [31]) “took place almost 15 years ago and
would not [be] reflective of the needs of the profession and the public
today”, as well as observing that as two other cases “are very old precedents
from almost 20 years ago, the DC is entitled to take the view that the
benchmark should be moved in light of the prevailing circumstances today”. But
it is not enough to state that sentencing precedents should not be followed
simply because they are from another era; some more concrete difference
between the circumstances then and the circumstances now that calls for
correspondingly different approaches or benchmarks should be demonstrated.
Should the Respondent on some future occasion take the view that the
sentencing tariffs have up to that point in time been set too low, whether
generally or in respect of a particular type of case, this is something it
should bear in mind when it makes the argument before the relevant
adjudicatory body.

[emphasis added]

31 The English experience has been similar; historically, decisions by the
Fitness to Practise Panel (“FPP”) and their predecessors were final subject
only to limited rights of appeal by the doctor. Concerns were expressed about
this limitation, and the Council for the Regulation of Health Professions
(subsequently renamed the Council for Health Regulatory Excellence) was
created in 2002. One of its functions was to appeal against decisions of the
General Medical Council which it considered were unduly lenient. The courts
would approach such appeals by considering whether the sentences imposed fall
outside the reasonable range of sanctions available to the sentencing court in
the circumstances: Mark Davies, Medical Self-Regulation: Crisis and Change
(Ashgate, 2007) at p 327. In Council for the Regulation of Health Care
Professionals v General Medical Council and another [2004] 1 WLR 2432, Leveson
J observed at [14]:

Miss Morris argued that there is a clear distinction between the criminal and
disciplinary jurisdictions because criminal sentencing is concerned with
punishment and disciplinary sanction with protection of the public. As I have
just accepted, I agree that there is a very real difference between the two,
but that difference is not to the point in relation to the proper construction
of this provision. The context in which undue lenience must be considered may
be different for criminal cases (concerned with retribution, deterrence and
rehabilitation) and disciplinary cases (concerned with the protection of the
public and the reputation of the profession) but the relevant question remains
the same, namely, whether, having regard to the purposes of the particular
sanction being imposed (whether criminal or disciplinary), this particular
sanction is outside the range of sanctions which the sentencing tribunal,
applying its mind to all the factors relevant to its jurisdiction, could
reasonably consider appropriate. [emphasis added]

32 In its submissions, the Applicant pointed us to the disparity in sentencing
between doctors who were found guilty of improperly certifying deaths, and
those found guilty of improperly issuing medical certificates. To begin with,
we do not think the two are even analogous. Medical certificates are generally
issued to and used by patients to justify their taking medical leave from
work, or for them to be excused from certain responsibilities. While the
issuance of a false medical certificate is a serious matter, the fact remains
that in general, the only direct harm that will result from this is a loss of
money or productivity. Far more severe consequences can result from improper
death certifications as will be seen at [52]–[53] below. We therefore
considered that the analogy between improperly issuing medical certificates
and improperly issuing death certificates is an inappropriate one for purposes
of sentencing.

33 We noted that doctors found to have improperly granted a medical
certificate had been suspended for up to 12 months, especially in instances
where the doctor concerned had attempted to cover up his or her actions. In
that light, the sentences imposed for improper death certifications appeared
grossly and disproportionately light. The Applicant tendered the following
precedents relating to improper death certifications before us:

(a) Dr X was charged with improperly certifying three causes of death. He
pleaded guilty and cooperated fully with the authorities. The police excluded
any foul play. Dr X also stopped providing death certifications in ad-hoc
cases. He was censured, fined $3,000, and ordered to pay the Applicant’s legal
costs and expenses. 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

ROP vol 4 at Tab 2, p 16.

(b) Dr Y was charged with improperly certifying several counts of death (there
were three charges of professional misconduct and three charges of associating
with a person not qualified to provide medical care or generally accepted
support services) and claimed trial to all of them. He was found guilty on
three charges, and was censured and ordered to pay the Applicant’s legal costs
and expenses. 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

ROP vol 4 at Tab 2, p 16.

(c) The third case concerned the Prior Charge and has been summarised at
[4]–[8] above.

34 The precedents revealed that the sentences meted out for improper death
certification have thus far been exceedingly and inexplicably lenient
considering the extensive negative consequences that may flow from an
improperly certified death. While the facts in the cases of Dr X and Dr Y were
not before us, the facts on which the Respondent was sentenced for the Prior
Charge were, and we observed that the sentence imposed by the DC there was
unduly lenient. The Respondent had in the Prior Charge falsely certified the
death of the patient, who had passed away on 16 October 2009. 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

ROP vol 4 at Tab 3, p 21, para 20(c).

It was only when the patient’s family dealt with an insurance claim that they
realised that the Respondent had certified the patient as having IHD for the
last six years, which was untrue as far as they had been aware. 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

ROP vol 4 at Tab 3, p 19, para 2.

When the family confronted the Respondent, he was reportedly unhelpful. And
when the Respondent was charged, he contested it. 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

ROP vol 4 at Tab 3, p 20, para 5.

35 First, the DC found that: (a) there was no evidence that the cause of death
was congestive cardiac failure as the patient had not been diagnosed with IHD;
(b) there was no medical record that could support the Respondent’s
certification of congestive cardiac failure and IHD; and (c) expert evidence
was to the effect that the available medical records could not support the
Respondent’s reasons for the certification of death. 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

ROP vol 4 at Tab 3, p 21, para 22(b).

All that could be derived from the patient’s medical records was that she was
suffering from hypertension, and the DC concluded that the Respondent had no
basis to arrive at his conclusion of congestive cardiac failure as the cause
of death. Additionally, the evidence was clear that congestive cardiac failure
could only be a mode of death, not a cause of death. 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

ROP vol 4 at Tab 3, p 23, para 26.

36 Second, the DC found that there was no factual basis for the Respondent’s
conclusion that the patient had IHD for six years prior to her death. He said
that he had received a call from a “reliable source” who informed him that the
patient had developed IHD six years prior to her demise. This evidence was
found to be weak, not credible, and false. 58

##### Foot Note 58

×

ROP vol 4 at Tab 3, p 23, para 30.

Therefore, the DC concluded that the charge was proved against the Respondent
and his defence was found to be unsubstantiated. 59

##### Foot Note 59

×

ROP vol 4 at Tab 3, p 26, para 35.

The aggravating and mitigating circumstances and the eventual sentence imposed
have been discussed at [6]–[7] above.

37 In our judgment, the sentence meted out by the DC was unduly lenient in the
circumstances. He had claimed trial and sought to justify his actions during
the proceedings despite the evidence against him plainly demonstrating his
lack of remorse or regret. Moreover, the DC had found that the Respondent had
misled them in the conduct of his defence, 60

##### Foot Note 60

×

ROP vol 4 at Tab 3, p 27, para 41(d).

and had caused hardship to the family of the deceased. 61

##### Foot Note 61

×

ROP vol 4 at Tab 3, p 28, para 41.

38 We turn now to the position in England, where heavier penalties for
improper death certifications than what has traditionally been meted out by
DTs in Singapore have consistently been imposed. In Joanna Glynn and David
Gomez, The Regulation of Healthcare Professionals: Law, Principle and Process
(Sweet & Maxwell, 2012) the authors note at paras 29–014–29–015:

Sir Donald Irvine, President of the GMC from 1995 to 2002, has expressed the
view that the starting point for the GMC’s consideration of cases involving
dishonesty must be that dishonesty amounts to a dereliction of a basic duty
and constitutes serious professional misconduct; in the absence of remarkably
good reasons in mitigation, it should lead to the erasure of the doctor’s name
from the medical register.

…

Not every case of dishonesty will result in expulsion from the profession. In
accordance with basic principles, expulsion may not arise where such a
direction would be unduly harsh and disproportionate and not in the public
interest.

[emphasis added]

39 Similarly, General Medical Council, “Good Medical Practice” (25 March 2013)
_0914.pdf_51527435.pdf> (accessed 31 July 2015) at paras 65–67 speaks of
honesty and integrity as an indispensible characteristic of a doctor. General
Medical Council, “Sanctions Guidance” (April 2009)
org/Sanctions_Guidance_28443340.pdf> (accessed 31 July 2015) at para 82
states:

Erasure may well be appropriate when the behaviour involves any of the
following factors (this list is not exhaustive):

a particularly serious departure from the principles set out in Good medical
practice i.e. behaviour fundamentally incompatible with being a doctor

b a reckless disregard for the principles set out in Good medical practice
and/or patient safety.

…

h dishonesty, especially where persistent and/or covered up …

[emphasis in original in bold]

40 We pause here to observe first that the sentencing powers of the FPP in
England and the DT in Singapore are not the same. Under s 35D(2)(b) of the
Medical Act 1983 (c 54) (UK) (“the Medical Act”), the FPP is empowered to
suspend the doctor’s registration for a period not exceeding 12 months at any
one time, although under s 35D(5)(a), it also has the power, if appropriate,
to extend the period of suspension from the time when it would otherwise
expire. Under s 41A(1)(a) of the Medical Act, the Interim Orders Panel (“IOP”)
is authorised to suspend a doctor for up to 18 months in the interim if it is
satisfied that it is necessary for the protection of the public or it is
otherwise in the public interest to do so. In comparison, the DT’s sentencing
jurisdiction is found in s 53(2)(b) of the MRA 2010, where it can suspend the
doctor’s registration for not less than three months and not more than three
years. These differences are relevant to our discussion on sentencing
considerations at [46]–[60] below, and we took this into account when we
considered the length of suspension that should be imposed on the Respondent.
But conscious of the relevant differences, we turn first to three English
cases which dealt with falsely certified deaths.

41 The first case is Jasinarachchi v General Medical Council [2014] EWHC 3570
(Admin) (“Jasinarachchi”), where a trainee doctor, because of his desire to
catch a flight, had falsely declared that he had seen the patient’s body and
conducted an external examination on her. He completed the cremation
certificate and also lied to the Funeral Directors that he had seen the
patient’s body after her death. He then flew off to Australia for two weeks.
It subsequently became apparent that the doctor had not attended to the
patient at all. The cremation certificate could not be used, and as a result,
the patient’s planned cremation was delayed. A family member had to identify
the body, and a post mortem was performed on the patient (at [15]). The doctor
was punished with a six-month suspension. In meting out this punishment, the
FPP noted that the dishonesty in this instance was not premeditated and was in
fact an uncharacteristic reaction to his circumstances. It was said to be a
“single episode in an otherwise unblemished career” (at [18]). The FPP also
considered the following mitigating factors: (a) the absence of any repetition
of his misconduct; (b) his developing maturity as a doctor; (c) the lack of
financial gain behind his actions; and (d) his apology made to the patient’s
family which they accepted. It was in such circumstances that the FPP
considered a suspension to be sufficient to warn the wider profession that
such dishonest behaviour was unacceptable, and fell short of the standards
expected of a doctor (at [23]).

42 The second case is the decision of the FPP of the Medical Practitioners
Tribunal Service in the case of Dr Amit Pramanik (16 May 2013) (“Amit”), where
the doctor was charged with five counts of making false statements that he had
examined deceased patients’ bodies. The acts of dishonesty were not isolated
and greatly undermined the fundamental tenets of the profession as his
misconduct consisted of “a significant number of individual acts, committed
over a number of months.” It was held at p 9 that:

The Panel noted that you have been convicted of [falsely certifying a death
certificate] and that your misconduct consisted of a significant number of
individual acts, committed over a number of months. You undermined an
important system of death certification and cremation and abused the trust of
the medical referee. [emphasis added]

43 Despite the gravity of his actions, the doctor in Amit was eventually given
a six-month suspension after the FPP took into account the mitigating factors
in his favour. These included his admission of wrongdoing immediately after
being questioned about his misconduct, his issuance of an apology letter and
acts of remorse, the high quality of his reflective notes with respect to his
Continuous Professional Development, and the positive testimonies about his
clinical skills and good character.

44 The third case is Martin Sandler v General Medical Council [2010] EWHC 1029
(Admin) (“Sandler”), where the doctor received an interim 18-month suspension
from the IOP pending his hearing before the FPP (at [1]). He sought to
terminate the suspension order so that he could work. The IOP held that as the
doctor had apparently wilfully signed false certificates on at least 116
occasions, the reputation of the profession could be adversely affected if he
were allowed to continue practising (at [10]). His application to lift the
interim suspension order was denied. Nicol J considered that the reputation of
the medical profession would be adversely affected if his suspension was
lifted and thus declined to lift his interim suspension (at [23]).

45 The three English decisions show that dishonesty is taken seriously by the
English medical profession. The doctors in Jasinarachchi and Amit were given
suspensions only because in the former case, it appeared to be an isolated
incident motivated by the doctor’s personal convenience and in the latter
because it was mitigated by the general high regard for the doctor within the
medical practice, and his clear remorse for his actions. The strong attitude
against dishonesty is better exemplified in Sandler, where Nicol J declined to
terminate the doctor’s interim suspension order in the interests of upholding
the reputation of the medical profession.

46 We bore in mind that the English decisions were decided in the context of
the English framework, where the maximum term of suspension that could be
imposed on errant doctors is 12 months, whereas our sentencing framework
empowers the DT as well as the court to suspend an errant doctor for up to
three years. Even then, and despite the presence of mitigating factors, the
sentences imposed in England have been consistently higher than they have been
here. In our judgment, it would be appropriate to use the full range of the
sentencing powers to ensure that these are commensurate with the gravity of
the offence, and there is no reason to shy away from exercising this power
where necessary. Indeed, the 2010 legislative changes envisage this and they
were crafted to achieve this end. The 11 January 2010 Debate at cols 1899–1901
reads:

Second, we propose to expand the range of orders for SMC, its Complaints
Committees, Disciplinary Tribunals and Health Committees so as to grant them
more powers to be able to deal more effectively and appropriately with errant
doctors.

…

Under the current Medical Registration Act, the Disciplinary Committee can
impose a financial penalty not exceeding $10,000 on a medical practitioner who
is convicted. The next level of penalty is a suspension of between three
months and three years. There is, therefore, a significant gap in the range of
penalties in the current Act.

The new section 53 will allow the Tribunal to impose a fine of up to $100,000,
thereby enabling the Tribunal to mete out a penalty that is appropriate to the
severity of the case. This section will also allow the Disciplinary Tribunal
to impose other orders … The SMC … can thus impose appropriate conditions or
restrictions on the practitioner. … All this enhances the powers of the
Tribunal by expanding the array of possible orders.

47 Hence, while the English cases can be a guide, sentencing in our context
must be developed with due reference to the applicable framework here. Aside
from this, however, we note that the same attitude abhorring dishonest
practice may be found in Singapore. The Applicant’s Ethical Code and Ethical
Guidelines (“the Code”), which are to be used by doctors as a “yardstick for
their own conduct and behaviour” (see part 3 of the Code), states that a
doctor is expected to “[m]aintain the highest standards of moral integrity and
intellectual honesty” and “[t]reat patients with honesty, dignity, respect and
consideration”.

48 Similarly, in Low Cze Hong v Singapore Medical Council [2008] 3 SLR(R) 612
at [36] and [88], V K Rajah JA remarked:

36 In the same vein, this approach applies with equal force to the medical
profession under the supervision of the SMC. The importance of maintaining the
highest level of professionalism and ethical conduct has been duly
acknowledged by the SMC in the Introduction section of the SMC Ethical Code
(at p 1):

The medical profession has always been held in the highest esteem by the
public, who look to their doctors for the relief of suffering and ailments. In
modern medical practice, patients and society at large expect doctors to be
responsible both to individual patients’ needs as well as to the needs of the
larger community. Much trust is therefore endowed upon doctors to do their
best by both. This trust is contingent on the profession maintaining the
highest standards of professional practice and conduct.

…

88 The medical profession is a historically venerated institution. Its
hallowed status is founded upon a bedrock of unequivocal trust and a
presumption of unremitting professional competence. The basic premise
underpinning the doctor and patient relationship is that all medical
practitioners will infallibly discharge their duties in the time-honoured and
immaculate traditions of this singularly noble profession … [E]rrant conduct
must be painstakingly policed and effectively deterred if the medical
profession is to continue to rightfully occupy its unique position in society.
All it needs is a few recalcitrant practitioners to diminish the stature and
standing of a revered and respected institution. The SMC plays a pivotal role
in ensuring that it does not. …

[emphasis added]

49 In our judgment, the improper issuance of a false death certificate based
on non-existent medical records goes against the very essence of these
standards and constitutes a very serious breach of the Code. This is seriously
aggravated if the doctor then fabricates or conjures up records in an attempt
to justify the false certification. In this case, the element of dishonesty
was scarcely accounted for by the DT when it held that it led to the crossing
of the threshold from a mere censure or a fine to a suspension. 62

##### Foot Note 62

×

ROP vol 1 at Tab 1, p 10, para 25(b).

This was overly lenient to the point of being wrong in principle. It is out of
line with Sir Donald Irvine’s suggested approach of erasure from the medical
register as a starting point before adjusting for proportionality (see [38]
above). It is also out of line with the approach we take to dishonest lawyers
who are invariably struck off the rolls regardless of the mitigating
circumstances: Law Society of Singapore v Manjit Singh s/o Kirpal Singh and
another [2015] 3 SLR 829 at [77]. Additionally, the Respondent displayed his
lack of contrition and repentance before us at the oral hearing, when he
continued to justify his improper certification of Patient A and B’s deaths
despite the overwhelming evidence against him (see [27] above).

50 In Cheatle v General Medical Council [2009] EWHC 645 (Admin) at [33], which
followed Bolton v Law Society [1994] 1 WLR 512, it was held that sanctions in
medical disciplinary proceedings serve two functions: first, to ensure that
the offender does not repeat the offence; and second, to uphold the standing
of the medical profession. With respect to the former, we considered that the
ultimate aim is to ensure that the public is protected from the potentially
severe outcomes arising from the actions of errant doctors (see Council for
the Regulation of Health Care Professionals v General Medical Council and
Ruscillo [2005] 1 WLR 717 at [60]). We take this opportunity to lay down some
principles as to the basis on which we imposed the sentence on the Respondent,
and trust that they will guide future DTs in sentencing.

51 We begin with the observation that the concept of public interest which
guides sentencing of medical misconduct extends further than just the danger
which the doctor may pose to his patients. In Dr Samuel Nwogbo v General
Medical Council [2012] EWHC 2666 (Admin) (“Nwogbo”), Davies J when considering
the FPP’s observations said at [76]:

It is clear from the determination of the panel that they had proper regard to
the guidance contained in the indicative guidance sanctions promulgated by the
GMC in 2009. They recorded, correctly, that the purpose of sanction is
protection, not punishment, and that there has to be a proportionate balancing
of the interests of the public with those of the doctor. They accepted,
correctly, that this was not a case where the appellant posed a risk to
patients, but they also observed, rightly, that the public interest is wider
than the protection of patients and extends to other matters as well.
[emphasis added]

52 In our judgment, public interest considerations weighed heavily in favour
of imposing a stern sentence in this case. The issuance of a false death
certificate is a very grave breach of a doctor’s ethical and professional
duties. The Coroners Act (Cap 63A, 2012 Rev Ed) requires that certain types of
unexplained deaths be inquired into by the Coroner. This requirement serves
several important functions. From a legal standpoint, it is a vital safeguard
against the possibility of homicides being covered up. It may also be
important in determining liability in civil lawsuits – in cases of
malpractice, for instance – or for the settlement of certain kinds of
insurance claims. From a public health standpoint, it serves a critical
function. When an otherwise healthy person dies, it is important that society
understands why that has happened so that mistakes may be avoided, lessons may
be learnt, and possible sources of disease and infection may be discovered and
guarded against. From a personal standpoint, not knowing the true cause of the
death of a loved one can cause great anguish and confusion for the bereaved
family.

53 The following passage from Serene Ai Kiang Ong and Siang Hui Lai,
“Certification of Death in Singapore” (2014) 23(4) Proceedings of Singapore
Healthcare 292 at p 292 is instructive:

The role of death certificates is generally two-fold: legal and statistical.
They could be used for medicolegal, insurance, and inheritance matters. At the
same time, the information recorded within constitutes essential
epidemiological data for national mortality and morbidity statistics, which
ultimately affects health-related decisions such as governmental policies and
funding. It is thus essential that the information entered on the certificate
must be accurate, yet studies from elsewhere have found error rates as high as
60%.

54 Because of the severity of the potential consequences, we were deeply
disturbed by this case. The Respondent issued two death certificates that he
later admitted were false. This is not including the matters covered by the
Prior Charge. In an attempt to substantiate his lies, he went so far as to
claim the existence of extensive medical records and the conduct of treatment
and investigations which, upon investigation, proved to be entirely false. For
these reasons, we were satisfied that public interest considerations weighed
heavily in favour of significantly increasing the sanction to be imposed on
the Respondent.

55 Second, we also had regard to the considerations of general and specific
deterrence. These were elaborated upon by V K Rajah J (as he then was) in Tan
Kay Beng v Public Prosecutor [2006] 4 SLR(R) 10 at [31]–[32] and [34]:

… Deterrence, as a concept, has a multi-faceted dimension and it is
inappropriate to invoke it without a proper appreciation of how and when it
should be applied. It is premised upon the upholding of certain statutory or
public policy concerns or alternatively, upon judicial concern or disquiet
about the prevalence of particular offences and the attendant need to prevent
such offences from becoming contagious. Deterrence, as a general sentencing
principle, is also intended to create an awareness in the public and more
particularly among potential offenders that punishment will be certain and
unrelenting for certain offences and offenders.

32 Deterrence however also has a more specific application. Specific
deterrence is directed at persuading a particular offender from contemplating
further mischief. This assumes that a potential offender can balance and weigh
consequences before committing an offence. …

…

34 In sentencing a particular offender, both general and specific deterrence
must be scrupulously assessed and measured in the context of that particular
factual matrix before deciding exactly how and to what extent each should
figure in the equation. ...

[emphasis added]

56 In our judgment, the facts of this case amply warranted the application of
both these considerations. The Respondent’s actions not only led to an erosion
of public trust in the medical profession, but also had serious implications
and consequences for the family of the deceased persons. In addition, as we
have noted above, it would also potentially have an impact on public health,
including the work of medical statisticians, and even possibly criminal
investigations when homicides might be covered up or investigations hampered.
In the light of the wider consequences of his actions, we considered that
general deterrence was applicable as a sentencing principle.

57 We were also satisfied that specific deterrence, which is directed at
discouraging an offender from contemplating further mischief, was applicable
here. The facts showed that when the Respondent committed the acts leading to
the Charges, he was being investigated for the acts leading to the Prior
Charge. Yet, he went ahead to certify two other deaths without basis or
substantiation. His attitude was reckless and callous. Together with his
seeming lack of remorse and attempts at justifying his actions, the Respondent
did not seem to realise the wrongfulness of his actions. We therefore
considered that the principles of general and specific deterrence are
applicable in this instance.

58 We turn to the mitigating factors raised by the Respondent at the
proceedings below. In this regard, DTs are primarily concerned with the
protection of public confidence and the reputation of the profession. For this
reason, mitigating circumstances which weigh in favour of an offender in
criminal proceedings are viewed in a qualitatively different light where
disciplinary proceedings are concerned. Law Society of Singapore v Tham Yu
Xian Rick [1999] 3 SLR(R) 68 at [22], cited by this court in Law Society of
Singapore v Kurubalan s/o Manickam Rengaraju [2013] 4 SLR 91 at [48], held:

... Because orders made by a disciplinary tribunal are not primarily punitive,
considerations which would ordinarily weigh in mitigation of punishment have
less effect on the exercise of the disciplinary jurisdiction than on sentences
imposed in criminal cases …

59 Here, the Respondent urged the DT to consider that: (a) he is an
undischarged bankrupt and no one would employ him after the Charges were
brought against him; 63

##### Foot Note 63

×

ROP vol 3 at Tab 1, pp 37–38, lines 834–838.

(b) he did extensive work with a hospice for free; 64

##### Foot Note 64

×

ROP vol 3 at Tab 1, p 38, lines 842-851.

(c) he had not engaged in similar conduct after giving the undertaking on 1
August 2011; 65

##### Foot Note 65

×

ROP vol 3 at Tab 1, p 38, lines 852–853; ROP vol 4 at Tab 5, p 37.

and (d) he was active in contributing publicly to the healthcare scene in
Singapore. 66

##### Foot Note 66

×

ROP vol 3 at Tab 1, pp 38–39, lines 857–880.

While it does appear from his resume that the Respondent has an extensive
record of voluntary work, 67

##### Foot Note 67

×

ROP vol 4 at Tab 5, pp 42-45.

we were unable to give those factors any weight. In our judgment, the
interests of protecting public confidence and the reputation of the medical
profession outweighed any mitigating value that the Respondent’s voluntary
work could give him because:

(a) the offences committed by the Respondent were serious ones with
potentially damaging consequences;

(b) the Respondent was brazen and his acts of dishonesty were indefensible;

(c) he attempted to cover up his wrongdoing;

(d) he persisted in this conduct despite already facing the Prior Charge; and

(e) he displayed a lack of remorse that was evident in the position he took
before us (see [27] above).

Considering his lack of insight into the wrongfulness of his actions, public
confidence in and the reputation of the medical profession would not have been
adequately protected if the Respondent were given a lighter sentence on the
basis of the mitigating circumstances raised, even if we were to accept these
as true.

60 Nwogbo is instructive in this regard. The doctor had been charged with an
offence of assault pertaining to domestic violence in the presence of a child,
and had an obligation to inform the General Medical Council without delay of
this (at [12]). He failed to do so, and repeatedly sought and obtained
employment from various medical establishments without disclosing his charge,
and subsequently, his conviction. The FPP found that the doctor displayed
dishonest conduct, and erased his name from the medical register, and at the
same time suspended him pending the erasure coming into effect (at [5]). The
doctor appealed, and the court observed that there was evidence that he had
completely failed to accept his offending, face up to his criminal behaviour,
or express any regret or remorse for his conduct which involved elements of
dishonesty. It was held that those were factors which pointed to the FPP’s
decision being an appropriate one, and the court declined to vary the FPP’s
decision (at [83]).

61 In all the circumstances, we considered that a suspension of 18 months for
each Charge was appropriate, and that these should run consecutively for an
aggregate suspension term of three years.

62 We would also add that the Respondent could well have been struck off the
medical register. However, we declined to order that, because there were too
many questions left unanswered at the conclusion of the investigation and the
DT proceedings. We touch on these below at [70]–[72] in the hope that in any
future cases, matters such as these may be fully resolved. Nevertheless, we
should say here that even without the additional information and having regard
only to the seriousness of the offence and the patent dishonesty on the part
of the Respondent, consideration could have been given to striking the
Respondent off the medical register. We did not do so in this case as we would
have wanted detailed submissions on the question of whether the usual penalty
for dishonesty in professional dealings in the medical profession should be
similar or different to that in the legal profession. The Respondent was
unrepresented and unreliable in the manner he made submissions; it was evident
that we would not get much assistance from him. However, we flag this as an
open issue that we will take up on an appropriate occasion in the future.

63 The DT also erred in relation to several points of law, and we now turn our
attention to address those.

Consolidating the charges

64 First, the DT considered that the First Charge should have been
consolidated with the Prior Charge. Because this was not done, it ordered the
two sentences of suspension to be served concurrently and also to only award
the Applicant half of its costs. The DT noted in its grounds that: 68

##### Foot Note 68

×

ROP vol 1 at Tab 1, pp 10–11.

(d) ... it is simply unsatisfactory to stand ‘trial’ twice over especially for
similar charges. If SMC had so wished to consolidate, which they ought to have
done so, necessary steps could have been effected by the SMC, inconvenient as
they may have been. The process must not be unfair to the Respondent. … For
these reasons, we are of the view that both the suspension sentences should
run concurrently instead of consecutively in all fairness to the Respondent
...

…

(f) in relation to costs, as we were strongly of the view that the [First
Charge] should have been dealt with together with the subject matter disposed
by the DC Inquiry in 2011, we were not minded to order the Respondent to pay
any costs of the SMC in relation to the [First Charge]. As it would have been
inevitable for the SMC to separately proceed against the Respondent on the
[Second Charge], a costs order against the Respondent for work done by the SMC
Counsel would, however, be justifiable.

65 In our judgment, the DT erred. It was not possible for the First Charge to
be consolidated with the Prior Charge. On 1 December 2010, the MRA 2004 was
repealed and the Amendment Act came into effect, which transitioned the MRA
2004 to its current form – the MRA 2010. Section 41(3) of the Amendment Act
states that any inquiry, investigations or proceedings commenced before any DC
or Complaints Committee (“CC”) appointed before 1 December 2010 would be
governed by the MRA 2004, but any proceeding commenced after that date would
be governed by the MRA 2010. The upshot of the legislative changes is that r
23B(1) of the Medical Registration Regulations (Cap 174, R 1, 2000 Rev Ed),
which was enacted pursuant to the MRA 2004 and gave power to the DC to join
similar disciplinary offences, lapsed on 1 December 2010 (see Public
Prosecutor v Tan Teck Hin [1992] 1 SLR(R) 672 at [27], where it was held that
subordinate legislation, unless saved by the repealing enactment, lapses on
the repeal of the provisions under which it was made), save for its
application to disciplinary proceedings which had been commenced before 1
December 2010.

66 A CC for the Prior Charge was appointed before 1 December 2010, 69

##### Foot Note 69

×

Appellant’s Submissions at para 43.

and was therefore bound to apply the MRA 2004. However, the proceedings
relating to the First Charge were not commenced until 21 September 2011. 70

##### Foot Note 70

×

ROP vol 5 at Tab 1, p 6.

The MRA 2010 therefore applied to the proceedings concerning the First Charge
while the MRA 2004 applied to those concerning the Prior Charge. There was
thus no possibility that the proceedings could have been joined. The DT
therefore erred in holding otherwise. Consequently, the basis on which the DT
ordered that the Respondent serve the two sentences concurrently and pay only
half of the Applicant’s costs was wrong and fell aside.

The Prior Charge

67 Second, the DT erred in considering that the Respondent was not a repeat
offender on the basis that he had not yet been sentenced for the Prior Charge
when he committed the two acts of misconduct leading to the Charges. The DT
reasoned that the sentence should not be stiffer than that imposed for the
Prior Charge, which was primarily a three-month suspension. In our judgment,
the DT was wrong. It is important to note that while the Respondent had not
yet been formally charged with the Prior Charge when he falsely certified
Patients A and B’s death certificates, he was on notice that he was under
investigation for the prior offence. We considered this to be an aggravating
factor and therefore took this into account when imposing the sentences we
have set out at [61] above. In any event, it was not evident to us how the
Respondent could not be regarded as a repeat offender since the plain facts
were that he had repeatedly issued false death certificates. There was simply
no ambiguity in this.

The Respondent’s guilty pleas

68 Third, the DT erred in placing emphasis on the Respondent’s plea of guilt
as a mitigating factor. While the court will account for a plea of guilt in
mitigation as evidence of remorse, its relevance and weight will depend on the
facts (Wong Kai Chuen Philip v Public Prosecutor [1990] 2 SLR(R) 361 at
[10]–[17]). In particular, Chan Sek Keong J (as he then was) said at [14]:

14 In making these comments, I do not dissent from the principle applied by
the Senior District Judge that the voluntary surrender by an offender and a
plea of guilty by him in court are factors that can be taken into account in
mitigation as they may be evidence of remorse and a willingness to accept
punishment for his wrongdoing. However, I think that their relevance and the
weight to be placed on them must depend on the circumstances of each case. I
do not see any mitigation value in a robber surrendering to the police after
he is surrounded and has no means of escape, or much mitigation value in a
professional man turning himself in in the face of absolute knowledge that the
game is up. [emphasis added]

69 In our judgment, the facts before us clearly fell within the latter
category referred to by Chan J. When the Respondent pleaded guilty, the
evidence against him was overwhelming and there was no way in which he could
possibly have justified his actions. It was on that basis that the Respondent
pleaded guilty, and thus the mitigation value was minimal. Indeed, of greater
relevance was the fact that the Respondent had initially maintained the
position in relation to the Second Charge that he was entirely justified in
issuing the death certificate in that case, and had produced what purported to
be a letter from D, and further that before us, he maintained that the medical
documents that would have substantiated his claim did in fact exist but were
just not before us (see [27] above). This was despite the fact that the
Respondent had previously admitted that they had been fabricated. We did not
believe these were the actions of a remorseful person. In our judgment, his
guilty pleas had no value as a mitigating factor.

Our thoughts on the Applicant’s investigations

70 Finally, we make some observations on the investigations that had been
carried out by the Applicant. Having looked at the evidence and heard the
parties, we found that there were many questions left unanswered and many
difficulties unresolved. First, what was the incentive for the Respondent to
falsely certify the deaths of both Patients A and B? The Respondent is a
doctor with many years of experience and as much as he might claim to be
untrained in death certification, there was nothing unclear about why it was
wrong to do what he did. He could not possibly have been unaware of the
gravity and consequences of his actions. In investigations of this nature, we
thought that it would be obvious that one of the most important questions to
be answered was why the acts had been carried out. The motivations behind such
acts would undoubtedly be an important factor in determining the sentence to
be meted out against an errant doctor. The consequences might have been quite
different depending on whether he had done it to conceal some other illicit
act, for profit, or for some other less egregious reasons such as sympathy for
a bereaved family. We asked the Applicants’ counsel, Mr Philip Fong Yeng Fatt,
if this had been looked into, and he told us it had not.

71 Second, we thought that the circumstances surrounding the Respondent’s
explanation to the Applicant in relation to the Second Charge were highly
suspicious. As mentioned at [16] above, the Respondent had attached what
purported to be a letter from D dated 10 December 2011 71

##### Foot Note 71

×

ROP vol 5 at Tab 2, p 51.

together with his explanation to the Applicant regarding the cause of Patient
B’s death. We found the circumstances surrounding what appeared to be D’s
letter and its contents extremely odd to say the least. They gave rise to the
following unanswered questions:

(a) How did D know that the Respondent was being investigated and what were
the circumstances in which he had written the letter?

(b) D was Patient B’s husband and unless relations between them were very bad,
how could he have been so mistaken as to his wife’s medical condition?

(c) Why did D falsely state that C was not the sister of his wife? On the
other hand, if C was not the sister of Patient B, why did the Respondent admit
to that fact in the Agreed Statement of Facts? 72

##### Foot Note 72

×

ROP vol 4 at Tab 1, p 5, para 15.

(d) What was D’s motivation in requesting that the investigations into the
Respondent be stopped?

(e) The letter was typewritten and printed before D wrote his name and signed
on it. If D had typed the letter, why would he not type his name on the letter
before printing it out and then signing on it?

(f) In all the circumstances, was the letter genuine, and had it in fact been
issued by D, Patient B’s widower?

72 Our impression formed from reviewing the record of the oral hearing and the
papers was that these questions were not asked during investigations. It could
be that this was because the Respondent had pleaded guilty to the Charges. In
our judgment, the fact that the Respondent had pleaded guilty to the Charges
did nothing to quell the concerns that give rise to these questions which
ought to have been investigated. Answers to these questions could have given
us greater insight into the true culpability of the Respondent and this would
have been relevant to sentencing. As we have noted above, had more information
been available, we might have found that there were ample grounds for the
Respondent to be struck off the medical register even on the basis of the
existing sentencing framework without taking into account the point mentioned
at [62] above. But as there was no evidence before us as to the matters we
have outlined above, we proceeded to sentence him based solely on the facts
that we were presented with.

73 However, we remain disturbed by these unresolved issues, and have therefore
referred the matter to the Attorney-General to consider what, if any, further
steps should be taken to investigate this matter. In our judgment, in future
investigations, those leading these inquiries, including those prosecuting
these matters, should endeavour to seek answers pertaining to such crucial
questions, such as the motivations behind the commission of the offences.
Where a plea of guilt is taken, the answers to such questions should be
reflected in the agreed statement of facts to the extent they might have a
bearing on the appropriate sentence. Apart from ensuring that the sentence is
then imposed with the benefit of as complete a picture as possible as to the
culpability of the errant doctor, consideration can also be given to any other
steps that may need to be taken to ensure that vital interests that are
adversely impacted, including those mentioned in the context of this case (see
[52] above), the administration of criminal justice and the interests of
public health, are attended to.

Conclusion

74 For these reasons, we set aside the sentence of three months suspension for
each Charge, and instead imposed a term of suspension of 18 months for each
Charge. We ordered that both sentences are to run consecutively, thus giving
rise to an aggregate term of suspension of three years. We were informed,
though only after the hearing, that the Respondent had already served the
sentence of three months suspension that had earlier been imposed by the DT.
It is appropriate that this should be taken into account, leaving him to serve
the remaining period of suspension of 33 months commencing on 6 July 2015, the
date on which we delivered our judgment. We also ordered that the Applicant
should have its full costs and expenses of and incidental to the inquiry
before the DT, including the costs of its solicitors. Save as

aforesaid, we did not disturb the remaining orders made by the DT. Finally, we
awarded the Applicant the costs of the appeal which we fixed at $6,000 plus
reasonable disbursements.

Sundaresh Menon Chao Hick Tin Andrew Phang Boon Leong  
Chief Justice Judge of Appeal Judge of Appeal

Philip Fong Yeng Fatt and Shazana bte Mohd Anuar (Harry Elias Partnership LLP)
for the applicant;  
The respondent in person.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 11 Jan 2022 (19:48 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

