Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Foo Jong Long Dennis _v_ Ang Yee Lim and another  
[2015] SGHC 23

Case Number| :| Suit No 72 of 2013  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 29 January 2015  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Chan Seng Onn J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Tan Chuan Thye, Kenneth Chua and Stephany Aw (Stamford
Law Corporation) for the plaintiff; Harry Elias SC, Andy Lem, Toh Wei Yi and
Farrah Isaac (Harry Elias Partnership LLP) for the defendants.  
Parties| :|  Foo Jong Long Dennis — Ang Yee Lim and another  
  
29 January 2015|  
---|---  
  
Chan Seng Onn J:

Introduction

1 The matter before me concerned an issue of law not hitherto considered by
any court in Singapore. It was raised as a preliminary issue on the first day
of trial by counsel for the first and second defendants (“the Defendants), Mr
Harry Elias SC. In a nutshell, it pertained to whether a document disclosed
during discovery in a prior suit – and that is thus subject to an implied
undertaking not to be used for any collateral or ulterior purpose (the “
_Riddick_ principle”) – ceased to be subject to that undertaking once it had
been used in open court in the prior suit.

The Parties

2 The relationship of the parties was not relevant to the specific question of
law that was before the court. However, for completeness, I would briefly
describe the history of their relationship. The plaintiff and the Defendants
were shareholders of Raffles Town Club Pte Ltd (“RTC”), ABR Holdings Limited
(“ABR”) and Europa Holdings Pte Ltd (“EH”). Their holdings in ABR were through
two companies which were incorporated in the British Virgin Islands, namely,
Goldhurst Properties Limited and Sullivan Developments Limited.

3 The plaintiff and the first defendant were directors of RTC, ABR and EH. The
second defendant was also a director of RTC, ABR and EH, although he ceased to
be a director before the plaintiff and 1st defendant did.

Background

4 In 2000, the following suits involving the parties were instituted
(collectively referred to as “the Year 2000 Suits”):

(a) Suit No 742 of 2000 involved a third party, Peter Lim Eng Hock (“Peter
Lim”), suing the plaintiff and the Defendants in this case for the specific
performance of an oral agreement involving the shares of RTC. According to
Peter Lim, the oral agreement involved a promise to him of 40% of the
shareholding of RTC.

(b) Suit No 782 of 2000 involved a claim by RTC against the first defendant
and Peter Lim for a sum in excess of $51 million.

(c) Suit No 905 of 2000 involved a claim by RTC against the second defendant
for a sum of almost $6 million.

(d) Suit No 1000 of 2000 involved a suit in which the Defendants sued the
plaintiff and Peter Lim, alleging them of the wrongful conversion of certain
bearer share certificates.

5 The trial for the Year 2000 Suits commenced in 2001\. The trial had been
partially heard when the matters were referred to mediation. The mediation
sessions at the Singapore Mediation Centre were attended by the plaintiff, the
Defendants and Peter Lim, all of whom were involved in the Year 2000 Suits.

6 An agreement was finally reached and a Deed of Settlement was eventually
executed by the plaintiff, the Defendants, Peter Lim and one Ricky Goh Hoon
Kan on 19 April 2001.

7 The matter did not end there. In 2006, RTC instituted Suit No 46 of 2006
(“the Year 2006 Suit”) against Peter Lim, the plaintiff and the Defendants for
breach of directors’ duties owed to RTC.

8 Pursuant to discovery obligations in the Year 2006 Suit, the Defendants
furnished a handwritten document in the Chinese language. This document was
titled “Minutes of Meeting” and dated 14 April 2001 (“the 14 April Minutes”).
The 14 April Minutes had not been disclosed during the mediation process and
negotiations leading up to the execution of the Deed of Settlement in 2001.

9 During the course of the trial for the Year 2006 Suit, counsel for Peter Lim
referred to the 14 April Minutes during his cross-examination of the first
defendant and second defendant. The 14 April Minutes was also referred to
during the cross-examination of the second defendant by counsel for one
Margaret Tung (who was added as a third party in the Year 2006 Suit). Parts of
the official translation into English of the 14 April Minutes were read out
during the cross-examination mentioned above. All of these were recorded in
the verbatim transcripts of the trial proceedings. It was therefore not
disputed that the 14 April Minutes was referred to and used in open court.

10 The Year 2006 suit ended with a dismissal of both the claim and the
counterclaims by the High Court. On appeal, RTC’s appeal was dismissed but the
appeal by the Defendants was allowed in part.

11 One would not be faulted for thinking that was the end of the saga. It was
not to be. The plaintiff instituted this suit against the Defendants for
damages for, _inter alia_ , deceit, misrepresentation, conspiracy and for
breach of the Memorandum and Articles of Association (“M&A”) of RTC and EH and
for breach of the Singapore Exchange Trading Limited Listing Manual (“SGX
Rules”).

12 According to the plaintiff, the 14 April Minutes constituted evidence of an
agreement (“the Agreement”) between the Defendants and third parties which
provided, _inter alia_ , that the Defendants agreed to sell their shares in
RTC, ABR and EH to the third parties for $36 million. The plaintiff claimed,
_inter alia_ , that the Agreement was in breach of the M&A of RTC and EH, and
by failing to disclose the Agreement during the mediation and negotiations
leading up to the execution of the Deed of Settlement in 2001, the Defendants
had acted fraudulently. The plaintiff also claimed damages for
misrepresentation and conspiracy. In addition to the above, the plaintiff
claimed that the failure to disclose the Agreement was a breach of the SGX
Rules on public disclosure to shareholders since ABR was a listed company.

13 The 14 April Minutes became crucial to the plaintiff’s claim. It was the
main piece of evidence that the plaintiff was relying on to establish the
Agreement.

14 One of the defences raised by the Defendants was that the use of the 14
April Minutes was a breach of the _Riddick_ principle. According to the
Defendants, the 14 April Minutes obtained by the plaintiff through discovery
in the Year 2006 Suit had to be used only for purposes relating to the Year
2006 Suit. The use of the 14 April Minutes in this suit was thus for an
improper or collateral purpose and in breach of the _Riddick_ principle.

15 On the other hand, the plaintiff’s position was that the _Riddick_
principle was not breached because it ceased to apply to the 14 April Minutes
once it had been used in open court.

16 Prior to trial, the Defendants took out an application in Summons No 2757
of 2013 to strike out the plaintiff’s statement of claim pursuant to O 18 r 19
of the Rules of Court (Cap 332, R 5, 2006 Rev Ed) on the basis that the use of
the 14 April Minutes was a breach of the _Riddick_ principle. The application
to strike out was not granted.

17 On the first day of trial, Mr Harry Elias SC raised this same issue as a
preliminary point for determination. As mentioned above (at [13]), the 14
April Minutes was central to the plaintiff’s case. In fact, had I found that
the _Riddick_ principle applied to prevent the plaintiff from using the 14
April Minutes, that would have been fatal to the plaintiff’s case. This much
was conceded by counsel for the plaintiff, Mr Tan Chuan Thye.

18 After hearing both parties, I decided that the _Riddick_ principle did not
apply to the April 14 Minutes. Accordingly, I ordered the trial to continue.
The trial is presently part-heard. As the Defendants appealed against my
ruling on the preliminary issue, I now give my reasons.

The Issue

19 The sole preliminary issue which concerned the court was whether the
_Riddick_ principle ceased to apply once the 14 April Minutes had been used in
open court.

My Decision

The Riddick principle in Singapore

20 It was not disputed that a party to litigation who had obtained discovery
of a document owed an implied undertaking to the court not to use that
document for any collateral or ulterior purpose. The principal question
concerned the nature of the exceptions (if any) to the general _Riddick_
principle. In _Riddick v Thames Board Mills Ltd_ [1977] QB 881 (“ _Riddick_
”), an issue arose as to whether the staff report prepared by the defendant on
Riddick, which was disclosed during discovery in an action brought by Riddick
for wrongful dismissal, could be used in a subsequent defamation suit that was
based on the very report disclosed in the first suit (which was eventually
settled before trial). The Court of Appeal held that Riddick was not entitled
to use the report. Lord Denning MR explained as follows at 895:

Discovery of documents is a most valuable aid in the doing of justice. The
court orders the parties to a suit - both of them - to disclose on oath all
documents in their possession or power relating to the matters in issue in the
action. Many litigants feel that this is unfair…

_The reason for compelling discovery of documents in this way lies in the
public interest in discovering the truth so that justice may be done between
the parties. That public interest is to be put into the scales against the
public interest in preserving privacy and protecting confidential
information._ The balance comes down in the ordinary way in favour of the
public interest of discovering the truth, _i.e._ in making full disclosure.
This balancing act – of weighing the competing public interests – is what I
advocated in my judgment in _D. v. National Society for the Prevention of
Cruelty to Children_ … The thing to do in every case is to weigh the competing
public interests and see which way the scales come down…

I proceed to hold the balance in the present case. On the one hand discovery
has been had in the first action. It enabled that action to be disposed of.
The public interest there has served its purpose. Should it go further so as
to enable the memorandum of 16 April, 1969, to be used for this libel action?
I think not. The memorandum was obtained by compulsion. Compulsion is an
invasion of a private right to keep one’s documents to oneself. The public
interest in privacy and confidence demands that this compulsion should not be
pressed further than the course of justice requires. The courts should,
therefore, not allow the other party – or anyone else – to use the documents
for any ulterior or alien purpose. Otherwise the courts themselves would be
doing injustice. Very often a party may disclose documents, such as inter-
departmental memoranda, containing criticisms of other people or suggestions
of negligence or misconduct. If these were permitted to found actions of
libel, you would find that an order for discovery would be counter-productive.
The inter-departmental memoranda would be lost or destroyed or said never to
have existed. In order to encourage openness and fairness, the public interest
requires that documents disclosed on discovery are not to be made use of
except for the purposes of the action in which they are disclosed. …

[emphasis added]

21 The _Riddick_ principle has been accepted and applied locally (see, _eg_ ,
_Sim Leng Chua v Manghardt_ [1987] SLR(R) 52 (“ _Manghardt_ ”); _Stansfield
Business International Pte Ltd and another v V C S Vardan_ [1997] 3 SLR(R) 857
and _Business Software Alliance and others v SM Summit Holdings Ltd and
another and other appeals_ [2000] 1 SLR(R) 819).

22 The following passage from the Court of Appeal in _Pertamina Energy Trading
Ltd v Karaha Bodas Co LLC and others_ [2007] 2 SLR(R) 518 (“ _Pertamina_ ”) is
instructive:

38 Such an implied undertaking is owed to _the court_ , and a _breach_ of such
an undertaking is a _contempt of court_ , and punishable accordingly. The
following elaboration by Hobhouse J (as he then was) in the English High Court
decision of _Prudential Assurance Co Ltd v Fountain Page Ltd_ [1991] 1 WLR 756
(at 764-765) is illuminating:

_This undertaking is implied whether the court expressly requires it or not.
The expression of the obligation as an implied undertaking given to the court
derives from the historical origin of the principle. It is now in reality a
legal obligation which arises by operation of law by virtue of the
circumstances under which the relevant person obtained the documents or
information. However treating it as having the character of an implied
undertaking continues to serve a useful purpose in that it confirms that the
obligation is one which is owed to the court for the benefit of the parties,
not one which is owed simply to the parties; likewise, it is an obligation
which the court has the right to control and can modify or release a party
from. It is an obligation which arises from legal process and therefore is
within the control of the court, gives rise to direct sanctions which the
court may impose (viz. contempt of court) and can be relieved or modified by
an order of the court._ It is thus a formulation of the obligation which has
merit and convenience and enables it to be treated flexibly having regard to
the circumstances of any particular case. Treating the duty as one which is
owed to the court and breach of which is contempt of court also involves the
principle that such contempts of court can be restrained by injunction and
that any person who knowingly aids a contempt or does acts which are
inconsistent with the undertaking is himself in contempt and liable to
sanctions: see _Distillers Co. (Biochemicals) Ltd. v. Times Newspapers Ltd_.
[1975] Q.B. 613.

_The rational basis for the rule is that where one party compels another,
either by the enforcement of a rule of court or a specific order of the court,
to disclose documents or information whether that other wishes to or not, the
party obtaining the disclosure is given this power because the invasion of the
other party's rights has to give way to the need to do justice between those
parties in the pending litigation between them; it follows from this that the
results of such compulsion should likewise be limited to the purpose for which
the order was made, namely, the purposes of that litigation then before the
court between those parties and not for any other litigation or matter or any
collateral purpose_ ...

Reference may also be made to _Microsoft Corp_ ([36] _supra_ , especially at
[23]-[24] and [36]).

39 The _opposite_ of compulsion is, of course, _voluntariness_. Hence, in
_Hong Lam Marine_ ([36] _supra_), it was held (at [21]) that:

[T]he _Riddick_ principle applies to documents disclosed under compulsion of
court process, whether by virtue of the enforcement of the rules of the court
or by a specific court order. It has no application to documents voluntarily
disclosed in legal proceedings; the implied undertaking does not apply to such
documents. ...

[emphasis in original]

23 A few local cases would require more attention. In _Manghardt_ (see [21]
above), the plaintiff had initially instituted a suit against a company,
Interfood Ltd, for damages for breach of contract and for procuring another
party (Khee San Food Industries Sdn Bhd) to breach its contract with the
plaintiff. However, the plaintiff also started a fresh suit for defamation
against the defendant, who was Interfood Ltd’s “director-general adjoint”. The
latter case arose as in the course of discovery for the initial suit,
Interfood Ltd disclosed a letter that was addressed to the managing director
of Khee San. The letter, which contained allegedly defamatory statements, had
been signed by the defendant (although it did not indicate if he had written
it in his personal capacity). Chan Sek Keong JC (as he then was) struck out
the plaintiff’s defamation action on the ground of abuse of the process of
court. He based this on the _Riddick_ principle. Counsel for the plaintiff
contended that the _Riddick_ principle only applied to limit the use of a
disclosed document against the same party or parties to the action where
discovery of it had been given. After surveying the relevant authorities, Chan
JC rejected her argument, citing _Sybron Corp v Barclays Bank Plc_ [1985] Ch
299 (“ _Sybron_ ”) (at 328):

There are two additional matters that I would refer to. Mr Brodie suggested
that, since the implied undertaking was imposed for the benefit of the party
giving discovery, the bank ought not to be allowed to inhibit use of the
documents against third parties, the employees. I do not accept that. It is,
in my view, an understandable and legitimate object of the bank that its
discovered document should not be used to base actions against its staff. The
decision in the _Riddick_ case [1977] QB 881 would surely have been the same
if the person sued for defamation had been the employee who drafted the
memorandum rather than the employer itself. …

It must be noted that no reference was made to the manner in which the
document was used in the prior suit. Chan JC was merely dealing with the
argument raised by counsel, that the _Riddick_ principle only applied between
parties to the suit in which discovery had been ordered. Chan JC was not
required to consider the effect of using the document in open court on the
_Riddick_ principle.

24 The second local case was that of _Reebok International Ltd v Royal Corp
and another action_ [1991] 2 SLR(R) 688. The plaintiff in the main action,
Reebok, sued the defendant, Royal, for trademark infringement by importing
shoes bearing the “REEBOK” trade mark into Singapore. An Anton Piller order
was granted in favour of Reebok, resulting in some 35,832 pairs of shoes in
four different models being taken into safe custody. Pursuant to an order of
court, a random sample of the seized shoes was selected to be preserved until
trial. While the main action was pending, Reebok applied for, _inter alia_ ,
liberty to send ten pairs of each of the four models of shoes to Japan,
Taiwan, and the USA. Reebok wanted to use them as evidence in the foreign
legal proceedings it was involved in. Chan Sek Keong J (as he then was)
dismissed the immediate application before him. In considering the _Riddick_
principle, Chan J observed as follows (at [16]):

The _Riddick_ principle is not an absolute principle. The court has a
discretion to release or modify the undertaking, whether express or implied. …

25 I turn next to the case of _Beckkett Pte Ltd v Deutsche Bank AG_ [2005] 3
SLR(R) 555. In that case, Beckkett applied to be released from its implied
undertaking not to use the documents obtained through discovery in its on-
going suit with the bank. It sought leave to use the documents to apply for an
injunction in Indonesia against a third party, which it had also added as a
defendant in the on-going suit. In the High Court, Woo Bih Li J reversed the
assistant registrar’s decision to grant leave, mainly for the reason that
disclosing the documents in Indonesia would render the defendant bank liable
to criminal prosecution in Indonesia. Beckkett appealed. The Court of Appeal,
in dismissing the appeal, made the following observations (at [19]):

… It seems to us that, generally, before leave to be released from the implied
undertaking is given, two conditions must be satisfied. First, cogent and
persuasive reasons must be furnished for the request. Second, it must not give
rise to any injustice or prejudice to the party who had given discovery.

It is clear that the court may, in the appropriate circumstances, give leave
in order for a party to be released from the implied undertaking. Even though
the _Riddick_ principle was initially stated in absolute terms, the court can
modify the undertaking and grant leave in order for a party to be released
from the undertaking. However, the contention by Mr Tan Chuan Thye went even
further. He submitted that leave was not required because the implied
undertaking ceased once the document had been used in open court.

26 The following observations can be distilled from the discussion above. The
_Riddick_ principle, as it was originally espoused, comes about as a result of
a balancing exercise (see emphasis in [20] above). On one side of the scale is
the public interest in the administration of justice while on the other, there
is the need to protect privacy and confidential information. Next, the Court
of Appeal pointed out in _Pertamina_ (see [22] above) that the undertaking is
owed to the Court, not to the party against whom discovery is ordered.
Therefore, it is not an absolute principle and the court has the discretion to
release or modify the undertaking (see _Reebok_ at [24] above).

27 Finally, none of the local cases have decided on the specific issue that
was before me. In the light of this, the task fell on me to determine where
the appropriate balance should be struck in Singapore. In arriving at my
decision, I first considered the positions in other common law jurisdictions.

England

Common law position

28 In _Harman v Secretary of State for the Home Department_ [1983] 1 AC 280 (“
_Harman_ ”), the House of Lords, by a bare majority of 3-2, decided that the
_Riddick_ principle continues to apply even to documents which had been used
in open court. In _Harman_ , the plaintiff’s solicitor passed to a journalist
documents which had been obtained through discovery in a suit in which she was
acting as solicitor for the plaintiff. These documents had already been read
out in open court in the course of the hearing. The majority (Lord Diplock,
Lord Keith of Kinkel and Lord Roskill) held that the solicitor was
nevertheless guilty of contempt for having disclosed the document in breach of
the _Riddick_ principle.

29 Lord Scarman (with whom Lord Simon of Glaisdale agreed), in delivering a
speech disagreeing with the majority, said (at 313):

… A balance has to be struck between two interests of the law - on the one
hand, the protection of a litigant's private right to keep his documents to
himself notwithstanding his duty to disclose them to the other side in the
litigation, and, on the other, the protection of the right, which the law
recognises, subject to certain exceptions, as the right of everyone, to speak
freely, and to impart information and ideas, upon matters of public knowledge.

In our view, a just balance is struck if the obligation endures only so long
as the documents themselves are private and confidential. Once the litigant's
private right to keep his documents to himself has been overtaken by their
becoming public knowledge, we can see no reason why the undertaking given when
they were confidential should continue to apply to them.

Later in his speech, Lord Scarman said (at 316):

To sum up this part of the argument, the common law by its recognition of the
principle of open justice ensures that the public administration of justice
will be subject to public scrutiny. Such scrutiny serves no purpose unless it
is accompanied by the rights of free speech, i.e. the right publicly to
report, to discuss, to comment, to criticise, to impart and to receive ideas
and information on the matters subjected to scrutiny. Justice is done in
public so that it may be discussed and criticised in public. Moreover, trials
will sometimes expose matters of public interest worthy of discussion other
than the judicial task of doing justice between the parties in the particular
case. It cannot be desirable that public discussion of such matters is to be
discouraged or obstructed by refusing to allow a litigant and his advisers,
who learnt of them through the discovery of documents in their action, to use
the documents in public discussion after they have become public knowledge.

30 The difference between the majority and minority lies in the latter’s
recognition of the place of the principle of open justice in the balancing
exercise. The principle of open justice is traceable to the seminal House of
Lords decision in _Scott v Scott_ [1913] AC 417. Moore-Bick J provided the
following summary of the principle of open justice in _Dian AO v Davis Frankel
& Mead (a firm) and another (OOO Alfa-Eco and another intervening)_ [2005] 1
WLR 2951 (at [28]):

28 … For the reasons set out in the speech of Lord Shaw in _Scott v Scott_ …
it has long been recognised that if justice is to be properly administered it
is essential that the decisions of the courts and the decision making process
itself be open to public scrutiny. It is for that reason that in all but
exceptional cases hearings are conducted in public, judgment is delivered in
public and proceedings can be freely reported.

31 The majority in _Harman_ was of the opinion that the principle of open
justice did not feature in the balancing exercise. Lord Diplock (who formed
part of the majority) said at the very beginning of his speech (at 299):

My Lords, in a case which has attracted a good deal of publicity it may assist
in clearing up misconceptions if I start by saying what the case is _not_
about. It is _not_ about freedom of speech, freedom of the press, openness of
justice or documents coming into “the public domain”; nor, with all respect to
those of your Lordships who think the contrary, does it in my opinion call for
consideration of any of those human rights and fundamental freedoms which in
the European Convention on Human Rights are contained in separate articles
each starting with a statement in absolute terms but followed immediately by
very broadly stated exceptions.

[emphasis in original]

The majority then reasoned that the _Riddick_ principle did not terminate even
when the documents had been used and read in open court as holding otherwise
would discourage full and frank discovery of documents and thus impede the
proper administration of justice (_eg_ , _per_ Lord Keith at 308–309). The
minority, on the other hand, was of the view that allowing such an exception
to the _Riddick_ principle would not impede discovery proceedings and the
administration of justice because litigants would be aware of the risk
produced by public trial (_ie_ , the near certainty that their documents would
be produced and read in the course of proceedings, thus entering the public
domain) and such an exception would not diminish that risk (_per_ Lord Scarman
at 315–316).

32 A difficulty faced by the majority in _Harman_ was the treatment of
transcripts of court proceedings. Transcripts are clearly not subject to any
implied undertaking because of the principle of open justice. Therefore, had
the solicitor disclosed to the journalist transcripts (which captured the
entire document since it had been assumed that the entire document was read
out in court), she would not have been in contempt. Yet by disclosing the
document itself, she would be in contempt. Lord Diplock said that this was a
hypothetical in the extreme (at 305). Lord Keith said that whatever the
position might have been with transcripts, the solicitor was not in a position
to disclose the documents and save the journalist time (by not having to wait
for the transcripts) (at 309). Lord Roskill noted the strength of these
arguments. However, he also pointed out at 324 that as it might be a matter of
chance whether the document was actually read in court, the exception, in
whatever way crafted, might operate capriciously.

33 The House of Lords also took judicial notice of a common practice, which
involved counsel in civil litigation allowing reporters present at the hearing
to view the copies of documents disclosed by either party and read out in
court to allow the reporters to check the accuracy of the reports of the
proceedings that they were preparing. Lord Diplock dealt with the practice as
follows(at 307):

Whether this be so or whether, as Dunn L.J. preferred to put it in the Court
of Appeal, any contempt of court that might be involved, if not excluded under
the de minimis rule, would at most be only technical is not, however, of any
practical importance. As was held in _Scott v. Scott_ any contempt of court of
this kind would be civil. The court would not have jurisdiction to deal with
it except on motion by the other party to the action and if the person showing
the document to the reporter had no reason to suppose that the party whose
document it was would object to his doing so, the court in the proper exercise
of its discretion could dismiss the motion with costs.

Lord Keith, though, was of the view that there were hazards in the practice.
If there was doubt as to whether the party who had disclosed the documents
would approve of it being shown, the documents should not be disclosed to
journalists without approval (see 309). Lord Roskill, on the other hand, was
of the view that such a practice was not in contempt of court and admitted an
exception “in favour of those who engage in day-by-day reporting” (at 327).

34 In _Sybron_ , Scott J added a further gloss on the holding of _Harman_. He
said (at 321–322):

Mr. Brodie accepts that these three attendance notes, each of which was
contained in a document produced by the bank in the main action pursuant to
the subpoena, were together with all the other documents so produced or
subsequently discovered protected by the implied undertaking. He submits,
however, that once documents have been incorporated into a judgment of which
there is a written record, such as a transcript, the undertaking does not
prevent information being obtained from that record and used for any purpose
the extractor of the information may wish. The undertaking, he submits,
prevents the use of information obtained directly from the discovered
documents but it does not, he says, prevent the use of information if the
information is obtained from some other source. In the instant case the other
source is the transcript of Walton J.'s judgment. The source might equally
well, in another case, take the form of counsel's or a journalist's notes of
an extempore judgment. The principle would, if Mr. Brodie is right, apply also
to written records of counsel's speeches or witnesses' testimony. If in the
course of such speeches or such testimony the contents of a discovered
document were read, the undertaking would not, submits Mr. Brodie, prevent the
use of information about the documents derived from a written record of the
speech or testimony. And the same would presumably be said to be the case if
reliance were placed on the memory rather than on a written record of what has
been said in open court. I am unable to accept the submission. It is
necessary, in my judgment, to distinguish between the party on whom the
undertaking is imposed on the one hand and third parties on the other hand.
The undertaking binds the former, it does not bind the latter, who have given
no undertaking. … Mr. Brodie seeks from this premise to argue that if the
solicitor had obtained a transcript of the proceedings she could have used
such information about the documents as could be derived from the transcript
without regard to the undertaking that she had given. It is correct that
nothing in _Home Office v. Harman_ expressly states the contrary. Mr. Brodie's
proposition was not in point in that case. But his proposition does not, in my
judgment, follow from his premise. The reason why the journalist or any third
party could have used information derived from a transcript is that third
parties have not given and are not bound by any undertaking. If proceedings
are held in open court information derived from any record of those
proceedings can be used by third parties without regard to undertakings which
may bind the parties thereto or their solicitors. But the position of the
parties themselves depends not on what third parties may be able to do but on
the scope of the undertaking that binds them. The purpose of the undertaking
is to protect, so far as is consistent with the proper prosecution of the
action, the confidentiality of the party's private documents, and thereby to
encourage the full and proper disclosure of documents that the administration
of justice requires. It seems to me unacceptably inconsistent with that
purpose that the protection of the undertaking should be lost on account of
the fortuitous reading in open court of the document.

The effect of _Sybron_ was that court transcripts could be used by third
parties but not by the party who had obtained discovery of the document.

Statutory change in England

35 The position in _Harman_ and _Sybron_ no longer represents the position in
England. The impetus for the change was neatly summarised in _SmithKline
Beecham Biologicals SA v Connaught Laboratories Inc_ [1999] 4 All ER 498:

The law as established in _Home Office v Harman_ was challenged before the
European Commission of Human Rights, and the challenge was amicably settled on
an undertaking by Her Majesty’s Government to seek to change the law so that
it would no longer be a contempt of court to make public material contained in
documents compulsorily disclosed in civil proceedings once those documents had
been read out in open court (see _Bibby Bulk Carriers Ltd v Cansulex Ltd, The
Cambridgeshire_ [1988] 2 All ER 820 at 824, [1989] QB 155 at 159 per Hirst J).
That undertaking was honoured by the introduction of what is now Ord 24, r
14A, which reads:

“Any undertaking, whether express or implied, not to use a document for any
purposes other than those of the proceedings in which it is disclosed shall
cease to apply to such a document after it has been read to or by the Court,
or referred to, in open Court, unless the court for special reasons has
otherwise ordered on the application of a party or of the person to whom the
document belongs”.

36 The English position is now captured in the Civil Procedure Rules 1998 (SI
1998 No 3132) (UK) (“CPR”) in r 31.22, which reads:

(1) A party to whom a document has been disclosed may use the document only
for the purpose of the proceedings in which it is disclosed, except where –

(a) the document has been read to or by the court, or referred to, at a
hearing which has been held in public;

(b) the court gives permission; or

(c) the party who disclosed the document and the person to whom the document
belongs agree.

(2) The court may make an order restricting or prohibiting the use of a
document which has been disclosed, even where the document has been read to or
by the court, or referred to, at a hearing which has been held in public.

(3) An application for such an order may be made –

(a) by a party; or

(b) by any person to whom the document belongs.

37 As is immediately evident, Lord Scarman’s position in _Harman_ is now the
law in England. Through r 31.22 of the CPR, the English legislature enshrined
the principle of open justice (since documents can be used only if they are
read to or by the court, or referred to, at a hearing which is held in
_public_) in the balancing exercise. It must be noted that an application can
still be made to the court - by the party against whom discovery is ordered or
the person to whom the document belongs - to prevent further use of such
documents. It is also worthwhile to note that no reference has been made to
the treatment of transcripts. However, it stands to reason that if the party
who had obtained a document through discovery can use the document once it is
aired in open court, no legitimate reason exists to prevent the use of
transcripts which refer to that document.

Australia

38 At the federal level, the current position is similar to the minority
position in _Harman_ and the current English approach. Rule 20.03 of the
Federal Court Rules 2011 (Australia) reads as follows:

(1) If a document is read or referred to in open court in a way that discloses
its contents, any express order or implied undertaking not to use the document
except in relation to a particular proceeding no longer applies.

(2) However, a party, or a person to whom the document belongs, may apply to
the Court for an order that the order or undertaking continue to apply to the
document.

39 There are various positions taken among the Australian states. Rule 21.7 of
New South Wales’ Uniform Civil Procedure Rules 2005 is similar in its effect
to the federal legislation. The positions in Victoria, South Australia and
Western Australia are still governed by common law.

40 In _British American Tobacco Australian Services Ltd v Cowell_ (_No 2_)
(2003) 8 VR 571 (“ _British American Tobacco_ ”), the Victorian Court of
Appeal followed and applied the majority approach in _Harman_. The court found
no reason why a party would be freed of the implied undertaking only because
the document had been used in open court (at [48]). The court at [36] also
agreed with Lord Roskill’s criticism in _Harman_ of the concept of “public
domain” as “of doubtful precision”. However, the court in _British American
Tobacco_ expressed doubt as to the correctness of the proposition in _Sybron_
that the party under the implied undertaking was prevented from even making
use of transcripts of proceedings (at [28]).

41 On the other hand, in _K & S Corporation Ltd & Anor v Number 1 Betting Shop
Ltd & Ors_ [2005] SASC 228 (“ _K & S Corporation_”), the Supreme Court of
South Australia, after considering the position taken in _British American
Tobacco_ , declined to follow the majority approach in _Harman_ and instead
adopted Lord Scarman’s approach (at [68]). The court was persuaded that the
majority approach in _Harman_ created a rule which operated unequally between
the person who had obtained the document through discovery and third parties;
this would be “likely to erode confidence in [the rule]” (at [65]). The court
opined that Lord Scarman’s approach was more consistent with the principle of
open justice (at [66]).

42 In _Uniflex (Australia) Pty Ltd v Hanneybel_ [2001] WASC 138, the Supreme
Court of Western Australia cited Lord Scarman’s approach in _Harman_ with
approval (at [144]–[149]). However, the court was not required to decide the
issue or to adopt Lord Scarman’s approach as it decided that “the information
reflected in the document was not brought to light as a consequence of the
requirements of the Court concerning discovery” and thus the principle had no
application in the case (at [148]–[149]).

Canada

43 In _Suzette F Juman v Jade Kathleen Ledenko Doucette_ [2008] 1 SCR 157, the
Supreme Court of Canada (hearing an appeal from the Court of Appeal for
British Columbia) declined to follow the majority in _Harman_. According to
the Supreme Court, the undertaking is spent when “an adverse party
incorporates the answers or documents obtained on discovery as part of the
court record at trial…” (at [51]).

44 In Ontario, the position is governed by legislation. Rules 30.1.01(3)–(8)
of the Rules of Civil Procedure (O Reg 575/07, s 6(1)) (Canada) read as
follows:

**Deemed Undertaking**

(3) All parties and their lawyers are deemed to undertake not to use evidence
or information to which this Rule applies for any purposes other than those of
the proceeding in which the evidence was obtained.

**Exceptions**

(4) Subrule (3) does not prohibit a use to which the person who disclosed the
evidence consents.

(5) Subrule (3) does not prohibit the use, for any purpose, of,

(a) evidence that is filed with the court;

(b) evidence that is given or referred to during a hearing;

(c) information obtained from evidence referred to in clause (a) or (b).

(6) Subrule (3) does not prohibit the use of evidence obtained in one
proceeding, or information obtained from such evidence, to impeach the
testimony of a witness in another proceeding.

(7) Subrule (3) does not prohibit the use of evidence or information in
accordance with subrule 31.11 (8) (subsequent action).

**Order that Undertaking does not Apply**

(8) If satisfied that the interest of justice outweighs any prejudice that
would result to a party who disclosed evidence, the court may order that
subrule (3) does not apply to the evidence or to information obtained from it,
and may impose such terms and give such directions as are just.

The Ontario position is broader than the English position since in the former,
the implied undertaking ceases the moment the document is _filed_ in court or
given or referred to during a hearing. In the latter, the document must have
actually been used in open court. This difference, however, was not material
to the issue that was before me since the 14 April Minutes had been referred
to in open court (see [9] above).

Hong Kong

45 In Hong Kong, O 24 r 14A of the Rules of the High Court (Chapter 4A, GN
25/1998) provides the following:

**Use of Documents** (O. 24, r. 14A)

Any undertaking, whether express or implied, not to use a document for any
purposes other than those of the proceedings in which it is disclosed shall
cease to apply to such document after it has been read to or by the Court, or
referred to, in open court, unless the Court for special reasons has otherwise
ordered on the application of a party or of the person to whom the document
belongs.

This provision was modelled after the previous versions of the current English
statute. Furthermore, in _Allied Group Ltd v Secretary for Justice_ [2003]
HKEC 1221 (at [38]), the Hong Kong Court of Appeal criticised the decision of
_Sybron_ in deciding that a party could only be prevented from using “unused
material” of a prior proceeding but could not be prevented from making use of
transcripts of the prior proceeding.

New Zealand

46 In New Zealand, the position is similar to the current position in England.
Rule 8.30(4) of the Rules of High Court (New Zealand) provides as follows:

(4) A party who obtains a document by way of inspection or who makes a copy of
a document under this rule—

(a) may use that document or copy only for the purposes of the proceeding; and

(b) except for the purposes of the proceeding, must not make it available to
any other person (unless it has been read out in open court).

47 The parenthesis in sub-r (b), which establishes the minority position in
_Harman_ , was introduced on 1 February 2012. However, even before this, New
Zealand’s Court of Appeal, in _Wilson v White_ [2005] 3 NZLR 619 (“ _Wilson_
”), had declined to follow the majority approach in _Harman_. Instead, the
court adopted Lord Scarman’s minority approach in _Harman_ (at [48]). This was
despite the absence of the parenthesis in sub-r (b) above, which in effect
almost created a statutory prohibition (the provision then in force was
reproduced in _Wilson_ at [23]). The court adopted the current English
position because it gave greater priority to the principle of open justice (at
[49]).

The appropriate balance in Singapore

48 Before me, considerable arguments were made based on these sections of the
Application of English Law Act (Chapter 7A, 1994 Rev Ed) (“AELA”):

**Application of common law and equity**

**3.** —(1) The common law of England (including the principles and rules of
equity), so far as it was part of the law of Singapore immediately before 12th
November 1993, shall continue to be part of the law of Singapore.

(2) The common law shall continue to be in force in Singapore, as provided by
subsection (1), so far as it is applicable to the circumstances of Singapore
and its inhabitants and subject to such modifications as those circumstances
may require.

…

**Other enactments not part of law of Singapore**

**5.** —(1) Except as provided in this Act, no English enactment shall be part
of the law of Singapore.

49 Mr Harry Elias SC submitted that _Harman_ and _Sybron_ represented the
common law position before 1993. He further submitted that, by virtue of s
3(1) of the AELA, I was therefore bound to apply the positions established by
those cases. He further submitted that s 5(1) precluded the court from
considering the legislative changes that had occurred in England following
_Harman_. Mr Tan Chuan Thye, on the other hand, submitted that s 3(1) only
applied to import substantive common law and equity principles and not
procedural rules of the common law. According to him, since the _Riddick_
principle was procedural in nature, s 3(1) had no effect. In the alternative,
he submitted that s 3(2) nevertheless provided an avenue for the court to
modify the common law principles in their application to Singapore.

50 To me, the correct position is that s 3(1) read with s 3(2) declare that
all of the common law of England (including the principles and rules of
equity, and other substantive and procedural rules that have become part of
the common law of England) in so far as it was part of the law of Singapore
immediately before 12th November 1993, shall continue to be part of the law of
Singapore subject to such modifications that are required to make it
applicable to the circumstances of Singapore and its inhabitants. The effect
of s 5(1) is to make clear that English enactments are not automatically part
of our law, but it does not prohibit the court from considering the effect of
those enactments when developing our own common law and when determining what
modifications pursuant to s 3(2) are applicable having regard to the
circumstances of Singapore and its inhabitants.

51 This reading of the AELA is consistent with the speech of the then Minister
for Law, Prof S Jayakumar (“the Minister”), in the second reading of the
Application of English Law Bill (_Singapore Parliamentary Debates, Official
Report_ (12 October 1993) vol 61 at cols 611–613) (“the Second Reading
Speech”):

Let me now deal with the specific provisions of the Bill. Clause 3 is a
declaratory provision of the existing legal position. _It preserves the corpus
of English common law (including the principles and rules of equity) that now
applies or has been received in Singapore as part of the law of Singapore._ It
is not intended to change the legal position as regards the applicability of
the common law of England, which to the extent that it continues to apply, is
subject to such modifications as the circumstances may require. …

…

Let me now deal with clause 5 of the Bill, which is also a key provision.
Under this clause, no English enactment shall be part of the law of Singapore
except as provided in the Bill. The effect is that no pre-1826 English statute
and no Imperial Act (other than the three Imperial Acts preserved in the First
Schedule) will have _any force of law in Singapore_. This clause will remove
once and for all the possibility of some obscure English statute which no one
in Singapore is aware of being one day held to be applicable here.

[emphasis added]

Furthermore, the Court of Appeal in _Review Publishing Co Ltd and another v
Lee Hsien Loong and another appeal_ [2010] 1 SLR 52 (“ _Review Publishing_ ”)
explained the effect of s 3 of the AELA as follows (at [247]):

Implicit in s 3(1) of the AELA is the principle that the **body of English
common law** which was part of the law of Singapore immediately before the
cut-off date of 12 November 1993 (“pre-AELA English common law”) continues to
be the law of Singapore, _but not otherwise_. After that cut-off date, the
common law of Singapore would be the common law as declared and developed by
our courts. Furthermore, it should be noted that, although pre-AELA English
common law continues to be part of our law today by virtue of s 3(1) of the
AELA, it continues to be in force here only “[in] so far as it is applicable
to the circumstances of Singapore and its inhabitants and subject to such
modifications as those circumstances may require” (see s 3(2) of the AELA). In
other words, the application of pre-AELA English common law in Singapore _both
before and after_ the cut-off date of 12 November 1993 is subject to local
circumstances (see the Second Charter of Justice _vis-à-vis_ the position
prior to 12 November 1993 and s 3(2) of the AELA _vis-à-vis_ the position
after that date).

[emphasis in original in italics; emphasis added in bold]

52 Neither the Minister nor the Court of Appeal made any distinction between
the substantive and procedural rules of the common law. In fact, the Minister
referred to the “ _corpus_ of English common law” while the Court of Appeal
referred to the “ _body_ of English common law”. If it was indeed the
intention of s 3 to exclude the procedural rules of the English common law and
include only the substantive rules of the English common law, I would imagine
that it would be made clearer either in the express words of the statute, the
Second Reading Speech of the Minister or even by the Court of Appeal in
_Review Publishing_. With regards to s 5(1), the Minister in the Second
Reading Speech clarified that no English statute would have any _force of law
in Singapore_ (other than the three Imperial Acts preserved in the First
Schedule). As further explained, this was to “remove the possibility of some
obscure English statute which no one in Singapore is aware of being one day
held to be applicable here” (see [51] above). However, there is no indication
that s 5(1) operates to prevent the court from even considering English
enactments when developing the common law in Singapore and when determining
what modifications pursuant to s 3(2) are applicable having regard to the
particular circumstances of Singapore and its inhabitants. If this was indeed
the case, an untenable position would ensue since s 5(1) only refers to
English statutes and therefore the court would only be precluded from
considering English statutes but not statutes from other jurisdictions besides
England when developing our common law in a manner that would be applicable to
the circumstances of Singapore and its inhabitants.

53 Therefore, in the circumstances of the present case, I may adopt either the
majority or minority approach in _Harman_ depending on which is applicable and
more appropriate to the circumstances of Singapore. In doing so, I may
consider any English enactments post-1993 including any other enactments and
the common law in other jurisdictions in so far as they are relevant.

54 After careful consideration, I found that the _Riddick_ principle ceased to
apply once a document had been used in open court. I adopted Lord Scarman’s
approach for three reasons. Firstly, it gives greater priority to the
principle of open justice in the balancing exercise. Secondly, it is not beset
with the same difficulties and anomalies as the majority approach in _Harman_.
Thirdly, it is the route by which most common law jurisdictions have gone
down, either through the common law or by statutory changes. I thus considered
Lord Scarman’s approach to be applicable to the circumstances of Singapore as
a progressive common law jurisdiction.

The principle of open justice

55 As mentioned above at [26], the _Riddick_ principle and its boundaries are
determined by a balancing exercise which requires the consideration of two
factors that are on either side of the scale—the administration of justice and
the right to privacy and confidentiality.

56 The administration of justice is what compels discovery since it allows the
court to ascertain the truth and do justice between the parties. To this end,
those who advocate the majority position in _Harman_ claim that holding that
the _Riddick_ principle ceases when a document is used in open court
undermines the administration of justice because it impedes proper discovery,
as parties would not be forthcoming during the discovery process. I think this
argument is misplaced.

57 Firstly, discovery is not a voluntary process. Rather, it is an obligation
since it a court-ordered process under O 24 r 1 of the Rules of Court (Cap
322, R 5, 2006 Rev Ed) (“ROC”). In fact, the significance of the obligation is
demonstrated in the consequences of non-compliance. The court, under O 24 r
16, has a whole host of sanctions which include committal proceedings or even
the dismissal of the claim or striking out of a defence and entering of
judgment. In this regard, it is also pertinent to note that a solicitor under
the Legal Profession (Professional Conduct) Rules (Cap 161, R 1, 2010 Rev Ed)
has an ethical duty to cease to act if he becomes aware of the existence of a
document which should have been but has not been disclosed on discovery and
the client fails forthwith to disclose it (r 58(_b_)). Therefore, whatever
concern that the administration of justice may be impeded because discovery
may be discouraged, should the _Riddick_ principle no longer apply once the
document is used in open court, would be adequately addressed by the sanctions
which may be imposed on the non-complying party or even the errant solicitor.

58 Secondly, even though the _Riddick_ principle ceases once the document has
been used in open court, it does not prevent a party from applying to court in
order for the undertaking to continue. As mentioned above at [26], the court
has the discretion to release or modify the undertaking. In England, the
current position is that a party who discloses or owns the document can apply
to court for an order restricting or prohibiting the use of a document which
has been disclosed even where the document has been read to or by the court,
or referred to, at the hearing which has been held in public (see [36] above).
Since the _Riddick_ principle has its juridical foundations in the common law
and the court can modify the undertaking, I see no reason why such an approach
cannot be adopted in Singapore. Therefore, any fear that discovery might be
discouraged evaporates once a party realises that it may apply to court for
the _Riddick_ principle (and thus the implied undertaking) to continue despite
the document being used in open court.

59 The crucial question that remains is whether the principle of open justice
is engaged and so, whether it features in the balancing exercise under the
rubric of administration of justice. This is to me, the nub of the
disagreement in _Harman_ (see above at [30]). In Singapore, the principle of
open justice is given statutory recognition in s 8(1) of the Supreme Court of
Judicature Act (Cap 322, 2007 Rev Ed) which provides the following:

**8.** —(1) The place in which any court is held for the purpose of trying any
cause or matter, civil or criminal, shall be deemed an open and public court
to which the public generally may have access.

The principle of open justice was also discussed in _Tan Chi Min v The Royal
Bank of Scotland plc_ [2013] 4 SLR 529. There the main question was when court
documents, such as affidavits filed pursuant to interlocutory applications,
should be made available for public access and inspection. Lee Seiu Kin J
observed (at [14]):

14 In sum, the principle of open justice requires that decisions by judges
(and Registrars) in court proceedings be amenable to scrutiny by members of
the public through the inspection of documents filed in court that were
considered in the decision-making process. This serves to promote public
confidence in the administration of justice. However, it does not mean that
all court documents are open to inspection by members of the public the moment
they are filed in court, for the principle of open justice is engaged only
when a court has made a decision involving the consideration of those
documents.

60 In the present case, the document in question had been used in open court
in a prior hearing. The principle of open justice is clearly engaged.
Therefore, by holding that the _Riddick_ principle ceases once a document is
used in open court, proper deference and recognition is given to the principle
of open justice.

Difficulties with the majority approach in Harman

61 Another reason for holding that the minority approach in _Harman_ should be
adopted was the difficulties the majority approach was fraught with. As seen
above at [32], the majority approach draws a distinction between the document
itself and the transcripts (which may contain the entire document if it is
read in court). The former is subject to the _Riddick_ principle but not the
latter. I, for much the same reasons as the judge in _K & S Corporation_, find
such a distinction between the document disclosed and the transcripts to be
untenable. The absurdity of this situation is further shown by _Sybron_ (see
[34] above) which held that the party to whom the document was disclosed
cannot make use of even the transcripts while third parties may avail
themselves of them. Apart from ignoring the principle of open justice, this
holding creates an unjustifiable distinction between the party to whom the
document was disclosed and third parties when it comes to the use of
transcripts. It is also worthwhile to note that even in _British American
Tobacco_ (at [40]), where the majority position was preferred, the court
criticised the decision of _Sybron_.

62 The difficulty with the _Harman_ majority approach is also highlighted by
the three different approaches each of the law Lords took with regards to the
common practice mentioned at [33]. The minority approach is not beset with
such difficulties.

63 A criticism levelled at the minority approach is that the concept of
“public domain” is “of doubtful precision” (see [40] above). I do not share
these misgivings. As explained by Debelle J in _K & S Corporation_ at [67], it
is simply “used to describe that which was once confidential but which has
become public knowledge.” Debelle J further explained that the difficulty lies
mainly with deciding, as a question of fact, when the document has become
public knowledge. To me, there is sufficient clarity in the view that a
document is used in open court if it is read to or by the court, or referred
to in the course of a hearing.

64 Mr Harry Elias SC also directed me to the following passage from the Court
of Appeal in _Pertamina_ :

40 The principles embodied in _Riddick_ are straightforward enough, and its
rationale equally clear (and for a comprehensive and relatively recent
summary, see the English High Court decision of _Cobra Golf Inc v Rata_ [1996]
FSR 819 at 830-832). There are occasional difficulties surrounding the precise
parameters of the principle (see, for example, the House of Lords decision of
_Harman v Secretary of State for the Home Department_ [1983] 1 AC 280,
although the statutory changes effected thereafter (in the UK context) appear
to have generated separate difficulties (see _Gee_ ([19]_supra_) at paras
24.002-24.003)). Fortunately, they do not arise on the facts of the present
proceedings.

The main difficulty referred to in Steven Gee, _Commercial Injunctions_ (Sweet
& Maxwell, 5thEd, 2004) at paras 24.002–24.003 was the width of the release of
the undertaking, specifically, whether it went so far “as enabling a person to
commence new proceedings based on previously protected information”. In
_Taylor and Another v Director of the Serious Fraud Office and Others_ [1999]
2 AC 177 (“ _Taylor_ ”), the House of Lords held that in the context of
criminal proceedings, there was an implied undertaking by the defendant not to
use the materials disclosed other than for purposes of the defence since
allowing otherwise would have a chilling effect on investigative processes.
Lord Hoffmann, in accepting the possibility that the new English position
might have been drawn too widely, considered at 212 that there was “much
force” in the view that the court “should nevertheless retain control over
certain collateral uses of the documents, including the bringing of libel
proceedings.” _Taylor_ was of limited application in the current case because
of the different regimes in place for disclosure of documents in criminal
proceedings in England and Singapore. With reference to Lord Hoffmann’s point,
I was cognisant of the fact that _Harman_ involved disclosure to a journalist,
who subsequently wrote a scathing article, while the situation here was
slightly different in that the plaintiff wished to institute a fresh suit
based on matters disclosed in the 14 April Minutes. However, I did not believe
this difference was significant enough to warrant a different approach.

The position taken in other jurisdictions

65 The third and final reason why I favour the minority approach in _Harman_
is that it has been the preferred approach around most of the common law
world. Courts in New Zealand, South Australia, Western Australia and the
Supreme Court of Canada have taken it upon themselves to develop the common
law along the lines of the minority in _Harman_. In addition to this,
legislatures in Australia (both at the federal level and in New South Wales),
Hong Kong, Ontario and New Zealand have made changes modelling the current
English approach.

Conclusion

66 To summarise, the _Riddick_ principle ceases to apply once a document is
used in open court. However, the party who discloses the document or a party
who owns the document may apply to the court for the implied undertaking to
continue.

67 The Defendants, who disclosed the 14 April Minutes pursuant to their
discovery obligations in the Year 2006 Suit, made no application to the judge
during the open court hearing in which the document in question was used to
order the continuation of the undertaking so that no party could use that
document subsequently in other court proceedings.

68 Since the 14 April Minutes was used in open court and the court had not
made any order for the undertaking to continue, I accordingly held that the
plaintiff could use the document in the current suit and ordered the trial to
continue.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 29 Jan 2015 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

