Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Westacre Investments Inc _v_ The State-Owned Company Yugoimport SDPR (also
known as Jugoimport-SDPR) and others  
[2015] SGHC 143

Case Number| :| Originating Summons No 1311 of 2004  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 27 May 2015  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Edmund Leow JC  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Giam Chin Toon S.C., Tan Hsuan Boon and Mark Lee (M/s Wee
Swee Teow & Co) for the plaintiff; Gabriel Peter and Govindarajan Asokan (M/s
Gabriel Law Corporation) for the first and second defendants; Paul Tan Wei
Chean and Wong Yoke Cheng Leona (M/s Allen & Gledhill LLP) for the third
defendant; Lee Eng Beng S.C., Paul Tan and Sarah Hew (M/s Rajah & Tann LLP)
instructed by Suresh Damodara (M/s Damodara Hazra LLP) for the fourth and
fifth defendants.  
Parties| :|  Westacre Investments Inc — The State-Owned Company Yugoimport
SDPR (also known as Jugoimport-SDPR) — Deuteron (Asia) Pte Ltd — DnB Nor Bank
ASA Singapore Branch — Teleoptik - Ziroskopi — Zrak - Teslic — Cajevac
(Previously Known as Rudi Cajavec)  
  
[LawNet Editorial Note: The appeal to this decision in Civil Appeal No 121 of
2015 was dismissed while the appeals in Civil Appeals Nos 117, 118 and 134 of
2015 were allowed by the Court of Appeal on 31 August 2016. See [2016] SGCA
51.]

27 May 2015| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Edmund Leow JC:

Introduction and Background

1 This case marks the latest chapter of a judgment creditor’s long and
circuitous journey to realise an arbitral award that was made in its favour
more than 20 years ago. In February 1994, Westacre Investments Inc (“the JC”)
prevailed in arbitration proceedings against the judgment debtor, which is now
known as The State-Owned Company Yugoimport SDPR or Jugoimport-SDPR (“the
JD”). A dispute had arisen over an agreement in which the JC agreed to provide
consultancy services to the JD, which was a supplier of defence equipment in
the former Yugoslavia. The arbitral tribunal found the JD liable to pay a sum
of more than US$50m. Attempts were made to enforce the award in various
jurisdictions; in March 1998, the JC managed to obtain a judgment in the
English High Court for more than £41m. In 2004, the saga started to unfold in
Singapore. Court proceedings here began after the JC uncovered evidence that
the JD’s subsidiary – a Singapore company now called Deuteron (Asia) Pte Ltd
(“Deuteron”) – maintained the JD’s funds in bank accounts with DnB Nor Bank
ASA Singapore Branch, a Norwegian bank with a Singapore branch (“the Bank”).
As of March 2009, the funds amounted to more than US$17m.

2 The JC thus moved to garnish the funds to partially satisfy its judgment
debt. It applied to register the English judgment in Singapore on 5 October
2004. By 28 October 2004, the JC had obtained a Mareva injunction – which
remains in force – to freeze Deuteron’s accounts with the Bank. The JC then
filed two summonses on 28 April 2005 for provisional garnishee orders against
Deuteron and the Bank. These summonses were filed on the back of the Notes to
Deuteron’s annual financial statements for the financial years between June
1998 and June 2003, which stated that the funds belonged “wholly and
exclusively” to the JD. The affidavit of Mr Lim Poh Weng (“Mr Lim”) dated 10
November 2004 and filed on behalf of Deuteron also stated that Deuteron held
funds of about US$15m in the bank accounts “for and on behalf” of the JD. The
day after the two summonses were filed, the court issued garnishee orders to
show cause, which were served on the Bank, Deuteron and the JD.

3 But just when the JC thought that its wait was over, the JD applied in June
2005 to set aside the registration of the English judgment. The JD had argued
that the English judgment should not be registered in Singapore as it was no
longer enforceable in England due to the time period that had elapsed. The
application made its way to the Court of Appeal, which on 9 May 2007, directed
the JC to refer to the English courts the question of whether the English
judgment remained enforceable. Tomlinson J in _Westacre Investments Inc (a
company incorporated under the laws of Panama) v The State-Owned Company
Yugoimport SDPR (also known as Jugoimport-SDPR)_ [2008] 1 All ER (Comm) 780
answered the question in the affirmative. On 30 December 2008, our Court of
Appeal dismissed the JD’s application.

4 As the garnishee proceedings resumed, three new parties – Teleoptik-
Ziroskopi, Zrak-Teslic and Cajevec (“the Other Parties”) – entered the scene
to stake a claim to the funds. To that end, affidavits were filed in February
and March 2009 by the Other Parties, JD and Deuteron (“the Defendants”), which
made a volte-face. Essentially, all the parties were saying that the funds in
Deuteron’s bank accounts belonged to the Other Parties instead of the JD. The
Defendants each filed summonses for an order that the garnishee proceedings be
converted to a writ action and tried. The JC and the Other Parties also filed
summonses seeking a summary determination of the question of the ownership of
the funds: see _Teleoptik-Ziroskopi and others v Westacre Investments Inc and
other appeals_ [2012] 2 SLR 177 at [8] (“ _Teleoptik-Ziroskopi v Westacre_ ”),
which helpfully recounts the following case developments in the High Court (at
[9]-[11]):

(a) On 24 August 2010, the applications to convert the garnishee proceedings
to a writ action were dismissed. These orders were confirmed on 8 November
2010.

(b) On 21 September 2010, the JD was granted one month to file further
evidence but it missed the deadline.

(c) On 2 November 2010, the JD’s request for a time extension was refused.

(d) On 17 December 2010, the applications of the JD and the Other Parties to
admit further evidence were dismissed.

(e) On 19 May 2011, the High Court summarily determined that the funds
belonged wholly and exclusively to the JD, and made the interim garnishee
orders granted in April 2005 (see [2] above) final.

5 The Defendants filed appeals against the various orders of the High Court
Judge. Having heard all parties, the Court of Appeal (“CA”) in _Teleoptik-
Ziroskopi v Westacre_ allowed the appeals in part. It set aside the order
making the garnishee order absolute and directed a trial to resolve the
disputes of fact. This was how the case came before me.

The Court of Appeal’s decision

6 It is instructive to reproduce the facts canvassed before the CA and its
decision in greater detail for its direct relevance to the present case and as
it suggests some “terms of reference”.

7 The Defendants furnished four documents to support its contention that the
Other Parties were the beneficial owners of the funds. According to them, the
JD – then known as the Federal Directorate of Supply and Procurement – had
contracted with a foreign government on 23 July 1991 to supply it with
military equipment (“the Supply Contract”). However, the JD could only have
concluded the US$54m contract with the consent of the Other Parties, which
were domestic manufacturers that had entered into negotiations with the
foreign buyer over the equipment. The Other Parties had to contract through an
intermediary as under the Yugoslav socialist regime, only the JD was allowed
to enter into military contracts with foreign buyers, unless the government
allowed otherwise. Therefore, the JD was simply operating as the Other
Parties’ “commission agent”, a role that entitled it to about 2.5% of the
contract price for its efforts, including negotiating with the foreign buyer
on contractual terms.

8 As provided for in the Supply Contract, the foreign government sent
US$10,631,624.72 (“the Advance”) to the JD in Yugoslavia so that the Other
Parties could buy raw materials from overseas. The Advance was paid to the
National Bank of Yugoslavia in US currency and was immediately credited to the
JD’s account with the National Bank of Yugoslavia in dinars. As the Yugoslav
dinar faced strong inflationary pressure at the time, the Other Parties wanted
to reconvert the Advance and keep it in US currency, as their payment for the
raw materials were to be made in a foreign currency. Given that currency
controls stood in the way of the Other Parties having a foreign currency
account, the Other Parties and the JD decided that the JD would transfer the
Advance to Deuteron. This agreement was encapsulated in a document dated 21
October 1991 between the JD and Deuteron (“the Pre-Protocol”). The Advance was
subsequently transferred by the JD to Deuteron’s accounts with the Bank, which
received the same sum in US currency on 18 November 1991. The Advance could
still be traced to the funds in Deuteron’s bank accounts.

9 According to the Defendants, the JD and the Other Parties had entered into
an informal or oral commission agreement about four months prior to the actual
commission agreement, Contract No. E/4860-1 (“the Commission Agreement”) that
was dated 12 December 1991. About a fortnight later on 28 December 1991, all
the Defendants entered into a Protocol that “detailed the mechanism by, and
the purposes for which the [Advance] would be paid out” on the instructions of
the Other Parties (“the Protocol”). Appendix 1 of the Protocol also set out,
_inter alia_ , how much of the funds belonged to each of the Other Parties
(US$9,242,868.74) and the amount of the funds payable to the JD and various
foreign agents as commission.

10 However, about six months later, the Monetary Authority of Singapore acted
on a United Nations Security Council resolution by issuing a circular that
required Yugoslavia-related assets to be frozen. As the circular was only
revoked on 20 March 2009, the Other Parties’ alleged assets remained frozen
until then.

11 In view of its version of events, the Defendants submitted that the Other
Parties had an _in rem_ right to the money under the Supply Contract,
notwithstanding that the JD was the contracting party with the foreign buyer.
Therefore, the Other Parties argued that they were the beneficial owners of
the funds in Deuteron’s accounts in the Bank, and the final garnishee orders
should be set aside.

12 The CA, after also considering the JC’s response (see _Teleoptik-Ziroskopi
v Westacre_ at [25]-[34]), concluded that the “crux of the matter was that the
Other Parties should not be deprived of their day in court to show that they
owned the beneficial interest” to the funds. It therefore allowed the appeals
and set aside the order making the garnishment absolute. It said, at [35],
that:

In the context of a summary determination, the Judgment Debtor, Deuteron and
the Other Parties only had to put up an arguable defence that ought to be
resolved at trial. The heart of these appeals was simply whether the Other
Parties, who said the Funds belonged to them, should be allowed their day in
court to prove that claim.

13 The CA disagreed that summary determination was appropriate. The High Court
should have decided on the version of events to accept, as the case was one
where the legal issues that would arise depended largely on the facts. For
example, it was only after factual findings were made that the governing law
of the Commission Agreement could be determined. For example, if the lower
court had found that the Commission Agreement was not a sham but had been
legitimately entered into, certain factors might then be weighed to conclude
if Yugoslav law should apply. These factors included the submissions of the JD
and the Other Parties that the Commission Agreement was “an agreement between
Yugoslavian parties, executed in Yugoslavia and was necessary under
Yugoslavian law and regulations”, and an article in the Commission Agreement
that required disputes to be resolved “by a regular court in Belgrade”.

14 The CA also added that the High Court had seemingly placed “undue emphasis”
on the Deuteron documents – a shareholder resolution dated 8 April 1999 and
the annual audited financial statements – that stated that the funds belonged
“wholly and exclusively” to the JD. This was because the CA felt that the
“critical document” was the Commission Agreement, which described the
relationship between the JD and the Other Parties. The CA also disagreed with
the views of the High Court (which were arrived at after a summary
determination) that the funds in the Bank could not be held on trust by the JD
for the Other Parties, pointing to Appendix 1 of the Protocol (see [9] above).
In allowing for a trial for the Other Parties to show their beneficial
interest in the funds, the CA recognised that the Other Parties might well be
“puppets employed by the [JD] to prolong these proceedings, but that was not
something [they] could assume without clear evidence” (at [44]).

Directions for trial

15 The senior assistant registrar gave directions to the parties for trial on
21 November 2011. He directed that the JC would be the plaintiff while the JD,
Deuteron, the Bank and the Other Parties would be the defendants. In giving
the timelines for the filing of the pleadings, he identified the following
issues to be tried:

(a) Whether there was any debt due or accruing due in any and what amount from
Deuteron and/or the Bank to the JD at the time the provisional garnishee
orders were served;

(b) Whether the funds in Deuteron’s accounts with the Bank belonged
beneficially to the Other Parties since 1991; and

(c) Whether the plaintiff or the defendants bears the burden of proof in this
case.

The burden of proof in the present case

16 The JC submits that the burden of showing cause why an interim or
provisional garnishee order should not be made final is on the JD and the
garnishee, Deuteron. It further submits that a third party that comes forward
to oppose the making final of an interim order is under a similar burden as it
appears to show cause.

17 The JD and Deuteron, as the garnishee, submits that the legal burden should
fall squarely on the JC to prove that there is a debt due or accruing due from
Deuteron and/or the Bank to the JD in order for the funds in the bank accounts
to be garnished. So it “does not mean that merely by obtaining a garnishee
order _nisi_ , the legal burden of proof of the JC to prove the same as
aforesaid is in any way discharged or somehow now shifted to the JD and/or
Deuteron”.

18 The Other Parties submit that the legal burden is on the JC throughout,
whether the garnishee proceedings are at the _nisi_ or show cause stage. While
it is the case that once an order _nisi_ is obtained, the burden shifts to the
parties seeking to resist an order absolute at the show cause stage, this is
merely an _evidential burden_ , and this evidential burden can, in the course
of proceedings, shift back and forth between parties depending on the state of
the evidence. They say that “[it] cannot be that the garnishee or any party
opposing the garnishee proceedings has the legal burden to prove that there is
no debt due or accruing due. It would be a legal burden to prove a negative.”
Therefore, the Other Parties are contending that because they are running a
joint case with JD and Deuteron in opposing the JC’s attempt to garnish the
funds, they bear the same burden as JD and Deuteron, and the burden is an
evidential one.

The nature of garnishee proceedings

19 It is essential to first understand the nature of garnishee proceedings in
order to make sense of the respective burdens of proof borne by the parties in
the present trial. Order 49 of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2014 Rev Ed)
(“the ROC”) provides the rules for garnishee proceedings. O 49 r 1(1) of the
ROC states that:

Where a [judgment creditor] has obtained a judgment or order for the payment
by [the judgment debtor] of money … and any other person within the
jurisdiction ( … the garnishee) is indebted to the judgment debtor, the Court
may … order the garnishee to pay the judgment creditor the amount of any _debt
due or accruing due to the judgment debtor from the garnishee_ , or so much
thereof as is sufficient to satisfy that judgment or order and the costs of
the garnishee proceedings.

20 An application for the court order is made by _ex parte summons_ supported
by an affidavit identifying the judgment or order to be enforced and stating
the amount remaining unpaid under that judgment or order. The applicant must
depose to the best of its information and belief that the garnishee is
indebted to the judgment debtor and state the sources of its information or
grounds for its belief. This is laid out in O 49 r 2 of the ROC. Under O49 r 3
of the ROC, the provisional order must be served on the judgment debtor
(unless the court directs otherwise), and the garnishee so that it has the
opportunity to show cause as to why the order should not be enforced: see also
_Singapore Civil Procedure 2015_ vol I (GP Selvam gen ed) (Sweet & Maxwell
Asia, 2014) at para 49/3/3 (“ _Singapore Civil Procedure_ ”). Therefore, if
the garnishee fails to attend at the appointed time for the consideration of
the matter or does not dispute the debt, the court may go on to make the
garnishee order final: O 49 r 4 of the ROC. There is no full trial at this
stage. However, where the garnishee disputes liability to pay the debt due or
claimed to be due from him to the judgment debtor, the court can summarily
determine the question at issue or order that any question necessary for
determining the liability of the garnishee be “tried in any manner in which
any question or issue in an action may be tried”: O 49 r 5 of the ROC.

21 However, the ROC envisages the situation where it is not the garnishee that
is disputing that there is a debt due or accruing due from it to the JD. There
are situations, as in the present case, where a third party makes a claim to
the money that is sought to be garnished. Strictly speaking, the third party
is not disputing whether there is a debt due from the garnishee to the JD.
What the third party is asserting is that it is entitled to the particular
debt that is sought to be garnished. Therefore, the court should not finalise
the interim garnishee order. This is clear from O 49 r 6(1) of the ROC:

If in garnishee proceedings it is brought to the notice of the Court that some
person other than the judgment debtor is or claims to be entitled to the debt
sought to be attached or has or claims to have a charge or lien upon it, the
Court may order that person to attend before the Court and state the nature of
the claim with particulars thereof.

22 After the court hears the third party, the court can either summarily
determine the questions as between the claimants or make other orders that it
thinks just, including “an order that any question or issue necessary for
determining the validity of the claim of such other person … be tried in a
manner as mentioned in Rule 5”: O 49 r 6(2) of the ROC.

The JC bears the legal burden of showing a debt due or accruing due

23 Having perused the legal submissions and authorities cited by all parties,
I am of the view that the question of whom the legal burden resides on is not
so much determined by whether a party is the plaintiff or defendant in the
entire case, but by the particular issue in the case itself. The senior
assistant registrar had directed for a trial on two substantive issues:
whether there was any debt due or accruing due from Deuteron and/or the Bank
to the JD, and whether the funds in Deuteron’s accounts with the Bank belonged
beneficially to the Other Parties since 1991.

24 While the JD, Deuteron and the Other Parties are all cast as defendants in
the present case, the former issue is really a matter as between the JC, JD
and Deuteron (the Bank is not taking any side in this matter). The JC received
its interim garnishee orders based on an _ex parte summons_ supported by an
affidavit. However, the fact that the JC had previously shown that there was a
debt due or accruing from Deuteron and/or the Bank to the JD for the purposes
of obtaining interim garnishee orders does not mean that the JC has discharged
its legal burden at trial to show that there is a debt due or accruing. There
are several reasons for this. The interim garnishee orders were secured on an
_ex parte_ basis, so the supporting evidence was not tested at trial. Where
there is an arguable dispute, the courts will order a trial of the issue to
determine if a judgment creditor can indeed garnish a debt because it is owed
to the judgment debtor by the garnishee. As counsel for JD and Deuteron
pointed out, we have moved to the stage of judicial proceedings, which means
that pursuant to s 2 of the Evidence Act (Cap 97, Rev Ed 1997) (“EA”), Parts I
to III of the EA apply. Part III of the EA provides for the burden of proof in
judicial proceedings. In particular, s 103(1) of the EA states that the party
who “desires any court to give judgment as to any legal right or liability,
dependent on the existence of facts which he asserts, must prove that those
facts exist”. Therefore, the facts that the JC had previously asserted for the
purpose of securing the interim garnishee orders now have to be proven on a
balance of probabilities.

25 This is supported by Form 104 in the ROC, which has to be completed
pursuant to the order for trial made under O 49 r 5 of the ROC. This form
states that “[it] is ordered that the judgment creditor and the garnishee
proceed to the trial of an issue wherein the said judgment creditor shall be
plaintiff and the said garnishee shall be the defendant, and that the question
to be tried shall be whether there was any debt due or accruing due … from the
garnishee to the judgment debtor …”.

26 Therefore, I hold that the JC has the legal burden of showing, on a balance
of probabilities, that Deuteron and/or the Bank had a debt due or accruing due
to the JD at the time that the interim orders were made.

The Other Parties bear the legal burden of showing ownership of the funds

27 In the present case, the Other Parties have also been cast as defendants
alongside the JD and Deuteron. However, where the burden of proof is
concerned, the Other Parties are not entitled to stand in the same position as
their co-defendants. It is true that all the Defendants are seeking to prevent
the interim garnishee orders from being made final. However, while Deuteron is
merely defending the JC’s claim to the purported debt, the Other Parties are
essentially asserting an ownership claim over that debt. Therefore, the
question of whether the funds in Deuteron’s accounts with the Bank belonged
beneficially to the Other Parties is really a tussle between the Other Parties
and the JC. For this issue, I cannot accept that the JC bears the legal burden
of proving that the funds are _not_ held on trust for the Other Parties. That
would require the JC to prove a negative. If the counsel for the Other Parties
is right, the logical conclusion is that a third party can establish its claim
to the money without having to prove the claim on a balance of probabilities.
A _bona fide_ judgment creditor would have to constantly fend off a random
array of third party claimants if all that these claimants have is an
evidential burden.

28 Indeed, in the context of a third party who claims to have a charge or lien
over the debt that is sought to be garnished, _Singapore Civil Procedure_
states at 49/6/2:

The form of issue as between the claimant and judgment creditor is that the
_claimant is made plaintiff in the issue, and the judgment creditor the
defendant in the issue_ ; and the issue itself will be whether the claimant
was entitled to or had a charge or lien upon the debt sought to be attached at
the time of the service of the provisional garnishee order.

[emphasis added]

29 The same form of issue must surely apply to the situation where the third
party does not claim to have a charge or lien over the debt sought to be
garnished, but claims to be entitled to it. Therefore, while it cannot be that
the garnishee has the legal burden to prove that there is no debt due or
accruing due, this does not mean that the Other Parties have no legal burden
to prove the very issue that they have entered the present case for – to show
that the debt that is sought to be garnished belongs to them. To hold
otherwise is tantamount to requiring the JC to prove a negative (that the
Other Parties do _not_ own the debt), when the Other Parties are the ones who
know best about their claim. Under s 105 of the EA, “the burden of proof as to
any particular fact lies on that person who wishes the court to believe in its
existence, unless it is provided by any law that the proof of that fact shall
lie on any particular person”. Section 108 of the EA also states that “[w]hen
any fact is especially within the knowledge of any person, the burden of
proving that fact is upon him.” The Other Parties have not satisfied me that
there is anything in law that requires a judgment creditor to disprove the
claims of third parties on a balance of probabilities. The judgment creditor’s
legal burden extends only to proving its claim – that there is a debt due or
accruing due – as against the garnishee.

30 Further, I note that the CA in _Teleoptik-Ziroskopi v Westacre_ stated that
the “crux of the matter was that the Other Parties should not be deprived of
their day in court _to show that they owned the beneficial interest_ ” to the
funds (see [12] above) [emphasis added]. It also said, at [35], that:

… The heart of these appeals was simply whether the Other Parties, who said
the Funds belonged to them, should be allowed their day in court to prove that
claim.

31 Admittedly, the question of where legal burden lies is complicated because
the defence of Deuteron and the JD is factually similar to the Other Parties’
claim. The JD and Deuteron are saying that there is no debt to be garnished
because the funds are being held on trust for third parties, which they
identify as the Other Parties. The Other Parties are saying that they are the
beneficiaries of the funds that are being held on trust. Therefore, the
Defendants are aligned in their factual positions, and they have in fact,
essentially run a joint case for the purpose of the trial, such that the
Defendants may be said to have adopted one another’s evidence and arguments to
a great extent. But their respective burdens of proof are different because
the issues that concern them are different. For even if I find that Deuteron
and/or the Bank has no debt due or accruing due to the JD, this does not _ipso
facto_ mean that the funds belong to the Other Parties. I must still be
satisfied that the Other Parties own the funds because that is an issue I must
decide.

32 The upshot is this: if the Other Parties can show that they own the funds
on a balance of probabilities, Deuteron would have succeeded in adducing more
evidence than it needed to rebut the JC’s claim. But even if the Other Parties
cannot prove that they own the funds, this only means that the Other Parties
cannot lay claim to the funds vis-à-vis the JC. It may well be the case that
the JC still cannot garnish the funds because enough evidence has been adduced
to undermine its claim that there is a debt due or accruing due to the JD from
Deuteron and/or the Bank.

33 Since the Defendants rely on the same evidence, but bear different burdens
of proof, I will first decide on the issue of whether the Other Parties have
beneficial ownership of the funds. Even if I answer this question in the
negative, I still have to decide on whether the JC has managed to discharge
its legal burden on whether there is a debt due or accruing due from Deuteron
and/or the Bank to the JD.

Whether the funds in Deuteron’s accounts with the Bank belonged beneficially
to the Other Parties since 1991

34 Throughout the trial, it was only made clear to me that the purported
beneficiaries were the Other Parties (see [86]-[94]). The final position taken
is that Deuteron is the trustee of the funds for the Other Parties. The Other
Parties rely heavily on the four documents, which I assume to be authentic as
there is no evidence from the JC to the contrary. Their case is that the JD
had entered into the Supply Contract as a commission agent for the Other
Parties, which were involved in the negotiations leading up to the Supply
Contract and had the final say in the products which were the subject of
delivery, their technical characteristics and aspects, the terms of the
technical warranties and quality acceptance, time frames for delivery and
prices. To the Other Parties, the effect of a commission agency agreement in
Yugoslavia was that the economic benefits of the transaction would accrue to
the Other Parties and be protected from the creditors of the JD, who would
only be entitled to 2.5% of the contract value. The written Commission
Agreement on 12 December 1991 was merely a memorialisation of a pre-existing
oral agreement that had already existed at the time of the Supply Contract.
The Other Parties also submit that it is a “red herring” as to whether under a
commission agency relationship in Yugoslavia, assets acquired by the
commission agent – the JD – would be the property of the JD or the Other
Parties’. This is because the real issue is the beneficial ownership of the
funds, which are in Singapore. The four documents, construed in the light of
the governing laws, will lead the court to infer that the intention of the
parties was for Deuteron to hold the Advance on trust for the Other Parties in
Singapore. This trust arose when the Advance was remitted to Singapore, or at
the latest, when the Defendants entered into the Protocol in Singapore.
Moreover, the Advance can be traced to the funds in Deuteron’s bank accounts
with the Bank.

The governing law of the four documents

35 The stages to determine the governing law of a contract are laid out in
cases such as _Pacific Recreation Pte Ltd v SY Technology Inc_ [2008] 2 SLR(R)
491. At [36], the court held that “the first stage is to examine the contract
itself to determine whether it states expressly what the governing law should
be. In the absence of an express provision one moves to the second stage which
is to see whether the intention of the parties as to the governing law can be
inferred from the circumstances. If this cannot be done, the third stage is to
determine with which system of law the contract has its most close and real
connection”.

36 For the Supply Contract, Article 15 makes clear that it is governed by the
law of the foreign buyer, which is a common law jurisdiction. Article 16.3
prohibits assignment of rights and obligations without consent. The signature
page shows that the JD and the foreign buyer were contracting “for and on
behalf” of themselves.

37 While the Supply Contract is related to the Commission Agreement, the CA in
_Teleoptik-Ziroskopi v Westacre_ at [37] opined that the parties’ intention
was to subject the Commission Agreement to Yugoslav law. The agreement states
that disputes will be resolved in a Belgrade court, was drafted in the Serbian
language by Serbian parties in Serbia and signed there as well. I find that
the Pre-Protocol and the Protocol are also governed by Yugoslav law. The Pre-
Protocol was prepared in compliance with the Yugoslavian national bank’s
requirements to obtain approval for the JD to transfer the Advance outside
Yugoslavia. As for the Protocol, the evidence of Ms Slobodanka Belanovic (“Ms
Belanovic”) of Teleoptik was that she “viewed it as a purely Yugoslavian
transaction and had in mind Yugoslav law and regulations”. In an earlier
affidavit, she had also stated that in her view, Singapore law did not apply
to the Protocol. This was also supported by the evidence of the JD’s Ms Nada
Manic, who stated in her affidavit of evidence-in-chief that when the Protocol
was drafted in Serbian, “no party was having any legal issue in mind under
Singapore law but was looking at it totally from a Yugoslav perspective”.
Therefore, the intentions of the parties, who did not have the help of
lawyers, were that Yugoslav law applied.

38 While the Supply Contract regulates the relationship between the foreign
buyer and the JD, the Commission Agreement – and the Pre-Protocol and Protocol
– can be seen as an “internal arrangements” among the Defendants to regulate
their rights and obligations in accordance with Yugoslav law.

Whether there was a commission agency relationship

39 I first examine the purported commission agency relationship between the JD
and the Other Parties in Yugoslavia. The central document is Contract No.
E/4860-1, which is described by the Defendants as the Commission Agreement.
The Other Parties point, _inter alia_ , to Article 1.1, which states that the
JD had concluded the Supply Contract “on its own behalf and for the account of
the Suppliers”. They then point me to Article 771 of the chapter on Commission
Business in the 1978 Yugoslav Law of Contract and Torts (“the LCT”). This
states that “[b]y a contract of commission business the commission agent shall
assume the obligation to perform, for a fee, on his own behalf and for the
account of the client, one or several transactions entrusted to him by the
client”. A licence agreement that was annexed to the Supply Contract also
stated that the JD was expressly contracting “on behalf of manufacturers”. The
Other Parties also submit, based on the testimonies of the factual witnesses,
that the JD had entered into the Supply Contract as the Other Parties’
commission agent, and that this had always been the practice. The parties’
conduct and the four documents provide further corroboration of the Other
Parties being the principals, notwithstanding that none of the documents used
the term “commission agent”.

Whether there was a sub-contracting relationship

40 Despite the Defendants’ submissions that the Other Parties were the
principals in a commission agency relationship with the JD, the relationship
does appear to be consistent with that between a main-contractor and its sub-
contractors, _ie_ , the JD was the main-contractor. This would mean that
Contract No. E/4860-1 had been entered into “back to back” with the JD’s
agreement with the foreign buyer to supply the military equipment. Such an
arrangement does exist in Yugoslav/Serbian practice and would confer on the
Other Parties no greater than a contractual claim.

41 For example, there was a four-month delay between the signing of the Supply
Contract and the signing of the Commission Agreement. Ms Belanovic of
Teleoptik and Mr Bosko Sipovac of Zrak-Teslic explained that such a delay was
usual during that period, that time was required to gain the necessary
approvals from the Defence Ministry, and that there was no necessity for
commission agreements to be executed in writing – there was already an oral
agreement in place. An oral agreement that arose around the time of the Supply
Contract is relevant towards showing that the Other Parties were not mere sub-
contractors. Yet, given the value of the armaments deal to the Other Parties,
I would reasonably expect that there would have been more evidence that
documented the existence of an oral commission agency relationship. The
Defendants respond that the ravages caused by the outbreak of the civil war in
the 1990s, which also saw damage wrought on the Other Parties’ offices from
NATO airstrikes, had led to the loss and destruction of documents and/or
correspondence. I do have some sympathy for this response, but the burden is
on the Other Parties to prove their claim to beneficial ownership of the
funds. And as the JC points out, “[i]t is highly significant that five …
different companies (JD, Deuteron, Teleoptik, Zrak-Teslic and Cajevec) located
in different geographical locations and countries (Belgrade, Singapore and
Republic Srpska in Bosnia and Herzegovina) each maintaining their own records
all failed to produce any correspondence evidencing the alleged ‘ _commission
agency relationship_ ’”. [emphasis in original]. The belated mention of the
oral agreement also fuels doubts. For example, Ms Belanovic worked in
Teleoptik as the director of the foreign trade department in 1991, and was
thus personally familiar with the circumstances. In her affidavit dated 27
March 2009, she claims that the Other Parties took “active part in
discussions” with the foreign buyer, “over issues of technical specifications,
prices, terms of deliveries and other details of the end products”. Authorised
representatives of the Other Parties conducted negotiations, in cooperation
with the JD’s representatives, on “crucial elements” of the Supply Contract,
including the subject matter, price, delivery time and warranty. She further
asserts that the JD could not conclude the Supply Contract without the Other
Parties’ consent. However, she does not clearly mention that at that point,
the JD was already a commission agent of the Other Parties. Instead, she goes
on to say:

That was the prescribed procedure we followed. [JD] would then sign or execute
all contracts, in its own name, with any buyer, or as the case here, the
[Supply Contract], with the Buyers, for the account of and on behalf of the
Manufacturers.

The manufacturers under such contracts _subsequently entered into a commission
agency agreement_ with [the JD]…

… The Commission Agreement reflected the terms of the [Supply Contract],
whereby all rights and obligations under the [Supply Contract] are assumed by
the respective Manufacturers.

[emphasis added]

42 However, in her affidavit affirmed on 4 November 2009, she clarifies that
an understanding that the JD was to act as the Other Parties’ agent was
already in existence at the time of the Supply Contract. The JC,
characterising this as a shift in position, has pointed out that this averment
came only after its expert had pointed to the absence of any agreement showing
a commercial agency relationship when the Supply Contract was signed.

43 It will also be recalled that the Other Parties, as “principals” in the
commission agency relationship, were allegedly keen to reconvert the Advance
to US currency and have it moved to Deuteron’s bank account. This was the
reason that the Pre-Protocol was entered into. The Pre-Protocol does refer to
the Other Parties and states that the Advance shall be used “exclusively” for
purchasing raw materials and other items for their needs. But although it was
apparently their decision to transfer the funds, the Other Parties were not
signatories to the Pre-Protocol between the JD and Deuteron. The JD signed off
on the Pre-Protocol on and for its own behalf. Unless the JD and the Other
Parties were seeking to deceive the Yugoslav authorities, it is curious that
the JD did not sign off “on its own behalf and for the account of the Other
Parties”, thus tracking the wording in Article 1.1 of the alleged Commission
Agreement. The Defendants’ insist that the central document for the purpose of
the commission agency relationship is the Commission Agreement. But as it is
not the Defendants’ case that the JD could make a unilateral decision to
transfer the Advance to Deuteron, I am of the view that the Pre-Protocol is
relevant towards determining the relationship between the JD and the Other
Parties.

44 The English translation of the Pre-Protocol produced by the JD and the
Other Parties described the Other Parties as “manufacturers”. However, it
eventually came to light that in the original Serbian version, the Other
Parties had in fact been described as “podizvodjaci” or “sub-contractors”, and
the JC argues that the translation was deliberately inaccurate, in an attempt
to mislead the court. The response of Ms Vesna Stupar (“Ms Stupar”), the JD’s
witness, was that the description of the Other Parties as sub-contractors was
a mistake. I entertain grave doubts that drafters could have made such a basic
mistake. Ms Nada Manic, the JD’s witness, sought to explain in her testimony
that the Pre-Protocol had been done in haste and that the Serbian words for
“manufacturers” and “sub-contractors” were very similar. But as the JC points
out, “[the Pre-Protocol] was written in the Serbian language and prepared by
experienced Serbian parties who were very familiar with transactions such as
this and with commission agency agreements as well … the word ‘podizvodjaci’
(sub-contract) was repeated a total of [eight] times in the one and a half
page document”. Moreover, in an affidavit filed in December 2005, a few years
before the Other Parties appeared in the proceedings in 2009, the JD’s legal
counsel had also described the Other Parties’ as “sub-suppliers” (although he
also stated that the JD kept the monies as their “trustee”). At trial, Ms
Stupar again said that this was an error. But it beggars belief that at a time
when the JD was already disputing the JC’s claim to the funds (at that time,
this was on the basis that the English judgment should not be registered in
Singapore), the JD’s legal counsel – who must have understood the legal
significance of his words – would have made such a mistake. To my mind, an
equally, if not more likely explanation was that the JD subsequently changed
its position when the Other Parties appeared in the proceedings.

45 There are even aspects of the purported Commission Agreement itself that
appear consistent with a sub-contract agreement. For example, Article 2.2
provides that the prices in the Supply Contract were fixed, but that the
prices for the Other Parties were provisional and would be agreed
subsequently, at a time that was no later than 45 days before the first
shipment under the alleged Commission Agreement. There is some force in the
JC’s submission that if the Other Parties were “indeed principals, there is no
reason why their prices would have to be ‘agreed’ later with the JD”. Article
3.3 also affects the weight that I can give to the Commission Agreement, which
is supposed to formalise the oral agreement that the JD and the Other Parties
had entered into at the time of the Supply Contract. The Defendants’ version
of events is that the Other Parties had wanted the JD to transfer the Advance
to Deuteron. It is of note that the transfer of the Advance was then done, and
this happened _before_ the Commission Agreement was entered into. But the
written agreement provides no mention that the Other Parties had instructed
the JD to transfer the Advance to Singapore. Instead, Article 3.3 provides
that the “[c]ounter-value of generated foreign currency inflow” will be paid
to the Other Parties’ drawing account with the Social Accounting and Auditing
Service within three working days of the receipt of notification about inflow
of proceeds.

46 Notwithstanding the doubts that the JC has seeded in relation to the
purported commission agency relationship, I am prepared to assume, for the
sake of argument, that there was a commission agency relationship between the
JD and the Other Parties under Yugoslav law. But even if I assume that, I find
that under Yugoslav/Serbian law, the commission agency relationship does not
confer anything higher than contractual rights on the Other Parties in
relation to their shares of the Advance. This means that as a commission
agent, the JD had ownership of the Advance when it was received from the
foreign buyer, and continued to have ownership of the Advance even when it
transferred the money to Deuteron in Singapore. Indeed, as I will go on to
explain, the conduct of the parties also shows me that any claim that the
Other Parties have, even if there was a Commission Agreement, is merely a
contractual one.

The legal effect of a commission agency relationship

47 It cannot be disputed there is no concept of beneficial ownership, or
trust, in Yugoslav/Serbian law. In this regard, any situation conferring some
semblance of “property rights” in a party who is not the legal owner must tend
to be the exception rather than the rule. The question nevertheless arises of
whether, in a commission agency relationship, the Advance that the JD receives
from the foreign buyer is deemed to be the property of the Other Parties,
which makes it immune from execution by the JD’s creditors. I answer this
question in the negative and come to my conclusion after preferring the
opinions of the JC’s Serbian law experts, which are logical, cogent and
properly substantiated by case law and commentaries. I find these qualities
lacking in the opinions of the Serbian law experts of the Defendants.

48 The Other Parties rely, _inter alia_ , on Articles 787(2) and 788 of the
LCT to support their contentions. The word “client” in these articles refers
to the Other Parties. The three articles in the relevant section that deals
with “Relations with Third Parties” state:

**Article 787.** _Client’s Right to Claims Originating from a Transaction with
a Third Party._

(1) A client may demand fulfilment of claims from the transaction entered into
by a commission agent with a third party and for his account, only if the
commission agent has assigned them to him.

(2) However, in terms of the relation between a client and a commission agent
and his creditors, such claims shall be treated from their inception as the
client’s claims.

**Article 788.** _Limitation of Rights of Commission Agent’s Creditors_

Commission agent’s creditors shall not, in order to collect their claims, even
in case of his bankruptcy, take measures of execution against rights and
objects of property acquired by the commission agent in performing the order
on his own behalf but for the account of the client, except in the case of
claims in relation to acquiring these rights and objects of property.

**Article 789.** _Bankruptcy of a Commission Agent_

(1) In case of a commission agent’s bankruptcy, the client may request
separation of goods handed over by him to the commission agent to be sold on
his account out of the bankrupt’s assets, as well as of goods acquired by the
commission agent on his account.

(2) In such case the client may request from a third party to whom the
commission agent has delivered the objects, their price or any unpaid part.

49 The Other Parties point out that there is a dearth of judicial and academic
commentary guidance on how the core principles of the commission agency
relationship in the LCT apply to the monies held by a commission agent in a
bank account. However, they submit that the language of Articles 787(2) and
788 is “clear – the claims of the commission agent on the contract with the
third party are, as between the commission agent and its client, to be
regarded as the client’s claims, and rights and objects of property acquired
by the commission agent in performing the contract are immune from execution
by the commission agent’s creditors, even in the bankruptcy of the commission
agent”.

50 I make a few points. First, the effect of the articles is not as obvious as
the Other Parties characterise it to be. Article 787(1) provides that a client
can demand fulfilment of claims only if the commission agent had “assigned
them to him”. The fact that a claim needs to be assigned suggests that the
claim does not belong to the client from the onset. It should be noted that
the Supply Contract between the foreign buyer and the purported commission
agent, the JD, expressly prohibits assignment. Article 787(2) does seem to
provide that where there are creditors involved, the claims are treated as the
client’s claims “from their inception”. But the conferment of the right to
claim against the third party does not necessarily mean that the client has
property or ownership rights. Similarly, Article 788 merely prohibits the
seizure of property by a commission agent’s creditors. It does not necessarily
mean that the client has property or ownership rights. In addition, Article
789 has the effect of protecting the client in the specific situation of its
commission agent’s bankruptcy. In a civil law jurisdiction without the
institution of trust, it stands to reason that the articles provide for
exceptional situations protecting the client precisely because there is no
general concept of beneficial ownership in the legal system. In any event,
Article 789 does not apply in this case because the JD is not bankrupt. In
fact, it has never been explained why the Other Parties did not make any claim
against the JD, which was never known to be bankrupt.

51 The Other Parties submit that as Serbia is a civil law jurisdiction,
judicial decisions or academic commentary should be disregarded when they “do
not appear consistent with codified law and do not speak with one voice”. Such
statements are disingenuous and unrealistic and cast doubts on the credibility
of their experts. As was stated in _The Civil Law Tradition_ (John Henry
Merryman & Rogelio Perez-Perdomo) (Stanford University Press, 2007) at pp
46-47, “… judicial decisions are not a source of law … [t]his is the theory,
but the facts are different … [t]hose who contrast the civil law and the
common law traditions by a supposed non-use of judicial authority in the
former and a binding doctrine of precedent in the latter exaggerate on both
sides”. On the other hand, the preponderance of evidence adduced by the JC’s
Serbian experts convinces me of their proposition that Serbian law does not
confer upon the client property rights over the money that is in the
commission agent’s bank account. As such, all the Other Parties have is a
contractual claim.

52 I need only mention a few of the authorities cited by the JC that the Other
Parties dispute. A 1959 decision of the Supreme Commercial Court of the former
Yugoslavia stated that the plaintiff-client “did not acquire any property
right on money which the [defendant] commission agent received from its
foreign buyer as the purchase price and which became a part of its property”.
This was referred to by one Professor Miodrag Trajkovic in his book. The Other
Parties claim that the JC’s experts had omitted to include the accompanying
statement by the authors that “[w]e disagree … with this position … since … it
is contrary to our concept of commission agency agreement. In turn, the JC has
pointed out the following extract from Professor’s Trajkovic’s book:

The commission agent would remain the ‘owner of the money’ until it transfers
the amount to the client/principal. This long-standing position and its
operation by analogy when it comes to monies collected is not only supported
by the language of the LCT, but was reflected even prior to the enactment of
the LCT in the 1959 decision of the Supreme Commercial Court of the former
Yugoslavia.

53 In his preface to the 1959 decision, Professor Trajkovic also had the
following comment:

It is considered in judicial practice of most countries that the commission
agent becomes the owner of the goods. The same is true for the practice of our
commercial courts, which can be seen from the following statement of reasons
contained in the judgment The Supreme Commercial Court …

54 In view of the above, and the other authorities cited by the JC, I accept
the JC’s submission that the disagreement of the professor with the 1959
decision reflects his personal view. The Other Parties also take issue with
another decision, from the Supreme Court of the Federation of Bosnia and
Herzegovina, which was cited by the JC experts. The Other Parties say that the
comments of the court show that a commission agency appears to carry the right
of separation with respect to money in a bank account. However, the decision
goes on to say that only the separation of “an individual thing” can be
demanded. Money, including money on the account, is a “generic thing”, and can
be considered as an individual thing only if its owner “at the moment of its
delivery had singled it out in a manner which could ensure its safe
identification …” In other words, money in a bank account is fungible. This
lends support to the JC’s submissions that claims arising under a commission
agreement are _in personam_ in nature, such that a commission agent can pay
off a debt to its client using any of its monies.

55 Yet another decision cited by the JC’s Serbian experts, this time from the
Supreme Commercial Court of the former Yugoslavia in 1971, states that the
fact “that the plaintiff and the first defendant concluded a commission agency
agreement and that the funds in foreign currency came to the account on the
basis of that legal relationship do not allow for a conclusion that these
funds in foreign currency belong to the plaintiff, nor do these facts allow us
to conclude that the said funds in foreign currency may not serve to settle
the debts towards other creditors of the plaintiff’s commission agent …” The
Other Parties say that this decision involved commission agency relationships
where the commission agent had failed to transfer funds received from a
foreign buyer. They seek to distinguish it from the present case on the ground
that the Advance was not transferred to the Other Parties only because they
had instructed the JD to keep the Advance abroad to preserve its value. It is
difficult to see the distinction. The Other Parties may argue that the
transfer of money on the Other Parties’ instructions amounts to an act of
disposition that shows ownership. But in the first place, the documents do not
mention that the transfer was made on the instruction of the Other Parties. In
fact, as mentioned above, the Commission Agreement, which was entered into
after the transfer was effected, stated that the money was to be transferred
into the Other Parties’ “ordinary account with the Social Accounting and
Auditing Services … within three … working days from the receipt of
notification”.

56 There are other court decisions and academic authorities in relation to the
ownership of money and goods that were brought to my attention by the JC’s
experts. The Other Parties say that the court decisions pre-dated the LCT, but
the JC’s experts submit that they are still considered authoritative today –
and produced ample support for their assertion. For example, the 1971 decision
above and a similar 1958 decision were cited in a book titled The Commentary
of the Law on Contracts and Torts that was published in 1980 by Professors
Slobodan Perovic and Dragoljub Stojanovic, who are considered to be leading
legal experts on Yugoslav/Serbian contract law. In contrast, the Defendants’
experts could not muster any case law support for their counter-arguments and
instead fell back on the argument that their legal system does not observe
_stare decisis_ , the doctrine of precedent. This dented their credibility.
Professor Dragor Hiber (“Professor Hiber”) for the Other Parties also referred
to sub-paragraphs 3 and 4 of Article 48 of the Foreign Exchange Law to support
the argument that Yugoslav/Serbian law did not prohibit an arrangement where
the JD acts on behalf of the Other Parties to transfer money out of the
jurisdiction, when these sub-paragraphs were not even in force in 1991.
Professor Hiber admitted that he made a mistake in his report, which casts
further doubt on the veracity of his opinion. In fact, before confirming at
the trial that there is “no such thing” as the institution of trust in Serbian
law, Professors Hiber and Gaso D. Knezevic had in their joint affidavit of
evidence-in-chief affirmed on 2 August 2013 averred that “Serbian law is no
stranger to the concept of beneficial ownership”, although they stated in
their joint reply affidavit affirmed on 18 November 2013 that the notion of
beneficial ownership did not exist.

57 To summarise, the Other Parties have not proven that under Serbian law,
they had any _in rem_ rights over the Advance. I reject the evidence of their
experts, and that of the JD’s Serbian law expert, Mr Oliver Zivkovic, who has
not shown himself to be independent as he was in fact the JD’s lawyer. All the
Other Parties have is an _in personam_ claim for the Advance – and they have
not even sued the JD for the money in Serbia.

Whether a trust arises in favour of the Other Parties when the Advance entered
Singapore or when the Protocol was signed

58 Based on the Defendants’ case, the JD and the Other Parties had the
intention to enter into a commission agency arrangement under Yugoslav law. If
the only reason for moving the money overseas was to avoid the depreciation of
the dinar, their intention must have been to maintain the commission agency
arrangement. After all, there is no suggestion that the Other Parties chose
Singapore specifically because it is a common law jurisdiction with a trust
concept. The concept of trust would have been foreign to the Yugoslav parties.
I have found that a commission agency arrangement does not have the effect of
conferring on the Other Parties anything more than contractual rights in
Yugoslavia. They do not become the owners of the Advance in a commission
agency arrangement. It thus follows that the Yugoslav parties would likely
have had no intention, or even the knowledge, to create anything more than
contractual rights. Despite this, the Other Parties are saying that even if
the documents are governed by Yugoslav law, the court can infer an intention
to create a trust when the money enters Singapore. They say that the issue of
the ownership of the funds is governed by Singapore law, and that the court
can make this inference because the “overwhelming evidence”, including the
Pre-Protocol and the Protocol, shows that the three certainties for the
creation of the trust are met. Even if I accept the Other Parties’ submission
that Singapore law is applicable to infer the existence of a trust, after
examining the evidence, I still fail to ascertain any intention to create a
trust that arises when the Advance was paid into Deuteron’s bank accounts or
even when the Protocol was eventually signed in Singapore.

No certainty of intention

59 The Other Parties say an express trust was created when the Advance entered
Singapore in November 1991. The intention of the JD, Deuteron and the Other
Parties with regard to the holding and administration of the Advance “could
not be clearer”. This can be gleaned from their evidence relating to the
commission agency relationship and the terms of the Pre-Protocol, which
establish that when the Advance entered Singapore, the intention of the
parties was for Deuteron to hold the Advance for the Other Parties in “defined
proportions and administer the monies in accordance with the Other Parties’
instructions and a framework that was to be worked out.” The Pre-Protocol
states that the monies are to be “used exclusively for purchasing the raw
materials, parts, assemblies, sub-assemblies and other goods for the needs of
the [Other Parties].” Payments from the monies are to be made only by written
request of the Other Parties.

60 The Other Parties also say that at the very latest, a trust would have
arisen when the Protocol was executed on 28 December 1991. Even if the
Protocol is governed by Serbian law, it does not prevent the Protocol, or its
execution, from being evidence of the parties’ intention from which a trust
can be inferred or created under Singapore law. Appendix 1 of the Protocol
spelled out how much of the funds belonged to each of the Other Parties and
the amount of funds that was payable to the JD as its commission. The Other
Parties say that the “explicit allocation” is a hallmark of trust, and another
hallmark is the obligation imposed on Deuteron by the Protocol to account to
the Other Parties for their respective agreed proportions of the Advance.
Moreover, the Protocol also stipulates that any part of the Advance that is
not spent shall be returned to the Other Parties or used in accordance with
their wishes.

61 But as stated above, the parties had clearly intended for Yugoslav law to
govern the documents. If Yugoslav law applies to the documents, this must lead
to an inference that the parties had not intended for a trust of the money to
arise, as there is no concept of beneficial ownership in Yugoslavia, not even
in a commission agency relationship. As the JC puts it in its closing
submissions, “it is not reasonable to believe that Yugoslav lay persons,
thinking in terms of Yugoslav law, would have intended legal consequences of
an institution which is unique to the common law world, especially when they
have clearly stated that Singapore law is not applicable to their
relationship”.

62 The Pre-Protocol dated 21 October 1991 refers to the Other Parties as sub-
contractors, and they were not even signatories to it. In other words, it is
not clear that the terms of the Pre-Protocol regard the Other Parties as
possessing property rights over the Advance in any sense. Assuming that the JD
was the main-contractor of the Other Parties, the Pre-Protocol may also be
consistent with an obligation of the JD to release parts of the Advance to its
sub-contractors on the basis that they must use the money exclusively for the
purposes of fulfilling the JD’s obligations under the Supply Contract. The
provision in the Pre-Protocol that states that payments are to be made only by
written request of the Other Parties may have been included only because they
are the parties who will know the sources from which they are procuring. The
JC raises other arguments, but my point is that the documentary evidence of a
trust is not as clear as the Other Parties claim.

63 The Protocol does provide for an appendix with a breakdown of how the
Advance is to be allocated to each of the Other Parties, after deduction of
commission fees. It also provides that Deuteron shall earmark each of the
Other Parties’ shares and time-deposit specific sums for them. The Other
Parties are to receive monthly bank statements. The Other Parties also note
that the Protocol provides for the disbursement and administration of the
Advance. The Other Parties claim that the subsequent conduct of the parties
was consistent with the provisions of the Protocol until the funds were frozen
in June 1992. Ms Belanovic of Teleoptik testified that her company received
monthly statements regarding the balance in the accounts and the interest
accruing.

64 But Ms Belanovic’s evidence is unsubstantiated testimony. The opposite is
true – the conduct of the parties to the Protocol shows that there was no
intention to create a trust even when the Protocol was executed. The Other
Parties fall back on the tumultuous period in Yugoslavia in the 1990s to
explain the absence of documents, but over the past 20 years, there was no
evidence that the Other Parties had acted on their purported rights to their
funds, even when the war ended and the funds grew with interest to more than
US$17m. There is no evidence that enquiries were made over how their monies
were handled. I do not accept the Other Parties’ response that the lack of
correspondence is reasonable as the funds were frozen at all material times
and there was no reason to doubt the JD because of their close relationship.
No reference was in fact made to the monies in their own audited accounts as
their assets – they were apparently treated as receivables, _ie_ , a
contractual right, and later written off. On 12 August 2013, the High Court
ordered the Other Parties to produce their audited accounts. The financial
statements that were eventually produced by Teleoptik and Zrak-Teslic made no
reference to their alleged shares of the Advance (about 10% and 50%). This is
additional evidence that the Other Parties never regarded themselves as having
ownership over the Advance, as mere debts would have been written off after
some time.

65 On the other hand, in Singapore, there were repeated admissions by Deuteron
– in its financial statements from 1998 to 2008, in its shareholders’
resolution in 1999 and in its affidavit and solicitor’s letter in November
2004 – that the Advance belongs to the JD. All this was not disputed then by
the JD, which owns Deuteron. As the JC points out, even though the Other
Parties appeared in court proceedings here in 2009, they had never asked for a
correction to reflect the “true position” in Deuteron’s financial statements.
This evidence militates against any intention to create a trust for the Other
Parties, and suggests that the funds are beneficially owned by the JD.

66 The Protocol prescribed that Deuteron shall “earmark the funds on the
account for the beneficiaries and shall then time deposit them based on the
instructions received from each beneficiary”. Appendix 1 spelled out the
precise amounts payable to the JD as commission and the amounts for each of
the Other Parties. This document was signed on 28 December 1991, more than a
month after the Advance was transferred to Singapore. The JD pleaded in its
Defence that the funds were “already earmarked” pursuant to the Protocol and
there was no need or ability to deal further with the funds due to the onset
of civil war and/or the imposition of sanctions by the UN. The sanctions were
imposed in June 1992. But even when the Advance was sent to Singapore, it was
paid right into Deuteron’s bank accounts which contained other funds of
Deuteron. The Advance was not segregated from the rest of Deuteron’s money.
Neither did it seem that the JD’s commission, which had not been paid, was
kept separate from the Other Parties’ entitlement to the funds.

67 The JD and Deuteron, in their closing submissions, say that the issue of
whether the funds were earmarked does not remove the fact that there is a
trust under the Protocol; a failure to earmark is at best a breach of trust. I
pause to note that the Other Parties have never alleged breach of trust. Along
similar lines, the Other Parties say that “what is important is the intention
to treat the advance payment (and the respective proportions of it
specifically allocated to each of the Other Parties) as distinct sums for
which Deuteron was accountable to the Other Parties”. They contend that the
fact that the Advance is paid into a bank account containing other money does
not stop it from constituting the subject matter of a trust.

68 But while it is true that a mixing of monies is not fatal to the validity
of a trust, the fact that the monies were mixed only begs the question of
whether, against the words of the Protocol, there was an intention to create a
relationship that imported proprietary rights in the first place. It seems
that the parties did not take the words of the Protocol seriously, in the
sense that Deuteron saw its task as simply to ensure that there were enough
funds in all its bank accounts to meet the requirements of the Other Parties.
This would be consistent with the creation of mere contractual rights, where
money that is paid out need not come from a specific pool of funds.

69 My finding on the lack of intention at the time of the purported creation
of the trust is buttressed by evidence that the Advance was subsequently moved
around between accounts. The evidence adduced concerning the tracing of the
Advance is complicated and based on incomplete bank statements, but it must be
clear that at the very least, money left Deuteron’s Singapore accounts after
the Advance came in. Deuteron’s director, Mr Zoran Matic’s affidavit of
evidence-in-chief on 17 July 2013 had declared that “these monies were the
monies that were sent from November 1991 … and it was always rolled over …
[and] these are the very same monies deposited for the [Other Parties] and
these monies have never been touched since the date of deposit. But at trial,
he admitted that there were “payments in, payments out”, although the amount
had always been maintained The Other Parties explain that there were other
accounts that Deuteron maintained in Oslo and Hong Kong. What Mr Zoran Matic
did was to ensure that the total balance in all the accounts put together did
not fall below the sum of the Advance. The Other Parties themselves allege
that the funds could have been moved from Deuteron to a company called
Restonic, before finding “their way back to Deuteron’s account later”.

70 The Other Parties were raising these arguments to discredit the report of
the JC’s forensic accountant, Mr Christopher Bruce Johnson, who had concluded
that the balance in Deuteron’s bank accounts in Singapore had fallen to very
low levels. It is true that in arriving at his findings, he had not taken into
account the balances in the physical accounts maintained in Oslo and Hong
Kong. He had also not been able to factor in the bank statements for the
periods in which they were not available. However, I do not even need to rely
on his evidence on tracing at all. It is clear that not only was the Advance
mixed with the money in Deuteron’s accounts in Singapore, the funds in the
accounts were also moved around, allegedly within Deuteron’s accounts with the
Bank. The inference to draw from Mr Zoran Matic’s evidence is that he saw it
as his responsibility to ensure that the total amount of monies in Deuteron’s
various accounts was maintained at a level sufficient to pay off the
obligations to the Other Parties. Such a loose arrangement again suggests that
the obligations were merely contractual in nature.

71 In view of the Other Parties’ failure to prove the certainty of intention,
there is no need to go into the evidence of the other two certainties _viz_ ,
subject matter and objects, or the merits of their attempt to trace the
Advance into the funds in Deuteron’s bank accounts using equitable
presumptions, even though the Defendants have not alleged any breach of
fiduciary duty vis-à-vis Deuteron. No trust in Singapore can arise in their
favour even on the argument that Singapore law applies to the issue of
ownership of the funds. The Other Parties have failed to discharge their legal
burden to show that they had beneficial interest in the funds in Deuteron’s
bank accounts.

72 I make some closing comments to pull together the strands of my findings
before moving on to the next issue. The key question I have asked in resolving
this entire issue is: when did ownership of the Advance shift? As I have
found, the answer is that it never shifted from the JD. I start from the
genesis of the Advance. The Advance was made from the foreign buyer to the JD
pursuant to the Supply Contract between them. This Supply Contract is
expressly stated to be governed by the law of the foreign buyer – a common law
country. This Supply Contract prohibits the assignment of rights and
obligations to third parties without consent. To the outside world, the owner
of the Advance is the JD. But when the Advance enters Yugoslavia, its
ownership may be affected by the “internal” arrangements that are made between
the JD and the Other Parties. The arrangements include the Commission
Agreement. A significant part of the trial was spent on the legal effect of
the Commission Agreement under Yugoslav law. The question is whether the
commission agency arrangement shifts the ownership of the Advance to the Other
Parties even in a civil law jurisdiction with no institution of trust. I find
that it does not have that effect. Therefore, the Other Parties have no more
than a contractual claim as against the JD at this point; the ownership of the
Advance remains with the JD.

73 The next stage of my inquiry concerns the effect of the JD’s transfer of
the Advance to Deuteron, its related company in Singapore. The relevant
documents here include the Pre-Protocol and Protocol. The Other Parties’
argument is that even on the basis that the documents are governed by Yugoslav
law, the intention of the parties, as gleaned from the terms and all the
circumstances, is that Deuteron will hold the Advance for the benefit of the
Other Parties. Therefore, a trust arises on the application of Singapore law.
I recognise that foreign parties do not have to use words synonymous with
“trust” in order for a trust to arise. But as the Other Parties put it, it is
the substance that counts. Even taking the Other Parties’ argument at the
highest, the evidence still does not bear out the intention to create a trust
of any sort. Their actions at the time of the purported trust, and through the
years, simply do not match their words today. A trust cannot be lightly
inferred, and the various actions of the Defendants have been inconsistent
with the words of the documents and the Defendants’ witnesses that purport to
prove a trust of the Other Parties’ shares of the Advance. The actions are
only consistent when one takes cognisance of the fact that the Yugoslav
parties had viewed their rights and obligations through the lens of Yugoslav
law. This means that the movement of the Advance to Singapore was never done
in contemplation of any further rights than that afforded under a commission
agency arrangement under Yugoslav law, _ie_ , contractual rights. So, even in
Singapore, the ownership of the Advance remained with the JD.

Whether there is a debt due or accruing due to the JD

74 While the Other Parties are out of the picture, the question nevertheless
remains as to whether the JC can garnish the funds in Deuteron’s bank
accounts. This depends on whether the JC can discharge its legal burden to
prove that there is a debt due or accruing due to the JD. I come to the
conclusion that the funds in the Bank are beneficially owed to the JD, so the
interim garnishee order against the Bank is to be made absolute.

75 First, the letters that were written by Deuteron’s solicitors in November
2004 indicate that the funds in the Bank belonged to the JD. When the JC
obtained its Mareva injunction on 28 October 2004, the injunction included an
order for Deuteron to inform the JC through affidavits “of all the monies
belonging to the [JD] which are held in bank account(s) in the name of
[Deuteron]”. This order was served personally on Mr Zoran Matic, who was the
JD’s representative on Deuteron’s board of directors. On 3 November 2004, a
letter from Deuteron’s solicitors to the JC’s solicitors stated that “ …
[Deuteron] has confirmed that a sum of USD14,925,995.59 or thereabouts stands
to credit of the [JD] in [the Bank]”. Two days later, a second letter stated:
“[P]lease find attached the bank account statements showing the monies held by
[Deuteron] for and on behalf of the [JD]”. At trial, Mr Zoran Matic testified
that after receiving the order, the JD was informed about the JC’s claim and
together with Mr Lim – who was director of Deuteron from its incorporation in
June 1991 until his 51% stake in Deuteron was transferred to the JD on 23
September 2005 – they had visited Deuteron’s solicitors, ostensibly to issue
instructions on the contents of the letters. No clarification was made at the
time that the Other Parties were the owners of the funds.

76 Then there was the affidavit that Mr Lim affirmed for Deuteron on 10
November 2004. This was in response to the order in the Mareva injunction. The
affidavit was signed with Mr Zoran Matic’s knowledge. The affidavit did not
depart from the wording of the two letters – it was stated that the funds were
“held by Deuteron for and on behalf of the [JD]”. In other words, Deuteron was
then saying that the funds belonged to the JD. I give weight to the fact that
these letters and the affidavit were produced in response to a court order
with the benefit of legal advice, so the parties must have understood the
legal implications.

77 The JC has also referred to Deuteron’s unanimous shareholders’ resolution
on 8 April 1999, which was disclosed pursuant to a court order on 26 May 2009.
According to the resolution, a sum of US$12.3m in its accounts with the Bank
and the accruing interest belonged “wholly and exclusively” to the JD. The
signatories were Mr Lim and the JD’s then-representative, General Jovan
Cekovic. The JD held 49% of the shares in Deuteron at that time. There was no
mention of the funds belonging to the Other Parties pursuant to the Pre-
Protocol and the Protocol. On the resolution, counsel for JD and Deuteron
explain that it has not been revoked pending a determination of issues in this
proceedings. But as the JC points out, if the funds do not belong to the JD,
there is no need to wait for any determination. Moreover, a new resolution
that states that the funds belong to the Other Parties will be relevant
towards disproving the debt that is owed to the JD.

78 Over the span of about a decade, Deuteron’s financial statements, which
were audited by external auditors, had stated that the funds in the bank
accounts belonged “wholly and exclusively to [the JD]”. These statements were
approved by Deuteron’s directors, certified by auditors, and repeated until
the year ended 30 June 2008. The Notes to Deuteron’s financial statement for
the year ended 30 June 1998 states:

5\. CASH AT BANK

Excluded from this account is fixed deposit of USD12,302,983 (1997: USD
11,654.939) as this deposit and interest belong wholly and exclusively to
[JD], a shareholder of the company. Confirmation for the exclusion has been
given to auditors through the passing of a members’ resolution dated 8th April
1999.

79 The financial statements of Deuteron have not been amended to reflect that
the funds are in fact, held for the Other Parties. In fact, after the JC
referred to the repeated admissions in an affidavit filed on 14 July 2009,
Deuteron, in apparent breach of the Companies Act (Cap 50, Rev Ed 2006) (“the
Companies Act”), simply stopped filing its accounts. No accounts for the
period from June 2008 onwards are available. This can only mean that the
directors and auditors are unwilling to sign off on statements that will
contradict their previously stated position that the money belongs to the JD,
and I draw an adverse inference in that regard. There is no reason why they
should not reverse the statements if their current position is truthful. I
need only add that the JD must have had clear oversight of the statements,
given that they were represented on the board of directors of Deuteron up till
23 September 2005, after which it obtained 100% of the shares in Deuteron and
controlled the entire board. In other words, Deuteron’s accounts were signed
off by directors who were representatives of the JD. The Defendants’ response
is that the statement was inserted by Mr Zoran Matic because of an internal
shareholder dispute between the JD and Mr Lim, to ensure that he had no basis
to make any claim in connection with the funds that Deuteron was holding for
the Other Parties. Specifically, counsel for the JD and Deuteron submit that
“the monies were being held by Deuteron and the JD as per the Protocol”, so
the court must conclude that the statement in the 1999 resolution and the
annual financial statements were “merely to give effect to the Protocol so
that the monies were not interfered with by the other shareholder in
Deuteron”.

80 These arguments strain logic – if the JD and Deuteron had really intended
to conduct their affairs in accordance with the Other Parties’ purported
rights under the Protocol (and I had found that they did not), there is no
reason why the statement will not then say that the money belonged “wholly and
exclusively” to the Other Parties instead of the JD. A settlement proposal
dated 30 April 2001 was signed by Mr Lim and addressed to General Jovan
Cekovic and Mr Zoran Matic. This document also did not mention that the
ownership of the money in Deuteron’s bank accounts lay elsewhere. The relevant
part states: “After serious consideration, we propose the following for
settlement for mutual benefits: - (1) All monies in DnB belong solely to [JD]
– Agreed”. By 2005, JD had acquired all of Lim’s shares in Deuteron. But the
statement still remained. No reasonable explanation has been given for the
repeated admissions over the years, even after Mr Lim left the picture. Mr Lim
may have been able to offer one, but the Defendants did not call him as a
witness. In fact, Mr Lim’s evidence would also have been valuable to explain,
among other documents, Deuteron’s affidavit’s filed in response to the court
order.

81 Deuteron’s bank accounts were frozen in June 1992 following the UN
sanctions. In November 1995, the sanctions against the Federal Republic of
Yugoslavia (Serbia and Montenegro) were suspended, but the sanctions
concerning Bosnia and Herzegovina remained in place. On 1 December 1995,
Deuteron wrote to the Bank, in instructions signed off by Mr Lim, to withdraw
and transfer all the funds to a Hong Kong bank account of a company called
Acedale Holdings Limited. In response to the Bank’s request for documentary
proof that Deuteron’s Yugoslavian directors were not Bosnian, Deuteron replied
on 11 December 1995:

…

Please note that [Deuteron] was registered in 18th June 1991. The Yugoslavian
Directors are all Serbian Serbs operating in Belgrade all the time. For the
past four years we have no activities due to the United Nations sanction.

As United Nations have suspended the sanctions and banks in other countries
have lifted the banking restriction … It is only fair that we do the same and
return their money as we have no business transaction with them for all these
years.

Please act immediately as our first request was dated 1st December 1995 which
is long over due.

It seems that the funds were supposed to be returned to Deuteron’s Yugoslav
directors, who were representatives of the JD in Deuteron. A certificate dated
15 December 1995 was also produced in response to the Bank’s request for
documentary evidence of the nationality of the three Yugoslavian directors.
This certificate was signed by General Jovan Cekovic – then director-general
of the JD and a Deuteron director – and certified that Deuteron’s three
Yugoslavian directors were citizens of the Federal Republic of Yugoslavia
(Serbia and Montenegro). These suggest that Deuteron and the JD were working
together to transfer the funds out of Deuteron’s bank accounts to the JD,
through the vehicle of Acedale Holdings Limited. I further note that this
attempt of the parties to transfer monies elsewhere buttresses my finding that
there was no intention to create a trust of the Advance in Singapore, an issue
that I resolved above. There is one further point. Given the sanctions, the
funds could be taken out only if no Bosnian entities had any interest in the
funds. Two of the Other Parties – Zrak-Teslic and Cajavec – were Bosnia-based
entities. Unless they were lying, the request made by Deuteron is an implicit
admission that the funds belonged to the JD, which was not subject to the
sanctions as it was owned by the Federal Republic of Yugoslavia (Serbia and
Montenegro). While Mr Zoran Matic had said in his affidavit that Mr Lim’s
requests to withdraw the funds were made without his knowledge and Deuteron’s,
he later said at trial that the JD had even sent over passports “proving that
directors of [the JD] are not Bosnians”.

82 Documents such as Deuteron’s resolution in 1999 and the statements in their
audited accounts do not, on their own, confer ownership rights of the funds on
the JD. However, when the evidence is taken as a whole, it is clear to me that
the JC has, on the balance of probabilities, proven that the funds in
Deuteron’s bank accounts belong to the JD. The JD and Deuteron have failed to
adduce any credible evidence to the contrary. As the Other Parties’ claim to
being the beneficial owners of the funds did not even get off the ground, the
evidence adduced in that issue cannot assist the JD and Deuteron on this
issue.

83 Deuteron is the legal owner of the funds in its bank accounts, which I have
found to be beneficially owned by the JD, albeit the legal right to the funds
is held by Deuteron. The case of _Webb v Stenton_ (1883) 11 QBD 518 holds that
a debt can be either equitable or legal in nature, although “debts owing or
accruing” must refer to an actual present debt. I have no doubt that there is
a debt, and that it is a present debt. By Deuteron’s own admission, the letter
on 3 November 2004 from Deuteron’s solicitors to the JC’s solicitors stated
that the funds stood to the credit of the JD in the Bank. Moreover, on the
facts of the case, Deuteron cannot be anything but a nominee or bare trustee
for the funds. This means that the funds must return to the beneficial owner –
the JD – at its instance. As a garnishor, a JC steps into the shoes of the JD.
It follows that it has the right to collapse the bare trust vis-à-vis
Deuteron. The effect of this must be that the JD will acquire Deuteron’s chose
in action against the Bank. This becomes a debt owed to the JD by the Bank
that the JC can garnish.

84 Therefore, I make the provisional garnishee order against the Bank
absolute. However, I do not think I should make the garnishee order absolute
as against Deuteron, as Deuteron does not owe a debt to the JD.
Notwithstanding the submissions of the JC, it is difficult to see how a trust
can be construed as a debt.

The credibility of the Defendants

85 My overall conclusion, after hearing the parties at trial, is that the
credibility of the Defendants is suspect. Although I am not minded to make
specific findings, I am of the view that their general lack of credibility
affects the weight I give to their evidence.

The unclear manner by which the funds were beneficially owned by the Other
Parties

86 Until the closing stages of the case, it was unclear whether the Defendants
were arguing that Deuteron held the funds on trust directly for the Other
Parties, or whether it was a situation where Deuteron held on trust for the
JD, which in turn held the money beneficially for the Other Parties, or some
variant of the two.

87 In March 2009, when the Other Parties staked their claim to the funds, Ms
Belanovic and Mr Sipovac stated in their affidavits that clearly, the
financial statements stated that _Deuteron_ was to hold the monies for the JD.
“Obviously, _[JD] is in turn holding the [Bank] monies_ in accordance with the
Protocol.” Mr Zoran Matic’s affidavit in February 2009 stated that it was him,
as director of Deuteron, who suggested to the auditors to insert the note in
the financial statements to make clear that the funds were not Deuteron’s. He
said: “I had stated it as belonging to the [JD], as it was _the [JD] who had
the responsibility to the Manufacturers_ under the Protocol … The purpose of
the words I chose was to ensure that the Funds would always be properly
administered according to the Protocol. That was the obligation of the [JD] …
To my mind, _the [JD] was always under a legal duty to protect the Funds for
the Manufacturers_.” [emphasis added]. In the ensuing hearings before the High
Court and the CA in _Teleoptik-Ziroskopi v Westacre_ , it appeared that the
Defendants had taken the position that Deuteron held on trust for JD, who in
turn held on trust for the Other Parties. This may be the reason why the CA
had thought that the High Court had placed undue emphasis on the documents of
Deuteron, as these pertain to the relationship between Deuteron and the JD but
not the relationship between the JD and the Other Parties (which had to be
determined by the four 1991 documents). I can only speculate that perhaps the
Defendants saw obstacles in either approach (see [86)], and thus left the
manner by which the funds were held deliberately ambiguous.

88 Back in December 2005, when Miodrag Milosavljevic, the chief of the legal
department of the JD, filed an affidavit for the registration of the English
judgment in Singapore to be set aside, he had also said: “As per cashheld at
[the Bank], _the [JD] kept the said monies as trustee_ of its sub-suppliers
based on the provisions set forth in Protocol signed on December 28, 1991, in
Singapore … [t]he beneficiaries are the sub-suppliers”. [emphasis added].

89 But throughout the present trial, I was only told that the purported
beneficiaries were the Other Parties. The manner of holding of the trust or
trusts was far from clear. In the light of how the Defendants conducted the
proceedings, I can only surmise that this key aspect of the Defendants’ case
was being deliberately left vague to create more room for manoeuvre.

90 I start with the pleadings in 2012. The JD’s Defence states that the _JD
and Deuteron_ were holding the monies for the Other Parties’ benefit.
Deuteron’s Defence states that _Deuteron_ was holding the monies for the Other
Parties benefit. The Other Parties’ Defence, for example, states that a trust
had been created over the Other Parties’ monies. [emphasis added]. At trial,
as another example, Mr Zoran Matic, when asked to be clear on his position of
which party was holding the money, said: “It was a joint obligation of both,
because, you know, Deuteron – Yugoimport was a shareholder of Deuteron, and
Deuteron acted as per instructions of Yugoimport and there was another
partner”.

91 In JD and Deuteron’s closing submissions, counsel stated that “[a] failure
to earmark [is] at best … a breach of trust on the part of _the trustee_ ”.
[emphasis added]. Since the Protocol stated that “[Deuteron] shall earmark the
funds on the account for the beneficiaries and shall then time deposit them
based on the instructions received from each beneficiary”, it seems that
counsel was referring to Deuteron as the sole trustee here. However, he later
stated that “[i]nsofar as [the JD and Deuteron] are concerned, the Funds are
held for the benefit of [Other Parties]”. In his replying closing submissions,
he stated “ … even if the JD had tried to obtain the release of the money
through whatever method, it had done so, in order for it to be able to fulfil
its obligation under the Protocol vis a vis the Other Parties”. In the Other
Parties’ reply closing submissions, they stated, in response to the JC’s
assertion that the identity of the trustee was uncertain, that Deuteron was
the trustee while the JD had contractual obligations to supervise Deuteron and
ensure that the funds were protected for the benefit of the Other Parties.

92 In view of all this, I sought clarity during the closing arguments on 26
and 27 February 2015 by posing the question expressly. In response to my
query, counsel for the JD and Deuteron said that _both_ the JD and Deuteron
were trustees:

Court: |  Just to clarify, your position is that there is a back-to-back trust, it is Deuteron holds for Yugo and then Yugo holds for other parties, is that your position?  
---|---  
Mr Gabriel: |  Your Honour, that is one of --  
Court: |  Not Deuteron directly holding for the other parties.  
Mr Gabriel: |  The document actually, your Honour would – it all depends on how your Honour looks at the facts. The document is a single document. The obligations are all stipulated in the document. How the parties look at it and interpret is a separate issue from interpretation of the document, which is a matter of law. So whether we say the trust is by Deuteron holding it in trust for JD and then JD holding it in trust for them or whether it is actually a trust that is direct from Deuteron to them, is a matter of legal interpretation which the court –  
Court: |  No, but what’s your position?  
Mr Gabriel: |  Our position is we are both trustees.  
Court: |  Both meaning?  
Mr Gabriel: |  Deuteron is a trustee and Yugoimport is also a trustee. But it is difficult to separate them. It is in the account of Deuteron, as your Honour would know.  
… |   
Mr Gabriel: |  … Both of us are trustees, that is, Deuteron is a trustee and so is Yugoimport. Yugoimport is a trustee because it cannot release any monies unless the instructions of the beneficiaries are given … Deuteron is a trustee, it is trustee for both the other parties and even Yugoimport where it cannot release the money to either one, it can only release if beneficiaries give instructions as per the protocol and the beneficiaries must sign it and then the representative of Yugoimport must initial it and then the money is released. …  
Court: |  Let me try. I know it’s difficult. So what you are saying is there’s only one trust. Because what I’m asking you is, is there a back-to-back; back-to-back means there are two trusts. What you are saying is there’s only one, there aren’t two. I mean, there are quite a number of affidavits from your side saying there are two trusts but put that to one side. You are saying that there’s only one trust.  
Mr Gabriel: |  One trust on both the parties.  
Court: |  On both Deuteron as well as Yugoimport.  
Mr Gabriel: |  Yes. They are both trustees.  
Court: |  Very strange trust, isn’t it.  
  
  

93 I was of the view that this was rather bizarre, and asked counsel if it
would not be simpler to construe two trusts, _ie_ , Deuteron held for the JD
and JD in turn, held for the Other Parties. To that, he replied that that was
“probably the more logical conclusion that I would take, it’s in that sense
it’s a back to back.” He ended by saying that he would clarify his position
the next day. The next day, the instructed counsel of the Other Parties said
that the Other Parties’ position was that Deuteron was the trustee and the
funds were being held for the Other Parties. However, he also said that the JD
was nonetheless a party to the trust – as the JD was the party with the
“substantial commercial interest in the proper administration of the trust”.
Finally, later that day, counsel for the JD and Deuteron said: “So the long
and short of it is … where is the beneficial use. The beneficial use is in the
other parties, Deuteron is holding it in trust, Yugoimport is sitting there as
the person who is administering the trust and that’s the position we take.”

94 Therefore, it was only during the closing arguments, when I posed the
question expressly, that it became clear that the Defendants’ final position
was that there was one trust with one trustee – Deuteron – who held the funds
for the Other Parties, although the JD was an administrator of the trust with
certain powers and duties. Perhaps they had finally realized that the
relationship between the JD and the Other Parties would have been governed
entirely by Yugoslav law, which had no trust concept. I therefore decide on
this case on the basis that Deuteron allegedly holds the funds on trust for
the Other Parties, although the lack of clarity even in the late stages of the
case reflects negatively on the Defendants’ general credibility as a whole.

The credibility of the Defendants in other respects

95 The position that was taken by the JD and Deuteron on the one hand, and the
Other Parties on the other, also seemed to shift in a coordinated fashion. As
an example, Deuteron had been repeating the same admission in its financial
statements between 1998 and 2008 that the funds belonged to the JD. But when
the Other Parties appeared to stake their claim on the funds in 2009, the JD
and Deuteron swung around to support the Other Parties’ claim that they were
the true owners of the funds.

96 Important witnesses, such as Mr Lim – the former Deuteron director – and
the external auditors of Deuteron’s annual statements were not called to
explain the admissions before the shift in position. The witnesses that were
called, such as Mr Zoran Matic, contradicted themselves at trial. For example,
Deuteron sent a letter to the Bank with an attachment payment order to pay a
company in Egypt. Mr Zoran Matic signed the letter as executive director and
authorised signatory. This was clearly an attempt to utilise the monies
although he insisted in his affidavits that the monies were kept intact and
were always “rolled over”. The monies did not leave the accounts because the
Monetary Authority of Singapore instructed for the deposits to remain frozen.
At trial, he said at one point that he had sent the letter as a “desperate
attempt” to get the money unfrozen, and the facts in the letter were not true.
And while he apparently did so at the JD’s instigation, he had stated on
affidavits that “there was never any agreement or request by … the [JD] for
the monies to be transferred outside the jurisdiction”. At trial, it was also
revealed that the JD’s Serbian law expert had acted for the JD in about 15
cases and was still representing the JD in “two or three”.

97 I also have doubts over whether the Other Parties’ lawyer in Serbia, Vukica
Protic (“Ms Protic”), who in turn instructed their Singapore lawyer, had
proper instructions from her clients. She was issued with powers of attorney
by the Other Parties. On 5 August 2013, the JC alerted the Other Parties’
solicitors that Cajavec was in bankruptcy. On the same date, she had affirmed
on behalf of all three Other Parties that their recent records did “not
reflect that the subject funds are being held” by Deuteron in the accounts of
the Bank for the Other Parties. On 12 August 2013, a court order required the
Other Parties to produce their audited accounts. Cajavec did not comply with
the order. It was bankrupt – and it was the JC who brought that fact to the
parties’ attention. In a subsequent affidavit, she then said that she had
“ascertained from the Internet” that the JC was correct to state that her
client was in bankruptcy, and that her power of attorney would cease to be
effective as of the date of commencement of the bankruptcy. Despite laying
claim to about 35% of the funds, there is no sign of the liquidator having had
any contact with Ms Protic. At trial, she confirmed that she had only met a
representative for Zrak-Teslic and Cajavec once, and she did not witness the
execution of the powers of attorney. Therefore, she was dependent on her
opponent to inform her of the bankruptcy of her own client, and upon being
informed, she could find no better information than what was available on the
Internet. It seems that she took instructions mainly from Teleoptik, the
company with the smallest interest in the Advance, at about 10%. As the JC put
it, this was like the “tail wagging the dog”. This raised grave doubts in my
mind as to whether the correct parties were before the court, as well as
whether Ms Protic had proper instructions from the clients that she purported
to represent.

98 The Defendants have relied on the tortured course of history in Yugoslavia
to explain the absence of documentation that would have assisted their claim.
For example, Ms Protic asserts that the Other Parties’ offices were damaged in
the NATO bombing in 1999, which the JC dismisses as a “convenient, vague and
historically inaccurate excuse”. It is impossible for me to ascertain the
truth of such issues, but I am clear that the course of history cuts both ways
– it also gives pause as to whether the Defendants are the right parties to
lay claims on the funds. A brief sojourn into the history of Yugoslavia is
necessary to understand this.

99 Yugoslavia was a former socialist regime that pulled together six
constituent republics, including Bosnia-Herzegovina and Serbia, into a
federation. This was the milieu in which the JD was based. But the federation
disintegrated as the forces of communism ceded to nationalism, leading to
attempts by some of the republics to secede in the early 1990s. The situation
was complicated by the presence of different ethnic groups and religions. In
Bosnia for example, there were Bosnian Muslims, Bosnian Serbs, and Bosnian
Croats. By 1992, a bloody war had erupted among the various groups for control
over territories there. The situation only stabilised in 1995 with the Dayton
Accords, a peace agreement that provided for Bosnia to be preserved as a
single state but with two entities: the Federation of Bosnia and Herzegovina
(mainly Muslims and Croats), and Republika Srpska (Serbs). Today, the JD is a
Serbian state-owned company. The business entities that existed before the
wars seem to have splintered into different companies along the lines of the
new nation-states. I cite just one example – of Zrak-Teslic – which is one of
the Other Parties (besides Cajevac) in the Republic of Srpska in Bosnia.

100 Mr Sipovac testified that: “To put it precisely, there is a Serbian Zrak,
there is a Croatian Zrak and Bosnia or Muslim Zrak, meaning that the same
separation on ethnical basis that prevailed within the civil war struck also
this Zrak Holding company. It was divided along the ethnical lines.” To
support the claim that Zrak-Teslic is the legal successor of the Zrak Holding
of Sarajevo in the 1991 documents, the Other Parties exhibited a decree issued
by the Government of the Republic of Srpska. But the JC says that a Zrak
entity called Zrak DD Sarajevo also exists, in Sarajevo (which is not part of
the Republic of Srpska). Therefore, the question is whether the Other Parties
are even the right parties to stake their claim to the funds. In any event,
Zrak-Teslic has also turned out to be bankrupt, as was pointed out on the
first day of trial on 25 November 2013 based on a search by the JC.
Confirmation of the bankruptcy was only received on 25 February 2014, along
with a new power of attorney purportedly issued by the liquidator. Given my
holding in this case, I do not need to determine this vexed issue of whether
the Other Parties are the proper parties. My point is only that on the whole,
the credibility of the Defendants is suspect.

101 If the Defendants’ version of events in this case is true, they would also
have been liable for various illegal acts in Yugoslavia and in Singapore.
These include the following:

(a) In 1991, Article 48 of the Foreign Exchange Law required the Other Parties
to obtain permission from the National Bank of Yugoslavia to transfer money
overseas. If they indeed owned the Advance, they would have been guilty of
circumventing the legislation as they had no permission to move the Advance
overseas.

(b) Two of the Other Parties are in Bosnia. If the money belonged to the Other
Parties, Deuteron and the JD would have been lying to the Singapore
authorities in 1995 that the funds belonged to the JD’s Yugoslav directors and
had no Bosnian links.

(c) If the funds really belonged to the Other Parties, Deuteron’s directors
and auditors would, in stating that the funds belonged to the JD, been giving
false information in apparent breach of s 402 of the Companies Act. Their
earlier affidavits in this case would also have been false.

102 Lastly, the question remains unanswered as to why the Other Parties never
acted on their claim against the JD in Yugoslavia pursuant to the Commission
Agreement?

Conclusion

103 In conclusion, I find that there is a debt due or accruing due from the
Bank to the JC. The sum is based on the amount of US$15,047,844.44 stated by
the JC in its statement of claim, and will also include the interest that has
accrued since then, subject to the costs order that I make. I therefore hold
that the provisional garnishee order under Summons in Chambers No 2151/2005/B
should be made final.

104 Having had their day in court to show that they owned the beneficial
interest in the funds, the Other Parties have failed to discharge their legal
burden to demonstrate their ownership. Even if the burden had been on the JC
to show that the Other Parties are not beneficial owners, I would still have
been unable to hold for the Other Parties because of the state of their
evidence, which is riddled with contradictions and credibility issues. That
said, I am unable to conclusively determine if the Other Parties are puppets
of the JD to prolong the proceedings.

105 The CA in _Teleoptik-Ziroskopi v Westacre_ (at [43]) also raised the
question of whether the Supply Contract had been frustrated under its proper
law, which might spell the risk of the JD being liable twice for the same debt
– once to the JC under the garnishee order, and once to the foreign buyer
under the Supply Contract’s proper law. Frustration was not an issue that was
properly ventilated during the trial. In any event, given my findings in this
case, any claims that arise are merely contractual in nature, _ie_ , they can
be met by any of the JD’s funds. There is no risk of the JD being liable for
the same debt.

106 The JC had applied under Summons 5128 of 2013 for _inter alia_ , an order
that the defence of Cajavec be struck out and judgment entered for the JC, on
the grounds of non-compliance with the 12 August 2013 court order to produce
its accounts. There is no need to make any order on this in view of my holding
in this case. Summons 5430 of 2013 is an application by the Other Parties’
solicitors to be discharged as solicitors for Cajavec – I will not order the
discharge; as to date, I am not satisfied that they have taken sufficient
steps to ascertain the status of their client.

107 I will hear the parties on costs.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 27 May 2015 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

