Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Buthmanaban s/o Vaithilingam _v_ Krishnavanny d/o Vaithilingam
(administratrix of the estate of Ponnusamy Sivapakiam, deceased) and another  
[2015] SGHC 35

Case Number| :| Suit No 817 of 2012  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 04 February 2015  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Vinodh Coomaraswamy J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  N Kanagavijayan (Kana & Co) for the plaintiff; Muralli
Rajaram and Lim Min (Straits Law Practice LLC) for the first defendant; A
Thamilselvan (Subra TT Law LLC) for the second defendant.  
Parties| :|  Buthmanaban s/o Vaithilingam — Krishnavanny d/o Vaithilingam
(administratrix of the estate of Ponnusamy Sivapakiam, deceased) and another  
  
4 February 2015|  
---|---  
  
Vinodh Coomaraswamy J:

Introduction

1 Ponnusamy Sivapakiam died intestate on 14 February 2008.[note: 1] The single
largest asset of her estate is the property known as 43 Swan Lake Avenue,
Singapore 455725. She purchased the property in her sole name in 1966 at a
price of $28,600. Her estate sold it 2012 at a price of $2.65m. This suit
arises out of a claim by her eldest son, the plaintiff, that he has an
interest in the property in equity over and above his interest in it arising
from Sivapakiam’s intestacy.[note: 2]

2 Sivapakiam had six children: three daughters and three sons. In order of
their birth, her children are:[note: 3]

(a) Krishnavanny d/o Vaithilingam, a daughter and the first defendant;

(b) Buthmanaban s/o Vaithilingam, a son and the plaintiff;

(c) Olagaysbery d/o Vaithilingam a daughter;

(d) V Nithia, a daughter and the second defendant;

(e) Olagappan Vaithilingam Thirumall, a son; and

(f) V Davadass, a son.

3 The two defendants in these proceedings are the two administrators of
Sivapakiam’s estate. Although they are sued jointly in their capacity as
administrators, they have chosen to be represented separately in these
proceedings. That is because they each oppose the plaintiff’s claim to a
different extent and for a different reason.

4 Four of Sivapakiam’s six children gave oral evidence at trial. They are the
plaintiff, the two defendants and Olagaysbery. It is fair to say that the
plaintiff and the first defendant are broadly aligned in their evidence and
approach, while the second defendant and Olagaysbery are broadly aligned in
their evidence and approach. Thirumall and Davadass did not give evidence at
trial. However, at my direction, they each filed an affidavit in the course of
the trial stating their position. They aligned themselves with the second
defendant’s case.

Purchase of the property

5 Sivapakiam’s husband, the late A O Vaithilingam, worked as an overseer in
the Singapore City Council.[note: 4] He and his family resided in staff
quarters along Veerasamy Road.[note: 5] On 18 October 1961, he passed away
intestate.[note: 6] The principal asset of his estate was the money in his
Municipal Provident Fund account amounting to $21,195.77.[note: 7] This money
was subsequently paid out to and held in the estate account. Sivapakiam, as
his widow, was entitled to 50% of this money, with her six children entitled
to share the remaining 50% equally.[note: 8] But no separate distributions
were made and this money was kept on deposit as a single fund.

6 Following Vaithilingam’s death, his family had to vacate the staff quarters
which they occupied.[note: 9] Sivapakiam’s brother, Nadarajan s/o Punnosamy,
took the family in. The family lived behind his residence at 3 Woo Mon Chew
Road, Singapore 455057[note: 10] for the next few years. The plaintiff and the
first defendant (on the one hand) and the second defendant and Olagaysbery (on
the other hand) provide differing accounts of the conditions in which they
lived there. The evidence of the plaintiff and the first defendant is that the
family lived simply but comfortably in an “attap _house_ ” at the back of
Nadarajan’s property at Woo Mon Chew Road.[note: 11] The evidence of the
second defendant and Olagaysbery is that the family lived in squalid
conditions[note: 12] in an “attap _hut_ …amongst a goat shed, a chicken coop
and three bucket system toilets”.[note: 13]

7 This difference of recollection leads the plaintiff and the second defendant
to differ on the reason Sivapakiam purchased the property. The plaintiff says
that she purchased it as an investment.[note: 14] His evidence is that she
consulted Nadarajan over what to do with Vaithilingam’s money.[note: 15]
Nadarajan advised her to invest it in a landed property,[note: 16] and so she
did.[note: 17] The second defendant denies this and avers that Sivapakiam
bought the property not as an investment, but as a home for the family: in
order to escape the squalid conditions in which they lived at Nadarajan’s
property at Woo Mon Chew Road.[note: 18] I record these disputes of fact –
concerning the living conditions at Woo Mon Chew Road and whether the property
was bought as an investment or as a home – as background only. It is not
necessary for me to resolve them in order to determine the plaintiff’s claim.

8 In 1966, the vendor of the property advertised it for sale in _The Straits
Times_.[note: 19] Olagaysbery saw the advertisement and told Nadarajan and
Sivapakiam’s brother-in-law, A Govindasamy about it. Govindasamy went to view
the property and immediately paid $500 to the broker in order to secure the
property. He then asked Sivapakiam and her mother to view the property. They
viewed it and liked it. The plaintiff then viewed the property and he liked it
too. Govindasamy negotiated a purchase price of $28,600. The plaintiff
encouraged Sivapakiam to purchase the property at that price.[note: 20]

9 On 19 October 1966,[note: 21] Sivapakiam purchased the property in her sole
name.[note: 22] The total cost of acquiring the property (including all
transaction costs) was $30,177.70.[note: 23] The acquisition was funded by a
sum of at least $20,000 from the late Vaithilingam’s estate, with the balance
sum provided by Govindasamy.[note: 24]

Sale of the property

10 As mentioned, Sivapakiam died intestate on 14 February 2008.[note: 25] In
September 2010, the first and second defendants were appointed the
administrators of Sivapakiam’s estate.[note: 26] At that time, the plaintiff
and Thirumall were living at the property.

11 It is fair to say that the two administrators are estranged.[note: 27]
Differences emerged between them after their appointment as to how quickly the
property ought to be sold. That led the second defendant to commence
proceedings in February 2012[note: 28] against the plaintiff and the first
defendant (as her co-administrator) seeking an order that the property be sold
within three months and that the plaintiff vacate the property to enable the
conveyance to take place. In August 2012, the second defendant obtained an
order that the property be sold within three months.[note: 29] The property
was sold in October 2012 at a price of $2.65m with completion taking place in
January 2013.[note: 30] The sale proceeds, net of all transaction costs,
amounts to $2,609,417.66.[note: 31]

The parties’ cases

The plaintiff’s case

12 Under Rule 3 of s 7 of the Intestate Succession Act (Cap 146, 1985 Rev Ed),
each of the six beneficiaries is entitled to an equal share in the property
_ie_ , a one-sixth share, or 16.667% each. The plaintiff, however, claims that
he is entitled in equity to a one-third share in the property _before_ any
distribution to his siblings. [note: 32] He therefore claims that one-third
share in equity in addition to his one-sixth share in the remainder of the
property under the intestacy.[note: 33] If the plaintiff’s claim is put in
terms of percentages, he claims to be entitled to a 44.44% share (four-ninths)
in the property comprising a 33.33% share (one-third) in equity plus an
additional 11.11% share (one-sixth of the remaining two-thirds) under the
intestacy.

13 He bases his claim for a one-third share in equity on three alternative
grounds: first, that he is the beneficiary under a resulting trust; second,
that he is the beneficiary under a constructive trust; and third, that a
proprietary estoppel over one-third of the sale proceeds has arisen in his
favour.[note: 34]

Resulting trust

14 The plaintiff argues that a resulting trust arises in his favour because he
made monetary contributions to the purchase of the property.[note: 35] His
case is that he agreed with Govindasamy in 1966 that the money which
Govindasamy paid towards the acquisition cost of the property (see [9] above)
would be treated as an interest-free loan which the plaintiff, being the
eldest son of the family, would be responsible for repaying to
Govindasamy.[note: 36] Over the next 10 years, from 1966 to 1975, the
plaintiff duly repaid the loan to Govindasamy in half-yearly instalments of
$500 each.[note: 37] Govindasamy was content to treat his loan as satisfied
upon payment of a rounded-down sum of $10,000.[note: 38]

Common intention constructive trust

15 Alternatively, the plaintiff argues that he is the owner in equity of a
one-third beneficial interest in the property by virtue of a common intention
constructive trust.[note: 39] The plaintiff contends that Sivapakiam told him
that she wished him to have a beneficial interest in the property after she
learned that he was making repayments to Govindasamy.[note: 40] In particular,
the plaintiff says that Sivapakiam told him that she wished him to have a
beneficial interest amounting to “at least” one-third of the value of the
property.[note: 41]

Proprietary estoppel

16 Finally, the plaintiff relies on the doctrine of proprietary estoppel. He
contends that:

(a) Sivapakiam assured him that he had a beneficial interest in the property
even though he was not its legal owner;[note: 42]

(b) he relied on this assurance by repaying the loan to Govindasamy;[note: 43]
and

(c) the plaintiff suffered a detriment because he paid part of the purchase
price of the property, but is now denied his beneficial interest.[note: 44]

17 Although the plaintiff did not expressly plead reliance on proprietary
estoppel, the second defendant, quite rightly, did not take objection in her
closing submissions to his right to rely on it as an alternative basis for his
claimed beneficial interest. The plaintiff relies on the very same facts to
advance his claim on proprietary estoppel as he does in respect of his claim
for a resulting trust and for a constructive trust. The only additional issues
raised by the alternative claim in proprietary estoppel are pure issues of
law. The second defendant addressed those issues of law in her closing
submissions.

Relief sought

18 Accordingly, the plaintiff’s seeks the following relief:

(a) a declaration that he has a beneficial interest in the property;

(b) an order that he be given 33% of the net sale proceeds of the property;
and

(c) an order that the balance of the net sale proceeds of the property be
divided equally amongst the six children of Sivapakiam, including himself.

The first defendant’s case

19 The plaintiff’s and the first defendant’s case differ only as to the size
of the plaintiff’s beneficial interest. In her three-paragraph defence filed
in these proceedings, the first defendant admits all of the facts pleaded in
the plaintiff’s statement of claim, avers that she accepts that the plaintiff
has a beneficial interest in the property, and states that she will abide by
the court’s decision as to the size of his rightful share. In keeping with her
position, the first defendant made no submissions on the disputed evidence and
confined her submissions to the undisputed evidence and the law.

20 In her evidence in chief, the first defendant accepts that Sivapakiam
intended to give the plaintiff a larger share in the property than the other
children in recognition of his contributions to the family.[note: 45] She also
testified that she wishes to give effect to her mother’s intention, so long as
the plaintiff is reasonable in his claim. She explained in cross-examination
that his claim for a one-third interest in addition to his interest under the
intestacy to be reasonable. When I asked her during cross-examination what she
thought was a reasonable share for the plaintiff, she said it would be between
20% and 25% of the property.[note: 46] She was reluctant to venture those
figures, however, and did so only after I pressed her on the issue. Those
figures are not part of her case in this action.

The second defendant’s case

21 The second defendant denies that Sivapakiam ever intended that the
plaintiff should have a larger share of the property and rejects any legal
basis on which the plaintiff can claim that larger share.

Whether the decision of the court binds the beneficiaries who are not parties
to this suit

22 There is a preliminary issue I should deal with before proceeding to
determine the factual and legal disputes. That issue is the extent to which
the judgment in this suit will bind the three beneficiaries of Sivapakiam’s
estate who are not parties to this suit. These three beneficiaries are
Olagaysbery, Thirumall and Davadass. It will be recalled that Olagaysbery gave
evidence at trial as a witness for the defence. She opposes the plaintiff’s
claim. Thirumall and Davadass did not give evidence at trial but informed me
by separate affidavits that they too oppose the plaintiff’s claim.

23 The position of these three non-party beneficiaries is governed by O 15 r
14 of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2006 Rev Ed). That rule provides that
any judgment or order given or made in proceedings brought by or against the
administrators of an estate in their capacity as such is binding on all
persons having a beneficial interest in that estate. Accordingly, the non-
party beneficiaries are bound by this judgment because the plaintiff has
brought these proceedings against both administrators of Sivapakiam’s estate
in that capacity.

24 The second defendant submits that the non-party beneficiaries ought to have
been joined as parties to these proceedings and, because the plaintiff has
failed to do so, they are not bound.[note: 47] For this submission, she first
relies on the uncontroversial principle that the administrators of an estate
must act jointly in order to bind the estate (see _Tacplas Property Services
Pte Ltd v Lee Peter Michael (administrator of the estate of Lee Ching Miow,
deceased)_ [2000] 1 SLR(R) 159 at [37]–[39]). She then relies on the proviso
to O 15 r 14. The effect of that proviso is that non-party beneficiaries are
not bound by the outcome proceedings against the administrators of an estate
if “the Court in the same or other proceedings [so] orders on the ground that
the…administrators…could not or did not in fact represent the interests of
those persons in the first-mentioned proceedings.” The second defendant argues
that the proviso applies in this case because the administrators are not
acting jointly in these proceedings, as they are obliged to do. Instead, they
have taken different positions through different solicitors in defending the
plaintiff’s claim. It is only the second defendant who resists the plaintiff’s
claim in its entirety; by contrast, the first defendant supports the
plaintiff’s claim, at least in part. Therefore, she submits, one of the two
administrators before the court does not represent the non-party
beneficiaries’ interests in these proceedings, thereby bringing these
proceedings within the proviso to O 15 r 14.

25 This argument misconstrues the meaning of “represent”. “Represent”, as is
used in O 15 r 14 means to “act or speak for (another) by a deputed right”:
_The New Shorter Oxford English Dictionary on Historical Principles_ vol 2
(Lesley Brown ed) (Clarendon Press, 1993) at p 2552. It is the base for the
word “representative”, which has been defined in _Black’s Law Dictionary_
(Bryan A Garner ed) (Thomson West, 10th Ed, 2014) at p 1494 as “[s]omeone who
stands for or acts on behalf of another”. Examples of “lawful
representative[s]” given include “executor[s]” and “administrator[s]”.

26 It is in this sense that the Court of Appeal decided that the trustees in
earlier proceedings did not _represent_ the respondent in _Seah Peng Koon and
others (the trustees of the estate of Seah Liang Seah, deceased) v Seah Peng
Song_ [1993] 1 SLR(R) 480 (“ _Seah Peng Koon_ ”). At [15], the Court of Appeal
held that the respondent's interest as a contingent _corpus_ beneficiary arose
not through the estate of his father but in his own right. Therefore, the
trustees of the estate of his father were incapable of representing the
respondent in the earlier proceedings because the respondent’s interest was
not held through the trustees. There is no doubt in the present case that the
three non-party beneficiaries’ interest arises through, and only through, the
intestacy. The non-party beneficiaries’ position is advanced in this
litigation by at least one of the administrators: the second defendant.
Indeed, as her affidavit of evidence in chief makes clear, she takes the
position which she does in these proceedings not only on her own behalf as
both a beneficiary and a co-administrator but also on behalf of all of her
siblings, leaving aside only the plaintiff and the first defendant.[note: 48]
The second defendant therefore represents the non-party beneficiaries in every
sense of the word.

27 The case of _Tacplas_ , which the second defendant cites, concerns a
different situation. In _Tacplas_ , the issue before the court was whether an
agreement for the sale of property owned by an estate, which had been entered
into by one of the two administrators of an estate acting alone, bound the
estate. The Court of Appeal held, at [39], that it did not. _Tacplus_
therefore stands for the proposition that the administrators of an estate must
act jointly in concluding a contract in order for the contract to bind the
estate as principal; it does not oblige administrators of an estate to take
identical positions in litigation. The principle articulated in _Tacplus_ is
irrelevant to the question of whether a court’s _decision in proceedings
against the administrators of an estate (in their capacity as administrators)_
binds the beneficiaries of the estate.

28 The fact that the administrators’ positions in this litigation are not
aligned therefore does not mean that they do not represent the three non-party
beneficiaries of the estate in these proceedings for the purposes of O 15 r
14. All six beneficiaries of Sivapakiam’s estate are bound by my decision.

Disputed issues of fact

29 There are four key issues of fact which are disputed:

(a) The sum of money originating from Vaithilingam’s estate account which
Sivapakiam used to purchase the property and, by implication, the balance sum
paid by Govindasamy upon completion;[note: 49]

(b) Whether the balance sum paid by Govindasamy was a gift to the family or a
loan to the family that the plaintiff was to repay;[note: 50]

(c) Whether the plaintiff repaid Govindasamy the sum of $10,000 over 10
years;[note: 51] and

(d) Whether Sivapakiam acknowledged during her lifetime that the plaintiff was
to have a larger share in the property than her five other children.[note: 52]

Exact amount of funds from the estate account and Govindasamy

30 The first issue is relevant only if a resulting trust arises in favour of
the plaintiff. I hold at [80] that no resulting trust arises on the law. It is
therefore not necessary for me to resolve the disputes of fact on the first
issue.

31 In any event, I note that the parties’ pleaded positions on the first issue
are in fact fairly close. The plaintiff pleads in his Statement of Claim that
he went with Sivapakiam to withdraw the round figure of $20,000 from the
estate account to fund the purchase of the property.[note: 53] The first
defendant admits the plaintiff’s case in her defence, but during cross-
examination said that the amount was “20,000-plus”. The second defendant
pleads in her Defence that the entire balance in the estate account[note: 54]
went towards the purchase price.[note: 55] The plaintiff’s account in his
evidence differs somewhat from his pleaded position. It is not necessary for
me to detail and resolve those differences either.

32 The key undisputed point is that the family paid about $20,000 towards the
purchase of the property leaving a balance of about $10,000 which Govindasamy
funded.

Whether the balance paid by Govindasamy was a loan or a gift

33 The second issue concerns Govindasamy’s intent in paying the balance sum
towards the purchase of the property. The plaintiff and the first defendant
(on the one hand) and the second defendant and Olagaysbery (on the other hand)
take diametrically opposed positions. The plaintiff claims the money was
advanced from the outset as a loan to him, which he duly repaid over 10 years.
The second defendant claims Govindasamy advanced the money as an outright gift
to Sivapakiam.[note: 56]

34 To support his case that the Govindasamy lent the balance sum rather than
making a gift of it, the plaintiff paints him as a person who would not be
likely to make a gift of that magnitude. The plaintiff highlights the
following facts about Govindasamy:

(a) Govindasamy was a licensed moneylender[note: 57] and a
“materialistic”[note: 58] person who extended the loan only after securing an
assurance from the plaintiff that he would repay it;[note: 59]

(b) Govindasamy and Vaithilingam had had an acrimonious relationship;

(c) Govindasamy had seven children of his own to provide for;[note: 60] and

(d) Govindasamy was living in rented premises in 1966 and could not have been
so generous as to make a gift of a sum of money which he could put towards
purchasing a property of his own.[note: 61]

35 The second defendant’s evidence, supported by Olagaysbery, is that
Govindasamy paid the balance sum as a gift to Sivapakiam and out of respect
for Vaithilingam.[note: 62] Sivapakiam disliked the feeling of being obliged
to anyone, and so repaid Govindasamy in full over the years. She did so out of
money which was regularly given to her for her own use by those of her
children who were then earning a salary and living with her: namely, the
plaintiff, the second defendant and Olagaysbery.

36 According to the second defendant, Govindasamy was a kind-hearted person
who was likely to have made a gift of that magnitude.[note: 63] She gives the
following examples to illustrate his generosity:

(a) Govindasamy gave the family household provisions and necessities after
Vaithilingam passed away;[note: 64]

(b) Govindasamy permitted the first defendant to stay at his Braddell Road
property rent-free from 1963 to 1972;[note: 65]

(c) Govindasamy paid part of the first defendant’s wedding expenses;[note: 66]
and

(d) Govindasamy paid for Olagaysbery’s English tuition.[note: 67]

37 She also points out that there is no documentary evidence produced that
Govindasamy advanced the money as a loan, for example, a promissory note or an
IOU given to Govindasamy.[note: 68] Indeed, there is no suggestion that any
such documentation was ever brought into existence.

38 I find that Govindasamy advanced the balance sum neither as a loan nor as a
gift. I find that Govindasamy the paid the money towards the purchase price
out of a genuine desire to help Sivapakiam and her family in their straitened
circumstances at a time of need and with an expectation that he would be
repaid but without seeking to extract in advance of his payment any agreement
from Sivapakiam or from the plaintiff to repay him. I make this finding for a
number of reasons.

39 First, I accept that Govindasamy was indeed a kind-hearted person. The
alleged acrimonious relationship between Govindasamy and Vaithilingam seems to
have originated from Vaithilingam and appears to have been confined to
relations between the two men. The acrimony does not appear to have affected
Govindasamy’s relationship with the rest of the family, at least after
Vaithilingam passed away. The evidence given of his generosity after
Vaithilingam’s death is largely undisputed. Even the plaintiff accepts that
Govindasamy was generous to the daughters of the family and did the things
described at [36]. In addition, the plaintiff accepts that Govindasamy gave
the second defendant a job.[note: 69] Govindasamy clearly displayed a genuine
and enduring concern for the family’s welfare.[note: 70]

40 Second, Govindasamy was prepared to pay other sums towards the purchase of
the property even without a prior assurance of repayment. It is common
ground[note: 71] that Govindasamy paid $500 (the equivalent today of over
$40,000 measured against the value of the property) as a deposit to
secure[note: 72] the property on the spot at the time of his first viewing,
even before he approached Sivapakiam and the plaintiff to ask them if they
wanted to purchase it. The plaintiff concedes that when Govindasamy negotiated
the purchase price, he “would not have known… whether [the plaintiff] could
afford to pay”.[note: 73] Tellingly, Govindasamy paid the $500 knowing that it
might be forfeit if Sivapakiam declined to go through with the transaction. Of
course, if Sivapakiam declined the opportunity, Govindasamy might have
intended to purchase the house for himself. But it is in itself an act of
generosity for Govindasamy to offer Sivapakiam a right of first refusal over
an investment opportunity which Govindasamy had put his own money at risk to
secure.

41 Most tellingly, however, was the consistent evidence from the parties is
that Govindasamy never pressed for repayment. Given that Govindasamy was a
moneylender, this suggests to me very strongly that Govindasamy did not seek
or secure from any member of the family the benefit of a promise to repay
before he agreed to pay or actually paid the balance sum.

42 I do not accept the plaintiff’s assertion that Govindasamy was generous
only to the daughters of the family because (according to the plaintiff) he
made the plaintiff shoulder the financial responsibility of repaying the
balance sum.[note: 74] Even taking the plaintiff’s case to be true,
Govindasamy’s generosity is apparent. Govindasamy was advancing approximately
one-third of the value of the property. Measured against the value of the
property, that is the equivalent today of over $850,000. Yet, if the plaintiff
is to be believed, Govindasamy agreed to extend the loan interest free and
allowed the plaintiff indefinite time to repay the loan. He also did not fix
how frequently the part-payments had to be made. And Govindasamy rounded down
the sum to be repaid, thereby forgiving the plaintiff’s obligation to repay
the full amount of the loan.

43 The circumstances therefore suggest that Govindasamy was a man of means and
a generous man who was willing to extend financial assistance to the family in
1966 out of love and affection and without conditions in order to help them
purchase the property as their home.

44 These findings do not, however, necessarily lead to a finding that the
advance was a gift. I bear in mind first of all that the balance sum, measured
against the value of the property, is the equivalent today of over $850,000.
There is absolutely no evidence before me that Govindasamy ever made any
positive statement that he intended the balance sum to be a gift to the
family. The sole basis upon which the second defendant and Olagaysbery assert
that the money was a gift is an oral promise that Govindasamy and Vaithilingam
made to each other and which was later allegedly recounted to
Olagaysbery.[note: 75] That promise was that whichever man survived the other
would take care of the other’s family. Olagaysbery’s evidence is that, in
fulfilment of that promise, Govindasamy said he would “take care” of the
shortfall in the purchase price.[note: 76] But even if Govindasamy made that
promise to Vaithilingam, it does not necessarily lead to the conclusion that
Govindasamy made a _gift_ of the balance sum. Extending financial assistance
in a time of need without seeking any assurance of repayment is in itself a
generous act which is of undoubted assistance.

45 There is no evidence before me that Govindasamy ever agreed with the
plaintiff that he would have to repay the balance sum. I cannot therefore find
on the balance of probabilities that the advance was a loan. But by the same
token, there is no evidence before me that Govindasamy ever agreed with the
family that they would not have to repay the balance sum. I cannot therefore
find that on the balance of probabilities that money was a gift. To my mind,
it is more likely than not that Govindasamy advanced the balance sum to the
family without indicating whether it was a loan or a gift, with at most an
unexpressed, internal expectation that the money would be repaid, but with a
willingness to wait for repayment – however long that might take – and with a
willingness to forgive whatever could not be repaid.

46 I therefore find that the plaintiff’s assertion that Govindasamy advanced
the balance sum as a loan has been disproved. My finding that the advance was
made without any indication or agreement as to whether it was to be advanced
as a loan or as a gift necessarily excludes the plaintiff’s assertion that
that the advance was a loan (_cf Loo Chay Sit v Estate of Loo Chay Loo,
deceased_ [2010] 1 SLR 286 at [18]).

Whether the plaintiff repaid Govindasamy

47 The third issue is whether the plaintiff actually repaid Govindasamy.

48 The plaintiff’s case is that he repaid Govindasamy $500 every six months
over a period of 10 years from 1966 to 1975. In order to scrape together
enough money to make those payments, the plaintiff worked two jobs. His main
work was with the Public Utilities Board, and his part-time work was as a
tutor. His account of repaying Govindasamy is corroborated by the first
defendant and Nadarajan. All three are consistent in their evidence that the
plaintiff did make loan repayments,[note: 77] although the amounts which they
claim that the plaintiff repaid to Govindasamy differ. I am inclined to accept
their evidence.

49 The second defendant cannot contradict the plaintiff’s direct evidence with
direct evidence of her own, _ie_ evidence given from her own personal
knowledge. She points out, however, that there is no documentary proof of
repayment, for example, in the form of receipts given by Govindasamy.[note:
78] The plaintiff says that there were no receipts or other formal
documentation generated and exchanged between the parties to evidence the
repayments because he and Govindasamy trusted each other. I accept the
plaintiff’s evidence. While the sum of $10,000 was indeed a large sum for the
time, the family context of the case has to be borne in mind. It is to be
expected that family members approach matters – even financial matters for
large amounts – with a substantial degree of informality and trust. Thus, the
second defendant’s submission that the absence of formal documentation
contradicts the plaintiff’s case on repayment is not one which I can accept.
It is entirely possible that the Plaintiff and Govindasamy may each have kept
their own, informal, records but it is not at all surprising that those
records should not be available today.

50 As such, I find that the plaintiff did repay Govindasamy. I do not need
make a finding on the exact amount which the plaintiff repaid because of my
finding at [80] that there is no resulting trust. The only finding which is
important, and which I do make, is that the plaintiff paid a substantial sum
to Govindasamy over a period of 10 years which was referable to the balance
sum which Govindasamy had paid to enable Sivapakiam to purchase the property.

Whether Sivapakiam acknowledged that the plaintiff was to have a beneficial
interest in the property

51 I turn now to the fourth issue, which pertains on an alleged understanding
between Sivapakiam and the plaintiff as to the plaintiff’s interest in the
property. Again, the parties are diametrically opposed.

52 The plaintiff contends that Sivapakiam knew that he had paid Govindasamy a
sum equivalent to and referable to the balance sum, was grateful to him as a
result, and was motivated by that feeling of gratitude to give him a
beneficial interest in the property. In particular, the plaintiff claims that
Sivapakiam told him that she would not have become the owner of the property
if not for him, and that, as he was the only child who paid anything towards
the purchase of the property, he was entitled to at least a one-third share in
the property.[note: 79]

53 This is entirely denied by the second defendant. Her evidence is that
Sivapakiam never acknowledged that the plaintiff was to have a beneficial
interest in the property. It is the second defendant’s primary position: (a)
that Govindasamy made a gift to Sivapakiam of the balance sum and (b) that the
plaintiff never repaid Govindasamy. On that basis, the second defendant
asserts that Sivapakiam had no reason to be grateful to the plaintiff and no
reason to make a gift to him of a beneficial interest in the property. I add,
parenthetically, that as a matter of law, the plaintiff’s argument that he is
the beneficiary under a resulting trust would fail if it were established
either that (a) Govindasamy made a gift of the balance sum; or (b) that the
Plaintiff did not repay Govindasamy.

54 The second defendant also points out that, if Sivapakiam had indeed wanted
the plaintiff to have a beneficial interest in the property, she could or
would have done the following:

(a) Informed her other children of that intention;[note: 80]

(b) Written a will to make clear her intention; and

(c) Registered the plaintiff as a co-owner of the property.[note: 81]

Sivapakiam did none of these things.

55 The plaintiff deals with these three points as follows:

(a) First, according to the plaintiff, Sivapakiam did not inform the other
beneficiaries of her intention because she was not on good terms with them.
Specifically, Sivapakiam would not have confided in the second defendant and
Olagaysbery[note: 82] because they married out of their clan[note: 83] and
were therefore “estranged” from Sivapakiam.[note: 84] Sivapakiam also did not
tell her younger sons, Thirumall and Davadass, because she did not trust
them.[note: 85] Therefore, only the plaintiff, the first defendant and
Sivapakiam herself knew of her intention.

(b) Second, the plaintiff says that he did prompt Sivapakiam to make a will in
1995. She was unwilling to make one at that time but told him that she would
do so “later on”.[note: 86]

(c) Third, the plaintiff says that while Sivapakiam could easily have
registered the plaintiff as a co-owner of the property, he did not broach the
topic with her as he did not want to hurt her feelings.[note: 87]

56 The first defendant’s evidence is that Sivapakiam told her on several
occasions that if the property were sold, the plaintiff should receive a
higher proportion of the proceeds of sale.[note: 88] This is evidence against
the first defendant’s own financial interest. I therefore attach great weight
to it and accept it as true. This evidence refutes the second defendant’s
argument that Sivapakiam made no acknowledgement about the division of the
property during her lifetime other than it should left “to the government”,
which the second defendant took to mean an equal division between the six
children.[note: 89]

57 On the other hand, however, I cannot accept the plaintiff’s evidence that
Sivapakiam acknowledged then that the plaintiff had a _present beneficial
interest_ in the property. I draw a distinction here between a present
beneficial or other proprietary interest in the property and an indication of
a _future_ interest in the _proceeds of sale_ of that property. The fact
remains that Sivapakiam never (a) acknowledged to anyone other than the
plaintiff that he had a present beneficial interest in the property itself or
(b) took any steps or gave any indication of an intent to convey any sort of
present interest in the property to him, for example by registering him as a
co-owner.

58 Thus, I find myself again unable to accept on the balance of probabilities
the whole of either the plaintiff’s or the second defendant’s case. I now set
out what I find to have happened. It is common ground that Sivapakiam was a
woman who prided herself on her family’s self-reliance and who did not want to
be obliged to anyone.[note: 90] It is also common ground that Sivapakiam knew
that Govindasamy had made the purchase of the property possible by advancing
the balance sum. I have found that Govindasamy advanced that sum with an
unexpressed, internal expectation of repayment, but was content to set no
terms for repayment and also to forgive whatever sums could not be repaid. I
accept the plaintiff’s evidence that he and Sivapakiam discussed these matters
at the time the property was purchased or soon after. But I accept only two
features of the plaintiff’s evidence about this discussion. First, I accept
that the plaintiff undertook to Sivapakiam – it does not matter whether it was
of his own initiative or at her request – that he would make payments to
Govindasamy to discharge the family’s moral obligation to him. Second, I
accept also that Sivapakiam told the plaintiff that if he did so, she would
give him a larger share in the proceeds of sale of the property. I have
already found (at [50]) that the plaintiff made the payments which he
undertook to Sivapakiam to make to Govindasamy. I accept the plaintiff’s
evidence that Sivapakiam knew of this at the time that he was making the
payments and that she knew when he finished making the payments. The resulting
feeling of gratitude motivated and sustained Sivapakiam’s intention over the
years to give a larger proportion of the proceeds of sale of the property to
the plaintiff. That remained her intention until her death.

59 I find, however, that Sivapakiam never intended or agreed to give the
plaintiff a present, quantified beneficial interest in the property or that
she ever acknowledged that he had any such interest. There is no independent
evidence, whether from the first defendant or any other source, to support the
plaintiff’s case that Sivapakiam intended and acknowledged that he had such an
interest in the property. Indeed, both aspects are inconsistent with the first
defendant’s evidence that Sivapakiam expressed an intention that the plaintiff
should receive an _unquantified_ higher proportion of the _proceeds of sale_
of the property at some point _in the future_.

60 In conclusion, I find on the balance of probabilities that Sivapakiam was
grateful to the plaintiff and told him that she would give effect to her
gratitude by giving him a larger than equal share in the proceeds of sale of
the property at some point in the future. However, I find that Sivapakiam
never agreed to give the plaintiff a present, quantified beneficial interest
in the property or that she ever acknowledged that he had any such interest.

Disputed issues of law

61 Having determined the factual disputes, I now turn to the legal issues. I
start my analysis with the legal title to the property. In the present case,
the property was conveyed upon purchase to Sivapakiam in her sole name. Upon
conveyance, therefore, Sivapakiam held the entire legal title to the property.
I should point out that about two-thirds of the funds to purchase the property
came from the estate account of Vaithilingam. In strict legal terms,
therefore, each child had a one-twelfth interest in those funds arising from
Vaithilingam’s intestacy with Sivapakiam having the remaining one-half
interest. But no party suggests that that one-twelfth interest of each child
ought to be followed in equity into the property which Sivapakiam purchased
with that money. So I take as my starting point the fact that Sivapakiam was
the sole legal owner of the property upon its conveyance to her, with her
legal interest standing alone, entirely free of any underlying equitable
interests.

62 The presumption is that an owner of a legal estate in land is absolutely
entitled to every incident of ownership of that land to the extent reflected
in the legal title. At this point in the inquiry, there are no equitable
interests in the land to speak of. Equitable interests are not inherent in
property, created and existing automatically and in parallel with legal
interests: _Westdeutsche Landesbank Girozentrale v Islington London Borough
Council_ [1996] 1 AC 669 (“ _Westdeutsche_ ”) at 706. An equitable interest in
property comes into existence only when one of a limited number of sets of
events takes place which are legally significant in that equity attaches
consequences to them which have proprietary effect.

63 There is one exception to this general statement which must be borne in
mind, lest it cause confusion when reading the English cases. The exception
arises when there is an allegation of a beneficial interest in co-owned land.
In Singapore land law, it is perfectly permissible for two or more persons to
hold land at law as joint tenants or as tenants in common. As with any other
species of property, their legal title will be subject to no equitable
interests save as a consequence of one of the specified sets of legally
significant events taking place. In Singapore, therefore, there are always two
distinct questions to be resolved when dealing with an allegation of a
beneficial interest in land: (a) whether, and if so how, a beneficial interest
arises; and (b) if it does, what is the extent of that beneficial interest.
This is so whether legal title to the land is held solely or jointly.

64 The position in English land law is quite different, at least where land is
co-owned. In English land law, every conveyance of land to two or more persons
as co-owners gives rise automatically to a statutory trust under which the co-
owners hold the land as joint tenants at law as trustee for all of the co-
owners (see s 34(2), s 34(3) and s 36(1) of the English Law of Property Act
1925 (c. 20)). Thus English land law, in this specific context, _does_ create
beneficial interests in parallel with, and upon the conveyance of, the legal
title and does so automatically, without regard to the intention of the person
conveying the land or of the persons taking the conveyance. The result is that
in cases of this nature, there is no need to resolve the question whether any
beneficial interests exist: they exist axiomatically. The only question to be
resolved is the extent of the co-owners’ beneficial interests.

65 As mentioned at [13], the plaintiff now relies on any one of three sets of
legally-significant events to show that he has acquired an equitable interest
in the property. First, he argues that the fact that he funded the purchase of
the property confers upon him a beneficial interest under a purchase-money
resulting trust. Second, he argues that he and Sivapakiam had a common
intention, up until the point of her death, that he be given a one-third share
in the property in reliance of which he repaid Govindasamy a sum of about
$10,000. That, he argues, confers upon him a beneficial interest under a
common intention constructive trust. Third, he argues that Sivapakiam promised
him a one-third share in the property in reliance of which he paid Govindasamy
over the years a sum of about $10,000. Thus, he argues that an equity has
arisen in his favour estopping the estate from denying that he has a
beneficial interest in the property, with the court empowered to satisfy that
equity with proprietary relief.

Whether a resulting trust arises in favour of the plaintiff

The law on purchase money resulting trusts

66 The purchase money resulting trust is the consequence which equity attaches
to one set of legally-significant events which can bring into existence an
equitable interest. A purchase money resulting trust arises in favour of A
where A pays, wholly or in part, for the purchase of property, legal title to
which is vested in B alone or in the joint names of A and B (_Westdeutsche_ at
708; approved in _Lau Siew Kim v Yeo Guan Chye Terence and another_ [2008] 2
SLR(R) 108 (“ _Lau Siew Kim_ ”) at [34]). The legally significant event which
equity responds to in this case is the payment made by a person for the
purchase of property for which he does not receive a corresponding part of the
legal title. That event gives rise to a rebuttable presumption of law that A
did not intend to pass a beneficial interest to B. The result is that B holds
his legal title to the property on trust for A such that A’s beneficial
interest in the property is of the same proportion to the whole of the
property as A’s contribution was to the whole of the purchase price (_Lau Siew
Kim_ at [46]). This presumption of law can be rebutted by evidence that A had
a contrary intention (for example, either that A intended to benefit B by the
advance or that A intended the advance to be a loan following which B would be
liable to A _in personam_ for the payment of a debt).

67 Under a purchase money resulting trust, therefore, two consequences follow
at the same time from the same set of legally-significant events: (a)
beneficial interests are created; (b) the relative size of those beneficial
interests are fixed. This makes the purchase money resulting trust inflexible
in two respects. First, the parties’ beneficial interests are created only at
the time the property is purchased (_Lau Siew Kim_ at [112]). Each party’s
beneficial interest vests immediately and immutably at that time. The purchase
money resulting trust is incapable of taking into account events which occur
_after_ the parties purchase the property. It disregards entirely all such
events, such as changes in the parties’ intentions or changes in the parties’
circumstances.

68 Second, the strict calculus of the resulting trust takes into account only
_financial_ contributions at the time of purchase (_Lau Siew Kim_ at [114]).
Non-financial contributions made at whatever time are disregarded. Even
financial contributions referable to the property but which are made _after_
the property is purchased are disregarded. This includes subsequent
contributions in the form of part-repayments of principal or interest under a
purchase-money loan, even though such contributions are financial in nature,
and even though they are referable to the purchase price.

69 Exceptionally, repayments of a loan will be taken into account in computing
the parties’ beneficial interests under a purchase money resulting trust if,
and only if, they are made pursuant to an agreement reached at the time of the
purchase between the parties as to the ultimate source of the funds for the
purchase (_Lau Siew Kim_ at [116] and [117]). The existence of such an
agreement critically distinguishes a financial contribution to the purchase
price (which is capable of giving rise to an equitable interest under this
species of trust) from a payment to reduce an existing monetary debt (which is
not). As explained in _The Law of Trusts and Equitable Obligations_ by Robert
Pearce, John Stevens and Warren Barr (Oxford University Press, 5th Ed, 2010)
at p 276:

… unless there is a repayment agreement made before the mortgage was entered
into, payment of the mortgage instalments on a property will not give rise to
the presumption of resulting trust, as they are technically not payments to
the purchase price, but the reduction of an existing monetary debt.

No resulting trust

70 I have found that Govindasamy paid the balance sum towards the purchase
price at the time of purchase; and that the plaintiff paid a sum equivalent to
the balance sum to Govindasamy over the next ten years. All of the
contributions to the purchase price which the plaintiff claims to have made
came after the purchase. The only way in which these post-purchase payments
can be counted as a financial contribution to the purchase price sufficient to
give rise to a resulting trust is if the financial contributor (the plaintiff)
reached an agreement with the legal owner (Sivapakiam) at the time she
acquired her legal interest in the property (in 1966) that the plaintiff was
to be treated as the ultimate source of the balance sum by virtue of his
undertaking to make repayments to Govindasamy in the future.

71 The plaintiff appears to assert the existence of such an agreement:[note:
91]

I then told my mother that although I would be putting her name as the sole
proprietor of the…property, I have beneficial interests in the property and
that I was paying to Govindasamy in monthly instalments the sum of money that
Govindasamy had paid towards the purchase of the property inclusive of the
deposit payment of $500.00. My mother acknowledged that I had a beneficial
interests [sic] in the…property although my name was not included as a co-
owner.

72 I do not accept this evidence. I would be very surprised indeed if two lay
persons in 1966 contemplating the purchase of a property would even have known
what a beneficial interest was, let alone have had a conversation like the one
that the plaintiff describes. I would find it even more surprising if it were
revealed that such a conversation took place between parent and child in the
context of purchasing a family home in circumstances where there was a
pressing need to house a family which had lost its breadwinner. It is
undisputed that Sivapakiam was not a sophisticated person and lacked formal
education. Thus, I find the plaintiff’s account of his agreement with
Sivapakiam to be fanciful. I find that the plaintiff and Sivapakiam reached no
agreement at the time the property was purchased that the plaintiff was to be
treated as the “ultimate source of funds” (see _Lau Siew Kim_ at [116]) by
virtue of his undertaking to repay the balance sum that Govindasamy had
advanced. Thus, there is no basis for finding that a resulting trust had
arisen in his favour.

73 The only other agreement pleaded by the plaintiff is an agreement between
himself and Govindasamy. The plaintiff pleads in paragraph 10 of the Statement
of Claim that: “[t]he Plaintiff then requested if…Govindasamy could pay the
balance purchase price plus other outgoings towards the purchase of the
property and that the Plaintiff undertook to return to Govindasamy the balance
purchase price”. I have found that there was no such request or undertaking.
But even if there had been, it is irrelevant on a resulting trust analysis.
The plaintiff does not claim a beneficial interest as against Govindasamy but
as against Sivapakiam. Any such agreement between the plaintiff and
Govindasamy can relate only to the repayment of a loan and cannot have the
consequence of creating a beneficial interest in the property.

Chan Yuen Lan

74 At the time I delivered my decision in this case, the Court of Appeal had
yet to release its decision in _Chan Yuen Lan v See Fong Mun_ [2014] 3 SLR
1048 (“ _Chan Yuen Lan_ ”). The Court of Appeal’s judgment in that case is now
available. In it, the Court of Appeal expresses certain views on resulting
trusts which might be thought to affect my determination of the plaintiff’s
claim to a beneficial interest under a resulting trust.

75 In _Chan Yuen Lan_ (at [53]–[57]), the Court of Appeal states that it is
minded to consider whether, in order to take into account the realities of
mortgage repayment, it ought to relax the strict rule distinguishing between
the consequences on a resulting trust analysis of: (a) contributions made
towards the discharge of a mortgage pursuant to a prior agreement made at the
time of purchase; and (b) contributions made towards the discharge of a
mortgage without any such prior agreement.

76 For four reasons, I do not consider that this observation affects my
conclusion that the plaintiff does not have a beneficial interest in the
property on the resulting trust analysis. First, I read what the Court of
Appeal stated in _Chan Yuen Lan_ as an observation rather than a conclusion.
In this part of its judgment, the Court of Appeal acknowledges academic and
judicial criticism in other jurisdictions of the strict rule and accepts that
relaxing the rule is an approach which it ought to consider. But it does not
express a concluded view on the matter. I therefore do not read the Court of
Appeal’s judgment in _Chan Yuen Lan_ as actually having relaxed the strict
rule in Singapore law, as opposed to foreshadowing the possibility that the
Court of Appeal might one day do so.

77 Second, the Court of Appeal’s observation in _Chan Yuen Lan_ was _obiter
dicta_. _Chan Yuen Lan_ did not involve mortgage finance and therefore did not
require the Court of Appeal to decide how repayments towards a mortgage should
be treated on the resulting trust analysis. By contrast, the Court of Appeal
in _Lau Siew Kim_ adopted and applied the strict rule to hold that a
subsequent repayment of an overdraft in one co-owner’s sole name by a loan
taken in both co-owners’ joint names could not be treated as a contribution to
the purchase price by both co-owners because there was no evidence that, at
the time of purchase, the co-owners had agreed that the joint loan would be
taken out and treated as the ultimate source of part of the purchase money for
the property. The strict rule therefore formed part of _Lau Siew Kim’s ratio
decidendi_ (see [119] and [123]). I continue to be bound by _Lau Siew Kim_ ,
despite the doubt cast on it in _Chan Yuen Lan_.

78 Third, _Chan Yuen Lan_ referred to the rule only in the context of
repayments made towards the discharge of a _mortgage_. Repayments towards the
discharge of a mortgage do more than simply reduce the personal liability of
the borrower. These repayments also have proprietary consequences in equity
for the mortgagor because they enlarge his equity of redemption. It is not at
all clear to me that the Court of Appeal in _Chan Yuen Lan_ intended to
revisit the strict rule in respect of repayments which go to reduce a
_personal_ obligation, even if that obligation is ultimately referable to the
purchase of the property. On the facts of the present case, of course, there
was no mortgage. And I have found that the plaintiff was not even subject to a
personal obligation to repay the balance money.

79 Finally, the presumption of resulting trust is rebutted by evidence that
the contributor intended to benefit the recipient. For this purpose, it is the
contributor’s intention at the time of purchase which is determinative, not
any intention he may have formed at some later point in time. Insofar as the
plaintiff resolved and undertook to Sivapakiam at or around the time she
purchased the property that he would make payments to Govindasamy which were
referable to the balance sum, I find that he did so out of love for his mother
and family, out of a sense of duty to them as the oldest son and principal
breadwinner, and to discharge the family’s moral obligation to Govindasamy. He
did not, at the time the property was purchased, resolve and undertake to make
these payments in exchange for a beneficial interest in the property for
himself.

Conclusion on resulting trust

80 I therefore hold that the plaintiff has no beneficial interest under a
purchase-money resulting trust, both on the law as it stood at the date of my
decision and in light of the subsequent development in the law in _Chan Yuen
Lan_.

Whether a common intention constructive trust exists

The law on common intention constructive trust

81 The common intention constructive trust is the consequence which equity
attaches to another set of legally significant events. A common intention
constructive trust arises in favour of A when A acts to his detriment or
significantly alters his position in reliance on a common intention held
between A and the legal owner of property to share that property beneficially.

82 The common intention constructive trust addresses both inflexibilities
which lie at the heart of the purchase money resulting trust. First, it is
capable of taking into consideration events occurring after the moment of
purchase. This species of constructive trust is therefore capable of giving
rise to a beneficial interest in the property which accords with the parties’
actual intentions as they evolve over time. Second, the common intention
constructive trust does not stipulate a purely arithmetic approach to
determining the beneficial interests of the parties based on their
contribution to the purchase price. It permits the court to take into account
“all conduct which throws light on the question of what shares were intended”:
_Midland Bank Plc v Cooke and another_ [1995] All ER 562 at 574. The
flexibility which lies at the heart of the common intention constructive trust
is explained by its origins in the desire of the courts in England to achieve,
before the intervention of statute, a fair and equitable division of
matrimonial property upon divorce. It remains relevant today in cases where
the statutory matrimonial asset-division jurisdiction is unavailable and where
the inflexibilities of the resulting trust analysis yield results which are
too crude.

83 Until recently, English law on common intention constructive trusts was set
out in _Lloyds Bank Plc v Rosset and another_ [1991] 1 AC 107 (“ _Rosset_ ”).
According to _Rosset_ , the parties’ common intention may arise _expressly_
from an “agreement, arrangement or understanding” or it may be _inferred_ from
the “conduct of the parties”. The necessary conduct is usually financial
contributions A made towards the property. Only exceptionally will conduct by
A other than financial contributions towards the property suffice (_Rosset_ at
132–133). Despite the flexibility of the common intention constructive trust,
therefore, it still focuses on _financial_ contributions in the same way that
the purchase money resulting trust does.

84 _Rosset_ , though not overruled, no longer represents English law on common
intention constructive trusts. In _Stack v Dowden_ [2007] 2 AC 432 (“ _Stack_
”) and _Jones v Kernott_ [2012] 1 AC 776 (“ _Kernott_ ”), the English courts
have redrawn the contours of the doctrine. In both cases, it was common ground
that the claimant had a beneficial interest in the property. The only dispute
was the quantification of that interest.

85 The majority in _Stack_ held that when domestic partners take a conveyance
of land in their joint names as co-owners, and without any express declaration
of trust, the starting point is that the beneficial interest in that land is
held equally, regardless of the parties’ financial contributions towards the
purchase price. This approach represents a fundamental shift in the way
English law approaches co-ownership of property for a specific subset of co-
owners. It amounts, effectively, to replacing the presumption that the parties
intended beneficial ownership in accordance with their contributions to the
purchase price with a presumption for this class of co-owners that they intend
equal beneficial ownership.

86 Baroness Hale delivered the leading speech in _Stack_ : She said (at [58]):

The issue as it has been framed before us is whether a conveyance into joint
names indicates only that each party is intended to have some beneficial
interest but says nothing about the nature and extent of that beneficial
interest, or whether a conveyance into joint names establishes a _prima facie_
case of joint and equal beneficial interests until the contrary is shown. For
the reasons already stated, at least in the domestic consumer context, a
conveyance into joint names indicates both legal and beneficial joint tenancy,
unless and until the contrary is proved.

This factor is of such great weight that Baroness Hale considered (at [69])
that “cases in which the joint legal owners are to be taken to have intended
that their beneficial interests should be different from their legal interests
will be very unusual”.

87 In the later case of _Kernott_ , the UK Supreme Court confirmed that the
reasoning in _Stack_ was confined to the domestic context. In their joint
speech, Lady Hale and Lord Walker reaffirmed that where two parties purchase
property in joint names in that context, the starting point is not the
presumption offered by the resulting trust – that the parties have a
beneficial interest in the property in proportion to their contributions to
the purchase price – but is, instead, that each party has an equal beneficial
interest in the property (_Kernott_ at [25]). Lady Hale and Lord Walker also
made clear that it was possible for the common intentions of the parties to
vary over time, producing what is called an “ambulatory constructive trust”
(_Kernott_ at [14]).

88 Our Court of Appeal considered the new direction taken in _Stack_ and in
_Kernott_ in _Chan Yuen Lan_. The Court of Appeal chose not to adopt the
approach of the majority in these two English cases. Rather, the Court of
Appeal preferred the minority approach of Lord Neuberger in _Stack_.

89 _Chan Yuen Lan_ makes three essential points. First, where the
contributions to the purchase price are unequal, the court should start with
the presumption of a purchase money resulting trust (_Chan Yuen Lan_ at [109],
[160(a)]). This mirrors the existing approach in _Lau Siew Kim_ at [34] and
[46].

90 Second, if there is evidence available to enable the court to find an
express common intention or to infer a common intention as to the basis on
which the beneficial interests are to be held and there is detrimental
reliance, a common intention constructive trust arises, warranting a departure
from the strict arithmetic of the resulting trust (_Chan Yuen Lan_ at [97]).

91 Evidence of a common intention thus serves a dual purpose: it rebuts the
presumption against a gift which operates in a resulting trust claim and
(depending on the nature of the common intention) may give rise to a
beneficial interest under a common intention constructive trust. The dual
purpose is apparent from the reasoning in _Stack_. The majority and Lord
Neuberger both concluded that the beneficial interest was held in the
proportion of 65:35, but for different reasons. Lord Neuberger concluded on
the resulting trust analysis that the parties held the beneficial interest
65:35 and was unable to find a common intention which displaced that
conclusion. The majority in _Stack_ applied the common intention constructive
trust analysis and found on the facts that the (new) presumption of equal
beneficial interest was rebutted in the exceptional circumstances of the case
because the parties had kept their financial affairs rigidly separate. In the
result, they too concluded that the beneficial interest was held in the
proportion of 65:35.

92 Third, the imputation of an intention has no place in the common intention
constructive trust (_Chan Yuen Lan_ at [111], [156], [159]). As Lord Neuberger
said at [126]: “[i]mputation involves concluding what the parties would have
intended, whereas inference involves concluding what the parties did intend.”
The danger of imputation is that it permits the law to be applied in an
unprincipled way in order to redistribute property rights in accordance with a
subjective view of fairness. It is clear from _Chan Yuen Lan_ that that
approach is to be deprecated (at [159]).

No common intention constructive trust

93 The threshold question in the present case is whether there is any evidence
that Sivapakiam and the plaintiff had a common intention that the plaintiff
have a beneficial interest in the property. The plaintiff argues that there
was a common intention because: (a) he told Sivapakiam that he was making
payments to Govindasamy referable to the balance sum, (b) he told Sivapakiam
that, notwithstanding the fact that the house was in her sole name, he had a
beneficial interest in the property by virtue of the fact that he was making
the payments, and (c) she acknowledged that to be true. In essence, the
plaintiff relies on the same evidence (alluded to at [71]) which he put
forward as proof of a purchase money resulting trust to prove a common
intention for the purposes of a common intention constructive trust. I have
rejected that evidence as not being credible. I find it unlikely that any
conversation about beneficial interests ever occurred. I reject the evidence
again, insofar as it is proffered to establish the common intention necessary
for a common intention constructive trust.

94 The plaintiff also relies on Sivapakiam’s conduct in informing his siblings
that he should be given a greater share of the property as supporting an
inference that the necessary common intention existed between Sivapakiam and
the plaintiff. This argument misses a critical point. What Sivapakiam conveyed
to the first defendant was her intention that the plaintiff should obtain a
greater share in the proceeds of sale of the property _in the future_. The
plaintiffs’ case on the common intention constructive trust is that he
acquired a beneficial interest in the property itself, _before Sivapakiam’s
death and before the property was sold_. I accept that Sivapakiam and the
plaintiff had a common intention about a future interest in the proceeds of
sale of the property. But a future interest is all that Sivapakiam intended
the plaintiff to have and is all that the plaintiff expected to have (see
[58]–[60] above). Sivapakiam failed to give effect to her intention during her
lifetime (for example, by selling the house and distributing the proceeds of
sale herself or by making provision for it in her will). In the circumstances,
the Sivapakiam’s intention as regards the proceeds of sale had been eclipsed
by her intestacy.

95 I therefore find that the plaintiff has failed to establish the requisite
common intention between him and Sivapakiam that he should have a present
beneficial interest in the property. In the absence of such a common
intention, the common intention constructive trust which he claims could not
have arisen in his favour. Sivapakiam’s legal interest in the property is thus
unaffected by any equitable interest vested in the plaintiff arising from a
common intention constructive trust.

Whether proprietary estoppel is applicable

The doctrine of proprietary estoppel

96 A proprietary estoppel is the consequence which equity attaches to yet
another set of legally significant events. Our courts considered the doctrine
of proprietary estoppel in _Hong Leong Singapore Finance Ltd v United Overseas
Bank Ltd_ [2007] 1 SLR(R) 292 (“ _Hong Leong Singapore Finance_ ”) and more
recently in _Low Heng Leon Andy v Low Kian Beng Lawrence (administrator of the
estate of Tan Ah Kng, deceased)_ [2013] 3 SLR 710 (“ _Low Heng Leon Andy_ ”).
A proprietary estoppel arises where:

(a) an owner of property permits (through encouragement or acquiescence) a
claimant to believe that he has some right or interest in that property;

(b) the claimant relies on this belief; and

(c) the claimant suffers detriment as a result.

97 Equity gives effect to this set of legally significant events by
recognising an inchoate equity in the claimant’s favour. It has been said that
these three elements are ultimately directed at the question of whether it
would be unconscionable to permit the owner of the property to act in
accordance with his strict legal rights: _Hong Leong Singapore Finance_ at
[191] and [192].

98 If a proprietary estoppel is made out, the court has the power to satisfy
the equity by awarding the claimant the minimum right or interest necessary to
do justice between the parties. As Quentin Loh J observed in _Low Heng Leon
Andy_ , the main difference between a proprietary estoppel and a constructive
trust lies in the remedies which the court can award. A constructive trust, if
it is found to have arisen, necessarily establishes a proprietary interest in
equity. An inchoate equity arising from a proprietary estoppel may not result
in a proprietary interest in equity and may be satisfied in other ways.
Despite this difference, it is true that the common intention constructive
trust and the doctrine of proprietary estoppel are conceptually similar: per
Chadwick LJ in _Oxley v Hiscock_ [2004] EWCA Civ 546 at [66] and Robert Walker
LJ (as he then was) in _Yaxley v Gotts and another_ [2000] Ch 162 at 180.

The plaintiff has established a proprietary estoppel

99 I find that the plaintiff has proven the three elements necessary to give
rise to a proprietary estoppel against Sivapakiam’s estate.

100 The first element is made out. I have already found that Sivapakiam
intended that the plaintiff have a larger share of the sale proceeds of the
property when it was sold and that she and the plaintiff spoke about this (see
[56]–[60] above).

101 On the second and third elements, reliance and the corresponding detriment
arise from the plaintiff’s payments to Govindasamy which were referable to the
balance sum paid by Govindasamy. I have found that the plaintiff was motivated
by filial, fraternal and moral duty when he resolved and undertook to
Sivapakiam that he would make payments to Govindasamy (see [79] above). That,
however, describes the position at or soon after Sivapakiam purchased the
property. I have found, further, that the plaintiff continued his payments to
Govindasamy over a 10-year period (see [50] above). Whatever may have prompted
him to resolve and undertake to make those payments at the time of purchase,
he was under no legal obligation to do so over that entire 10-year period. He
could have ceased those payments to Govindasamy at any time. Yet, he made
those payments for 10 years. I accept that the plaintiff’s payments over that
entire 10-year period is evidence of his detrimental reliance on Sivapakiam’s
assurances to him that he was to have a larger interest than his siblings in
the proceeds of sale of the property, once it was sold.

102 That detriment is, in itself, sufficient to support the proprietary
estoppel. But it is also undisputed that the plaintiff, as the eldest son of
the family, supported the family financially in other ways during Sivapakiam’s
lifetime.[note: 92] These other contributions include financial support to the
family since the plaintiff started working in 1962. Both defendants accept
that the plaintiff made such contributions.[note: 93] In fact, an important
reason for the first defendant’s support for the plaintiff’s claim for a
larger proportion of the sale proceeds of the property (albeit not to the
extent of the one-third share which he claims) is the long years that the
plaintiff supported the family:[note: 94]

Q:And yet you are supporting the plaintiff’s claim – although you are not
supporting his one-third share, you are supporting the plaintiff’s claim that
he should be given a higher proportion, right? Why are you saying this?

A:Because he worked for the family. He was with the family for 20 years. The
---Olagays was there for 4 years, Nithia was there for about 5 or 6 years. He
was there for 20 year[s]. You just compare the years, how long he was
supporting the family.

103 I find that a proprietary estoppel binds Sivapakiam’s estate and creates
an equity in the plaintiff’s favour.

104 The next question is how this equity ought to be satisfied. The plaintiff
has vacillated significantly in his evidence of the actual size of the larger
share in the proceeds of sale of the property which he says Sivapakiam
intended to give him. His evidence on this point lacks any credibility. In his
affidavit of evidence in chief and in the Statement of Claim, he alleges that
Sivapakiam intended him to have a share of “at least 33%”.[note: 95] That
claim is imprecise: it sets a floor for Sivapakiam’s alleged intention but not
a ceiling. How much more than 33% does the plaintiff say Sivapakiam intended?
In cross-examination, the plaintiff’s evidence was that she intended his share
to be exactly one-third. He recounted a conversation in which she allegedly
told him that two shares out of three in the property belonged to her and that
the remaining one share was to belong to him.[note: 96] That differs from his
affidavit evidence in two ways. First, he now says that Sivapakiam intended
him to have a precise share rather than to set a floor for that share. Second,
the precise share he puts forward is 33.33% (repeating), and not 33%. Further,
in separate proceedings which he commenced earlier to claim a larger share of
the proceeds of sale,[note: 97] the plaintiff claimed a share of exactly
30%.[note: 98] That figure is different both from a claim of one-third and
from a claim of “at least 33%”. There is no evidence, apart from the
plaintiff’s oral evidence, that Sivapakiam intended the plaintiff’s larger
share to be any of these amounts, _ie_ , “at least 33%”, one-third or 30%.
Further, it is also clear from his evidence that Sivapakiam’s intention was
that this share should arise only upon the sale of the property and that it
should then represent the plaintiff’s _entire share_ in the property, rather
than being his share _over and above_ his entitlement upon her intestacy.

105 The only independent evidence I have of a quantum attached to the
plaintiff’s larger share is Olagaysbery’s evidence[note: 99] of a family
meeting in 2007. The second defendant accepts and adopts Olagaysbery’s account
of the meeting.[note: 100] According to Olagaysbery, that meeting took place
at the dining table in the hall of the property. The entire family was
present, except for the second defendant who chose not to attend. In
particular, Sivapakiam was present in the hall during the meeting, but watched
television and so took no part in the discussions. The plaintiff informed his
siblings, at a time before any issue of intestacy arose and in the presence of
Sivapakiam, that the property ought to be divided into 7 shares with him and
his brother, Davadass, receiving 1½ shares each. That amounts to 21.43%
(rounded off) of the value of the property. The plaintiff confirmed in cross-
examination that he mentioned the figure of 1½ shares at the 2007
meeting.[note: 101] His explanation for the variance between this figure and
his present claim for a one-third share was that Sivapakiam had wanted to give
him a one-third share “maybe say 10 years”[note: 102] after the purchase of
the property but had changed her mind more recently, only “[s]ometime in
2002”[note: 103] that he should only have 1½ shares. The first defendant
initially accepted, in her cross-examination, that the 2007 meeting took place
and that the plaintiff had asked for 1½ shares out of 7.[note: 104] Later in
her cross-examination, she asserted that she “did not hear” whether he asked
for 1½ shares out of seven or for a one-third share.[note: 105] On balance,
however, I am inclined to believe her first response.

106 This is the only evidence which the plaintiff puts forward as to how
Sivapakiam quantified his larger share of the sale proceeds of the property
which I can accept. It is supported by the evidence of Olagaysbery and, as I
have found, by the first defendant. This enlarged share (1½ shares out of 7
shares) is also evidence of Sivapakiam’s most recent intention as to the
quantum of the share of the property that the plaintiff was to receive. I
therefore find that the minimum right to satisfy the plaintiff’s equity and to
do justice between the plaintiff on the one hand and the estate of Sivapakiam
on the other hand is to award the plaintiff 1½ out of 7 shares in the net
proceeds of sale of the property, equivalent to 21.43% (rounded off) of the
net proceeds.

Whether the plaintiff is barred by laches from seeking equitable relief

107 The second defendant also opposes the plaintiff’s claim on the basis of
laches. Given that the plaintiff has in any event failed in his resulting
trust claim and constructive trust claim, the issue of laches is relevant only
to the plaintiff’s proprietary estoppel claim.

108 The two factors which the second defendant raises as giving rise to laches
are:

(a) First, the plaintiff allowed an inordinately long time to pass before he
commenced this action in 2012. He commenced the present action 46 years after
Sivapakiam purchased the property in 1966 and 37 years after the plaintiff’s
final payment to Govindasamy in 1975.

(b) Second, that inordinately long delay has caused prejudice to those who
oppose the plaintiff’s case. The principal actors who could have corroborated
or denied his claim, namely Sivapakiam and Govindasamy, have passed away.

The doctrine of laches

109 The doctrine of laches is a broad doctrine founded on the concept
unconscionability. Menon JC (as the Chief Justice then was) considered this
doctrine in _Re Estate of Tan Kow Quee (alias Tan Kow Kwee)_ [2007] 2 SLR(R)
417 (“ _Tan Kow Quee_ ”) and held as follows (at [33]):

33 [The doctrine of laches reflects] a confluence of two factors: delay and
the existence of circumstances that make it inequitable to enforce the claim.
A claimant in equity is bound to pursue his claim without undue delay… The
basis for the equitable intervention of the court is ultimately found in
unconscionability. The following passage from the judgment in _Green v Gaul_
at [42] is instructive:

The modern approach to the defences of laches, acquiescence and estoppel was
considered by this Court in  _Frawley v Neill_ ([2002] CP Reports 20, but
otherwise unreported, 1 March 1999)… After reviewing the earlier authorities…
Aldous LJ (with whom the other members of the court agreed) said:

"In my view the more modern approach should not require an inquiry as to
whether the circumstances can be fitted within the confines of a preconceived
formula derived from earlier cases. _The inquiry should require a broad
approach, directed to ascertaining whether it would in all the circumstances
be unconscionable for a party to be permitted to assert his beneficial right._
No doubt the circumstances which gave rise to a particular result in the
decided cases are relevant to the question whether or not it would be
conscionable or unconscionable for the relief to be asserted, but each case
has to be decided on its facts applying the broad approach."

Plaintiff’s proprietary estoppel claim arose only upon the sale of the
property

110 The second defendant’s difficulty in relying on the doctrine of laches
arises from the fact that, as I have found, Sivapakiam’s representation to the
plaintiff was not that he would have a present beneficial interest in the
property but one that would arise in the future, upon the sale of the property
and in the proceeds of sale. Thus, the benefit of the equitable claim on which
the plaintiff has succeeded accrued to the plaintiff only recently. Although
the necessary underlying events (such as the purchase of the property and the
payments to Govindasamy) occurred many decades ago, the estoppel against the
estate arose, at the earliest, after Sivapakiam passed away and, at the
latest, when the property was sold. The plaintiff could therefore not have
commenced these proceedings before Sivapakiam passed away in 2008.

111 I therefore find that the plaintiff acted reasonably promptly in bringing
this action in 2012. His claim is not defeated by the doctrine of laches.

Conclusion

112 For the reasons set out above, I made the following orders:

(a) I declared that, by reason of my decision, which recognises a proprietary
estoppel binding Sivapakiam’s estate and its administrators in the plaintiff’s
favour, the plaintiff has a beneficial interest in the net proceeds of sale of
the property known as 43 Swan Lake Avenue, Singapore 455725;

(b) I ordered the administrators to distribute to the plaintiff 21.4285714%
(being 1½ shares out of seven) in the net sale proceeds of the said property
in satisfaction of his beneficial interest under paragraph (a) above and of
his interest under Sivapakiam’s intestacy;

(c) I ordered that the plaintiff’s costs of and incidental to this action be
taxed on the standard basis and paid out of the net proceeds of sale of the
property.

* * *

[note: 1]Statement of Claim, para 1; Defence (second defendant), para 2.

[note: 2]Statement of Claim, para 1.

[note: 3]Statement of Claim, para 2.

[note: 4]Statement of Claim, para 5; Defence (second defendant), para 4.

[note: 5]Affidavit of Evidence in Chief of Buthmanaban s/o Vaithilingam, para
39.

[note: 6]Statement of Claim, para 5; Defence (second defendant), para 4.

[note: 7]Statement of Claim, paras 5 and 6.

[note: 8]Statement of Claim, paras 5 and 6; Defence (second defendant), para
4.

[note: 9]Affidavit of Evidence in Chief of Buthmanaban s/o Vaithilingam, para
34; Statement of Claim, para 7; Defence (second defendant), para 6.

[note: 10]Affidavit of Evidence in Chief of Buthmanaban s/o Vaithilingam, para
35; Statement of Claim, para 7; Defence (second defendant), para 6.

[note: 11]Statement of Claim, para 7.

[note: 12]Affidavit of Evidence in Chief of V Nithia, para 17.

[note: 13]Defence (second defendant), para 7.

[note: 14]Statement of Claim, para 9.

[note: 15]Statement of Claim, para 9.

[note: 16]Statement of Claim, para 9.

[note: 17]Statement of Claim, para 9.

[note: 18]Defence (second defendant), paras 8 and 10.

[note: 19]Statement of Claim, para 10; Defence (second defendant), para 11.

[note: 20]Affidavit of Evidence in Chief of Buthmanaban s/o Vaithilingam, para
13.

[note: 21]Statement of Claim, para 10.

[note: 22]Statement of Claim, para 1; Defence (second defendant), para 1.

[note: 23]Statement of Claim, para 14.

[note: 24]Affidavit of Evidence in Chief of Buthmanaban s/o Vaithilingam, para
15.

[note: 25]Statement of Claim, para 3; Defence (second defendant), para 2.

[note: 26]OS Probate No DCP 2466 of 2010/L.

[note: 27]Affidavit of Evidence in Chief of V Nithia, para 33.

[note: 28]OS No 169 of 2012/D.

[note: 29]Affidavit of Evidence in Chief of V Nithia, para 34.

[note: 30]Affidavit of Evidence in Chief of Krishnavanny d/o Vaithilingam,
para 29.

[note: 31]Affidavit of Evidence in Chief of Krishnavanny d/o Vaithilingam,
paras 28 and 31.

[note: 32]Statement of Claim, para 24.

[note: 33]Statement of Claim, para 27.

[note: 34]Closing Submissions (plaintiff), para 87.

[note: 35]Statement of Claim, paras 16 to 19.

[note: 36]Statement of Claim, para 11.

[note: 37]Statement of Claim, paras 18, 19.

[note: 38]Statement of Claim, para 15.

[note: 39]Closing Submissions (plaintiff), para 92.

[note: 40]Statement of Claim, para 16; Closing Submissions (plaintiff), para
101.

[note: 41]Statement of Claim, para 24.

[note: 42]Closing Submissions (plaintiff), para 125.

[note: 43]Closing Submissions (plaintiff), para 126.

[note: 44]Closing Submissions (plaintiff), paras 126 and 128.

[note: 45]Closing Submissions (first defendant), para 27.

[note: 46]Closing Submissions (first defendant), para 28.

[note: 47]Reply Submissions (second defendant), paras 2–3.

[note: 48]Affidavit of Evidence in Chief of V Nithia, para 8.

[note: 49]Closing Submissions (second defendant), paras 48-54.

[note: 50]Defence (seconddefendant), para 12.

[note: 51]Defence (second defendant), para 16.

[note: 52]Defence (second defendant), para 18.

[note: 53]Statement of Claim, para 13.

[note: 54]Statement of Claim, para 6.

[note: 55]Defence (second defendant), para 12.

[note: 56]Defence (second defendant), paras 13 and 17.

[note: 57]Affidavit of Evidence in Chief of V Nithia, para 21.

[note: 58]Closing Submissions (plaintiff), para 15(b).

[note: 59]Statement of Claim, para 11; Closing Submissions (plaintiff), para
15(b).

[note: 60]Affidavit of Evidence in Chief of Buthmanaban s/o Vaithilingam, para
40.

[note: 61]Closing Submissions (second defendant), para 15(j).

[note: 62]Defence (second defendant), paras 13 and 17.

[note: 63]Defence (second defendant), para 62; Notes of Evidence (20 May
2013), p 101, lines 19-21.

[note: 64]Notes of Evidence (20 May 2013), p 100, lines 26-28.

[note: 65]Notes of Evidence (21 May 2013), p 171, lines 12-17; p 172, lines
19-20; p 173, lines 9-13; Closing Submissions (plaintiff), para 13.

[note: 66]Notes of Evidence (20 May 2013), p 100, lines 9-11.

[note: 67]Affidavit of Evidence in Chief of Olagaysbery, para 4; Notes of
Evidence (20 May 2013), p 101, lines 5-10.

[note: 68]Closing Submissions (second defendant), para 13.

[note: 69]Notes of Evidence (20 May 2013), p 102, lines 16–21; Affidavit of
Evidence in Chief of Buthmanaban s/o Vaithilingam, paras 46–47.

[note: 70]Notes of Evidence (20 May 2013), p 48, line 11.

[note: 71]Affidavit of Evidence in Chief of Buthmanaban s/o Vaithilingam,
paras 13–14; Notes of Evidence (20 May 2013), p 37, lines 6–9; Affidavit of
Evidence in Chief of Olagaysbery, para 7.

[note: 72]Statement of Claim, para 13.

[note: 73]Notes of Evidence (20 May 2013), p 38, lines 1–8.

[note: 74]Closing Submissions (plaintiff), para 13

[note: 75]Affidavit of Evidence in Chief of Olagaysbery d/o Vaithilingam, para
7; Affidavit of Evidence in Chief of V Nithia, para 20.

[note: 76]Notes of Evidence (22 May 2013), p 105, line 15.

[note: 77]Affidavit of Evidence in Chief of Krishnavanny d/o Vaithilingam,
paras 20–21; Affidavit of Evidence in Chief of Nadarajan s/o Punnosamy, paras
12–14.

[note: 78]Closing Submissions (second defendant), paras 13 and 74.

[note: 79]Statement of Claim, para 24.

[note: 80]Defence (second defendant), para 18.

[note: 81]Defence (second defendant), para 18.

[note: 82]Notes of Evidence (20 May 2013), p 73, lines 10-13.

[note: 83]Closing Submissions (plaintiff), paras 63-64.

[note: 84]Notes of Evidence (20 May 2013), p 73, lines 10-13.

[note: 85]Notes of Evidence (20 May 2013), p 73, lines 14-15.

[note: 86]Notes of Evidence (20 May 2013), p 82, lines 6-14.

[note: 87]Notes of Evidence (20 May 2013), p 105, lines 16-23.

[note: 88]Notes of Evidence (21 May 2013) p 137, line 29 – p 138, line 8;
Affidavit of Evidence in Chief of Krishnavanny d/o Vaithilingam, para 21.

[note: 89]Defence (second defendant), para 25.

[note: 90]Affidavit of Evidence in Chief of V Nithia, para 23.

[note: 91]Affidavit of Evidence in Chief of Buthmanaban s/o Vaithilingam, para
18.

[note: 92]Affidavit of Evidence in Chief of V Nithia, para 25.

[note: 93]Notes of Evidence (22 May 2013), p 13, lines 8–32; p 14, lines
14–16; p 34, lines 12–22.

[note: 94]Notes of Evidence (21 May 2013), p 144, lines 1–7.

[note: 95]Statement of Claim, para 24; Affidavit of Evidence in Chief of
Buthmanaban s/o Vaithilingam, para 27.

[note: 96]Notes of Evidence (20 May 2013), p 134, lines 11–12.

[note: 97]Affidavit of Evidence in Chief of V Nithia, para 34.

[note: 98]OS No 542 of 2012.

[note: 99]Affidavit of Evidence in Chief of Olagaysbery, para 11.

[note: 100]Affidavit of Evidence in Chief of V Nithia, para 27.

[note: 101]Notes of Evidence (22 May 2013), p 139, lines 1–5.

[note: 102]Notes of Evidence (22 May 2013), p 144, line 30.

[note: 103]Notes of Evidence (22 May 2013), p 145, line 16.

[note: 104]Note of Evidence (21 May 2013), p 139.

[note: 105]Note of Evidence (21 May 2013), p 140, line 29.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 04 Feb 2015 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

