Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Attorney-General _v_ Lai Swee Lin Linda  
[2015] SGHC 269

Case Number| :| Originating Summons No 1014 of 2014  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 19 October 2015  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Woo Bih Li J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Zheng Shaokai, Ruth Yeo and Germaine Boey (Attorney-
General's Chambers) for the plaintiff; The defendant is in person.  
Parties| :|  Attorney-General — Lai Swee Lin Linda  
  
[LawNet Editorial Note: The appeal to this decision in Civil Appeal No 205 of
2015 was dismissed by the Court of Appeal on 5 September 2016. See [2016] SGCA
54.]

19 October 2015| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Woo Bih Li J:

Introduction

1 The defendant in Originating Summons No 1014 of 2014 (“OS 1014/2014”), Mdm
Linda Lai Swee Lin (“Mdm Lai”), is no stranger to the court. She has a long
history of legal proceedings against the Government and other related entities
spanning over the last 15 years relating to the circumstances surrounding the
termination of her employment with the Land Office of the Ministry of Law
(“the Land Office”) in 1998. The Attorney-General (“AG”) seeks to put an end
to this protracted litigation via OS 1014/2014, which is an application under
s 74 of the Supreme Court of Judicature Act (Cap 322, 2007 Rev Ed) (“SCJA”)
for orders, _inter alia_ , that:

(a) Mdm Lai shall not without the leave of the High Court commence legal
proceedings in any court established by the SCJA or constituted under the
State Courts Act (Cap 321, 2007 Rev Ed) with respect to matters or legal
proceedings against the Government (whether in the name of the Public Service
Commission (“PSC”), the AG or otherwise) in any way arising from and/or
connected to:

(i) Her employment at the Land Office from 28 November 1996 to 21 December
1998;

(ii) The extension of her probationary period as Senior Officer Grade III
retrospectively for one year with effect from 28 November 1997 to 27 November
1998;

(iii) The termination of her said employment by the Senior Personnel Board F
constituted under the Public Service (Special and Senior Personnel Boards)
Order 1994 with effect from 21 December 1998;

(iv) Her appeals to the Appeals Board constituted under the Public Service
(Personnel Boards and Appeals Boards) Regulations 1994 (“Appeals Board”) and
the PSC; and/or

(v) The subject matter of the legal proceedings enumerated in Appendix A,
which is appended to this judgment; and

(b) Any such legal proceedings in any way arising from and/or connected to
matters described in 1(a) above instituted by Mdm Lai in any court before the
making of this order shall not be continued by her without such leave, and
such leave shall not be given unless the High Court is satisfied that the
proceedings are not an abuse of process of the court and that there is _prima
facie_ ground for the proceedings.

Background Facts

2 Mdm Lai was appointed as a Senior Officer Grade III at the Land Office on a
one-year probationary period on 28 November 1996. This meant her probationary
period was supposed to end on 27 November 1997. On 1 June 1998, Mdm Lai was
informed by the then Commissioner of Lands that he would not be recommending
her confirmation. Subsequently, Mdm Lai received a letter from the human
resources division of the Land Office dated 19 August 1998 officially stating
that she would not be confirmed in her appointment. The letter also informed
Mdm Lai that her probation would retrospectively be extended for another year,
_ie_ , from 28 November 1997 to 27 November 1998. On 17 December 1998, Mdm
Lai’s employment was eventually terminated by the Senior Personnel Board F
constituted under the Public Service (Special and Senior Personnel Boards)
Order 1994 and she was given one month’s remuneration in lieu of notice. Mdm
Lai then appealed to the Appeals Board on 23 January 1999, but the Appeals
Board turned down her appeal. On the advice of the Appeals Board, Mdm Lai
further appealed to the PSC on 10 June 1999. However, that too was
unsuccessful.

3 Dissatisfied with the outcome, Mdm Lai then filed Originating Summons No 96
of 2000 (“OS 96/2000”) on 20 January 2000 for leave to bring judicial review
proceedings against the PSC. Mdm Lai sought quashing orders against (i) the
decision of the Commissioner for Lands/Permanent Secretary of Law and/or such
other Appointing Authority to extend her probationary period retrospectively
for one year; (ii) the decision of the Senior Personnel Board F terminating
her employment as Senior Officer Grade III with effect from 21 December 1998;
and (iii) PSC’s decision to refuse her appeals. She also sought a mandatory
order to reinstate her as a confirmed Senior Officer Grade III. OS 96/2000 was
first heard by MPH Rubin J, who granted Mdm Lai leave to seek the quashing
orders only (see _Linda Lai Swee Lin v Public Service Commission_ [2000] SGHC
162). The PSC appealed against Rubin J’s decision in Civil Appeal No 69 of
2000 (“CA 69/2000”) and the Court of Appeal (“CA”) allowed the appeal, holding
that the matters Mdm Lai complained of involved private rights arising from
the contract of employment between Mdm Lai and the Government (through the
PSC) and were not susceptible to judicial review (see _Public Service
Commission v Lai Swee Lin Linda_ [2001] 1 SLR(R) 133).

4 Mdm Lai subsequently commenced Suit No 995 of 2004 (“S 995/2004”) on 17
December 2004 against the Government for, _inter alia_ , damages arising from
the alleged wrongful termination of her employment contract. She also sought
declarations that her purported termination was illegal, void and inoperative,
and that she be reinstated as a Senior Officer Grade III.[note: 1] Before S
995/2004 was heard, Mdm Lai was involved in a series of applications and
proceedings.

5 The first was an application (Summons-in-Chambers No 123 of 2005) brought by
the AG to strike out certain parts of Mdm Lai’s Statement of Claim in S
995/2004 as scandalous and constituting an abuse of process of the court
because Mdm Lai had attempted to re-litigate matters which had been determined
in OS 96/2000. Assistant Registrar Yeong Zee Kin (“AR Yeong”) heard the
application and allowed it. AR Yeong’s decision was substantially affirmed by
Tan Lee Meng J on appeal in Registrar’s Appeal No 66 of 2005 (“RA 66/2005”).

6 On 11 April 2005, the AG also served a statutory demand on Mdm Lai for
payment of the costs that she had been ordered to pay in OS 96/2000. Mdm Lai
then applied to set aside or stay the statutory demand in Originating Summons
in Bankruptcy No 38 of 2005 (“OSB 38/2005”). The setting aside/stay
application was heard by Assistant Registrar Joyce Low (“AR Low”) who
dismissed it. AR Low’s decision was affirmed by Tan J on appeal (see _Lai Swee
Lin Linda v Attorney-General_ [2005] SGHC 182).

7 Mdm Lai then appealed against both decisions made by Tan J in RA 66/2005
(the striking-out order against Mdm Lai’s Statement of Claim in S 995/2004)
and OSB 38/2005 (the order refusing a stay of the statutory demand the AG
served on Mdm Lai), consolidated in a single notice of appeal in Civil Appeal
No 87 of 2005 (“CA 87/2005”). In response, the AG filed Notice of Motion No 81
of 2005 to set aside Mdm Lai’s appeal against the striking-out order. The CA
allowed the AG’s application and held that Mdm Lai’s attempt to consolidate
the two appeals was “irretrievably flawed” (_Lai Swee Lin Linda v Attorney-
General_ [2006] 2 SLR(R) 565 at [19]). The CA also observed at [50] and [51]
that insofar as Mdm Lai’s Statement of Claim in S 995/2004 pertained to her
claim for costs in OS 96/2000 and judicial review, those matters have already
been determined by the CA in previous proceedings and were _res judicata_. Mdm
Lai was essentially attempting to re-litigate these issues and this was an
abuse of the process of the court. CA 87/2005 (in respect of the remaining
order refusing a stay) was eventually deemed withdrawn upon Mdm Lai’s failure
to file and tender her Record of Appeal, Core Bundle and Appellant’s Case
within the stipulated deadline.

8 Approximately a year later, Mdm Lai filed her amended Statement of Claim in
S 995/2004 on 8 February 2007. At a pre-trial conference, Assistant Registrar
Kenneth Yap (“AR Yap”) ruled that S 995/2004 had been deemed discontinued
pursuant to O 21 r 2(6) of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2006 Rev Ed)
(“2006 ROC”) because neither party had taken any steps in the proceedings
between August 2005 and August 2006. AR Yap directed the amended Statement of
Claim to be expunged and directed Mdm Lai to file an application to reinstate
S 995/2004, failing which no further document was to be accepted for
filing.[note: 2] Mdm Lai appealed AR Yap’s order. Tay Yong Kwang J heard the
appeal in Registrar’s Appeal No 61 of 2007 (“RA 61/2007”) and dismissed it
(see _Lai Swee Lin Linda v Attorney-General_ [2008] 2 SLR(R) 794).[note: 3]

9 On 8 August 2007, Mdm Lai filed Summons No 3473 of 2007 which appeared to be
an application seeking an extension of time to appeal against Tay J’s decision
in RA 61/2007.[note: 4] This application was dismissed by Lai Siu Chiu
J.[note: 5] Mdm Lai then took out Originating Summons No 1369 of 2007 before
the CA seeking, _inter alia_ , leave for an extension of time to file an
appeal against Tay J’s decision. The CA granted Mdm Lai’s application for an
extension of time and Mdm Lai proceeded to file Civil Appeal No 134 of 2007
(“CA 134/2007”) on 6 November 2007. However, Mdm Lai failed to file her Record
of Appeal, Appellant’s Case and Core Bundle by the stipulated deadline and her
appeal was deemed withdrawn pursuant to O 57 r 9(4) of the 2006 ROC.[note: 6]

10 On 25 June 2008, Mdm Lai then filed Summons No 2767 of 2008 to reinstate
the action brought in S 995/2004. Her application went before Belinda Ang Saw
Ean J who allowed the reinstatement (see _Lai Swee Lin Linda v Attorney-
General_ [2009] SGHC 38) and ordered that Mdm Lai’s amended Statement of Claim
filed on 8 February 2007 be allowed to stand. The AG was also directed to file
and serve its Defence by 8 October 2008, which the AG complied with.

11 On 5 December 2008, Mdm Lai applied for summary judgment in S 995/2004
(Summons No 5365 of 2008).[note: 7] Lai J heard the application and dismissed
it on 20 July 2009.[note: 8] S 995/2004 eventually proceeded to trial before
Lai J on 16, 19 and 20 August 2010. Lai J dismissed S 995/2004 on the ground
that Mdm Lai’s termination had been in accordance with the terms of her
employment contract (see _Lai Swee Lin Linda v Attorney-General_ [2010] SGHC
345 at [42]). Lai J also held that the Land Office had valid and cogent
reasons for terminating Mdm Lai’s employment, which were that Mdm Lai’s work
performance was not up to expectations and that she was unable to work well
with her colleagues (at [78]–[83]). Mdm Lai did not appeal Lai J’s decision.

12 On 23 November 2011, Mdm Lai filed Summons No 5332 of 2011 (“SUM
5332/2011”) for an order that the CA “reopen[s] and rehear[s] its earlier
decisions” in CA 69/2000, CA 87/2005 and the decision of Lai J in S 995/2004
(“the Three Decisions”). SUM 5332/2011 was heard and dismissed by Choo Han
Teck J (see _Lai Swee Lin Linda v Attorney-General_ [2012] SGHC 47). Choo J
held that Mdm Lai had failed to establish any basis for the Three Decisions to
be reopened or reheard and that, contrary to her allegations, there was
insufficient evidence to indicate that either Lai J or the CA was “biased,
unfair, or that [Mdm Lai] was not given a full hearing.”

13 Mdm Lai then filed Civil Appeal No 31 of 2012 (“CA 31/2012”) against Choo
J’s decision on 2 April 2012. There was some correspondence between the
Registry of the Supreme Court (“the Registry”) and Mdm Lai between April and
December 2012 in relation to whether Mdm Lai was required to tender four
hardcopies of her Core Bundle and Skeletal Case and to pay the court fees of
$2,400 for the Core Bundle. In a letter dated 11 July 2012 from the Registry,
Mdm Lai was directed to tender the documents and make payment of the court
fees by 15 August 2012, the non-compliance of which would lead to the
scheduled hearing for CA 31/2012 being vacated. Mdm Lai was also informed that
the “appropriate orders (including an unless order for compliance failing
which the appeal may be struck off) may be made if there continue[d] to be
non-compliance with [the directions] after the vacation of the hearing.”[note:
9] Mdm Lai failed to comply with the directions and the hearing was duly
vacated. Subsequently, at a pre-trial conference before Assistant Registrar
Shaun Leong (“AR Leong”) on 10 September 2012, Mdm Lai informed the court that
she would comply with the directions. However, Mdm Lai had yet to comply by
the next pre-trial conference before AR Leong on 10 December 2012. This led AR
Leong to order that unless Mdm Lai complied with the directions by 5pm on 12
December 2012, CA 31/2012 would be struck out without any further order (“the
Unless Order”).

14 On 12 December 2012 at about 4pm, Mdm Lai purported to comply with the
Unless Order by tendering hardcopies of her Core Bundle. However, AR Leong
rejected those hardcopies as they did not correspond with the softcopies that
Mdm Lai had previously submitted to the court on 1 June 2012. Further, Mdm Lai
had yet to pay the court fees for the Core Bundle. Accordingly, CA 31/2012 was
struck out pursuant to the Unless Order.

15 Instead of appealing against AR Leong’s Unless Order which resulted in the
striking out of CA 31/2012, Mdm Lai filed Originating Summons No 1246 of 2013
(“OS 1246/2013”) on 10 December 2013. OS 1246/2013 did not set out clear
prayers for relief, but rather prayed for the CA to rule on a number of
questions of law in relation to, _inter alia_ , the Unless Order and the
termination of her employment with the Land Office. The AG applied to strike
out OS 1246/2013 in its entirety in Summons No 2297 of 2014 (“SUM 2297/2014”)
on the grounds that OS 1246/2013 (a) disclosed no reasonable cause of action;
(b) was scandalous, frivolous and vexatious; and/or (c) was otherwise an abuse
of process of the court. On 31 October 2014, Assistant Registrar James Elisha
Lee (“AR Lee”) allowed the AG’s application.

16 On the same day, _ie_ , 31 October 2014, the AG filed OS 1014/2014, which
is the present application. Mdm Lai then filed Summons No 5748 of 2014 (“SUM
5748/2014”) on 14 November 2014. Under SUM 5748/2014, Mdm Lai sought to appeal
AR Lee’s judgment. She also sought discovery of certain documents pertaining
to the circumstances of her termination.

17 Both OS 1014/2014 and SUM 5748/2014 were fixed to be heard by me on the
same date. I decided to hear SUM 5748/2014 before hearing OS 1014/2014. After
hearing the parties on 26 February 2015 and 14 July 2015, I dismissed both Mdm
Lai’s prayers in SUM 5748/2014. Mdm Lai has appealed against my decision in
respect of SUM 5748/2014 and I am giving separate grounds of decision for
that. This judgment pertains only to OS 1014/2014.

18 For ease of reference, I have summarised the abovementioned proceedings in
Schedule A attached to this judgment.

19 Before I proceed to consider OS 1014/2014 proper, it bears mentioning that
Mdm Lai had asked for me to be recused after I had dismissed her application
for discovery under SUM 5748/2014. She made her request again as she was going
through her arguments for her appeal against AR Lee’s decision and during the
course of her submissions in OS 1014/2014 when I refused her repeated requests
for discovery. Mdm Lai gave no valid reason for her requests for my recusal.
It appeared to me that she made her requests only because I had dismissed her
discovery application. This is not a valid ground for me to recuse myself and
I therefore refused her requests.

Arguments

20 The AG made the following arguments in support of its application under s
74(1) of the SCJA:

(a) Mdm Lai has repeatedly and with dogged insistence instituted proceedings
to re-open matters that were _res judicata_ so long as the decision was one
which she deemed was not in her favour;[note: 10]

(b) It was vexatious for Mdm Lai to institute multiple fresh proceedings
without reasonable basis and which effectively disregarded previous court
decisions;[note: 11]

(c) Mdm Lai has repeatedly made scandalous allegations against her former
superiors for the collateral purpose of garnering sympathy for herself;[note:
12]

(d) Mdm Lai has made serious allegations of bias and lack of transparency
against the judiciary despite these allegations being irrelevant to the
application and the absence of evidence given in support of these
allegations;[note: 13]

(e) Mdm Lai has brought her applications in a manner that disregarded the
rules of civil procedure and court directions;[note: 14] and

(f) The court should exercise its discretion to make an order in terms as Mdm
Lai’s claims only served to tax the resources of the court and her own.[note:
15]

21 Mdm Lai argued that an order under s 74(1) should not be made against her
for the following reasons:

(a) She was pursuing this matter as her career was compromised and her
reputation was tarnished when she was wrongly accused of being
incompetent;[note: 16]

(b) She will be made a bankrupt if she did not pursue the matter;[note: 17]

(c) She wished to improve the Singapore system and to benefit Singaporeans by
righting the alleged wrongs of the Public Service;[note: 18]

(d) The following issues have not been decided on the merits:[note: 19]

(i) Whether the facts of her case fall within the ambit of administrative law;

(ii) Whether the retrospective backdating and extension of her probation
period by another year was wrongful;

(iii) Whether she was a confirmed or unconfirmed officer when her services
were terminated;

(iv) Whether the Senior Personnel Board F had the jurisdiction to terminate
her services and consequently, whether the termination of her services was
wrongful; and

(e) The CA’s decision that her claim did not lie in administrative law was
egregious.[note: 20]

My Decision

Principles applicable in the present case

22 Section 74 of the SCJA provides as follows:

**Vexatious litigants**

**74.** —(1) If, on an application made by the Attorney-General, the High
Court is satisfied that any person has habitually and persistently and without
any reasonable ground instituted vexatious legal proceedings in any court or
subordinate court, whether against the same person or against different
persons, the High Court may, after hearing that person or giving him an
opportunity of being heard, order that —

(a) no legal proceedings shall without the leave of the High Court be
instituted by him in any court or subordinate court; and

(b) any legal proceedings instituted by him in any court or subordinate court
before the making of the order shall not be continued by him without such
leave, and such leave shall not be given unless the High Court is satisfied
that the proceedings are not an abuse of the process of the court and that
there is prima facie ground for the proceedings.

(2) If the person against whom an order is sought under subsection (1)
satisfies the High Court that he lacks the means to retain an advocate and
solicitor, the High Court shall assign one to him.

(3) No appeal shall lie from an order under subsection (1) refusing leave for
institution or continuance of legal proceedings.

(4) A copy of any order under subsection (1) shall be published in the
Gazette.

(5) In this section, “legal proceedings” includes any proceedings, process,
action, application or appeal in any civil matter or criminal matter.

23 Section 74(1) aims at preventing an abuse of the process of the courts.
Vexatious litigation causes problems because it diverts the court’s resources
from dealing with meritorious disputes. It also diverts the attention and
resources of the respondent and is oppressive.

24 The mere institution of vexatious proceedings does not in itself bring s
74(1) into play. The respondent must have “habitually and persistently and
without any reasonable ground instituted vexatious legal proceedings”. The
terms “habitually” and “persistently” have been considered by the High Court
previously in _Attorney-General v Tee Kok Boon_ [2008] 2 SLR(R) 412 (“ _Tee
Kok Boon_ ”) (at [105]) and _Attorney-General v Mah Kiat Seng_ [2013] 4 SLR
788 (“ _Mah Kiat Seng_ ”) (at [15]). The term “habitually” suggests that the
institution of legal proceedings occurs as a matter of course, or almost
automatically when the appropriate conditions, whatever they may be, exist.
The term “persistently” suggests determination, and continuing in the face of
difficulty or opposition, with a degree of stubbornness. Although I have given
some broad definitions, I emphasise that the terms “habitually” and
“persistently” are ordinary English expressions which do not require precise
elaboration and the definitions I have given should not be taken to be
absolute or of universal application. The term “vexatious” also need not be
given an exhaustive definition. It is presently sufficient to say that
proceedings are regarded as “vexatious” if, irrespective of the motive of the
litigant, they are so obviously untenable as to be utterly hopeless and only
serve to tax the resources of the court. They can also be vexatious if they
are brought for collateral purposes and not for the purpose of having the
court adjudicate on legitimate issues.

25 The following principles are also applicable to an application under s
74(1) of the SCJA:

(a) The court has to take an objective view of the facts. It is immaterial
that the respondent acted in good faith and/or honestly believed in the
correctness and justice of his cause (see _Mah Kiat Seng_ at [17]).

(b) The court should also take a broad view of the legal proceedings
instituted by the respondent. This means that the court should consider the
general character and result of all those proceedings, and not merely whether
there may or may not have been possible causes of action in some of those
proceedings (see _Mah Kiat Seng_ at [17]).

(c) The number of proceedings instituted by the respondent may well be a
factor to be taken into account in the question of whether those proceedings
were instituted “habitually” or “persistently”, but it is not determinative,
nor is it necessarily an important factor (see _Mah Kiat Seng_ at [16]).

(d) Proceedings initiated before the CA and interlocutory proceedings can be
taken into account when considering whether an application under s 74(1) is
made out (see _Tee Kok Boon_ at [94] and [99]).

(e) In civil cases, the costs factor can only go so far as a deterrent and
there may well be cases where it will not deter a vexatious litigant.
Furthermore, the victim will find little comfort even if he is reimbursed
costs which he should not have had to incur in the first place (_Tee Kok Boon_
at [41]).

(f) The court retains a residual discretion to decline to make an order under
s 74(1) of the SCJA.

26 Lastly, it is important to note that an order under s 74(1) of the SCJA
does not deprive a litigant of the right to access to justice absolutely, but
qualifies the exercise of that right. He can still do what he proposes to do
as long as he obtains leave of the court to do so. The process of obtaining
leave is a sieve and not an absolute prohibition.

Whether Mdm Lai’s conduct is caught by s 74(1) of the SCJA

27 I turn now to apply the definitions and principles set out above to the
facts before me.

28 Mdm Lai has been instituting legal proceedings in relation to the
circumstances surrounding the termination of her employment from the Land
Office for the past 15 years. In total, her case has come up ten times before
the High Court and five times before the CA. She has also had a significant
number of hearings before the assistant registrars of the Supreme Court. The
total number of proceedings brought by a litigant, however, is not
determinative of the question of whether an order under s 74(1) of the SCJA
should be made. The more crucial question is which of these proceedings are
vexatious, if any, and if there are proceedings which are vexatious, whether
the litigant’s conduct in bringing these vexatious proceedings may properly be
described as “habitual” and “persistent”.

29 The first application Mdm Lai brought was for leave to bring judicial
review proceedings against the PSC in OS 96/2000. At that time, she was
represented by counsel. She was initially partially successful before the High
Court but the CA eventually held that the matters Mdm Lai complained of were
not susceptible to judicial review. As events demonstrated, Mdm Lai refused to
accept this ruling of the CA. Bolstered by various opinions from academics and
practitioners that her claim came within the ambit of administrative law, she
was convinced that the CA was incorrect. Thus, she found other means to have
this issue re-litigated.

30 First, when Mdm Lai subsequently filed S 995/2004 (her action against the
Government based on her employment contract), she included paragraphs
pertaining to judicial review in her Statement of Claim despite the CA having
already held that judicial review was unavailable. The AG accordingly applied
to strike out those paragraphs. The issue of striking out eventually came on
appeal before the CA in CA 87/2005. The CA held that it had already decided
that Mdm Lai was not entitled to seek relief under the rubric of
administrative law and her rights lay, if at all, in the sphere of contract
law. The issue of whether or not judicial review was available in respect of
the termination of Mdm Lai’s employment was therefore _res judicata_ and her
attempt in S 995/2004 to essentially re-litigate this issue was an “abuse of
the process of court”. The CA thus maintained the High Court’s decision to
strike out those paragraphs.

31 Further, when Mdm Lai filed her amended Statement of Claim in S 995/2004 on
8 February 2007, she continued to insert paragraphs and clauses pertaining to
judicial review with the view to revive her action based on judicial review.
Mdm Lai admitted as such. As she stated in her latest affidavit filed on 9
April 2015 (“the Defendant’s 8th Affidavit”), “[she is] still pursuing
judicial review in this case”.[note: 21] Mdm Lai clearly refused to accept
that the CA had held (not once, but twice) that judicial review was not
available and that this issue was now _res judicata_. She was determined to
have this issue re-litigated and I will come to her further attempts to do so
shortly.

32 Mdm Lai’s claim under her employment contract in S 995/2004 finally went to
trial in 2010. During the trial, she displayed an intransigent attitude
towards the conduct of her case and even to the court. In _Lai Swee Lin Linda
v Attorney-General_ [2010] SGHC 345, Lai J noted at [31] and [32]:

31\. On 19 August 2010, [Mdm Lai] should have proceeded with her cross-
examination of Liew. However, when invited to do so by the court, [Mdm Lai]
refused. Instead, she read loudly from a document she had prepared. She
persisted in doing so despite advice by the court that it was not the time for
submissions and she should resume her cross-examination of Liew and despite
admonitions that the court could and would find her in contempt. In view of
[Mdm Lai’s] obstinate refusal to resume her cross-examination of Liew, the
court released Liew.

32\. [Mdm Lai] persisted in her conduct for the [Attorney-General’s] five
remaining witnesses. … These witnesses affirmed their affidavits on the stand.
When [Mdm Lai] was invited to cross-examine each witness in turn, she
responded by reading the same document in [31] and refused to answer the court
on whether she wished to cross-examine them. Consequently, all five witnesses
were released without cross-examination. …

33 Lai J eventually dismissed Mdm Lai’s claim under contract. At the end of
her judgment, she noted that the AG had made an open offer to Mdm Lai to pay
Mdm Lai six months’ salary amounting to $28,600 notwithstanding that it
considered Mdm Lai’s claim to be meritless. Lai J encouraged Mdm Lai to accept
the offer and move on with her life. It appeared that Mdm Lai refused to do
so.

34 Instead of filing an appeal against Lai J’s decision, Mdm Lai insisted on
re-litigating her claim both in administrative law and contract law by filing
SUM 5332/2011 where she sought an order for the CA to reopen and rehear its
earlier decisions in CA 69/2000, CA 87/2005 and Lai J’s decision in S
995/2004. Choo J dismissed the application and observed that (_Lai Swee Lin
Linda v Attorney-General_ [2012] SGHC 47 at [4]–[5]):

4 … [N]o grounds or basis were given by [Mdm Lai] as to why these matters
should be re-heard. Citing the _Lee Tat_ case on the power of the Court of
Appeal to re-hear a case is neither a sufficient nor adequate basis to have a
concluded case “re-opened”.

5 … In any event, nothing raised by the plaintiff before me is new. All her
complaints related to her inability to have a fair and open hearing as to
whether her contract of employment had been lawfully terminated. This central
issue was raised, heard and dismissed at many levels from the many directions
[Mdm Lai] had taken in order to advance her cause.

35 Undeterred by this, Mdm Lai appealed against Choo J’s decision. However, as
I mentioned at [14] above, Mdm Lai’s appeal was struck out pursuant to the
Unless Order made by AR Leong. Instead of filing an appeal against AR Leong’s
Unless Order which resulted in the striking out of her appeal against Choo J’s
decision, Mdm Lai filed OS 1246/2013 which sought, _inter alia_ , a
declaration or ruling from the CA that the Unless Order was illegal, wrongful,
_ultra vires_ and void, and that the CA revisit previous numerous rulings as
between Mdm Lai and the AG on the ground that those decisions were “egregious”
as the full facts of her case had not “come to light”.

36 In my view, OS 1246/2013 was yet another attempt by Mdm Lai to reopen
matters which were _res judicata_. Insofar as OS 1246/2013 related to her
application for judicial review, the CA had already conclusively held that
judicial review was not available and those issues cannot be re-litigated.
Insofar as OS 1246/2013 related to Mdm Lai’s claim in contract, Lai J had
already decided the claim in S 995/2004. If Mdm Lai was unhappy with the
result in S 995/2004, the only recourse available to her was to file an
application for an extension of time to appeal. Similarly, insofar as OS
1246/2013 pertained to AR Leong’s Unless Order, Mdm Lai’s recourse was to file
an application for an extension of time to appeal and not file an originating
summons for a ruling or declaration by the CA that the Unless Order was
illegal, wrongful, _ultra vires_ and void.

37 Mdm Lai argued that the reason why she did not file an appeal against both
Lai J’s decision and AR Leong’s Unless Order was because both Lai J and AR
Leong were allegedly biased.[note: 22] She even alleged that the Supreme Court
as an entity was biased. I do not accept her reason. Mdm Lai cited a whole
list of “proof/evidence” in support of her allegations in the Defendant’s 8th
Affidavit, such as how the AG was allegedly allowed four years to file his
Defence in S 995/2004 whereas she was not given extra time to comply with the
CA’s directions in CA 31/2012; how the courts have ignored the opinions of the
experts which support her case; how she was repeatedly asked to mediate and
settle; and how her formal complaint to the former Chief Justice was dismissed
and her request for AR Lee to be recused for her case was refused.[note: 23]
She also alleged that all three present judges of the CA have conflicts of
interest in her case and the only judge who did not was then Judge of Appeal V
K Rajah. However, he was appointed AG in 2014, right before OS 1246/2013 was
due to be heard, and this, according to Mdm Lai, “reflected bad faith on the
part of the Government.”[note: 24]

38 It is a very serious thing to raise allegations against the impartiality of
the Supreme Court and its officers. I have considered the “evidence” that Mdm
Lai has raised and there is nothing to indicate that Lai J, AR Leong or any
other officer of the Supreme Court was biased, unfair, or did not give Mdm Lai
a full hearing. Her allegations are completely baseless and are scandalous. It
appears that she has raised these allegations of bias simply because she had
obtained unfavourable decisions or her requests were not entertained by the
court.

39 If Mdm Lai was of the opinion that the judge or assistant registrar who
heard and decided her matter was biased, then the proper course of action was
for her to appeal that decision and not file applications to “reopen” or
“rehear” the decision. If she thinks that the CA, or the entire judiciary for
that matter, were biased, such that it was pointless for her to appeal, then
it makes no sense for her to continue making applications to have the CA
reopen the previous decisions made against her. In my view, Mdm Lai is simply
attempting to re-litigate her claim time and again, be it in judicial review
or in contract, despite knowing that the court has ruled determinatively on
them, in the hope that some court may subsequently rule in her favour. She has
no basis for doing so other than her stubborn refusal to accept the court’s
decisions as final. Although Mdm Lai was not represented by counsel in many of
these proceedings, she is legally trained and should know at the very least
that issues that have been decided by the court are _res judicata_ and cannot
be re-litigated. Her attempts disclose a complete disregard to the principle
of finality and are vexatious.

40 To make matters worse, Mdm Lai has appealed every single decision that
dismissed her attempts to re-litigate her application for judicial review and
the issues related thereto (see CA 87/2005, where Mdm Lai appealed Tan J’s
decision to strike out portions of her Statement of Claim in S 995/2004 that
pertained to judicial review; CA 31/2012, where Mdm Lai appealed Choo J’s
decision to dismiss her application in SUM 5332/2011 to “reopen” and “rehear”
previous decisions heard by the CA and the High Court; and SUM 5748/2014,
where Mdm Lai appealed AR Lee’s decision to strike out OS 1246/2013 in its
entirety because, amongst other reasons, it attempted to reopen issues
pertaining to judicial review). Time and again, the High Court and the CA have
informed Mdm Lai that these issues cannot be re-litigated. It should have
become abundantly clear to Mdm Lai that it was wholly untenable to do so. Yet,
Mdm Lai persisted in filing her appeals. Having said that, however, I
emphasise that every litigant is entitled to pursue an appeal so long as the
law provides him or her with that right. But when one does so as a matter of
course without due regard to the principle of _res judicata_ , such conduct
may well qualify as being vexatious.

41 Finally, I would add that many of Mdm Lai’s applications have been brought
in a manner that disregarded the rules of civil procedure and the court’s
directions. For example, Mdm Lai attempted to consolidate two completely
unrelated appeals into one in CA 87/2005. The CA commented that (_Lai Swee Lin
Linda v Attorney-General_ [2006] 2 SLR(R) 565 at [6]):

… [Mdm Lai] in the present appeal clearly contravened several rules of civil
procedure. Indeed, we found that such contravention, if sanctioned by this
court, would be productive of substantive injustice with regard both to the
specific issues in the present appeal in particular and to the respective
rationale underlying the relevant rules of civil procedure in general. …

In CA 31/2012, Mdm Lai refused to comply with the CA’s directions to tender
four hard copies of her Core Bundle and Skeletal Case and to pay the requisite
filing fees despite being afforded numerous opportunities to do so. This led
her appeal to be struck out pursuant to the Unless Order. AR Leong observed
that it was not the case that Mdm Lai _could not_ comply with the rules, but
rather she _chose_ not to comply with them and was “symptomatic of a complete
indifference for the court rules and procedure.”[note: 25] A final example
would be Mdm Lai’s application for discovery in SUM 5748/2014. The documents
Mdm Lai sought were documents that were related to the action in S 995/2004.
If Mdm Lai desired to have discovery of these documents, then she should have
filed an application for discovery in S 995/2004. She did not. To compound
matters, even after I had dismissed her prayer for discovery in SUM 5748/2014,
she repeatedly requested during the hearing of another prayer in SUM 5748/2014
and of the present application under s 74 of the SCJA for me to order
discovery of the documents she had sought in SUM 5748/2014.

42 Mdm Lai argued that she had reasonable grounds for instituting all the
legal proceedings she has brought thus far. She listed them in her skeletal
submissions dated 9 April 2015 at para 6 and I have highlighted some of them
in [21(a)]–[21(c)] above. In my view, the “reasonable grounds” that Mdm Lai
has raised are merely her motives for instituting the legal proceedings. I
appreciate that Mdm Lai may feel genuinely aggrieved by what had transpired.
Indeed, she argued that she had no choice but to continue pursuing the matter
as she was of the view that her career was compromised and her reputation was
tarnished. She also felt the need to right the alleged wrongs of her superiors
who terminated her employment as it was her “sincere wish to improve our
system and to benefit Singaporeans.” However, as I mentioned earlier, the
court has to take an objective view of the facts. The phrase “reasonable
grounds” under s 74(1) of the SCJA refers to the merit in the instituted
proceeding and not the motive of the respondent for bringing the proceeding.
Mdm Lai’s motives in bringing these proceedings are immaterial to the present
analysis.

43 In summary, I am satisfied that the following proceedings were instituted
by Mdm Lai without reasonable ground in that she had not furnished any valid
basis to re-litigate matters that have already been decided, and are vexatious
in that they were obviously untenable:

(a) S 995/2004, insofar as part of the Statement of Claim filed by Mdm Lai
attempted to re-litigate matters pertaining to judicial review;

(b) SUM 5332/2011, as it was an attempt by Mdm Lai to re-litigate her claims
in judicial review and contract which are _res judicata_ ;

(c) OS 1246/2013, as it was another attempt by Mdm Lai to re-litigate her
claims in judicial review and contract. Mdm Lai had also attempted to
circumvent the proper process of filing an appeal against Lai J’s decision in
S 995/2004 and AR Leong’s Unless Order; and

(d) CA 87/2005, CA 31/2012 and SUM 5748/2014 as they are appeals by Mdm Lai
against decisions that dismissed her attempts to re-litigate matters which are
_res judicata_ , _ie_ , whether judicial review was available and her claim
under her employment contract.

44 I am also satisfied that the abovementioned proceedings were brought
“habitually” in that Mdm Lai instituted them almost as a matter of course.
They were also brought “persistently” in that Mdm Lai pursued them over an
extended period of time (roughly 15 years) with a degree of stubbornness,
unfazed by the obstacles she faced in succeeding on her applications. The
passage of time has not lessened her determination to litigate her claim by
even the slightest bit, and I have no doubt that she will continue to pursue
it with single-mindedness in the future if nothing is done to deter such
conduct.

45 Therefore, I am of the view that Mdm Lai’s conduct and behaviour has
satisfied s 74(1) of the SCJA in that she has “habitually and persistently and
without any reasonable ground instituted vexatious legal proceedings” both in
this court and in the CA.

Whether the court should exercise its discretion not to make the order

46 As previously mentioned at [25(f)], the court retains a discretion to
decline making an order under s 74(1) of the SCJA despite the statutory
requirements being satisfied. Such discretion is to be exercised keeping in
mind the objective of the statutory provision, which is to ensure that
judicial time and resources are not diverted away from potentially meritorious
cases by persons pursuing vain causes. An order against a litigant under s
74(1) of the SCJA is thus for the protection of the court, in the interests of
other people in society, especially the litigant’s opponent, and for the
benefit of the litigant himself. The following passage from a speech by the
Right Hon Sir Anthony Clarke, MR, entitled “Vexatious Litigants & Access to
Justice: Past, Present and Future” is particularly apposite:

Vexatious litigation poses problems for the courts and society at large. It
can even be said to pose problems for the litigants who initiate such
proceedings. It does so as it represents an inability to draw a rational and
reasonable halt to a dispute which has been fairly and properly adjudicated,
albeit the result of that adjudication was clearly not one the litigant
firmly, perhaps too firmly, believed he deserved to achieve.

47 Mdm Lai alleged that certain issues pertaining to her claim in S 995/2004
have not been determined on the merits (at [21(d)] above) and therefore she
should not be precluded from pursuing them. In my view, these issues have all
been dealt with before and are caught by the doctrine of _res judicata_.
Before I proceed with my analysis, I quote the following passage from Sir
James Wigram VC in _Henderson v Henderson_ (1843) 3 Hare 100, which was
endorsed by the CA in _Lee Tat Development Pte Ltd v MCST Strata Title Plan No
301_ [2009] 1 SLR(R) 875 at [58]:

… the Court requires the parties … to bring forward their whole case, and will
not (_except under special circumstances_) permit the same parties to open the
same subject of litigation in respect of [a] matter which might have been
brought forward as part of the subject in contest, but which was not brought
forward, only because they have, from negligence, inadvertence, or even
accident, omitted part of their case. The plea of _res judicata_ applies,
_except in special cases_ , not only to points upon which the Court was
actually required by the parties to form an opinion and pronounce a judgment,
but to every point which properly belonged to the subject of litigation, and
which the parties, exercising reasonable diligence, might have brought forward
at the time. [emphasis in original]

48 The first issue that Mdm Lai alleged had not been decided is whether the
facts of Mdm Lai’s case falls within the ambit of administrative law. This
issue has undoubtedly been decided in the negative by the CA in _Public
Service Commission v Lai Swee Lin Linda_ [2001] 1 SLR(R) 133. In fact, that
was the _ratio_ of the decision.

49 The next two issues Mdm Lai raised were whether the retrospective
backdating and extension of her probation period was wrongful and whether the
termination of her services was wrongful. These issues have also been dealt
with in S 995/2004. At [20] of _Lai Swee Lin Linda v Attorney-General_ [2010]
SGHC 345, Lai J noted that the AG had conceded in that action that Mdm Lai was
never informed by the Land Office of its decision to extend her probation
period and that the Land Office had thereby breached the Government
Instruction Manuals. Nonetheless, Lai J went on to hold at [95] as follows:

… I find that [Mdm Lai] had not been wrongfully terminated. Although the
defendant had admittedly breached … the Government [Instruction Manuals] …
[Mdm Lai] had not proven that she suffered any loss or damage by reason of
those breaches.

Finally, Mdm Lai claimed that the issue of whether she was a confirmed or
unconfirmed officer when her services were terminated has not been decided.
Granted, this issue was not dealt with in Lai J’s decision. However, that is
simply because the action was not decided on that basis. In my view, this
issue is one that, at the very least, “properly belonged to the subject of
litigation” and Mdm Lai is precluded from raising it again. There are also no
special circumstances warranting the court to hold otherwise.

50 Mdm Lai also made the argument that s 74(1) of the SCJA provides her with
an “opportunity to be heard”, and if she was not provided with the documents
that she sought in her discovery application under SUM 5748/2014, she will in
effect be deprived of this “opportunity to be heard”.[note: 26] This argument
is without merit. First, Mdm Lai’s application for discovery in SUM 5748/2014
has already been dismissed. Second, although s 74(1) provides that the court
may make an order under that provision against a litigant “after hearing that
person or giving him an opportunity of being heard”, this refers to the
litigant being heard or being given an opportunity to be heard in respect of
the s 74(1) application _itself_. It does not provide an opportunity to the
litigant to re-ventilate issues that have already been decided, which is
clearly what Mdm Lai was seeking to do with the documents she sought in SUM
5748/2014. Presently, Mdm Lai had an entire half day hearing on 18 September
2015 where she went through her written submissions on OS 1014/2014 in great
detail. Therefore, she has been “heard” and/or given “an opportunity of being
heard” for the purposes of s 74(1).

51 Having considered all the circumstances, I am of the view that it is in the
interest of the public and all the parties involved that an order under s
74(1) of the SCJA be made against Mdm Lai.

52 It must be remembered that the scope of the order sought presently does not
extend to _all_ legal proceedings that Mdm Lai might possibly bring. The order
seeks only to restrict Mdm Lai’s access to the courts in relation to those
matters specified in the present originating summons. I also note that Mdm Lai
technically still has not exhausted her right to appeal against both Lai J’s
decision in S 995/2004 and the Unless Order, though both appeals would be
significantly out of time. If Mdm Lai genuinely desires to appeal Lai J’s
decision and the Unless Order and the striking out pursuant to the Unless
Order, she may do so only if she is successful in obtaining the leave of the
court to do so under s 74(1) of the SCJA. She may also have to apply for an
extension of time where appropriate. An order under s 74(1) allows the court
to ensure that Mdm Lai does not attempt to revive or reopen issues that have
already been decided. It balances the public interest in preventing abuses of
the court process and Mdm Lai’s right to pursue those avenues of recourse
which she is statutorily entitled to.

53 As Mdm Lai herself has stated, she has “[expended] considerable time,
effort and money to file and pay substantial filing fees for pleadings,
applications after applications, affidavits after affidavits and appeals after
appeals, time and time again” resulting in her case “[coming] up 5 times
before the CA … 10 times before High Court Judges … and 9 written judgments.”
It is apparent that Mdm Lai is unwilling or unable to come to terms with any
decision of the court that goes against her. Her legal tussle with the
Government and the AG has not only impacted her psychologically and
economically, it has taken up a substantial amount of the court’s resources
that could have been more effectively employed elsewhere. In my view, her
legal battle has gone on for too long. It is in the interest of the court,
society in general, the AG and Mdm Lai herself that I grant the AG’s
application. It is my sincerest hope and desire that this order will help Mdm
Lai move on with her life.

Conclusion

54 I grant an order in terms for OS 1014/2014.

55 I understand that Mdm Lai has since appealed against my decision in SUM
5748/2014 to the CA. For the avoidance of doubt, that appeal is stayed unless
Mdm Lai obtains leave from the High Court to continue her appeal under s
74(1)(_b_) or my present decision to make an order under s 74(1) is set aside.

56 I grant the parties liberty to apply.

57 If either party wishes to apply for any other consequential order,
including costs, that party is to submit a written submission within 21 days
from the date of this judgment.

**_Appendix A_**

(1) |  Originating Summons No 96 of 2000  
---|---  
(2) |  Civil Appeal No 69 of 2000  
(3) |  Suit No 995 of 2004  
(4) |  Registrar’s Appeal No 66 of 2005  
(5) |  Originating Summons in Bankruptcy No 38 of 2005  
(6) |  Civil Appeal No 87 of 2005  
(7) |  Notice of Motion No 81 of 2005  
(8) |  Summons No 3473 of 2007  
(9) |  Originating Summons No 1369 of 2007  
(10) |  Civil Appeal No 134 of 2007  
(11) |  Summons No 2767 of 2008  
(12) |  Summons No 5365 of 2008  
(13) |  Summons No 5332 of 2011  
(14) |  Civil Appeal No 31 of 2012  
(15) |  Originating Summons No 1246 of 2013  
(16) |  Summons No 2297 of 2014  
  
  

**_Schedule A_**

Case Number |  Summary  
---|---  
OS 96/2000 7 Aug 2000 (decision) |  Mdm Lai’s application for leave to bring judicial review proceedings against the PSC. Outcome: MPH Rubin J allowed Mdm Lai’s application partially and granted leave to her to seek the quashing order only.  
CA 69/2000 29 Jan 2001 (decision) |  PSC’s appeal against Rubin J’s decision. Outcome: appeal allowed. Judicial review not available.  
S 995/2004 24 Nov 2010 (decision) |  Mdm Lai’s claim under her employment contract. Outcome: Lai Siu Chiu J dismissed Mdm Lai’s claim.  
SIC 123/2005 23 Feb 2005 (decision)  |  AG’s application to strike out parts of Mdm Lai’s Statement of Claim in S 995/2004 that pertained to judicial review. Outcome: AR Yeong Zee Kin allowed the application.  
RA 66/2005 5 Apr 2005 (decision) |  Mdm Lai’s appeal against AR Yeong’s decision. Outcome: Tan Lee Meng J substantially affirmed AR Yeong’s decision.  
OSB 38/2005 1 Jun 2005 (decision) |  Mdm Lai’s application to set aside/stay the statutory demand served on her by the Attorney-General. Outcome: AR Joyce Low dismissed the application.  
RA 153/2005 27 Sep 2005 (decision) |  Mdm Lai’s appeal against AR Low’s decision. Outcome: Tan Lee Meng J dismissed the appeal  
CA 87/2005 7 Dec 2005 (decision)  |  Mdm Lai’s appeal against both of Tan J’s decisions in RA 66/2005 and RA 153/2005.  
NM 81/2005 7 Dec 2005 (decision) |  Attorney-General’s application to set aside Mdm Lai’s appeal against Tan J’s decision in RA 66/2005. Outcome: CA allowed the Attorney-General’s application. CA 87/2005 in respect of Mdm Lai’s remaining appeal against Tan J’s decision in RA 153/2005 eventually deemed withdrawn because Mdm Lai failed to file requisite documents.  
RA 61/2007 31 Jan 2008 (decision) |  Mdm Lai’s appeal against AR Kenneth Yap’s decision that S 995/2004 was deemed discontinued. Outcome: Tay Yong Kwang J dismissed the appeal.  
SUM 3473/2007  21 Aug 2007 (decision) |  Mdm Lai’s application for an extension of time to appeal Tay J’s decision. Outcome: Lai Siu Chiu J dismissed the application.  
OS 1369/2007 26 Oct 2007 (decision) |  Mdm Lai’s application to the CA seeking leave for an extension of time to appeal Tay J’s decision. Outcome: CA granted Mdm Lai’s application.  
CA 134/2007 23 May 2008 (appeal deemed withdrawn) |  Mdm Lai’s appeal against Tay J’s decision.  Eventually deemed withdrawn because Mdm Lai failed to file requisite documents.  
SUM 2767/2008 17 Feb 2009 (decision) |  Mdm Lai’s application to reinstate S 995/2004. Outcome: Belinda Ang Saw Ean J allowed the reinstatement.  
SUM 5365/2008 20 Jul 2009 (decision) |  Mdm Lai’s application for summary judgment in S 995/2004. Outcome: Lai Siu Chiu J dismissed the application. Note: S 995/2004 was heard and dismissed in 2010.  
SUM 5332/2011 6 Mar 2012 (decision) |  Mdm Lai’s application for an order that the CA “reopen and rehear its earlier decisions” in CA 69/2000, CA 87/2005 and Lai J’s decision in S 995/2004. Outcome: Choo J dismissed the application.  
CA 31/2012 12 Dec 2012 (appeal struck out) |  Mdm Lai’s appeal against Choo J’s decision. Appeal was struck out pursuant to AR Leong’s Unless Order.  
OS 1246/2013 31 Oct 2014 (OS struck out) |  Mdm Lai’s application for the CA to rule of a number of questions of law in relation to, _inter alia_ , the Unless Order and the termination of her employment.  
SUM 2297/2014 31 Oct 2014 (decision) |  The Attorney-General’s application to strike out OS 1246/2013 in its entirety. Outcome: AR James Elisha Lee allowed the application.  
SUM 5748/2014 26 Feb; 14 Jul 2015 (decision) |  Mdm Lai’s application for discovery of certain documents and her appeal against AR Lee’s decision to strike out OS 1246/2013. Outcome: Woo Bih Li J dismissed her application for discovery and her appeal against AR Lee’s decision.  
OS 1014/2014 |  The Attorney-General’s application under s 74 of the SCJA.  
  
  

* * *

[note: 1]1st Affidavit of Boey Yi Ling Germaine (“Pf’s 1st Affidavit”) at p
87.

[note: 2]_Ibid_ at p 167.

[note: 3]_Ibid_ at p 169.

[note: 4]_Ibid_ at p 179.

[note: 5]_Ibid_ at p 184.

[note: 6]_Ibid_ at p 191.

[note: 7]_Ibid_ at p 200.

[note: 8]_Ibid_ at p 202.

[note: 9]_Ibid_ at p 324.

[note: 10]Attorney-General’s Submissions (“Pf Submissions”) at para 9.

[note: 11]Pf Submissions at para 11.

[note: 12]Pf Submissions at para 12(a).

[note: 13]Pf Submissions at para 12(b).

[note: 14]Pf Submissions at para 12(c).

[note: 15]Pf Submissions at paras 13 and 14.

[note: 16]Linda Lai’s Submissions (“Df Submissions”) at para 6(1).

[note: 17]Df Submissions at para 6(3).

[note: 18]Df Submissions at paras 6(11) and 6(40).

[note: 19]Df Submissions at para 6(29).

[note: 20]Df Submissions at para 6(31)

[note: 21]8th Affidavit of Linda Lai’s filed on 9 April 2015 (“Df’s 8th
Affidavit”) at paras 9–11.

[note: 22]Df’s 8th Affidavit at paras 23–49 and 50–66.

[note: 23]_Ibid_. at paras 67–127.

[note: 24]_Ibid_. at paras 134–136.

[note: 25]Pf’s 1st Affidavit at p 384, paras 12 and 13.

[note: 26]Mdm Lai’s Skeletal Submissions for SUM 5748/2014 which she referred
to in her letter to the court dated 4 October 2015 at paras 67–85.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 19 Oct 2015 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

