Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  BNS _v_ BNT  
[2015] SGCA 23

Case Number| :| Civil Appeal No 141 of 2014  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 20 April 2015  
Tribunal/Court| :| Court of Appeal  
Coram| :|  Sundaresh Menon CJ; Chao Hick Tin JA; Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  R S Bajwa (Bajwa & Co) and Kelvin Lee Ming Hui (WNLEX
LLC) for the appellant; The respondent in person and Anusha Prabhakaran (Drew
& Napier LLC) as the respondent's McKenzie friend.  
Parties| :|  BNS — BNT  
  
20 April 2015|  
---|---  
  
Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA (delivering the grounds of decision of the court):

Introduction

1 In modern times, advances in technology, travel, and modes of communication
have all shaped an interwoven world in which the cross-border movement of
people occurs on an increasingly regular basis. Not infrequently, such persons
will consist of married couples who choose to leave their countries of origin
for a variety of reasons, such as to take up more attractive job opportunities
for one or both of the spouses elsewhere, or to settle down in a place which
they have assessed as having a more ideal environment for raising a family. So
long as the marriage remains stable and loving, problems will not surface
before the courts. However, in the unfortunate event that the marriage breaks
down, difficult (and oftimes emotional) issues will have to be resolved by the
courts where they cannot be resolved amicably by the parties, and these issues
are invariably made more difficult where children, particularly young
children, are implicated in the wake of the fallout of their parents’
marriage.

2 One such issue came before us in the present case. It concerned the
permanent relocation of children. Cases of this nature are never easy to
decide. As Mostyn J observed pithily in the English High Court decision of _Re
AR (A Child: Relocation)_ [2010] EWHC 1346 (Fam) at [4], “[t]hey involve a
binary decision – either the child stays or he goes” and hence, whichever way
the court decides, the decision is bound to cause considerable pain and
anguish to one of the parties. The relocating parent will be aggrieved by a
refusal of the application as that ostensibly ties him or her down, against
his or her wishes, to an environment which he or she has little affinity
towards. On the other hand, it is the left-behind parent who suffers if the
relocation application is allowed because that naturally curtails not just the
quantity but also the quality of that parent’s contact with the child (or
children).

3 It may be noticed that the competing tensions as set out above are framed
exclusively from the perspective of the _parents’_ interests. However, it
bears emphasis at the outset of this decision that this is _not_ how the
courts should approach an application for relocation. The interests of the
parents must, in every case, be subordinated to that of the _children_. It
follows from this that the impact of the court’s decision on the parents is
not relevant _per se_ : it is relevant only to the extent that it is shown to
have an impact upon the children. In essence, the simple (but critical) point
being made here is that the court must decide relocation applications with
constant and abiding reference to a single touchstone principle, _viz_ , to
uphold the welfare of the children (which is _paramount_). This may seem trite
in light of the developments in family jurisprudence but we note with caution
that the interests of the child may sometimes slip from view because it is,
after all, the parents who are the parties arguing their respective cases
before the court. It is not for nothing, therefore, that children have often
been described as the “silent victims” of a marital breakdown or the “unheard
voices” in family litigation, but that, as we emphasise once again, should
_not_ be the case. The welfare of the children must take its place as the
court’s _focal (indeed, paramount)_ concern at all times.

4 The present case concerned a contested application for the permanent
relocation of two children to Canada. The applicant (“the Wife”) succeeded at
first instance in the Family Court (see _BNS v BNT_ [2014] SGDC 13 (“GD(FC)”))
but this decision was overturned on appeal by the respondent (“the Husband”)
to the High Court (see _BNT v BNS_ [2014] 4 SLR 859 (“GD(HC)”)).

5 In our view, the High Court Judge (“the Judge”) had made several pertinent
observations regarding the paramount welfare principle with respect to the
children (and which we fully endorse below). We also agreed with her
assessment that, on the facts of this case, what was particularly significant
was that the children enjoyed a meaningful relationship with their father, the
Husband, who, for his part, took active steps to be involved in their lives.
We had no doubt that it was in the children’s best interests for that parent-
child bond to be preserved and thus were not inclined to allow relocation as
that would, in the nature of things, impact adversely on the closeness of the
relationship. We therefore upheld the Judge’s decision and dismissed the
Wife’s appeal accordingly. These are the detailed grounds for our decision.

The background facts

6 The Wife and the Husband are both Canadian citizens and married in Canada on
11 May 2002. Subsequently, the Wife quit her job in the conference and events
management industry and moved to Singapore in August 2002 to be with the
Husband who had been (and currently still is) working as a corporate lawyer
here. The Wife was primarily a homemaker during the subsistence of the
marriage but, since its breakdown in 2011, she re-entered the workforce on a
part-time basis as a meeting and conference planner.

7 In 2004, the parties moved to Bangkok, Thailand, as the Husband had to
relocate there for work. They lived in Thailand for four years where the two
children of the marriage were born in March 2006 and December 2007,
respectively. Their first child was a girl who is now nine years old while
their second child was a boy who is now aged seven. In May 2008, the family
returned to Singapore and have lived here ever since.

8 On 17 February 2011, the Wife filed for divorce on the basis of the
Husband’s unreasonable behaviour. She then moved out of the matrimonial home
with the children sometime in May 2011 and this led to the Husband filing an
application seeking, _inter alia_ , interim care and control of the children.
On 20 October 2011, the court ordered that both parents were to have interim
joint custody of the children but that the Wife was to have interim care and
control with fairly liberal access granted to the Husband. Interim judgment
for divorce was granted on an uncontested basis on 26 May 2012.

9 On 13 September 2012, the Wife filed the underlying application in Summons
No 14265 of 2012 to relocate to Toronto, Canada with her two children. The
Husband sought to stay the Wife’s application pending the resolution of the
ancillary matters but his application in the Family Court and subsequent
appeal to the High Court were both dismissed. The Wife’s relocation
application was thus directed to proceed and, on 17 October 2013, the District
Judge (“the DJ”) allowed the Wife’s application. However, this was, as
mentioned above, overturned on appeal by the Judge who delivered her written
grounds on 24 September 2014. The Wife subsequently applied for leave to
appeal to this court which the Judge heard and granted on 1 August 2014. The
Wife filed the present appeal on 28 August 2014.

The decisions below

The first instance decision

10 The DJ granted the Wife’s relocation application at first instance. The DJ
found that the Wife’s desire to relocate was “very reasonable” as she had only
come to Singapore because of the Husband’s employment and thus had no reason,
now that the marriage had broken down, to remain in a place where she had no
roots (see GD(FC) at [17]–[18]). The DJ also found that the absence of support
from family members or close friends here made the Wife feel “very isolated
and distraught” and that her long-term prospects of rebuilding her career were
better in Canada (see GD(FC) at [20]–[21]). The DJ therefore considered that
relocation would allow the Wife to obtain the emotional and psychological
support she needed and to regain her self-esteem and self-confidence; this
would in turn benefit the overall well-being of the children who were closer
and more emotionally attached to her as the primary caregiver (see GD(FC) at
[23] and [31]).

11 The DJ also rejected the Husband’s claim that the Wife’s relocation
application was a disguised effort to destroy his relationship with the
children. In this connection, the DJ found that the Wife had generally allowed
access to the Husband in accordance with the 20 October 2011 court order (see
above at [8]). Further, the DJ also found that the Wife had laid out
“sufficiently clear plans” to secure suitable accommodation and arrange for
the children’s schooling in Canada (see GD(FC) at [29]).

12 After taking into account several other factors, the DJ concluded by
acknowledging that relocation would reduce the Husband’s contact time with the
children. However, the DJ opined that the use of phone and internet
technology, together with more liberal access to the children whenever the
Husband visited them in Canada, could go towards ameliorating the situation
(see GD(FC) at [36]).

The High Court’s decision

13 The Judge arrived at a different conclusion from the DJ. Having weighed the
evidence, the Judge found that it was _not_ in the children’s best interests
to allow the relocation.

14 The Judge began by noting that the Husband participated meaningfully in the
children’s lives and maintained a keen sense of responsibility for their
upbringing (see GD(HC) at [24]). Following the breakdown of the marriage in
2011, he shifted homes ostensibly so as to be closer to the children (who had
moved out of the family home with the Wife (see above at [8])), and, since the
court’s 20 October 2011 order, it was also apparent through the various
activities which he carried out with his children on his access days that he
valued face-to-face interaction with them and took steps to play an active
role in their daily lives (see GD(HC) at [25]–[26]). Further, the Judge also
noted that the Husband was concerned about his children’s long-term
development as was evident from the interest which he took in their education
(see GD(HC) at [27]).

15 The Judge then proceeded to state that the close bond between the children
and the Husband would likely be undermined if the relocation application was
allowed. This was the Judge’s “primary reason” for allowing the Husband’s
appeal (see GD(HC) at [54]), and she gave three reasons to support this view
(which were summarised at [35] of GD(HC)):

(a) First, the Wife had displayed hostility towards the Husband which
suggested that she would not actively facilitate contact once in Canada. The
Judge observed that: (i) the Wife held the Husband in low esteem as was clear
from her relocation affidavits; (ii) her hostility had boiled over into
physical violence when she assaulted the Husband in breach of an expedited
Personal Protection Order; and (iii) her hostility had also driven her on
occasion to behave inconsistently with the children’s best interests (see
GD(HC) at [36]–[37]).

(b) Second, the Wife’s relocation plan was also poorly conceived. The Judge
departed from the DJ’s finding in this regard (see above at [10]), noting that
the Wife had only made inquiries with schools in Canada a long time _after_
the relocation application was filed and her emails to her real estate agent
in Canada were also not sufficiently regular (see GD(HC) at [47]–[49]). This
suggested to the Judge that the Wife’s relocation application was primarily
motivated by a desire to avoid the unpleasantness of dealing with the Husband
and, again, this created doubts as to whether she would actively facilitate
access upon relocation. In this connection, the Judge also expressed doubts
over the DJ’s finding that the Wife’s application was genuinely motivated by
her feelings of isolation in Singapore given that this was not supported by
the evidence (see GD(HC) at [52]).

(c) Third, the children’s young ages and the difference in time zones between
Singapore and Canada would also make it difficult for the Husband to sustain
his present close relationship with the children.

The parties’ arguments on appeal

16 The thrust of the Wife’s arguments on appeal was that the entire family
were Canadian citizens and thus her desire to relocate was eminently
reasonable given that she was merely seeking to relocate “back to her
homeland”. She claimed that her overall well-being as the primary caregiver
(and, by extension, that of the children) would benefit from the support she
would receive from her family in Canada and that the Judge had failed to place
sufficient weight on this factor. In this connection, she disputed the finding
that her relocation plans were inadequate and sought to consign the instances
of hostility cited by the Judge to the past. The Wife also claimed that the
Judge had, conversely, placed a disproportionate amount of weight on the
adverse impact that relocation would have on the children’s prospective
relationship with the Husband. In this vein, the Wife suggested that the
Husband’s likely diminished contact with the children was not as drastic as it
seemed as there were several ways by which he could ameliorate the situation
(which are elaborated below at [33]).

17 The Husband’s case was fairly straightforward as he sought, in essence, to
support the Judge’s decision. In this regard, he echoed the Judge’s
reservations about the Wife’s underlying motivation for applying to relocate,
highlighting the Judge’s observations that the Wife’s relocation plans were
poorly conceived, that she had (and continues to be) hostile towards him, and
that her emotional and psychological well-being had not been adversely
affected by remaining in Singapore. He therefore expressed concern at the
prospect of the Wife severing his contact with the children once they had
relocated to Canada.

The applicable legal principles

18 In our view, the legal principles to be applied in relocation applications
have been clearly and accurately set out in the Judge’s decision which, we
note, has also since been cited with approval in another recent decision of
the High Court (see _TAA v TAB_ [2015] SGHCF 1 (“ _TAA_ ”)). We take this
opportunity to affirm these principles.

19 First, we emphasise that there is **_only one fundamental_** – indeed,
**_critical_** – legal principle upon which everything else (including the
ultimate decision of the case itself) depends. And it is this – in considering
relocation applications, **_the welfare of the child is paramount and this
principle ought to override any other consideration_**. This principle was
identified by the Judge at [16] and [18] of GD(HC) and was not disputed by the
parties on appeal. In any case, there would have been no basis for them to do
so as we find that this controlling principle is one that is firmly grounded
in logic, principle, and commonsense. Indeed, if we take a broader view of
matters, we observe that this principle is also, without doubt, the golden
thread that runs through _all_ proceedings directly affecting the interests of
children. In this connection, it is apposite for us to point to s 3 of the
Guardianship of Infants Act (Cap 122, 1985 Rev Ed), which enjoins the court to
have regard to the welfare of the child as the “ _first and paramount
consideration_ ” in _any_ proceedings where the custody or upbringing of a
child is in issue. As one learned commentator has aptly described it, this
statutory direction “casts its effect on the whole law regulating the parent-
child relationship”; hence it is, in that sense, a “ubiquitous” standard by
which the court must subject every exercise of parental authority (see Leong
Wai Kum, _Principles of Family Law in Singapore_ (Butterworths Asia, 1997) at
pp 442–443). This no doubt includes the exercise of a relocating parent’s
authority to permanently remove a child from the jurisdiction.

20 Second, we note that there exists a multitude of factors which may impact
on the ultimate inquiry into what is best for the welfare of the child. And,
in the specific context of relocation applications, we observe that there is
one particular factor which has received much attention in the cases here and
abroad (and which is also relied on heavily by the Wife in this appeal), _viz_
, the reasonable wishes of the primary caregiver to relocate. This is often
identified as an important factor affecting the child’s welfare because the
child’s emotional and psychological welfare is, generally speaking,
intertwined with that of the primary caregiver. Hence, if the primary
caregiver reasonably wishes to relocate because he or she is not emotionally
and psychologically stable in his or her present environment, that has to be
sensibly weighed in the balance. However, as we alluded to at the outset of
this decision at [3], the relocating parent’s reasonable wish to relocate is
not relevant _per se_. It is relevant _only to the extent_ that it is found
that there will be a transference of his or her insecurity and negative
feelings onto _the child_. It is, after all, _the child’s_ welfare that lies
at the heart of the inquiry, and not the interests of the relocating parent
(or either of the parents for that matter). This point was well made by Debbie
Ong JC in _TAA_ (at [17]), which we endorse:

17 … The court is obliged to consider all the relevant facts and circumstances
in each individual case in determining what is in the welfare of that
particular child. **_Of course, the wishes of parents may have a bearing on
the welfare of the child, but it is for the court to determine if their wishes
are compatible with the interests of the child. The law expects parents to put
the interests of the children before their own._**_A decision to relocate
itself may not be made in bad faith nor be unreasonable because one can
understand that a parent may have a need to relocate for genuine personal
reasons. But_** _that decision is not necessarily the same as a decision that
is in the best interests of the child_** _._ … [emphasis added in italics and
in bold italics]

21 A further (and related) point which we wish to emphasise is that, even
where the primary caregiver is able to establish that she reasonably wishes to
relocate in the best interests of the child, that is no more than _a_ factor
to be weighed in the overarching inquiry into the child’s welfare. It is _not_
a singularly _determinative_ factor which, if shown to exist, necessarily
trumps all other relevant considerations. We pause to note that the word
“determinative” was indeed used by this court in _Re C (an infant)_ [2003] 1
SLR(R) 502 (“ _Re C_ ”) at [22] to describe the reasonable wishes of the
primary caregiver. However, as the Judge had rightly cautioned, this
description should not be read out of context. On a reasonable reading of the
relevant passage in _Re C_ , it appears to us that all that the court meant to
convey was that the primary caregiver’s wish to relocate is an _important_
factor. The court was certainly not attempting to attribute to this factor
_decisive_ weight, and this must be so given that it explicitly reminded that
the welfare of the child is paramount in relocation applications (see also the
Singapore High Court decision of _AZB v AYZ_ [2012] 3 SLR 627 (“ _AZB_ ”) at
[20]). Implicit in that reminder, in our view, is a recognition by the court
that there may well be _other_ relevant factors bearing on the child’s welfare
which, when considered holistically, may yet tip the balance _against_
relocation. It bears setting out the Judge’s views at [15]–[16] of GD(HC) in
this regard:

15 The Court of Appeal set out in _Re C_ ([6] supra) the general approach to
be followed when considering relocation applications. The court stated at
[22]:

(a) ... _It is the reasonableness of the party having custody to want to take
the child out of jurisdiction which will be determinative_ , and **_always
keeping in mind that the paramount consideration is the welfare of the
child_**. If the motive of the party seeking to take the child out of
jurisdiction was to end contact between the child and the other parent, then
that would be a very strong factor to refuse the application. Therefore, _if
it is shown that the move abroad by the person or parent having custody is not
unreasonable or done in bad faith, then the court should only disallow the
child to be taken out of the jurisdiction if it is shown that the interest of
the child is incompatible with the desire of such person or parent living
abroad_. ... [emphasis added]

Before me, there was disagreement between the parties as to the weight that
should be attached to the reasonable wishes of the primary caregiver to
relocate. …

16 **_In my view, the only applicable principle of law in relocation cases is
that the welfare of the child is the paramount and overriding consideration_**
: _AZB v AYZ_ ([6] supra) at [20]. **Re C**** _should not be understood as
suggesting anything contrary. In fact, it expressly accepts this principle.
The suggestion that the reasonable wishes of the primary caregiver are
“determinative” must be understood within this context._**

[original emphasis in italics; emphasis added in bold italics]

22 To be clear, what we are effectively saying, at a broader level, is that
there can be _no pre-fixed precedence or hierarchy_ among the many composite
factors which may inform the court’s decision as to where the child’s best
interests ultimately lie: where these factors stand in relation to one another
must depend, in the final analysis, on _a consideration of all the facts in
each case_. In this vein, we wholly endorse the Judge’s observation that
“there is no _legal presumption_ in favour of allowing relocation when the
primary caregiver’s desire to relocate is not unreasonable or founded in bad
faith” [emphasis in original] (see GD(HC) at [20]; see also _TAA_ at [17]).
This was elaborated upon by the Judge as follows:

20 … By this, I mean that this is not a situation where the burden of proof
shifts to the party challenging the application upon the applicant proving the
reasonableness of his or her desire to relocate, nor is it a situation where
the presumption is decisive of the outcome unless displaced.

23 It is useful to note that the courts elsewhere have also distanced
themselves from the use of presumptions in assessing the welfare of the child
in relocation applications and we are assisted, in this regard, by the helpful
cross-jurisdictional analysis undertaken in Debbie Ong, _International Issues
in Family Law in Singapore_ (Academy Publishing, 2015) (“ _Ong_ ”) at paras
9.18–9.26. These jurisdictions have, in the main, cautioned against adopting
an unduly prescriptive approach as it is liable to detract from the primacy of
the welfare of the child. Indeed, Ong JC has made the same point in the local
context in _TAA_ , stating (at [17]) that it is imperative for the court _not_
to be “constrained by any guiding principles that have the practical effect of
moving it towards a certain presumption, since the paramount consideration is
the welfare of the child”. We agree.

24 A brief survey of the foreign authorities demonstrates that the
jurisdictions which prefer not to rely on the use of presumptions include
Canada (see, for example, the Supreme Court of Canada decision of _Gordon v
Goertz_ [1996] 2 SCR 27 at [47] and [49]), Australia (see, for example, the
Family Court of Australia decision of _Morgan v Miles_ (2007) 38 Fam LR 275 at
[74]), Scotland (see, for example, the Court of Session (Inner House) decision
of _M v M_ [2012] SLT 428 at [15] and [52]), and New Zealand (see, for
example, the New Zealand Supreme Court decision of _Kacem v Bashir_ [2011] 2
NZLR 1 at [23]–[24]). The prevailing approach in England is also the same,
though it is instructive to note that there was a period of time following the
English Court of Appeal’s landmark decision in _Payne v Payne_ [2001] Fam 473
(“ _Payne_ ”) when many decision-makers appeared to have placed _too much_
emphasis on this factor alone (see _Clarke Hall & Morrison on Children_
(Alistair MacDonald gen ed) (LexisNexis, Looseleaf Ed, 1985, May 2014 release)
vol 1, div 2 at para 647), such that some commentators noted the emergence of
what was, in effect, a _bias_ towards the relocating parent (see, for example,
Mary Hayes, “Relocation Cases: Is the Court of Appeal Applying the Correct
Principles?” (2006) 18(3) CFLQ 351). This development could be traced to
certain aspects of Thorpe LJ and Dame Elizabeth Butler-Sloss P’s judgments in
_Payne_ , not least their unified emphasis on the “great weight” that ought to
be placed on the reasonable proposals of the primary caregiver to relocate (at
[41] and [84], respectively). _However_ , it is notable that both Thorpe LJ
and Butler-Sloss P had _also_ endorsed the paramountcy of the welfare
principle (at [26] and [85], respectively) and had warned, _specifically_ ,
_against_ elevating the primary caregiver’s wishes to the status of a legal
presumption (at [40] and [84], respectively). Therefore, it was unsurprising
to find that that there were growing judicial attempts to cast _Payne_ in its
proper light (see, for example, the English Court of Appeal decision of _In re
H (Leave to Remove)_ [2010] 2 FLR 1875 at [21]) and these efforts finally
culminated in the English Court of Appeal decision of _K v K (Children:
Permanent Removal from Jurisdiction)_ [2012] Fam 134 (“ _K v K_ ”). In this
case, Moore-Bick LJ left the English position in no doubt when he stated that
the only _principle_ of law to emerge from _Payne_ was that the welfare of the
child was paramount while the rest of the other observations were useful only
as _guidance_. Moore-Bick LJ’s observation in this regard (at [86], and which
Thorpe LJ agreed with at [39] of _K v K_) was also noted by the Judge at [18]
of GD(HC) (as well as by Andrew Ang J in _AZB_ at [17]), and bears setting out
here at length as it echoes our own views on the proper approach to adopt in
considering relocation applications:

… [H]aving considered _Payne v Payne_ itself and the authorities in which it
has been discussed, I cannot help thinking that the controversy which now
surrounds it is the result of a failure to distinguish clearly between legal
principle and guidance. In my view Wilson LJ was, with respect, quite right to
warn against endorsing a parody of the decision. As I read it, **_the only
principle of law enunciated in_****Payne v Payne**** _is that the welfare of
the child is paramount; all the rest is guidance_**. Such difficulty as has
arisen is the result of treating that guidance as if it contained principles
of law from which no departure is permitted. _Guidance of the kind provided in
Payne v Payne is, of course, very valuable both in ensuring that judges
identify what are likely to be the most important factors to be taken into
account and the weight that should generally be attached to them. It also
plays a valuable role in promoting consistency in decision-making. However_ ,
**_the circumstances in which these difficult decisions have to be made vary
infinitely and the judge in each case must be free to weigh up the individual
factors and make whatever decision he or she considers to be in the best
interests of the child_** _._ As Hedley J said in _In re Y (Leave to Remove
from Jurisdiction)_ [2004] 2 FLR 330, **_the welfare of the child overbears
all other considerations, however powerful and reasonable they may be_** _. I
do not think that the court in_ Payne v Payne _intended to suggest otherwise_.
[emphasis added in italics and in bold italics]

25 Finally, we leave the issue with regard to the reasonable wishes of the
caregiver to make our third observation, and this has to do with _another_
factor that is relevant in assessing the welfare of the child, _viz_ , _the
child’s loss of relationship with the left-behind parent_. We pause to observe
that, until the Judge’s decision, this factor did not receive much
consideration in the local case law as the focus had tended largely to be on
the wishes of the relocating parent (see _Ong_ at paras 9.5 and 9.44). In our
view, that is unfortunate. It is axiomatic that a child benefits from the
nurturing presence and joint contribution of _both_ parents in his or her life
and this does not cease to be true upon the breakdown of marriage. Relocation,
however, represents a serious threat to this ideal state of joint parenting
since the left-behind parent would, as its appellation suggests, become less
of a presence in the child’s new life.

26 We must emphasise, however, that although the loss to the child of his or
her relationship with the left-behind parent is an important consideration, it
is, like that of the wishes of the primary caregiver, not to be treated as
having determinative weight or as being decisive in every case. How adversely
the loss of that relationship will impact on the child’s welfare is, of
course, a matter that depends on the facts, _in particular, the strength of
the existing bond between the left-behind parent and the child_. In general,
the stronger the bond, the larger the resultant void in the child’s life if
relocation is allowed, and, accordingly, the weightier this factor must be in
the overall analysis. Indeed, it may _further_ be appreciated that it is only
when there is a _subsisting_ relationship between the left-behind parent and
the child that one can properly speak of there being a “ _loss_ ” of that
relationship upon relocation. As has been astutely contrasted in _Ong_ at para
9.42, the severance of an already functioning (if not blossoming) relationship
will generally be both more agonising and disruptive to the child than if the
effect of relocation was, relatively speaking, merely to hamper the “
_building_ ” up of that particular parent-child relationship:

There is a difference between the trauma and harm to a child arising from the
_loss_ of a close relationship and the benefits of _building_ a relationship
with both parents. Where the relationship between the child and non-custodial
parent is not close, it may still be beneficial for the law to support the
maintenance of this relationship or encourage parties to strengthen the
relationship. However, if this must be sacrificed because of pressing reasons
for relocation, it may be the less harmful choice for the child. In contrast,
where a _loss_ of a close relationship is concerned, the harm to the child may
not justify the sacrifice. [emphasis in original]

27 The points which we have just canvassed at [25]–[26] above in connection
with the loss of the child’s relationship with the left-behind parent were
also noted by the Judge and, as we shall see, these observations were also
_completely apposite_ in the context of the facts of _the present case_ (see
GD(HC) at [21]–[22]):

21 Second, **_the court must bear in mind that, in general, it is in the
child’s interests for him to continue to have a meaningful relationship with
both his mother and father notwithstanding that the relationship between the
parents has broken down_**. The Court of Appeal in _CX v CY_ [2005] 3 SLR(R)
690 observed at [26] that “the welfare of a child is best secured by letting
him enjoy the love, care and support of both parents”. The understanding is
that a child will feel more secure if both his parents continue to be involved
in his life: _BG v BF_ [2007] 3 SLR(R) 233 at [13]. _Although these comments
were made in the context of joint custody orders in CX v CY and access orders
in BG v BF, I consider them relevant in the context of relocation applications
as well._

22 The idea that a child needs both his mother and father was recognised in
the context of relocation applications by the Hong Kong District Court in
_HKMB v LKL_ [2007] HKCU 291. The court stated that it was important for the
child's “emotional and psychological stability” to maintain “regular and
meaningful contacts” with both parents and that the child would experience a
“sense of loss” if his relationship with the parent who is left behind was
adversely affected (at [59]). Admittedly, this comment was specific to the
facts of that case and was made with the benefit of psychological assessment
of the child involved. _Common sense, however, would dictate that similar
observations would apply equally in cases where the children concerned enjoyed
a good relationship with both parents._**_Much would depend on the facts of
the case._**_For example, it would undoubtedly not be in a child's interests
to force him to maintain a relationship with an abusive or estranged
parent._**_However, in general, a child would benefit from continuing to have
a meaningful relationship with both parents. Therefore, the potential loss of
an opportunity to have a meaningful relationship with the parent who is left
behind must be considered when assessing whether a relocation application
should be allowed._**

[emphasis added in italics and in bold italics]

28 To conclude our analysis of the applicable legal principles, it will be
seen that the observations which we have made regarding the reasonable wishes
of the primary caregiver (see above at [20]–[24]) and the child’s loss of
relationship with the left-behind parent (see above at [25]–[26]) _flow
naturally from_ the fundamental (or critical) principle that _the welfare of
the child is paramount._ However, as is often the case (at least in the sphere
of legal practice), the real difficulty lies not in stating the applicable
legal principles but, rather, in the _application_ thereof. It follows,
therefore, that the process of analysis by the court as well as the decision
it ultimately arrives at is **_an intensely fact-centric exercise_**.

Our decision

29 Turning, then, to the facts of the present appeal, it is clear to us that
whilst the Wife’s desire to relocate to her country of origin is
understandable (especially when viewed from her perspective), it can only be
relevant to the extent that it _simultaneously_ impacts _the welfare of the
children_. As just noted, this is ultimately a _fact-centric_ exercise which
involves the _balancing_ of all the relevant facts and circumstances of the
case, although it is of the first importance to reiterate that the ultimate
decision of the court _must_ be based on _the welfare of the children (which
is the paramount consideration)_. Hence, although the Wife is the primary
caregiver of the children, her _personal_ well-being (whilst not unimportant)
_cannot trump_ the welfare of _the children_. As Ong JC stated quite simply,
yet profoundly, in _TAA_ at [18], the law expects parents to “place the needs
of their children before their own”.

30 What, then, _is_ in the _best interests_ of _the children in the context of
the precise facts of the present case_? In this regard, the Judge’s view
(consistently with her observation noted above at [27]) was that _it was in
the best interests of the children that the good and close relationship that
they currently shared with their father (the Husband) should continue_. We
agreed with the Judge that this was the primary consideration in the present
case.

31 Counsel for the Wife, Mr R S Bajwa (“Mr Bajwa”), argued that the Judge
should have given more weight to her reasonable wish to relocate instead. It
is clear to us, however, that the Judge had undertaken a careful consideration
of all the relevant evidence in this case and, in so doing, was entitled to
her doubts over the underlying motivation behind the Wife’s relocation
application (see above at [15(b)]). Nevertheless, as alluded to earlier, we
were prepared to accept that the Wife has reasonable grounds for wishing to
relocate back to Canada but, _even then_ , we are unable see how this factor
outweighs the interests to the children of maintaining the strong, vibrant
relationship which they presently enjoy with their father.

32 There are, sadly, many instances where, upon the breakdown of a marriage,
the non-custodial parent drifts out of the child’s life completely. There are
a variety of reasons for why this may happen. In some instances, it is because
the non-custodial parent loses the will to keep at the relationship with the
child to keep it alive. In other instances, it is the child who rejects the
non-custodial parent emotionally because that parent is perceived by the child
as having caused the breakdown of the family unit. However, regardless of the
root cause for the deterioration in the relationship between the child and the
non-custodial parent, the fact is that, in all such instances, a regrettable
state has been reached where there is little, if any, meaningful relationship
to speak of between the two. In these situations, it is only logical that the
impact of relocation on the child’s relationship with the non-custodial parent
would not be a very influential factor in weighing up what is in the best
interests of the child going forward (see also above at [26]). _Fortunately in
this case_ , the relationship between the non-custodial parent and the
children remains strong despite the breakdown – and, indeed, somewhat
acrimonious breakdown – of the spousal relationship. A loving mutual
relationship subsists between the Husband and the children not least because
the Husband has taken steps to play an active, involved role in their lives.
As a result, the children are able to enjoy, to the fullest extent possible, a
normal family life in which they can benefit from the input of _both_ parents.
As we pointed out to Mr Bajwa during the hearing, this really is the optimal
in a sub-optimal situation _from the children’s perspective_ and we would be
slow to disturb it by permitting relocation.

33 Mr Bajwa candidly accepted during the course of oral submissions that the
Husband shared a close relationship with the children in Singapore. He also
accepted that if we were to permit relocation, then that would cause, at the
very minimum, a dilution in the children’s contact with the Husband. However,
Mr Bajwa sought to downplay this consideration by highlighting that the
Husband had several options at his disposal to keep alive his close
relationship with the children – he could have frequent access to them with
the aid of modern communication tools, he had the means to travel to Canada to
visit them, and he could even relocate permanently to Canada if he wished.

34 However, we were not persuaded by these suggestions. To begin with, we did
not think that it was realistic for Mr Bajwa to suggest that the Husband could
seamlessly relocate back to Canada when, as the Judge had noted, he has been
practising in this part of the world for more than a decade and, as a result,
has acquired a depth of regional expertise that is not readily transferable to
his home country (see GD(HC) at [56]). We also pointed out to Mr Bajwa during
the course of oral submissions that whilst technology was (in addition to
physical visits) available to all concerned to stay in touch with one another
on a regular basis, it was preferable, given the very nature of the
relationship, for _the children_ to continue to have **_personal_** contact
with the Husband. This point was eloquently made by the Judge at [35(c)] of
GD(HC):

… With younger children, closeness is promoted by physical contact and
frequent interaction in routine activities. Telephone and internet access are
frequently unsatisfactory due to technical difficulties and generally permit
only one type of interaction: conversation. Normal family life consists of
much more than conversations between parent and child – there are joint
activities, routines, projects, discipline and learning from the examples set
by the parents in all sorts of situations.

On the other hand, we also pointed out that the Wife could (in addition to
visits to Canada) avail herself of technology in order to not only keep in
touch but also receive the requisite support from her family in Canada.
Indeed, it should also be noted that the time differences that are necessarily
experienced when communicating overseas would be more easily accommodated in
any event by an adult (here, the Wife) compared to the children. This was also
a point noted by the Judge in emphasising the “children’s young ages” (see
GD(HC) at [35(c)]).

35 It is clear, in our view, that the Judge had paid close – indeed,
meticulous – attention to all the relevant facts and not only balanced them
but also did so with the overarching (and fundamental as well as critical)
principle constantly at the forefront of her analysis as well as decision
(_viz_ , that _the welfare of the child is paramount_). In the circumstances,
we dismissed the Wife’s appeal together with the usual consequential orders.

36 We did, however, observe during the hearing and now reiterate in the
present judgment that it is imperative that both the Husband and the Wife
should focus on setting aside their differences as well as their legal claims
against each other and focus, instead, on continuing to develop as well as
maintain a good and strong relationship with their children and ensure that
their best interests are the paramount consideration. It was for this reason
that – despite the Husband’s strong protestations to the contrary – we made no
order as to costs.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 20 Apr 2015 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

