Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Public Prosecutor _v_ Hamidah Binte Awang and another  
[2015] SGHC 4

Case Number| :| Criminal Case No 32 of 2014  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 08 January 2015  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Lee Seiu Kin J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Ng Cheng Thiam and Chee Min Ping (Attorney-General's
Chambers) for the public prosecutor; Amolat Singh (Amolat & Partners) and
Supramaniam Rajan (Hilborne Law LLC) for the first accused; Eugene
Thuraisingam and Jerrie Tan (Eugene Thuraisingam) for the second accused.  
Parties| :|  Public Prosecutor — Hamidah Binte Awang — Ilechukwu Uchechukwu
Chukwudi  
  
8 January 2015|  
---|---  
  
Lee Seiu Kin J:

Introduction

1 This is a case where controlled drugs, concealed in a luggage bag, were
brought from Nigeria to Singapore for delivery to Malaysia _via_ the Woodlands
Causeway. The evidence established that the luggage bag was brought into
Singapore by the second accused, Ilechukwu Uchechukwu Chukwudi (“Ilechukwu”),
a 29 year old Nigerian male, and handed over to the first accused, Hamidah
Binte Awang (“Hamidah”), a 49 year old Singaporean female, to be delivered
into Malaysia. The issue was whether they had knowledge of the drugs concealed
in the luggage bag.

2 Hamidah was charged with attempting to export not less than 1,963.3g of
methamphetamine, an offence under s 7 read with s 12 of the Misuse of Drugs
Act (Cap 185, 2008 Rev Ed) (“MDA”), punishable under s 33 or s 33B of the MDA.
Ilechukwu was charged with trafficking by giving to Hamidah not less than
1,963.3g of methamphetamine, an offence under s 5(1)(_a_) of the MDA,
punishable under s 33 or s 33B of the MDA.

3 Both Hamidah and Ilechukwu claimed trial. At the end of the trial, I
convicted Hamidah and acquitted Ilechukwu. I now give my reasons.

Prosecution’s case

4 On 13 November 2011, Ilechukwu flew from Lagos, Nigeria to Singapore. He had
checked in a black luggage bag bearing a logo which reads “Star Express” (“the
Black Luggage”).[note: 1] Upon his arrival in Singapore, Ilechukwu collected
the Black Luggage from the luggage belt and eventually made his way to Hotel
81, Chinatown at 8.36pm.[note: 2] At 10.16pm, Ilechukwu left the hotel with
the Black Luggage.[note: 3] He met Hamidah and handed her the Black
Luggage.[note: 4] Hamidah placed the Black Luggage in the boot of her car and
eventually made her way to the Woodlands Checkpoint.[note: 5]

5 At the Woodlands Checkpoint, Hamidah was stopped and her car was
searched.[note: 6] The Black Luggage was cut open at the sides and two packets
of crystalline substance wrapped in brown packaging were recovered (exhibited
and marked P3 and P4).[note: 7] Hamidah was then arrested. The next morning,
Ilechukwu was arrested in his room at Hotel 81, Chinatown.

6 The two packets of crystalline substance marked A1 and A2 were subsequently
analysed by the Health Sciences Authority. The analysis revealed that A1
contained not less than 980.2g of methamphetamine and A2 contained not less
than 983.1g of methamphetamine[note: 8], adding to a total of not less than
1963.3g of methamphetamine (“the Drugs”).

7 Hamidah did not dispute that she was, at the time of her arrest, in control
and possession of the Black Luggage in which the Drugs were found.[note: 9]
However, she denied knowledge of the Drugs in the Black Luggage. Ilechukwu
similarly denied knowledge. Since Hamidah and Ilechukwu had the Black Luggage
in their possession at the material time, by virtue of s 18(1)(_a_) of the
MDA, the Drugs were presumed to have been in their possession at those times.
Pursuant to s 18(2) of the MDA, they were also presumed, until the contrary
was proven, to have known the nature of the Drugs.

8 The crux of the case, therefore, was whether Hamidah and Ilechukwu could
prove on a balance of probability that each of them did not know about the
Drugs: _Nagaenthran a/l K Dharmalingam v Public Prosecutor_ [2011] 4 SLR 1156
(“ _Nagaenthran_ ”) at [23]–[24] and [31]. The prosecution took the position
that both Hamidah and Ilechukwu had not rebutted the presumption of knowledge
under s 18(2) of the MDA. I now turn to their respective cases and my reasons,
starting with Hamidah.

Reasons for Hamidah’s conviction

9 Hamidah’s case was essentially one of trust and betrayal. Her evidence was
that she did not know that the Black Luggage contained the Drugs. She was
asked by her lover, Bengoodman Chukwunonso (“Bengoodman”), whom she trusted,
to deliver a piece of luggage to him in Malaysia.[note: 10] He told her that
it contained two Nigerian passports. Hamidah added that when she received the
Black Luggage, she had checked to make sure that it did not contain any
drugs.[note: 11]

10 I found that Hamidah had not rebutted the presumption of knowledge under s
18(2) of the MDA for the following reasons:

(a) Hamidah’s defence did not paint a consistent story; and

(b) Hamidah’s behaviour at the time of arrest.

I will elaborate on my reasons below.

Hamidah’s inconsistent defence

11 Mr Amolat Singh (“Mr Singh”), counsel for Hamidah, argued that she was a
“simpleton” who had been tricked by her lover, Bengoodman. Hamidah’s evidence
was that she had met Bengoodman in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia and eventually
became intimately involved with him.[note: 12] To support this, Mr Singh
highlighted the phone records and in particular the short messaging service
(“SMS”) message sent by Hamidah to Bengoodman, a few days before the date of
her arrest, on 11 November 2011, which reads:[note: 13]

Bengood men you never change since i no you i no you always make me like a
fool i thank you for tat i test you so many things wat i can see you dont
really luv me i no you are married _i dont no why i still luv you_ ben all the
money tat you gv is for my debt not tat i use to enjoy myself and one thing
abt you when i want to discuss something you like to ascape so you not really
serious ben so i dont no wat to say again so left everything to GOD hands
thank you ben [emphasis added]

12 While this is evidence that Hamidah has had an intimate relationship with
Bengoodman, it is equivocal as to whether she trusted him at the material
time. The message contains expressions of disappointment and betrayal, and it
is not clear from her evidence whether their relationship had, by 13 November
2011, been restored to the level that she would trust that he would not put
her in harm’s way. The evidence would suggest that Hamidah was infatuated with
Bengoodman, but that could also mean that she was willing to transport drugs
for Bengoodman to prove her affection for him.

13 More importantly, Hamidah had given evidence which would indicate that she
did not believe that Bengoodman would never use her to transport drugs. Her
assessment of Bengoodman in court suggested that she could not have believed
that Bengoodman would not harm her. Hamidah admitted during cross-examination
that she knew very little about Bengoodman,[note: 14] and that she did not
trust him completely.[note: 15] Among other things, Hamidah accepted that she
knew that Bengoodman cheated women of their money.[note: 16] It was also
apparent from the SMS message dated 11 November 2011 ([11] above) that she had
doubts about whether Bengoodman actually loved her.

14 Further evidence of distrust is found in certain aspects of Hamidah’s
conduct. Hamidah gave evidence that she had checked the Black Luggage for
drugs when Ilechukwu handed it to her, as advised by her Nigerian fiancé,
Simwuba Samuel (“Samuel”).[note: 17] It was also revealed during the trial
that she had previously delivered a luggage, said to contain “traditional
Nigerian clothes”, to Bengoodman in Malaysia ([16] below). Hamidah’s evidence
was that she had also checked the contents of the luggage for drugs on that
occasion.[note: 18] This would be inconsistent with Hamidah’s case that she
had trusted Bengoodman and genuinely believed that he would not have used her
to transport drugs. On the contrary, if these checks were made, it would be
precisely because Hamidah did not trust or believe Bengoodman.

15 If Hamidah had been the trusting simpleton that Mr Singh had submitted, it
is puzzling that she did not show any sign of shock or disbelief when the
Immigration and Checkpoints Authority (“ICA”) officers at Woodlands Checkpoint
cut the Black Luggage and took out the Drugs in her presence. There was no
evidence from her or from any of the officers present that she had reacted in
this manner.

16 Hamidah also described an earlier delivery. About one or two months before
Hamidah was arrested, Bengoodman had asked her to pick up a bag of
“traditional Nigerian clothes” from a couple who had just arrived in Singapore
and deliver it to him in Malaysia.[note: 19] As she was planning to visit her
mother in Malaysia, Hamidah said that she agreed to help Bengoodman “as a
favour for a friend”.[note: 20] She got the contact details of the couple from
Bengoodman and met them at the lobby of Hotel 81, Geylang.[note: 21] Hamidah’s
evidence was that she had requested to see the contents of the bag to make
sure that the bag did not contain “drugs or anything illegal”.[note: 22] She
then delivered the bag to Bengoodman at his condominium in Malaysia.[note: 23]

17 After this first delivery, Bengoodman again contacted Hamidah on 2 November
2011. Hamidah received two SMS messages from Bengoodman in the wee hours of
the morning:[note: 24]

From/To |  Time |  Message  
---|---|---  
Bengoodman to Hamidah |  1.56am |  [phone number redacted] izube  
Bengoodman to Hamidah |  1.57am |  Cl him now then tomorrow u collect it ok.  
  
  

18 Hamidah’s evidence was that she did not call “izube”.[note: 25] Hamidah
said she did not ask Bengoodman what was the item that she was supposed to
collect, but later prevaricated and said that she had asked but Bengoodman
refused to tell her.[note: 26] Hamidah claimed that she did not mention this
incident in her statements because she had forgotten about it.[note: 27]

19 The third request was made a few days later on 7 November 2011. Hamidah’s
phone records revealed the following SMS messages:[note: 28]

From/To |  Time |  Message  
---|---|---  
Bengoodman to Hamidah |  9.20pm |  Wait bee  
Hamidah to Bengoodman |  9.21pm |  Everything ok at the airport  
Bengoodman to Hamidah |  9.22pm |  Yes  
Hamidah to Bengoodman |  9.46pm |  Beeeeeeeeeeeee  
Bengoodman to Hamidah |  9.49pm |  Wait plz u know landing time is 10:35. Then before they wil be free u can go and collect it. If there is any problem I tell u just wait no problem at all.  
Hamidah to Bengoodman |  9.52pm |  You dey craze  
Bengoodman to Hamidah |  10.38pm |  Hotel 81 palace no25 lorong 16 geylang 398867 singapore. Telefone number is [XXX]  
Hamidah to Bengoodman |  10.40pm |  You want me to call now  
Bengoodman to Hamidah |  10.40pm |  Yes  
Bengoodman to Hamidah |  10.45pm |  Usman  
Bengoodman to Hamidah |  11.08pm |  Hajia memuna  
  
  

20 Hamidah did not talk about this incident in her statements. At trial, she
explained that Bengoodman had asked her to meet a person.[note: 29] Hamidah’s
evidence was that Bengoodman gave her the contact details but did not tell her
the reason for which she was supposed to meet the person.[note: 30] Bengoodman
told Hamidah that the person’s name was “Usman” but a lady answered when she
called the number.[note: 31] She hung up and related this to Bengoodman.
Bengoodman then gave her the name of Hajia Memuna (“Hajia”).[note: 32] Hamidah
said that the meeting did not happen because Hajia was supposed to meet a
person with a young child and Hamidah did not have one.[note: 33]

21 Hamidah said that she did not know why she was asked to meet Hajia but she
made the calls because she was curious.[note: 34] At the trial, she explained
that:[note: 35]

Sir, at first, Ben Goodman---_at that time, coincidentally, I was going to
Malaysia_. He asked me---Ben Goodman asked me to meet this person. So he gave
me the telephone number and the hotel the person is staying. ... [emphasis
added]

22 Later, while Hamidah was explaining why she did not eventually meet up with
Hajia, she said that:[note: 36]

This person says that _she has to give to a person who carries a child_. I
told her that I do not have a small child. [emphasis added]

23 There were clear indications that Bengoodman’s requests were not simple
deliveries. Hamidah, on her own evidence, asked to check the luggage in the
first delivery for drugs ([16] above). It was also strange that Bengoodman had
made his second request in the wee hours of the morning and refused to tell
Hamidah what was the item that she was supposed to collect ([17]-[18] above).
As for the third request, Hamidah decided not to use her real name but chose
to use her alias, “Maria”.[note: 37] Furthermore, the delivery was supposed to
be given tosomeone who was carrying a young child.[note: 38] If Hamidah had no
inkling of any illegality, these circumstances would have aroused her
suspicions. Contrary to Mr Singh’s contention,[note: 39] and unlike in _Khor
Soon Lee v Public Prosecutor_ [2011] 3 SLR 201 (see [23]–[28] of the
judgment), there was no consistent pattern of conduct which induced Hamidah
into believing that she was not delivering drugs for Bengoodman. Rather, the
evidence showed that Hamidah was suspicious of Bengoodman on the occasions
that she helped him.

24 On 13 November 2011, Bengoodman made his fourth and final request. He
informed Hamidah that someone was coming to Singapore and asked her to collect
from that person a luggage which would contain clothes and two
passports.[note: 40] According to Hamidah, she initially refused but
Bengoodman managed to convince her.[note: 41] Bengoodman told her that the
passports were hidden inside the clothes and explained that it was meant for
two of his Nigerian friends whose passports had expired.[note: 42] Hamidah was
supposed to collect the luggage and deliver it to Bengoodman in
Malaysia.[note: 43] This was the Black Luggage that was in Hamidah’s
possession when she was arrested at the Woodlands Checkpoint.

25 In Hamidah’s statements, it was recorded that Bengoodman had promised to
pay her RM1000 for the delivery:

(a) Statement dated 14 November 2011:[note: 44]

... He also told me that he will pay me RM1000 for helping him do this
delivery ...

(b) Statement dated 17 November 2011:[note: 45]

... I am now asked why I had agreed to help him despite knowing that I would
be doing something illegal. I agreed to help him because I was on the way to
Malaysia to meet my mother so I agreed to do him a favour. Furthermore, he had
offered to give me RM1000 as transport money. ...

26 At the trial, Hamidah shifted from the position taken in her statements and
claimed that Bengoodman was only joking when he offered to give Hamidah the
sum of RM1000.[note: 46] Her evidence was that she was not doing it for the
money.[note: 47] She also alleged that she did not take Bengoodman’s offer
seriously as he owed her S$2000 which he had yet to repay.[note: 48] However,
the alleged debt was not mentioned in her statements. Instead, she stated on
two occasions that Bengoodman had promised her RM1000 for the delivery.

27 Hamidah was cross-examined by the prosecution on this point, and was
referred to her SMS message to Bengoodman dated 11 November 2011 ([11] above).
The relevant part of the SMS message read:

... all the money tat you gv is for my debt not tat i use to enjoy myself ...

28 Hamidah agreed that the SMS message showed that Bengoodman was giving her
money but she explained that:[note: 49]

Yes, because he owed ---he owed me. It is very difficult to ask back for money
if they had owed us. We have to portray that we are in debt and we need the
money, that’s how they would give us the money.

29 Before Hamidah met Ilechukwu to collect the Black Luggage, she called her
fiancé, Samuel.[note: 50] She told Samuel that she was helping Bengoodman
deliver a luggage to Malaysia, and was advised by Samuel to check the luggage
to see if it contained drugs.[note: 51] Hamidah explained that Samuel had
advised her to check because he, being a Nigerian, was aware that some
Nigerians were involved in drug activities.[note: 52] Indeed, Hamidah said
that she shared the same concern; in her statement she said that she told
Samuel that she felt “very scared” and that she will decide whether to help
Bengoodman with the delivery later.[note: 53]

30 Hamidah met Ilechukwu at a bus stop near Clarke Quay at or around 10.47pm
on 13 November 2011.[note: 54] Hamidah said that, at the bus stop, she
observed that the Black Luggage was on the floor a few meters behind Ilechukwu
and that he “looked scared”.[note: 55] Hamidah said in her statement
that:[note: 56]

... my heart didn’t feel good as I seen that [Ilechukwu] looked very scared
and I was very suspicious of him. Furthermore, I also found it suspicious that
the bag was some distance away from [Ilechukwu] when we first met. ...
[Ilechukwu] looked like he wanted to get rid of the bag. ...

31 Despite that, Hamidah allowed Ilechukwu to put the Black Luggage into the
car.[note: 57] This was notwithstanding her own observation that Ilechukwu had
behaved suspiciously at the bus stop and the fact that Samuel had warned her
about the possibility of drugs just moments before her meeting with Ilechukwu.

32 After Hamidah dropped Ilechukwu at the taxi stand near Clarke Quay, she
called Ilechukwu and then Samuel. Her evidence in her statement clearly showed
that she remained suspicious:[note: 58]

After I dropped [Ilechukwu] off, I called [Ilechukwu] again. I asked him
what’s wrong with him and why he looked so scared. He just said nothing. I
asked if he had reached his hotel. He said wait and told me that he will call
me back. I am now asked if I believed [Ilechukwu] when he had said nothing in
response to my question as to why he looked so scared. I wish to say that I
did not believe him. I am now asked why I had called [Ilechukwu]. I had called
him because I was still very suspicious of him and feel that something is not
right. After that, while I was travelling towards Woodlands Checkpoint, I
talked to [Samuel] on the phone. I told him that I had already met [Ilechukwu]
and picked up the luggage bag. I did not mention that the person’s name was
[Ilechukwu], I just said ‘the person’. I told him that [Ilechukwu] looked very
scared and that I was very suspicious of him and the contents of the bag.
[Samuel] told me that if my heart doesn’t feel right, then I should U-turn and
return the bag to him. I am now asked why I did not make a U-turn and return
the bag to [Ilechukwu] since I was so highly suspicious. I wish to say that
again I thought of what my mother had told me, which is go straight and don’t
look back. I am now asked if I wanted to, could I have made a U-turn and
return the bag to [Ilechukwu]. I wish to say that I could have done that but I
did not.

33 This was corroborated by Ilechukwu, who testified at the trial that Hamidah
had called him after she dropped him off at the taxi stand.[note: 59] This was
also supported by Hamidah’s phone records which revealed that there were
several calls between Hamidah and Ilechukwu at around 11.33pm to
11.39pm.[note: 60] Ilechukwu was seen entering the hotel at about
11.34pm.[note: 61] Moreover, Hamidah’s phone records also confirmed that at
least two calls were made to Samuel at 11.42pm,[note: 62] after the last call
was made to Ilechukwu at 11.39pm.

34 Based on Hamidah’s evidence in her statement, corroborated by Ilechukwu’s
evidence and Hamidah’s phone records, Hamidah was highly suspicious of the
Black Luggage. At that point, Hamidah was not just worried about the Nigerian
passports. From her own evidence, Hamidah was worried that it might have been
drugs.

Hamidah’s behaviour at time of arrest

35 After Hamidah dropped Ilechukwu at the taxi stand in Clarke Quay, she drove
towards the Woodlands Checkpoint.[note: 63] At around 11.55pm, Hamidah was
stopped at the Woodlands Checkpoint for a search.[note: 64] Hamidah was asked
by the ICA officer if the Black Luggage belonged to her.[note: 65] She said
that it belonged to her friend by the name of “Rina”.[note: 66] The Black
Luggage was eventually cut open at the sides and two packets of crystalline
substance wrapped in brown packaging were recovered.[note: 67] Hamidah was
asked if she knew what the crystalline substance was, to which she simply
answered that she did not know.[note: 68] She did not express any surprise
that drugs were found in the Black Luggage. She did not say that she was under
the impression that the only contraband was Nigerian passports. Hamidah’s
response when the two packets of crystalline substance were found was
consistent with suspicion or knowledge on her part that she was carrying drugs
(see _Pang Siew Fum and another v Public Prosecutor_ [2011] 2 SLR 635 at
[65]–[67]).

36 To my mind, the most significant evidence against Hamidah was her
confession. This was recorded in her cautioned statement dated 14 November
2011, shortly after she was arrested. The statement that was recorded stated
as follows:[note: 69]

I don’t want to say anything but just to say that I am guilty. I am begging
not to receive the death penalty because of my children. Please try and help
me. I don’t know what else to say. The evidence is already there. I’m only
begging for a lighter sentence. I wouldn’t do this anymore. I wouldn’t carry
anybody’s bag anymore. I don’t know what to say to the judge. I never go
through this and face the judge and go through court. I am begging for
leniency due to my age.

37 Hamidah’s case was that the statement was inaccurately recorded due to an
error in the translation. She claimed that she had said “ _apa saya nak cakap,
saya dah buat salah_ ”, which should have been translated to “I have done
something wrong” and not “I am guilty”.[note: 70] The interpreter gave
evidence in court. She testified that she could not recall the exact words
that Hamidah had said to her, but if Hamidah had in fact said the words
claimed then she (the interpreter) would have recorded them as “I have done
something wrong”.[note: 71] The interpreter also stated that the statement was
read back to Hamidah and she did not want to make any amendments.[note: 72]

38 In my view, Hamidah’s claim did not make sense in the context of the rest
of the statement and the situation she was in. She did not dispute that the
remainder of the statement was recorded accurately. What followed the first
sentence were pleas for a lighter sentence. This was consistent with the note
of resignation in the disputed first sentence. Hamidah was in a situation
where she was facing a capital charge, a fact that she was fully aware of from
the words in her statement. She had testified that at that time she was
“scared and sad”,[note: 73] and that she loved and trusted Bengoodman. Yet,
she did not appear to have been in shock and disbelief at the betrayal and did
not come out with what she claimed was the truth, that she had thought that
the only illegal items in the Black Luggage were the two Nigerian passports.

39 I should add that I also accepted the evidence of the interpreter and found
that the statement was accurately recorded.

Checking the Black Luggage

40 There was some controversy in the trial over whether Hamidah had checked
the Black Luggage when she received it from Ilechukwu. In my view, this issue
was a red herring. Firstly, even if she had conducted a check, detailed or
otherwise, this did not mean that the presumption of knowledge under s 18(2)
of the MDA was rebutted. The fact that an accused had performed a check but
could not find any drugs in the bag would not, in itself, suffice to prove on
a balance of probability that the accused had no knowledge of the drugs and
thereby rebut the presumption under s 18(2) of the MDA. At issue is whether an
accused person has knowledge of the drugs found in his possession and not
whether he was negligent in failing to ensure that there were no drugs.
Indeed, someone who has no suspicion at all that the bag he is given contains
drugs would not be likely to make a check. And the fact that a bag is checked
could very well indicate that the person doing it believes that there could be
something sinister about its contents. In my view, the notion of wilful
blindness expounded in _Tan Kiam Peng v Public Prosecutor_ [2008] 1 SLR(R) 1
has been misinterpreted in such a manner that concepts from the law of
negligence have been imported into this area of criminal law. The issue is not
whether any duty of care has been satisfied by performing an adequate check of
a bag. It is about whether the accused had knowledge of the nature of the
drugs found in his possession. In this connection, the statements in [30]–[31]
of the Court of Appeal in _Nagaenthran_ are apposite:

30 In  _Tan Kiam Peng at [141], this court held that s 18(2) of the MDA
included both actual knowledge in its “purest form” (also referred to as
“actual knowledge simpliciter_ ” in  _PP v Lim Boon Hiong_[2010] 4 SLR 696) as
well as  _wilful blindness_. However, one must be careful to avoid unnecessary
refinement of the  _mens rea of knowledge. Wilful blindness (or “_ Nelsonian
blindness”) is merely “lawyer-speak” for  _actual knowledge_ that is
_inferred_ from the circumstances of the case. It is an indirect way to prove
actual knowledge;  _ie_ , actual knowledge is proved because the inference of
knowledge is  _irresistible_ and is the  _only rational inference available on
the facts_ (see  _Pereira v Director of Public Prosecutions_ (1988) 63 ALJR 1
at 3). It is a subjective concept, in that the extent of knowledge in question
is the knowledge of the  _accused_ and not that which might be postulated of a
hypothetical person in the position of the accused (although this last-
mentioned point may not be an irrelevant consideration) (_ibid_). Wilful
blindness is not negligence or an inadvertent failure to make inquiries. It
refers to the blindness of a person to facts which, in the relevant context,
he  _deliberately refuses to inquire into. Such failure to inquire may sustain
an inference of knowledge of the actual or likely existence of the relevant
drug. It must also be emphasised that where the Prosecution seeks to rely on
actual knowledge in the form of wilful blindness, the alleged wilful blindness
must be proved beyond a reasonable doubt_.

31 In so far as  _rebutting_ the s 18(2) presumption of knowledge is
concerned, we have stated earlier that the accused only needs to prove that he
had no knowledge of the  _nature_ of the controlled drug. Consistent with the
burden which he has to discharge, the accused has to adduce sufficient
evidence to demonstrate, on a _balance of probabilities_ , that he did not
know the  _nature_ of that drug. This is a question of fact in each case, and
turns very much on the trial judge's assessment of the credibility of the
defence witnesses (especially that of the accused, if he chooses to testify).

[emphasis in original]

Summary

41 Accordingly, I found that Hamidah’s confession, together with her reaction
when the charge was read out to her, was strong evidence that she knew that
the Black Luggage contained drugs. This, combined with the inconsistent
evidence she had given in court, formed the basis of my conclusion that
Hamidah had not rebutted the presumption of knowledge under s 18(2) of the
MDA.

Reasons for Ilechukwu’s acquittal

42 Ilechukwu’s case was that he came to Singapore for business,[note: 74] and
had been asked to deliver the Black Luggage on behalf of a friend to a
business contact he was supposed to meet in Singapore.[note: 75] He had no
reason to suspect that the Black Luggage contained drugs given the various
checks that were done.[note: 76] In addition, it was not inexplicable for him
to take a defensive stance after he was arrested and charged with an offence
that carries the death penalty.[note: 77]

43 I accepted that Ilechukwu had rebutted the presumption under s 18(2) of the
MDA for the following reasons:

(a) Ilechukwu’s evidence was consistent with his position that he had come to
Singapore as a trader and had carried the Black Luggage as a favour for a
friend, with no reason to suspect that it contained drugs; and

(b) Ilechukwu’s defensive stance after he was arrested and charged was not
sufficient to show that he knew about the drugs in the Black Luggage _before_
the arrest.

I will elaborate on my reasons below.

Ilechukwu’s evidence consistent with his position

44 According to Ilechukwu, he ran a business in Nigeria selling second-hand
electronic goods such as laptops.[note: 78] His purpose in Singapore was to
buy second-hand electronic goods for resale in Nigeria.[note: 79] In relation
to these two points, Ilechukwu’s statement was generally consistent with his
evidence at trial.

45 Ilechukwu gave evidence that he was budding businessman in Nigeria,[note:
80] with a shop in Alaba International.[note: 81] He wanted to come to
Singapore to source for cheap second-hand electronic goods for resale in
Nigeria.[note: 82] His childhood friend, Izuchukwu had put him in touch with
one Kingsley, who had contacts in Singapore.[note: 83] Ilechukwu said that he
relied on Kingsley to provide him with the Singaporean contact upon arrival.

At Murtala Muhammed International Airport in Nigeria

46 On the day of Ilechukwu’s flight into Singapore, he met Kingsley and
Izuchukwu at the Murtala Muhammed International Airport in Lagos,
Nigeria.[note: 84] Kingsley passed the Black Luggage to Ilechukwu with a
request to pass it to the contact in Singapore who was going to help Ilechukwu
source for the second-hand electronic goods.[note: 85] Kingsley then called
his contact in Singapore to tell him that Ilechukwu was on his way.[note: 86]
Ilechukwu testified that this was the first time he knew of this.[note: 87] He
was told that it contained clothes that belonged to Kingsley’s contact in
Singapore.[note: 88] Ilechukwu testified that he did not think anything about
it because Kingsley was Izuchukwu’s friend.[note: 89] While Ilechukwu did not
know Kingsley very well,[note: 90] he was aware that Izuchukwu was “quite
close” to Kingsley.[note: 91] To him, it was just a small favour for Kingsley
and his contact in Singapore.[note: 92] Ilechukwu opened the Black Luggage to
confirm that it contained clothes.[note: 93] He explained that he checked even
though he did not think that there were drugs in the Black Luggage because it
was customary in Nigeria to check the contents of a bag that one was asked to
carry.[note: 94] Ilechukwu stated that the Black Luggage also went through a
physical check as well as an X-ray scan at the immigration counter in the
airport before it was checked-in for the flight to Singapore.[note: 95] Those
checks had gone through without incident.

47 Ilechukwu gave evidence that he had tried to ask Kingsley for the details
of the contact person but Kingsley had refused.[note: 96] Ilechukwu said that
he went along with Kingsley’s arrangement because he felt that once he was
able to meet up, he would be able to conduct future transactions through that
contact.[note: 97] While this may not be the most prudent course of action to
take, it was certainly not implausible given the context; a young man with an
ambition to succeed in business presented with an opportunity.

48 I found that Ilechukwu’s testimony on this point was corroborated by
evidence. Firstly, he had entered Singapore with the equivalent of US$5000; at
the time of his arrest, he had US$4510, S$275.90 and 1,615 Nigerian
Niara.[note: 98] This was consistent with his evidence that he was here to
source for second-hand electronic goods for resale in Nigeria. Secondly,
Kervinn Leng Seng Yau (“Kervinn”), the director of ESP Lines (S) Pte Ltd, a
freight forwarding company, gave evidence that many Nigerians came to
Singapore to buy electronic goods and ship them back to Nigeria.[note: 99]
Kervinn also said that he had been informed by his Lagos office that Ilechukwu
was a trader coming to Singapore.[note: 100] The prosecution had neither
challenged nor offered an alternative explanation for the evidence.

At Changi Airport in Singapore

49 Ilechukwu received several SMS messages shortly after he arrived in
Singapore on 13 November 2011. These SMS messages are set out below:[note:
101]

From/To |  Time |  Message  
---|---|---  
Izuchukwu to Ilechukwu |  8.43am |  Have u seen him?  
Izuchukwu to Ilechukwu |  8.54am |  [phone number redacted] cal him plz  
Izuchukwu to Ilechukwu |  8.57am |  Have u finished?  
Izuchukwu to Ilechukwu |  9.03am |  Are u out?  
Izuchukwu to Ilechukwu |  9.06am |  What is the problem  
Izuchukwu to Ilechukwu |  9.16am |  If dey didnt stamp u tel dem 2 cal ESP at de back of ur IV he is de one inviting u.  
Izuchukwu to Ilechukwu |  9.21am |  Go nd cary ur bag Delet  
Izuchukwu to Ilechukwu |  9.28am |  Are u out.  
Izuchukwu to Ilechukwu |  9.35am |  Daddy u say dey have stamp u b4  
Izuchukwu to Ilechukwu |  9.44am |  Yes or No did dey refuse 2 stamp u  
Izuchukwu to Ilechukwu |  9.46am |  Have dey stamp u?  
Izuchukwu to Ilechukwu |  9.58am |  How many are u there.  
Izuchukwu to Ilechukwu |  10.04am |  ESP wil cal u now dont tel Chairman dat i cal u  
Izuchukwu to Ilechukwu |  10.12am |  Did ESP cal u?  
  
  

50 At the trial, Ilechukwu explained that it was his first time travelling out
of Nigeria.[note: 102] Izuchukwu, who was working as a travel agent, told
Ilechukwu that he had arranged the visa for another Nigerian, and asked if he
had seen him.[note: 103] Izuchukwu then gave Ilechukwu the number of the other
Nigerian and asked Ilechukwu to call him.[note: 104] Ilechukwu’s evidence was
that the words “ESP [phone number redacted]” were written at the back of his
visa and he was told by Izuchukwu to ask the ICA officers to call the number
if he encountered delays or problems at Changi Airport.[note: 105] He also
confirmed that the “ESP” in the SMS messages referred to the freight forwarder
that was mentioned earlier ([48] above).[note: 106]

51 In my view, the SMS messages were not indicative that Ilechukwu knew or
must have suspected that the Black Luggage contained drugs. While it was clear
from what had happened that Kingsley and possibly even Izuchukwu had knowledge
of the illicit contents of the Black Luggage, what was important was to test
the evidence against Ilechukwu’s evidence. This was his first time travelling
out of Nigeria. It would not be unusual for Izuchukwu, as a childhood friend
and the person in charge of Ilechukwu’s travel arrangements, to be concerned
with whether Ilechukwu was able to clear immigration in Singapore. There was
only one SMS message that referred to a “bag” (at 9.21am), and Ilechukwu’s
evidence was that it meant “go and carry your bag”.[note: 107] Ilechukwu said
he did not know what “Delet” meant.[note: 108] I noted that the name of the
other Nigerian who was on the same flight as Ilechukwu ([50] above) was
recorded in the transcript as “Adili” or “Diley”,[note: 109] and the SMS
message might have been meant for him instead. I also considered the
possibility that it was instructions for Ilechukwu to delete the SMS message
after reading it. However, the prosecution did not explore with Ilechuku what
“Delet” might possibly mean. As such, I did not think that it was appropriate
to draw any inferences based on it.

52 Despite the delay at the immigration, Ilechukwu remained composed and went
ahead to collect the Black Luggage instead of quietly walking away. This was
inconsistent with the behaviour of a person who knew that the bag that he was
asked to carry contained drugs. Such a person, having been picked out by the
authorities, would have seriously considered walking away without the bag.
However, Ilechukwu went to pick up the Black Luggage and, more importantly,
did not appear from the CCTV recording to be flustered. He was certainly not
flustered enough to be stopped by the ICA or Central Narcotics Bureau officers
when the Black Luggage was passed through the X-ray machine and physically
checked by an officer.[note: 110]

53 Ilechukwu’s conduct at Changi Airport was consistent with his position that
he had no idea that there were illicit drugs in the Black Luggage.

From Changi Airport to Hotel 81, Chinatown

54 Ilechukwu left Changi Airport for Kim Tian Hotel, where he was originally
supposed to stay. However, when he got there, he was asked to go to Hotel 81,
Chinatown instead.[note: 111] When he inquired at the check-in counter, he
found that he did not have enough Singapore dollars to pay for the room in
Hotel 81. He went out to a moneychanger which was located across the
street.[note: 112] According to the CCTV footage, Ilechukwu left the Black
Luggage at the hotel lobby for about 12 minutes (between 8.40pm and 8.52pm)
before returning from the moneychanger with the local currency.[note: 113]
This suggested that he had no knowledge of the drugs in the Black Luggage. It
would have been unusual for a person with the knowledge that that he is
carrying a bag containing drugs for a drugs syndicate to leave the bag
unattended in that manner as he would expect severe consequences if he lost
it.

55 Ilechukwu paid for one night’s stay at the hotel.[note: 114] He explained
that this was because Kingsley’s contact was to show him where to get the
second-hand electronic goods the following day.[note: 115] When the
prosecution pointed out to him that the call from Kingsley’s contact (telling
Ilechukwu, _inter alia_ , that he will meet him tomorrow) had come only
_after_ he checked in at the hotel for one night, Ilechukwu maintained that
his reason for staying only for one night was that he did not know what the
arrangement with Kingsley’s contact was, but added that the hotel was too
expensive and Kingsley’s contact might relocate him to a cheaper one after the
first night.[note: 116] This might be prevarication on the part of Ilechukwu.
However, Ilechukwu’s consistent evidence had been that Kingsley’s contact
would meet him on the day after his arrival in Singapore. This was why,
according to Ilechukwu, he decided to only pay for one night’s stay in Hotel
81, Chinatown. I noted that Ilechukwu had earlier testified that Kingsley had
called him when he was at Kim Tian Hotel.[note: 117] Besides telling Ilechukwu
to go to Hotel 81, Chinatown, Kingsley had also told Ilechukwu that his
contact would meet Ilechukwu on the next day.[note: 118] This was before the
call from Kingsley’s contact that the prosecution had pointed out to
Ilechukwu. In other words, Ilechukwu knew that he was meeting Kingsley’s
contact on the next day even before he reached Hotel 81, Chinatown.

56 Ilechukwu’s conduct after he left Changi Airport up to the check in at
Hotel 81, Chinatown was consistent with his position that that he did not know
about the drugs.

Meeting with Hamidah

57 Apart from arranging to meet on the next day, Kingsley’s contact had also
told Ilechukwu that “[his] woman will come and take the bag” from
Ilechukwu.[note: 119] This led to the meeting between Ilechukwu and Hamidah on
the night of 13 November 2011. Because Hamidah did not know the way to Hotel
81, Chinatown, it was decided that Ilechukwu would take a taxi and meet
Hamidah at Clarke Quay instead.[note: 120]

58 Hamidah arrived at the designated place but could not see Ilechukwu
there.[note: 121] She called him to ask for his location, and with the
assistance of a Caucasian man who happened to be nearby, Hamidah managed to
find him at the bus stop in Clarke Quay.[note: 122]

59 When Hamidah arrived at the bus stop in Clarke Quay, she noticed that the
Black Luggage was “near a dust bin or rubbish bin”, at the rear of the bus
stop, some distance away from Ilechukwu.[note: 123] As mentioned earlier
([30]–[31] above), Hamidah observed that Ilechukwu looked worried.[note: 124]
She explained that when Ilechukwu went to retrieve the Black Luggage, he was
looking to his right, and she wondered if he was looking for or at
someone.[note: 125] However, she did not try to ascertain who or what
Ilechukwu was looking at.[note: 126] Given that this was his first time in a
foreign country ([50] above) and left in an unfamiliar place by the taxi that
took him there, it would have been quite normal for Ilechukwu to appear a
little worried.[note: 127] Ilechukwu said that he had left the Black Luggage
at the rear of the bus stop in order to approach the Caucasian man,[note: 128]
and not because he wanted to put a distance between himself and the Black
Luggage, which was not in itself unusual.

60 After Ilechukwu handed the Black Luggage to Hamidah, they did not part
immediately. Instead, it was the evidence of both Hamidah and Ilechukwu that
he got into the car with Hamidah.[note: 129] There was some inconsistency as
to the exact sequence of events, but both of them stated that Hamidah asked if
Ilechukwu had eaten and he replied in the negative. Hamidah offered to take
him to an African restaurant and Ilechukwu, who had not eaten since he landed
several hours earlier, accepted her offer. If Ilechukwu knew of the illicit
contents of the Black Luggage, it would be highly unusual for him to agree to
continue to be associated with it and prolong the risk of being caught, no
matter how hungry he was at that moment. The natural instinct of any person
with such knowledge would be to go off immediately. Ilechukwu’s conduct in
this regard was consistent with his position that he did not know about the
drugs.

Defensive stance after arrest

61 After his arrest, Ilechukwu had insisted in all of his statements that he
did not have anything to do with the Black Luggage or Hamidah. This was
subsequently proven to be untrue. The prosecution submitted that these lies
showed that he knew that the Black Luggage contained illicit drugs, otherwise
he would have come clean upon questioning.

62 In his first statement recorded shortly after he was arrested, Ilechukwu
said he brought only one luggage into Singapore:[note: 130]

Q:When you arrive at airport in Singapore, how many luggage did you bring?

A:One

Q:Is that the luggage? (Recorder’s note: accused was pointed to a black bag on
the floor in the room)

A:Yes.

63 Ilechukwu explained that he did not lie in this statement because he
considered that the laptop bag (or in his words, “handbag”) was not a
luggage.[note: 131] Since he had one laptop bag and one luggage (_ie_ , Black
Luggage), it was not wrong for him to say that he had only brought one luggage
into Singapore.[note: 132] The prosecution submitted that Ilechukwu’s
explanation cannot be true in light of the next question ([62] above).[note:
133] In response, Ilechukwu claimed that everything, including his laptop bag,
had been taken out of the hotel room and the officer did not point to any bag
when the statement was taken.[note: 134]

64 It was not disputed that SI Mohamed Affendi Bin Ideris (“SI Affendi”), the
officer who recorded the statement, asked the question “[i]s that the luggage”
and Ilechukwu answered it in the positive. The only question was whether the
laptop bag was in the room, and whether SI Affendi pointed to it. SI Affendi
testified that the laptop bag was still in the room when the statement was
taken.[note: 135] I noticed that the evidence of ASP Edmund Lim Changwei (“ASP
Lim”) was that the items in Ilechukwu’s room were seized before the statement
was recorded:

4 At about 11.17 a.m., after Ilechukwu was handcuffed, SI Affendi and Senior
Staff Sergeant Mohammad Abdillah Bin Rahman (“SSS Abdillah”) commenced a
search of the hotel room in his presence. _A number of items found in the room
were seized and the search ended at about 11.32 a.m_.

5 ... At about 1.00 p.m., SI Affendi recorded a statement from Ilechukwu in
the room. ...

[emphasis added]

However, this did not contradict SI Affendi’s evidence given that he had
testified that the items seized were placed in Ilechukwu’s room.[note: 136] On
the whole, I preferred SI Affendi’s evidence. I found it was unlikely that
Ilechukwu would have said yes to the question, as it was framed (see [62]
above), if SI Affendi had asked the question without pointing at the laptop
bag in the room.

65 Ilechukwu’s counsel, Mr Eugene Thuraisingam, ran the alternative case that
Ilechukwu had lied in the statement because he was told that there was an
arrest the previous night and two packets of drugs were found in a bag brought
by him.[note: 137] This was put to SI Affendi when he was recalled to the
witness stand on the next day.[note: 138] SI Affendi’s evidence was that he
was only told to proceed to Hotel 81 to arrest a Nigerian male by the name of
“Ilechukwu”.[note: 139] He denied having knowledge about what happened on the
previous night at the time when he took the statement from Ilechukwu.[note:
140] ASP Lim, the leader of the arresting party, also denied that he or the
other officers conducting the arrest had told Ilechukwu that there was an
arrest on the night before and a luggage with two packets of drugs was
found.[note: 141] However, SI Affendi agreed that Ilechukwu was informed that
he was arrested for a drug offence before the statement was taken.[note: 142]
SI Affendi also accepted that he could not remember and therefore could not
rule out the possibility that Ilechukwu might have been told that there was an
arrest on the night before and a luggage with two packets of drugs were
found.[note: 143] In the same vein, ASP Lim testified that he could not say
that the other officers had not accused Ilechukwu of drug trafficking.[note:
144] I noted that there was also no record of the people who were in the hotel
room between the time that the officers entered the hotel room (at about
11.00am) to the time that the first statement was taken (at about
1.00pm).[note: 145] Significantly, DSP Xavier Lek Lai Ann (“DSP Lek”) gave
evidence during the trial that he knew that Ilechukwu’s arrest was related to
Hamidah’s arrest,[note: 146] even though he could not remember if he was
briefed or concluded based on his experience that the two cases were
related.[note: 147] DSP Lek also believed that the officers conducting the
arrest would have known the details of the case,[note: 148] and accepted that
it was possible that some of them might have told the accused what he was
being arrested for.[note: 149] To add to that, SI Affendi confirmed that it
was DSP Lek who gave him the instructions with regard to the taking of the
statement from Ilechukwu.[note: 150]

66 On the evidence before me, I could not rule out the possibility that
Ilechukwu had lied because he realised that there was an arrest on the night
before and a luggage with two packets of drugs were found and/or that he was
arrested for drug trafficking. The statement was taken approximately two hours
after the officers entered Ilechukwu’s hotel room (from 11.00am to 1.00pm). At
least one of the officers, namely DSP Lek, knew that there was an arrest on
the previous night that was in some way related to Ilechukwu’s arrest. None of
the officers could rule out the possibility that someone might have told
Ilechukwu about it, and there was no evidence on the officers who were present
at the hotel room between 11.00am and 1.00pm. Even if none of the officers had
mentioned it to Ilechukwu, it was possible that he might have overheard the
conversations between the officers and surmise that his arrest must have
something to do with the Black Luggage before the statement was taken. In any
event, it would not have been too difficult for Ilechukwu to surmise, after
being told that the arrest was related to a drug offence, that the arrest
could have something to do with the Black Luggage, as he had arrived the
previous night and had not done anything except pass the Black Luggage to
Hamidah. At the end of the day, I was not convinced based on the evidence
before me that Ilechukwu had lied in the statement about the number of luggage
that he had brought into Singapore because he knew _before he was arrested_
that the Black Luggage contained drugs. It was a possible inference to draw in
these circumstances but not the only one. In my view, it was equally possible
that Ilechukwu realised (whether he was told or otherwise) that there was an
arrest on the night before and a luggage with two packets of drugs were found
and/or that he was arrested for drug trafficking, and decided that the best
way forward was to lie about the Black Luggage.

67 In his cautioned statement and long statements, Ilechukwu maintained that
he had nothing to do with the Black Luggage or Hamidah.[note: 151] At trial,
Ilechukwu explained that he was not informed about the full facts surrounding
his arrest, and having heard that the offence carried the death penalty, he
decided that the safest course of action was to deny everything that was not
in his possession.[note: 152] It was clear from the evidence that Ilechukwu
was being defensive, and perhaps excessively so, but I did not think that this
showed unequivocally that Ilechukwu must have known about the drugs in the
Black Luggage _before_ he was arrested. This is especially so given that I
have found that his conduct _before_ his arrest was not at all consistent with
a person with knowledge of the drugs. I also took into account the fact that
he had considered himself to be a victim of circumstances and viewed the
investigating officer, ASP Deng Kaile, with absolute suspicion.[note: 153]
This could have contributed to Ilechukwu’s decision to deny everything
relating to the Black Luggage and Hamidah. In these circumstances, I was not
confident that the lies in the statements meant that Ilechukwu must have known
about the drugs _before_ he was arrested. It was equally possible that he came
to realise that there were drugs in the Black Luggage _after_ he was arrested
but _before_ his statements were recorded.

68 In _Public Prosecutor v Yeo Choon Poh_ [1993] 3 SLR(R) 302, the accused was
charged for abetment in conspiring to traffic drugs. His defence was that he
was an innocent bailee of the drugs and did not know what was inside the two
plastic bags that were found in the boot of his car. Despite finding that the
accused was not a “good witness”, the trial judge held that the accused had
successfully rebutted the presumption of knowledge under s 18(2) of the MDA
and acquitted him. The Court of Appeal allowed the appeal and convicted the
accused. According to the Court of Appeal, the lies of the accused were a
deliberate attempt on his part to dissociate himself from his conspirators as
well as to maintain ignorance of the drugs in his car, and rejected his
explanation for the lies as being incredible (at [34]). The essence of the
appeal, as the Court noted, was whether the trial judge was correct to decide
that the accused was a credible witness and therefore successfully rebutted
the presumption of knowledge (at [43]). In this regard, the Court disagreed
with the decision of the trial judge and stated that (at [44]–[45]):

44 ... Unfortunately, we were of the view that the reasons he gave for this
conclusion were focused more on the fact that the respondent was not in the
presence of the other conspirators at all times and was kept out of their
discussions. Since we have held earlier that presence throughout is not
critical to a conspiracy, _the trial judge should have directed his mind to
the other evidence against the respondent, and decided whether despite all the
contradictions and lies, the respondent could still be believed_.

45 As was held by Spenser-Wilkinson J in  _Tara Singh_  _v_  _PP_ [1949] MLJ
88 at 89, the principle is that an impression as to the demeanour of the
witness ought not to be adopted by a trial judge without testing it against
the whole of his evidence. Thus in the present case, _we were not satisfied
from the reasons given in his findings that the trial judge had in the present
case sufficiently considered all the evidence against the respondent,
especially the contradictions and lies told by the respondent, when he came to
a conclusion as to his veracity. In fact, as we have already observed, the
respondent's evidence at some points was quite incredible_. We were firmly
convinced that he was not a credible witness and had not succeeded in
rebutting the presumption of knowledge, and the trial judge ought to have
rejected his innocent bailee defence.

[emphasis added]

69 Applying this approach in the present case, I found Ilechukwu’s evidence at
the trial to be generally credible and supported by objective evidence: _eg_ ,
on the meeting with Hamidah ([57]–[60] above) and with regard to his purpose
in Singapore as a trader of second-hand electronic goods ([45] above). Viewing
the evidence in its totality, the lies in Ilechukwu’s statements as against
his conduct from the time of his arrival into Singapore up to his arrest, I
found on the balance of probabilities that it was more consistent with a
person with no knowledge of the drugs in the Black Luggage.

Summary

70 On the evidence that I have before me, I found that Ilechukwu had rebutted
the presumption of knowledge under s 18(2) of the MDA. The drugs were so well
hidden that he could not have known about it unless he was told of it. His
behaviour throughout, except at the time of arrest, had been consistent with a
person who had no inkling of the presence of drugs in the Black Luggage. His
explanation for his lies at the time of arrest was not unreasonable given the
situation he found himself, including the fact that he was in a foreign land
for the first time and unfamiliar with its laws and customs. Indeed, the
evidence before me was such that, if Ilechukwu actually knew about the drugs
or even the possibility that there were drugs in the Black Luggage, they were
not sufficient to lead me to that conclusion.

Conclusion

71 For the above reasons, I convicted Hamidah for the offence of attempting to
export not less than 1963.3g of methamphetamine under s 7 read with s 12 of
the MDA, and I acquitted Ilechukwu for the offence of trafficking not less
than 1963.3g of methamphetamine under s 5(1)(_a_) of the MDA.

* * *

[note: 1]Prosecution’s closing submissions (“PCS”) at para 4.

[note: 2]PCS at para 4.

[note: 3]PCS at para 4.

[note: 4]PCS at para 4.

[note: 5]PCS at para 4.

[note: 6]PCS at para 5.

[note: 7]PCS at para 5.

[note: 8]PCS at para 6.

[note: 9]First accused’s closing submissions (“1ACS”) at para 43.

[note: 10]1ACS at para 10(d).

[note: 11]1ACS at para 10(e).

[note: 12]Notes of evidence (“NE”), 23.9.14, p 22 line 29.

[note: 13]D3.

[note: 14]NE, 24.9.14, p 44 line 14.

[note: 15]NE, 24.9.14, p 45 line 1.

[note: 16]NE, 24.9.14, p 45 line 13.

[note: 17]NE, 24.9.14, p 22 line 19; p 61 line 29; p 63 line 22; p 66 line 1.

[note: 18]NE, 24.9.14, p 52 line 1.

[note: 19]AB 332. See also NE, 23.9.14, p 24 line 11.

[note: 20]AB 332 para 12.

[note: 21]AB 332 para 13. See also NE, 23.9.14, p 24 line 24.

[note: 22]AB 332 para 13\. See also NE, 23.9.14, p 25 line 26.

[note: 23]AB 333 para 14. See also NE, 23.9.14, p 27 line 2.

[note: 24]D3, A Nos 16–17.

[note: 25]NE, 24.9.14, p 49 line 11.

[note: 26]NE, 24.9.14, p 49 line 26.

[note: 27]NE, 24.9.14, p 50 line 3.

[note: 28]D3, A Nos 39–54.

[note: 29]NE, 23.9.14, p 27 line 23.

[note: 30]NE, 23.9.14, p 27 lines 2429.

[note: 31]NE, 23.9.14, p 28 line 21.

[note: 32]NE, 23.9.14, p 28 line 29.

[note: 33]NE, 23.9.14, p 29 line 7.

[note: 34]NE, 23.9.14, p 27 line 29; p 31 line25; p 32 line 22.

[note: 35]NE, 23.9.14, p 27 line 23.

[note: 36]NE, 23.9.14, p 29 line 7.

[note: 37]NE, 23.9.14, p 29 line 1; p 34 line 29.

[note: 38]NE, 23.9.14, p 29 line 7.

[note: 39]1ACS at paras 21–28.

[note: 40]NE, 23.9.14, p 36 line 20.

[note: 41]NE, 23.9.14, p 36 line 26.

[note: 42]NE, 23.9.14, p 36 line 27; AB 328, 333.

[note: 43]NE, 23.9.14, p 36 line 30; AB 333,

[note: 44]AB 328.

[note: 45]AB 333.

[note: 46]NE, 24.9.14, p 35 line 18.

[note: 47]NE, 24.9.14, p 36 line 2.

[note: 48]NE, 24.9.14, p 35 line 23.

[note: 49]NE, 24.9.14, p 57 line 23

[note: 50]AB 330–331. See also AB 172 (S/Nos 349 and 351).

[note: 51]AB 331, 334; NE, 24.9.14, p 61 line 26.

[note: 52]AB 331, 334. See also NE, 24.9.14, p 63 line 25.

[note: 53]AB 334.

[note: 54]AB 334; D3, A No 130.

[note: 55]AB 334; NE, 24.9.14, p 62 line 1.

[note: 56]AB 335.

[note: 57]AB 334.

[note: 58]AB 336.

[note: 59]NE, 25.9.14, p 52 line 10. See also D3, A Nos 135–139.

[note: 60]D3, A Nos 135–139.

[note: 61]AB 280.

[note: 62]AB 172–173 (S/No 353 and 364).

[note: 63]AB 329.

[note: 64]AB 248; 256.

[note: 65]AB 248.

[note: 66]AB 251.

[note: 67]AB 257, 268.

[note: 68]AB 252.

[note: 69]AB 321.

[note: 70]NE, 23.9.14, p 5 lines 14, 30; NE, 24.9.14, p 34 line 9; p 75 line
2.

[note: 71]NE, 23.9.14, p 5 line 30.

[note: 72]NE, 23.9.14, p 6 line 14.

[note: 73]NE, 24.9.14, p 34 line 5.

[note: 74]Second accused’s closing submissions (“2ACS”) at paras 8–11.

[note: 75]2ACS at paras 14–16.

[note: 76]2ACS at paras 17–21 and 27–28.

[note: 77]2ACS at paras 53–55.

[note: 78]P49; NE, 25.9.14, p 4 line 5; p 79 line 11.

[note: 79]P49; NE, 25.9.14, p 4 line 24.

[note: 80]NE, 25.9.14, p 76 line 8.

[note: 81]NE, 25.9.14, p 76 line 32.

[note: 82]NE, 25.9.14, p 80 line 20.

[note: 83]NE, 25.9.14, p 5 line 13; p 78 line 11.

[note: 84]NE, 25.9.14, p 82 line 10.

[note: 85]NE, 25.9.14, p 8 line 10; p 82 line 19.

[note: 86]NE, 25.9.14, p 8 line 26; p 82 line 25.

[note: 87]NE, 25.9.14, p 82 line 30.

[note: 88]NE, 25.9.14, p 9 line 4; p 11 line 21.

[note: 89]NE, 25.9.14, p 9 line 6.

[note: 90]NE, 25.9.14, p 6 line 29.

[note: 91]NE, 25.9.14, p 7 line 10.

[note: 92]NE, 25.9.14, p 84 line 8.

[note: 93]NE, 25.9.14, p 9 line 4; p 10 line 27; p 11 line 21

[note: 94]NE, 25.9.14, p 85 line 25.

[note: 95]NE, 25.9.14, p 12 line 29; p 13 line 20.

[note: 96]NE, 25.9.14, p 83 line 14.

[note: 97]NE, 25.9.14, p 83 line 20.

[note: 98]P49; AB 291.

[note: 99]NE, 12.9.14, p 25 line 10.

[note: 100]NE, 12.9.14, p 25 line 22.

[note: 101]AB 225–228. See NE, 25.9.14, p 20 line 25 (Izuchukwu’s number).

[note: 102]NE, 25.9.14, p 15 line 21.

[note: 103]NE, 25.9.14, p 18 line 16.

[note: 104]NE, 25.9.14, p 19 line 10.

[note: 105]P52; NE, 25.9.14, p 24 line 22.

[note: 106]NE, 25.9.14, p 25 line 22.

[note: 107]NE, 25.9.14, p 122 line 8.

[note: 108]NE, 25.9.14, p 123 line 6.

[note: 109]NE, 12.9.14, p 97 line 5 (by ASP Deng Kaile); NE, 25.9.14, p 19
line 28 (by Ilechukwu).

[note: 110]NE, 25.9.14, p 26 line 7.

[note: 111]NE, 25.9.14, p 27 line 12; p 28 line 18; p 29 line 5; p 32 line 5.

[note: 112]NE, 25.9.14, p 32 line 22.

[note: 113]NE, 17.9.14, p 70 line 2. See also PCS at para 13.

[note: 114]NE, 25.9.14, p 132 line 13.

[note: 115]NE, 25.9.14, p 132 line 15.

[note: 116]NE, 25.9.14, p 136 line 30.

[note: 117]NE, 25.9.14, p 28 line 18.

[note: 118]NE, 25.9.14, p 29 line 11.

[note: 119]NE, 25.9.14, p 42 line 6.

[note: 120]NE, 25.9.14, p 43 line 5. See also NE, 24.9.14, p 9 line 19.

[note: 121]NE, 24.9.14, p 9 line 28.

[note: 122]NE, 25.9.14, p 9 line 28; NE, 25.9.14, p 46 line 6.

[note: 123]NE, 24.9.14, p 12 line 8. See also PH22 and PH23.

[note: 124]NE. 24.9.14, p 13 line 23; p 17 line 7.

[note: 125]NE, 24.9.14, p 17 line 24.

[note: 126]NE, 24.9.14, p 17 line 30.

[note: 127]NE, 25.9.14, p 46 line 1; NE, 24.9.14, p 39 line 25.

[note: 128]NE, 25.9.14, p 47 line 23.

[note: 129]NE, 24.9.14, p 18 line 4; NE, 25.9.14, p 50 line 6.

[note: 130]P42.

[note: 131]NE, 25.9.14, p 55 line 24.

[note: 132]NE, 25.9.14, p 55 line 24.

[note: 133]Prosecution’s reply submissions at para 14.

[note: 134]NE, 25.9.14, p 56 line 8; p 56 line 22.

[note: 135]NE, 10.9.14, p 76 line 16; p 76 line 23.

[note: 136]NE, 10.9.14, p 76 line 5.

[note: 137]NE, 12.9.14, p 6 line 6.

[note: 138]NE, 12.9.14, p 6 line 6.

[note: 139]NE, 12.9.14, p 3 line 21; p 11 line 9.

[note: 140]NE, 12.9.14, p 4 line 7.

[note: 141]NE, 12.9.14, p 18 line 1.

[note: 142]NE, 12.9.14, p 5 line 13.

[note: 143]NE, 12.9.14, p 6 line 18.

[note: 144]NE, 12.9.14, p 16 line 9; p 17 line 23.

[note: 145]NE, 12.9.14, p 7 line 14.

[note: 146]NE, 17.9.14, p 44 line 20.

[note: 147]NE, 17.9.14, p 49 line 9.

[note: 148]NE, 17.9.14, p 44 line 26.

[note: 149]NE, 17.9.14, p 46 line 2.

[note: 150]NE, 12.9.14, p 4 line 27.

[note: 151]P45.

[note: 152]NE, 25.9.14, p 57 line 3; p 58 line 14; p 60 line 2; p 61 line 6.

[note: 153]NE, 25.9.14, p 60 line 2; p 64 line 28; p 70 line 20; p 88 line 11;
p 91 line 7; p 102 line 31; p 113 line 9; p 113 line 30; p 114 line 18; p 118
line 14.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 08 Jan 2015 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

