Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Bunge SA and another _v_ Indian Bank  
[2015] SGHC 330

Case Number| :| Suit No 848 of 2012 (Registrar's Appeal No 269 of 2013)  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 30 December 2015  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Belinda Ang Saw Ean J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Kwek Choon Lin Winston, Joseph Tang and Istyana Putri
Ibrahim (Rajah and Tann Singapore LLP) for the plaintiffs; Tan Teng Muan and
Loh Li Qin (Mallal & Namazie) for the defendant.  
Parties| :|  Bunge SA — Grains and Industrial Products Trading Pte Ltd —
Indian Bank  
  
30 December 2015|  
---|---  
  
Belinda Ang Saw Ean J:

Introduction

1 The first plaintiff, Bunge SA, a company incorporated in Switzerland, and
the second plaintiff, Grains and Industrial Products Trading Pte Ltd, a
Singapore company (collectively, “the plaintiffs”), are part of the Bunge
group of companies. The defendant, Indian Bank, has its headquarters in
Chennai with branches all over India and abroad such as in Mumbai and
Singapore.

2 The plaintiffs sued the defendant in Singapore _vide_ Suit No 848 of 2012
(“the Singapore proceedings”) for money had and received in respect of a sum
of US$9.74m and damages for failure to issue a letter of credit in favour of
the first plaintiff in breach of its undertaking to do so upon receipt of
US$9.74m. The fund transfer and undertaking were supposedly integral parts of
a structured finance transaction whereby the plaintiffs would provide working
capital to an Indian company, Varun Industries Limited (“Varun”), through the
use of back-to-back sale contracts. If the requisite letter of credit was not
issued, the remittance, and in this case, the sum of US$9.74m, was to be
returned to the plaintiffs. Whilst the physical remittance of US$9.74m is not
disputed, the defendant’s defence is that there is no basis for the claim
against the defendant as the remittance was to the account holder, Varun. In
other words, the remittance in question was unconnected with any legal
obligation on its part to issue a letter of credit in favour of the first
plaintiff.

3 The defendant’s application to stay the Singapore proceedings on ground of
_forum non conveniens_ was advanced on the footing that the court should not
exercise jurisdiction over a case such as this where the factors connecting
the issues and facts to Singapore were casual at best; the more appropriate
forum was clearly India. The Writ of Summons filed in the Singapore
proceedings was served on the defendant at its branch office in Singapore
solely to found jurisdiction. The operations of the Singapore branch was not
involved in the subject matter of the Singapore proceedings, and the complaint
pertained to Varun’s account at the defendant’s Mumbai branch.

4 So far as _forum non conveniens_ is concerned, the court will examine and
evaluate the connecting factors to Singapore in deciding whether Singapore is
the more appropriate forum for the issues in the action, as opposed to the
fact that the defendant was served in this country at its Singapore branch
office. As to whether the court should retain jurisdiction, the main objection
to India advanced by the plaintiffs is that they are likely to face delay in
the Indian legal system if they are compelled to initiate proceedings against
the defendant in India.

5 The Assistant Registrar stayed the Singapore proceedings on 25 July 2013 in
favour of India as the more appropriate forum. The plaintiffs appealed the
Assistant Registrar’s decision _vide_ Registrar’s Appeal No 269 of 2013 (“RA
269”).

6 On 14 May 2015, I dismissed the plaintiffs’ appeal in RA 269. As regards the
defendant’s undertaking to cooperate with the plaintiffs for the expeditious
prosecution of this action by summary procedure in India, I granted time to
the parties to consult their lawyers in India with a view to spelling out in
greater detail the extent of the undertaking required to cover proceedings to
be instituted in India. The parties took several months to finalise the terms
of the defendant’s undertaking. Be that as it may, the terms of the
undertaking were eventually recorded on 12 October 2015 as part of the Order
staying the Singapore proceedings.

7 I should mention for completeness that the plaintiffs filed a Notice of
Appeal against my decision to grant a stay on 9 June 2015 _vide_ Civil appeal
No 122 of 2015 (“CA 122/2015”). Initially, the plaintiffs intimated that they
would withdraw CA 122/2015 to file a fresh Notice of Appeal after finalisation
of the terms of the defendant’s undertaking. As it transpired, the plaintiffs
instead amended CA 122/2015 on 9 November 2015 after the terms of the
defendant’s undertaking were finalised.

8 The reasons for dismissing RA 269 are set out in this written Grounds of
Decision.

Order 12 r 7(2) of the Rules of Court

9 Procedurally, the stay application was filed late contrary to O 12 r 7(2) of
the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2006 Rev Ed) (“the 2006 ROC”). The defendant
filed its Defence before taking out the stay application on 8 April 2013. Not
only were pleadings filed, the parties amended their pleadings after the
Assistant Registrar stayed the Singapore proceedings. Besides amendments to
pleadings, further affidavits were filed for the purposes of RA 269 so much so
that RA 269 was ready for hearing only in 2015.

10 O 12 r 7(2) of the 2006 ROC provides as follows:

A defendant who wishes to contend that the Court should not assume
jurisdiction over the action on the ground that Singapore is not the proper
forum for the dispute shall enter an appearance and, within the time limited
for serving a defence, apply to Court for an order staying the proceedings.

11 The chronology of events leading up to the filing of the stay application
is as follows:

(a) The Statement of Claim was filed and served on 2 November 2012.

(b) The Defence was filed and served on 20 December 2012.

(c) The Reply was filed and served on 18 February 2013.

(d) At a Pre-Trial Conference (“PTC”) on 21 February 2013, counsel for the
defendant, Mr Tan Teng Muan (“Mr Tan”), informed the Senior Assistant
Registrar (“the PTC Registrar”) that as the defendant had just been served
with the Reply, he was not able to take instructions due to an on-going labour
strike in India and sought an adjournment of two weeks. At the same PTC,
counsel for the plaintiffs, Mr Joseph Tang (“Mr Tang”) informed the PTC
Registrar of his instructions to apply for summary judgment.

(e) At a subsequent PTC held on 7 March 2013, Mr Tan confirmed his
instructions to apply for a stay of the Singapore proceedings. The PTC
Registrar duly directed the defendant to file its stay application by 28 March
2013, and that the plaintiffs’ application for summary judgment would be held
in abeyance pending the outcome of the defendant’s stay application.

(f) The stay application was filed and it was served on 8 April 2013. On 25
July 2013, the application came up for hearing and the Assistant Registrar
allowed the defendant’s application for a stay. Two weeks later, the
plaintiffs filed this appeal against the Assistant Registrar’s order.

12 Notably, the defendant did not apply for extension of time to file the stay
application. At the same time, the plaintiffs did not oppose the direction
given on 7 March 2013. Neither did the plaintiffs raise any objection to the
late filing of the stay application at the hearing of the stay application
before the Assistant Registrar. Above all, it is not known what considerations
the PTC Registrar took into account in the exercise of his discretion to allow
the stay application to be filed out of time.

13 Be that as it may, this court has and will use its wide discretion to deal
with procedural irregularity under O 2 r 1(2) to put matters right so as to
give effect to the overriding purpose of the jurisdiction to stay proceedings
on the ground of _forum non conveniens_ , which is to ensure that the claim is
tried in the most appropriate forum. It seems to me that the procedural
timeline in O 12 r 7(2) was overlooked at the second PTC held on 7 March 2013.
The direction to file the stay application by 28 March 2013 was given without
any inkling that the effect of this was that the stay application would be
filed out of time. Mr Tang acknowledged this since the issue of non-compliance
with O 12 r 7(2) was not raised by the plaintiffs when Mr Tan communicated his
instructions to apply for a stay of the action on 7 March 2013, or during the
hearing before the Assistant Registrar, or at all. A late objection was only
made after I queried parties on the potential procedural irregularity.

14 The oversight explained in [12]–[13] above did not prejudice the
plaintiffs. As Mr Tan explained, there was no need for the defendant to apply
for an extension of time to file the stay application given the PTC
Registrar’s direction for the stay application to be filed by 28 March 2013.
As stated, even after the stay application was filed, the plaintiffs never
opposed the stay application on the ground that it was made too late. The
parties simply proceeded to argue the stay application on its merits.

15 As regards the defendant’s pleadings, Mr Tan clarified that he was not
aware of the _forum non conveniens_ issue until the plaintiffs served its
Reply. The defendant explained that the application for a stay came belatedly
as the plaintiffs had only pleaded the relevant factual matrix in their Reply.
Further instructions were taken which led to Mr Tan forming the view that the
appropriate forum was India and not Singapore. The filing of the Defence
should not amount to a waiver of the defendant’s right to apply for a stay on
the ground of _forum non conveniens_.

16 The Court of Appeal held in _Chan Chin Cheung v Chan Fatt Cheung and
others_ [2010] 1 SLR 1192 (“ _Chan Chin Cheung_ ”) at [22] and _Sun Jin
Engineering Pte Ltd v Hwang Jae Woo_ [2011] 2 SLR 196 at [16]–[17] that the
filing of a defence without more does not disentitle or prevent a defendant
from applying for a stay of the action in Singapore. The circumstances under
which the pleadings were filed are relevant to the application of this
particular proposition enunciated by the Court of Appeal. I accepted Mr Tan’s
explanation that it was after the plaintiffs filed and served the Reply that
the defendant realised that the factual matters in dispute were directly
connected to the operations of the defendant’s Mumbai branch. That meant that
the grounds justifying an application for a stay did not emerge until sometime
after the Defence was filed and served (see _Chan Chin Cheung_ at [24]). From
that point, there is reason to suppose that the court would be willing to
extend time to allow the stay application to be made. Besides, no apparent
prejudice would have been occasioned by the late application. Having regard to
the chronology, I agreed with the defendant that had the procedural breach
caused any prejudice to the plaintiffs that could have been remedied by an
appropriate costs order. Above all, at no point during the hearing of RA 269
did the plaintiffs complain of prejudice.

The Singapore proceedings

The plaintiffs’ case

17 The plaintiffs as financiers provided Varun with working capital through a
series of back-to-back contracts. The relevant contracts were all dated 27
February 2012 and they were entered into between the plaintiffs, Varun, and a
fourth company known as White Impex General Trading LLC (“White Impex”). The
contractual chain is as follows:

(a) The first plaintiff sold a cargo of 33,007.861 mt of “US SOYABEAN MEAL”
for a sum of US$14,989,859.92 to Varun on terms that Varun was to make payment
by way of a letter of credit in the same amount, payable on 180 days from the
date of the letter of credit. The documents required to be presented for
payment under the letter of credit included, _inter alia_ , one photocopy of
the ocean bill(s) of lading, instead of the original bill(s) of lading.

(b) Varun sold the same cargo to White Impex for a total price of
US$15,589,612.75 pursuant to Sale Contract No. VARUN/KCR/12/S002. The terms of
the sale contract provided that White Impex was to pay Varun the contract
price within 180 days from the letter of credit issued by Varun.

(c) White Impex then sold the same cargo to the second plaintiff for a sum of
US$14,610,269.51. Under this contract, the second plaintiff was to pay White
Impex the full amount of the contract price at sight.

For ease of reference, this contractual chain shall be referred to as “the
A002 Transactions”.

18 The defendant was appointed by Varun as the issuing bank for the letter of
credit. According to the plaintiffs, the defendant was obliged to honour the
letter of credit upon presentation of a photocopy of the bill(s) of lading.
The documents to be presented for payment under the letter of credit were to
be accepted by the defendant regardless of any and all discrepancies. To
secure the value of the letter of credit to be issued, the defendant required
a cash deposit for the approximate value of the letter of credit. It was
envisaged that the cash deposit would be provided by the plaintiffs.

19 To avoid the situation where no letter of credit was issued after payment
of the cash deposit to the defendant, the plaintiffs required the defendant to
give an undertaking that it would issue the letter of credit within the
stipulated time, failing which the said deposit would be refunded to the
plaintiffs.

20 Mr Tang said that the structured finance transaction in the Singapore
proceedings was similar to the structured financing transaction described in
_Raiffeisen Zentralbank Osterreich AG v Archer Daniels Midland Co and others_
[2007] 1 SLR(R) 196. According to Mr Tang, the letter of credit to be issued
constituted security for the plaintiffs’ provision of working capital to
Varun. Unfortunately, Mr Tang was not able to explain how Varun would have
obtained working capital through the sale transactions if the deposit to be
paid by the plaintiffs to the defendant was the security for the letter of
credit to be issued. Even though the plaintiffs were not privy to the
arrangement between Varun and the defendant, Mr Tang suggested that with the
receipt of the deposit from the plaintiffs, the defendant might provide Varun
with hedging facilities or extend working capital. At the end of the hearing,
it was still unclear how Varun obtained working capital from the plaintiffs
through the various contracts described above. Fortunately, the precise effect
of the transactions was not material to the defendant’s present application
for a stay since the remittance of US$9.74m was not disputed.

21 It is common ground that on 1 March 2012 the defendant sent the following
Society for Worldwide Interbank Financial Transmission (“SWIFT”) message to
Credit Suisse AG, the plaintiffs’ bank (hereinafter referred to as the “March
SWIFT message”):[note: 1]

F20: Transaction Reference Number

B027VARUN/BUNGI

F79: Narrative

Letter of Credit issued/to be issued by us in favour of Bunge S.A. upon our
receipt of the sum of USD 14610000.00 into Varun Industries Limited’s account
with us under … Advance Contract No. VARUN/KCR/12/A 001 between Varun
Industries Limited and White Impex General Trading LLC, we irrevocably and
unconditionally undertake that we shall issue a letter of credit for USD
14989859.92 in the format attached as Annex A hereto, subject to such
amendment, modification as may be required by VARUN INDUSTRIES LIMITED AND/OR
the beneficiary of such letter of credit.

IF FOR WHATEVER REASON WE DO NOT ISSUE THE LC IN FIVE WORKING DAYS FROM THE
DATE OF RECEIPT OF THE FORESAID AMOUNT OF USD 14610000.00, WE SHALL REFUND TO
YOU AN AMOUNT OF USD 14610000.00 AS PER YOUR BANKING DETAILS.

REGARDS

INDIAN BANK

MUMBAI FORT, FX DEPT

22 The plaintiffs maintained that the reference to “Advance Contract No.
VARUN/KCR/12/A 001” (“Advance Contract No. A001”) in the March SWIFT message
was a typographical error which the defendant knew or ought to have known of
and that the reference should have been to “Advance Contract No.
VARUN/KCR/12/A 002” (“Advance Contract No. A002”) instead. The plaintiffs’
pleaded case is that on or about 1 March 2012, the first and/or second
plaintiff had informed the defendant of the error and sought the following
amendments:

(a) to correct the reference from Advance Contract No. A001 to Advance
Contract No. A002; and

(b) to amend the value of the letter of credit to be issued from
US$14,989,859.92 to US$9,993,239.64 and correspondingly amend the deposit of
US$14,610,000 to be received to US$9,740,000 instead.

23 According to the plaintiffs, the amendments were required as the defendant
could not issue a letter of credit for the value of US$14,989,859.92 because
under the credit line between Varun and the defendant, Varun was only entitled
to apply for a letter of credit of a maximum of US$10m.

24 Thereafter, on or about 2 March 2012, the second plaintiff, through JP
Morgan Chase Bank NA, remitted a sum of US$9.74m to the defendant, providing
Varun as the beneficiary of the remittance. The remittance information
read:[note: 2]

F50K: Ordering Customer – Name & Address

…

GRAINS AND INDUSTRIAL PRODUCTS TRADING PTE LTD

…

F59: Beneficiary Customer – Name & Addr

…

VARUN INDUSTRIES LIMITED

…

F70: Remittance Information

PARTIAL PYMT 030 WHITE IMPEX UNDER INV OSN/RE/004/2012 DD 2702.12 AGSTADV CTR
NO VARUN/KCR/12/A002 DD 27..02.12 BTW WHITE IMPEX AND VARUN

25 As it turned out, no letter of credit was issued and the sum of US$9.74m
which the second plaintiff had remitted was not refunded.

26 To support the plaintiffs’ claim that the defendant must have or ought to
have known of the typographical error in the March SWIFT message, and that it
should have instead related to Advance Contract No. A002, the plaintiffs
referred to an earlier structured finance transaction that involved the same
entities (“the previous structured finance transaction”). The relevant
contracts for the previous structured finance transaction were dated 6
February 2012 and involved these back-to-back contracts:

(a) A contract between the second plaintiff and Varun where the second
plaintiff agreed to sell a cargo of 16,853.427 mt of “US NO 2 OF BETTER YELLOW
SOYBEANS” for a price of US$9,993,239.54. Pursuant to the terms of this
contract, Varun was to make payment by way of a letter of credit in such
amount, payable on 180 days from the date of the letter of credit.

(b) Varun then sold the same cargo to White Impex by way of Sale Contract No.
VARUN/KCR/12/S001 for the sum of US$10,393,002.83.

(c) Finally, White Impex sold the same cargo to the first plaintiff for
US$9,740,101.07. Under the terms of this contract, the first plaintiff was to
pay White Impex the full amount of contract price at sight.

For ease of reference, the above contractual chain shall be referred to
hereinafter as “the A001 Transactions”.

27 In relation to the A001 Transactions, the defendant was also the issuing
bank appointed by Varun for the issuance of the letter of credit to the second
plaintiff. The defendant had duly issued the letter of credit for the previous
structured finance transaction in the second plaintiff’s favour on 24 February
2012. This letter of credit was in respect of Advance Contract No. A001.

The defendant’s case

28 The despatch of the March SWIFT message was admitted but the defendant
disagreed that this message constituted or amounted to the giving of an
undertaking to the plaintiffs. The March SWIFT message was sent to Credit
Suisse AG based on written instructions from Varun dated 29 February 2012 that
specifically referred to Advance Contract No. A001.

29 According to the defendant, neither the plaintiffs nor Varun instructed the
defendant to amend the reference in the March SWIFT message from Advance
Contract No. A001 to Advance Contract No. A002. The defendant also asserted
that it did not know of the contractual chain pertaining to the A002
Transactions until it received the letter of demand from the plaintiffs’
solicitors.

30 As for the second plaintiff’s remittance of US$9.74m, the defendant’s case
is that this was received by Varun unconditionally (_ie_ , not as the alleged
deposit). In this regard, the defendant produced correspondence from Varun
dated 2 March 2012 wherein Varun informed the defendant that the remittance of
US$9.74m was “advance payment … from [its] overseas buyers” and instructed the
defendant to credit the sum to its account with the defendant[note: 3], which
the defendant did as it was obliged to act on Varun’s written mandate.

31 Even if the terms of the March SWIFT message constituted an undertaking,
the defendant’s position was that the conditions stipulated in the March SWIFT
message would have to be strictly met before the defendant’s obligations
thereunder would arise. No refund of the money or issuance of any letter of
credit was necessary as the terms of the March SWIFT message was not strictly
complied with.

32 The defendant made two other points. The first point is that Indian law is
the governing law in respect of the plaintiffs’ claims for breach of the
alleged undertaking and for return of money had and received. The second point
is that Varun is a proper and necessary party to the plaintiffs’ claim for the
recovery of US$9.74m.

The relevant principles on _forum non conveniens_

33 The leading authority on the principles governing the grant of a stay of
proceedings on the ground of _forum non conveniens_ is _Spiliada Maritime
Corporation v Cansulex Ltd_ [1987] AC 460 (“ _Spiliada_ ”). It is clearly
established that the “ _Spiliada_ principles”, as they are known, are
applicable to determining the question of _forum non conveniens_ in Singapore
(see the Court of Appeal decisions of _Rickshaw Investments Ltd v Nicolai
Baron von Uexkull_ [2007] 1 SLR(R) 377 (“ _Rickshaw Investments_ ”), _CIMB
Bank Bhd v Dresdner Kleinwort Ltd_ [2008] 4 SLR(R) 543 (“ _CIMB Bank_ ”) and
_JIO Minerals FZC v Mineral Enterprises Ltd_ [2011] 1 SLR 391 (“ _JIO
Minerals_ ”)).

34 The _Spiliada_ principles encompass a two-stage process. At stage one of
the _Spiliada_ test, the burden rests on the defendant to show that there is
another available forum that is clearly or distinctly more appropriate than
Singapore. At this stage, the court will have regard to the general connecting
factors, the governing law of the claims and the places where the respective
parties carry out business. The natural forum is the forum with which the
proceedings have the most real and substantial connection. In other words, the
natural forum is the forum in which the dispute can be adjudicated most cost-
effectively (Richard Fentiman, _International Commercial Litigation_ (Oxford
University Press, 2nd Ed, 2015) at para 13.11).

35 If the court is of the view that _prima facie_ there is some other
available forum that is clearly or distinctly more appropriate, it will
ordinarily grant a stay unless the plaintiff can prove that there are special
circumstances by reason of justice which require that a stay should
nonetheless not be granted. In exercising its discretion, the court will also
have regard to whether the defendant, in applying for a stay, genuinely
desires a trial in the foreign country, or is only seeking procedural
advantages, and whether the plaintiff would be prejudiced by having to sue in
a foreign court (see _The Eleftheria_ [1969] 1 Lloyd’s Rep 237 at 242). Where
it is alleged that the plaintiff will not obtain justice in the foreign
jurisdiction, cogent evidence must be led to establish this (see _Spiliada_ at
478). Cogent evidence is required because of the principles of international
comity, which requires the court to take extreme precautions before deciding
that there is a real risk that justice will not be done in the foreign
jurisdiction, which is the _prima facie_ natural forum.

Stage 1 of the _Spiliada_ test

General connecting factors and availability of documentary evidence and
witnesses

36 The defendant’s reasons in support of the stay application, broadly
speaking, were that the relevant witnesses and documents are located in India,
specifically at the defendant’s Fort Road, Mumbai branch, the law governing
the plaintiffs’ claims is Indian law, and that Varun, which was a proper party
to the action, is an Indian company headquartered in Mumbai. The defendant had
also voluntarily undertaken to comply with the procedural timelines in India
and cooperate with the plaintiffs to prosecute the action expeditiously in
India.

37 The only connections that Singapore had to the plaintiffs’ claim were that
the second plaintiff was incorporated in Singapore, the second plaintiff
remitted the deposit of US$9.74m to the defendant as banker for Varun (see
[24] above), and that the defendant had a Singapore branch. The receipt of the
remittance was not disputed by the defendant. The second plaintiff’s
Singaporean identity was inconsequential to the dispute between the parties.
Neither did the operations of the defendant’s Singapore branch play a role in
any of the transactions giving rise to the dispute. It is thus not surprising
that the thrust of the plaintiffs’ argument was not that Singapore was the
clearly more appropriate forum _vis-à-vis_ India, but that the defendant could
not show that India was the clearly more appropriate forum. The plaintiffs
took the position that English law governed both the contractual and
restitutionary claims, while the defendant was of the view that Indian law
would apply.

38 It is not disputed that the relevant transactions, such as the issuance of
the March SWIFT message, and the receipt of the sum of US$9.74m occurred in
Mumbai. It is also not disputed that the relevant documents concerning these
transactions are held by the defendant’s Mumbai branch.

39 The disputes of fact in the Singapore proceedings are centred on the
issuance of the March SWIFT message and Varun’s instructions thereto, the
alleged typographical error in the March SWIFT message, and the relationship
between Varun and the defendant that affected the defendant’s knowledge
concerning what should have been stated in the March SWIFT message or the
circumstances surrounding the defendant’s receipt of US$9.74m. Having regard
to these disputes of fact, the material witnesses would be the employees of
the defendant’s Mumbai branch and officers from Varun. The defendant’s
witnesses are located in India which is a factor that favours India as the
natural forum of this dispute.

40 Whilst the location of witnesses and documentary evidence may arguably be
viewed as a neutral factor especially if the material witnesses are employees
of the parties who would have no difficulty travelling to either country as
witnesses of fact, the involvement of Varun in this dispute placed a different
complexion on the matter and tipped the scale in favour of India as the more
appropriate forum. With Varun in the picture the dispute would take a
different dimension in terms of the nature of the plaintiffs’ claims and the
relevant factual and legal disputes that would arise in a trial. As the Court
of Appeal put it in _Rickshaw Investments_ at [19]:

… [T]he importance of the location and the compellability of the witnesses
depends on whether the main disputes revolve around questions of fact. If they
do and, for example, the judge’s assessment of a witness’s credibility is
crucial, then the location of the witnesses takes on greater significance
because there would be savings of time and resources if the trial is held in
the forum in which the witnesses reside and where they are _clearly_
compellable to testify. [emphasis added]

41 I now turn to discuss Varun and its relevance to the proceedings.

Varun

42 Varun, a company incorporated in India and headquartered in Mumbai, is a
central figure in the factual matrix giving rise to the dispute. As explained,
the officers from Varun who were involved in authorising and communicating
with the plaintiffs and the defendant about the respective transactions giving
rise to the dispute are material witnesses of fact.

43 There is merit in the defendant’s contention that Varun is a necessary and
proper party and that it should be joined as a party since its presence in the
proceedings would ensure that all the matters in dispute could be adjudicated
on effectively before the same judge thereby avoiding a multiplicity of
proceedings and the likelihood of inconsistent decisions. The defendant had,
at all material times, acted on Varun’s instructions. Specifically, the
content of the March SWIFT message was supposedly based on instructions from
Varun. The crediting of the remittance to Varun’s account as opposed to
retaining it as the alleged cash deposit for the approximate value of the
letter of credit was also based on Varun’s instruction (see [30] above). On
both counts there is on the defendant’s case no basis for the claim in
relation to the remittance.

44 The same contention that the wrong party had been sued is made in respect
of the plaintiffs’ claim for restitution of US$9.74m. As noted from the
remittance information set out at [24], the remittance was clearly for Varun’s
benefit. The present dispute concerned Varun’s account with the defendant and
although a customer’s account with a bank normally involves a debtor-creditor
relationship, when money is paid to a bank for a defined purpose as alleged
here, a _Quistclose_ trust would arguably come into existence in India (see
_Barclays Bank Ltd v Quistclose Investments Ltd_ [1970] 1 AC 567). Lord
Millett summarised the _Quistclose_ principles in _Twinsectra Ltd v Yardley_
[2002] AC 164 at [68] and his Lordship at [69] said:

When the money is advanced the lender acquires a right, enforceable in equity,
to see that it is applied to the stated purpose, or more accurately to prevent
its application for any other purpose. This prevents the borrower from
obtaining any beneficial interest in the money, at least while the designated
purpose is still capable of being carried out. Once the purpose has been
carried out, the lender has his normal remedy in debt. If for any reason the
purpose cannot be carried out, the question arises whether the money falls
within the general fund of the borrower’s assets, in which case it passes to
his trustee-in-bankruptcy in the event of his insolvency and the lender is
merely a loan creditor; or whether it is held on a resulting trust for the
lender. This depends on the intention of the parties collected from the terms
of the arrangement and the circumstance of the case.

45 Varun’s version of the facts is crucial. For now, the defendant’s case is
that Varun instructed it to credit the remittance to Varun’s account (see [30]
above). Whether Varun was free to apply the remittance for any other purpose
depended on the intention of the parties collected from the terms of the
arrangement and the circumstances of the case. If, as the plaintiffs argued,
the remittance was for a purpose that failed, the question is whether the
money was held by Varun on a resulting trust for the plaintiffs as opposed to
its current claim as framed against the defendant for money had and received.

46 That Varun played a significant part in the dispute is made plain by a
letter sent by the first plaintiff to Varun in April 2012 where the first
plaintiff pointed to Varun’s failure to issue a letter of credit for “Sale and
Purchase Contract BSAI S12-1231A-8298 dated 27 February 2012” and demanded
that Varun took immediate steps to pay the first plaintiff a sum of
US$9.74m.[note: 4] This demand needs to be explained when examining the
question whether or not a _Quistclose_ trust had been created in India.

47 Varun’s officers who are located outside of Singapore are not compellable
in Singapore (see O 38 r 18(2) of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2014 Rev
Ed)). The defendant’s Indian law expert, Ms Rathina Maravarman (“Ms
Maravarman”), did not deal with the question of whether Varun’s officers are
compellable in India. This was not fatal to the defendant’s stay application.
In _JIO Minerals_ , although the parties did not adduce expert evidence on
whether Indonesian witnesses were compellable to testify in Indonesia, the
Court of Appeal held that Indonesian witnesses were _more likely_ to testify
if the dispute were heard in Indonesia. This was one of the factors in _JIO
Minerals_ that pointed to Indonesia, rather than Singapore, as being the
natural forum. While it would have been preferable for the defendant to lead
evidence establishing the location of the material witnesses from Varun, and
the compellability of such witnesses in the Bombay High Court, following the
approach in _JIO Minerals_ and given that Varun is an Indian company subject
to the Indian court’s jurisdiction, Varun’s officers are more likely to
testify if the dispute is heard in India.

48 Finally, Mr Tan had, at the hearing, informed the court that Varun was due
to be wound up in India. This development added a further layer of complexity
to the Singapore proceedings. In the event of a winding up order, the Indian
courts would have jurisdiction to deal with the issue of joinder of an Indian
company in liquidation under Indian insolvency law.

The governing law

General principles

49 Another relevant factor under stage one of the _Spiliada_ test is the
governing law of the plaintiffs’ claims. It is without doubt that a court
deciding on the proper law of the claims for restitution and breach of
undertaking must apply Singapore conflict of law rules. In a stay application
which is made at an interlocutory stage with only the pleadings and minimal
affidavit evidence as background, it is appropriate for the court at this
stage to form a _provisional_ view of the governing law (_Yeoh Poh San and
another v Won Siok Wan_ [2002] SGHC 196 at [15]; _Banco Atlantico SA v The
British Bank of the Middle East_ [1990] 2 Lloyd’s Law Rep 504 at 507;
_Seashell Shipping Corporation v Mutualidad de Seguros del Instituto Nacional
de Industria_ [1989] 1 Lloyd’s Law Rep 47 at 51). Strict proof of the relevant
foreign law is not necessary and the court is able to take notice that the
laws of other jurisdictions are likely to be different (see _JIO Minerals_ at
[96]; _Rickshaw Investment_ at [43]). If the identity of the applicable law
cannot be ascertained even on a provisional basis on the pleaded case and the
interlocutory evidence adduced, the court may treat the issue of the
applicable law as a neutral factor in the first stage of the _Spiliada_ test,
leaving the matter to be settled at trial on the merits of the case (see
_Halsbury’s Laws of Singapore_ , Vol 6(2), 2013 reissue (LexisNexis, 2013) at
para 75.093).

The claim for breach of the alleged undertaking contained in the March SWIFT
message

50 The parties accepted that the choice of law analysis that was relevant to
the plaintiffs’ claim for breach of the alleged undertaking were the choice of
law rules for contractual claims as stated in _Pacific Recreation Pte Ltd v S
Y Technology Inc_ [2008] 2 SLR(R) 491 (“ _Pacific Recreation_ ”) and it is
common ground that no express or implied choice of law can be found or
inferred. It was agreed that the proper law of the obligation is thus the law
that has the closest and most real connection with the defendant’s alleged
undertaking in the March SWIFT message.

51 The plaintiffs submitted that as the March SWIFT message was sent in the
context of the overarching structured finance transaction, and specifically
was an undertaking that flowed from Varun’s obligations under its contract
dated 27 February 2012 with the first plaintiff (see [17(a)] above) which was
governed by English law, the plaintiffs submitted that English law governed
their claims against the defendant for breach of the undertaking. In contrast,
the defendant’s view is that the laws of India have the closest and most real
connection because:

(a) The March SWIFT message was issued by the defendant’s Mumbai branch.

(b) The performance of the terms of the March SWIFT message was to be effected
in India.

52 Before the court is able to determine the proper law of the alleged
undertaking in the March SWIFT message, the court must first decide on the
factual issue of whether or not the March SWIFT message constituted an
undertaking as alleged. Applying the approach in _Pacific Recreation_ , the
law that has the closest and most real connection to the March SWIFT message
is _prima facie_ Indian law for the two reasons stated by the defendant at
[51] above. Hence, the question of whether the March SWIFT message constituted
an undertaking in the first place is _prima facie_ governed by Indian law.
Assuming then that the March SWIFT message amounted to an undertaking under
Indian law, the proper law of the undertaking and the defendant’s obligations
thereunder would have to be decided as a matter of Indian law.

The claim for money had and received

53 It is now settled law that a claim for money had and received is a
restitutionary claim. It has been held in _Alwie Handoyo v Tjong Very Sumito
and another and another appeal_ [2013] 4 SLR 308 at [125] that “the underlying
basis for money had and received is now embraced under the rubric of unjust
enrichment” [emphasis in original omitted].

54 The approach in Singapore to determining the proper law of a restitutionary
obligation has been comprehensively stated in _CIMB Bank_ at [31]. In short,
the proper law of a restitutionary obligation is generally identified as
follows:

(a) If the obligation arises in connection with a contract, its proper law is
the law applicable to the contract. However, this is not an inflexible rule
that must be applied without exception to every case connected to a contract;
the rule seeks to assist in the identification of the proper law of the
restitutionary obligation in circumstances of contractual failure (for _eg_ ,
where the contract is void or ineffective) or where the contract was procured
by fraud or duress which did not directly impact the choice of law clause in
the contract (see _CIMB Bank_ at [35], [41] and [46]).

(b) If the obligation arises in connection with a transaction concerning an
immoveable, its proper law is the law of the country where the immovable is
situated.

(c) If the obligation arises in any other circumstances, its proper law is the
law of the country where the enrichment occurs.

The underlying basis of the above rules appears to be to identify the law that
has the closest and most real connection to the restitutionary obligation (see
also the Court of Appeal’s observations in _CIMB Bank_ at [31]).

55 The plaintiffs’ position is that the choice of law analysis for their claim
in restitution would follow from the choice of law analysis concerning the
claim for breach of undertaking as the claim for restitution is consequential
on the defendant’s breach of the undertaking by failing to issue the letter of
credit or refund the remitted sum of US$9.74m. This was not a view shared by
the defendant, who did not accept that it had given an undertaking, much less
breached it. In any case, the defendant submitted that the governing law of
the plaintiffs’ claim for money had and received was Indian law because:

(a) The sum of US$9.74m was remitted to Varun’s account at the defendant’s
Mumbai branch, _ie_ , India was the place where the defendant was allegedly
unjustly enriched.

(b) India was the place where the defendant received the sum of US$9.74m and
acted upon instructions of Varun to credit its account with the stated amount
(_ie_ , India was the place where the defendant changed its position).

56 Although the plaintiffs pleaded that the money was paid to the defendant
pursuant to the alleged undertaking given in the March SWIFT message, the
uncontroverted fact is that the remittance information showed that Varun was
the “Beneficiary Customer” of the remittance (see [24] above). Furthermore,
the March SWIFT message referred to a different amount of US$14.61m. The
plaintiffs thus did not fall within the terms of the March SWIFT message on
its face. It was also important to note that the plaintiffs’ claim for money
had and received was not necessarily dependent on the defendant’s alleged
breach of the March SWIFT message. The applicable test is this: what law is
most closely connected to the restitutionary obligation? In my judgment, as
the alleged enrichment and the alleged change of position both took place in
India, the _prima facie_ proper law of the plaintiffs’ claim for money had and
received is Indian law.

57 There is also the _Quistclose_ trust point discussed in [44]–[45] above.
If, as the plaintiffs argued, the remittance was for a purpose that failed,
the question is whether under Indian law the money was held by Varun on a
resulting trust for the plaintiffs as opposed to a distinct claim against the
defendant for money had and received.

Conclusion on stage 1 of the Spiliada test

58 Cumulatively, the connecting factors analysed above point to India as the
clearly and distinctly more appropriate forum.

Stage 2 of the _Spiliada_ test

Delay

59 As stated, the main objection to India advanced by the plaintiffs is that
there are likely to be lengthy delays in India if legal proceedings are
commenced there. It is worth nothing that cogent evidence is necessary to
establish the presence of substantial delays in the Indian system (see
_Konamaneni and others v Rolls Royce Industrial Power (India) Ltd and others_
[2002] 1 WLR 1269 at [177]). Anecdotal evidence would not suffice.

60 The plaintiff’s expert witness, Mr Pratap Prashant (“Mr Prashant”), a
Senior Advocate of the Bombay High Court, said it might take up to ten years
to get to trial in the Bombay High Court. The defendant’s expert witness, Ms
Maravarman, a Senior Advocate of the High Court of Chennai and Bombay, did not
dispute that delays were experienced in the Indian legal system in the past
but she highlighted efforts made in recent years to reduce the backlog of
cases. She stated that in her experience, actions could be tried in India
within three to six years of their commencement.

61 Mr Prashant talked about the pendency of suits in the Bombay High Court. He
opined that:

(a) A suit filed in the Bombay High Court is likely to take not less than ten
years to reach trial.

(b) There are suits which were commenced in the 1990s that are still pending
before the court.

(c) The Indian courts are liberal in granting adjournments, and also have a
limited number of judges to hear the cases.

(d) If the matter is appealed the appeal may take a further period of five to
nine years to be resolved.

(e) Procedure for summary judgment is available, and the present position is
that an application for summary judgment could take up to a year to be heard.
If the timelines under the Indian Code of Civil Procedure are strictly adhered
to, summary procedure may be concluded within three to six months.

To support his opinion, Mr Prashant exhibited five hearing lists of the Bombay
dated between October and December 2014, which he said indicated that there
were suits which were filed prior to 2000 which were still at a pre-trial
stage.

62 Ms Maravarman disagreed with Mr Prashant’s opinion that a regular suit in
the Bombay High Court would take ten years to go to trial. She cited the push
by the Indian courts to improve their case management capabilities and
identified a number of reforms that the Indian Government had rolled out, such
as amendments to existing laws designed to reduce the pendency of cases in the
Bombay High Court. In her view, the hearing lists exhibited by Mr Prashant
were not representative or reflective of the state of the Indian court system.
I did not place weight on Ms Maravarman’s reference to an extract from a World
Bank report on the efficiency of the Bombay City Civil Court in contractual
disputes as the information contained in the website screenshot exhibited was
unclear and devoid of context. Moving on to summary proceedings, Ms
Maravarman’s view was that strict compliance with the Indian Code of Civil
Procedure would allow summary determination of the suit within three to six
months. If, however, the Indian court finds that triable defences exist, the
summary proceedings would be converted to a regular suit.

63 In _The “Vishva Apurva”_ [1992] 1 SLR(R) 912 (“ _The Vishva Apurva_ ”), the
Court of Appeal was not satisfied that the evidence adduced of delay was
cogent enough to refuse a stay of proceedings in Singapore. The remarks made
by the Court of Appeal in _The Vishva Apurva_ at [42]–[43] are directly on
point:

42 In our view, this delay appeared to be the most weighty factor in this
case. Indeed, it would appear to be the only factor which could be said to
favour a trial in Singapore if the evidence adduced by the respondents as to
the magnitude of the delay was conclusive. However, it was not. There was a
conflict of evidence as to how long the court in Bombay would have taken to
hear the respondents’ actions in India. The respondents claimed that it would
take at least ten years on the basis of the crowded court calendar. The
appellants claimed that the statistical evidence produced by the respondents
was irrelevant as it related to cases filed under the court’s ordinary
original civil jurisdiction, that the court in Bombay had given a direction
that the limitation action be heard and determined as an expedited admiralty
suit, that it would be shorter than four years and that such a period of time
was neither unreasonable nor could it constitute an exceptional circumstance.
…

43 Having regard to the conflicting evidence before the court, we did not
think that the respondents had made out a sufficiently cogent case on the
evidence that there was excessive delay. Nor were we satisfied that this ought
to be a decisive factor in this case. In _The Vishva Ajay_ … Sheen J held that
delay in the magnitude of six to ten years was a denial of justice. That
statement was made in a _forum non conveniens_ case. In an exclusive
jurisdiction clause case, different considerations must apply. One of them is
that the court should give effect to what the parties had bargained for.

64 In the instant case, the evidence shows that at least in proceedings for
summary judgment it cannot be seriously argued that substantial justice cannot
be done in India. Notably, both experts are in broad agreement that there is a
“fast track” available in the form of summary procedure. While Ms Maravarman
opined that an application for summary judgment under Order 37 of the Indian
Code of Civil Procedure 1908 would be concluded in three to six months, Mr
Prashant’s opinion that an application for summary judgment could take up to
one year to be heard. A reasonable reading of the evidence is that it would
not take more than one year to obtain summary judgment. This estimate of one
year to obtain summary judgment could not be characterised as excessive delay.
As observed earlier, the plaintiffs were seeking, in the Singapore
proceedings, to apply for summary judgment. If the same course of action were
adopted in India, which I have found to be the natural forum, the plaintiffs’
concerns of delays would no longer carry much weight.

65 Moving away from summary judgment, Mr Prashant’s evidence did not go beyond
generalised, anecdotal material and did not approach the required high level
of cogency. Finally, the defendant gave an undertaking to cooperate in a
manner that would expedite litigation in Mumbai. This undertaking serves to
mitigate the issue of delay. By the undertaking, the parties had agreed to fix
the action for trial in the Indian courts as soon as was practicable, and if
possible, within a year from the plaintiffs’ commencement of the action in
India. With all these in mind, it could not be said that justice could not be
done in the Indian courts, which is the appropriate forum for the resolution
of this dispute.

Conclusion

66 For the reasons stated, I granted a stay of the Singapore proceedings on
the terms of the consent undertaking given by the defendant. Costs of the
appeal were fixed at $9,000 inclusive of disbursements.

* * *

[note: 1]1st affidavit of Yog Raj Bajaj (“Yog”), page 9.

[note: 2]1st affidavit of Yog, page 10.

[note: 3]1st affidavit of Yog, page 11.

[note: 4]2nd Affidavit of Mr Yog, page 13.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 30 Dec 2015 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

