Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Dong Jianrong _v_ Jiang Huaguo  
[2015] SGHC 56

Case Number| :| Divorce Suit No 5198 of 2011 (Registrar's Appeal from the
State Courts Nos 94 and 143 of 2014)  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 02 March 2015  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Choo Han Teck J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Lim Poh Choo (Alan Shankar & Lim LLC) for the
plaintiff/wife; Chung Ting Fai (Chung Ting Fai & Co) for the defendant/
husband on 3 November 2014; Defendant in-person on 16 February 2015.  
Parties| :|  Dong Jianrong — Jiang Huaguo  
  
2 March 2015|  
---|---  
  
Choo Han Teck J:

1 The plaintiff is a 43-year old Singapore citizen. She holds two jobs, one as
an insurance agent earning about $1,200 per month, and another selling
“niches”, earning about $2,500 per month. The defendant is a 49-year old
Singapore citizen working as an M&E supervisor and earning a gross monthly
income of $2,800 a month, and a take-home monthly income of $2,240 a month.

2 The parties married on 15 April 1994 in Chengdu, China. They have one child
to the marriage who is now 19 years old. On 28 October 2011, the plaintiff
filed a writ for divorce. On 28 August 2012, the District Court granted the
interim judgment for divorce on the basis of unreasonable behaviour on the
part of the defendant under s 95(3)(_b_) of the Women’s Charter (Cap 353, 2009
Rev Ed) (“WC”). The marriage lasted about 18 years.

3 On 22 April 2014, the learned District Judge (“DJ”) made orders as to
ancillary matters pertaining to custody, care and control of the child of the
marriage, division of the matrimonial home, division of other matrimonial
assets, maintenance for the plaintiff, and maintenance for the child. The
grounds for her decision are set out in _TFJ v TFK_ [2014] SGDC 256 (“the
GD”).

4 Subsequently in RAS 94 of 2014, the plaintiff appealed against the following
orders made by the learned DJ on 22 April 2014:

(a) The defendant shall pay a sum of $100 per month as maintenance for the
plaintiff with effect from 30 April 2014. Such payments are to be made into
the plaintiff’s POSB Savings account.

(b) The matrimonial home at Jurong West shall be sold in the open market
within six months of the date of the final Judgment and the proceeds after
repayment of the outstanding mortgage and costs and expenses of sale be shared
equally between the parties. Each party shall refund his/her CPF monies
utilised for the purchase together with all interest accrued thereon from
his/her share of the proceeds. The defendant shall have the option to purchase
the plaintiff’s share of the matrimonial home. The option shall be exercised
within three months from the date of the Final Judgment. If the option is
exercised, the defendant shall bear the costs of the transfer.

5 In RAS 143 of 2014, the defendant appealed against the following orders made
by the learned DJ on 22 April 2014:

(a) The parties shall have joint custody of the child of the marriage with
care and control of the child to the plaintiff and reasonable access to the
defendant.

(b) The defendant shall pay a sum of $300 per month as the maintenance for the
child to the plaintiff with effect from 30 April 2014 into the plaintiff’s
designated bank account.

(c) The matrimonial home at Jurong West shall be sold in the open market
within six months of the date of the final Judgment and the proceeds after
repayment of the outstanding mortgage and costs and expenses of sale be shared
equally between the parties. Each party shall refund his/her CPF monies
utilised for the purchase together with all interest accrued thereon from
his/her share of the proceeds. The defendant shall have the option to purchase
the plaintiff’s share of the matrimonial home. The option shall be exercised
within three months from the date of the Final Judgment. If the option is
exercised, the defendant shall bear the costs of the transfer.

6 I allowed RAS 94 of 2014 in part and dismissed the appeal in RAS 143 of
2014, making the following orders and setting out my reasons below:

(a) Maintenance for the plaintiff be converted to a lump sum and adjusted to
$20,000 to be deducted from the defendant’s share of the sale proceeds.

(b) Other than the above, both appeals are dismissed.

(c) All monies due from the defendant to the plaintiff are to be deducted from
the defendant’s share of the sale proceeds of the Jurong West matrimonial
home.

7 I start with the first issue before me, namely the issue of care, control
and access of the child. The parties are in agreement that they should have
joint custody over the child. But they differ on control and access. The
defendant’s counsel, Mr Chung, has argued for sole care and control on behalf
of the defendant, or in the alternative, joint care and control. The learned
DJ had interviewed the child to ascertain his wishes as he was of sufficient
maturity to be able to do so (at [4] of the GD), and observed that the
defendant had exhibited violent behaviour towards the plaintiff at home though
there were no allegations of violence being committed against the child (at
[5] of the GD). In fact, the plaintiff has also been granted expedited orders
twice, once in 2007 and once in 2008, restraining the defendant from
committing family violence on the plaintiff.

8 I agree with the learned DJ that the plaintiff has been the primary
caregiver throughout the marriage, staying with the child in China when the
defendant moved to Singapore in 2000, and subsequently when the parties moved
into separate rooms in 2007, the child shared a room with the plaintiff and
not the defendant. The Family Affairs Agreement drawn up in 2007 further
specified that the plaintiff was to collect rental and use the rental to
provide for the child’s expenses. In my view, joint care and control is
neither appropriate nor in the child’s best interests in this case. The child
is almost of adult age, and shared care and control would be highly disruptive
to his routine especially when he is in university. More importantly, he is
fully capable of making adult choices at this age. After considering the
above, I dismissed the appeal pertaining to care and control of the child to
the plaintiff, and consequently, the appeal pertaining to maintenance of the
child by the defendant is also dismissed.

9 I now move onto the division of the matrimonial home. The parties’ direct
financial contributions to the matrimonial home can be split as 40% to the
plaintiff and 60% to the defendant. The learned DJ found at [21] of the GD
that:

“Although the wife was not a full-time homemaker she had to maintain the
household and take care of the child in China when the husband moved to
Singapore in 2000. When she came to Singapore in 2001, she worked hard to
contribute to the household and to help with financing the purchase of the
Jurong West flat. At the time of the hearing she was earning an average of
$3,700.00 per month from holding two jobs as an insurance agent and selling
niches. The husband on the other hand, did not appear to have exerted the same
effort in providing for the family. He was earning about $1,600.00 to
$2,000.00 from the time he moved to Singapore until 2005. He was earning about
$1,600.00 to $2,000.00 from the time he moved to Singapore until 2005. He
admitted that he was earning less than $1,000.00 per month in 2002. He was
earning between $2,000.00 and $2,800.00 after 2005.”

10 It is clear that the plaintiff has made significant contributions to the
marriage, especially in taking on multiple jobs to support the family after
moving to Singapore, and playing an active role in raising the child. Taking
into account the plaintiff’s indirect contributions, both financial and non-
financial, an equal division of the matrimonial home was just and appropriate.
Equality of division is neither ideal nor the norm (_Lock Yeng Fun v Chua Hock
Chye_ [2007] 3 SLR(R) 520 at [55]), but for long marriages such as this, the
courts tend to lean towards equality of division. That is because there is no
formula or means to determine the differential between the financial and non-
financial contribution of the parties with precision. An equal division is
also probably the closest the court can effect the parties’ declaration in
their matrimonial vow of treating themselves as one. I thus dismissed the
appeal pertaining to the equal division of the matrimonial home.

11 I now turn to the issue of maintenance for the plaintiff. She has appealed
against the order for maintenance, stating that lump sum maintenance would be
more appropriate in this case. In ordering monthly maintenance, the learned DJ
at [23] of the GD stated that “[a]s the [defendant] intends to retain the
Jurong West flat, there would not be any proceeds from the sale for him to
make the lump sum payment.” I note that at present the situation has changed:
the flat has been sold, and there are now sufficient funds for the defendant
to pay lump sum maintenance to the plaintiff. Given that the plaintiff was
granted a personal protection order in 2011 and two expedited orders against
the defendant in 2007 and 2008, I find that a clean break would be desirable
in this instance. I found it appropriate in the circumstances of this case to
convert the monthly maintenance order for the plaintiff to a lump sum
maintenance adjusted to $20,000, to be deducted from the defendant’s share of
the sale proceeds. In my view, this is a reasonable amount of maintenance that
he has the means to pay and would achieve "financial preservation so far as
practicable and reasonable in the circumstances" (_Quek Lee Tiam v Ho Kim
Swee_ [1995] SGHC 23 at [18] and approved by the Court of Appeal in _NK v NL_
[2007] 3 SLR(R) 743 at [78]).

12 On 16 February 2015, the parties appeared before me for a clarification of
the orders I had previously made. The defendant appeared in person having
discharged his counsel. This clarification was sought by the plaintiff’s
counsel, Ms Lim, as to whether the $10,600 due to the plaintiff could be
deducted from proceeds of the sale of the matrimonial home, which was
currently held by LawHub LLC, solicitors of the sale of the property. I
granted leave to the plaintiff to withdraw the sum of $10,600 from proceeds of
sale now held by LawHub LLC. The matter was heard on this basis and for this
reason alone.

13 However, at the clarification proceedings, the defendant asked the court to
“re-judge and re-investigate this case and re-divide the marital property
again”, which was an attempt to re-argue the appeals. He repeatedly alleged
that the judgments made were obviously unfair and that his previous solicitor
had failed to raise important arguments before the court during the ancillary
matters hearing. The defendant threatened to disseminate the decisions and
publish them “for the world to see”. The court informed the defendant that
even if he wishes to appeal against the order of this court, he has to appeal
to the Court of Appeal. He will also need to apply to appeal out of time.

14 My orders are therefore as follows:

(a) Maintenance for the plaintiff be converted to a lump sum and adjusted to
$20,000 to be deducted from the defendant’s share of the sale proceeds.

(b) Other than the above, both appeals are dismissed.

(c) All monies due from the defendant to the plaintiff are to be deducted from
the defendant’s share of the sale proceeds of the Jurong West matrimonial
home.

(d) Liberty to apply.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 02 Mar 2015 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

