Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Public Prosecutor _v_ Teo Choon Chai  
[2015] SGHC 212

Case Number| :| Magistrate's Appeal No 181 of 2014  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 14 August 2015  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  See Kee Oon JC  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Leong Weng Tat and Stephanie Koh (Attorney-General's
Chambers) for the appellant; The respondent in person; Arvindran s/o
Manoosegaran (Drew & Napier LLC) as amicus curiae.  
Parties| :|  Public Prosecutor — Teo Choon Chai  
  
14 August 2015|  
---|---  
  
See Kee Oon JC:

1 The material facts of this case are simple and undisputed. The respondent, a
Singaporean, used the NRIC of his friend, also a Singaporean, to enter the
casino at Marina Bay Sands on three separate occasions in August 2013, and was
detained by security officers when he again attempted to do so in September
2013. The law requires that all Singapore citizens and permanent residents pay
a $100 entry levy in order to enter a casino for a consecutive period of 24
hours. On each of these four occasions, he paid the $100 entry levy, albeit
“under the name of and identity of” the friend whose NRIC he used.

2 The respondent’s actions gave rise to four charges for the offence of
entering or attempting to enter a casino on false pretences under s 175A of
the Casino Control Act (Cap 33A, 2007 Rev Ed) (“the Act”), as well as three
charges for the offence of entering a casino without paying the entry levy
under s 116(6) and one charge for attempting to do so under s 116(6A) of the
Act. He pleaded guilty to the s 175A charges and was duly convicted and
sentenced. However he contested the ss 116(6) and 116(6A) charges and was
acquitted of those charges by the District Judge below. The prosecution
appealed against his acquittal and the sole issue for my determination was
whether the respondent’s conduct discloses any offence under ss 116(6) or
116(6A) of the Act.

3 For convenience I reproduce the relevant provisions of the Act:

**Entry levy**

**116.** —(1) Subject to subsection (3), a casino operator shall not allow any
person who is a citizen or permanent resident of Singapore to enter or remain
on the casino premises at any time on any day unless the person has paid to
the casino operator an entry levy of —

(_a_) $100 for every consecutive period of 24 hours; or

(_b_) $2,000 for a valid annual membership of the casino.

…

(6) Subject to subsection (5), any citizen or permanent resident of Singapore
who enters any casino premises without paying the entry levy specified in
subsection (1) is guilty of an offence and shall be liable on conviction to a
fine not exceeding $1,000, and shall also be liable for the amount of the
entry levy specified in subsection (1)(_a_).

(6A) Subject to subsection (5), any citizen or permanent resident of Singapore
who attempts to enter any casino premises without paying the entry levy
specified in subsection (1) shall be guilty of an offence and shall be liable
on conviction to a fine not exceeding $1,000.

…

**Entering casino on false pretences**

**175A.** Any person who enters any casino by pretending to be some other
person, or by using another person’s identification document, shall be guilty
of an offence and shall be liable on conviction to a fine not exceeding
$10,000 or to imprisonment for a term not exceeding 3 years or to both.

4 On a plain reading of the statutory language, it was beyond doubt that the
respondent committed an offence under s 175A of the Act by entering a casino
using his friend’s NRIC. But it was not so clear that he committed an offence
under ss 116(6) or 116(6A) given that he did pay the $100 entry levy every
time he entered the casino. The prosecution’s broad argument was that the
respondent’s payment of the entry levy was, so to speak, an “invalid” payment
for the purposes of ss 116(6) and 116(6A) of the Act because it was made under
another person’s name and identity. To justify this argument, the prosecution
urged that a purposive interpretation of ss 116(6) and 116(6A) should be
adopted. The arguments before me did not distinguish between ss 116(6) and
116(6A), and I have proceeded accordingly in the following paragraphs by
referring only to s 116(6). For avoidance of doubt, my analysis applies
equally to s 116(6A), which merely governs attempts to commit the offence set
out in s 116(6).

The prosecution’s contentions

5 The prosecution put forward four specific contentions in support of its
broad argument that the respondent’s payments of the entry levy were all
“invalid” and I turn now to summarise these contentions. The first was that
the respondent’s payments were made to facilitate a fraudulent or criminal act
and such payments cannot be valid. The prosecution relied in this regard on
the common law principles “fraud unravels everything” and “ _nullus commodum
capere potest de injuria sua propria_ ” – which means “no one should be
allowed to profit from his own wrong”.

6 The second contention had to do with the relationship between s 116(6) of
the Act and the effectiveness of the “excluded person” regime, under which
particular persons are barred entirely from entering casinos. From the premise
that entry levies “are part of a comprehensive suite of social safeguards
aimed at discouraging problem gambling”, it was argued that Parliament
intended that excluded persons should be detected at the point in time at
which they attempt to purchase an entry levy. Since casino operators ascertain
whether a person is an excluded person by checking the NRIC that the person
presents, it follows that a person’s identity is the “cornerstone” of the
entry levy system. If s 116(6) of the Act did not criminalise conduct such as
the respondent’s, the prosecution argued that this would impede the
enforcement of the “excluded person” regime by “creating an opportunity for
the excluded person to attempt to enter the casino fraudulently, by
circumventing the identity-based entry regime”. That is, it opens a backdoor
for excluded persons to “try their luck”.

7 The third contention was that a narrow interpretation of s 116(6) of the Act
carries the risk of facilitating the practice of multiple persons “sharing”
entry levies. Suppose person A pays the entry levy using person B’s NRIC, and
after some time, A exits the casino and returns B his NRIC. Thereafter, B
enters the casino with his NRIC. The prosecution said that, if s 116(6) did
not criminalise the respondent’s conduct, neither A nor B would be liable
under s 116(6), and there would be uncertainty as to whether it is A or B who
has the right to enter the casino, such that casino operators would not know
which of the two ought to be permitted or denied entry. Such an “absurd”
outcome could not have been intended by Parliament.

8 The fourth and final contention advanced by the prosecution was that the
“link” between ss 116 and 175A of the Act is “plain” – both provisions are
“premised on identity”. Payment of the entry levy facilitates subsequent entry
into the casino; hence, it was argued, if it is an offence to use an assumed
identity to enter the casino, it must also be an offence to use an assumed
identity to pay the entry levy. It cannot be that s 116 allows a person to
“claim to be two persons as it suits him”.

The _amicus curiae_ ’s submissions

9 It was common ground that the question for determination was novel. Having
regard to the fact that the respondent was not represented by counsel, a young
_amicus curiae_ (“the _amicus_ ”) was appointed to assist the court in
addressing various issues arising out of the appeal. In this regard, Mr
Arvindran s/o Manoosegaran was appointed as the _amicus_.

10 The key submissions of the _amicus_ were as follows. Adopting a purposive
interpretation, an offence under s 116(6) is not constituted when a Singapore
citizen or permanent resident makes payment of the specified entry levy to
enter or remain on the casino premises under another person’s name. Parliament
did not intend for s 116(6) to criminalise payment of the entry levy under
false pretences. Moreover, s 116 and s 175A are not “inextricably linked”
because Parliament intended these provisions to achieve different social
objects. Section 116 was intended to discourage casual and impulse gamblers by
imposing a pecuniary disincentive in the form of an entry levy to remain on
the casino’s premises for a specified period. Section 175A, on the other hand,
was intended to enforce exclusion orders by penalising problem gamblers under
exclusion orders who gained entry into the casino by impersonating someone
else.

11 The _amicus_ advanced two further submissions. The first was that s 116(6)
is not a strict liability offence and the prosecution had to prove that the
respondent intended to avoid payment of the entry levy by making payment under
another person’s name. Second, he submitted that it was impermissible to treat
a s 175A offence as invariably disclosing an offence under s 116(6) of the Act
as this would result in the respondent being punished twice for what was
essentially the same offence of entering the casino “on false pretences”. The
_amicus_ thus submitted that the District Judge’s interpretation of s 116(6)
does not undermine the social object and purpose of the casino entry regime in
Singapore.

12 I have set out the submissions of the prosecution and the _amicus_ roughly
in the order in which they appeared in their respective written submissions. I
will not, however, address these submissions in the same sequence in
explaining the reasons for my decision to dismiss the appeal, which I do so
now.

My decision

The entry levy as a social safeguard against problem gambling

13 There is no doubt that the imposition of entry levies and the corresponding
criminalisation of the act of entering a casino without paying the levy are
social safeguards against what might be termed “problem gambling”, which
broadly refers to the phenomenon of people becoming addicted to gambling and
eventually landing themselves in financial ruin. This is evident in the
excerpts from the Parliamentary debates quoted by the District Judge in her
written grounds of decision, _Public Prosecutor v Teo Choon Chai_ [2015] SGDC
41 (“the GD”) at [14]. The relevant extracts from the speech by the then
Deputy Prime Minister and Minister for Home Affairs Mr Wong Kan Seng during
the Second Reading of the Casino Control Bill (_Singapore Parliamentary
Debates_ , _Official Report_ (13 February 2006) vol 80) are as follows (at
cols 2325–2328):

Sir, what I have described thus far are measures to deal with the law and
order aspects of the casino operations. Another key objective of the Casino
Control Bill is to minimise the potential for casinos to cause harm to minors,
vulnerable persons and society at large. The Bill shall enact the social
safeguards that the Government had announced in Parliament in April last year.

_Problem gambling_

_…_

_Entry levy_

To discourage locals from developing into problem gamblers, clause 116 of the
Bill shall require the casino operator to collect an entry levy from Singapore
citizens and permanent residents for every consecutive 24 hours in the casinos
or $2,000 for an annual membership. The levy will also underscore the message
that gambling is an expense and not a means to get rich.

…

The CRA will work closely with the Ministry of Community Development, Youth
and Sports to ensure that the social safeguards, such as entry levy collection
and the exclusion orders, are effectively implemented in the casinos.

14 It is not controversial that entry levies were intended to act as a social
safeguard: having to pay $100 just to enter a casino might discourage the
ordinary rational person from gambling in casinos, or might at least dissuade
him from over-indulging in gambling. In the words of the District Judge, with
which I am in full agreement, the entry levy is designed to make Singaporeans
and permanent residents “feel the pinch of having to pay $100 and
consequently, to encourage them to reconsider their decision to engage in
casual and impulse gambling” (at [20] of the GD). In short, it is a type of
tax recognising that habitual gambling, and in particular, excessive gambling
can cause harm not only to the individuals who gamble but also to their
families and society at large.

Whether there is a link between the entry levy and the “excluded person”
regime

15 There is likewise no doubt that the “excluded person” regime is also part
of the system of social safeguards that the Act constructs against problem
gambling. But it does not follow that the requirement to pay an entry levy is
somehow inextricably linked or related to the “excluded person” regime. In my
view, they are quite separate things. The entry levy requirement is a
precondition for entry into a casino that applies to _all_ Singaporeans and
permanent residents, but the “excluded person” regime is targeted narrowly at
specific individuals only, prohibiting them from entering the casino
altogether. Even if such persons pay the entry levy, it would not affect their
status as “excluded persons”: they remain “excluded” and should they present
another person’s NRIC and thereby gain entry into the casino, they would have
committed an offence under s 175A of the Act. Whether they are apprehended
quickly enough or at all is of course a separate matter, depending on the
rigour of the casino’s detection and enforcement measures.

16 Hence, I did not see how it could be said that s 116(6) of the Act was
designed and intended to facilitate enforcement of the “excluded person”
regime. In the same vein, I was unable to see why ss 116(6) and 175A of the
Act must be inextricably linked or connected to each other, as the prosecution
contended. These provisions give rise to separate and distinct offences and
each can stand alone. A person who pays the entry levy and enters a casino
using another person’s NRIC clearly commits an offence under s 175A, but
nothing in the Act suggests that there will inevitably or “automatically” be a
complementary offence under s 116(6). After all, s 175A did not exist until 31
January 2013, when it was introduced into the Act by legislative amendments.
By contrast, s 116(6) has been present since the inception of the Act. This
fact alone strongly militates against the existence of any link between the
two provisions.

Distinction between “fraudulent entry” and “fraudulent payment”

17 In my judgment, a distinction should be drawn between two scenarios. I will
term these for convenience as “fraudulent entry” on one hand and “fraudulent
payment” on the other. The former refers to _entering_ a casino in what might
loosely be called fraudulent circumstances, including entering using another
person’s NRIC or a foreigner’s identification document. This can occur with or
without payment of the entry levy. It would not be controversial, for
instance, that both offences under ss 116(6) and 175A are committed where a
Singaporean citizen or permanent resident does not pay the entry levy and
pretends to be a foreigner and uses a foreigner’s identification document to
gain entry into the casino, There is no question that the conduct involved is
criminalised by both ss 175A and 116(6) of the Act. The “fraudulent payment”
scenario refers to _paying_ the entry levy in those fraudulent circumstances
(where applicable).

18 It is well-settled that a purposive approach is mandated in statutory
interpretation having regard to s 9A of the Interpretation Act (Cap 1, 2002
Rev Ed). I agreed with the submission put forward by the _amicus_ – adopting a
purposive approach does not permit one to ignore the literal words of a
statutory provision and reference to extrinsic material such as Parliamentary
debates does not allow substitution or alteration of the actual text of the
provision in question. In support of this, he aptly cited the observations of
V K Rajah JA in _Public Prosecutor v Low Kok Heng_ [2007] 4 SLR(R) 183 at
[57].

19 On a plain reading of s 116(6), the _actus reus_ of the offence
contemplated thereunder is made out only where there is both _non-payment_ of
the entry levy and subsequent _entry_ into the casino: the offence clearly
bites at the point of _entry_. As the prosecution acknowledged in oral
argument, there would be no offence at all if a person paid the entry levy
using another person’s NRIC but for some reason did not enter the casino after
all. Thus it would appear that there was no intention to criminalise mere
“fraudulent payment”. Moreover, it would require an inordinately strained
interpretation to support the prosecution’s contention that payment made using
another person’s identification documents is tantamount to non-payment
altogether. There is nothing in the language of s 116(6), or other provisions
of the Act or extrinsic material beyond s 116(6), to suggest that the
provision must be read in this manner, such that non-payment is indistinct
from actual payment, albeit made using another person’s identification
documents.

20 I was therefore unable to agree that s 116(6) must be read such that it
criminalises a “fraudulent payment” scenario in spite of the fact that actual
payment of the entry levy had been made. In my view, s 116(6) only creates an
offence relating to entering the casino without payment of the specified entry
levy, _ie_ , it criminalises a specific subset of “fraudulent entry”. If it
were truly Parliament’s intention to criminalise “fraudulent payment” in
circumstances where the offender has paid the entry levy but gains entry using
someone else’s identification documents, it could simply have inserted an
express provision stating that it was an offence to _pay_ the entry levy for
the purpose of gaining entry under another person’s name. But that is not the
case under the Act.

21 I do not mean to suggest that the payment of the entry levy is wholly
unconnected to a person’s identity. As I understand it, this would not be
consistent with the practice in casinos, which is to record that the entry
levy has been paid in respect of the NRIC number provided during the payment.
The entry levy is thus non-transferable to that extent, and as the District
Judge explained in her GD (at [17]), this allows casinos to “ascertain if
persons who have to pay the entry levy have done so and to ensure that they do
not remain on the casino premises beyond 24 hours”. To that extent the entry
levy is tied to identity – but it is to that extent only, and for
_administrative_ purposes only. It is another thing altogether to say that the
meaning of “paying the entry levy” in s 116(6) of the Act should also be tied
to identity for the purpose of determining criminal liability under that
provision.

The prosecution’s other arguments

22 The prosecution submitted that their suggested interpretation must be
adopted as there would otherwise be a negative impact on the enforcement of
the social safeguards regime as a whole. This however brings me to another
pertinent consideration: the respondent in the present case was not an
excluded person under the Act, but he did pay the levy as required. I was
unable to see how the District Judge’s interpretation would undermine the
operation of the social safeguards regime “as a whole”. As I have pointed out
above at [15], there are different aspects which were built into the system of
social safeguards within the Act to guard against problem gambling.

23 Taking the prosecution’s hypothetical in which A pays the entry levy using
B’s NRIC, and A exits the casino after some time and returns B his NRIC so
that B then enters the casino with his NRIC, I did not see how there would be
an absurd result if I adopted an interpretation of s 116(6) of the Act that
did not criminalise the respondent’s conduct. The prosecution argued that
there would be an absurd result because, on that interpretation, neither A nor
B would have committed an offence under s 116(6), but I did not think it was
right to say that A and B would both escape liability. B would escape
liability only if the _prosecution’s_ interpretation is preferred – on this
interpretation, since A paid the entry levy in B’s name, it is B who has made
payment and who possesses the right to enter. However, if the link between
entry levy and identity urged by the prosecution is done away with, the
position would simply be that B has committed an offence under s 116(6) of the
Act because the payment was, in fact, made by A and not B. Thus, A would be
guilty of an offence under s 175A – for using B’s NRIC to enter the casino –
and B would be guilty of an offence under s 116(6), and each would also be
guilty of the offence of abetting each other’s offence. With respect, I
perceived no absurdity in such an outcome.

24 Moving to a different point, I was not persuaded by the prosecution’s
invocation of the broad principles “fraud unravels everything” and “no one
should be allowed to profit from his own wrong”. As to the former principle, I
understood it to be primarily applicable in the _civil_ rather than criminal
context. The authorities cited by the prosecution, _Mansource Interior Pte Ltd
v Citiwall Safety Glass Pte Ltd_ [2014] 3 SLR 264 and _Lazarus Estates Ltd v
Beasley_ [1956] 1 QB 702, are both civil cases, and the facts of those cases
are very far removed from those in the instant appeal. Those authorities thus
afforded me no assistance. As for the latter principle, I also understood it
to belong to the civil and not the criminal realm.

25 Even if the two principles relied on by the prosecution were applicable in
criminal cases, they were framed at such a high level of generality that they
compelled no particular result in this appeal. Taking the situation in the
present case, for example, where a person enters a casino using another
person’s NRIC, fraud may “unravel” the _entry_ into the casino, whatever that
might mean, but it does not necessarily “unravel” the _payment_ of the entry
levy as well. It was in fact paid by the person who gained entry after all.
And it was said that “no one should be allowed to profit from his own wrong”,
but what exactly is meant by “profit”? It could very well mean nothing more
than that the respondent would not have been permitted to keep any winnings
from his gambling, as the _amicus_ contended.

Summary of my decision

26 Drawing the threads of the analysis together, I rejected the prosecution’s
interpretation of ss 116(6) and 116(6A) of the Act. On a plain reading of the
statutory language, the respondent had not committed any offence under ss
116(6) or 116(6A) because he did pay the entry levy every time he entered or
attempted to enter the casino. He paid and entered (or attempted to do so)
using another person’s NRIC, but each time he did so, that gave rise to a
separate offence under s 175A. There is no reason whatsoever why the payment
should be deemed “invalid” just because it was made under another person’s
name and identity. It is not in doubt that there may be situations where a
person’s act contravenes _both_ ss 116(6) and 175A, _eg_ , where a person
enters using the identification document of a foreigner and does not pay any
entry levy since foreigners are not required to pay, or where he enters using
the NRIC of a Singaporean who has previously paid the annual entry levy that
gives him the right to enter a casino for a year. But this was not one of
those cases.

27 I make one final observation: the respondent submitted that he did not
understand why he was charged for the s 116(6) offence when he had in fact
paid the specified entry levy albeit using his friend’s NRIC. While it is not
always the case that all manner of penal legislation will be readily
understood by lay persons, it is certainly desirable that legislation ought to
be clear enough to be readily understood and applied. As I have explained
above, the prosecution’s interpretation of s 116(6) is at odds with the plain
language of s 116(6) and I was not persuaded that a strained interpretation
should be adopted.

Conclusion

28 I was therefore of the view that the District Judge correctly found that
the respondent’s acts of entering or attempting to enter the casino, having
paid the entry levy in the name of another person, did not give rise to an
offence under ss 116(6) or 116(6A) of the Act. I dismissed the prosecution’s
appeal accordingly.

29 My disposition of this appeal was in line with the submissions of the
_amicus_. I wish to record my appreciation for his assistance. I should
mention that he also advanced other arguments on s 116(6) – for instance, that
it was _not_ a strict liability offence but required _mens rea_ in the form of
an intention to avoid payment of the entry levy, and that the prosecution’s
reading of s 116(6) would fall foul of s 40 of the Interpretation Act because
it would amount to punishing the respondent twice for the same offence. I do
not, however, express any opinion on these matters as it is unnecessary to do
so.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 14 Aug 2015 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

