Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Chan Siew Lee Jannie _v_ Australia and New Zealand Banking Group Ltd  
[2015] SGHC 157

Case Number| :| Originating Summons (Bankruptcy) No 2 of 2015  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 15 June 2015  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Kan Ting Chiu SJ  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Eugene Thuraisingam and Jerrie Tan (Eugene Thuraisingam
LLP) for the plaintiff; Chou Sean Yu, Aw Wen Ni and Liang Hanting
(WongPartnership LLP) for the defendant.  
Parties| :|  Jannie Chan Siew Lee — Australia and New Zealand Banking Group
Limited  
  
[LawNet Editorial Note: The appeal to this decision in Civil Appeal No 32 of
2015 was dismissed by the Court of Appeal on 21 January 2016. See [2016] SGCA
23.]

15 June 2015|  
---|---  
  
Kan Ting Chiu SJ:

Background

1 The Plaintiff, Jannie Chan Siew Lee (“the Plaintiff”), is a debtor to the
Defendant, Australia and New Zealand Banking Corporation Group Limited (“the
Defendant”). The Defendant is a bank incorporated in Australia. The Defendant
had, in the course of its business, made a loan (“the loan’) to Timor Global
LDA (“TGL”), a company incorporated in Timor-Leste. Pursuant to the terms of
the loan, TGL pledged its assets to the Defendant. The Plaintiff is a
shareholder and director of TGL and she executed a personal guarantee with the
other directors of TGL in favour of the Defendant.

2 TGL defaulted on the loan and the Defendant commenced legal action against
the guarantors and obtained judgment against the Plaintiff. When the Plaintiff
did not satisfy the judgment, the Defendant served a Statutory Demand (“SD”)
issued under r 94 of the Bankruptcy Rules (Cap 20, R 1, 2006 Rev Ed) (“BR”) on
the Plaintiff on 15 October 2014. On 8 January 2015, the Plaintiff instituted
these proceedings against the Defendant to obtain an extension in time for her
to apply to set aside the SD under r 97 of the BR and to set aside the SD
under r 98 of the BR. I dismissed both applications.

The grounds for the application

3 The Plaintiff’s case was that the SD should be set aside as it was defective
because the security offered by TGL was not listed in the SD. Her explanation
for not filing the application to set aside the SD on time was that she had
been negotiating with the Defendant through her solicitors for the Defendant
to forebear from presenting a bankruptcy petition against her. However, the
negotiations broke down on 7 January 2015, and she filed the application on
the following day. As the main focus of the submissions from the parties was
whether the SD should be set aside, I dealt with this issue first.

Setting aside the SD

4 The application is grounded on rr 94(5) and 98(2) of the BR. They read as
follows:

94(5) If the creditor holds any property of the debtor or _any security for
the debt_ , there shall be specified in the demand —

(a) the full amount of the debt; and

(b) the nature and value of the security or the assets.

…

98(2) The court shall set aside the statutory demand if —

…

(c) it appears that the creditor holds assets of the debtor or _security in
respect of the debt_ claimed by the demand, and either rule 94(5) has not been
complied with, or the court is satisfied that the value of the assets or
security is equivalent to or exceeds the full amount of the debt …

[emphasis added]

5 Mr Thuraisingam, counsel for the Plaintiff, contended that the word
“security” in the phrases in italics refers to all security held by the
creditor in relation to the debt (“the all-security construction”). The
Defendant took the position that the word “security” refers only to security
provided by the debtor to whom the SD was issued (“the debtor’s-security
construction”). This issue arose because the assets pledged by TGL were not
specified in the SD.

6 The proper meaning of “security” in rr 94(5) and 98(2) had been dealt with
and settled in two cases, namely, _Re Loh Lee Keow and another, ex parte
Keppel TatLee Bank Ltd_ [2000] 3 SLR(R) 283 (“ _Re Low Lee Keow_ ”) and _Sia
Leng Yuen v HKR Properties Ltd_ [2001] 3 SLR(R) 587 (“ _Sia Leng Yuen_ ”). In
_Re Loh Lee Keow_ , Woo Bih Li JC (as he then was) undertook a careful
analysis of rr 94(5), 98(2)(c), 101(2), and Form 2 of the BR, and ss 63(1) and
(2) of the Bankruptcy Act (Cap 20, 2000 Rev Ed) (“BA”). His conclusion was
that the word “security” in rr 94(5) and 98(2) means security on the property
of the debtor in the bankruptcy proceedings. He explained (at [33]) that:

It does not make sense that while the creditor’s petition does not have to
mention a security on the property of a third party, the court should be
obliged to take the third party’s security into account in deciding whether to
make a bankruptcy order on hearing the petition.

7 In _Sia Leng Yuen_ , Lee Seiu Kin JC (as he then was) was urged to find that
_Re Loh Lee Keow_ was wrongly decided and that the security offered by parties
other than the debtor who was the subject of the bankruptcy proceedings had to
be disclosed and taken into account in an SD. Lee JC declined to do that, and
agreed with Woo JC’s construction because “in a very tightly-argued judgment,
the judge had demonstrated that the view which he held was the only one
possible.”

8 Rule 98(2)(c) is not unique to Singapore. It is virtually identical to r
6.5(4)(c) of the Insolvency Rules 1986 (SI 1986 No 1925) (UK), which provides
that a court may set a statutory demand aside if:

[I]t appears that the creditor holds some security in respect of the debt
claimed by the demand, and either Rule 6.1(5) is not complied with in respect
of it, or the court is satisfied that the value of the security equals or
exceeds the full amount of the debt …

9 In _White v Davenham Trust Ltd_ [2011] EWCA Civ 747 (“ _White v Davenham_
”), the English Court of Appeal held that the security contemplated by r
6.5(4)(_c)_ was the security provided by the debtor. Lloyd LJ, in delivering
the judgment of the Court, explained at [35] that:

… If… the security which the creditor holds is given not by the particular
debtor but by a third party, whoever that third party may be, that security is
not over an asset which can have any effect on the bankrupt estate of the
particular debtor and it is accordingly irrelevant for the purposes of rule
6.1(5) and correspondingly for the purposes of rule 6.5(4)(c). …

10 Mr Thuraisingam, however, disagreed. He contended that Woo JC was wrong in
two ways and Lee JC was also wrong for agreeing with him as:

(a) Woo JC had failed to identify the objects underlying the BA and the BR and
failed to take a purposive interpretation of them when determining the meaning
of “ security”; and

(b) Woo JC had failed to give adequate weight to the “unfair consequence” of
applying the debtor’s-security construction in that a guarantor can end up
being in worse-off than the principal because, if both the guarantor and the
borrower came under the bankruptcy regime, the creditor has to take into
account the assets pledged by the borrower in bankruptcy proceedings against
the borrower but does not have to do that in bankruptcy proceedings against
the guarantor.

11 If Mr Thuraisingam had given proper consideration to Lloyd LJ’s explanation
quoted in [9] above, he would have realised that the debtor’s-security
construction is not unfair because if the positions were reversed and the
guarantor had provided the security, the security would not be taken into
account in bankruptcy proceedings against the borrower.

12 Mr Thuraisingam referred to and relied on s 9A(1) of the Interpretation Act
(Cap 1, 2002 Rev Ed (“IA”)), which stipulates that:

In the interpretation of a provision of a written law, an interpretation that
would promote the purpose or object underlying the written law (whether that
purpose or object is expressly stated in the written law or not) shall be
preferred to an interpretation that would not promote that purpose or object.

Mr Thuraisingam then referred to _Dorsey James Michael v World Sport Group Pte
Ltd_ [2013] 3 SLR 354, in which the Court of Appeal confirmed at [18] that the
purposive approach mandated by s 9A(1) takes precedence over any other common
law principle of statutory interpretation, and argued that the “overarching
object” of the BA and BR is to give debtors “an opportunity to make a fresh
start in their financial matters while recognizing the rights of the
creditors.” However, he did not provide any support for that construction.

13 The Defendant, on the other hand, contended that Parliament’s intention was
to arrive at a proper balance between the interests of the debtor, the
creditor and society in bankruptcy proceedings. The Defendant referred to the
speech of Minister of Law Prof S Jayakumar at the Second Reading of the
Bankruptcy Bill (Bill 16 of 1994) in the lead up to the enactment of the BA
(_Singapore Parliamentary Debates_ , _Official Report_ (25 August 1994) vol 63
at col 399) where he said that the proposed act was intended to:

… improve administration of the affairs of bankrupts and protect creditors’
interests without stifling entrepreneurship. We will strike a balance between
the interest of the debtor, the creditor and society. There will be greater
accountability of bankrupts in the administration of their estates on the one
hand, and speedier discharge of bankrupts on the other.

14 More recently, Senior Minister of State for Law Assoc Prof Ho Peng Kee said
at the Second Reading of the Bankruptcy (Amendment) Bill 2008 (Bill 39 of
2008) (_Singapore Parliamentary Debates_ , _Official Report_ (19 January 2009)
vol 85 at col 1144) that:

In 1995, we enacted the present Bankruptcy Act to protect creditor interests
without stifling entrepreneurship and enterprise, and to improve the
administration of the affairs of bankrupts.

15 Such statements may be taken into consideration in the interpretation of
statutory provisions pursuant to ss 9A(3)(_c_) and (_d_) of the IA. The two
statements quoted, which are the clearest expressions of the intent and
purpose of the BA available, must be given due consideration.

16 It hardly needs saying that the correctness of a purported purposive
interpretation of a written law is only as good as the correctness of the
identification of the purpose or object of that law. While the bankrupts’
recovery of their financial status is one of the objects of the BA, it is not
the overarching object. The BA aims to balance and protect the interests of
debtors, bankrupts, creditors and society. A construction that enables the
debtor to rely on security which he has not provided, but has been provided by
another party, to lower his indebtedness does not promote a proper balance of
the interests of the debtor, the party which provided the security, and the
creditor. This is a major flaw in Mr Thuraisingam’s reading of the purpose and
object of the BA and BR.

17 The all-security construction proposed by Mr Thuraisingam runs into further
difficulty in the face of the judicial finding that it does not make sense
when examined against the provisions of the BA and BR (_Re Loh Lee Keow_ at
[33]) and that the debtor’s-security construction was the only possible
construction (_Sia Leng Yuen_ at [9]). There must be strong and compelling
reasons for a statutory rule to be given a construction which is at variance
with the provisions of its parent legislation, and there are no such reasons
here. Mr Thuraisingam’s argument ignores the clear logic behind the
debtor’s-security construction set out at [6] and [9] above.

18 Next, I addressed the complaint that Woo JC did not give proper
consideration to the fact that the construction he adopted was unfair in that
it put the Plaintiff in a less favourable position than TGL. In _Re Loh Lee
Keow_ at [35], Woo JC noted that while it may seem unfair, that was clearly
the intention of the legislation. Woo JC’s construction is consistent with the
Minister’s statement that the legislation was intended to strike a balance
between the interests of the debtor, the creditor, and society. Rules which
ensure that assets pledged to creditors to secure loans are reserved to reduce
the pledgors’ indebtedness, and not the indebtedness of other parties would
reflect such a balance. While a party in the Plaintiff’s position may consider
that to be unfair, it is really not unfair that a debtor is not permitted to
rely on security put up by another party. In any event, the legislature is
empowered to protect pledgors’ assets in that way, and Woo JC was right to
accept and uphold that. Consequently, I reject the Plaintiff’s two grounds for
setting aside the SD.

The application to extend time

19 Rule 97(1)(_a_) of the BR states that an application to set aside SD may be
made within 14 days from the date the SD is served. As the SD was served on
the Plaintiff on 15 October 2014, the application should have been made by 30
October 2014. That being the case, the Plaintiff was 70 days late when she
filed her application on 8 January 2015.

20 The Plaintiff deposed in her supporting affidavit to her application that:

10 The main reason why I had not applied to set aside the Statutory Demand
earlier was because my solicitors, M/s Eugene Thuraisingam, have been in
without prejudice negotiations with the Creditor’s solicitors, M/s
WongPartnership LLP, with a view of the Creditor forbearing to present a
bankruptcy petition against me.

11 Unfortunately, these negotiations broke down on 7 January 2014 and I have
immediately taken steps to set aside the Statutory Demand …

There were no other reasons offered for the delay.

21 The Plaintiff can apply for an extension of time to apply to set aside the
SD. Rule 97(3) provides that:

The court may, upon the application of the debtor, allow the debtor an
extension of time to make his application to set aside the statutory demand.

22 The BR do not provide any guidelines for the exercise of the court’s
discretion, and there is no reported decision on this provision. However, I
considered this question in _Rafat Ali Rizvi v Ing Bank Hong Kong Branch_
[2011] SGHC 114 and held at [32] that:

Rule 97(1)(a) provides that the application was to be filed within 14 days
from the service of the statutory demand. Rule 97(3) empowers a court to
extend the period the period. When an application is made for an extension of
time, a court would have to take into consideration:

(a) the period of the delay;

(b) the reasons for the delay;

(c) the grounds for setting aside the statutory demand; and

(d) the prejudice that may result from an extension of time;

but the weightage of each factor has to be determined on the facts.

23 I took the same approach here. A delay of 70 days was substantial as the
application should have been made within 14 days. The reason for the delay was
unsatisfactory because there was no agreement that there would be no need to
apply to set aside the SD while negotiations were on-going. The grounds for
setting aside the SD were, for the reasons given in the foregoing paragraphs,
unsound. While it appeared that little or no prejudice would result if time
were extended, I placed greater weight on factors (a), (b) and (c), and found
that the Plaintiff had not made out a case for time to be extended.

Conclusion

24 The Plaintiff’s applications were dismissed with costs fixed at $3000 plus
reasonable disbursements to be paid by the Plaintiff to the Defendant.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 15 Jun 2015 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

