Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Koh Lin Yee _v_ Terrestrial Pte Ltd and another appeal  
[2015] SGCA 6

Case Number| :| Civil Appeals Nos 98 and 157 of 2013  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 23 January 2015  
Tribunal/Court| :| Court of Appeal  
Coram| :|  Chao Hick Tin JA; Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA; Judith Prakash J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Govindarajalu Asokan (Gabriel Law Corporation) for the
appellants; Thio Ying Ying and Tan Yi Yin Amy (Kelvin Chia Partnership) for
the respondent.  
Parties| :|  Koh Lin Yee — Terrestrial Pte Ltd  
  
[**LawNet Editorial Note** : The decision from which this appeal arose is
reported at [2014] 1 SLR 985.]

23 January 2015|  
---|---  
  
Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA (delivering the grounds of decision of the court):

1 These were two appeals which arose from an application by the respondent,
Terrestrial Pte Ltd (“Terrestrial”), for summary judgment against the
appellants, Koh Lin Yee (“Koh”) and Allgo Marine Pte Ltd (“Allgo”)
(collectively, “the Appellants”). The application was granted by an assistant
registrar and was subsequently affirmed by the High Court Judge (“the Judge”)
in Registrar’s Appeal No 101 of 2013 (“RA 101/2013”). The grounds of decision
can be found at _Terrestrial Pte Ltd v Allgo Marine Pte Ltd and another_
[2014] 1 SLR 985 (“the GD”).

2 Before us, the Appellants mounted the same four arguments it had presented
before the Judge, and did so with equally little success: we dismissed the
appeals for much the same reasons as the Judge, and fixed the costs of the
appeals as well as two summonses at $28,000, including disbursements.

3 In disposing of the case below, however, the Judge made certain observations
on an important point of law, _viz_ , whether a contractual clause excluding a
right of set-off is capable of being subject to the requirement of
reasonableness in the Unfair Contract Terms Act (Cap 396, 1994 Rev Ed) (“the
UCTA”). It had been held in the earlier Singapore High Court decision of _Gao
Bin v OCBC Securities Pte Ltd_ [2009] 1 SLR(R) 500 (“ _Gao Bin_ ”) that such a
clause would fall _outside_ the ambit of the UCTA because it was not a clause
that excluded or restricted liability, and therefore could _not_ be subject to
the reasonableness test; the Judge _disagreed_ with _Gao Bin_ on this point
and thought that such a clause should in fact be subject to the UCTA. There
was thus a difference of opinion on this point of law. Therefore, although
this issue did not, strictly speaking, arise for decision before us as the
appeals could be and were dismissed for other reasons, we thought it
appropriate to not only amplify the reasons for our decision on the appeals
but also, for the sake of clarity, set out our views on the aforementioned
point of law.

Background

4 Koh is the sole director of, and owner of all but one share in, Allgo. By an
agreement dated 25 May 2009, Allgo agreed to sell to Terrestrial a flat top
barge for $1.2m. Terrestrial paid Allgo in full, but Allgo failed to deliver
the barge as it had, in turn, failed to pay its barge builder an outstanding
balance of $350,000. By an agreement dated 3 January 2011 (“the Loan
Agreement”), Terrestrial agreed to make two short term loans to Allgo of
$300,000 and $50,000 so as to enable Allgo to pay its builder the outstanding
sum. Koh also agreed unconditionally to guarantee Allgo’s obligations to repay
the two loans. Terrestrial later agreed to give a further loan of $56,000
(“the Additional Loan”) to Allgo in relation to another vessel purchased by
Terrestrial from Allgo. These three loans were all expressed to have become
due and payable by certain stipulated dates; and it was not disputed that
Allgo failed to repay any of these monies when they became due and payable. On
1 July 2011, Terrestrial served a letter of demand upon Allgo for the payment
of the monies due and payable pursuant to the Loan Agreement and the
Additional Loan. On 11 July 2011, Terrestrial served a letter of demand upon
Koh for payment pursuant to the guarantee given in the Loan Agreement. The
loans and the guarantee remained unpaid.

5 In its pleadings, Allgo accepted that the loans had become due and payable,
but were unpaid. In their case on appeal, counsel for the Appellants, Mr
Govindarajalu Asokan (“Mr Asokan”) even went so far as to characterise Allgo’s
failure to pay the $350,000 under the Loan Agreement as done “[w]rongfully and
in breach” of it. The Appellants’ defence, instead, was that it was
Terrestrial who had failed to pay monies owed under a separate contract with
Allgo for the sale and purchase of a tug (“the Tug Contract”), and that this
failure put the Appellants out of cash to repay the loans. The Appellants
claimed that Terrestrial could not be permitted to benefit from its own breach
of contract and that they were entitled to set off the monies due under the
Loan Agreement and the Additional Loan against the sum owed to them for the
Tug Contract.

6 The key obstacle to this argument, and which became the focus of the dispute
in the present appeals, was cl 12.2 of the Loan Agreement (“cl 12.2”) which
reads as follows:

All payments to be made by [Allgo or Koh] under the [Loan Agreement] shall be
made _without set-off, counterclaim_ or condition… [emphasis added]

7 Terrestrial subsequently took out Summons No 418 of 2013 for summary
judgment against the Appellants for the outstanding monies. The claim for the
monies due and payable under the Loan Agreement was against both the
Appellants jointly and severally, whilst the claim for the monies owing under
the Additional Loan was against Allgo. The assistant registrar granted summary
judgment on 18 March 2013, and the Appellants appealed to the Judge _vide_ RA
101/2013.

Decision below

8 The Judge was satisfied that Allgo had established a _prima facie_ case for
summary judgment as it was not disputed that the Appellants did not repay any
part of the monies disbursed under the Loan Agreement or the Additional Loan.
The Appellants thus had to establish a fair or reasonable probability that
they had a real or _bona fide_ defence, and this the Judge held they had
failed to do.

9 The Appellants first argued that there was a right of equitable set-off
arising from Allgo’s breach of the Tug Contract. The Judge was of the view
that the relevant clause, cl 12.2 (reproduced above at [6]), explicitly
excluded the right to raise a set-off or counterclaim through the words
“without set-off”; and those words were broad enough to encompass _both_ legal
_and_ equitable set-offs.

10 The Appellants’ second argument was that the defence of equitable set-off
operated in the present proceedings as a rule of equity and therefore
prevailed over any rule of the common law, pursuant to s 4(13) of the Civil
Law Act (Cap 43, 1999 Rev Ed). The section states as follows:

Generally in all matters not particularly mentioned in this section, in which
there is any conflict or variance between the rules of equity and the rules of
the common law with reference to the same matter, the rules of equity shall
prevail.

The Judge, however, found that there was no conflict between the rule of
equity and common law such that s 4(13) had to be invoked, and that Mr Asokan
had not in fact identified any such conflict. Section 4(13) also did not
prohibit the contractual exclusion of the defence of equitable set-off.

11 The Appellants’ third argument was that cl 12.2 was an unfair contract term
within the meaning of the UCTA. This is an English Act which applies in
Singapore (see below at [30]). The Judge found that the UCTA did not apply as
the Appellants had failed to fulfil the prerequisites stated in s 3(1) of the
UCTA of either “dealing as consumer” (see below at [19]) or contracting on
Allgo’s written standard terms of business. The Judge proceeded to observe
that even if the UCTA did apply, cl 12.2 was a reasonable one and therefore
did not fall foul of the UCTA.

12 Finally, the Appellants’ fourth argument was that Terrestrial had taken
advantage of its own wrong in relation to the Tug Contract. Mr Asokan argued
that the Appellant’s impecuniosity was caused by the failure of Terrestrial to
take delivery of a tug pursuant to the Tug Contract, and hence Terrestrial
could not rely on that wrong to pursue a claim under the Loan Agreement. The
Judge, however, found that the Tug Contract was a separate agreement, and the
principle which Mr Asokan had sought to rely upon applied only to obligations
under the same contract. Further, Allgo was not relying on the alleged breach
of the Tug Contract to escape its obligations under the Loan Agreement as well
as the Additional Loan. In his view, there was also “considerable doubt” (see
the GD at [25]) as to the validity and enforceability of the Tug Contract.
Also, as the Tug Contract was allegedly breached before the Loan Agreement was
signed, the Appellants would, in any event, have been cognisant of the breach
_before_ signing the Loan Agreement in its present form.

13 The Judge accordingly dismissed the appeal as he found that there had not
been a fair or reasonable probability of a real or _bona fide_ defence.

The Appellants’ arguments

The first, second and fourth arguments

14 The Appellants appealed against the Judge’s decision and, effectively, made
the same arguments they had mounted below again before us. For convenience, we
will therefore refer to these arguments as numbered in the same order in which
they were made before the Judge. From their submissions, we could only discern
that further arguments were being made in relation to the third argument
concerning the application of the UCTA. At the hearing, however, Mr Asokan
focused on the first argument: that the equitable set-off had not been
excluded by cl 12.2.

15 In respect of the first argument, we did not accept the Appellants’
position that there was a right of equitable set-off arising from Allgo’s
breach of the Tug Contract. In accordance with the principle of the freedom of
contract, it must be understood that parties can agree to contract out of the
right of set-off and, if they intend to do so, clear words must be used. The
defence of an equitable set-off can thus, equally, be contractually excluded.
Whether or not the words in the contract amount to an exclusion of the right
to set-off is thus a matter of interpretation, and much would turn on the
actual wording and construction of the relevant clause itself (see generally
Rory Derham, _Derham On The Law of Set-Off_ (Oxford University Press, 2010) (“
_The Law of Set-Off_ ”) at paras 5.95–5.96; _Gilbert Ash (Northern) Ltd v
Modern Engineering (Bristol) Ltd_ [1974] AC 689 at 717; _Coca-Cola Financial
Corp v Finsat International Ltd and others_ [1998] 1 QB 43 at 52; as well as
Elizabeth Macdonald, _Exemption Clauses and Unfair Terms_ (Tottel Publishing,
2nd ed, 2006) (“ _Exemption Clauses and Unfair Terms_ ”) at pp 77–79).

16 As explained in _The Law of Set-Off_ (at para 5.95), the general common law
principle is one based on commercial logic and common sense as well as on
giving effect to the agreement that the parties have signed; in the words of
the learned author:

It may be important for cash flow reasons that a party should receive payment
in full under a contract so that, if the other party has a cross-claim which
otherwise would give rise to an equitable set-off or a common law defence of
abatement, that other party should not be entitled to rely upon it as a
justification for tendering a reduced amount, but should be required to seek
his or her remedy in separate proceedings. …

17 Looking at the words of cl 12.2, we did not see how they could be
interpreted to refer only to legal set-offs and not equitable ones. In our
view, cl 12.2 excluded _all_ forms of set-off, with no distinction between the
two. Mr Asokan argued that for an equitable set-off to be expressly excluded
by the contract, the clause concerned had to state “without equitable set
off”. If this particular argument were correct, by parity of reasoning it
would mean that for a legal set-off to be excluded, the clause would have to
state “without legal set off” – an argument which we note Mr Asokan had not
attempted to make. On the contrary, Mr Asokan’s argument was, instead, based
on the assumption that the words “without set-off” in cl 12.2 meant “without
_legal_ set-off”. In our view, this was a pedantic as well as artificial
argument that was wholly without merit, not least because it completely
ignored the crystal clear language (“without set-off”) utilised by the parties
which evinced their equally crystal clear intention, as seen in the entire
context of the agreement itself, to exclude all manner of set-offs, both legal
and equitable. Indeed, Mr Asokan was _adding_ to the words “without set-off”
in cl 12.2 the word “legal” when the words “without set-off” were perfectly
clear in stating what the parties had intended.

18 In respect of the other two arguments (_viz_ , the second and fourth
arguments), we agreed entirely with the Judge’s reasons for rejecting them and
therefore need say no more about these two arguments.

The third argument

19 In respect of the _third_ argument, we set out for convenience the relevant
provisions of the UCTA, _viz_ , ss 3 and 12, which state, respectively, as
follows:

**Liability arising in contract**

**3.** —(1) This section applies as between contracting parties where one of
them deals as consumer or on the other’s written standard terms of business.

(2) As against that party, the other cannot by reference to any contract term
—

(_a_) when himself in breach of contract, exclude or restrict any liability of
his in respect of the breach; or

(_b_) claim to be entitled —

(i) to render a contractual performance substantially different from that
which was reasonably expected of him; or

(ii) in respect of the whole or any part of his contractual obligation, to
render no performance at all,

except in so far as (in any of the cases mentioned in this subsection) the
contract term satisfies the requirement of reasonableness.

…

**Dealing as consumer**

**12.**

—(1) A party to a contract “deals as consumer” in relation to another party if
—

(_a_) he neither makes the contract in the course of a business nor holds
himself out as doing so;

(_b_) the other party does make the contract in the course of a business; and

(_c_) in the case of a contract governed by the law of sale of goods or hire-
purchase, or by section 7, the goods passing under or in pursuance of the
contract are of a type ordinarily supplied for private use or consumption.

(2) But on a sale by auction or by competitive tender the buyer is not in any
circumstances to be regarded as dealing as consumer.

(3) Subject to this, it is for those claiming that a party does not deal as
consumer to show that he does not.

20 The Appellants’ third argument was that the Judge had erred in finding that
they had not led any evidence on the fact that the Appellants were dealing “as
consumer” _or_ on Terrestrial’s written standard terms as set out as legal
prerequisites in s 3 of the UCTA read with s 12(1) and had thus erred in
finding that the UCTA did not apply to cl 12.2. The Appellants submitted that
they had fulfilled the requirements of s 3(1) of the UCTA: they were dealing
“as consumer” as they were not represented at the time the Loan Agreement was
signed and Terrestrial was engaged in financing or lending money to them;
alternatively, the Loan Agreement contained standard terms of business.

21 For a party to be considered to be dealing “as consumer” within the meaning
of the Act, s 12(1) of the UCTA requires, _inter alia_ , (a) that a party
neither makes the contract in the course of a business nor holds himself out
as doing so, _and_ (b) the other party does make the contract in the course of
a business. These requirements are _cumulative_ – a point that is of crucial
importance in the context of the present appeals (as we shall see in the next
paragraph). In this regard, having considered the parties’ arguments as well
as the case law, we did _not_ accept that the Appellants were dealing with
Terrestrial “as consumer”.

22 Terrestrial on the other hand, argued that the Appellants, in obtaining a
loan to pay off its outstanding liabilities to its shipyard, had carried out a
transaction in the course of Allgo’s business. Terrestrial relied on the
construction of the phrase “in the course of business” in the leading English
Court of Appeal decision of _R & B Customs Brokers Co Ltd v United Dominions
Trust Ltd_ [1988] 1 WLR 321 (at 330–331) where Dillon LJ read the phrase to
mean that the transaction in question was a “clearly integral” part of the
company’s business, as opposed to being merely incidental to such business.
However, applying the case to the facts of the present case, we were of the
view that obtaining a loan would be, at its highest, _merely incidental_ to
Allgo’s carrying on of its business. In the words of Dillon LJ, a “degree of
regularity” is required before a particular transaction, here the obtaining of
a loan, could be considered a “clearly integral” part of the business. Whilst
Terrestrial relied on some e-mails which showed that Allgo intended to obtain
financing from banks, these were only expressions of intent and were _not_
evidence of the _regularity_ just mentioned. Thus, we were of the view that s
12(1)(_a_) was fulfilled. _However_ , in our view, the requirement in s
12(1)(_b_) was _not_ fulfilled as _Terrestrial_ did _not_ make the Loan
Agreement and Additional Loan in the course of a business either. It could
_not_ be said in the current circumstances that the Loan Agreement and
Additional Loan were _integral_ to Terrestrial’s business. Terrestrial was
_not_ in the business of making loans and there was no degree of regularity
that demonstrated that Terrestrial had made loans in the course of its actual
business of purchasing barges and boats. In truth, the loans constituted a
one-off transaction for _both_ parties. It was also incorrect to characterise
Terrestrial as a money lender, as argued by Mr Asokan, because it was clearly
_not_ in that business. It was clear, therefore, that the Appellants were
_not_ dealing with Terrestrial “as consumer”.

23 We note that the Appellants had stated that they were not represented when
the Loan Agreement was made. This was an assertion that was strongly objected
to by Terrestrial who referred us to some evidence that the Appellants might
have been represented by a solicitor from Haridass Ho and Partners. However,
even if the Appellants were in fact unrepresented, we did not think that the
Appellants were in any way prejudiced in respect of the insertion of cl 12.2
in the Loan Agreement. Clauses like cl 12.2 are commonly found in agreements
for loan facilities and, as an experienced businessman, Koh would have been
aware of the implications of cl 12.2 before he and his company agreed to the
terms of the Loan Agreement.

24 We note further that the Loan Agreement did not contain any standard terms
of business within the meaning of s 3(1) of the UCTA either (reproduced above
at [19]). Although the terms there can be commonly found in loan documents,
that did _not_ mean that the Loan Agreement was one drawn out on the
respondent’s written “standard terms of business”. In the English High Court
decision of _Hadley Design Associates Ltd v The Lord Mayor and Citizens of the
City of Westminster_ [2003] EWHC 1617 (TCC), this phrase was explained at [78]
to mean a set of terms in the written form existing prior to the making of the
agreement which was intended to be adopted more or less automatically in
respect of all transactions of a particular type without any significant
opportunity for negotiations. This was certainly not the case here. The Loan
Agreement was drawn up _specifically_ to deal with certain circumstances that
had arisen, _ie_ , Allgo was unable to pay for the flat top barge and
Terrestrial was willing to assist in the financing of it. This was clearly
reflected in the recitals to the Loan Agreement. The purpose of the loan was
also limited to Allgo paying the builder the outstanding sum. The Loan
Agreement and the Additional Loan had thus arisen out of the specific
circumstances of the Appellants negotiating with Terrestrial for a loan to be
given to them. Therefore, it could _not_ be said that the terms were part of
Terrestrial’s “standard terms of business”. Also, since Terrestrial was not in
the business of lending money or making loan agreements, we found it
questionable that cl 12.2 was characterised as a standard term of
Terrestrial’s business by the Appellants.

25 As such, the UCTA could not apply to the present circumstances as the
Appellants did not fulfil the threshold requirements. Furthermore, this was an
issue which did not need to be tried because the objective evidence and the
undisputed facts bore the case out. Therefore, we upheld the Judge’s decision
that s 3 of the UCTA did not apply in relation to the Appellants’ third
argument.

26 Before arriving at his decision, the Judge also made some observations in
relation to the legal status of clauses excluding a _set-off_ under the UCTA.
The Judge briefly analysed the English Court of Appeal decision of _Stewart
Gill Ltd v Horatio Myer & Co Ltd_ [1992] 1 QB 600 (“ _Stewart Gill_ ”) and its
application of ss 3 and 13 of the Unfair Contract Terms Act 1977 (c 50) (UK)
(“the UK UCTA”). The Judge then referred to the Singapore High Court decision
of _Gao Bin_ which had considered _Stewart Gill_ and its application of the
UCTA to its own facts. The Judge disagreed with the interpretation of _Stewart
Gill_ in _Gao Bin_ on the central question of whether the decision in _Stewart
Gill_ (to the effect that where the UCTA applied, a clause which excluded a
_set-off_ fell within the ambit of the UCTA and was therefore subject to the
reasonableness test therein) was still good law in Singapore. Put simply, the
Judge in the present case thought it was, whereas the court in _Gao Bin_ did
not. In light of the analysis proffered above, the resolution of this question
is not, strictly speaking, necessary in the present appeals as we have
disposed of them on the grounds stated above. However, as there are two
conflicting Singapore High Court decisions on this point, we think it would be
appropriate to set out our views as to which view is correct. Briefly, we are
of the view that _Stewart Gill_ is good law in Singapore. However, as we shall
see, the various questions involved are not easy by any means and this perhaps
explains the two diametrically opposed views adopted by the Judge in the court
below and by the court in _Gao Bin_. That having been said, we now elaborate
on why we accept _Stewart Gill_ as being good law in Singapore as well as the
legal consequences which flow as a result.

Excluding set-offs and the UCTA

The issue

27 The issue now under consideration is as follows: what is the legal status
of excluding a _set-off_ in a term of the contract? In particular, does such
an exclusion fall within the ambit of the UCTA and is the clause therefore
potentially subject to the reasonableness test contained therein?

28 Put simply, one view (which was, in the main, adopted in _Gao Bin_) is that
such a purported exclusion merely _defines the contractual obligation_ between
the parties and therefore falls _outside_ the ambit of the UCTA. Conversely,
the opposing view (adopted by the Judge in the court below) is that such a
purported exclusion restricts the rights and remedies of the party who would
otherwise have been entitled to rely on the set-off and therefore falls
_within_ the ambit of the UCTA. The latter view was that adopted by the
English Court of Appeal in _Stewart Gill_ and that is the decision to which
our attention must now turn. Before proceeding to do so, two important
preliminary points ought to be made.

29 First, we are _assuming_ that the clause concerned _clearly excludes_ the
right to a _set-off_ in the first place. Whether or not the clause indeed has
this effect to begin with turns on the _precise language of the clause itself_
(see above at [15], especially _The Law of Set-Off_ at paras 5.95–5.109).
Secondly, even if _Stewart Gill_ is good law in Singapore, we are also
assuming for the purposes of the present analysis that the UCTA has otherwise
been triggered; put simply, we are assuming that _all other prerequisites have
been met_. In the context of the present case, this entails an assumption
that, _per_ s 3, one of the contracting parties deals “as consumer” or on the
other’s written standard terms of business; and the analysis in the first part
of this judgment is a clear illustration of a situation where the necessary
prerequisites with respect to s 3 were _not_ satisfied. If, in fact, the
relevant provision of the UCTA has _not_ been proven to apply in the
circumstances, then as we shall see below, the no set-off clause would
ordinarily be upheld by the court in accordance with contractual principles.
Because of these two assumptions, for the avoidance of doubt, we will
henceforth refer to the _potential_ (as opposed to the actual) application of
the reasonableness test in the UCTA.

Stewart Gill

30 Before proceeding to consider the case proper, it might be appropriate to
set out the relevant provisions which were the focus in _Stewart Gill_ itself,
_viz_ , ss 3 and 13 of the UK UCTA. The provisions of the UK UCTA are _in pari
materia_ with the provisions of our UCTA as we adopted it (with the necessary
modifications) pursuant to our Application of English Law Act (Cap 7A, 1994
Rev Ed).

31 Section 3 of the UCTA has already been set out above (at [19]) and s 13 of
the UCTA reads as follows:

Varieties of exemption clause

13\. —(1) To the extent that this Part prevents the exclusion or restriction
of any liability it also prevents —

(_a_) making the liability or its enforcement subject to restrictive or
onerous conditions;

(_b_) excluding or restricting any right or remedy in respect of the
liability, or subjecting a person to any prejudice in consequence of his
pursuing any such right or remedy;

(_c_) excluding or restricting rules of evidence or procedure,

and (to that extent) sections 2 and 5 to 7 also prevent excluding or
restricting liability by reference to terms and notices which exclude or
restrict the relevant obligation or duty.

(2) But an agreement in writing to submit present or future differences to
arbitration is not to be treated under this Part as excluding or restricting
any liability.

32 In _Stewart Gill_ , the plaintiffs agreed to supply and install an overhead
conveyor system at the defendants’ premises. The plaintiffs sought summary
judgment against the defendants to recover the final 10% of the contract price
for the conveyor system. The defendants resisted the application on the basis
that it had a valid counterclaim for the plaintiffs’ alleged breaches of the
contract and that any restriction on its right of set-off imposed by cl 12.4
of the plaintiffs’ general conditions of sale, to which the contract was
subject, was rendered ineffective by the UK UCTA. Clause 12.4 of the
plaintiffs’ general conditions of sale stated as follows:

The customer shall not be entitled to withhold payment of any amount due to
the company under the contract by reason of any **__payment credit__**** _set
off_** counterclaim allegation of incorrect or defective goods **__or for any
other reason whatsoever which the customer may allege excuses him from
performing his obligations hereunder__**. [emphasis added in bold italics and
underlined bold italics]

33 The arguments by parties centred on the interpretation of the UK UCTA. The
English Court of Appeal decided that s 13 of the UK UCTA, _as an extension of
the scope of s 3_ , subjected cl 12.4 to the reasonableness test in that Act.
According to Lord Donaldson of Lymington MR, cl 12.4 excluded the defendants’
_“right”_ to set off their claims against the plaintiffs’ claim for the price
and further excluded the _“remedy”_ which they would otherwise have of being
able to enforce their claims against the plaintiffs by means of a set-off. In
his view, this fell squarely within s 13(1)(_b_) of the UK UCTA. Furthermore,
cl 12.4 also excluded or restricted the procedural rules as to set-off _per_ s
13(1)(_c_) of the UK UCTA (see _Stewart Gill_ at 606). According to Stuart-
Smith LJ in a concurring judgment, cl 12.4 prevented the defendants from
relying on the right of set-off and thus was an exemption clause for the
purposes of s 3 of the UK UCTA.

34 Lord Donaldson admitted that the extension that s 13 of the UK UCTA
effected with regard to (in _Stewart Gill_ itself) s 3 did not “leap out of
the print and hit one between the eyes”, but observed that a closer attention
to the phrasing of s 13 (in particular, “[t]o the extent that this Part
prevents the exclusion or restriction of any liability it also prevents”)
revealed that such an extension was indeed intended (see _Stewart Gill_ at
605–606).

35 This led to the second (and closely related) issue in _Stewart Gill_ :
given the fact that cl 12.4 fell within the ambit of the UK UCTA and, hence,
was subject to the reasonableness test in that Act, would the _whole_ of that
clause be subject to the reasonableness test _or_ could it be _severed_ for
the purposes of applying this test? The court unanimously held that the
_whole_ of cl 12.4 was subject to the reasonableness test and that that clause
could _not_ be severed when considering the reasonableness test. The court
then proceeded to find that the words “credit” and “payment” were _prima
facie_ unreasonable (see _Stewart Gill_ at 606 and 608), and that the clause
could potentially extend to a defence based on fraud (see _Stewart Gill_ at
608). As the plaintiffs had argued for the severance of the clause and had
failed to convince the court on that point, the court did not hear arguments
about the reasonableness of the exclusion of the right of set-off, and cl 12.4
was thus rendered ineffective.

36 To recapitulate, the court in _Stewart Gill_ held, first, that (where the
UK UCTA applies) a clause excluding the other party’s right to a _set-off_
would fall _within_ the ambit of the UK UCTA because of how ss 3 and 13 of
that Act were interpreted. _However_ , that clause would _not necessarily_ be
rendered unenforceable. It would be subject to the reasonableness test under
the UK UCTA. In _Stewart Gill_ however, the court held that the clause
concerned (_ie_ , cl 12.4) did _not_ meet the requirement of reasonableness
but this was, as we have seen, due to the fact that cl 12.4 did _not_ exclude
the defendants’ right to a set-off _only_ : cl 12.4 attempted to exclude
“payment” as well as “credit” and as these parts could not be severed the
court held that this rendered the _entire_ clause unreasonable and hence
unenforceable under the UK UCTA. Put another way, cl 12.4 might conceivably
have been held by the court to have been _reasonable if_ it had _only_
excluded the defendants’ right to a _set-off and no other right_. In a similar
vein, Mance J (as he then was) observed thus in the English High Court
decision of _Skipskredittforeningen v Emperor Navigation_ [1998] 1 Lloyd’s Rep
66 (“ _Skipskredittforeningen_ ”) (at 76):

In _Stewart Gill_ the clause contained express provisions which were so wide
and obviously unacceptable as to invite over-all rejection of the clause.

Reference may also be made, in this regard, to the English High Court decision
of _United Trust Bank Limited v Dalmit Singh Dohil_ [2011] EWHC 3302 (“
_United Trust Bank Limited_ ”) at [66] as well as the English High Court
decision of _F G Wilson (Engineering) Limited v John Holt & Company
(Liverpool) Limited_ [2012] EWHC 2477 (Comm) (“ _F G Wilson Engineering_ ”) at
[103] (reversed on appeal in _Caterpillar (NI) Ltd (formerly known as F G
Wilson (Engineering) Ltd) v John Holt & Co (Liverpool) Ltd_ [2013] 2 CLC 501
(“ _Caterpillar_ ”) without the court considering this particular point).

37 Admittedly, whether or not a clause is (or is not) reasonable under the
UCTA would depend not only on the various factors enunciated in the UCTA
itself as well as in the case law (which will be referred to below) but also
(and perhaps most importantly) on _the precise facts_ of the case itself.
However, what _is_ of the first importance in the context of the present
discussion is whether or not the _first_ holding in _Stewart Gill_ (hereafter
“the first holding”) ought to be adopted in Singapore – _ie_ , that _a clause
seeking to exclude a party’s right to a set-off falls within the ambit of the
UCTA and is therefore potentially_ (see above at [29]) _subject to the
reasonableness test under the same_. At this juncture, it would be apposite
first to turn to the subsequent treatment of _Stewart Gill_ in England. We
will then consider the persuasiveness (or otherwise) of _Stewart Gill_ based
on _general logic and principle_ , before explaining why (as already
indicated) _Stewart Gill_ is indeed good law in Singapore. We then turn to
consider whether, on the facts of the present appeal, the clause concerned
meets the requirement of reasonableness under the UCTA. _However_ , before
proceeding to do so, we should consider briefly the English Court of Appeal
decision of _Continental Illinois National Bank & Trust Company of Chicago v
Papanicolaou (The Fedora)_ [1986] 2 Lloyd’s Rep 441 (“ _The Fedora_ ”) – if
nothing else, because the court in _Gao Bin_ relied heavily upon it in
arriving at its decision to the effect that _Stewart Gill_ was _not_ to be
followed in the Singapore context.

A slight interlude – The Fedora

38 In _The Fedora_ , the bank sued the defendants as personal guarantors for
the indebtedness of the principal debtors under three loan agreements. It was
not disputed that the amounts claimed were properly due from the defendants
under their guarantees but the defendants contended that they had valid cross-
claims for damages in respect of the loans on the ground that the bank had
acted negligently in relation to one aspect of the loan agreements. In each
loan agreement, it had been provided that all payments by the borrower were to
be made “without set-off or counterclaim”, while the guarantee documents
provided that all amounts would be paid “full free of set-off or counterclaim”
or “without set-off or counterclaim” (at 443).

39 The court rejected the argument that the clauses should be treated in the
same way as exception or exclusion clauses and that they did not apply to
claims by way of set off or counterclaim based on negligence. A no set-off
clause _did not touch on liability at all_ and was unlike an exclusion clause
which purported to exclude liability altogether (at 444): “[t]he guarantors
can still prosecute their claims to judgment. They are, if the clauses are
effective, merely prevented from holding up payments admittedly due under the
guarantees whilst disputed cross-claims are litigated.” As was pertinently
observed with regard to _The Fedora_ , “[t]he debtor can still prosecute the
cross-claim to judgment, but in a separate action” (see _The Law of Set-Off_
at para 5.111). Therefore, a no set-off clause did not restrict or exclude the
liability in the claim that the other party was seeking to rely on to set-off
part of the present claim. The no set-off clause also did not restrict the
other party from bringing a separate claim. The set-off clause thus simply
defined the payment obligation in the contract.

40 The court in _The Fedora_ considered closely the commercial purpose of the
transaction which was that the bank would be paid quickly upon default by the
borrower and the natural meaning of the words was that all set-offs and
counterclaims were excluded (at 444). In effect, parties could agree to a no
set-off clause in the agreement, and in this case it was interpreted as also
covering no set-offs in relation to claims for damages for negligence.

41 At this juncture, a few important observations ought to be made. Although
_The Fedora_ had referred to – and rejected – the characterisation of a no
set-off clause as an exclusion clause, that was in the context of the
defendants’ reliance on the general principle of interpretation that an
exclusion clause should state clearly that which is sought to be excluded, and
their subsequent attempt to argue, by analogy, that a no set-off clause should
be construed with similar rigour. The key point is that the UK UCTA was _not
expressly mentioned and_ , a fortiori, _its applicability to the facts was
also not canvassed_. Hence, the mention of “exclusion clauses” in the judgment
in this particular decision _cannot_ be taken to be a clear reference to the
application and interpretation of the UK UCTA as such, and, in particular,
when a clause is one that excludes or restricts any right or remedy in respect
of a liability within the meaning of the UK UCTA. What _The Fedora_ did hold
is that parties can agree to include no set-off clauses in the contract that
cover specific circumstances; and whether or not the clauses have such an
effect is a matter of the construction and interpretation of the clause
concerned. If the parties have indeed agreed to such a no set-off clause, the
court is likely to give effect to the parties’ intention and therefore give
effect to it. Further, the no set-off clause defines the payment obligation
and _does not address_ the issue of the _liability_ of parties _in the cross-
claim_. Thus, the holdings in _The Fedora did not impact_ the issue which fell
squarely for decision in _Stewart Gill_ , _viz_ , whether a no set-off clause
could fall within the ambit of the UCTA and could therefore be subject to the
reasonableness test therein.

42 Further, _The Fedora_ was decided _before Stewart Gill_ and (perhaps more
importantly) _Stewart Gill_ did _not_ refer to _The Fedora_ in analysing
whether or not a no set-off clause did indeed fall within the ambit of the
UCTA. This is not surprising in view of what _The Fedora_ in fact decided (as
set out briefly in the preceding paragraphs). Put simply, these were two cases
dealing with _distinct_ areas of the law.

43 Indeed, there is _no reason_ in principle why _The Fedora_ and _Stewart
Gill_ should be viewed as being _in opposition_ to each other. Rather, _The
Fedora_ and _Stewart Gill_ can be harmoniously interpreted and applied. As
already mentioned above, _The Fedora_ endorses the possibility of contractual
inclusions of no set-off clauses, legal or equitable (see also, for example,
the Singapore High Court decision of _Empire International Holdings Ltd v Mok
Kwong Yue and another_ [2004] 4 SLR(R) 820 at [13] (in which _The Fedora_ is
cited to this effect)), whereas _Stewart Gill_ relates to the legal status of
such clauses in so far as the UCTA is concerned. As we shall see below (at
[48]), _The Fedora_ has, in fact, been applied in cases concerning the
reasonableness of no set-off clauses in the context of the UCTA, and there has
been no criticism of such an application of _The Fedora_ in the case law.

The subsequent treatment of Stewart Gill

In the textbooks

44 There has been _no discernible criticism_ of the first holding in _Stewart
Gill_ in the major textbooks. On the contrary, it has been cited as good law
(see, for example, _Exemption Clauses and Unfair Terms_ at p 102; Richard
Lawson, _Exclusion Clauses and Unfair Contract Terms_ (Sweet & Maxwell, 10th
ed, 2011) (“ _Lawson_ ”) at para 7.04; and _Chitty on Contracts_ (Sweet &
Maxwell, 31st ed, 2012) vol 1 at para 14-062).

In the English case law

45 Turning to the English case law, there has similarly not been any
discernible criticism of the first holding in _Stewart Gill_ either. On the
contrary, the cases generally tend to _accept_ the first holding in _Stewart
Gill without more_. In, for example, in the English Court of Appeal decision
of _Schenkers Ltd v Overland Shoes Ltd_ [1998] 1 Lloyd’s Rep 498 (“
_Schenkers_ ”), Pill LJ noted thus (at 506):

In _Stewart Gill Ltd._ , it was established, _and is not in dispute in this
case_ , that the effect of s. 13 of the 1977 Act, dealing with exemption
clauses, is to apply s. 3 of the Act inter alia to “no set-off” clauses.
[emphasis added]

46 And in the English Court of Appeal decision of _AXA Sun Life Services Plc v
Campbell Martin Ltd_ [2011] 2 Lloyd’s Rep 1 (“ _AXA Sun Life Services_ ”),
Stanley Burnton LJ observed (at [52]) thus:

In _Stewart Gill Ltd v Horatio Meyer & Co Ltd_ [1992] 1 QB 600 the Court of
Appeal held that a provision materially identical to [the clause under review]
was within the scope of section 3 of UCTA as _extended by section 13. That
decision is binding on us, even if I disagreed with it_ , **_which I do
not_**. The [clause under review] is valid only to the extent that it is
reasonable. [emphasis added in italics and bold italics]

47 _Stewart Gill_ has also been applied in other decisions (see, for example,
the English High Court decision of _Electricity Supply Nominees Ltd v IAF
Group Ltd_ [1993] 1 WLR 1059 at 1063; the English Court of Appeal decision of
_Fastframe Franchises Limited v Lohinski_ (Unreported, 3 March 1993,
transcript available on Lexis); _Skipskredittforeningen_ ; _United Trust Bank
Limited_ at [57]; the English Court of Appeal decision of _WRM Group Ltd v
Wood & Ors_ [1998] CLC 189 (“ _WRM_ ”) at 196; the English Court of Appeal
decision of _Röhlig (UK) Ltd v Rock Unique Ltd_ [2011] EWCA Civ 18 (“ _Röhlig_
”) at [10]; as well as _F G Wilson Engineering_ at [93] (reversed on appeal in
_Caterpillar_ but without considering this particular point); though _cf_ the
English Court of Appeal decision of _The Society of Lloyd’s v Leighs_ [1997]
CLC 1012 (“ _Society of Lloyd’s_ ”) at 1032 (which, however, was stated in
_Lawson_ (at para 7.04) as possibly turning on the “interpretation of the
clause rather than an attack on the notion that s.13 did not apply to set-off
clauses”)).

48 It is also significant, in our view, that _The Fedora_ has in fact been
cited together with _Stewart Gill_ , with no hint that they are inconsistent
with each other. In fact, these cases have considered the reasoning in _The
Fedora_ to help in determining the reasonableness of the no set-off clause
(see, for example, _Skipskredittforeningen_ ; _United Trust Bank Limited_ ;
and _WRM_). Indeed, as we have already noted above (at [41]–[43]), there is no
reason in principle why these cases are inconsistent with each other.

The consideration of Stewart Gill based on logic and principle

49 Whilst we acknowledge that a set-off (whether legal or equitable in nature)
is (in and of itself) a separate cause of action, a clause seeking to exclude
a set-off can, in principle, be viewed not only as defining the parties’
contractual obligations but _also_ as “excluding or restricting any right or
remedy in respect of the liability [the party claiming or relying on the set-
off is subject to]” within the meaning of s 13(1)(_b_) of the UCTA. We think
that this is clear on a _literal_ level. We note that, in _Stewart Gill_ , the
plaintiffs’ counsel submitted that the various paragraphs of s 13(1) of the UK
UCTA only applied to a situation where the clause concerned, by falling within
one or more of the said paragraphs, “ _indirectly_ achieved the exclusion or
restriction of liability which, _if achieved directly_ , would fall within the
scope of _other_ sections” (see _Stewart Gill_ at 605 [emphasis added]).
However, the court in _Stewart Gill_ rejected his argument and instead agreed
with the defendants that s 13 had a wider scope.

50 We acknowledge that the plaintiffs’ argument in _Stewart Gill_ is not
without force as it could also be argued that s 13(1) was intended to be a
“definition section” of sorts and therefore has no substantive effect in
itself and has instead to be read together with the previous substantive
provisions. However, if we have regard to the general policy of the UCTA which
tends, _ceteris paribus_ , against the enforcement of exception clauses, there
is no reason in principle why a clause excluding a set-off ought not to be at
least potentially (see above at [29]) subject to the reasonableness test under
the UCTA (reference may also be made to the approach adopted in the English
Court of Appeal decision of _Johnstone v Bloomsbury Health Authority_ [1992] 1
QB 333).

51 In this regard, the following observations by two joint authors, whilst
made in a slightly different context (of exclusion of liability for
negligence), might nevertheless also be usefully noted (see Lau Kwan Ho & Tan
Ben Mathias, “Basis Clauses and the Unfair Contract Terms Act 1977” (2014) 130
LQR 377 at 381 (which was a comment on a decision of this court whose
observations in relation to the application of the UCTA should also be noted
(see _Deutsche Bank AG v Chang Tse Wen and another appeal_ [2013] 4 SLR 886 at
[60]–[68]))):

It is however impossible to overlook the fact that UCTA is designed to be a
deliberate incursion into the freedom to contract. The intent appears to be to
capture any and all attempts at exoneration from liability for negligence,
even extending to clauses which would effectively prevent a duty of care from
arising in the first place. … [T]he core of the matter really is that UCTA
focuses on the ultimate _effect_ of a clause, and so s.13(1) as framed appears
to be simply unconcerned with whether the effective excision of a duty is
deliberate or circumstantial, or whether the clause itself is definitional or
exclusionary in nature. There is no sign in the _Second Report_ [on Exemption
Clauses] that **_s.13(1)_** was meant to be anything other than **_a broad
scythe wrought in iron_** – although in retrospect this might have been a
scythe that failed to appreciate the nuances of its potential targets.
[emphasis in italics in original; emphasis added in bold italics]

52 Thus, because such a clause does have the effect of attempting to exclude
or restrict any right of remedy in respect of that liability by way of a set-
off pursuant to s 13(1)(_b_) of the UCTA, it could potentially (see above at
[29]) be subject to the reasonableness test under the UCTA (as to which see
generally _The Law of Contract in Singapore_ (Academy Publishing, 2012) at
paras 07.134–07.146).

Reasonableness of a no set-off clause

53 Turning then to the factors relevant to determining the reasonableness of a
no set-off clause, such a clause is not one that is _ipso facto_ irrational,
let alone unreasonable. As the learned author of _The Law of Set-Off_ points
out at para 5.95, in a passage part of which we have already cited above at
[16] but which is here repeated for convenience and further emphasis:

It may be important _for cash flow reasons_ that a party should receive
payment in full under a contract so that, if the other party has a cross-claim
which otherwise would give rise to an equitable set-off or a common law
defence of abatement, that other party should not be entitled to rely upon it
as a justification for tendering a reduced amount, but should be required to
seek his or her remedy in separate proceedings. There is no ground of public
policy which would preclude parties from agreeing to exclude defences of
equitable set-off and abatement, including in relation to a cross-claim based
on fraud. [emphasis added]

It is thus apparent that the commercial sense of entering into a contract with
a no set-off clause is important in the consideration of the reasonableness of
the clause. Reference may also be made to _Schenkers_ (at 504, _per_ Deputy
High Court Judge Mr Geoffrey-Brice QC (at first instance)) and _Röhlig_ (at
[8]) which articulated similar reasoning. And, in _F G Wilson Engineering_
(reversed in _Caterpillar_ but without considering this particular point),
Popplewell J observed (at [99]), as follows:

(1) … [The defendant] was consistently one of [the plaintiff’s] top ten
customers between 2001 and 2010. This is a case in which it can fairly be said
that the cashflow to be derived from payment of the price of products
delivered to [the defendant]Liverpool _was a significant aspect of the
cashflow forming the life blood of [the plaintiff’s] business. It is
reasonable and legitimate for [the plaintiff] to seek to protect that
cashflow_ with a no set-off clause.

(2) The no set-off clause is not unusual. No set-off clauses _protecting a
supplier’s entitlement to the price of goods or services without deduction are
common in many commercial contexts_. …

(3) The no set-off clause is not particularly onerous in scope. _It is
confined in its application to the payment of the price for the goods and
services supplied; as such it seeks to protect [the plaintiff’s] cash-flow._
By reason of the extended credit terms agreed between the parties, it would
not bite until many months after delivery of the goods, and after the point at
which[the defendant] had had the opportunity to be paid by [the defendant’s
subsidiary] (and in at least some if not all cases, [the defendant’s
subsidiary] to be paid by its customers). I do not see anything essentially
unfair or unreasonable in a seller in these circumstances requiring the buyer
to pay in full, leaving any disputed cross claim to be resolved by subsequent
negotiation or determination rather than being used as a ground to withhold
payment of the undisputed price of goods which the buyer has received many
months previously.

[emphasis added]

54 In relation to _the relevant factors_ which could guide the court concerned
in deciding whether the clause in question meets the requirement of
reasonableness under the UCTA, regard may also be had by the court to Schedule
2 of the UCTA (“Schedule 2”). Although the guidelines for the application of
the reasonableness test in Schedule 2 apply, strictly speaking, only to
contracts covered by ss 6 and 7 of the UCTA, the case law has (correctly, in
our view) adopted a commonsensical approach by holding that these guidelines
can also be taken into account _generally_ in applying the reasonableness test
under the UCTA (see, for example, _Stewart Gill_ at 608; _Schenkers_ at 505;
and _United Trust Bank Limited_ at [61]).

55 In so far as the factor relating to the strength of the bargaining position
of the parties is concerned, whether or not the party impugning the exception
clause concerned is experienced in commercial matters is a significant factor
which the courts will take into account. Put simply, a party who is
experienced in commercial matters is not likely to have been at a significant
disadvantage in so far as the relative bargaining positions of the respective
parties are concerned (see, for example, _United Trust Bank Limited_ at [62]).

56 In a similar vein, in _AXA Sun Life Services_ , an important factor which
led to the court finding that the clause concerned was reasonable was the fact
that “the agreements were made between commercial organisations and in a
commercial context” (see _AXA Sun Life Services_ at [59]). Similarly, in
_Schenkers_ , the finding that the clause was in common use and well known in
the freight trade following “comprehensive discussions between reputable and
representative bodies mindful of the considerations involved” and that it
reflected a general view as to what was reasonable in the trade concerned
tilted the balance in favour of the reasonableness of the clause (see
_Schenkers_ at 507).

57 Separately, in _Skipskredittforeningen_ , it was noted (at 76) that the
party who was arguing that the clause concerned was unreasonable had the
opportunity to seek to negotiate its deletion or amendment, but had suggested
neither. Also, the presence or absence of legal advice is another
consideration which the courts will take into account (see, for example,
_United Trust Bank Limited_ at [64]). Naturally, all the factors that present
themselves in the case will be considered in the whole by the courts and the
aforementioned factors are obviously not exhaustive; neither is it the case
that the mere presence of any one or several of these factors would
_necessarily_ be decisive.

58 We pause here to note that, assuming a clause excluding a set-off is found
to be reasonable by the court concerned, it does _not_ follow that the
defendant seeking to resist the application of the clause (here, the
Appellants) is without remedy. On the contrary, the defendant can _still
enforce_ his right to a set-off, _albeit in an independent cause of action_.
Reference may also be made to the admission to this effect by the defendants
in _Stewart Gill_ itself (at 604).

Our views on the applicability of Stewart Gill in Singapore

59 We have already stated that we are of the view that _Stewart Gill_ is good
law in Singapore in so far as it holds that a clause which excludes a set-off
falls within the ambit of the UCTA and is therefore potentially (see above at
[29]) subject to the reasonableness test therein. However, we have also noted
that there are conflicting High Court decisions in the Singapore context, with
the Judge in the present case endorsing the aforesaid principle in _Stewart
Gill_ , whilst the court in _Gao Bin_ was of a different view. In this regard,
it might be apposite if we consider the reasoning in _Gao Bin_ and demonstrate
why, with respect, it ought _not_ to be followed.

The decision in Gao Bin

60 In _Gao Bin_ , the plaintiff, the chairman of a listed company, claimed
that the defendant, a brokerage company, had breached its contract and was
negligent in the handling of the plaintiff’s securities accounts. The
defendant counterclaimed for outstanding amounts due on the accounts. The
defendant applied for summary judgment for the amounts and the plaintiff
argued that he had, _inter alia_ , a right of equitable set-off against the
defendant. The plaintiff relied on _Stewart Gill_ and argued that the no set-
off clause in the defendant’s standard terms and conditions was unenforceable.
The court held that the UCTA did not apply and distinguished _Stewart Gill_.
The court stated (at [13]):

I do not think that the UCTA could apply to [the no set-off clause]. A key
prerequisite under the UCTA is that a contractual term must be one which
“exclude[s] or restrict[s] any liability”. In _Stewart Gill_ , the clause in
question had two additional items, namely, “payment” and “credit”. Lord
Donaldson of Lymington MR thought that “payment” would mean overpayment under
another contract and “credit” meant “credit note” or an admitted liability
under another contract. As for _Esso Petroleum_ , the clause in question had
the additional item “unpaid debts”, which is essentially a crystallised
liability. Thus, it might be possible to construe “any liability” under the
UCTA to include a crystallised or admitted liability under another contract or
transaction. This is however not the case here, as the purported liability was
disputed and related to a liquidated claim.

61 The court then proceeded to find that the no set-off clause did not exclude
or restrict liability and instead applied the principles iterated in _The
Fedora_. Summary judgment was thus granted against the plaintiff.

62 The Judge found that the reasoning in _Gao Bin_ at [13] (quoted above) was
unsatisfactory and disagreed with it. In this regard, the Judge observed as
follows (see the GD at [21]):

With due respect to the learned judge, I find myself unable to agree with the
suggestion. In my view, such a construction put on the word “liability” an
unwarranted qualification that it be “crystallised” or “admitted”. Lord
Donaldson MR in _Stewart Gill_ considered the words “payment” and “credit”
when determining the _reasonableness_ of the clause in question (see [19]
above) and not in the context of deciding whether the UK UCTA was applicable.
Therefore, in deciding whether the UCTA applied to [the no set-off clause], I
did not think it entirely apropos to draw a distinction between admitted and
disputed liabilities based on Lord Donaldson’s reasoning in connection with
the words “payment” or “credit”. It was also unnecessary in my view to
restrict the phrase “any liability” in s 3 of the UCTA to a “ _crystallised or
admitted_ liability”. [emphasis in original]

63 In our view, the court in _Gao Bin_ had not, with respect, considered that
part of the reasoning in _Stewart Gill_ to the effect that s 13 of the UCTA
extended the exclusion or restriction of any liability to no set-off clauses
in the appropriate circumstances. If it had, it would not have needed to have
focused on the interpretation of “any liability” in s 3 of the UCTA and then
distinguished the facts on the basis that it was an issue of disputed
liability and related to a liquidated claim. Notably, the issue of disputed
liability arising in relation to a claim for set-off is not a new issue. For
example, in _WRM_ , although there was a dispute that misrepresentations had
been made, this did not prevent the court in that case from deciding that the
reasoning in _Stewart Gill_ was applicable to the case and that a no set-off
clause would be caught under s 13 of the UCTA. In _Stewart Gill_ itself, the
defence to the claim was based upon alleged breaches of the contract by the
plaintiffs and therefore liability in the cross-claim was not yet proven.
This, however, was not a point that that court focused on. Likewise, that the
purported liability related to a liquidated claim does not seem to be a factor
in an analysis of the applicability of s 13 of the UCTA.

A summary

64 To summarise our foregoing analysis: our view is that based on the case law
that has developed from both _Stewart Gill_ and _The Fedora and_ in relation
to a case where a no set-off clause is found in a contract where s 3 of the
UCTA applies, s 13 of the UCTA _extends_ s 3 inasmuch as the no set-off clause
in the contract excludes or restricts any right or remedy in respect of the
liability and/or excludes or restricts the procedural rules as to set-off.
Following _Stewart Gill_ , the clause would be subject to the reasonableness
test under the UCTA.

65 As an aside, although the issue of whether an unreasonable part of an
offending clause may be severed so that the whole of it is not rendered
ineffective (see _Stewart Gill_ at 607–609) has engendered greater and more
significant academic debate, this was _not_ a point that was submitted upon by
the parties, and was _not_ a point that the Appellants had relied on for their
case; hence we say no more about it (see, for example, Edwin Peel, _Treitel:
The Law of Contract_ (Sweet & Maxwell, 13th ed, 2011) at para 7-076; Ian Brown
and Adrian Chandler, “Unreasonableness and the Unfair Contract Terms Act”
(1993) 109 LQR 41 at p 44; Lee Beng Tat, “Where an Exclusion Clause in
Unreasonable Only in Part” [1992] SJLS 557; and Edwin Peel, “Making More Use
of the Unfair Contracts Terms Act 1977” (1993) 56 Mod L Rev 98 at pp 100–102).

66 It should also be noted that in the examination of the reasonableness of
the clause, the courts should not be too ready to focus on remote
possibilities or to accept arguments that a clause fails the test by reference
to relatively uncommon or unlikely situations (see _Skipskredittforeningen_ at
76).

67 Further, the decision in _The Fedora_ is relevant to the assessment of the
reasonableness of the clause inasmuch as due regard must be given to the fact
that a no set-off clause, whilst fully within the ambit of s 13 of the UCTA,
does _not_ restrict or exclude liability in so far as _the cross-claim_ is
concerned, which can thus continue as _an independent cause of action_ by the
party. _The Fedora_ also stands for the proposition that there are legitimate
commercial expectations of the claiming party being paid in full without the
need to litigate a cross-claim (see above at [40]). These would be factors
that the court would also take into account in applying the reasonableness
test under the UCTA alongside a consideration of the other factors listed
above at [53]–[57]. The Second Schedule of the UCTA would also provide further
helpful guidance in applying the reasonableness test.

Whether the clause in the present appeal was reasonable

68 As stated earlier, we were of the view that the Appellants did not meet the
threshold requirement that s 3 of the UCTA was applicable. Strictly speaking,
therefore, there was no need for us to go on to consider the reasonableness of
cl 12.2. However, for the sake of argument, _assuming_ that the Appellants did
fulfil the criteria in s 3 of the UCTA, and did prove that cl 12.2 was a no
set-off clause, that clause would be caught by s 13 and be considered an
exemption clause, and would have to be proven to be reasonable in the
circumstances, per _Stewart Gill_.

69 In this regard, we would adopt Mance J’s description of the similarly
worded clause in _Skipskredittforeningen_ and find that cl 12.2 was a familiar
type of provision and would have been eminently understandable in the context
of a loan facility. As mentioned earlier, cl 12.2 would have been found in a
typical loan agreement if the Appellants had decided to borrow from a bank. As
this court had informed the Appellants at the hearing, cl 12.2 _did not close
the doors_ on the Appellants bringing a claim against Terrestrial for the
alleged breaches under the Tug Contract or other contracts: the clause did not
operate to exclude or limit liability of Terrestrial in relation to any other
contracts that the parties might have entered into and Terrestrial did not
contest this. As Terrestrial also pointed out, it had been kept out from the
monies for some three years since the same became due and cl 12.2 was meant to
prevent such an issue from arising.

70 Further, we did not find that this was a case where the bargaining
positions of the parties were so unequally balanced. Of note is the fact that
the Appellants had approached Allgo for the loan and the terms of the
agreement were drafted specifically for the circumstances. Moreover, the
Appellants knew or ought reasonably to have known of the existence and extent
of the clause given that it was a clause commonly used in loan agreements.

71 In the hearing before us, Mr Asokan raised the additional argument that
because the Appellants were not legally represented when the Loan Agreement
was entered into, they did not have the benefit of legal advice to take into
account the fact that Terrestrial had allegedly breached the Tug Contract.
Apart from the fact that the breach of the Tug Contract was disputed by
Terrestrial, there were a few difficulties in accepting Mr Asokan’s argument.
First, the Tug Contract was formed sometime in October 2009 and was
subsequently (and allegedly) breached although, we do note, the date of breach
was not stated by Mr Asokan. Even so, there would have been a significant span
of time before the Loan Agreement was signed in which the Appellants could
have claimed damages for Terrestrial’s breach but did not do so. Secondly, and
curiously, the Appellants proceeded to borrow money from Terrestrial with cl
12.2 in place with full knowledge that there was allegedly a breach of the Tug
Contract, and did not think (for instance) to protect their rights to assert a
set-off. We were thus not convinced by his argument.

72 In conclusion, _even if_ cl 12.2 was subject to the UCTA, we did not find
it unfair or unreasonable for Terrestrial to rely on it to claim the
outstanding sums that were due and owing.

Stay of execution

73 Finally, Mr Asokan asked this court to grant a stay of execution on the
judgment while the counter-claim was litigated. We decided not to exercise our
discretion to grant the stay as we did not think that that it was an
appropriate order to make in the circumstances. In _The Fedora_ , the court
held (at 445) that the purpose of having a no set-off clause was so that
immediate payment could be obtained while proceedings for alleged
counterclaims were litigated:

… It would defeat the whole commercial purpose of the transaction, would be
out of touch with business realities and would keep the bank waiting for a
payment, which both the borrowers and the guarantors intended that it should
have, whilst protracted proceedings on the alleged counterclaims were
litigated. …

74 Effectively, allowing for a stay of execution would defeat the purpose of
the no set-off clause to a significant extent as it would still keep the
creditor waiting for a payment that should have been made without dispute (see
_The Law of Set-Off_ at para 5.110). On this point, _The Fedora_ has also been
applied in subsequent cases. In _Society of Lloyd’s_ , the court noted (at
1036) that the insulation of the set-off and counterclaim was intended to
achieve the speedy discharge of the indebtedness, which intention would be
avoided and the whole function of the clause subverted by a stay of execution
– a point which applies equally in the context of the present appeals. We also
note that, although the Appellants insisted on the legitimate counterclaim
based on the Tug Contract as well as other contracts which Terrestrial had
allegedly breached, the Appellants did not institute proceedings which would
have begun sometime before Terrestrial could have even commenced their action
for the late payment of the sums lent. We were therefore of the view that
Terrestrial had been kept out of the monies for a significant amount of time
and it would have been unfair to keep them out of it any longer than it was
necessary given that cl 12.2 was operative.

Conclusion

75 Based on the foregoing reasons, we dismissed the appeals. At the end of the
hearing, we were inclined to fixed costs for the hearing. Counsel brought our
attention to two other summonses relating to the stay of execution of the
judgment below, _ie_ , Summons No 404 of 2014 and Summons No 4545 of 2013.
After hearing arguments from both parties, we fixed the costs of the summonses
and the appeals at $28,000 including disbursements.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 23 Jan 2015 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

