Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Law Kin Ying (administratrix of the estate of Lo Hon Man, deceased) and
others _v_ Lim Hong Hock  
[2015] SGHCR 14

Case Number| :| Suit No 513 of 2009 (Registrar's Appeal No 1 of 2011)  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 10 July 2015  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  AR James Elisha Lee  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Teo Weng Kie, Charlene Chee and Shahira Anuar (Tan Kok
Quan Partnership) for the plaintiffs; Anthony Wee and Pak Waltan (United Legal
Alliance LLC) for the defendant  
Parties| :|  Law Kin Ying (administratrix of the estate of Lo Hon Man,
deceased) and others — Lim Hong Hock  
  
10 July 2015| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
AR James Elisha Lee:

Introduction

1 This is a personal injuries and dependency claim arising from a road traffic
accident which had occurred on 3 January 2008. The suit against the Defendant
was commenced on 12 June 2009. Parties proceeded for trial from 15 to 19 March
2010 on the issue of liability. The Defendant subsequently agreed to bear
substantial liability and interlocutory judgement was entered by consent on 19
April 2010 in the Plaintiffs’ favour at 95%. The Notice of Appointment for
Assessment of Damages was filed on 7 January 2014. For the present hearing,
the Plaintiffs called a total of 4 factual witnesses, including the 2nd
Plaintiff (“Mdm Law”) and the 3rd Plaintiff (“Michael”) and 3 expert
witnesses, while the Defendant called 1 factual witness and 1 expert witness.
The hearing took place over a period of 22 days.

Background facts

2 On 3 January 2008, at about 10.15pm, Mdm Law was driving the Deceased’s car,
with Michael as front passenger, along the PIE towards the direction of Tuas.
An engine problem developed and Mdm Law stopped the car along the road
shoulder somewhere after the Eng Neo exit. Mdm Law then contacted the deceased
to inform him of the problem. The deceased arrived at the scene shortly
thereafter in a taxi. The taxi had stopped in front of the deceased’s car. As
the deceased was walking towards the front of his car, a prime mover driven by
the Defendant collided onto the rear of the car at high speed. The impact
caused the car to surge forward and hit the deceased, resulting in him being
flung towards a nearby tree and hitting his head against the railings. The
incident was witnessed by Mdm Law and Michael who were standing along the side
of the road near the railings at the material time. The deceased was sent to
the hospital at around 11pm. He succumbed to his injuries and passed away on 4
January 2008 at 12.08pm.

3 The deceased was 47 years of age at the time of the accident. He left behind
a wife, Mdm Law, and 3 children, Michael, Lo Yuk Ting Sally (“Sally”), and Lo
Yuck Ching Tracy (“Tracy”). The family had migrated to Singapore from Hong
Kong in the year 2003 and subsequently became permanent residents. Michael had
performed National Service as well.

4 The deceased was born in Guangdong China to a family of rice and vegetable
farmers. He was the fourth of 6 children and grew up in a small house in a
rural village. He moved to Hong Kong subsequently and met Mdm Law in 1984.
They got married in 1989. Mdm Law stopped work after the birth of Michael and
became fully dependent on the deceased for financial support.

5 The deceased was a self-made man. He started off as a clothes hawker in the
clothing retail line before moving on to the business of trading in cooking
oil where he made his fortune. He started the cooking oil trading business
sometime after his marriage where he formed the company Ko Sing Trading Pte
Ltd with a friend. In or around 1990, the deceased started his own company
Wing Hing Trading Ltd (“WHTL”), also in the cooking oil trading business.
About 2 years later, he formed another company, Wing Hing Trading development
Ltd (“WHTDL”) with his 2 younger brothers. WHTDL flourished and by 1996/1997
was reportedly able to generate a turnover of HK$1 billion and millions of
dollars in profit. In or around 1997, WHTDL diversified its business into
property. The diversification did not yield immediate result and the deceased
and his brothers quarrelled. WHTDL was eventually wound up in late 2000. The
deceased decided to come to Singapore to explore opportunities in 2002. The
family joined him subsequently in 2003.

6 The various heads of claim which the Plaintiffs now seek to recover against
the Defendant are as follows:

**Claims by the Estate of the Deceased**  
---  
Pain and suffering of the Deceased |  $2,000  
Estate duty paid to IRAS |  $116,281.50  
Force-sale of shares |  $442, 667.87 / $98,408.69  
Bank charges / penalty |  $5,650  
**Dependency**  
Mdm Law |  Pre-trial |  $851,866.40  
Post-trial  (the Deceased’s working years) |  $1,044,463.35  
Post-trial  (the Deceased’s retirement years) |  $176,400.00  
Michael |  $250,350.60  
Sally |  $633,475.65 / $457,675.65  
Tracy |  $458,829.10  
**Personal claims** |   
Mdm Law |  PTSD & Depression |  $40,000  
Future medical expenses |  $39,000  
Future transport expenses |  $2,340  
Michael |  PTSD & Depression |  $25,000  
|  Future medical expenses |  $6,000  
Future transport expenses |  $390  
  
  

7 The following claims have been agreed by parties:

**Claims by the Estate of the Deceased**  
---  
Hospitalization expenses |  $2,827.28  
Funeral expenses |  $21,935.80  
Legal costs of obtaining letters of administration in Singapore |  $22, 061.31  
Ancillary oath fees |  $390.00  
Survey fees for inspecting vehicle |  $200.00  
Damaged golf bag and clubs |  $2,000.00  
Bereavement |  $10,000.00  
Notice of death |  $421.40  
Costs of obtaining probate in Hong Kong |  $7,806.78  
Excess for damage to vehicle  |  $2,500.00  
**Special damages**  
Mdm Law |  Pre-trial medical expenses |  $19,353.37   
Pre-trial  transport expenses |  $1,477.50  
Michael |  Pre-trial medical expenses |  $7,069.30.60  
Pre-trial  transport expenses |  $390.00  
  
  

8 As the major head of claim is dependency, I will proceed to deal with that
claim first before dealing with the other claims.

Dependency

9 The legal basis for a dependency claim is found in sections 20(1) and (2) of
the Civil Law Act (Cap 43):

**Right of action for wrongful act causing death**

**20.** (1) If death is caused by any wrongful act, neglect or default which
is such as would (if death has not ensued) have entitled the person injured to
maintain an action and recover damages in respect thereof, the person who
would have been liable if death had not ensued shall be liable to an action
for damages, notwithstanding the death of the person injured.

(2) Subject to section 21(2), every such action shall be for the benefit of
the dependants of the person (referred to in this section and in sections 21
and 22 as the deceased) whose death has been so caused.

10 The definition of a “dependant” is set out in section 20(8), and includes
the wife and any children. Under sections 22(1) and (1A), it is provided:

**Assessment of damages**

**22.** (1) In every action brought under section 20, the court may award such
damages as are proportioned to the losses resulting from the death to the
dependants respectively….

(1A) In assessing the damages under subsection (1), the court shall take into
account any moneys or other benefits which the deceased would be likely to
have given to the dependants by way of maintenance, gift, bequest or devise or
which the dependants would likely to have received by way of succession from
the deceased had the deceased lived beyond the date of the wrongful death.

11 The objective of calculating loss of dependency is to make an assessment of
the value of the reasonable expectation of pecuniary benefit from the
continuance of the life : _Gul Chandiram Mahtani v Chain Singh_ [1999] 1
SLR(R) 154 at [17]. This is done by way of the multiplier-multiplicand
approach. The multiplicand may be determined using either of 2 methods: (a) by
adding the value of the benefits received by the dependants from the deceased
(“traditional method”); or (b) by deducting a percentage from the deceased’s
income which forms the deceased’s personal expenditure (“the percentage
deduction method”). The balance is then assumed to be for the benefit of the
dependants : _Hanson Ingrid Christina and others v Tan Puey Tze and another
appeal_ [2008] 1 SLR(R) 409 at [26].

Method 1 - Traditional Method

12 The Plaintiffs’ expert Mr Sharma stated in his report that he had adopted
the traditional method in determining the multiplicand as the deceased was not
a salaried employee and that his income was derived mainly from the rental
proceeds and capital appreciation of his properties. He has done so by summing
up the expenses of the entire family (the deceased being the sole breadwinner)
and deducting a portion (20%) which would have been attributable to the
deceased. This is followed by a calculation of the specific loss suffered by
each dependant as a result of the deceased’s demise. Mr Sharma did not
consider the deceased’s income as he was instructed that the supporting
documents relating to the deceased’s income were incomplete.

13 In _Hanson Ingrid’s_ case, Justice Prakash had held that in assessing
dependency the court will need to first ascertain the losses, and then
consider whether the deceased would have been able to meet those expenses. She
said at [27],

The manner in which a court assesses dependency under the traditional method
is similar to how the Family Court assesses maintenance. In both cases, the
court will take into account the claimant’s needs and _consider whether the
deceased or respondent is able to meet those needs_. The maintenance sum is
thus a good starting point in assessing dependency and saves the court dealing
with the dependency claim valuable time by negating the need for a thorough
examination of each head of claim.

[emphasis]

14 She further held at [40],

In assessing dependency, there is no need to show that the dependant was
receiving pecuniary benefit at the time of the death; a purely prospective
loss is sufficient: _McGregor on Damages_ ([30]_supra_) at para 36-029. A mere
speculative possibility of receipt is, however, insufficient: _Franklin v The
South Eastern Railway Company_ (1858) 3 H & N 211 at 214. The task for the
court is thus to sort out the genuine pecuniary losses from the speculative
losses and then _to determine whether the deceased would have been able to
meet those expenses_.

[emphasis]

15 This has been affirmed and applied in the recent case of _Rockwills Trustee
Pte ltd v Wong Meng Hang_ [2015] SGHC 138 where Justice Choo held at [17]:

In assessing the dependency claim of Ms Quek and the children, I have found
that the composite maintenance order of $9,000 constitutes a good starting
point to work from. This is because the manner in which a court assesses
dependency under the traditional method is similar to how the court assesses
maintenance in matrimonial proceedings – in both cases, taking into account
the claimant’s needs and whether the deceased was able to meet those needs
(Hanson Ingird Christina and others v Tan Puey Tze and another appeal [2008] 1
SLR(R) 409 (“Hanson”) at [27]). I then consider whether the pecuniary support
which the dependent would have received from the deceased, but for his death,
exceeds the composite maintenance order.

16 Mr Sharma’s approach of assessing the dependency claims based on expenses
alone raises the issue of whether sufficient consideration has been given to
the question of whether the deceased would have been able to meet those
expenses. This is significant as on the evidence, since dissolving WHTDL and
coming to Singapore in 2002, the deceased’s income appears to have been
confined to rental from the properties he owned in Hong Kong. According to Mr
Sharma, from calculations based on documentary records available, the family’s
known expenses had exceeded the deceased’s estimated income in 2008. He then
postulated that the deceased could have funded his expenditure in the short
term by using his personal savings and investment in shares in addition to his
rental income. Given the incomplete picture on the deceased’s income since
coming to Singapore in 2002, it is difficult to draw any conclusions whether
the deceased would have been able to continue to meet the family’s expenses
had he lived.

17 The Plaintiffs have argued that the deceased had a track record of being
able to generate substantial income. He was a poor farmer’s son who had
managed to grow an asset base of zero to nearly S$7 million by the age of 47
(when he died). He had started and run 2 highly successful companies WHTL and
WHTDL in Hong Kong. His foray into shares and property investment had also
been largely successful. There would, as such, be no reason to suppose that he
would not be able to generate income beyond rental and shares investment had
he lived.

18 The argument would, however, have to be juxtaposed against the evidence
that since coming to Singapore in 2002 till the time of demise, a period of
nearly 6 years, the deceased has not, or has not managed to start any business
or generate any other form of income besides rental from his Hong Kong
properties. Aside from shares and property investment, the deceased’s success
had come mainly from the cooking oil trading business in Hong Kong. There is
no evidence adduced on the prospect of him replicating that success or even
business model here in Singapore. It would be speculative, as such, to assume
that because of his track record of success in Hong Kong, he would be able to
generate income beyond income from his existing assets which would be
sufficient to meet the family’s expenses.

19 It is probable in this case that the deceased would have no difficulty
meeting the dependants’ expenses based on income generated from his existing
assets, be it rental, dividends or capital appreciation. These assets and the
corresponding income generated would, however, have been inherited by the
dependants. There is as such an issue whether they had suffered any loss.

20 In _Hanson Ingrid’s_ case, Justice Prakash held at [30] to [32] that:

30 Alexander and Elliot are the sole beneficiaries of Sandy Eu’s will. The
defendant has therefore raised the issue as to whether the court can take into
account income derived from assets and capital (besides earned income) when
assessing dependency. In this respect, the defendant relies on the following
passage in _McGregor on Damages_ (Sweet & Maxwell, 17th Ed, 2003), which
states at para 36-112:

[Where] the deceased’s sole property consist of unearned income out of which
he supported the dependent, and the whole estate from which he derived his
income passes to the dependent, it is strongly arguable that the dependant’s
claim fails on the ground that there is no pecuniary loss. All that the
dependant could lose was the support from that income, and since the death he
has the income himself.

31 This proposition, taken by itself, is unobjectionable. The aim of a
dependency award is to compensate for _loss_ which the dependent has incurred
as a result of the death. Where no loss can be proved, the dependency claim
cannot be sustained: _Auty v National Coal Board_ [1985] 1 WLR 784. Thus, in
_Pym v The Great Northern Railway Company_ (1863) 4 B & S 396, the deceased
left a widow and nine children, the whole family being dependent on
substantial income from settled property. On the deceased’s death, the eldest
son became entitled to the property, though some provision was made under the
settlement for the widow and younger children. It was not disputed that as the
eldest son had inherited the property, he had not suffered any pecuniary loss.

32 It is, however, also important to understand that where there is clearly
established a loss from one source, the fact that it may be made good from
another by using a benefit received from the estate is beside the point: _Wood
v Bentall Simplex Ltd_ [1992] PIQR P332 (“ _Bentall Simplex_ ”). In a case
where the deceased’s income is in part derived from labour and in part from
capital, the court has to ascertain how much loss has arisen because the
deceased is no longer alive and able to work, and how much income was derived
solely from capital which the dependants have inherited. To the extent that
the dependants were maintained with income from capital, they could not be
said to have suffered a loss. Thus, in _Bentall Simplex_ itself, the dependant
widow and sons had enjoyed income derived in part from the deceased husband’s
labour on the farm and in part from capital. The defendant unsuccessfully
contended that the dependants had suffered no loss of dependency because their
enjoyment of the income had not ceased on the death of the deceased. It was
found that since the sums which the widow and sons were receiving before the
death could have been largely attributable to the deceased’s work on the farm
rather than from a return on the capital invested, a loss of dependency had
been shown.

21 There is no evidence that at the time of his demise, the deceased had any
other source of income besides those derived from his assets. This income
would have continued to accrue after the deceased’s death. The Plaintiffs
would not, as such, have suffered any loss.

22 The Plaintiffs have cited the case of _Tan Harry v Teo Chee Yeow Aloysius_
[2004] 1 SLR(R) 513 at [97] to support their contention that a deduction for
inheritance is never made where the parents pre-decease the children:

The question therefore was whether the common law excluded assets like (d) to
(g) from deduction. The AR was concerned that if inherited assets were to be
deducted from a dependency claim, dependants of a deceased with deep pockets
would always be deprived of their dependency claim. However, I was of the view
that he had not distinguished between dependants who were older and those who
were younger than the deceased. In the latter situation, no deduction should
be made because the dependants would in any event ultimately inherit the
assets, although at a later time.

23 The case involved a claim for dependency by the aged parents of the
deceased and the issue was whether certain assets inherited by the claimants
should be deducted. The court held that it should as they would never have
received the assets but for the untimely death of the deceased in that case.
It should be pointed out that Justice Woo was dealing specifically with the
issue of whether any deduction should be made for inheritance in a dependency
claim. The comment that in a situation where the dependants were younger than
the deceased, no deduction should be made for assets which the dependants
would ultimately inherit should therefore be understood in that context. The
issue of whether a deduction should be made is different from that of
ascertaining whether there is in fact any loss of dependency. This is clear
from Justice Woo’s subsequent comments at [98] to [100] :

98 The case for dependants who are aged parents is not necessarily the same as
that for younger dependants. Hence, Dr Myint Soe relied, _inter alia_ , on
para 1255 of _McGregor on Damages_ (13th Ed, 1972). That passage is reiterated
in its 14th Edition, 1980, at para 1347 and it states:

**1347** Cases will also arise where, but for the death, the dependants would
probably never have received the estate: this will be so, for instance, in the
case of a claim by aged parents who would otherwise in all probability have
predeceased their children. In such a case the proper course will be to deduct
something approaching the whole amount of the estate received by the parents;
the value of the acceleration is irrelevant here. And intermediate cases can
readily be imagined.

99 However, plaintiffs’ counsel sought to rely on the next paragraph which
states:

**1348** Of course, where the deceased’s sole property consists of unearned
income out of which he supported the dependant, and the whole estate from
which he derived this income passes to the dependant, the dependant’s claim
fails as there is no pecuniary loss. All that the dependant could lose was the
support from that income, and since the death he has the income himself. This
has been clear since the early case of _Pym v. Great Northern Ry_., but that
decision is sometimes wrongly taken as establishing the far wider, and
erroneous, principle that money received from the deceased’s estate must be
deducted.

100 In my view, the last clause of para 1348 of _McGregor_ does not contradict
or subvert para 1347. _What I believe it means is that not every asset or sum
received from the deceased’s estate must be deducted_.

[emphasis]

24 Justice Woo’s comment at [100] clearly acknowledges the principle that
where the dependant’s benefit was derived solely from existing assets, there
would have been no dependency loss incurred since the assets would have passed
on to the dependant.

25 On the available evidence, I am of the view it would be too speculative to
assume that the deceased will be able to generate income beyond those derived
from his existing assets which will enable him to continue to meet the
dependants’ expenses had he lived on. The evidence shows that his income since
coming to Singapore has been derived solely from these assets. Upon his death,
these assets and the corresponding income generated would have passed on to
the dependants and there would effectively have been no loss of dependency
suffered by them. I am therefore unable to agree with Mr Sharma’s first method
of calculating the quantum for dependency loss based solely on the existing
expenditure pattern of the dependants.

26 The Defendant has argued that since the Plaintiffs had effectively suffered
no loss, no award should be made for dependency. The Defendant’s expert Mr Tee
had opined that on the evidence, the deceased appeared to have entered into
retirement mode after coming to Singapore. This appear to me, however to be
unlikely. The deceased was only 47 years of age at the time of his demise. He
was the sole breadwinner of the family. He left behind his wife and 3
children, aged 19 (Michael), 17 (Sally) and 13 (Tracy) respectively. Michael,
who was serving National Service (“NS”) at that time, would have been expected
to embark on his university studies upon completion of his NS. From the
evidence, it is also probable that the deceased would have to support Sally
financially for the rest of his life given her intellectual disabilities.
Tracy too would be expected to progress to university within the next 5 to 6
years. Given the deceased’s existing and foreseeable financial obligations at
the time of his death, it would be relatively improbable that the deceased had
decided to retire and live off his savings and assets.

27 It is clear from the evidence that since coming to Singapore, the deceased
had taken steps to grow and develop his assets. Besides his residence at
Amaryllis Ville, he had purchased the 2 Park Infinia properties, both of which
had since appreciated in value substantially. He had also invested in shares
to the tune of more than $5 million. Based on valuations in 2012, it would
appear that the investment had been profitable. One possible approach for
determining dependency loss in this case would, therefore, be to quantify the
deceased’s skills and experience in managing and developing his assets.

Method 2 - Cape Distribution Ltd v O’Loughlin

28 In this regard, Mr Sharma had adopted a 2nd method of calculation, with a
view to verifying the calculations using the traditional method, based on the
approach adopted in the case of _Cape Distribution Ltd v O’Loughlin_ [2001]
EWCA Civ 178. In that case, the deceased did not earn a fixed salary, but
managed a portfolio of properties which gained him income with which he
supported the dependants. The court awarded the dependency claim based on the
cost of replacing the deceased’s skills as a property manager.

29 The difficulty with applying this method of calculation to the present case
stems from the challenge of assessing the value of the deceased’s skills in
managing and developing his assets. This in turn affects the ability to
ascertain the replacement cost for the deceased’s skills and experience. Mr
Sharma had opined that the deceased’s experience can be compared with the
experience and competence of a property and asset manager with 10 to 15 years’
experience. He had based his opinion on the fact that the deceased had more
than 20 years’ working experience, part of which was spent starting the
cooking oil trading business with his brothers and managing the assets that he
owned prior to his demise.

30 The Defendant pointed out, however, that the deceased’s financial history
does not support Mr Sharma’s assessment. In particular, of the properties the
deceased owned in Hong Kong, only one had gained in value. The timing of the
acquisition of the properties by WHTDL was also poor as it tied up the
company’s liquidity during the period of the Asian Financial Crisis in 1998.
The Defendant submitted that this was probably what led to a sharp decline in
the profitability of the company, which in turn led to conflict between the
deceased and his brothers and the eventual dissolution of the company. The
deceased’s investment pattern, both in property and shares, was such that he
would acquire the assets and hold on to them to generate passive income rather
than liquidating them at appropriate opportunities and acquiring more or
better investments. Accordingly, the Defendant submitted that the deceased was
more like a novice or amateur comparable, at best, only with a property and
asset manager of 3 to 5 years of experience.

31 On the evidence available, I am not convinced by Mr Sharma’s assessment
that the deceased experience and competence is comparable to that of a
professional property and asset manager with 10 to 15 years of experience. I
am also doubtful whether the salary of a professional property and asset
manager is an appropriate benchmark for calculating replacement cost in the
present case. The size of the deceased’s portfolio of assets raises the
question whether it would require full-time attention. The replacement cost
for the deceased should more appropriately be assessed based on the cost of
the services of a property and asset manager required to manage a portfolio
similar in size and scope to that of the deceased’s at the time of his demise.
This would require amongst others, information concerning the time and effort
required in the management of such a portfolio. Such information is,
unfortunately, unavailable before me; neither can it be distilled from the
evidence adduced. The annual salary of a full-time property and asset manager
would not, as such, be an appropriate reference point or benchmark unless it
can be shown that the deceased’s portfolio would require the total devotion in
time, skill and effort of a full-time property and asset manager. The
Defendant’s counter proposal of calculation based on the salary of a property
and asset manager of 3 to 5 years would be inappropriate for the same reason.
On the evidence before me, it would be impossible, without venturing into the
domain of speculation, to quantify the value of the deceased’s skills in
managing and developing his assets.

32 In the light of the above, I am of the view that there should be no award
for dependency in this case.

Claim by the Estate of Lo Hon Man (“the Estate”)

Pain and suffering

33 The Estate claims the sum of $2,000 for the pain and suffering of the
deceased. Mdm Law had testified that she could hear the deceased breathing
heavily when she went to him at the scene, but did not know if he was
conscious. The deceased was conveyed by ambulance to NUH at about 11pm.
According to the medical report dated 15 September 2008 by Dr Chou Ning of the
National University Hospital, the deceased was noted to have a Glasgow Coma
Score of 3 when he was received by the emergency department. This is
equivalent to being in a state of deep unconsciousness. The deceased’s
condition did not improve and he passed away on 4 January 2008 at 12.08pm.

34 There is no evidence that the deceased was conscious immediately after the
accident. The collision had caused the deceased to be flung against a nearby
tree and hit his head against the railing. The strength of the impact can be
inferred from the massive right acute subdural haematoma recorded in Dr Chou’s
report. It is probable as such that the deceased was rendered unconscious
immediately after the accident. This would also be consistent with the
deceased’s Glasgow Coma Score of 3 when he was received by the hospital. I am
therefore unable to accept the unsubstantiated assertion by counsel for the
Plaintiffs that the deceased must have felt pain at the moment of impact. In
the circumstances, it would not be appropriate to make any award for pain and
suffering.

Estate duty paid to IRAS

35 The Estate has claimed the sum of $116,281.50 for estate duty incurred. The
Defendant has countered that the claim is not permissible under section
10(3)(c) of the Civil Law Act (Revised Edition 1999) which states:

**Effect of death on certain causes of action**

**10.** (1) Subject to this section, on the death of any person, all causes of
action subsisting against or vested in him shall survive against, or, as the
case may be, for the benefit of his estate.

….

(3) Where a cause of action survives as specified under subsection (1) for the
benefit of the estate of a deceased person, the damages recoverable for the
benefit of the estate of that person —

….

(_c_) where the death of that person has been caused by the act or omission
which gives rise to the cause of action, shall be calculated _without
reference to any loss or gain to his estate consequent on his death except
that a sum in respect of funeral expenses may be included_.

[emphasis]

36 It is clear that the estate duty incurred was consequent on the deceased’s
death and hence disallowed under section 10(3)(c) of the Civil Law Act.

Loss arising from the force sale of the Fortis shares and bank penalty charges

37 The claim is for loss incurred as a result of the force sale of shares held
in the deceased’s name and the corresponding bank charges. The shares were
purchased on margin. Shortly after the deceased’s demise, Mdm Law was informed
that the share margin was insufficient and required a top up. As this took
place before the letters of administration were granted, Mdm Law did not have
the authority to instruct the agent to top up the margin, resulting in the
force sale. Mdm Law also lacked the funds to top up the margin.

38 I am of the view that the loss occasioned by the force sale was not caused
directly by the deceased’s demise, but rather the inability to top up the
margin. The claim fails for reasons of remoteness as the loss would not have
been reasonably foreseeable by the Defendant – see _Rockwills Trust Ltd v Wong
Meng Hang_ [2015] SGHC 138 at [15].

Claim by Mdm Law

Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder (“PTSD”) and Depression

39 Mdm Law produced a total of 3 medical reports from Dr Lim Yun Chin (“Dr
Lim”), a consultant psychiatrist from Raffles Hospital. The material portion
of the first report dated 4 November 2008 stated that:

Mdm Law suffered from bereavement which was compounded by emerging distressing
symptoms relating to the constant intrusion of vivid memories of the scene of
the accident relating to her husband’s agonizing dying moments. Her condition
deteriorated to the point that she needed professional help.

During my examination of her mental state in May 2008, she had recurrent and
intrusive memories with the gruesome details of the accident and her husband’s
dying moments. She couldn’t sleep and felt tense and unable to relax during
the day. If she managed some sleep she was often awoken by nightmares of the
incident and she had visions of herself, in a frantic but futile effort to
avert the event.

She became very anxious and distressed whenever she came across scenes that
resembled her husband’s accident and death, such as news reports of death
(e.g. bodies of earthquake victims in China) as well as the noises and sights
of fast-moving traffic.

Mdm Law also persistently avoided stimuli associated with her trauma, e.g.
feeling anxious in a moving vehicle. She also would not allow her son from
taking driving lessons. She also panicked when she walked on sidewalks with
fast-moving traffic. She displayed a general numbing of responsiveness that
was not present before the traumatic event, such as a lack of interest in
joining her usual group of friends for outings; feeling detached and estranged
from those around her.

She described feeling emotionally numb in response to her environment. But
when she pondered her future, she felt afraid and helpless. Mdm Law also
experienced difficulty sleeping, irritability and anger at her children and
lawyers (describing herself as being ‘out of control’ unlike in the past where
she was more measured and positive in her responses). She has difficulty
concentrating and remembering. She felt always on edge and “unable to relax”
most of the time (resulting in muscle aches and weakness, chest pains,
breathing difficulties, daytime fatigue, headaches and dizziness).

Mdm Law’s emotional and psychological difficulties are compounded by stress
from the daily challenges of living. Her late husband used to undertake
matters relating to the family’s budget, etc and she looked after the domestic
chores. Currently, matters relating to her late husband’s estate was thrust
upon her. The stress was compounded by the fact that she couldn’t speak or
write English.

She had to sell her flat to move into a smaller apartment and the family
budget had to be managed more stringently. The stress of being a single mother
was a major challenge for her as the children were themselves grieving for
their father. She often felt overwhelmed and depressed by the challenges, and
experienced recurrent fear and a sense of helplessness at the daunting task
facing her daily.

….

While her symptoms of PTSD have decreased in frequency, they are still
clinically significant and cause impairment in her ability to function
normally. It is anticipated that she will need medication as well as
supportive and cognitive-behaviour therapy for a period of another 12-18
months, on a regular basis.

40 The material portion of the first follow-up report dated 16 November 2010
stated:

The intensity of re-experiencing her trauma, for example, recurrent and
intrusive memories, and nightmares of her husband’s death has decreased. She
is less anxious about news reports or scenes about death, and noises and
sights of fast-moving vehicles. There is also less avoidance of stimuli
associated with her trauma.

However, she continues to experience a general numbing of responsiveness that
was not present before the trauma of losing her husband. She struggles to be
interested in and participate in social activities, continues to feel detached
and estranged from friends, and has a sense of a foreshortened future – she
described a marked deterioration of physical health following her husband’s
death and worries that a premature death will leave her children as orphans.

In addition, Mdm Law experiences persistent symptoms of increased arousal. She
has difficulty falling asleep and early wakening from nightmares linked to her
anxiety/stress of daily living after her husband’s death, and is more easily
irritated and angry at her children and others. She reported a marked
reduction in concentration and memory in the past 3 years since her husband’s
death, and now relies on written notes to remind her of daily tasks. She also
experiences anxiety-related symptoms such chest pain, choking sensations,
tingling sensations in the arms, and painful muscle tension. There were also
periods of intense anxiety, coinciding with court proceedings related to her
husband’s death.

…..

Although the dust has settled somewhat, Mdm Law is perplexed by her persistent
low mood, fatigue and loss of energy, diminished interest and pleasure in most
activities, feelings of guilt and worthlessness, and a diminished ability to
think and concentrate – indicating depression.

…her symptoms of PTSD are still clinically significant, impairing her ability
to function normally.

41 In the second follow-up report dated 18 November 2011, Dr Lim maintained
his opinion that there were further improvement to Mdm Law’s PTSD condition,
but continues to suffer from the symptoms indicating depression. He further
opined that the symptoms of PTSD and depression are still clinically
significant and causing impairment to her ability to function normally.

42 On 4 March 2013, surveillance was conducted by a private investigator on
Mdm Law. She was observed to be able to go about her routine, including taking
part in volunteer work at an old folks’ home. She also did not appear to have
any difficulty taking public transport and waiting for a taxi by the roadside
alone. The surveillance report was reviewed by Dr Lim, who then issued a
further report dated 31 May 2013. In his report, Dr Lim stated that the
activities Mdm Law was observed engaging in corresponded with the positive
coping activities she had been encouraged to participate in. Although Mdm Law
had shown further improvement since 18 November 2011, her symptoms of PTSD,
depression and grief remained clinically significant.

43 During cross-examination, Dr Lim testified that the cornerstone of PTSD
symptom, which is the re-experiencing intrusion of memories, nightmares,
events, had significantly subsided, although residual avoidance behaviour and
hyper-vigilance remained. Dr Lim opined that there was remission of Mdm Law’s
PTSD symptoms and that her disability has been reduced to mild or moderate. He
also opined that her symptoms for depression have become chronic. Her
condition of bereavement had remained the same since the accident and this has
prevented her depression from going away. Dr Lim had assessed her to be in the
moderate condition[note: 1].

44 Mdm Law claims the sum of $40,000 for PTSD and depression. The Defendant
has countered that the quantum should be $16,200 based on $10,000 for PTSD and
$8,000 for depression, with a discount of 10% to account for overlap of the 2
conditions.

45 The case of _Pang Koi Fa v Lim Djoe Phing_ [1993] 2 SLR(R) 366 was cited as
precedent by both parties. In that case, the plaintiff’s daughter had died as
a result of the negligence of the defendant neurosurgeon. The plaintiff became
distraught. She was on the verge of a breakdown and almost committed suicide.
She complained of heart palpitations, breathlessness, insomnia, crying
episodes, loss of interest in her work and social life. She was preoccupied
with memories of her daughter, and preserved her daughter's room at home and
her desk at her office – a symptom, known as “mummification”, of a severe
grief reaction. She underwent a personality change - she stopped cooking for
the family, became over-protective of her son and quarrelled frequently with
her husband. She had even gone to her doctor’s office and abused him, smashing
some glass and banging on cupboards although she had ordinarily been a mild
lady. She was diagnosed to be suffering from PTSD and pathological grief. The
psychiatrist had opined that she had become a psychiatric patient. She was
awarded $30,000 damages.

46 The other case referred to by both parties is _Goh Eng Hong v Management
Corporation of Textile Centre_ [2003] 1 SLR 209. The plaintiff was injured
when the lift she was in fell 19 floors to the bottom of the lift shaft. She
suffered severe injuries to her left leg. She was also diagnosed to be
suffering from PTSD. Her symptoms included intense fear each time she enters a
lift and have startle response when she hears noise produce by appliances. She
had insomnia and would experience recurrent, intrusive images of the scene of
the accident that disturbed her sleep. She had anxiety and difficulty
concentrating. She needed to be accompanied for most part of her daily life
and had to avoid items that would remind her of her trauma such as a violent
scene from a television show. Her initial award of $40,000 was reduced to
$30,000 when the court accepted counsel’s argument that the condition of the
plaintiff in _Pang Koi Fa_ was as severe, if not more severe.

47 Counsel for the Defendant referred to a third case, _Chang Mui Hoon v Lim
Bee Leng_ [2013] SGHCR 17. The plaintiff was the front seat passenger of a car
which was involved in a traffic accident. She suffered PTSD and depression as
a result. Her main symptoms were that she became fearful whenever she is
sitting in a motor vehicle and would experience headaches and giddiness. She
had trouble sleeping and became easily irritable. She was awarded a total of
$20,000 for both PTSD and depression - $12,000 for PTSD and $10,000 for
depression, with a discount of $2,000 for overlap between the two conditions).

48 I am of the view that the same argument can be made here that the condition
of the plaintiff in _Pang Koi Fa_ was as severe, if not more severe than Mdm
Law’s condition. I am also of the view that Mdm Law’s condition is more severe
than that of the plaintiff in _Chang Mui Hoon’s_ case. I have considered as
well the relevant guidelines set out in the _Guidelines for the Assessment of
General Damages in Persona Injury Cases_ (Academy Publishing, 2010). In the
circumstances I award $20,000 for PTSD and $10,000 for depression, with a
discount of $2,000 for overlap. The net quantum awarded is therefore
**$28,000**.

Future medical and transport expenses

49 Dr Lim has opined in his report dated 31 May 2013 that Mdm Law would
require “ongoing support in the form of counselling and medication for the
next 3 to 5 years” at the estimated cost of $200 to $300 per monthly
consultation. At the hearing, however, Dr Lim testified on 22 January 2014
that Mdm Law would require indefinite treatment and counselling because of the
persistent symptoms of unresolved grief and depression after 5 years of
receiving treatment. Dr Lim also opined that another reason why Mdm Law’s
condition is unlikely to improve is that he foresaw she is going to have
increasing problems with Sally[note: 2].

50 Based on Dr Lim’s evidence at the hearing, a multiplier of 13 years was
proposed by the Plaintiffs. The Defendant countered that the expenses should
be based on no more than 5 years. I note that in his 2 previous reports dated
4 November 2008 and 16 November 2010, Dr Lim had recommended periods of 12-18
months and 24 – 30 months respectively. It is quite clear that those periods
do not represent Dr Lim’s view regarding the definite period of treatment Mdm
Law required. Rather, they reflect an incremental approach by Dr Lim in terms
of prescribing future treatment. I am inclined as such to view the period of 3
to 5 years recommended in Dr Lim’s report dated 31 May 2103 as a continuation
in that exercise. Dr Lim’s evidence at the hearing that Mdm Law would require
indefinite medication and counselling is therefore not, in my view,
inconsistent with his previous opinion on the point. I also accept Dr Lim’s
reasons for his view that Mdm Law would require an indefinite period of
counselling and medication.

51 The Plaintiffs have not explained the basis for adopting a multiplier of 13
years. I am of the view that a multiplier of 10 would appear to be more
reasonable. Applying the multiplicand of $250, the quantum awarded for Mdm
Law’s future medical expenses is **$30,000** ($250 x 12 months x 10 years).
Using the same multiplier, and the agreed multiplicand of $15, the quantum
awarded for Mdm Law’s future transport expenses is **$1,800** ($15 x 12 months
x 10 years).

Claim by Michael

PTSD and Depression

52 Michael produced a total of 2 medical reports, a memo and an update on one
of the medical reports from psychiatrist Dr Calvin Fones Soon Leng (“Dr
Fones”), of Fones Clinic. Dr Fones has been seeing Michael since 13 May 2008.
The material portion of the first report dated 10 January 2009 stated that:

1\. Kit Ho suffers from PTSD as a direct sequela of the accident on 4 January
2008, during which he witnessed his father being knocked down and subsequently
dying. He satisfies DSM-IV criteria for PTSD in that:

A. He has been exposed to a traumatic event in which:

(1) he witnessed his father being seriously and fatally injured

(2) his response at the time, involved intense fear, helplessness, or horror

B. The traumatic event has persistently been re-experienced in various ways:

(1) recurrent and intrusive distressing recollections of the event, including
images and thoughts

(2) recurrent distressing dreams of the event

(3) acting or feeling as if the traumatic event were recurring and a sense of
reliving the experience (flashbacks)

(4) intense psychological distress at exposure to internal (thoughts) or
external cues (e.g. media depictions, traffic situations, conversations) that
symbolize or resemble an aspect of the traumatic event

C. Persistent avoidance of stimuli associated with the trauma and numbing of
general responsiveness:

(1) efforts to avoid thoughts, feelings, or conversations associated with the
trauma

(2) efforts to avoid activities, places or people that arouse recollections of
the trauma

(3) diminished interest or participation in significant activities

(4) feeling of detachment or estrangement from others

(5) sense of a foreshortened future (e.g. not expecting to have a career,
marriage etc)

D. Persistent symptoms of increased arousal:

(1) irritability or outbursts of anger

(2) difficulty concentrating

(3) hypervigilance

E. Duration of the disturbance (symptoms in Criteria B, C and D) has been
prevalent for more than 1 month.

F. The disturbance causes clinically significant distress or impairment in
social, occupational, or other important areas of functioning.

The specified course of the PTSD is **Chronic** , the duration of symptoms
having exceeded 3 months and still persisting till now.

2\. As can be anticipated, he experienced symptoms of Acute Stress Disorder in
the immediate aftermath, which progressed into PTSD subsequently. While the
symptoms have receded over the course of time and with treatment (comprising
medication and psychotherapy), they have not fully remitted. While the range
of opinions may include the view that his symptoms have improved to the point
that they no longer amount to a clinical diagnosis of PTSD, I am of the
opinion that they are _still_ present and exist to a sufficient degree as to
impair his functioning and hence justifies the continued diagnosis of
**Chronic PTSD**.

3\. Kit Ho also has Major Depressive Disorder, which developed after the grief
reaction he experienced with his father’s death…The severity of depression is
mild to moderate at present, but had reached a more severe level when he first
presented. He has since responded to a combination of medication and psycho
therapeutic treatment…

4\. Kit Ho’s PTSD and depressive symptoms have become chronic. He has made
significant improvements over the last one year when he was undergoing
treatment but there are still persistent symptoms which continue to impact his
social and occupational functioning. I estimate that he would require another
2 to 3 years of continued treatment at an estimated frequency of about once
every 1-2 months of psychotherapy and psychiatric management, including
pharmacological treatment…

5\. I would consider Kit Ho’s condition overall to be improved but still
significantly affected and his social and occupational function impaired. The
prognosis is fair for recovery over 3-5 years with the appropriate treatment
and psychosocial support.

53 In a memo dated 12 February 2010, Dr Fones indicated that Michael “has made
improvements on his mood but still suffers from chronic PTSD”.

54 The material portion of the second medical report dated 10 November 2010,
states:

He has, with therapy and medication been able to overcome some of his
psychological symptoms and maintain social and occupational functioning. He
has however never been totally free of the effects of his emotional scars over
the years….Socially however he has remained rather isolated since the
incident, keeping mostly to himself and not interacting much with friends.
This is in stark contrast to his previous outgoing and gregarious self.

Kit Ho’s depressive disorder was more severe in the first year following the
accident but had improved significantly towards the beginning of September
2009. He continued however, to be more affected by features of PTSD. He
continues to fulfil the DSM-IV criteria for PTSD…

Kit Ho will require long-term therapy and treatment for Chronic PTSD. The
above-mentioned features of PTSD continue to affect his life significantly.
His educational performance and social functioning have been negatively
affected.

55 In his update to the said report, dated 18 November 2011, Dr Fones
indicated that Michael continues to suffer from Chronic PTSD and Major
Depressive Disorder (“MDD”) complicated by traumatic grief. He continues to
have memories and flashbacks of the accident and occasional nightmares, and
still finds it difficult to talk about the accident. Major Depression has
become the more prominent psychopathology in recent months.

56 On 30 and 31 January 2013, surveillance was conducted by a private
investigator on Michael. He was observed to be able to travel by bus
independently, and appeared to be in good spirits when he was with his
girlfriend. After parting with her, Michael then proceeded to play video games
at an amusement centre. The surveillance report was reviewed by Dr Fones, who
then issued a further report dated 26 June 2013. In his report, Dr Fones
opined that the surveillance footage is wholly consistent with Michael’s
clinical presentation, and that he still suffers from chronic PTSD. The
material portion of the report states:

Kit Ho’s main fears concerns travelling by car. He invariably travels by MRT
or bus as validated by the video surveillance. He avoids taking a taxi even if
he is late for an appointment. He has an excessive fear driving, which has
prevented him from taking driving lessons to obtain a licence. He still has
considerable fears that any car he is travelling in will breakdown on the
road. He also fears heavy vehicle which pass by. He relates however, that he
is able to move unencumbered as a pedestrian, even near roads/traffic,
although the proximity of a lorry would still trigger traumatic memories. He
still has problems with sleep, particularly having problems falling asleep. He
tends to ruminate about the past and laments his present life circumstances
and how much the lives of his family and himself have been so radically
transformed by the accident. Although the PTSD has reduced in intensity with
time, I am of the opinion that he continues to experience symptoms that affect
circumscribed areas of his life.

57 Dr Fones testified on 21 January 2014 that Michael still experiences
features that qualify for a diagnosis of PTSD; in particular he experiences
chronic PTSD which refers to symptoms having exceeded 3 months following the
trauma. He opined that the degree of Michael’s MDD is not sever enough to
cause him to be house bound and not interacting with other people in general,
although many people with MDD can still interact and form meaningful
relationships. Dr Fones opined that Michael’s MDD had improved substantially
from a moderately severe degree to much milder. He further opined that it is
chronic PTSD that continues to affect Michael more than the MDD, and
classified Michael has having moderate chronic PTSD[note: 3].

58 Michael claims the sum of $25,000 for PTSD and MDD. The Defendant has
countered that the quantum should be $9,900 based on $7,000 for PTSD and
$4,000 for MDD, with a discount of 10% to account for overlap of the 2
conditions.

59 In the light of Dr Fones latest assessment of Michael’s condition, and
having considered the relevant guidelines set out in the _Guidelines for the
Assessment of General Damages in Persona Injury Cases_ (Academy Publishing,
2010), I award $8,000 for PTSD and $4,000 for depression, with a discount of
$2,000 for overlap. The net quantum awarded is therefore **$10,000**.

Future medical and transport expenses

60 In his report dated 18 November 2011, Dr Fones has stated that Michael
would require another 3-5 years of treatment at a frequency of monthly to
2-monthly visits. Based on medical receipts tendered, it appeared, however,
that between March 2012 and May 2013, Michael had not consulted with Dr Fones,
and that after May 2013, there were no more treatment for either PTSD or MDD
sought with Dr Fones. In his report dated 26 June 2013, Dr Fones had also
indicated that Michael had discontinued his antidepressant medication since
April 2012. In the circumstances, I am of the view that there is no clear
evidence that Michael would require continued treatment for either his PTSD or
MDD. It would not be appropriate as such to make any award for future medical
expenses and transport expenses.

**Conclusion**

61 The damages to be awarded on a 95% basis to the Plaintiffs is thus as
follows:

**Personal claims** |   
---|---  
Mdm Law |  PTSD & Depression |  $28,000  
Future medical expenses |  $30,000  
Future transport expenses |  $1,800  
Michael |  PTSD & Depression |  $10,000  
  
  

62 I will award interest at 5.33% per annum from the date of service of the
writ to the date of judgment on the damages awarded excluding any interim
payment made.

63 Costs to be agreed or taxed. The usual consequential orders will apply.

* * *

[note: 1]NE for 22 January 2014 at page 4 line27 to page 5 line 26 and page 9
lines 27 to 31.

[note: 2]NE for 22 January 2014 at page 6 lines 4 to 10 and page 7 lines 4 to
7.

[note: 3]NE for 21 January 2014 at page 15 line 17 to page 18 line 11.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 10 Jul 2015 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

