Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Koh Kow Tee Michael _v_ Lee Ewe Ming Edward and another  
[2015] SGHC 60

Case Number| :| Suit No 782 of 2014 (Registrar's Appeal No 10 of 2015)  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 09 March 2015  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Woo Bih Li J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Teo Weng Kie and Shahira Bte Mohd Annuar (Tan Kok Quan
Partnership) for the appellant/D2; Bogaars Nigel Brian and Subramaniam
Sundarum (Bogaars & Din) for the 1st respondent/plaintiff; Abdul Salim A
Ibrahim and Francis Chan (United Legal Alliance LLC) for the 2nd respondent/D1  
Parties| :|  Koh Kow Tee Michael — Lee Ewe Ming Edward and another  
  
9 March 2015|  
---|---  
  
Woo Bih Li J:

Introduction

1 On 6 December 2013, three Lamborghini cars were involved in a chain
collision along the North South Highway of West Malaysia in the direction from
Singapore to Kuala Lumpur. The first car was driven by the plaintiff’s son-in-
law Chua Zhi Rong (“Chua”). The second and third cars were driven by the first
and second defendants respectively.

2 The plaintiff commenced this action to claim various heads of damages. The
largest item was the replacement cost for his car which was apparently
engulfed in flames. The replacement cost claimed was $1.3m.

3 The plaintiff’s claim was made by him personally and was not a subrogated
claim, _ie_ , it was not a claim made by an insurer. The first and second
defendants each sought an indemnity from their insurers, _ie_ , Liberty
Insurance Pte Ltd (“Liberty”) and AIG Asia Pacific Insurance Pte Ltd (“AIG”)
respectively. AIG was formerly known as Chartis Insurance Pte Ltd. Therefore,
Liberty and AIG were conducting the defences of the first and second
defendants respectively.

4 On 1 October 2014, AIG filed Summons 4900/2014 (“the Summons”) to stay the
action pursuant to the inherent jurisdiction of the court under O 92 r 4 of
the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R5, 2006 Rev Ed). AIG’s reason was that there was
a Market Agreement (Barometer of Liability) (“the Market Agreement”) signed
between the General Insurance Association of Singapore (“GIA”) and various
insurers including Liberty and AIG which provided who (as between the
insurers) was to pay the claim of the owner of the first car.

5 AIG’s position was that the Market Agreement applied. Under that agreement,
Liberty was liable to pay the plaintiff’s claim for loss of his car in full.
Liberty disputed that the Market Agreement applied. One of its reasons was
that the plaintiff’s claim was not made by an insurer.

6 AIG sought a decision from the GIA Panel of Adjudicators (“the GIA
adjudicators”) as to whether Liberty was bound by the Market Agreement to pay
the plaintiff’s claim in full. If so, that would mean that, as between Liberty
and AIG, AIG would not be liable to pay the plaintiff’s claim even if the
second defendant had caused or contributed to the cause of the accident and to
the loss of the plaintiff’s car.

7 AIG filed the Summons to seek a stay of court proceedings pending the
decision by the GIA adjudicators. Apparently a decision had been reached but
was not released pending the payment of an administrative fee by Liberty.

8 The Summons was resisted by Liberty and the plaintiff. It was dismissed with
costs by an Assistant Registrar (“AR”). AIG then filed an appeal by way of
Registrar’s Appeal no 10 of 2015. On 20 January 2015, I heard the appeal and
dismissed it with costs. I set out my reasons below.

Reasons

9 The main issue was whether a stay ought to be granted. Liberty and the
plaintiff did not dispute that the court had an inherent jurisdiction to do
so.

10 One sub-issue was the test to be applied for a stay of proceedings under
the court’s inherent jurisdiction.

11 AIG relied on the Court of Appeal decision in _Tjong Very Sumito v Antig
Investments Pte Ltd_ [2009] 4 SLR(R) 732, a case involving an arbitration
agreement or the existence of such an agreement. There, the Court of Appeal
agreed that a stay of proceedings should be ordered if it was at least
arguable that a dispute is the subject of an arbitration agreement. However,
as can be seen, the disputes in the case before me were not confined to a
dispute between AIG and Liberty only. The larger dispute arose from the claim
by the plaintiff against both defendants, and the plaintiff was not subject to
any adjudication conducted by GIA. Therefore, the question was not whether it
was arguable that Liberty was bound by the Market Agreement and the
adjudication process under it.

12 In _Four Pillars Enterprises Co Ltd v Beiersdorf Aktiengesellschaft_ [1999]
1 SLR(R) 382 (“ _Four Pillars_ ”), the Court of Appeal said that the court’s
inherent jurisdiction to stay court proceedings, when the Arbitration Act did
not apply, was very rarely exercised.

13 In _Reichhold Norway ASA and another v Goldman Sachs International_ (2000)
2 AU ER 679 (“ _Reichhold_ ”) Lord Bingham of Cornhill CJ said, at 690, that a
stay of proceedings under the court’s inherent jurisdiction is only granted in
rare and compelling circumstances.

14 In _Shanghai Construction (Group) General Co Singapore Branch v Tan Poh
Seng_ [2012] SGHCR 10, an AR referred to both _Four Pillars_ and Lord
Bingham’s view in _Reichhold_ and concluded that even after _Reichhold_ , it
remains the position that a stay of proceedings (in the absence of a binding
arbitration agreement between all the parties) will be granted only in rare
and exceptional circumstances. That AR also mentioned the interest of justice.

15 I will also refer to _Wee Soon Kim Anthony v Law Society of Singapore_
[2001] 2 SLR(R) 821 because the parties and the AR who heard the Summons
referred to it. In that case, the Court of Appeal said that the essential
touchstone for the court to exercise its inherent jurisdiction was that of
“need”. However, the court in that case was not asked to order a stay but
instead to allow two solicitors to intervene in an application to court by a
complainant for an order to compel the Law Society of Singapore to apply to
the Chief Justice for the appointment of a disciplinary committee to consider
his complaint against the two solicitors. Therefore, the facts there were very
different and, with respect, the case does not add anything material to the
last three cases discussed above.

16 I agreed that in the circumstances, a stay would rarely be granted and only
if the interest of justice warranted such an order.

17 On the facts before me, AIG submitted that clearly the Market Agreement
would apply in the circumstances while Liberty sought to persuade me to the
contrary.

18 I was of the view that under the Summons and the consequent appeal, it was
not for the court to decide whether the Market Agreement would apply. That was
being decided by the GIA adjudicators. Whether Liberty would contest their
decision if that decision went against Liberty was another matter.

19 The main question about granting a stay was whether a decision by the GIA
adjudicators in favour of AIG would resolve the plaintiff’s claim entirely. As
stated above, according to AIG, if the Market Agreement applied, Liberty would
be contractually bound to pay the plaintiff’s entire claim. However, even if
the Market Agreement applied, it was binding as between Liberty and AIG only.
As Liberty submitted, the plaintiff was not a party to the Market Agreement.
It was not bound by it. Nor could it derive any benefit from it.

20 Liberty was alleging that Chua, the driver of the plaintiff’s car, had
contributed to the cause of the accident. Therefore, even if Liberty were
liable to AIG to pay the plaintiff’s entire claim, it was not precluded from
raising contributory negligence against Chua and hence against the plaintiff.
For the time being, it was not necessary for me to decide whether the
plaintiff was liable for the negligence of Chua.

21 Although AIG initially appeared to agree before me that Liberty was not
precluded from alleging contributory negligence against the plaintiff, AIG
later argued that it would be a breach of the Market Agreement for Liberty to
claim contributory negligence against the plaintiff if Liberty was liable, as
between Liberty and AIG, to pay the plaintiff’s claim.

22 My tentative view was that this was not correct. Such a conclusion would
give the plaintiff the benefit of the Market Agreement even though it was not
a party to it. Neither was the plaintiff claiming the benefit of the Market
Agreement under any statute on third party’s rights.

23 In other words, even if the GIA adjudicators were to rule that as between
Liberty and AIG, Liberty was to pay all of the plaintiff’s claim and assuming
such a ruling was binding on Liberty, this would not resolve the plaintiff’s
claim which would still have to proceed.

24 AIG submitted that legal costs would be saved if the ruling was in favour
of AIG. However, this submission assumed that such a ruling would mean that
Liberty was also obliged not to contest the plaintiff’s claim. In my tentative
view, it was unlikely that Liberty was so obliged. At most, it would only mean
that AIG need not vigorously contest the claim of the plaintiff since, as
between AIG and Liberty, Liberty would be liable to pay the claim.

25 Furthermore, if AIG had to defend the plaintiff’s claim against the second
defendant pending the ruling and the release of the ruling by GIA, AIG could
attempt to claim the costs of doing so against Liberty so long as such costs
were over and above what AIG would have incurred in any event if Liberty had
agreed from the start that it was liable, as between them, to pay the
plaintiff’s claim. Therefore, any extra costs incurred by AIG because there
was no stay might well be for Liberty’s account eventually if AIG were correct
about Liberty’s liability to AIG.

26 AIG’s argument about the saving of costs was therefore not a strong one.

27 I also found it strange that even if the ruling of the GIA adjudicators was
to be in favour of AIG, or AIG obtained a court order declaring that such a
ruling was binding on Liberty, AIG would still claim that Liberty would be in
breach of contract if Liberty continued to pursue its contributory negligence
allegation against the plaintiff. Such a course of action suggested that AIG
was not acting _bona fide_. What concern could it be of AIG if Liberty wanted
to pursue the contributory negligence against the plaintiff? AIG could not
suggest any valid reason to adopt such a course of action beyond reiterating
that it was to save legal costs. However, by then, the main opponent of the
plaintiff would be Liberty and not AIG. Liberty would be the one incurring
costs and expenses to meet the plaintiff’s claim.

28 I add that the decision of Moore-Bick J in _Reichhold Norway ASA and
another v Goldman Sachs International_ [1999] 1 All ER 40, which AIG relied on
heavily, did not assist AIG because the facts there were quite different.

29 As for AIG’s emphasis that the courts support alternative dispute
resolution, I was of the view that this submission was off the mark. A refusal
to order a stay of the court proceedings did not mean that the GIA
adjudication process was being displaced. Both the GIA adjudicators and the
court proceedings would proceed concurrently.

30 AIG also argued that if it filed a defence to the plaintiff’s claim, this
would arguably amount to a submission to the court’s jurisdiction which would
in turn mean that it had waived its right to have the dispute between Liberty
and AIG adjudicated by the GIA adjudicators. I doubted that if AIG filed such
a defence, this would mean that it had waived its right to the said
adjudication. Furthermore, this concern could have been addressed by a court
order that AIG’s participation in the action was without prejudice to its
alleged right to seek such adjudication. In any event, AIG did not seek such
an order to preserve its alleged right.

31 In the circumstances, I was of the view that there was no merit in AIG’s
stay application and dismissed its appeal with costs.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 09 Mar 2015 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

