Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Public Prosecutor _v_ Khartik Jasudass and another  
[2015] SGHC 199

Case Number| :| Criminal Case No 22 of 2015  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 03 August 2015  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Hoo Sheau Peng JC  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Eugene Lee, Ong Luan Tze, Teo Lu Jia (Attorney General's
Chambers) for the prosecution; Eugene Thuraisingnam, Cheong Jun Ming Mervyn
(Eugene Thuraisingnam LLP) and Lim You Yu Benson (WongPartnership LLP) for the
first accused; Amolat Singh (Amolat & Partners) and Liang Hanwei Calvin (Tan
Kok Quan Partnership) for the second accused.  
Parties| :|  Public Prosecutor — Khartik Jasudass and another  
  
3 August 2015| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Hoo Sheau Peng JC:

1 The first accused is Khartik Jasudass (“the first accused”), a 22-year-old
male Malaysian citizen. The second accused is Puniyamurthy A/L Maruthai (“the
second accused”), a 30-year-old male Malaysian citizen. The accused persons
are cousins. They each claimed trial to a charge of trafficking in a
controlled drug, namely diamorphine, in furtherance of their common intention,
an offence under s 5(1)(_a_) read with s 5(2) of the Misuse of Drugs Act (Cap
185, 2008 Rev Ed) (“MDA”) and read with s 34 of the Penal Code (Cap 224, 2008
Rev Ed) (“Penal Code”). The charges state that on 27 August 2012 at about
6.20pm, in the vicinity of Block 221 Yishun Street 21, Singapore, the accused
persons had in their possession for the purpose of trafficking two packets of
granular or powdery substances weighing a total of 454.6g which were analysed
and found to contain not less than 26.21g of diamorphine. The Prosecution
applied for a joint trial of the accused persons under s 143(_a_) of the
Criminal Procedure Code (Cap 68, 2012 Rev Ed) (“CPC”). The accused persons did
not object to this, and were tried jointly.

The Prosecution’s case

The arrest of the accused persons

2 By and large, the evidence led by the Prosecution was not disputed. At
6.10pm on 27 August 2012, officers from the Central Narcotics Bureau (“CNB”)
spotted the accused persons meeting up with three men at one of the staircase
landings of Block 230, Yishun Street 21. A short while later, the accused
persons and the three men parted ways. The accused persons headed to a nearby
carpark where their motorcycle which bore a Malaysian registration number JML
607 (“the Motorcycle”) was parked. The first accused rode the Motorcycle out
of the carpark, with the second accused as his pillion passenger.

3 The CNB officers tailed the accused persons into another carpark at Block
221, Yishun Street 21. There, the second accused remained on the Motorcycle,
carrying a black haversack, while the first accused walked towards the void
deck of Block 221. At this point, the CNB officers moved in and arrested them
separately.

4 After the arrest, the accused persons were escorted into a CNB vehicle (“the
CNB vehicle”). At about 6.50pm, Woman Staff Sergeant Norizan binte Merabzul
(“W/SSgt Norizan”) entered the CNB vehicle and proceeded to question the
accused persons in Malay. Initially, the questions were posed to both the
accused persons generally. As the second accused began answering the questions
first, a statement was taken from the second accused. Subsequently, W/SSgst
Norizan also took a statement from the first accused. These statements were
recorded in the Special Task Force field diary.

5 At about 7.05pm, Senior Staff Sergeant Tay Cher Yeen Jason (“SSSgt Tay”)
conducted a search on the accused persons. He seized, among other things, the
black haversack which was carried by the second accused at the time of his
arrest. Two black bundles were found in this black haversack.

6 Following the search, from about 7.30pm to 8.05pm, W/SSgt Norizan recorded
another statement from the second accused inside the CNB vehicle. During this
time, the first accused was seated on the ground outside the CNB vehicle. From
about 8.10pm to 8.38pm, W/SSgt Norizan took another statement from the first
accused inside the CNB vehicle. The accused persons spoke in the Malay
language, which W/SSgt Norizan interpreted into and recorded in writing in
English.

7 The accused persons were then brought to their workplace at Senoko Avenue,
as well as the Woodlands Checkpoint for further investigations to be
conducted. After that, they were brought back to the CNB’s Headquarters at the
Police Cantonment Complex.

Handling and analysis of the exhibits

8 At about 12.23am on 28 August 2012, SSSgt Tay brought the seized exhibits to
the Exhibit Management Room in CNB’s Headquarters, and handed them over to
Woman Inspector Michelle Sim (“IO Sim”) for photograph taking. The accused
persons were present in an adjoining room from which they viewed the process.

9 The black haversack was marked “A” and the two black bundles found therein
were marked “A1” and “A2” respectively. Each black bundle was found to contain
one packet of granular or powdery substance. These were then marked “A1A” and
“A2A” respectively (“suspected drug exhibits”). DNA swabs were also taken from
the exhibits. Once an exhibit was labelled, photographed and swabbed for DNA,
Sergeant Jasveer Singh Gill (“Sgt Jasveer”) repacked each exhibit into a
separate plastic bag. After the photograph-taking process, Sgt Jasveer handed
all the exhibits over to IO Sim.

10 IO Sim then weighed the suspected drug exhibits, and recorded their weights
in her investigation diary. The accused persons were invited to sign against
these entries, which they did. Thereafter, IO Sim placed the suspected drug
exhibits into a plastic bag and carried them to her office for safekeeping.

11 On 30 August 2012, at about 1.51pm, IO Sim handed to Hu Yiling Charmaine
(“Ms Hu”), a Health Sciences Authority (“HSA”) analyst, _inter alia_ , the
suspected drug exhibits for analysis. Upon analysis, Ms Hu found that the
exhibit marked “A1A” contained 229.5g of granular or powdery substance with
not less than 13.08g of diamorphine, and the exhibit marked “A2A” contained
225.1g of granular or powdery substance with not less than 13.13g of
diamorphine. In total, there was therefore no less than 26.21g of diamorphine
in exhibits “A1A” and “A2A”. These results were not challenged by the accused
persons at trial.

12 On 31 August 2012, blood specimens were obtained from each accused person.
The specimens were then sealed and deposited in a locked metal security box
which was placed at the Criminal Registration Office Counter. On 3 September
2012, Mr Poh Beng Kiong, an employee of Access Express Courier Pte Ltd, a
company which provides courier services, collected the locked metal security
box and handed it over to the DNA Database Laboratory of the HSA.

13 On 3 September 2012, IO Sim submitted the DNA swabs taken from the exhibits
(see [9] above) to the DNA Profiling Laboratory for DNA analysis. The accused
persons’ DNA was found on the exterior surface of the plastic taped with tapes
covering the exhibit marked “A2A”. These DNA results were similarly not
challenged by the accused persons at trial.

Statements made by the first accused

14 The Prosecution relied on the statements taken from the first accused by
W/SSgst Norizan (see [4] and [6] above which will be referred to as the “oral
statement” and “contemporaneous statement” respectively). In addition, the
Prosecution also relied on four other statements made by the first accused,
namely the statement recorded by IO Sim under s 23 of the CPC on 28 August
2012 (“the cautioned statement”), and three other statements recorded under s
22 of the CPC on 31 August, 2 September 2012 and 13 February 2013 respectively
(each to be referred to as a “long statement”, and two or more as “long
statements”). The first two long statements were recorded by IO Sim, while the
last was recorded by Inspector Nathaniel Sim (“Insp Sim”).

15 The first accused did not challenge the voluntariness of all these
statements, although two matters were disputed. First, in the oral statement
taken by W/SSgt Norizan, the first accused was recorded as stating that there
were “two _packets_ of _batu brown_ colour” [emphasis in original] inside the
black haversack. When questioned by the Prosecution, the first accused stated
that he did not mention the colour. To my mind, this is not a material point.
In my analysis below of the first accused’s evidence, I do not rely on this
aspect of the oral statement. I shall not say more of this. Second, it is
submitted that the third long statement recorded on 13 February 2013 by Insp
Sim is inadmissible as it forms “without prejudice” communications. I shall
return to the contents of the third long statement at [52], and discuss the
objection at [103]–[104].

16 For now, I set out the critical portions of the various other statements.
In the oral statement, the first accused said that he had something to
“surrender”, being the two packets of drugs in the bag. In relation to the
drugs, he explained that he was “[t]o send and collect money”. In the
contemporaneous statement, the first accused stated that he used the black bag
together with the second accused. He knew that the bundles in the black bag
contained drugs, but that he did not know “ _what drugs_ ” [emphasis added].
They were waiting for a phone call so as to find out who “to send” the bundles
to.

17 In the first accused’s cautioned statement, he admitted to the charge. He
had surrendered to the CNB officers when questioned whether he was “doing any
illegal work”. The first accused stated that he did not know the punishment
for committing the crime. He was in financial difficulties, and needed money.

18 In the first accused’s first long statement recorded on 31 August 2012,
again, he explained that he and the second accused had become involved in
delivering drugs because of financial difficulties. Sometime in the middle of
July 2012, they had met a man named “Raja” in Johor Bahru, Malaysia. Upon
hearing that the accused persons were jobless, Raja offered both of them a
job. Raja did not give any details about the job except that it would be “a
dangerous job” that could earn them “ _a lot of money_ ” [emphasis added].
Raja gave them time to think about whether they wished to accept the job. The
first accused then stated:

17 … At that point of time, I _was already suspecting that the job Raja was
referring to have got something to do with delivery of drugs_.

18 Two days later, Raja called [the second accused] on his handphone and
requested to meet us at a restaurant. Both [the second accused] and I met up
with him and he bought us dinner. He also asked us if we had thought about the
job. We told him that the job was _too dangerous_ and we were not prepared to
do the job. We further informed him that we do not have a motorcycle for the
job. Raja then told us that to start with, he would arrange a job for us and
also provide a motorcycle to do the job. Raja further explained to us about
the job details. He said that they would pack food into the motorcycle and we
are to ride the motorcycle into Singapore. After that, we are to open up the
motorcycle to retrieve the food and then deliver it to somebody whom they
would let us know. _By ‘food’, Raja actually meant drugs_. _However, both [the
second accused] and I do not know what type of drugs they were and Raja also
did not inform us_. _Raja said that we would be paid 1000 ringgit per trip to
Singapore for the drug delivery and both of us could share the amount._
Initially, both [the second accused] and I _did not want to do the job_ and we
told Raja that _we were scared to do it_. Raja then told us that we could try
it out for one time first and keep the money for our expenses. _He also
assured us that we need not worry about it and that he would take care of
everything._ Both of us then agreed to do the job. … [emphasis added]

19 Continuing on, the first accused stated that since 1 August 2012, the
second accused and he had been employed by a company in Senoko Way, Singapore,
and would travel to Singapore to work every morning. They did not wish to
continue with the job of delivering drugs. However, Raja told them if they
refused to continue, their “families would be in trouble”. They protested that
Raja had cheated them, as he had said they needed to do the job only once.
Raja stated that these were his instructions from “higher authorities”.
Subsequently, Raja paid the deposit for the Motorcycle, and registered it
under the second accused’s name. Raja arranged for the balance sum to be paid
by the accused persons. For accommodation, Raja also rented out a room in a
house to the accused persons.

20 Before his arrest, the first accused stated that he had done about six to
seven drug deliveries with the second accused using the Motorcycle. The first
accused explained that the drugs would be placed in the Motorcycle, but that
he did not know who placed the drugs in the Motorcycle, or when they did so.
Whenever a delivery was to be made, Raja or one of his men would call the
accused persons to inform them that the drugs had been placed in the
Motorcycle for delivery.

21 On 27 August 2012, the accused persons left Malaysia for Singapore on the
Motorcycle, with the knowledge that the drugs were concealed inside the
Motorcycle. Upon clearing the Woodlands Checkpoint, the first accused called
Raja to inform him that they had reached Singapore. They then went to work.
After they had finished work for the day, the first accused contacted Raja,
who instructed them to take the drugs out of the Motorcycle, and to wait for a
call for details on the delivery of the drugs.

22 Accordingly, the accused persons retrieved three bundles of drugs from
within the body of the Motorcycle. Following further instructions, they
proceeded to Block 230 Yishun Street 21, delivered one bundle of drugs to the
three men at the staircase landing, and collected $2,500 in exchange.
Thereafter, they left. The other two bundles of drugs were also meant for
delivery, and they were “supposed to call Raja back and find out where to go
to do the next delivery”. Shortly after, they were arrested at Block 221
Yishun Street 21.

23 In the second long statement recorded on 2 September 2012, the first
accused reiterated that they were “threatened into doing the drug deliveries
by Raja”, and were warned by Raja or his men “not to meddle with the drugs or
open up to check”. The first accused also claimed that he has not been
involved in drugs, and has not consumed drugs before whilst in Malaysia.

Statements made by the second accused

24 The Prosecution also relied on six statements made by the second accused,
including, the two statements taken by W/SSgst Norizan (see [4] and [6] above
which will be referred to as the “oral statement” and “contemporaneous
statement” respectively). Further, the Prosecution adduced a statement
recorded by IO Sim under s 23 of the CPC on 28 August 2012 (“the cautioned
statement”), and three statements on 30 August, 1 September 2012 and 13
February 2013 respectively (each of which is to be referred to as a “long
statement”, and two or more as “long statements”). The first two long
statements were taken by IO Sim, while the third long statement was recorded
by Insp Sim. Like the first accused, the second accused did not challenge the
admissibility of any of these statements. I set out the salient portions of
each of these statements, save for the contents of the third long statement
recorded on 13 February 2013 which I shall deal with at [52].

25 In the oral statement, the second accused said that he would like to
surrender his “bag” which contained two bundles of “drugs”, as well as money
amounting to about “two thousand plus”. In the contemporaneous statement, the
second accused stated that he used the bag together with the first accused.
There were drugs in the two bundles in the bag, which he was supposed “to give
people”. He did not know “what is it [_ie_ , _the drugs_] called”. He admitted
to sending drugs to people on “three” occasions. In the cautioned statement,
he further admitted to the charge, explaining that he was “in desperate need
of money”.

26 In the first long statement recorded on 30 August 2012, the second accused
described how Raja had befriended them and offered them a job of delivering
“food”. Specifically, he stated:

13 Both [the first accused] and I decided to deliver drugs _because we were
facing poverty and were in financial difficulties_. Both of us had been
jobless since June 2012. … Sometime in early July 2012, both of us met Raja at
a gaming shop … We started chatting and he asked where we were staying and
working. We then told him that we had been jobless for more than a month and
is finding it very difficult to sustain ourselves as we had no money for food.
Raja then gave us 50 ringgit and asked us to have food. Raja further told us
that there was a job available and if we can do it, _we can earn lots of
money._ When we asked him what the job was about, Raja told us that we have to
bring some food to Singapore and deliver it to people. _At that time, both
[the first accused] and I did not know what Raja meant by food and we did not
ask him_.

14 Two days later, Raja called to find out whether we were prepared to do the
job. … _I then asked Raja why should he pay money for delivery [of] food to
Singapore and I asked him what he meant by food. Raja then explained that
delivering food meant delivering drugs_. … _Initially, both [the first
accused] and I did not want to do the job and we told Raja that we were scared
to do. Raja then assured us that we need not worry about it and that he would
take care of everything._ Both of us then agreed to do the job. [emphasis
added]

27 According to the second accused, the first accused and he had made two
deliveries in July 2012, using a motorcycle supplied by Raja. Prior to the
arrest in August 2012, they had made about six deliveries. On 27 August 2012,
the accused persons rode the Motorcycle to work in Singapore, with three
bundles of drugs concealed in the Motorcycle. After they had finished work,
they retrieved the bundles of drugs from the Motorcycle, and placed them in
the black haversack. They knew that they were to deliver the bundles of drugs,
but they “d[id] not know what type of drugs they were”. Upon receiving
instructions, they proceeded to Block 230 Yishun Street 21, delivered one
bundle of drugs and collected the sum of $2,500. They were arrested shortly
thereafter.

28 In his second long statement dated 1 September 2012, the second accused
explained that after commencing work at Senoko Way in Singapore, they did not
wish to continue delivering drugs for Raja. However, Raja said they had to
continue, and that they could not leave after only doing one delivery job. He
threatened the accused persons by saying that he would send men to beat them
up and that he would “cause trouble” to their family members. Raja also
instructed them not to inform anyone about the deliveries and “threatened that
he would harm [them] if he [came] to know about it”. Thus, they did not tell
their family members.

29 When they gave Raja the excuse that they did not have a motorcycle so to
get out of the job, Raja paid the deposit for the Motorcycle, and made them
pay the instalment payments. The accused persons had accomplished four
deliveries in August 2012 using the Motorcycle, prior to being arrested on the
fifth delivery. Apart from these dealings, the second accused said he has not
dealt with drugs in Malaysia, and has not consumed drugs before. Raja also
rented a house in which the accused persons stayed, and made them pay RM200
per month to stay there.

Close of the Prosecution’s case

30 At the close of the Prosecution’s case, I found that the Prosecution had
made out a _prima facie_ case on the respective charges against the first and
second accused. I called for the defence. Both elected to give evidence.

The first accused’s defence

31 Counsel for the first accused, Mr Eugene Thuraisingam (“Mr Thuraisingam”),
stated that the first accused was relying on the contents of his statements.
Accordingly, there was no further need to introduce the facts by way of
evidence-in-chief. Thus, the examination-in-chief of the first accused was a
brief affair. In the main, the first accused stated that before he met Raja,
he did not have any involvement in drugs. He had not consumed drugs before. In
fact, he has not even seen drugs, in particular diamorphine, prior to his
arrest. Therefore, he did not know what heroin (the street name for
diamorphine) looked like before his arrest.

32 In cross-examination, the first accused accepted that he was in possession
of the two black bundles found in the haversack which the second accused was
carrying at the time of the arrest. They were waiting for instructions to
deliver them. The first accused also stated that while he knew he was supposed
to deliver drugs, he did not know what type of drugs he was to deliver. He
took up the job because he needed the money. In respect of the inquiries the
first accused tried to make as to the type of drug he was transporting, his
evidence in cross-examination was as follows:

Q:…when Raja first offered you the job, you already knew that by “food”, he
actually meant drugs, right?

A: _I had a suspicion that it may be drugs._

Q:Okay. Yes, and that’s why both you and [the second accused] were scared to
do it at first, right?

A:Yes, Your Honour.

Q:Because you know that delivering drugs is dangerous, isn’t it?

A:Yes, Your Honour.

Q:So you suspected that “food” actually meant drugs. You didn’t ask---or
rather, did you ask Raja at this point, when he was offering you the job, what
the type of drugs it was?

A:We asked, but he asked us not to ask questions.

Q:Okay. After he gave you that answer, did you try to further find out what
type of drugs it was?

A:No, Your Honour.

…

Q:And before you entered Singapore on the 27th of August, that was the day you
were arrested, all right, did you at any point in time try to further find out
what type of drugs you were delivering?

A:No, Your Honour.

[emphasis added]

33 The first accused also agreed with the Prosecution that although he did not
know what type of drug he was to deliver, he was still willing to do so:

Q:Okay. And you were still willing to deliver the drugs for [Raja] even though
you didn’t know what type of drugs it was, right?

A:Yes, Your Honour.

Q:And that is because---would you agree that you actually didn’t care what
type of drugs it was?

A:Yes, Your Honour.

Q:And that was because you needed the money, that’s why you agreed to do the
job, right?

A:Yes, Your Honour.

34 The first accused testified that Raja threatened them. Raja said that he
knew where his parents stay in Penang. In relation to the second accused’s
elder sister and her family who live in Johor Bahru, Raja said that “ _they
won’t be alive_ ” [emphasis added]. While living in Raja’s house, they needed
permission to leave home. Raja also said that he has “men” in Singapore. Once
when they were in Singapore, they had a tyre puncture and stopped by the road
to check the tyre. At that point, Raja called to ask what they were doing.
Although he has not seen them before, he believed Raja has “men” in Singapore.
Raja has shown him a video clip in which Raja and others were beating someone
up. Raja also scolded them often. However, the first accused also agreed that
on 27 August 2012, after they left the house to come to Singapore to work,
they were out of Raja’s reach.

35 In re-examination, the first accused testified that before his arrest, he
did not know much about drugs. Specifically, he did not know the different
names of types of drugs, or that some drugs were more dangerous than others.
He did not know that there were different consequences for bringing different
kinds of drugs into Singapore.

The second accused’s defence

36 In his examination-in-chief, the second accused gave the following account.
The second accused moved from Penang to Johor Bahru about a year before his
arrest. In a game shop in Johor Bahru, Raja approached the accused persons,
and initiated a conversation. The second accused informed Raja that he was
jobless and facing financial difficulties. Shortly afterwards, Raja offered
the second accused a delivery job which, in view of his financial
difficulties, he agreed to. The second accused testified that at the time of
the first delivery, he did not know what he was required to deliver, as this
was hidden in the motorcycle which he was to ride into Singapore.

37 The second accused stated that after the first delivery, he did not want to
do further deliveries. However, Raja “scolded and threatened” him, and said
that he would “beat them and kill them”. By “them”, Raja was referring to his
elder sister and her family. The second accused believed that the threats of
harm and death to his elder sister were real as Raja was able to tell the
second accused where his elder sister resided. Raja also showed him a video
clip in which Raja was beating someone up with a group of people. The second
accused also explained that at the material time, he was living in Raja’s
house because Raja told him to stay there. There, he lacked freedom of
movement. He explained that he and the first accused tried to “run to Penang”
but were prevented by Raja’s men from doing so. Raja’s men told them that they
had to stay, and could not go anywhere. The second accused could not confirm
how many prior deliveries they had completed before they were arrested. His
answers varied from one to three prior occasions.

38 The second accused was referred to para 14 of his first long statement of
30 August 2012 (set out at [26] above), where he stated that in July 2012,
when Raja told him that he was delivering “food” in Singapore, he knew that he
was in fact delivering drugs. The second accused accepted this, except that he
maintained that he did not know the type of drug which he was delivering. The
second accused further testified that he has not consumed any illicit drugs
before. He has not seen any illicit drugs, such as heroin, before his arrest,
and hence did not know what heroin looked like before his arrest. He also did
not know what the punishment for dealing with drugs is in Singapore.

39 In cross-examination, the second accused stated that had tried to ask Raja
what type of drugs was in the two bundles, and was told that the bundles
contained “food”. After this, he did not inquire further as he was “scared to
try”. The second accused maintained that he did not know the type of drug that
was in the two black bundles which were in his possession. In this connection,
the second accused testified in cross-examination as follows:

Q:…you didn’t know the different type of drugs, right?

A:Yes, Your Honour.

Q:So whatever drugs it was, you would still have brought it into Singapore on
the 27th of August, right?

A:Yes, Your Honour.

40 While the second accused did the first delivery of drugs for money, he made
the subsequent deliveries of drugs because he was “threatened using his elder
sister”. He did not want harm to come to his elder sister. He admitted to
being in possession of the two bundles of drugs in the haversack at the time
of his arrest, and that they were meant to be delivered to other persons.

The legal provisions

41 The first and second accused were charged with trafficking under s
5(1)(_a_) read with s 5(2) of the MDA and s 34 of the Penal Code. Sections
5(1)(_a_) and 5(2) of the MDA provide:

**Trafficking in controlled drugs**

**5.** —(1) Except as authorised by this Act, it shall be an offence for a
person, on his own behalf or on behalf of any other person, whether or not
that other person is in Singapore —

(_a_) to traffic in a controlled drug;

…

(2) For the purposes of this Act, a person commits the offence of trafficking
in a controlled drug if he has in his possession that drug for the purpose of
trafficking.

Under s 2 of the MDA, “traffic” is defined as:

**Interpretation**

…

(_a_) to sell, give, administer, transport, send, deliver or distribute; or

(_b_) to offer to do anything mentioned in paragraph (_a_),

otherwise than under the authority of this Act, and “trafficking” has a
corresponding meaning[.]

42 Section 18 of the MDA contains presumptions regarding the possession and
knowledge of controlled drugs. The relevant sub-sections of s 18 read:

**Presumption of possession and knowledge of controlled drugs**

**18.** —(1) Any person who is proved to have had in his possession or custody
or under his control —

(_a_) anything containing a controlled drug;

…

shall, until the contrary is proved, be presumed to have had that drug in his
possession.

(2) Any person who is proved or presumed to have had a controlled drug in his
possession shall, until the contrary is proved, be presumed to have known the
nature of that drug.

…

(4) Where one of 2 or more persons with the knowledge and consent of the rest
has any controlled drug in his possession, it shall be deemed to be in the
possession of each and all of them.

43 For completeness, s 34 of the Penal Code provides:

**Each of several persons liable for an act done by all, in like manner as if
done by him alone**

**34.** When a criminal act is done by several persons, in furtherance of the
common intention of all, each of such persons is liable for that act in the
same manner as if the act were done by him alone.

44 Accordingly, before an accused may be convicted for the offence of
trafficking under s 5(1)(_a_) read with s 5(2) of the MDA and s 34 of the
Penal Code, the accused must have in his possession a controlled drug for the
purpose of trafficking in furtherance of the common intention of himself and a
co-accused to do so. Next, each accused must know the nature of the drug in
his possession. With regard to the latter, the Court of Appeal has held in
_Nagaenthran a/l K Dharmalingam v Public Prosecutor_ [2011] 4 SLR 1156 (“
_Nagaenthran_ ”) that the “nature” of the controlled drug under s 18(2) refers
to the _actual controlled drug_ (at [24]; see also _Tan Kiam Peng v PP_ [2008]
1 SLR(R) 1 (“ _Tan Kiam Peng v PP_ ”) at [95])).

The parties’ closing submissions

Prosecution’s closing submissions

45 According to the Prosecution, it is not disputed that the accused persons
were in possession of the two bundles of drugs containing diamorphine, and
that they were in possession of this for the purposes of trafficking by
delivery. More importantly, the Prosecution submits that the accused persons
have not rebutted the presumption of knowledge under s 18(2) of the MDA which
the Prosecution relies on. To summarise, the accused persons knew that they
were carrying drugs which were highly valuable. However, they made minimal
effort to find out the type of drugs they were carrying. Essentially, the
accused persons did not care about the specific type of drugs they were
carrying. Further, the accused persons were only concerned about being paid
for the deliveries. Hence, the Prosecution contends that the accused persons
have failed to prove on a balance of probabilities that they did not know or
could not reasonably be expected to have known that the two bundles of drugs
contained diamorphine. The Prosecution also argues that the accused persons
were not acting under duress at the material time, so as to be able to avail
themselves of the defence within s 94 of the Penal Code.

The first accused’s closing submissions

46 Mr Thuraisingam submits that the heart of the issue in the present case is
whether the first accused has rebutted, on a balance of probabilities, the
presumption of knowledge under s 18(2) of the MDA. Mr Thuraisingam submits
that the first accused has rebutted the presumption for these reasons:

(a) The first accused did not know, at the time of the offence, that different
types of drugs existed, and did not know the type of drugs they were
delivering. It thus follows that the first accused could not have known that
he was in possession of, specifically, diamorphine.

(b) The first accused was a truthful and credible witness. He was also fully
cooperative during investigations. Further, as assessed by the Institute of
Mental Health (“IMH”), the first accused has an intelligence quotient of
“borderline to low average range of functioning”. The first accused was of a
simple and meek nature. Given the first accused’s consistent denial of the
knowledge of the exact nature of the drugs in his statements and in court,
there is no reason to reject the first accused’s testimony that he did not
know the exact nature of the drugs.

(c) Also, the first accused was not wilfully blind to the fact that the two
black bundles contained diamorphine. Wilful blindness is only established by
showing that the inference of knowledge is _irresistible_ and is the only
rational inference available on the facts. When the first accused attempted to
find out from Raja the type of drug he was transporting, Raja threatened him.
As the first accused admitted that he was out of Raja’s reach when he entered
Singapore on 27 August 2012, such threats do not constitute the defence of
duress. Nonetheless, in the light of the threats, the failure to inquire
further was not a deliberate refusal to inquire in order to avoid confirming
the suspicion that the bundles contained diamorphine.

(d) Additionally, it would be artificial to require the first accused to take
further steps to ascertain the nature of the drugs given the first accused’s
lack of knowledge about drugs generally. Thus, it would have been pointless
for the first accused to inquire further, since he did not even know what
diamorphine was to begin with.

47 Separately, Mr Thuraisingam also submits that the first accused’s third
long statement recorded on 13 February 2013 is inadmissible as it was made
“without prejudice”, or alternatively, that no weight should be placed on it
in assessing the first accused’s credibility.

The second accused’s closing submissions

48 Counsel for the second accused, Mr Amolat Singh (“Mr Amolat”), also submits
that the second accused did not have actual knowledge at the material time
when he was arrested that the drugs in his possession specifically contained
diamorphine. Mr Amolat points to the second accused’s consistent testimony
that he did not know the nature of drugs in his possession. This consistent
testimony is further strengthened by the evidence of the CNB officers that the
second accused “was being truthful”, “upfront” and “was not evasive”. Mr
Amolat also submits that it is significant that neither the Prosecution nor
the Prosecution’s witnesses have disputed that the second accused is not a
drug user, that he was not involved in the packing of the drugs into the two
black bundles and subsequently concealing it in the Motorcycle, and that his
role was limited to that of a courier.

49 It is further argued that the second accused was not wilfully blind. The
second accused’s state of mind was that he did not know anything about drugs,
and that he did not know the different type of drugs. Mr Amolat submits that
this is incompatible with wilful blindness, as wilful blindness presupposes a
deliberate decision on the part of the accused to avoid confirming facts which
he had cognisance of and had good reason to believe. Since the second accused
did not have cognisance of the different type of drugs, it does not matter
whether the second accused sought to find out the type of drug he was
carrying. It would not have made a difference if the second accused had opened
up the two bundles since he would not have been able to identify the substance
inside – it would still be drugs to him and nothing more.

50 Lastly, Mr Amolat submits that the evidence shows that the second accused
delivered the drugs under duress.

The issues

51 The main dispute in the present case revolves around the presumption of
knowledge under s 18(2) of the MDA, and whether the accused persons have
rebutted the presumption on a balance of probabilities. Two further issues
have been raised, namely (i) whether the second accused has proved on a
balance of probabilities that he committed the offence under duress; and (ii)
whether the first accused’s third long statement recorded on 13 February 2013
is inadmissible as being “without prejudice” communication. Before delving
into these issues, I will briefly address the question of whether the accused
persons were in possession of two bundles of diamorphine, and if so, whether
the possession was for the purpose of trafficking in furtherance of the common
intention of both of them.

Whether the accused persons were in possession of the two bundles of
diamorphine for the purposes of trafficking

52 Although the first and second accused had indicated to Insp Sim in their
respective third long statements dated 13 February 2013 that they should be
charged for trafficking in one bundle of drugs each, instead of both bundles
of drugs, neither accused person challenged during trial or closing
submissions that they were jointly in possession of both bundles of drugs at
the time of their arrest. In fact, both the first and second accused accepted
under cross-examination that they were both in possession of the two black
bundles found in the haversack upon arrest. Both the first and second accused
also accepted under cross-examination that at the time of their arrest, they
were waiting for instructions regarding the delivery of the two bundles of
drugs, and that if they had not been placed under arrest, they would have gone
on to deliver the bundles as instructed (see [32] and [40]). These were also
broadly their positions in their respective oral, contemporaneous, first and
second long statements. Thus, I am satisfied that the Prosecution has proved
beyond reasonable doubt that both accused persons were in possession of the
two bundles of drugs containing not less than 26.21g of diamorphine for the
purpose of trafficking in furtherance of their common intention to do so.

Whether the accused persons have rebutted the presumption of knowledge under s
18(2) of the MDA

Actual knowledge, wilful blindness and the presumption of knowledge

53 Turning to the _mens rea_ of the offence, I begin by considering the
relationship between actual knowledge, wilful blindness, and the presumption
of knowledge under s 18(2) of the MDA. It is not disputed that the Prosecution
may rely on any of these three to make out the _mens rea_ element of the
offence of trafficking. As stated above at [44], an accused’s knowledge must
relate to the _nature_ of the drug, being the _actual controlled drug_.

54 Thus, if the Prosecution seeks to show that an accused had _actual
knowledge_ , the Prosecution must prove _beyond reasonable doubt_ that the
accused had actual knowledge of the nature of the drug in his or her
possession. Alternatively, the Prosecution may also rely on the doctrine of
wilful blindness. As has been stated in a number of judgments, wilful
blindness is the legal equivalent of actual knowledge (see _Muhammad Ridzuan
bin Md Ali v PP_ [2014] 3 SLR 721 (“ _Muhammad Ridzuan_ ”) at [76]). In
_Nagaenthran_ , the Court of Appeal explained the concept of wilful blindness
(at [30]):

Wilful blindness (or “Nelsonian blindness”) is merely “lawyer-speak” for
_actual knowledge_ that is _inferred_ from the circumstances of the case. It
is an indirect way to prove actual knowledge; _ie_ , actual knowledge is
proved because the inference of knowledge is _irresistible_ and is the _only
rational inference_ available _on the facts_ (see _Pereira v Director of
Public Prosecutions_ (1988) 63 ALJR 1 at 3). It is a subjective concept, in
that the extent of knowledge in question is the knowledge of the _accused_ and
not that which might be postulated of a hypothetical person in the position of
the accused (although this last-mentioned point may not be an irrelevant
consideration) (_ibid_). Wilful blindness is not negligence or an inadvertent
failure of make inquiries. It refers to the blindness of a person to facts
which, in the relevant context, he _deliberately refuses_ to inquire into.
Such failure to inquire may sustain an inference of knowledge of the actual or
likely existence of the relevant drug. **It must also be emphasised that where
the Prosecution seeks to rely on actual knowledge in the form of wilful
blindness, the alleged wilful blindness must be proved**** _beyond a
reasonable doubt_**. [emphasis in original in italics; emphasis added in bold]

Therefore, if wilful blindness has been proved by the Prosecution _beyond a
reasonable doubt_ , the Prosecution need not rely on the presumption of
knowledge under s 18(2) of the MDA.

55 If the Prosecution chooses to rely on s 18(2) of the MDA instead, the
burden is placed on an accused instead to prove, _on a balance of
probabilities_ , that he or she did not know or could not reasonably be
expected to have known, the nature of the controlled drug found in his or her
possession (see _Dinesh Pillai a/l Raja Retnam v PP_ [2012] 2 SLR 903 (“
_Dinesh Pillai_ ”) at [18]). In this regard, the Court of Appeal in _Muhammad
Ridzuan_ has recently summarised the law as follows (at [75]):

In order to rebut the presumption of knowledge under s 18(2) of the MDA, an
accused person has to adduce sufficient evidence to demonstrate, on a balance
of probabilities, that he or she did not know the nature of the drug, _ie_ ,
the actual controlled drug proven or presumed to be in the accused person’s
possession … . In _Dinesh Pillai_ , this court further refined the principles
applicable to the rebuttal of the presumption of knowledge (at [18]):

… As s 18(2) has been triggered in the present case, the appellant bears the
burden of proving on a balance of probabilities that he did not know _or could
not reasonably be expected to have known_ the nature of the controlled drug
that was found inside the Brown Packet. … [emphasis added]

The court in _Dinesh Pillai_ accepted that an accused (here, Ridzuan) would
not be able to rebut the presumption by a mere assertion of his lack of
knowledge had he been wilfully blind as to the nature of the drugs.

56 In _Dinesh Pillai_ , the accused was asked by one “Raja” to deliver “food”
wrapped in brown packets to Singapore. The accused claimed that when he had
asked about the contents of the brown packet, he was simply told that it was a
“secret”. The accused admitted that he did not ascertain the contents of the
brown packet despite having a suspicion that it did not contain food. The
Court of Appeal held that an accused will not be able to rebut the presumption
of knowledge under s 18(2) of the MDA if the accused made no effort to find
out what he was bringing into Singapore in circumstances that would have
alerted a reasonable person that he was being asked to do something illegal
(see also _Dinesh Pillai a/l K Raja Retnam v Public Prosecutor_ [2012] 4 SLR
772 at [11]).

57 Notably, the Court of Appeal stated in _Dinesh Pillai_ at [21] that:

In our view, the appellant has failed to rebut the s 18(2) MDA presumption on
a balance of probabilities because he turned a blind eye to what the Brown
Packet contained despite suspecting that it contained something illegal. …
**_In using the expression “turning a blind eye” in this context, we do not
mean to say that the appellant had actual knowledge that the Brown Packet
contained diamorphine._**_In the context of s 18(2) of the MDA, it is not
necessary for the Prosecution to prove wilful blindness as a means of proving
actual knowledge on the appellant’s part of the nature of the controlled drug
in the Brown Packet as the Prosecution has no such burden._ Instead, it is for
the appellant to prove on a balance of probabilities that he did not know or
could not reasonably be expected to have known that the Brown Packet contained
diamorphine. In our view, the appellant has failed to rebut the s 18(2) MDA
presumption by his mere general assertions that he did not know what was in
the Brown Packet as: (a) the nature of the controlled drug in that packet
could easily have been determined by simply opening the packet; and (b) there
was no evidence to show that it was not reasonably expected of him, in the
circumstances, to open the packet to see what was in it. _In short, the
appellant has failed to prove the contrary of what s 18(2) of the MDA presumes
in the present case as he neglected or refused to take reasonable steps to
find out what he was asked to deliver to Ah Boy on 19 December 2009 in
circumstances where_** _a reasonable person having the suspicions that he
had_** _would have taken steps to find out_ (_viz_ , by simply opening the
Brown Packet to see what was in it). [emphasis added in italics and in bold
italics]

It may be seen from this extract that the Court of Appeal in _Dinesh Pillai_
did not find that the accused was “wilfully blind” in the legal sense (_ie_ ,
as the legal equivalent of actual knowledge). Rather, the Court of Appeal was
of the view that _because the accused had turned a blind eye_ to the contents
of the “Brown Packet”, he failed to prove _on a balance of probabilities_ the
contrary of what s 18(2) of the MDA presumes.

58 Admittedly, there will often be many similarities and overlapping
considerations between the issue of wilful blindness, and the issue of whether
an accused could reasonably be expected to have known the nature of the drug
in his or her possession. However, I reiterate the crucial differences between
the two matters. I do so because in the closing submissions, both defence
counsel have focused on the former, and not fully addressed the latter. Wilful
blindness, as “lawyer-speak” for actual knowledge inferred from the
circumstances, must be proved by the Prosecution _beyond a reasonable doubt_.
As stated in _Nagaenthran_ at [30], a finding of wilful blindness must be “an
irresistible inference” and “the only rational inference available on the
facts”. Furthermore, a decision not to make specific inquiries must be a
_deliberate_ one and assessed subjectively. In contrast, to rebut the
presumption under s 18(2) of the MDA, the accused bears the burden of showing
that _on a balance of probabilities_ he or she did not know or _could not
reasonably be expected to have known_ the nature of the drug in his or her
possession. As stated in _Dinesh Pillai_ at [21], this depends on whether in
the circumstances, _a reasonable person having the same suspicions as the
accused_ would have taken steps to find out its nature. In other words, the
accused’s conduct is measured against that of a _reasonable person_ in his or
her shoes. With that, I turn to analyse the evidence and set out my findings
in relation to the first and second accused respectively.

Findings with respect to the first accused

59 I note that the first accused has consistently maintained that while he
knew that the two bundles contained drugs, he did not know the exact type of
drugs he was transporting. He is not a drug user. Also, he is certified by IMH
as having “borderline to low average” intelligence. In cross-examination by Mr
Thuraisingam, W/SSgt Norizan agreed that both accused persons were “co-
operative” and “came clean and admitted that there were drugs in the bag”.
Similarly, IO Sim also agreed with Mr Thuraisingam that there was no reason to
disbelieve the first accused’s evidence that he did not know the type of drug
he was transporting. Given the above, I accept that there is _a reasonable
doubt_ as to whether the first accused knew or was wilfully blind to the
nature of the drugs that he was trafficking. However, the crucial question is
whether the presumption under s 18(2) of the MDA has been rebutted on a
balance of probabilities by the first accused.

60 I begin by considering the first accused’s knowledge of drugs and drug
dealings at the material time. When Raja first approached the first accused
with the job, the first accused already suspected that it had something to do
with the delivery of drugs. This was despite Raja not giving the first accused
any details about the job at that time, except to say that it would be
dangerous (see para 17 of the first accused’s first long statement dated 31
August 2012 reproduced at [18] above). The fact that the first accused
suspected that the job which Raja was offering him involved the delivery of
drugs only on the basis that the job was a “dangerous” one shows that from the
outset, he was not as innocent and naïve about drugs and drug dealings as
claimed.

61 Secondly, the first accused asserted that prior to meeting Raja, he did not
have any involvement in drugs. That may well be so. However, what is critical
is that after meeting Raja, the first accused has been delivering drugs for
about two months. In his first long statement of 31 August 2012, the first
accused admitted to about six to seven deliveries of drugs using the
Motorcycle (see [20] above). The first accused collected substantial amounts
from persons they delivered the drugs to, and would have known that the drugs
were valuable. He was told by Raja that he could earn a lot of money from the
dangerous job (see [18] above).

62 Thirdly, while the first accused denied knowledge that there were different
consequences for dealing with different types of drugs, what is more telling
is that the first accused clearly knew that drugs were illicit items. In his
oral statement, when asked whether he had anything to surrender, the first
accused confessed that there were two packets of drugs in the black haversack
(see [16] above). He also knew that the drugs had to be concealed in the
Motorcycle before the trips into Singapore. It is plain from these facts that
the first accused knew that, in delivering drugs, he was involved in illegal
transactions.

63 More importantly, contrary to the submission of Mr Thuraisingam, I find
that an irresistible inference to be drawn is that the first accused clearly
_knew_ that different types of drugs existed. In his contemporaneous
statement, he said that he knew that the bundles contained drugs, but did not
know “ _what drugs_ ” (see [16] above). In para 18 of his first long statement
recorded on 31 August 2012, again, he said he did not know _what type of
drugs_ they were (see [18] above). In cross-examination, the first accused
also gave evidence that he had tried to ask Raja what type of drugs he was to
deliver, but Raja had told him not to ask questions and simply do the delivery
(see the extracts quoted above at [32]–[33]). The very fact that the first
accused was able to ask Raja what _type_ of drug he was to carry into
Singapore, and also state that he did not know “what drugs” he was in
possession of reveal that in the first place, the first accused had knowledge
that different types of drugs existed.

64 From the analysis above, the picture that emerges is that the first accused
knew that delivering drugs is dangerous, that drugs are illegal, that the
drugs are worth substantial amounts, that he would be paid well for the
deliveries and that there are different types of drugs. I am not persuaded
that the first accused was as ignorant of drugs and dealings in drugs as
claimed.

65 Given such knowledge of the first accused, I turn to consider what _a
reasonable person_ in his shoes would have done to find out the nature of the
drugs. It bears reminding that in his first long statement recorded on 31
August 2012, the first accused stated that he was initially afraid to do the
job, and only agreed to do so after Raja’s assurances that he would “take care
of everything” (see [18] above). In cross-examination, he testified that he
had tried to find out the nature of the drugs from Raja, but was simply told
not to ask questions. Besides the above, there is no evidence of any other
checks or inquiries made by the first accused.

66 In this regard, Mr Thuraisingam’s submission is that the lack of further
inquiries must be viewed in the light of the first accused’s “borderline to
low average” intelligence, as well as the threats which Raja made about the
second accused’s family. Although Mr Thuraisingam accepts that the threats do
not constitute the defence of duress, he argues that the threats show that the
first accused’s failure to make further inquiries did not constitute wilful
blindness. Further, Mr Thuraisingam points out that it would be artificial to
require the first accused to take further steps to check on the nature of the
drugs. The first accused has never seen drugs or diamorphine before, and has
not even heard of diamorphine.

67 In my opinion, the inquiries made by the first accused of Raja fell far
short of what would be expected of a reasonable person. Unlike the accused in
_Khor Soon Lee v Public Prosecutor_ [2011] 3 SLR 201 (“ _Khor Soon Lee_ ”) (a
case referred to by parties) who sought assurances from a dealer whom he had
“a close and personal relationship” with, the first accused admitted under
cross-examination that he had no reason to trust Raja. In fact, in light of
Raja’s threats and his alleged refusal to disclose the nature of the drugs, I
find that there is no basis for the first accused to rely on Raja’s
assurances. It was incumbent on the first accused to make the appropriate
inquiries.

68 I observe that the first accused might have had at least one possible
avenue to seek information about the nature of drugs he was dealing with, the
different types of drugs and the consequences of transporting such different
types of drugs into Singapore. Given that he was working in Singapore, the
first accused might have approached his colleagues or persons whom he came
into contact with at his workplace. He had been employed for about a month
before his arrest. I am not satisfied that, on a balance of probabilities, the
_only_ means of finding out more information about the drugs was through Raja.

69 I further observe that the first accused had more than ample time and
opportunity to make such inquiries. It was not disputed that the accused
persons were arrested after various trips to deliver drugs to Singapore. In
fact, the first accused was only arrested at the end of his workday on 27
August 2012. While there appeared to be threats and intimidation by Raja, the
first accused admitted that he was out of Raja’s reach when he went to work on
27 August 2012. Up to the day of the arrest, the first accused could have
taken steps to ascertain the nature of the drugs.

70 As for the first accused’s evidence that he has not seen drugs or
diamorphine before, I note that the first accused testified under cross-
examination that he could have opened packaging of the bundles to inspect its
contents, but did not do so:

Q:… These are two black bundles found in the haversack. Would you agree—well,
these are taped---two plastic bags---bundles which are wrapped around with a
black plastic bag, okay? Would you agree with me that you could have opened
these bundles if you had wanted to?

A:Yes, Your Honour.

Q:But you didn’t, right.

A:Yes, Your Honour.

Mr Thuraisingam submits that the MDA does not impose a “positive duty” on an
accused person to inspect and determine what he or she is in possession of.
That may well be so. However, I am not convinced that it advances the first
accused’s defence to say that he has not seen drugs or diamorphine before when
it was his _deliberate_ decision not to open up the packages so as to check on
such drugs or diamorphine, or to make any other inquiries.

71 On all the surrounding facts and circumstances, I find that a reasonable
person in the shoes of the first accused would have grave suspicions about the
nature of the drugs which he was being asked to deliver, and would have taken
steps to inquire further. In the face of Raja’s threats and alleged secrecy, a
reasonable person would not have merely relied on Raja’s assurances alone. In
assessing the evidence, I am mindful that the first accused is of an
intelligent quotient of “borderline to low average range of functioning”.
Nonetheless, with what the first accused already knew of the transactions he
was involved in, it is evident to me he was not incapable of making further
inquiries about the nature of the drugs, and the possible consequences for
carrying the drugs. I am unable to agree with Mr Thuraisingam’s contention
that it was “artificial” to expect him to do so. Moreover, there was no
evidence that he even _attempted_ to do so.

72 In failing to check further despite having more than sufficient time and
opportunity to do so, the first accused effectively turned a blind eye to the
nature of the drugs. Indeed, the first accused’s evidence under cross-
examination was that he “did not care” about the type of drugs he was being
asked to transport, and that he agreed to do the job for Raja for money. While
threats and intimidation by Raja were mentioned in his various statements, he
also alluded to the fact that he was motivated to deliver drugs for the money.
Accordingly, I find that the first accused has not proved on a balance of
probabilities that he could not reasonably be expected to have known the
nature of the drugs found in his possession. He has failed to rebut the
presumption of knowledge under s 18(2) of the MDA.

Findings with respect to the second accused

73 Like the first accused, the second accused’s consistent position was that
he did not know the type of drugs he was transporting. It is also not disputed
that he is not a drug user. Once again, I accept that the Prosecution has not
proved beyond reasonable doubt that the second accused knew or was wilfully
blind to the nature of drug that he was trafficking.

74 I turn to consider whether the second accused has rebutted on a balance of
probabilities the presumption within s 18(2) of the MDA. Similarly, my
evaluation starts with what the second accused knew. Firstly, when told that
he would be paid “lots of money” for the delivery of “food”, the second
accused suspected that something was amiss. This prompted him to question Raja
further, which led to his discovery that by “food”, Raja actually meant drugs
(see the extracts of the second accused’s first long statement dated 30 August
2012 quoted above at [26]). From the outset, the second accused knew that he
was being asked to deliver drugs for substantial monetary rewards.

75 Next, from the same extracts of his first long statement dated 30 August
2012, the second accused stated that when he found out that “food” in fact
meant drugs, “both [the first accused] and I did not want to do the job and we
told Raja we were scared to do [it]”. Therefore, the second accused knew that
it was a dangerous activity. Further, he also knew that the undertaking was an
illegal one. He knew that the drugs had to be concealed in the Motorcycle.
When asked by W/SSgt Norizan after his arrest whether he had anything to
surrender, in his oral statement, he confessed that he had money and drugs to
surrender (see [25] above).

76 Third, although the second accused said that he has not been involved in
other drug dealings in Malaysia, the second accused has been involved in the
delivery of drugs to Singapore for about two months. In this regard, he
prevaricated on how many prior deliveries he has carried out before his
arrest. In his first long statement recorded on 30 August 2012, the first
accused said that they did two deliveries in July 2012, and then six
deliveries in August 2012 on the Motorcycle (see [27] above). In his second
long statement recorded on 1 September 2012, he said that they did four
deliveries in August 2012 on the Motorcycle. In cross-examination, he admitted
to at least a few deliveries. What is clear is that in the course of such
work, the second accused collected substantial amounts from persons they
delivered the drugs to. A sum of $2,500 was collected on the day of the arrest
for the delivery of _one_ bundle of drugs. Thus, he knew the substantial worth
of the drugs.

77 Contrary to Mr Amolat’s submission, the evidence demonstrated that the
second accused knew that different types of drugs existed. In his first long
statement recorded on 30 August 2012, he said:

4 …Both of us knew that we were going [to Block 230 Yishun] to handover the
black bundles containing drugs. However, we do not know _what type_ of drugs
they were.

…

10… [During the photograph taking session, when] the officers removed the
black plastic from the bundle, I saw that it contains a plastic packet of
brown granular substances. I know the brown granular substances were drugs but
_I do not know what type of drugs it was_. [emphasis added]

Further, in the second accused’s second long statement recorded on 1 September
2012, he explained how the drugs were placed in the motorcycle prior to the
making of the first delivery saying:

21 … Raja told us to observe how his men were placing the drugs inside the
motorcycle. I do not remember the registration number. There were about 2 or 3
of Raja’s men. [The first accused] and I then saw them placing 2 bundles of
food in the side body cover of the motorcycle. _We knew the 2 bundles of food
were actually drugs but we did not know what type of drugs they were_. …
[emphasis added]

78 Then, in cross-examination, the second accused stated that he had tried to
find out what _type_ of drug Raja asked him to deliver:

Q:Do you agree that you never asked Raja what type of drug was in the---were
you--- you were supposed to delivery?

A:I asked, Your Honour. He said it is food.

Q:Okay. You asked and he said it is food. And did you try to further find out
what type of drug it was after that?

A:I did not try but---

Q:Yes.

A:\---I was scared to try.

79 In my view, the irresistible inference to be drawn from the fact that the
second accused was able to consistently state in these statements that he did
not know what _type_ of drugs he was delivering is that he was aware that
there are different types of drugs. Similarly, given that he tried to find out
from Raja the type of drugs he was delivering indicated that he knew that
different types of drugs existed. I note at this juncture that the
Prosecution’s suggestion in its closing submission that the second accused
knew that different type of drugs existed is at odds with the cross-
examination of the second accused. Pertinent portions of the cross-examination
have been set out above at [39]. In summary, the Prosecution asked the second
accused if he “didn’t know the different type of drugs” and the second accused
agreed that he did not know. It is unsatisfactory for the Prosecution to have
cross-examined the second accused on the basis that he “didn’t know the
different type of drugs” and yet suggest in its closing submissions that the
second accused knew that different types of drugs existed. However, in
evaluating the evidence, I find that the second accused’s position that he did
not know about the different types of drugs was contradicted by his long
statements, and the other evidence in cross-examination set out above.

80 From the foregoing, at the material time, the second accused knew the
dangerous nature of the enterprise, that drugs are illegal, the substantial
worth of drugs, the fact that he would be paid “lots of money” for deliveries,
and that different kinds of drugs exist. Like the first accused, the second
accused is not quite as ignorant about drugs and the drugs trade as he
portrayed himself to be.

81 In light of such circumstances, did the second accused act as a reasonable
person in his shoes would have done? As stated in his first long statement of
30 August 2012, when he expressed reservations about taking on the job, Raja
assured the second accused that he would take care of everything (see [26]).
As stated in cross-examination, he also made one apparent attempt to find out
more about the type of drugs from Raja. In my view, these efforts were
woefully inadequate.

82 Just like the first accused, the second accused had no reason to trust
Raja. In fact, Raja allegedly threatened harm to the second accused’s elder
sister if the second accused failed to comply. The second accused also stated
in his second long statement dated 1 September 2012 that Raja had threatened
harm to him and the first accused if they revealed to anyone that they were
doing drug delivery jobs for Raja. Alarm bells should have been ringing in the
second accused’s mind as to what exactly he was dealing with, and he should
have been concerned to find out more from other sources.

83 As in the case of the first accused, the second accused might have
approached his colleagues or persons at his workplace. Further, while I
appreciate that the second accused might have been hesitant about involving
the second accused’s elder sister and her family who lived in Johor Bahru,
they remain parties which the second accused could have approached discreetly
given the dangerous nature of the transactions.

84 Furthermore, I reiterate that the accused persons were arrested after a
full day of work on 27 August 2012. Prior to the day of arrest, the second
accused had carried out a number of deliveries. Undoubtedly, there was ample
time and opportunity to make inquiries from sources other than Raja.

85 As for the nature of inquiries, the second accused could have opened up the
bundles and sought to find out the nature of drugs he was carrying with the
further information from such inspection. Knowing that there were different
types of drugs, he could have generally sought to find out more information
about the different types of drugs, and the consequences which flow from
dealing with different types of drugs. However, there was no evidence that the
second accused even _attempted_ to make any such inquiries.

86 In this regard, Mr Amolat points out that it has not been shown that the
second accused knew that diamorphine was one of the different types of drugs.
In fact, the second accused has not heard of or seen diamorphine before. I do
not accept these as points which strengthen the defence. Even if it is true
that the second accused has not seen or heard of diamorphine before, this does
not inevitably mean that he would not have discovered, upon making further
inquiries, that the drugs which Raja tasked him to deliver were diamorphine.
As I stated in relation to the first accused, the second accused can hardly
expect much weight to be placed on the fact that he has not seen or heard of
diamorphine before as it was his conscious decision not to examine the
contents of the packages, or find out about the contents.

87 I pause to comment on the credibility of the second accused. In my view, on
certain material aspects, the second accused shifted his position, and changed
his evidence in court. First, the second accused initially testified in
examination-in-chief that when he did his first drug delivery for Raja, he did
not know what he was delivering. This was contrary to the contents of his
first long statement dated 30 August 2012. When Mr Amolat referred the second
accused to the relevant portion of that statement, the second accused accepted
the position in the statement. In view of this, as stated above at [74], I do
not accept the second accused’s testimony that he did not know what he was
delivering when he did his first drug delivery for Raja. Secondly, as
discussed above at [76], the second accused was evasive about the number of
prior deliveries he had done. Thirdly, as I discuss below in relation to the
defence of duress at [96]–[97], he also sought to embellish his evidence in
relation to the nature of the threats made by Raja. I note that W/SSgt Norizan
and IO Sim expressed the view that the second accused co-operated with the CNB
officers, and was forthright and not evasive in giving his respective
statements. Be that as it may, I find that in court, the second accused has
sought to bolster his defence by tweaking his evidence.

88 In light of all the circumstances, I find that a reasonable person in the
shoes of the second accused would have deep suspicions about the nature of the
drug which he was being asked to deliver, and would have taken steps to
inquire further, especially in the face of Raja’s threats and alleged non-
disclosure. Instead, the second accused turned a blind eye to the nature of
the drug. He made no attempts to open up the bundles, to inquire about the
nature of the drugs from other persons, to find out about the different types
of drugs or the consequences of carrying different types of drugs. I am
perturbed by his evidence in cross-examination that he would have brought any
drug into Singapore on the day of his arrest (see [39]). Despite the threats
and intimidation, his main motivation appeared to have been the money he would
receive. In all these circumstances, and given that he has not been completely
forthcoming in his evidence in court, I find that the second accused has not
proved on a balance of probabilities that he could not reasonably be expected
to have known the nature of the drugs. He has failed to rebut the presumption
under s 18(2) of the MDA.

Concluding remarks

89 In closing on this issue, I discuss two cases cited by the parties. First,
I return to _Khor Soon Lee._ There, the accused had assisted in transporting
erimin, ketamine, ecstasy and ice on a significant number of occasions. He had
sought assurances from his dealer that the drugs were not diamorphine as he
was afraid of the penalty, and the dealer provided such assurances. The Court
of Appeal noted that the accused had “a close and personal relationship” with
his dealer and therefore trusted his dealer (at [25]). In the circumstances,
there was basis for him not to check the package. Next, in _Public Prosecutor
v Phuthita Somchit and another_ [2011] 3 SLR 719, the accused denied knowing
that the drug in her possession was diamorphine. Her case was that she
believed that she was transporting a “not serious drug”, and not diamorphine.
Lee Seiu Kin J found that the accused was “a witness of truth” (at [31]) and
found that the accused had a “ _genuine belief_ that the drugs she dealt with
were ‘not serious’” (at [39]) [emphasis added]. Lee J also held that the
accused’s failure to make further inquiries was a result of her trust in the
co-accused, with whom she was in a relationship with, and was not a refusal to
investigate further in order to avoid her suspicions being confirmed. These
accused persons, who knew they were dealing with drugs but believed that the
drugs in their possession were drugs _other than_ diamorphine, were found to
have rebutted the presumption under s 18(2) of the MDA.

90 In contrast to the above, the first and second accused had _no qualms_
about trafficking in _the particular drug_ which was in their possession, and
which they _knew_ that they had in their possession, regardless of the ensuing
consequences. Here, the observations by the Court of Appeal in _Tan Kiam Peng
v PP_ are apposite (at [130]):

Situations such as that which exists on the facts of the present appeal
underscore this point since the accused **already knows that he or she is
carrying controlled drugs** and surely cannot rely _merely_ on the fact that
he or she had asked for assurances that the controlled drugs concerned were
not of a nature which carried the death penalty. **If the accused chooses to
take an enormous (indeed, deadly) risk and proceed without establishing the
true nature of the drugs he or she is carrying, that constitutes, in our view,
wilful blindness.** … It is also clear that the accused has a real choice to
decide not to proceed if satisfactory answers are not forthcoming, especially
where liberty or even life is at stake. [emphasis in original in italics;
emphasis added in bold]

91 There is no evidence to show that first and second accused even _sought_
any such assurances as to the consequences for carrying the drugs. They were
content to carry whatever drugs came their way. By not seeking to verify the
nature of the drugs further, the first and second accused have run an enormous
and deadly risk. To the extent that the accused persons disregarded the
specific nature of the drugs they were carrying, their assertions that they
did not know the nature of the diamorphine in their possession are not
sufficient, on a balance of probabilities, to rebut the presumption of
knowledge under s 18(2) of the MDA.

The defence of duress

92 I now turn to the defence of duress which is provided under s 94 of the
Penal Code as follows:

**Act to which a person is compelled by threats**

**94.** Except murder and offences against the State punishable with death,
nothing is an offence which is done by a person who is compelled to do it by
threats, which, at the time of doing it, reasonably cause the apprehension
that instant death to that person or any other person will otherwise be the
consequence:

Provided that the person doing the act did not of his own accord, or from a
reasonable apprehension of harm to himself short of instant death, place
himself in the situation by which he became subject to such constraint.

[explanations omitted]

93 To establish the defence of duress, an accused must prove on a balance of
probabilities the following five ingredients (see _Public Prosecutor v Ng Pen
Tine_ [2009] SGHC 230 at [154] and _Public Prosecutor v Nagaenthran a/l K
Dharmalingam_ [2011] 2 SLR 830 (“ _PP v Nagaenthran (HC)_ ”) at [16]):

(a) the harm that the accused was threatened with was death;

(b) the threat was directed at the accused or other persons which would
include any of his family members;

(c) the threat was of “instant” death;

(d) the accused reasonably apprehended that the threat will be carried out;
and

(e) the accused had not, voluntarily or from a reasonable apprehension or harm
to himself short of instant death, placed himself in that situation.

94 In _PP v Nagaenthran (HC)_ , Chan Seng Onn J also stated:

17 … Duress under s 94 of the Penal Code must be “imminent, persistent and
extreme”, … with the word “imminent” suggesting that the threatened harm need
not be carried out immediately or within a very short time span…

…

28 … [I]n order for the defence to succeed, a threat must both be “imminent,
persistent and extreme” in its character _and_ capable of impressing upon the
accused person (and did in fact impress or was still impressing upon the
accused person at the time of the commission of the offence) a reasonable
apprehension that “instant death” would otherwise be the consequence of the
accused’s failure to commit the crime. In other words, the requirement of
“instant death” as contemplated by the accused governs the time permitted to
elapse between the time at or by which an accused is supposed to commit the
crime as instructed by the coercer … and the time at or by which the
contemplated execution of the coercer’s threat would have otherwise been
consequence of the accused’s failure to commit the crime as instructed … ,
whereas the requirement of “imminent, persistent and extreme” went towards the
causality between the threat acting on the mind of the accused and the
breaking of the law by the accused person. Where the accused person had a
reasonable opportunity to escape from or neutralise the threat made by the
coercer, the causation link would be broken and the defence of duress would
then not be available to the accused. [emphasis in original]

95 Mr Amolat submits that the defence is made out on a balance of
probabilities by the second accused. First, Raja had threatened to kill the
second accused’s elder sister’s family if the second accused did not deliver
the drugs. This evidence is credible as it was corroborated by the first
accused. Secondly, the threat issued by Raja was “imminent, persistent and
extreme” in character as Raja had backed up his threats by informing the
second accused of his elder sister’s address, tracking the whereabouts of the
first and second accused even when they were in Singapore, and also by showing
the first and second accused a video clip of many people, including Raja,
beating someone up. Thirdly, Raja’s threats _caused_ the second accused to
perform the deliveries. This was because Raja had cunningly entangled the
second accused in a web of debts which led them to becoming not just Raja’s
employees, but also his debtors. They were saddled with the instalment
payments on the Motorcycle, and had to pay Raja for room rental. Fourthly,
there was no reasonable opportunity for the second accused to escape from or
to neutralise Raja’s threats. Crucially, the Prosecution neither put it to the
second accused that there were reasonable opportunities of escape, or what
those reasonable opportunities were.

96 Upon reviewing the totality of the evidence, I am not satisfied that the
defence has been made out. For one, the evidence is equivocal as to whether
the harm the second accused was threatened with was _instant death_. In this
regard, the second accused only brought up Raja’s threats in his second long
statement recorded on 1 September 2012. Even then, all that was mentioned was
that Raja had threatened to “cause trouble” to the first and second accused’s
family members. It was only at the trial that the second accused mentioned
that the threat was to “beat them and kill them”.

97 Insofar as the second accused relies on the first accused to corroborate
his account, I should state that the first accused only brought up such
threats in the first long statement recorded on 31 August 2012, and not in his
oral or contemporaneous statements. Further, in the first long statement, the
first accused stated that their “families would be in trouble”. It was only
during the trial that the first accused said that Raja threatened that their
family “won’t be alive”. To me, it is noteworthy that prior to the trial,
neither the first nor the second accused mentioned that Raja had made any
threats which would lead to a reasonable apprehension that _instant death_
would be caused to the second accused’s family members. These appear to be
embellishments at the trial. I do not accept that there were such threats of
instant death.

98 Moreover, even if I were to accept that such threats of instant death
existed, I am of the view that these were not “imminent, persistent and
extreme”. Rather, I accept the Prosecution’s submission that the threats were
not operating on the second accused’s mind at the time of the offence.
Firstly, if the threats had been “imminent, persistent and extreme”, it is
more likely than not that the second accused would have brought this up to the
CNB officers at the earliest opportunity. However, no mention was made of any
threats made by Raja in the second accused’s oral, contemporaneous and
cautioned statements. Instead, the second accused stated in his cautioned
statement that he had committed the offence for money. The fact that the
second accused was informed during the recording of the cautioned statement
that the punishment for the offence which he committed was death, but failed
to raise the defence of duress therein counts against him. Significantly, the
second accused also made no mention of Raja’s threats in his first long
statement recorded on 30 August 2012 where he had described his relationship
with Raja, and how he had come to know Raja, in detail.

99 Additionally, I note that the second accused was working before his arrest
on 27 August 2012. The fact that the second accused was able to work despite
the threats shows that the threats from Raja, if any, were not “imminent,
persistent or extreme”. Help could have been sought by the second accused from
his fellow colleagues, but there was no evidence that this was done.

100 Indeed, the second accused was unable to recall _when_ Raja had last
threatened him, and _what_ Raja had said. This shows that any threats which
Raja had made were not “imminent, persistent and extreme”. This exchange
between the second accused and Mr Amolat during re-examination is pertinent:

Q: |  … Now, before the 27th of August, that means before the day you were arrested, can you say how many more---how many days before that Raja had threatened you? Prior to 27th August.  
---|---  
… |   
A: |  He started threatening after my first delivery.  
Q: |  But in terms of number of days are you able to explain to Her Honour before the 27th when was the last time he threatened you?  
A: |  _I can’t recall._  
… |   
Q: |  Right. Now, in your conversation on the 26th of August, did Raja threaten you?  
A: |  Threaten---threaten for?  
Q: |  Did Raja threaten you in the way you mentioned to threaten to harm you---  
Court: |  In any way.  
Singh: |  In any way, Your Honour. Obliged.  
A: |  _Sometimes I tell him that I will not do it then that is when he will scold me._  
Court: |  We’re asking about the 26th of August, right, the date before the arrest, the last time you spoke to Raja. What did Raja say to you?  
Witness: |  _I can’t recall Your Honour._  
  
  

[emphasis added]

101 It may well be true that Raja intimidated and threatened the first and
second accused, and sought to control their movements. Also, the accused
persons appeared to have landed themselves in an unfortunate plight of having
to pay the instalment payments for the Motorcycle and room rental. However,
the evidence did not go so far as to make out the ingredients of the defence
of duress on a balance of probabilities.

102 While Mr Thuraisingam concedes that the first accused is unable to rely on
this defence, for completeness, I set out my views on this issue. As stated
above, I reject the evidence of both the accused persons that there were any
threats of _instant death_. In any event, I note that the first accused
admitted that when he came to work in Singapore on 27 August 2012, he was out
of Raja’s reach. The first accused’s admission demonstrates that the threats,
if any, did not operate on the first accused’s mind at the material time of
the offence. I agree with Mr Thuraisingam that the defence is not applicable.

The admissibility of the first accused’s long statement recorded on 13
February 2013

103 I turn now to Mr Thuraisingam’s submission that the first accused’s third
long statement recorded on 13 February 2013 is inadmissible. Mr Thuraisingam
took objection because the Prosecution sought to establish during cross-
examination that the first accused’s “main purpose of giving this statement
was to try to get the charge against [him] reduced to a non-capital one”. By
reason of the Prosecution’s characterisation of the statement, it is submitted
that the document is inadmissible as it is covered by the “without prejudice”
privilege. Reliance was placed on _Public Prosecutor v Knight Glenn
Jeyasingam_ [1999] 1 SLR(R) 1165, _Ng Chye Huay and another v Public
Prosecutor_ [2006] 1 SLR(R) 157 and _Law Society of Singapore v Tan Guat Neo
Phyllis_ [2008] 2 SLR(R) 239. On the other hand, the Prosecution did not
dispute that privilege attaches to representations, which form a crucial facet
of Singapore’s judicial system. However, the Prosecution submits that being an
investigative statement, it is admissible under s 258 of the CPC.

104 In gist, the first accused stated in this statement that only half of the
drugs with which he was charged belonged to him, and sought to be charged for
trafficking in only those drugs instead. As stated above at [52], the first
accused did not pursue this position at trial. In brief, I agree with the
Prosecution’s submission that this statement is admissible under s 258 of the
CPC. In any case, I do not give the statement any weight as I do not find the
contents of that statement crucial.

Conclusion

105 For the reasons given above, I find that the Prosecution has proved the
respective charge against the first and second accused beyond a reasonable
doubt. Accordingly, I find them guilty and convict them of the respective
charge. I will proceed to the sentencing of the accused persons.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 03 Aug 2015 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

