Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Tan Bee Hoon (executrix for the estate of Quek Cher Choi, deceased) and
another _v_ Quek Hung Heong and others  
[2015] SGHC 229

Case Number| :| Originating Summons No 744 of 2014  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 31 August 2015  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Aedit Abdullah JC  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Hee Theng Fong, James Lin and Lee Hui Min (Harry Elias
Partnership LLP) for the plaintiffs; Foo Soon Yien and Poon Pui Yee (Bernard &
Rada Law Corporation) for the first defendant; The second defendant in person;
Johnson Loo Teck Lee (Drew & Napier LLC) for the third and fourth defendants.  
Parties| :|  Tan Bee Hoon (executrix for the estate of Quek Cher Choi,
deceased) — Tan Bee Hoon (executrix for the estate of Heng Sai Kee, deceased)
— Quek Hung Heong — Quek Yang Eng — Guo Charng Haw (executor for the estate of
Kwek Hann Song @ Guo Hann Song, deceased) — Guo Lih Yea (executrix for the
estate of Kwek Hann Song @ Guo Hann Song, deceased)  
  
31 August 2015|  
---|---  
  
Aedit Abdullah JC:

Introduction

1 This case concerns an order of court that was sought by the plaintiff-
executors (“the Plaintiffs”) for the sale of a plot of land at Coronation Road
(“the Property”), originally bought in 1966, co-owned by the deceased persons
and the surviving parties. This application for an order for sale followed
from an earlier action involving them. In the earlier action, the 1st
Defendant, Quek Hung Heong, sought to establish that he was the sole
beneficial owner of the Property. While one of the other co-owners did not
contest this, the 1st Defendant failed against the rest. Given the state of
relations and the impracticability of dividing the Property, the Plaintiffs
thus sought the sale of the Property in the present proceedings. The 1st
Defendant however resisted this by raising a number of arguments, including
that he was entitled to exclusive possession, that the Plaintiffs were
estopped from claiming the Property, and that he had obtained adverse
possession. I found that he did not succeed on any of these points, and that
the Property should be sold with the proceeds divided. I also found that he
could not raise the claim in proprietary estoppel as this should have been
raised in the earlier proceedings. The 1st Defendant has appealed.

Background

2 In 1966, the Quek family purchased the Property (_ie_ , a plot of land at
Coronation Road), upon which a bungalow presently stands. The Quek family
members held the Property as tenants-in-common in equal shares. The registered
proprietors are:

(a) Quek Cher Choi, the father. He passed away in 1981.

(b) Heng Sai Kee, the mother. She passed away in 1986.

(c) Kwek Hann Song, the oldest child. He passed away in 2006.

(d) Quek Yang Eng, the middle child; and

(e) Quek Hung Heong, the youngest child.

The Plaintiffs are the estates of the parents. They seek an order against the
other owners or their respective estates for the sale of the Property. As
noted, the 1st Defendant is Quek Hun Heong. The 2nd Defendant is Quek Yang Eng
and the 3rd and 4th Defendants are the executor and executrix of Kwek Hann
Song. None of the other Defendants aside from the 1st Defendant took an active
part in these proceedings.

3 The 1st Defendant had actually launched an action, _Quek Hung Heong v Tan
Bee Hoon (executrix for estate of Quek Cher Choi, deceased) and others and
another suit_ [2014] SGHC 17 (“S 722”), against the other four owners,
claiming the whole beneficial interest in the Property and seeking its
transfer to him. He founded his claim on various equitable bases including a
resulting trust, a constructive trust and proprietary estoppel. Quek Yang Eng
consented to judgment in favour of the 1st Defendant. The suit was dismissed
by Coomaraswamy J, who found that the other owners beneficially owned their
own share.

4 Following the conclusion of S 722, the Plaintiffs sought sale in lieu of
partition. The 3rd and 4th Defendants supported the position of the
Plaintiffs; the 2nd Defendant, Quek Yang Eng, was only a nominal defendant.
The 1st Defendant resisted the Plaintiffs’ application.

Additional arguments invited

5 After hearing arguments, and reserving judgment, I invited additional
arguments on the following questions:

(a) Whether proprietary estoppel, as opposed to promissory estoppel, can be
used to acquire new rights and can thus operate as a cause of action? See for
example, _Thorner v Major and others_ [2009] UKHL 18 (“ _Thorner v Major_ ”).
If a proprietary estoppel is found to arise, the remedy awarded by the Court
is at the Court’s discretion: _Low Heng Leon Andy v Low Kian Beng Lawrence
(administrator of the estate of Tan Ah Kng, deceased)_ [2013] 3 SLR 710.

(b) On this basis, is the 1st Defendant barred from raising proprietary
estoppel by the rule in _Henderson v Henderson_ [1843-1860] All ER Rep 378 (“
_Henderson v Henderson_ ”), _ie_ , the rule against abuse of process, also
known as the expanded _res judicata_ doctrine? See _Goh Nellie v Goh Lian Teck
and others_ [2007] 1 SLR(R) 453 (“ _Goh Nellie_ ”). In particular, are there
_bona fide_ reasons why the proprietary estoppel claimed here, and the other
grounds raised by the 1st Defendant, such as the claim in ‘adverse
possession’, were not raised in S 722?

(c) As the remedy is discretionary, does the rejection in S 722 of a
proprietary estoppel claim giving rise to a beneficial interest bar, whether
on _Henderson v Henderson_ , _res judicata_ or issue estoppel grounds, the
present proprietary estoppel claim of exclusive possession for his lifetime?
That is, could the 1st Defendant, (who was the plaintiff in S 722), have asked
the court there to award exclusive possession for his lifetime, and did his
omission then prevent him from raising this in the present proceedings?

The Plaintiffs’ Case

6 The Plaintiffs argued that the Property should be subject to sale in lieu of
partition. Sale was necessary, expedient and more appropriate. Partition would
be impractical and unworkable. Sale on the other hand would allow the value of
the Property to be realised. As to the arguments made by the 1st Defendant in
resisting the sale, it was argued that the Plaintiffs’ actions were neither
time barred by adverse possession, or by the doctrine of laches. The latter in
particular was not applicable as the Plaintiffs’ claim was legal and not
equitable. Neither was there any proprietary estoppel, nor issue estoppel
against the Plaintiffs. In the circumstances, sale should be ordered without
any crediting for the value of improvements or consequential orders sought by
the 1st Defendant.

7 As to the questions raised by the Court, the Plaintiffs argued that the 1st
Defendant’s arguments on proprietary estoppel and adverse possession were
indeed an abuse of process, infringing the rule in _Henderson v Henderson_. In
particular, the 1st Defendant’s claims in the present case were a collateral
attack on the decision in S 722, and the 1st Defendant relied essentially on
the same facts as in S 722. The claims in the present application should have
been raised in the earlier proceedings.

The 1st Defendant’s case

8 The 1st Defendant resisted the application, seeking to have exclusive
possession of the Property, during his lifetime. The 1st Defendant argued that
the claim by the Plaintiffs for sale was time barred under the Limitation Act
(Cap 163, Rev Ed 1996) (“the Limitation Act”) and by the adverse possession of
the Property by the 1st Defendant. The claim of adverse possession was not an
assertion of title, and therefore the Land Titles Act (Cap 157, Rev Ed 2004)
(“the LTA”) did not come into play. There was also laches and/or acquiescence
against the Plaintiffs.

9 The Plaintiffs were estopped, through a representation and reliance – no
action was taken to dispossess the 1st Defendant, and he suffered detriment in
the form of expenditure on the Property, as well as losing the opportunity of
having his own property. Alternatively, the others had obtained a benefit and
gained – this is sufficient to establish promissory estoppel.

10 As for the sale of the Property, this was neither necessary nor expedient.
No urgency was shown. In any event, even if sale should be ordered, time
should be given for the 1st Defendant to find alternative accommodation. The
1st Defendant also counterclaimed under O 28 r 7 of the Rules of Court (Cap
322, R5, Rev Ed 2014) for improvements made by him relating to improvements
made on the Property, property taxes paid by him and the freeing in 1981 of an
encumbrance over the Property. As against the 3rd and 4th Defendants, _res
judicata_ applied.

11 No issue estoppel arises in the present case. Neither was the issue at hand
fundamental to the previous decision in S 722. That earlier suit did not
investigate the 1st Defendant’s right of exclusive possession. The rule in
_Henderson v Henderson_ was not engaged either: the 1st Defendant was not
required to raise the issue of exclusive possession earlier. Only the
beneficial interest was a live issue in S 722. There was no abuse of process.
In particular, he did not seek to challenge any of the conclusions in the
earlier suit. If anything, the abuse of process argument would also apply to
the Plaintiffs in their claim for possession or sale.

The Decision

I found that the Plaintiffs’ application for sale should be granted. The
various grounds relied upon by the 1st Defendant in resisting the application
were not made out.

12 I concluded that the 1st Defendant was precluded from raising proprietary
estoppel on the basis of the letters as that was a matter he should reasonably
have raised in the earlier suit: in other words, it was an abuse of process
for him to raise proprietary estoppel in the present proceedings. On the other
hand, neither cause of action nor issue estoppel operated against him. In any
event, even if the 1st Defendant was not barred from raising proprietary
estoppel in the present case, this was not made out. Neither was adverse
possession nor promissory estoppel made out. Given this, there was nothing to
stand in the way of the Plaintiffs’ application for partition or sale in lieu
of partition. Sale was preferable in the circumstances of the case. However,
some of the expenditure incurred by the 1st Defendant had to be taken into
account, and this was reflected in my order.

13 As a preliminary point, it should be noted that these grounds deal with
estoppel in three main guises:

(a) Estoppel in respect of past decisions in the form of cause of action
estoppel and issue estoppel;

(b) Proprietary estoppel; and

(c) Promissory estoppel.

Care has to be taken to ensure that the requirements of each use are borne in
mind; inadvertent eliding of the differences is to be avoided. The distinction
is most marked between (a) on the one hand, with (b) and (c) on the other. In
(a), the estoppel is in the ability of the parties to avoid the binding effect
of previous judicial determination. In the latter, the estoppel is concerned
with whether one party can move away from a particular position that it had
held out to the other. Proprietary estoppel operates to give effect to what is
held out even to the extent of affecting the proprietary rights of the
implicated party. Promissory estoppel protects an expectation of forbearance
in an existing relationship. It may be that the lines between promissory
estoppel and proprietary estoppel may blur further in future, but that is
outside the scope of these grounds.

14 The 1st Defendant’s submissions interweaved the discussion of proprietary
estoppel and promissory estoppel. While the requirements of representation,
reliance and detriment overlap, to my mind, it is inadvisable to combine any
discussion of the two doctrines in this way – there remain significant
differences between them.

15 I should also note that acquiescence was considered in the proceedings in
two senses: as an aspect of representation in proprietary estoppel, and as a
defence in equity. The latter will be discussed briefly towards the end of
these grounds.

Abuse of Process

16 I found that the 1st Defendant was precluded from asserting proprietary
estoppel as a basis of resisting the application by the Plaintiffs. As noted
above, the earlier proceedings involved a claim by the 1st Defendant against
the Plaintiffs and the other present Defendants that the Property was held in
trust for him, and that they should transfer their respective shares to him.
The primary basis was that this reflected a family arrangement made by the
parties. In the course of his decision on the claim, Coomaraswamy J found that
proprietary estoppel based on that family arrangement was not made out: at
[122]. As proprietary estoppel and indeed the assertion of a full beneficial
interest was raised in the earlier suit, S 722, the invocation by the 1st
Defendant of proprietary estoppel in the present case was an abuse of process
since it should have reasonably been raised in S 722, and. he did not give
adequate reason why this was not done.

17 The 1st Defendant argued that in the earlier proceedings, the only live
issue was the beneficial interest claimed by the 1st Defendant. It was not
unreasonable therefore for the 1st Defendant not to have addressed the
exclusive possession claim in that case. No abusive element arose from the
circumstances of the case. It was said that it never occurred to him nor was
it in his contemplation to assert proprietary estoppel in order to assert
exclusive possession. It was further argued that the Plaintiffs should have
been under an obligation to raise their present claim in the earlier
proceedings as well. The 1st Defendant contended that in the earlier
proceedings, parties were only concerned with the beneficial interest. I found
that none of these arguments could hold.

The statement of the rule in Henderson v Henderson

18 The rule in _Henderson v Henderson_ essentially states that a party will
not be allowed to raise an issue which could have been raised and determined
in earlier proceedings: _Barrow v Bankside Members Agency Ltd_ [1996] 1 All ER
981. This may be an assertion of the general inherent jurisdiction of the
court: Professor Zuckerman in _Principles of Civil Procedure_ (Sweet &
Maxwell, 2nd Ed, 2006) (“ _Principles of Civil Procedure_ ”) para 25.101. The
scope of the rule has been much considered and refined since its first
pronouncement in _Henderson v Henderson_. In certain circumstances, abuse of
process would be committed by a party arguing a point in current proceedings
which could have been raised in earlier proceedings. The rule is essentially
founded on a need to protect the administration of justice, by preventing
relitigation. In broad terms, it helps protect against a party having multiple
bites at the cherry.

19 The rule was considered in _Goh Nellie_. Citing _Hunter v Chief Constable
of the West Midlands Police_ [1982] AC 529 (“ _Hunter_ ”), and after referring
to the local cases of _Kwa Ban Cheong v Kuah Boon Sek_ [2003] 3 SLR(R) 644 (“
_Kwa Ban Cheong_ ”) and _Lai Swee Lin Linda v AG_ [2006] 2 SLR(R) 565 (“
_Linda Lai_ ”), Sundaresh Menon JC stated at [53] :

… a court should determine whether there is an abuse of process by looking at
all the circumstances of the case, including whether the later proceedings in
substance is nothing more than a collateral attack upon the previous decision;
whether there is fresh evidence that might warrant re-litigation; whether
there are _bona fide_ reasons why an issue that ought to have been raised in
the earlier action was not; and whether there are some other special
circumstances that might justify allowing the case to proceed. The absence or
existence of these enumerated factors (which are not intended to be
exhaustive) is not decisive.

Menon JC emphasised that in determining whether abuse of process arose, there
should be consideration of the balance between allowing a litigant his day in
court, and the undue oppression that would result to the defendant because of
repeated litigation. What needed to be determined was whether, considering the
circumstances of the earlier proceedings, the issue ought really to have been
raised at that time.

20 As noted by Professor Zuckerman in _Principles of Civil Procedure_ at para
25.105:

… [T]here is no hard and fast rule in this regard. Whether a party would be
prevented from advancing a claim or an issue he could have advanced in
previous proceedings will depend on the circumstances of the case. In
determining whether to allow a party to advance such cause or issue the court
will consider whether it was reasonable or desirable to advance the cause or
issue in previous proceedings.

From this, it can be derived that the fact that an issue was not raised in
earlier litigation does not by itself bar raising it subsequently. There must
be something in the nature of an abuse.

Situations where no abuse arises

21 Cases in which the rule in _Henderson v Henderson_ were not held to apply
can generally be seen as involving reasonable grounds for not having raised
the issue earlier. This explains the cases cited by the 1st Defendant.

(a) Consequential matters. A number of these cases were concerned with the
second action coming as a consequence of the first. Where the latter
proceedings flowed out of the earlier, to deal with consequential matters or
to effect a remedy contemplated in the earlier proceedings, there would not be
any abuse of process. The case of _Lee Hiok Tng v Lee Hiok Tng_ [2001] 1
SLR(R) 771 concerned a second action following on as a consequence of the
first. There is also _Ng Chee Chong and another v Toh Kouw and another_ [1999]
2 SLR(R) 909, which concerned an earlier action for a deposit, and a later
action for wrongful repudiation.

(b) New circumstances. Another instance in which no abuse would be found would
be where new circumstances arise. So for instance in the case of _Ching Mun
Fong (executrix of the estate of Tan Geok Tee, deceased) v Liu Cho Chit and
another appeal_ [2000] 1 SLR(R) 53, the mistake of law was not known in the
earlier proceedings.

(c) Impecuniosity or other explanation for initial inaction. A category of
situations in which reasonableness was shown would include the case of
_Bradford & Bingley Building Society v Seddon_ [1999] 1 WLR 1482, in which
claims were not sought initially because of impecuniosity. As for the case of
_Low Heng Leon Andy v Low Kian Beng Lawrence (administrator of the estate of
Tan Ah Kng, deceased)_ [2013] 3 SLR 710, the earlier proceedings were
terminated by consent order, which presents a different context: the
circumstances giving rise to a consent order, especially the facts that may
have been the basis of the consent order, have to be carefully considered by
the court. In some cases, there may be a distinct difference in the facts as
understood, and facts subsequently uncovered. It may be that subsequent
proceedings should more readily be allowed then.

(d) Reasonable grounds. A broader class where the rule is not applicable
encompasses situations where it is reasonable that the issue or argument was
not raised. The case of _Goh Nellie_ illustrates this. On the facts of that
case, it was found that the rule was not engaged. That case concerned the
devise of two properties by the deceased there to her children. One of the
children, R, applied for and obtained in Originating Summons No 618 of 2005
(“OS 618/2005”) an order that she could reside in one of the properties rent
free and that it could not be sold without her consent. Subsequently, an order
for sale for the property was sought by some of the other beneficiaries in
Originating Summons No 950 of 2006 (“OS 950/2006”). An application was thus
made under the Trustees Act to sanction the sale. Menon JC found that the
order made in OS 618/2005 related only to R’s right of residence and was not
similar or identical to her right of veto of sale in OS 950/2006. There was
thus no abuse of process.

22 In comparison, cases where the rule was properly invoked are as follows:

(a) Those in which it is clear that there is nothing more than re-litigation
and an attack on a prior decision. _Kwa Ban Cheong_ and _Linda Lai_ are
examples of this. And in _Kwa Ban Cheong_ , Belinda Ang J noted that re-
litigation could arise even if different plaintiffs were involved; in that
case, it was held that it was an abuse of process for the plaintiff to seek
adjudication on the title to shares when this had been already decided in
previous proceedings. And in _Linda Lai_ , the plaintiff was barred from
raising judicial review in her claim as that had already been determined
earlier, albeit against a different formal party. She was additionally barred
from raising matters which should have been raised in the earlier proceedings.
The Court of Appeal additionally found that despite a difference in the
remedies claimed, it would have been abuse of process for her to proceed.

(b) Those in which it is clear that the issue would have readily refuted the
initial claim. This is illustrated by the Privy Council decision of _Yat Tung
Investment Co Ltd v Dao Heng Bank Ltd_ [1975] AC 581 (“ _Yat Tung_ ”). In that
case, the initial proceedings involved a claim by the appellant that a
mortgage supposedly given over its property to a bank was a nullity. The
counterclaim by a bank for a mortgage balance was allowed. In that case, no
question was raised by the customer of the bank about the power of sale
exercised by the bank. Subsequently, the customer sought a declaration that
the sale by the bank was fraudulent. The Privy Council held that the second
proceedings were an abuse of process because the issue of fraud should have
been raised in the initial proceedings. While the remarks on what constituted
abuse of process given by Lord Kilbrandon in the advice of the Privy Council
have been rejected in _Johnson v Gore Wood & Co_ [2002] 2 AC 1, the actual
result has not. What is common between _Yat Tung_ and the present application
was that the issue raised the second time around in both cases was something
that could have been readily refuted in the initial claim; where such an issue
is not raised until later, it is clearly an abuse of process. Another instance
is found in the case of _Talbot v Berkshire County Council_ [1994] QB 290. A
claim for injuries was made following an earlier claim for contribution for an
accident. The claim of injuries was barred.

23 Much depends on an appreciation of the overall justice of the case. It is
unlikely that any definitive rule could be developed. In _De Crittenden v
Bayliss_ [2005] EWCA Civ 1425 (“ _De Crittenden_ ”), the English Court of
Appeal dismissed an appeal against the decision of the judge at first instance
finding that the action should be dismissed as the claim made should have been
raised in earlier proceedings. In this case, much turned on the inability of
the court to fully inquire into the matter because the main protagonists had
passed away. The complexity of the earlier action may also be material: _Aldi
Stores Limited v WSP Group PLC and Ors_ [2007] EWCA Civ 1260. That case
concerned complex commercial litigation resulting from building damage to a
supermarket, involving the operators of the supermarket, builders, and
specialist consultants. In essence, the plaintiff was faced by an argument
that it was barred from proceeding in the action as it should have raised its
claim in its actions against one Holmes (“H”) as H would have in turn joined
the defendants. The English Court of Appeal found that there was no abuse as
the decision made by the plaintiff was reasonable in view of the complexity of
the litigation there. The case of _Booth v Booth_ [2010] EWCA Civ 27 is also
probably best seen as an illustration of a holistic assessment: it would seem
that in that case the English Court of Appeal would have been inclined to
allow a striking out on the basis of abuse of process as the issues had been
raised in earlier litigation, but did not do so as the point was not taken up
till substantial rights had been determined in the second litigation.

Application to the present case

24 In the present case, the assertion of proprietary estoppel did amount to an
abuse of process given that this was claimed, albeit on a different basis, in
S 722. It was in effect an attack on the previous action in S 722, in which
the Court there found that the claim made by the present 1st Defendant in
proprietary estoppel on the basis of the family arrangements was not made out?
The basis of the judge’s finding was that there was no family arrangement on
the evidence, as there were internal inconsistencies in the 1st Defendant’s
evidence, there was no support from relevant accounts or documents, and
subsequent actions were inconsistent with any family arrangements.

25 I did not accept the 1st Defendant’s arguments. The 1st Defendant argued
that there was no abuse: firstly, _bona fide_ reasons existed why exclusive
possession was not raised in S 722, as the 1st Defendant’s focus was on
beneficial ownership and the proprietary estoppel claim was on the basis of
inaction over the years, particularly after letters had been sent by lawyers
acting for the parents and Kwek Hann Song; and secondly, , if _Henderson v
Henderson_ should apply to the 1st Defendant, it should also apply to the
Plaintiffs in respect of their claim

Proprietary estoppel was to the same effect

26 As noted above, the 1st Defendant sought to invoke proprietary estoppel as
a property right to defeat or at least modify the Plaintiffs’ claim. The
assertion of this property right here was just a mirror image of the claim
that the 1st Defendant launched against the other co-owners in S 722: what was
raised here was a defence, while what was raised in S 722 was a cause of
action.

27 As will be considered below, proprietary estoppel is a broad and
discretionary doctrine that aims to vindicate representations or promises
made, which are supported by detrimental reliance by the claimant. In dealing
with the possibility of abuse of process in the context of a proprietary
estoppel claim, one must look at a broad factual substratum: there can be
variation in representations and reliance that are easily raised or invoked.
This is not to say that there can only be one shot at making out proprietary
estoppel, but there must be a markedly different set of circumstances relied
upon, and an entirely different proprietary remedy sought. A party cannot
finesse the representation relied on: given the broad nature of the doctrine,
almost any statement, action or omission could theoretically be the basis of a
claim of representation. While it is true that the representations were on the
surface different, this did not bring the present case out of the rule. One
was founded on the family arrangements. The other on inaction. Had they been
the same, either _res judicata_ or issue estoppel would have applied. However,
even with this surface difference, the basis of the 1st Defendant’s assertion
that the Plaintiffs were bound by a representation made by them, causing the
1st Defendant to incur detrimental reliance, was the same in both s 722 and
the present case.

28 It is also pertinent that in the present case what is at stake is the
Plaintiffs’ assertion of rights flowing from ownership recognised and
vindicated in S 722. The 1st Defendant was attacking the result and
determination in that case: he sought to assert a larger interest than his
acknowledged share, by way of a property right derived from proprietary
estoppel after it had been decided that the 1st Defendant had only an equal
share alongside the other co-owners. The fact of the matter is that the 1st
Defendant raised the point that he had a beneficial interest in the earlier
proceedings, invoking multiple grounds as a basis. It would have been
reasonable for him to have raised his current proprietary estoppel claim then.
While the present claim is for a proprietary estoppel founded on a different
basis and a different specific remedy, it is of the same broad nature as his
previous claim.

29 In addition, while the remedy sought differs in that the 1st Defendant now
asks for an equity to be recognised for his exclusive possession of the
Property during his life time, rather than a sole beneficial interest, it was
a claim that he could have made earlier as well in S 722\. The fact that the
specific remedies may be different does not mean that abuse would not arise.
What matters is whether the issue was indeed raised in the earlier
proceedings. _Linda Lai_ illustrates this point. The Court of Appeal there
gave short shrift to the appellant’s argument that abuse or _res judicata_ did
not arise because she had sought a quashing order previously, as opposed to
her instant claim of a declaration: see _Linda Lai_ at [56] to [61].

30 In the present case, it is significant that the remedy that may be ordered
is at the discretion of the Court. The Court aims, when a proprietary estoppel
claim is made out, to craft a remedy or equity that vindicates the
representation or promise giving rise to the proprietary estoppel. This may
thus take various forms. Conceivably, it may even involve the payment of a sum
of money. At the other end of the spectrum would be the granting of a full
beneficial interest in the Property. As the remedy is discretionary,
conceivably, the previous action founded on proprietary estoppel could have
resulted in the 1st Defendant’s success in that case by way of an order for
exclusive possession. A party cannot invoke variations on the theme of the
proprietary remedy that is claimed. Permitting this would again be too loose,
resulting in a never ending series of different proprietary estoppel claims.

31 The 1st Defendant argued that what was at stake in the first action was a
claim for the whole beneficial interest, while what was claimed here was just
a right to exclusive possession. But the essential effect was the same in
either case – the other co-owners (save for his sister who had conceded his
claim earlier) would not be able to enjoy the Property – they would not be
able to exercise their right to dispose of it, or even to enter and use it.
Ownership entails the right to enjoy exclusive possession or its fruits;
exclusive possession is the prime benefit of ownership. These two rights are
sides of the same coin. The fact of the matter is that the 1st Defendant
argued in the earlier case for a whole interest. That should encapsulate any
lesser interest. Otherwise, it would lead to the opposing side suffering delay
by a thousand different cuts.

32 This is illustrated by _De Crittenden_ , where the English Court of Appeal
found that it was an abuse of process for the plaintiff there to pursue an
action founded on fiduciary duties, when he had already pursued against the
defendant an action based on an agreement between them. The English Court of
Appeal agreed with the finding by the trial judge in the second action that
the plaintiff could and should have framed the fiduciary claim as an
alternative. As the business relationship between the parties was in issue in
the first action, the plaintiff there should have brought his entire case
then.

33 There was thus nothing raised in the present proceedings to show that the
present proprietary estoppel claim was founded on evidence that was newly
discovered or which could not have been used in the earlier proceedings. All
in all, there was no sufficient explanation given as to why this claim could
not have been raised earlier.

Fact that the 1st Defendant initiated the earlier action is immaterial

34 The fact that that the 1st Defendant was the plaintiff in the other action
cannot be a material consideration. If it were otherwise, the operation of the
rule would just be a tactical matter. Whether the rule applied or not would be
the result of the vagaries of who commenced proceedings.

35 It is true that English Court of Appeal in _Henley v Bloom_ [2010] 1 WLR
1770 (“ _Henley v Bloom_ ”) stated at [33] that where a second action is
brought by the party who was the defendant in the earlier action, it is more
difficult to argue that an abuse arises, as compared to where the claimant is
the same in both actions. This observation did not raise an absolute bar to
abuse being found in situations where the role of the parties are reversed
between the first and second actions. The English Court of Appeal in _Henley v
Bloom_ took pains to note that their observation was not one of principle. To
my mind, it is certainly easier for a party who is the defendant in both
actions to make out abuse – harassment for instance would be more readily made
out, as the defendant would be at the receiving end in both instances; it
would also be easier to find overlap between causes of action founded on the
same facts. However, there is nothing in principle that requires the court to
not apply the _Henderson v Henderson_ rule where parties switch roles in
litigation, whether the party committing abuse moves from plaintiff to
defendant, or vice versa.

No special circumstances

36 No special circumstances exist in the present case that would justify a
departure from the effect of the rule in _Henderson v Henderson_.

37 The present case differed from _Goh Nellie_. It is pertinent that the legal
basis in each of the _Goh Nellie_ actions was different. In the first action
there, what was in issue was the right to stay on the property. The second
action concerned the right of veto of sale conferred on a beneficiary: at [45]
of _Goh Nellie_. In the present case however, the 1st Defendant made a claim
of proprietary estoppel giving him an interest in the Property in both S 722
and the present application.

38 The case of _Henley v Bloom_ discussed above may be thought of as contrary
authority. In the first action, Mr Henley had an action brought against him by
Mrs Bloom for possession of a rental flat occupied by Mr Henley. Mr Henley
initially resisted it on grounds that it was not just and equitable, as
required by the relevant legislation in the United Kingdom, for an order of
possession to be made against him. Eventually, a consent order was recorded in
which Mr Henley gave up possession in good and tenantable repair and condition
in return for various payments by Mrs Bloom. Subsequently, in a second action,
after obtaining an expert’s assessment of the condition of the flat, Mr Henley
then brought an action against Mrs Bloom for breach of obligations to repair
and quiet enjoyment, claiming damages. Mrs Bloom not unexpectedly raised abuse
of process. The District Judge held in favour of Mrs Bloom. On appeal to the
County Court, the appeal was dismissed on the basis that the condition of the
flat was raised in the submissions and was subject to the consent order. On
further appeal to the English Court of Appeal, it was found that there was no
abuse of process as the issues were distinct. In the view of the Court of
Appeal, the possession claim did not involve any issue about the state of
repair. That alone makes _Henley v Bloom_ distinguishable from the present
case: here, the proprietary estoppel would establish a right excluding and
depriving the co-owners of their legal title, just as much as the finding of
beneficial interest in S 722 would have excluded them as well. Additionally,
the position in _Henley v Bloom_ was also reached because of the non-
availability of the expert report on the condition of the flat in the earlier
proceedings: see _Henley v Bloom_ at [34]. _Henley v Bloom_ should also then
be seen as a case where no abuse arose because of new evidence or
circumstances.

Cause of Action and Issue Estoppel

39 The requirements of cause of action and issue estoppel were not met in the
present case. Cause of action estoppel did not arise as the cause of action
was not the same in both the earlier and subsequent proceedings; the
comparison of the two causes of action differ from the comparison undertaken
in the _Henderson v Henderson_ analysis. As the claim in the earlier
proceedings was one for the Property by the 1st Defendant and the current
proceedings relate to his assertion of a property right to resist the
application for sale, the causes of action cannot be said to be the same at
all.

40 Issue estoppel was not available as there was insufficient identity of
subject matter. The requirements of issue estoppel are that (see _Lee Tat
Development Pte Ltd v Management Corporation Strata Title Plan No 301)_ [2005]
3 SLR (R) 157):

(a) There be a final and conclusive judgment on the merits;

(b) The judgment must be by a court of competent jurisdiction;

(c) There is identity of parties; and

(d) Identity of subject matter.

Identity of parties is not viewed narrowly: _Goh Nellie_. However, no issue
turns on that in the present case. What was crucial here was identity of
subject matter, which is weighed taking into account the factual matrix in the
earlier decision: _Goh Nellie._ Menon JC noted in _Goh Nellie_ at [34]:

… the issues must be identical in the sense that the prior decision must
traverse the same ground as the subsequent proceeding’s and the facts and
circumstances giving rise to the earlier decision must not have changed or
should be incapable of change.

Menon J considered other decisions, such as _Richards v Richards_ [1953] P 36
and _Mills v Cooper_ [1967] 2 QB 459, illustrating that differences in the
facts, or changes, even potential changes, in facts, would mean that the
subject matter is different.

41 In the present case, in S 722, the determination of the court was that
there was no proprietary estoppel. The claim of proprietary estoppel was
founded on a family arrangement arising out of a family meeting convened in
1966. In addition, the claim of proprietary estoppel in S 722 was geared
towards establishing a full beneficial interest. Strictly speaking then, the
ambit of the issue in S 722 was different from that in the present
proceedings, though the legal category was the same. Issue estoppel could not
thus be made out.

Proprietary Estoppel

42 Even if it was not barred by the previous suit from being presently argued,
proprietary estoppel was not made out by the 1st Defendant. The 1st Defendant
could not establish any of the elements of proprietary estoppel. These were
that there was a representation (or assurance, as is sometimes preferred),
reliance and detriment; the exact formulation may differ in the cases and
texts, but nothing to my mind turns on this in the present case. I should note
also that there are local cases such as _Chng Bee Kheng and another
(executrixes and trustees of the estate of Fock Poh Kum, deceased) v Chng Eng
Chye_ [2013] 2 SLR 715, in which estoppel by acquiescence was considered as a
separate concept from proprietary estoppel. The elements are traditionally
listed slightly differently from proprietary estoppel. I am of the view,
however, that estoppel by acquiescence is really a species of proprietary
estoppel and its analysis should proceed with the same elements.

43 What is required for proprietary estoppel has been the subject of further
consideration in England. In _Thorner v Major_ , Lord Walker reiterated that
proprietary estoppel is based on the elements: representation or assurance,
reliance by the claimant and detriment because of reasonable reliance.
However, there remains a live concern among some commentators that a
distinction be maintained between different standards of the doctrine. These
have been identified as an acquiescence-based principle, a representation
based-one and a promise-based principle, with differences as to how the
elements are satisfied in each instance, and what remedies may be available:
see _Snell’s Equity_ (John McGhee gen. ed) (Sweet & Maxwell, 33rd Ed, 2015) (“
_Snell’s Equity_ ”) at paras 12-032 to 12-037 and Ben McFarlane’s _The Law of
Proprietary Estoppel_ (Oxford University Press, 2014) at para 1.05. While
there may be some force in this argument in favour of a segregated analysis,
especially when one considers the historical development of the doctrine, my
inclination would be to see these as aspects of a single doctrine, protecting
against unconscionable conduct. Some distinction may need to be drawn
depending on how the representation is made and also between a representation
_simpliciter_ , acquiescence, or promise, but they are at the heart different
manifestations of the same concept. There has to be some cause emanating from
the Plaintiffs leading to the 1st Defendant’s detrimental reliance.

44 It may be that this issue would merit further consideration in and guidance
by a higher court, but I did not call for arguments on these points as I did
not think that even on the application of segregated as opposed to a unified
analysis, the result here would be different. As it is, the development of the
doctrine and its local application up to 2007 has been amply considered by
Menon JC in _Hong Leong Singapore Finance Ltd v United Overseas Bank Ltd_
[2007] 1 SLR(R) 292 (“ _Hong Leong Finance_ ”). I will thus consider the issue
that there be:

(a) A representation, whether by way of a representation in its conventional
sense, encouragement, by a promise, or by acquiescence;

(b) reliance; and

(c) detriment.

45 I note that in some discussions, reliance and detriment are considered
together. The editors of _Tan Sook Yee’s Principles of Singapore Land Law_ (S
Y Tan, H W Tang & K Low eds) (LexisNexis, 3rd Ed, 2009) (“ _Tan Sook Yee_ ”)
analyse ‘detrimental reliance’ compositely. This may allow for more efficient
exposition. I have not however adopted that approach in the present case
simply because the submissions and authorities cited use the three-fold set of
requirements.

Representation

46 No representation was made out. There was no express promise invoked in the
present case. To put the 1st Defendant’s case at its best, the 1st Defendant
relied upon the inaction of the Plaintiffs or the deceased persons, all the
years he was allowed to remain on the Property, as well as specifically, the
inaction after letters of demand were sent by the Plaintiffs in 1979 and 1980.
That would not be sufficient. The required representation must be one that the
claimant had an interest or right to the land. The letters themselves could
not be taken as representations that rights or claims would be recognised. The
letters asked for the Property to be vacated. That is entirely incompatible
with the existence of a right to occupy. Further, the letters themselves
asserted a right by the Plaintiffs’ predecessors in title that was contrary to
the 1st Defendant’s assertion of his interest. The inaction thereafter could
be construed in many ways – it was not unequivocally an acceptance of the 1st
Defendant’s claim on the Property. There was nothing more that was required
for the Plaintiffs, who were not under an obligation to reassert the same
point continuously, or to assert the claim on a frequent, regular basis. The
inaction over the decades could have been borne out of inertia, confusion, or
ignorance. Any inaction alone does not amount to a representation that a right
or claim is recognised or admitted. Inaction could simply be unequivocal.

47 Further, as noted by Menon JC in _Hong Leong Finance_ at [194] silence can
only amount to sufficient representation if there is a duty to speak. This
recognises that silence can be attributed to many reasons, which may not at
all be connected with recognition or acceptance of a right or interest in the
Property or a representation, even in the form of acquiescence. There is
certainly no duty to speak imposed on the Plaintiffs; the mere passage of time
could not create such a duty.

Reliance

48 There was no reliance in the present case.

49 The test for reliance has been described in several ways. Again, it has
been posited that there should be a differentiation depending on the type of
proprietary estoppel in question: _Snell’s Equity_ , para 12-042. I am again
doubtful that there should be such granularity. It suffices to note that what
mattered was showing that the 1st Defendant acted on the basis of the content
of the representation or promise made. The various formulations, conveniently
summarised in _Snell_ ’s _Equity_ at para 12-042, include:

(a) Whether the 1st Defendant would have acted any differently apart from the
representation. _Taylors Fashions Ltd v Liverpool Victoria Trustees Co Ltd_
[1982] QB 133 at 156,.

(b) Whether the representation was a significant factor: _Steria Ltd v
Hutchison_ [2006] EWCA Civ 1551; and

(c) The existence of a sufficient causal link: _Gillett v Holt_ [2001] Ch 210
(“ _Gillett v Holt_ ”).

50 I was satisfied that on any of these, the 1st Defendant had not made out
his case. In any event, I would be inclined to the view that the various
formulations require linkage only; I am doubtful that the various cases
consciously adopted different formulations because of the different strands of
proprietary estoppel as identified in _Snell’s Equity._

51 There is some controversy on the burden of showing reliance. The more
common view is that the burden is taken to have shifted to the party denying
reliance once representation and detriment is made out: _Hong Leong Finance_
at [207] citing _Greasley v Cooke_ [1980] 3 All ER 710. This shifting is of
the evidential burden and has on occasion been characterised as a presumption:
see _Snell’s Equity_ at para 12-042. _Snell’s Equity_ takes the view that
there is no actual shift, but simply an inference of reliance from
representation and detriment. The High Court of Australia has taken a
different view that the burden lies on the claimant: _Sidhu v Van Dyke_ [2014]
HCA 19 at [57]. I do not think that in the present case the issue is material,
though I am sympathetic to the view expressed in _Snell’s Equity_ and am of
the view that the burden always lies on the party claiming the estoppel, but
that in some factual situations, reliance is readily inferable once
representation and detriment is made out.

52 In the present case, the 1st Defendant’s actions on the Property are
referable instead to his maintenance of the Property while he was in sole
occupation of it. The 1st Defendant relied upon the fact that the 1st
Defendant did not purchase another property that he could have built his life
with; that he was deprived of the possibility of accretion to such other
property that he could have obtained; that he is now old and would suffer if
he moved out; and that he had paid for property taxes, discharged a mortgage
and made other payments maintaining the Property.

53 None of these could be linked or connected directly with the representation
that the 1st Defendant relied on. Most of the expenses on the Property could
be explained as being part of the necessary expenditure of someone who was in
actual occupation of the Property and went to his enjoyment of that Property.
There was nothing that was referable to the representation or promise – there
had to be something more than what a co-owner occupying the Property would
have to do. It may be that if there had been an express quid pro quo between
the parties, something of a promise to him that in return for his expenditure
that he would obtain a greater interest, the kind of expenditure he incurred
would be sufficient. But that would have required a different kind of
representation other than mere silence or inaction as the 1st Defendant relied
on in the present case.

Detriment

54 In assessing detriment, the court does not take a narrow view: _Gillett v
Holt_. The fact that benefit may be obtained is relevant, and may outweigh the
need to vindicate the claimant’s reliance on a representation. Here, what the
1st Defendant referred to as detriment were largely expenses that would be
expected of any co-owner seeking to continue his enjoyment of the Property.
The 1st Defendant obtained the occupation, use and enjoyment of the Property
all these years. Aside from the payment made to discharge a mortgage, he did
not show that there was anything that would have gone beyond the normal
expenditure of a co-owner in actual occupation. Spending what one would need
to even in the absence of any right larger than the legal ownership that one
has is not detriment by any means. It may be that he may have some right to
reimbursement or accounting _inter se_ for such expenditure, but that is a
separate issue.

55 As for the discharge of the mortgage or encumbrance, in S 722, this was
found to be payment of a debt which did not arise in respect of the purchase
of the Property, but freeing an encumbrance arising from an overdraft granted
to him and his brother, Kwek Hann Song, for share trading: see the judgment in
S 722 at [110]-[111]. This raises at least an issue estoppel against the 1st
Defendant on this point: there was commonality of identity of subject matter
and parties, as well as a final conclusive judgment on the merits. Given that
the payment was not in respect of the Property, and not in respect of all the
co-owners, this could not count as detriment.

Promissory estoppel

56 The 1st Defendant invoked promissory estoppel. This was not barred as an
abuse of process as it could not have been asserted as a basis for the 1st
Defendant’s claim in S 722. But for the same reasons as that in respect of
proprietary estoppel, there was no representation or promise that would have
been a foundation for the estoppel.

57 For promissory estoppel to be established there must be (_B P Exploration
(Libya) v Hunt (No. 2)_ [1979] 1 WLR 783 at 812):

(a) A legal relationship giving rights and duties between the parties;

(b) A representation from one party to the other that he will not enforce his
strict legal rights arising out of that relationship; and

(c) Reliance by the other party on that representation.

In addition, it must also be inequitable for the representing party to go back
on that representation: _Nippon Yusen Kaisha v Pacifica Navegacion SA (The
Ion)_ [1980] 2 Lloyd’s Rep 245\. This is usually supplied by detriment.

58 The same points can be made here as were made in respect of representation
and reliance in the context of proprietary estoppel. As noted above, silence
could be explained in many ways, and cannot generally be taken as assent or in
this case forbearance giving up enforceable rights. I do accept, as argued by
the 1st Defendant, that _Lam Chi Kin David v Deutsche Bank AG_ [2011] 1 SLR
800 has adopted a broader notion of detriment: it would be sufficient for an
advantage to be gained by the promisor. However, in this case, there was no
such advantage. If anything, in this case it was the 1st Defendant who secured
an advantage in the intervening years – namely his use of the Property.
Neither could benefit to the Plaintiffs be seen in the expenditure incurred by
the 1st Defendant for the reasons given above.

The adverse possession argument

59 The next argument raised asserting a property interest countervailing the
Plaintiffs’ rights as co-owner was adverse possession. I also rejected the 1st
Defendant’s invocation of adverse possession as a sufficient basis to resist
the order for sale. In respect of Torrens land in Singapore, adverse
possession is but an assertion of the operation of a limitation period barring
the erstwhile land owner from asserting title better than that of the claimant
in possession of that land.

60 The 1st Defendant did not comply with ss 174(7) or (8) of the LTA, which
required him to lodge applications for possessory title. The Plaintiffs made
this omission the primary plank of their argument against the 1st Defendant’s
reliance on adverse possession.

61 The 1st Defendant tried to argue that his position was preserved by the
predecessor to the current version of the LTA. He had a right under the
predecessor version of the LTA, namely, the 1985 edition of the LTA (“the 1985
LTA”), to either lodge a caveat claiming adverse possession when qualified
title was issued, or to claim adverse possession 12 years after the qualified
tile was issued.

62 No caveat was in fact lodged, but the 1st Defendant contended that his
interest had crystallised 12 years after qualified title had been issued. The
problem faced by the 1st Defendant was that the 1985 LTA was replaced by the
1994 version of the LTA. Section 174(4) of the LTA preserves the position of a
claimant relying on adverse possession for claims of adverse possession before
1st March 1994, provided the claimant had lodged an application under the
previous LTA, and such application was pending. Section 174(8) of the LTA
preserved a claim arising before that date but for which no application had
yet been made: such application had however to be made within six months of
1st March 1994. As noted by the Plaintiffs, in _TSM Development Pte ltd v
Leonard Stephanie Celine nee Pereira_ [2005] 2 SLR(R) 371, the court
highlighted that the aim of the LTA was to abolish adverse possession subject
to savings for claims crystallised by 1st March 1994. In the present case,
however, the 1st Defendant could not bring himself within the LTA, as there
was nothing to show that he had made any such application. The 1st Defendant
argued that the provisions of the LTA could not operate retrospectively from
before 1994. The answer to this simply that s 174 of the LTA clearly and
unequivocally dealt with time periods before 1994. It was intended to, did and
still does operate retrospectively from 1994.

63 The 1st Defendant’s other line of argument was that the authorities on
adverse possession in the context of the LTA were distinguishable as they
concerned disputes between adjacent land. It was argued that this was
supported by the legislative debates in which it was clear that the focus of
the legislation was disputes between plots. It is clear though that while such
disputes would perhaps commonly involve adjacent plots that would not be the
only factual scenario throwing up issues of adverse possession. The classical
situation would involve squatters claiming possession against an absent
landowner. I could not see anything in either the legislation or the
parliamentary debates that would narrow the scope of the provisions of the LTA
to claims on adjacent plots. The relevant LTA provision is sufficiently broad
to cover such situations. Section 50 reads:

Except as provided in section 174(7) and (8), no title to land adverse in or
in derogation of the tile of a proprietor of registered land shall be acquired
by any length of possession by virtue of the Limitation Act (Cap 163) or
otherwise, nor shall the title of any operator of registered land be
extinguished by the operation of that Act.

The section is worded expansively.

64 The 1st Defendant’s arguments about the non-application of Torrens
legislation also goes against the scheme of the LTA. Torrens systems require
certainty and compliance with the statutory provisions – some interests that
are not specifically provided for may of course be protected by caveats, but
adverse possession is dealt with specially under the LTA, and there should
thus be strict compliance with it. The LTA is clear that the requirement had
to be met that there had to be registration that was at least pending before
1st March 1994. The land was converted to the Torrens system in 1967, and had
been unqualified by 2003.

65 The 1st Defendant however went beyond this line of argument and referred to
dispossession of the Plaintiffs and their parents, and referred to their
failure to take action until after 12 years. As I understood the eventual
argument, a strand of the 1st Defendant’s position is that the Plaintiffs’
claim should be defeated because the adverse possession created an independent
basis, that it is a property right in itself, even if does not become
perfected through registration under the statute. The issue of non-compliance
with the LTA was therefore, on the 1st Defendant’s argument, beside the point.

66 I could not accept the 1st Defendant’s argument. Adverse possession is an
aspect of limitation: _Tan Sook Yee_ , p 822. It operates in the context of
the concept of relativity of title and a contest between titles or claims to
title. And in that context of relativity of title, there has to be compliance
with the LTA as that statute controls all aspects of title and its perfection
in respect of Torrens land in Singapore. In other words, the land register is
absolute and registered title is indefeasible: _Gibbs v Messer_ [1891] AC 248;
and _Wong Kok Chin v Mah Ten Kui Joseph_ [1992] 1 SLR(R) 894. In the words of
the editors of _Tan Sook Yee_ at para 13.5:

…Title is passed only by registration. Second, once the title is registered,
it is indefeasible except by other interest as provided in the statute itself.

Certainly, it does not operate as an independent equitable right that goes to
the conscience of the other party, unlike proprietary estoppel.

67 Furthermore, the characteristics of the 1st Defendant’s line of argument
here makes this novel adverse possession claim seem similar to proprietary
estoppel – the 1st Defendant claims a right against the other legal owners,
based on the passage of time, defeating those other rights. However, no
representation or detrimental reliance needs to be shown. There is no
authority for a right of this nature.

68 It was also doubtful that even if adverse possession was at all a viable
argument, that it should have been raised in this way in opposition for an
order for partition or sale. Properly speaking, if the assertion by the 1st
Defendant was to the legal title, and not just the equitable title, he should
have sought rectification of the land register; that would have put paid to
the Plaintiffs’ claim if it were successful.

Miscellaneous grounds raised against the application

69 Several other issues were also raised, which may be addressed briefly.

70 There was an argument based on limitation raised by the 1st Defendant,
citing the Limitation Act. This argument was misconceived. The orders sought
by the Plaintiffs was for partition or sale: it is not an action for recovery
of land subject to the Limitation Act. An order for sale or partition is
simply an order giving effect of the legal ownership that is already vested in
the co-owners. There is no recovery of land at all: the land in question was
and is theirs.

71 The 1st Defendant invoked laches and acquiescence. Acquiescence here may be
synonymous with a form of waiver or laches properly speaking, _ie_ , delay
with prejudice: see Meagher, Gummow and Lehane's _Equity: Doctrine and
Remedies_ (LexisNexis Butterworths, 5th Ed, 2015) at para 38-010. Where laches
arise, equitable relief will be refused: _Lindsay Petroleum Company, The v
Prosper Armstrong Hurd, Abram Farewell, and John Kemp_ (1874) LR 5 PC 221. As
noted by the Plaintiffs, in _Tan Yong San v Neo Kok Eng_ [2011] SGHC 30, Loh
JC stated that laches would be a defence to a claim for equitable relief, but
not a legal one. The Plaintiffs’ claim was founded on a legal right not an
equitable one. It was an order giving effect to their legal title as co-
owners.

72 The 1st Defendant indicated that he wished to challenge the validity of the
will of 1980. This was a separate matter from the present proceedings.

The Sale of the Property

73 The 1st Defendant failed to show that he had any competing rights that
would bar the sale by the Plaintiffs. As to the sale of the Property, I found
that there were no reasons that would stand in the way of a sale. I rejected
the arguments against the sale that were founded on proprietary estoppel,
promissory estoppel, and other grounds. I was satisfied that sale should be
ordered under paragraph 2 of the First Schedule and s 18(2) of the Supreme
Court of Judicature Act (Cap 322, Rev Ed 2007) (“the SCJA”). As noted by the
Plaintiffs, the power to order a sale has been recognised, even where other
co-owners object: _Toh Tian Sze v Han Kim Wah_ [2012] 3 SLR 682 (“ _Toh Tian
Sze_ ”). The Plaintiffs argued that impracticability of partition was a
relevant consideration. Such impracticability could be due to the size of the
property, absence of planning permission, and the inability of the co-owners
to cooperate to partition. In addition, the Plaintiffs further contended that
it would be relevant to consider whether sale may be more advantageous for all
the co-owners, and whether there would be any serious injustice to objecting
co-owners.

74 The controlling authority in this area is _Abdul Razak Valibhoy and another
v Abdul Rahim Valibhoy and others_ [1995] 1 SLR(R) 441. That decision noted
that the Court would take into account all relevant considerations. In
particular, it was highlighted in that case that at first instance, proposals
for partition had been explored; impracticabilities and difficulties in doing
so were demonstrated, and that it was found that partition was not practicable
or feasible on a just and equitable basis.

75 As noted by the parties, various factors have been taken into account by
the Courts in determining whether a sale is necessary or expedient. Section
18(2) of the SCJA states that the High Court will have in addition to powers
vested under sub-section (1), the powers set out in the First Schedule.
Paragraph 2 of the First Schedule reads:

**Partition and sale in lieu of partition**

2\. Power to partition land and to direct a sale instead of partition in any
action for partition of land; and in any cause or matter relating to land,
where it appears necessary or expedient, to order the land or any part of it
to be sold, and to give all necessary and consequential directions.

I agree with the views expressed in _Tan Sook Yee_ , at para 9.65 that the
requirements of necessity and expediency strictly apply only to situations
other than a direct application for sale or partition. Nonetheless, I consider
these requirements as possibly relevant factors in the determination by the
court.

76 In exercising the discretion, the courts have looked at the question of
injustice and impact on the parties: _Chiam Heng Luan and others v Chiam Heng
Hsien and others_ [2007] 4 SLR(R) 305. The inquiry is thus broad ranging.
Probably little will be gained by any attempt to exhaustively define the scope
of the Court’s survey. As recognised in _Toh Tian Sze_ and _Abu Bakar v
Jawahir and others_ [1993] 1 SLR(R) 865, a co-owner has the right to seek
partition. The Court may consider sale as an alternative, which would probably
be the more attractive option to the applicant anyway.

77 I accepted the Plaintiffs’ arguments that there were impracticalities in
partitioning, given the state of the relationship of the parties. The various
co-owners have had little contact between themselves. There was also the
previous litigation to take into account. In view of the clearly strained
relationship, it would be too optimistic to require the parties to work
together. Partitioning land would require negotiation, trade-offs and
compromise. None of these were likely to be forthcoming here. Partition would
also run into difficulties here given the location and shape of the Property:
the road frontage for the partitioned plots, as well as the fact that building
on the Property straddled the land, would mean that any partition would be
awkward. It may be that gerrymandering the Property to preserve the building
may yet be topologically possible, but would likely have resulted in a
diminished commercial value of the partitioned plots. These difficulties would
also probably mean that planning permission would be difficult to obtain.

78 I found that there was no injustice on the facts. The 1st Defendant
contended that he had been deprived of the opportunity to have purchased
another property. He also referred to the emotional attachment he had, the
inaction by the Plaintiffs, his health conditions and the difficulties he
would face finding another property at his age. None of these to my mind were
sufficient to bar the sale of the Property. Attachment to a particular plot is
not a determining factor. It may be relevant in some circumstances, but it
cannot normally be determinative when other co-owners wish to partition or
sell. Their property rights, including the rights of disposal, would have to
be given due weight. Similarly, difficulties in finding alternative property,
or health problems, could not normally deprive co-owners of their property
rights unless it was of such a significant degree that movement out of the
property was near impossible. As to being deprived of the opportunity to
purchase another property, that was simply outweighed by the 1st Defendant’s
enjoyment of the Property all these years.

The division of the proceeds

79 The division took into account the relevant contributions made by the 1st
Defendant and which were the subject of his counterclaim. The 1st Defendant
argued that he had spent money on maintaining the Property. The Plaintiffs
disputed this. I was of the view that the counterclaim made by the 1st
Defendant for expenses incurred by him did not succeed except for one part.

80 As argued by the Plaintiffs, there was little by way of documentary
evidence for most of the claims. Additionally, the various expenses made by
him were largely for his own benefit in the years of occupation, and were not
such as to create an obligation for repayment by the other owners in the
present circumstances. There may be expenses incurred which may be necessary
to preserve the Property, and such expenses may be the subject of
reimbursement; however, enjoyment of the Property by the claiming party can be
taken into account: _Tan Chui Lian v Neo Liew Eng_ [2007] 1 SLR(R) 265.

81 The 1st Defendant also claimed that he had paid off a mortgage over the
Property. However, as argued by the Plaintiffs, this was found in S 722 to
have been in respect of a share trading account and had no link to the
Property. Aside from the issue estoppel that would have arisen, I found on the
evidence before me in this application that there was no evidence anyway that
there was any mortgage over the Property that was discharged by the 1st
Defendant.

82 There was however one category that should be taken into account, namely
the taxes that were due on the Property. These payments would have had to be
made by the owners, and were not just for the benefit of the 1st Defendant in
his enjoyment of the occupation of the Property, so there should be accounting
_inter se_. An adjustment was thus made to the amount due here.

Orders made

83 I ordered a sale in lieu of partition. However, no sale was to take place
until six months after the date of the order, with a sum representing the
property tax to be shared by the other co-owners to be reimbursed to the 1st
Defendant from the proceeds of sale. Subsequently, on the 1st Defendant’s
application, I granted a stay of execution pending the appeal filed by him. I
also fixed costs in favour of the Plaintiffs payable by the 1st Defendant.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 31 Aug 2015 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

