Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Re Rogers, Heather QC  
[2015] SGHC 174

Case Number| :| Originating Summons No 532 of 2015  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 08 July 2015  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Steven Chong J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  George Bonaventure Hwang Chor Chee (George Hwang LLC) for
the applicant; Davinder Singh SC, Angela Cheng, Samantha Tan and Imran Rahim
(Drew & Napier LLC) for the plaintiff in S 569/2014; Jeyendran Jeyapal
(Attorney-General's Chambers) for the Attorney-General; Christopher Anand
Daniel, Harjean Kaur and Aw Sze Min (Advocatus Law LLP) for the Law Society of
Singapore.  
Parties| :|  Re Rogers, Heather QC  
  
8 July 2015|  
---|---  
  
Steven Chong J:

Introduction

1 In this summons, the applicant, Ms Heather Rogers QC, sought to be admitted
to practise as an advocate and solicitor of the Supreme Court of Singapore on
an _ad hoc_ basis under s 15 of the Legal Profession Act (Cap 161, 2009 Rev
Ed) (“LPA”) in order that she might represent Mr Roy Ngerng Yi Ling in Suit No
569 of 2014 (“S 569/2014”). After due consideration of the matter, I dismissed
the application and delivered brief oral grounds.

2 The decision of the Court of Appeal in _Re Beloff Michael Jacob QC_ [2014] 3
SLR 424 (“ _Re Beloff_ ”) introduced a great deal of analytical clarity to
this area of the law. However, it was still my observation that there were
several features of the new admission regime which still appear not to be
properly understood. Two of them stand out for mention: the first was the
requirement of “ _special_ qualifications and experience” [emphasis added]
stipulated in s 15(1)(_c_) of the LPA; the second was the concept of an
“inequality of arms”, which is often cited as a factor which is believed to
weigh in favour of admission. Thus, I decided to issue full written grounds in
order to amplify on some of the points I made in my brief oral grounds.

Facts

Suit No 569 of 2014

3 On 15 May 2014, Mr Ngerng published an article entitled “Where Your CPF
Money Is Going: Learning From The City Harvest Trial” (“the article”) on his
blog, “The Heart Truths to Keep Singaporeans Thinking by Roy Ngerng”. Mr
Ngerng also published a link to the article on his Facebook page and on the
Facebook page registered in the name of his blog (see _Lee Hsien Loong v Roy
Ngerng Yi Ling_ [2014] SGHC 230 (“ _LHL v RNYL_ ”) at [1]–[4]). On 29 May
2014, Mr Lee Hsien Loong, the Prime Minister of Singapore, commenced S
569/2014 claiming that the article was defamatory of him. After the close of
pleadings, Mr Lee applied, in Summons No 3403 of 2014 (“SUM 3403/2014”), for
the court to ascertain the natural and ordinary meaning of the allegedly
defamatory materials pursuant to O 14 r 12 of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R
5, 2014 Rev Ed) (“the ROC”) and to grant summary judgment under O 14 r 1 on
the basis that Mr Ngerng had no defence to the claim.

4 The parties appeared before Lee Seiu Kin J on 18 September 2014 for the
hearing of SUM 3403/2014. On that occasion, Mr Ngerng was represented by Mr M
Ravi of M/s L F Violet Netto and Mr Eugene Thuraisingam of M/s Eugene
Thuraisingam. The sole defence pleaded was that the law of defamation
contravened Art 14 of the Constitution of the Republic of Singapore (1985 Rev
Ed, 1999 Reprint) (“the Constitution”). On 7 November 2014, Lee Seiu Kin J
adjudged that the article was indeed defamatory and that Mr Ngerng had not
established a triable defence to the claim (see _LHL v RNYL_ at [25] and
[61]). Lee J granted interlocutory judgment in favour of Mr Lee with damages
to be assessed.

5 Between 7 November 2014 and 28 May 2015, when the present application was
filed, the parties appeared before this court on eight occasions. Mr Ngerng
was represented first by Mr Ravi (assisted by Mr Thuraisingam), then by Mr
Thuraisingam alone (from 23 February 2015),[note: 1] and finally by Mr George
Hwang, who took over from Mr Thuraisingam on 9 March 2015. The assessment for
damages hearing took place from 1 – 3 July 2015.

The present application

6 On 30 May 2015, Ms Rogers filed Originating Summons No 532 of 2015 (HC/OS
532/2015). Two affidavits were filed in support of the application: one by Ms
Rogers herself and the second by Mr Hwang, who identified himself as “the
solicitor instructing the Applicant in this action”. Mr Hwang explained that
Ms Rogers had been instructed by Mr Ngerng sometime on or about 20 March 2015
(after Mr Hwang assumed conduct of the matter) and that she had been advising
Mr Ngerng since. Mr Hwang also indicated that should Ms Rogers be admitted, he
would serve as her junior counsel in future hearings.[note: 2]

The parties’ arguments

7 I begin by reproducing the relevant portions of s 15 of the LPA, which
governs _ad hoc_ admissions, for ease of reference:

**Ad hoc admissions**

15.—(1) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Act, the court may,
for the purpose of any one case, admit to practise as an advocate and
solicitor any person who —

(_a_) holds —

(i) Her Majesty’s Patent as Queen’s Counsel; or

(ii) any appointment of equivalent distinction of any jurisdiction;

(_b_) does not ordinarily reside in Singapore or Malaysia, but has come or
intends to come to Singapore for the purpose of appearing in the case; and

(_c_) has special qualifications or experience for the purpose of the case.

(2) The court shall not admit a person under this section in any case
involving any area of legal practice prescribed under section 10 for the
purposes of this subsection, unless the court is satisfied that there is a
special reason to do so.

…

(6A) The Chief Justice may, after consulting the Judges of the Supreme Court,
by notification published in the _Gazette_ , specify the matters that the
court may consider when deciding whether to admit a person under this section.

8 The admission framework was neatly summarised by the Court of Appeal at [54]
of _Re Beloff_. In gist, every application for _ad hoc_ admission proceeds
sequentially in two stages: the court first has to ensure that the _mandatory_
statutory conditions precedent for admission found in ss 15(1) and (2) are
satisfied _before_ it proceeds to consider whether it should exercise its
discretion in favour of admission with reference to the framework of
considerations listed at para 3 of the Legal Profession (Ad Hoc Admissions)
Notifications 2012 (S 132/2012) (“the Notification Matters”). In other words,
if the mandatory requirements are not met, “the application must fail and the
question of discretion does not arise” (see _Re Beloff_ at [54]). In adopting
this approach, the Court of Appeal departed from the position taken in _Re
Caplan Jonathan Michael QC_ [2013] 3 SLR 66 (“ _Re Caplan_ ”) where the court
held the mandatory requirement in s 15(2) of the LPA was not a “prior
threshold provision but should instead be read harmoniously with the
Notification matters” (at [48]).

9 As a practical matter, I agree that there is some overlap in the
considerations which will be taken into account in the mandatory requirements
and in the Notification Matters (see _Re Caplan_ at [49]). However, the two
requirements remain distinct and should be given separate treatment. In _Re
Beloff_ at [58], the Court of Appeal opined that even though there is a
“substantial overlap” between s 15(1)(_c_) and the Notification Matters, for
clarity of analysis, the former should be “considered as a distinct
requirement that must be met _before_ the court considers whether the
Notification Matters call for admission” [emphasis added].

The applicant’s arguments

10 Mr Hwang argued that the application should be allowed for the following
reasons:[note: 3]

(a) First, the mandatory formal requirements in ss 15(1)(_a_) and (_b_) had
been satisfied since Ms Rogers holds the title of Queen’s Counsel.

(b) Second, it was “beyond doubt” that Ms Rogers, being one of the foremost
authorities on the law of defamation in the United Kingdom, possessed “special
qualifications or experience for the purpose of the case”. In support, Mr
Hwang pointed to the long list of defamation cases she had argued in her
career, the fact that she had co-authored a leading practitioner’s textbook on
the law of defamation — Brian Neill, _et al_ , _Duncan & Neill on Defamation_
(LexisNexis, 4th Ed, 2015), and that Ms Rogers was intimately involved in the
drafting of the Defamation Act 2013 (c 23) (UK).

(c) Third, a “special reason” for admission need not be shown since the
present matter involves the tort of defamation, which was not one of the
“ring-fenced” areas of practice specified in r 32(1) of the Legal Profession
(Admission) Rules 2011 (S 244/2011) (“Legal Profession (Admission) Rules”).

(d) Fourth, there was a “need” to admit the applicant to prevent Mr Ngerng’s
interests from being prejudiced at trial. This was so for three reasons: there
were (i) “novel factual and legal issues” which should be argued by an
advocate of Ms Rogers’ standing; (ii) Mr Ngerng was unable to secure the
services of local senior counsel; and (iii) given the quality of counsel on
the opposing side, there would be an “inequality of arms” if she were not
admitted.

The respondents’ arguments

11 Mr Lee, the Law Society of Singapore, and the Attorney-General all opposed
the application (collectively, “the respondents”). They did not dispute that
the mandatory requirements in ss 15(1)(_a_) and (_b_) had been satisfied and
they also accepted that no “special reason” need be shown for admission since
S 569/2014 did not involve a “ring-fenced” area of practice.

12 Mr Davinder Singh, on behalf of Mr Lee, submitted that the present
application should be dismissed on two grounds.

(a) First, the applicant had not shown that she had “special qualifications or
experience for the purpose of the case”. Mr Singh argued that the only issue
remaining for resolution in S 569/2014 was the assessment of damages. He
contended that this was an area of practice on which a significant body of
local jurisprudence had developed and which was informed by an understanding
of local political and social conditions, neither of which the applicant had
any demonstrable expertise in or familiarity with.[note: 4]

(b) Second, the applicant had not provided sufficient basis for the court to
exercise its discretion in her favour. Mr Singh argued that the issues in
contention were neither complex nor difficult and did not necessitate the
skills of local senior counsel, let alone foreign senior counsel. That being
the case, there was a large pool of local counsel who could competently
represent Mr Ngerng in this matter and he need not be represented by Ms
Rogers.[note: 5]

13 Mr Christopher Daniel, on behalf of the Law Society, and Mr Jeyendran
Jeyapal, on behalf of the Attorney-General, expressed some doubt on the
question of whether Ms Rogers had satisfied s 15(1)(_c_) of the LPA.[note: 6]
However, neither of them went as far as to say that s 15(1)(_c_) had not been
satisfied. Instead, they focused on the Notification Matters. On this point,
they agreed with Mr Singh that the only remaining issue in S 569/2014 was the
quantification of damages and that it was a straightforward exercise involving
the application of well-settled principles in the law of damages. This was an
issue which they contended could competently be handled by local counsel and
did not require the expertise of foreign senior counsel.[note: 7] Furthermore,
they argued that there had not been any reasonably conscientious search for
local counsel since Mr Ngerng had confined his search for local counsel (which
began very late in the day) only to senior counsel.[note: 8] In conclusion,
they submitted that this court ought not to exercise its discretion to admit
Ms Rogers.

Mandatory requirements

14 I need not say much about the mandatory formal requirements in ss
15(1)(_a_) and (_b_) of the LPA since it was not disputed that they had been
satisfied. It was clear that a “special reason” for admission under s 15(2) of
the LPA need not be shown since the present matter did not involve (a)
constitutional and administrative law; (b) criminal law; or (c) family law,
which are the areas prescribed under r 32(1) of the Legal Profession
(Admission) Rules. Thus, I only had to consider the requirement in s
15(1)(_c_) of the LPA.

15 Before proceeding, I pause to highlight one point. In her affidavit, Ms
Rogers did not personally depose that she satisfied the requirement set out in
s 15(1)(_b_) of the LPA: _ie_ , that she “does not ordinarily reside in
Singapore or Malaysia, but has come or intends to come to Singapore for the
purpose of appearing in the case”. Instead, it was Mr Hwang who deposed to
this on her behalf.[note: 9] I must stress that facts within an applicant’s
personal knowledge (such as his/her domicile and travel plans) should be
personally affirmed instead of being affirmed on his/her behalf by the
instructing solicitor (see _Re Caplan_ at [22]).

Section 15(1)(c): the importance of specificity

16 Section 15(1)(_c_) requires that the person seeking admittance be one who
possesses “ _special_ qualifications and experience _for the purpose of the
case_ ” [emphasis added]. There is no question that persons who possess the
title of Queen’s Counsel are lawyers of some eminence. Having perused the
supporting affidavits, I had no doubt that Ms Rogers is a well-respected
lawyer in the field of defamation in the United Kingdom. However, that alone
was insufficient. General subject-matter expertise is not the test. In order
to satisfy s 15(1)(c), the applicant “must have a _notable and particular
expertise_ that is _relevant to the issues that are presented in the case at
hand_ ” [emphasis added] (see _Re Beloff_ at [57]).

17 This is a critical point which is often overlooked. The whole purpose of
having an _ad hoc_ admissions scheme (rather than a general one) is to ensure
that each application is assessed on a case-by-case basis, according to the
requirement of “need” (see _Re Beloff_ at [42]). Therefore, it can never be
sufficient to argue, in a vague and general fashion, that an applicant has
“special qualifications and experience” merely by reference to his/her
expertise in a generic practice area. Instead, the inquiry is whether the
_specific issues which arise in the case at hand_ fall within the applicant’s
domain of expertise. I will illustrate this point by way of several examples.

18 In _Re Fordham, Michael QC_ [2015] 1 SLR 272 (“ _Re Fordham”_), the
applicant sought admission to represent Mr Deepak Sharma in his application
for judicial review of the decision of a Review Committee (“RC”) constituted
under s 85(6) of the LPA to evaluate the merits of Mr Sharma’s complaint that
two solicitors were guilty of professional misconduct in seeking grossly
excessive party-and-party costs. The RC wholly dismissed Mr Sharma’s
complaints against the first solicitor and partially dismissed his complaint
against the second. In _Re Fordham_ , I noted that the substantive issues in
the contemplated judicial review application pertained to matters of ethics
and professional responsibility, which fell to be decided almost exclusively
on the basis of local case law and statutory instruments. At [60], I observed:

… _While the Applicant is clearly well-versed in the principles of judicial
review, that does not inexorably mean that he is well-placed to argue all
kinds of judicial review proceedings_. The potential issues arising in those
proceedings have to be looked at closely and, having done so, I am in no doubt
that it attracts an abundance of local content. _I have not, however, been
pointed to any, much less special, qualifications and/or experience which the
Applicant may have in dealing with these domestic sources of law_. Putting it
bluntly, it is simply not clear what the Applicant can bring to the table
given the **_highly local-centric nature of the issues_** arising at both the
leave application stage and at the substantive hearing for the quashing order.
[emphasis added in italics and bold italics]

19 By contrast, the applicant in _Re Lord Goldsmith Peter Henry PC QC_ [2013]
4 SLR 921 (“ _Re Lord Goldsmith”_) was held to have the requisite “special
qualifications and experience”. In that case, the applicant sought admission
to represent two individuals who sought declarations that s 377A of the Penal
Code (Cap 224, 2008 Rev Ed) (“the Penal Code”), which prohibited sexual
intercourse between men, was unconstitutional because it violated Art 12 of
the Constitution. At [17], the court held:

_There is no doubt that Lord Goldsmith is, in a broad sense, well qualified to
take on the Appellants’ case_ in CA 54. A member of the English bar since 1972
and appointed a Queen’s Counsel (“QC”) in 1987, Lord Goldsmith has dealt with
a wide range of cases including, most recently, cases of human rights law,
public law and private international law. … _Earlier this year, Lord Goldsmith
appeared before the Supreme Court of Judicature of Belize_ … _to argue that a
similar provision in Belize should be struck down as unconstitutional and
discriminatory_. **_Lord Goldsmith is thus not only experienced in general
human rights and public law, but has also acquired, through his involvement in
the Belize case, a specific knowledge and expertise of provisions with similar
objectives._** [emphasis added in italics and bold italics]

20 In _Re Caplan_ , the applicant sought to be admitted in order that he may
represent a defendant who had been charged with, _inter alia_ , six counts of
abetting by engaging in a conspiracy to commit criminal breach of trust under
s 409 of the Penal Code read with s 109 of the same. In that case, the court
was likewise satisfied that the applicant possessed the requisite “special
qualifications and experience” because he had previously been admitted to
practise _in Singapore_ to defend a person accused of an almost identical
offence (conspiracy to commit criminal breach of trust under s 405 read with s
109 of the Penal Code (Cap 224, 1985 Rev Ed)). Thus, the applicant was
assessed to be familiar not just with the substantive law of the offence, but
also with the attendant rules of criminal procedure which would be applied.

21 The significant difference between _Re Fordham_ on the one hand and _Re
Lord Goldsmith_ and _Re Caplan_ on the other is the presence of _specific
subject matter expertise_. The applicants in both _Re Lord Goldsmith_ and _Re
Caplan_ had argued cases involving almost identical issues and had, through
that process, acquired demonstrable expertise in the particular issues in
dispute. By comparison, what was notably absent in _Re Fordham_ was _any_
evidence that the applicant had any prior experience in conducting judicial
review proceedings of disciplinary tribunals constituted under legislation
similar to our LPA. As observed by V K Rajah JA in _Re Andrews Geraldine Mary
QC_ [2013] 1 SLR 872 (“ _Re Andrews”_) at [63], “[c]oncern for the _particular
case_ at hand is at the heart of the discretion of the court” [original
emphasis omitted; emphasis added in italics]. At the end of the day, the
applicant bears the burden of demonstrating that there is a clear nexus
between (a) the _specific_ issues which are presented in the case; and (b) his
qualifications and experience. With that in mind, I turn to the facts of the
present case.

Analysis: do the issues fall within the applicant’s domain of expertise?

22 In light of the foregoing, it can be seen that the framing of the issues
plays a critical role in determining the success of an admission application.
It affects not only the court’s analysis under s 15(1)(_c_) of the LPA, but
also the court’s evaluation of the considerations set out in the Notification
Matters. If the issues are framed too narrowly, no foreign senior counsel will
ever be able to gain admission because of their lack of familiarity with local
case-law. However, if the issues are pitched at too high a level of generality
then the requirement that there be “ _special_ qualifications… _for the
purpose of the case_ ” will be stripped of all content. This difficulty was
recognised in _Re Beloff_ at [68]:

… The issues in a case may be formulated at different levels of generality,
incorporating more or less reference to the specific facts of the case. In
general, the issue should be framed at a level where it is sufficiently
general so that the formulation remains neutral and does not in and of itself
suggest the answer to the ultimate question presented to the court. At the
same time, it should be sufficiently particular so that the utility of framing
the issues is not lost in vague generalisations.

In essence, the process of identification must be fair: it must strive to
accurately capture the essence of the underlying dispute in a manner that
still remains neutral as regards the outcome of the admission application.

23 At the highest level of generality, S 569/2014 was an action in defamation.
However, it was distinguished by the following features. First, interlocutory
judgment had already been entered and the matter was already scheduled before
Lee J for an assessment of damages (see [4] above). Thus, liability was no
longer an issue and the court was only concerned with the _quantification of
damages_. Second, Mr Lee was pursuing a claim for aggravated damages, _inter
alia_ , because he asserted that the publication of the defamatory article was
actuated by malice.[note: 10] The third distinguishing feature was the status
of Mr Lee as a public leader. This was important because Singapore courts have
consistently distinguished between categories of plaintiffs in the award of
damages, with higher damages being awarded for public leaders (see _Lim Eng
Hock Peter v Lin Jian Wei and another and another appeal_ [2010] 4 SLR 357 (“
_Lim Eng Hock Peter_ ”) at [11] and [12]).

24 It seemed to me, therefore, that the primary issue in S 569/2014 was the
quantification of general damages to be awarded for libel against a public
leader while the subsidiary issue was whether aggravated damages for malicious
publication should be awarded.

The character of the issues: is the jurisprudence uniquely local?

25 At [56] of _Re Beloff_ , the Court of Appeal held:

… It follows that when a case involves _an area of law in which the
jurisprudence is uniquely local_ , such as where the case turns on the meaning
of legislation that has no analogue elsewhere _or at least where the counsel
concerned has no direct experience with that body of law, it will ordinarily
be difficult to satisfy the court that foreign counsel has “special
qualifications or experience”_ for the purpose of that case. [emphasis added]

26 Citing this paragraph, Mr Singh argued that the underlying case raised
issues on which the jurisprudence is uniquely local.[note: 11] I accepted his
submission. Thus far, this principle had been applied in two cases. The first
was _Re Beloff_ itself. In that case, the applicant sought admission to
represent the plaintiff (a company providing financial services) in the
latter’s application to set aside a judgment of the Court of Appeal on the
basis that it was made without jurisdiction and infected by breaches of
natural justice. In analysing the application, the Court of Appeal held that
the underlying case disclosed three issues: (a) insolvency law, particularly
that relating to schemes of arrangement under the Companies Act (Cap 50, 2006
Rev Ed); (b) the court’s jurisdiction under the Supreme Court of Judicature
Act (Cap 322, 2007 Rev Ed); and (c) the rules of natural justice. The court
held that the applicant, a noted Queen’s Counsel with extensive experience in
administrative and public law, did not have “special qualifications and
expertise” for the purposes of the first two issues because they touched on
pieces of local legislation which the applicant did not have any particular
expertise in (although he was adjudged to have the requisite expertise for the
third): see _Re Beloff_ at [74]. The second was _Re Fordham_ , where I
observed that the outcome of the intended judicial review proceedings turned
largely on an examination of local statutory instruments — chiefly the LPA and
the Legal Profession (Professional Conduct) Rules (Cap 161, R 1, 2010 Rev Ed)
— which the applicant did not have any demonstrable expertise in (see [18]
above).

27 Although both _Re Beloff_ and _Re Fordham_ concerned the interpretation of
local legislation, I do not think that it is _only_ in such situations where
the jurisprudence could be said to be uniquely local. The Court of Appeal made
it clear that the principle applies also in cases where the counsel concerned
has “no direct experience with that body of law” (see _Re Beloff_ at [56]).
Indeed, I would go as far as to say that the characterisation of an issue as
being “uniquely local” is not confined only to situations in which the _body
of law_ is largely domestic. Thus, it appears that an issue can be considered
“uniquely local” if it involves an intimate knowledge of local social
conditions (_eg_ , inheritance laws). To me, the touchstone appears to be
whether the issues at hand involve a preponderance of domestic content (_ie_ ,
they are “local-centric”: see _Re Fordham_ at [60] and [63]).

28 In any event, the characterisation of an issue as being “uniquely local” is
not the end of the matter. It only means it will “ordinarily be difficult” to
satisfy the court that the requirement in s 15(1)(_c_) has been satisfied but
it remains possible that the court may be so persuaded. In both _Re Lord
Goldsmith_ and _Re Caplan_ , the underlying issues turned on matters which
involved the construction of local statutes (the Constitution and the Penal
Code respectively) yet the applicants were both assessed to have the requisite
“special qualifications and experience” (see [19] and [20] above).

29 The area of defamation law involves a critical balance between the twin
imperatives of the constitutional right to freedom of expression on the one
hand and the protection of the reputational interest of individuals on the
other. This is a balance which each society must strike for itself, applying
what the Privy Council in _Lange v Atkinson_ [2000] 1 NZLR 257 at 263 referred
to as a “value judgment which depends on local political and social
conditions.” This statement was approved by our Court of Appeal in _Review
Publishing Co Ltd and another v Lee Hsien Loong and another appeal_ [2010] 1
SLR 52 (“ _Review Publishing_ ”) at [271] and it serves as a reminder that the
law in this area, while tracing its heritage to the English common law, is now
largely a product of autochthonous development. I also note that Mr Hwang
himself recognised that Singapore had developed its own set of legal
principles on this subject.[note: 12]

30 Furthermore (and more importantly for present purposes), this extends also
to the principles governing the assessment of damages in the tort of
defamation. In _Lim Eng Hock Peter_ at [4] and [8], the Court of Appeal
explained that the award of general damages in defamation serves four
purposes: as a consolation for distress suffered, repair for harm suffered, a
vindication of the plaintiff’s reputation in the eyes of the public, and as a
deterrent against future infractions. Determining an appropriate sum that
reflects the consolatory, reparative, vindicatory, and deterrent objectives at
play is a fact-sensitive exercise that is, in the words of the Privy Council
in _Jeyaretnam Joshua Benjamin v Lee Kuan Yew_ [1981-1982] SLR(R) 353 at [26],
“peculiarly dependent on local conditions and local tariffs” (_ie_ , the
socio-political climate and conditions unique to each political culture).
Apart from this general point, two further features of the present case stand
out for further comment.

31 The first is the fact that our courts have consistently emphasised that our
political culture places a heavy premium on the values of honesty and
integrity in public discourse (see _Review Publishing_ at [272(d)]). Thus, the
reputational interest of political figures is given particular protection as
it impacts on the public’s impression of the integrity of the political system
of which they are a part. In _Lim Eng Hock Peter_ , the Court of Appeal put it
the following way:

12 _Singapore courts have consistently awarded higher damages to public
leaders than other personalities for similar types of defamation because of
the greater damage done not only to them personally, but also to the
reputation of the institution of which they are members_. The expression
“public leaders” in this context would be a reference to political and non-
political leaders in the Government and public sector and private sector
leaders who devote their careers and lives to serving the State and the
public. … _Public leaders are generally entitled to higher damages also
because of their standing in Singapore society and devotion to public service.
Any libel or slander of their character with respect to their public service
damages not only their personal reputation, but also the reputation of
Singapore as a State whose leaders have acquired a worldwide reputation for
honesty and integrity_ in office and dedication to service of the people. …

13 _Defaming a political leader is a serious matter in Singapore because it
damages the moral authority of such a person_ to lead the people and the
country. …

[emphasis added]

32 The second is that our courts have long ceased to rely on English awards as
a benchmark for local awards, being chary of the inconsistencies produced by
the jury system (see _Lee Kuan Yew and another v Tang Liang Hong and others
and other actions_ [1997] 2 SLR(R) 81 (“ _Tang Liang Hong_ ”) at [83]).
Instead, the court in _Tang Liang Hong_ stressed, in the context of the
assessment of damages for torts, that “[w]e have our own awards which the
courts here have sought to apply” and that it could not “see any reason why a
different approach should be adopted for defamation” (at [84]). That being the
case, it was unclear if Ms Rogers’ admittedly extensive experience with
defamation cases brought in the United Kingdom would be of much utility in the
assessment of damages in S 569/2014. Furthermore, I noted that the law of
defamation in the United Kingdom is now heavily influenced by jurisprudence
from the European Court of Human Rights (see _Duncan and Neill on Defamation_
(LexisNexis, 3rd Ed, 2009) at pp 3–19), which has taken it even further away
from the position in Singapore.

33 Taken together, these points — the centrality of an understanding of local
socio-political conditions, the unique emphasis placed on the reputational
interests of public leaders, and the preponderance and importance of local
decisions on the subject — suggest that this is an area of practice in which
counsel would, as I put it in _Re Fordham_ at [52], “have to draw ineluctably
from a distinctly local well of legal sources” in the preparation of their
cases. That being the case, the fact that the present case concerned
jurisprudence which was uniquely local made it _unlikely_ that the applicant
would be able to show that she had the requisite expertise.

The applicant’s pleaded expertise

34 Ms Rogers’ affidavit comprised nine short paragraphs of which the last five
related to the question of her “special qualifications and experience”. They
read:

5 I graduated with a First Class degree in Law from the London School of
Economics (London University), LLB(Hons) in 1980. I studied for the Bar
examinations at the Inns of Court School of Law and was placed first in the
year. I was called to the bar by the Honourable Society of Middle Temple in
1983. After pupillage (twelve months) and a short period working in-house for
a London newspaper, _I have been practising as a barrister in the area of
defamation law_ since 1987.

6 I was appointed a Queen’s Counsel in 2006. I have been named as a leading
barrister in the field of defamation law, both as a junior and as Queen’s
Counsel, by the principal directors in the UK, that is, “Chambers & Partners”
and the “Legal 500” for a number of years.

7 I have been involved in numerous defamation cases, both at trial and in
appeals. _I have been involved in leading cases in relation to the principles
relating to the assessment of damages for defamation at the appellate level_.
The defamation cases I have been involved include:

…

8 I am co-author of a leading practitioner text-book “Duncan & Neill on
Defamation” 4th ed., (LexisNexis, 2015). I was also a co-author of the
previous (3rd) edition (2009). Moreover, I worked closely with Lord Anthony
Lester QC in devising his private member’s bill to reform the law of
defamation, which played a part in the preparation of the UK Defamation Act
2013.

9 _I confirm that I have considered the application and all the relevant
material_ in relation to the underlying proceedings in Suit No. 569 of 2014
_and confirm that I will be able expertly [sic] discharge my duties to the
client and to the court_.

[emphasis added]

35 I observed that Ms Rogers’ affidavit was deficient in many respects. First,
there was _no_ supporting documentation appended — not even a copy of the
letters patent appointing Ms Rogers as Queen’s Counsel. Second, there was no
attempt to identify the issues in S 569/2014, let alone how they fell within
the domain of her expertise. This compared rather unfavourably with the
affidavit filed by the unsuccessful applicant in _Re Fordham_ (see _Re
Fordham_ at [20] and [50]), where the applicant had at least rendered a
lengthy written opinion setting out his views on the legal issues which would
arise in connection with Mr Sharma’s intended application for judicial review
(see [18] above). This shortcoming was particularly surprising given that Ms
Rogers was instructed by Mr Ngerng sometime in March 2015 and should therefore
have had ample time to prepare a detailed opinion. Third, the list of cases
found at para 7 of her affidavit (which was omitted from the quoted text)
merely listed, _in seriatim_ , some twenty-six cases in which Ms Rogers had
been instructed without any elaboration as to the issues which fell to be
decided, what each revealed about Ms Rogers’ expertise, or, more importantly,
how Ms Rogers’ involvement in those cases had given her experience which may
be brought to bear on the issues in S 569/2014. As I stressed at [21] above,
there must be a nexus between the identified issues and the appellant’s avowed
expertise. However, _no_ attempt was made to draw this crucial link in the
affidavit.

36 Let me be clear: I do not, for a moment, mean to cast _any_ doubt on Ms
Rogers’ expertise. I have no doubt that she is an excellent lawyer who is
well-regarded in the field of defamation. Rather, the point which I seek to
make is that, at the end of the day, it is the court which must be satisfied
that the mandatory requirements have been satisfied (see _Re Beloff_ at [51])
and on this issue, I derived little assistance from the supporting affidavits
which had been filed. In the final analysis, there was simply no material
before me to suggest that Ms Rogers would be particularly conversant with the
delicate matrix of factors which inform the award of damages for libel against
public figures in Singapore.

37 During the oral hearing, Mr Hwang sought to persuade me that given Ms
Rogers’ experience and expertise in English law on defamation, she would be
able to get up to speed on the relevant local principles in time for the
assessment hearing. This was a _non-sequitur_. The relevant inquiry was
whether she _already_ had the requisite special qualifications for the
purposes of this case and not whether she had the ability to _acquire_ that
expertise over time.

Was Ms Rogers’ expertise relevant to any subsidiary issues?

38 When he appeared before me, Mr Hwang was at pains to stress that there is
“no rule that in every case involving multiple issues the foreign counsel’s
expertise must be relevant to every one of those issues” (see _Re Beloff_ at
[77]). I accepted this as an accurate statement of the law. Building on this,
Mr Hwang sought to persuade me that there were a number of subsidiary issues
in the present case on which Ms Rogers’ expertise may be brought to bear. They
were:

(a) First, whether Mr Ngerng should be held liable for the damage caused by
third-party publication of the defamatory material.

(b) Second, the appropriate quantum of costs to be awarded given that Mr
Ngerng “lacks the means to make payment into court”.

(c) Third, the factual issues surrounding Mr Lee’s claim for aggravated
damages, with particular attention to the question whether the publication was
actuated by malice.

39 It was clear to me that the first issue concerned, generally, the
principles governing the award of damages for the tort of defamation which I
had already held to be a local-centric issue on which it had not been shown
that Ms Rogers had any particular special qualifications or experience.

40 As for the second issue, I must confess that I had some difficulty
understanding the issue as initially framed. During the oral hearing, Mr Hwang
clarified that what he had in mind was the situation contemplated under O 22
of the ROC, which permits a defendant to pay a sum into court in prospective
satisfaction of _damages_ to be awarded in the claim brought by the plaintiff.
However, I struggled to understand why this was an issue which arose in the
context of the assessment of damages hearing. If what Mr Hwang was suggesting
was that the impecuniosity of a defendant ought to affect the quantum of
damages awarded, that was a staggering submission which I did not think could
be supported by any authority.

41 As for the third matter, Mr Hwang stressed that this was a “trial” which
“requires a lawyer who is skilled in cross-examination and who is able to make
irreversibly strategic decisions in the context of a dynamic process”.[note:
13] This passage was lifted from the judgment of this court in _Re Lord
Goldsmith_ at [25]. However, to my mind, there were two objections which were
fatal to this submission. The first was that the primary disputed factual
issue is whether the publication was actuated by malice. It had been clear,
since the Further and Better Particulars were furnished by Mr Lee in June
_last year_ , that the assertion of malice was based entirely on matters said
and done by Mr Ngerng.[note: 14] Therefore, the factual issues relating to the
award of aggravated damages for malice fell to be decided based on the cross-
examination of Mr Ngerng, _not_ Mr Lee _or his witnesses_. In other words, it
was not a matter on which Ms Rogers’ expertise in cross-examination may be
brought to bear. The second was the problem of specificity which I flagged at
the start. It is trite to say that every legal issue turns on the facts.
However, an applicant has to show that the factual issues in _this particular
case_ are of such a nature that he/she is _particularly well-suited to address
them_. Mr Hwang made no attempt to contextualise his submissions in this
manner.

42 In summary, I concluded that the applicant had failed to show that she had
the requisite “special qualifications and experience” for the case as
mandatorily required by s 15(1)(_c_). On this ground alone, the application
failed.

An observation on the role of local counsel in admission applications

43 Before I leave this point, I think it is pertinent to make an important
observation about a point of practice in relation to the preparation of
applications for _ad hoc_ admission. Applicants who seek to be admitted to
practise in Singapore are not from our jurisdiction and are therefore not
familiar with the legal requirements in the LPA. Therefore, it is incumbent
upon the _local instructing solicitor_ preparing the application to ensure
that the documents are in order. This extends towards ensuring that the
supporting affidavits contain sufficient information to assist the court on
the merits of the application, particularly the question of whether the
identified issues fall within the domain of the applicant’s expertise.

44 In preparing the supporting affidavits, two general principles must be
borne in mind: (a) first, supporting affidavits should assist this court by
providing _all the facts that may be relevant_ in an assessment of the merits
of the application supported by the relevant documentary evidence (see _Re
Caplan_ at [23] and [24]); and (b) second, facts should be affirmed by persons
with personal knowledge of them (see O 41 r 5(1) of the ROC). Insofar as
applicants are concerned, their supporting affidavits should, at a minimum,
cover the following matters: (a) the date that the applicant was appointed a
Queen’s Counsel (or attained any appointment of equivalent distinction in any
jurisdiction); (b) the applicant’s present residence and an affirmation that
he/she intends to travel to Singapore for the purpose of appearing in the
case; (c) the applicant’s personal understanding of the legal issues in the
underlying case; and (d) a brief description of the applicant’s legal
expertise and how it may be brought to bear on the explication of the issues
in the underlying case. To that extent, I would commend the practice of
including a separate addendum (as was done in _Re Fordham_) covering the
matters listed in (c) and (d).

45 In the present case, Ms Rogers’ affidavit read more like a truncated
_curriculum vitae_ rather than an affidavit filed in support of _ad hoc_
admission. There was no indication — from the supporting affidavit — that
thought had been given to the detailed requirements for admission set out in
the LPA save for a brief sentence in the final paragraph which read, “I
confirm that I have considered the application and all the relevant material…
and confirm that I will be able [to] expertly discharge my duties.” The
practice of including this affirmation stems from the decision of this court
in _Re Caplan_ :

22 … In particular, for the purposes of an _ad hoc_ admission application, the
foreign senior counsel in question should also _expressly confirm in his
affidavit that he has considered the application and all the relevant material
in relation to the underlying proceedings, and that he is able to expertly
discharge his duties_.

23 Having clarified _who should file_ affidavits in support of ad hoc
admission applications, I turn now to another important procedural practice
point **pertaining to the details of the contents of such affidavits.****_It
is important for the court to have the fullest possible picture of all the
relevant facts_**. … **[S]olicitors**** _should endeavour to ensure that all
relevant details are presented to the court_** _and are supported by relevant
documentary evidence_.

[emphasis added in italics and bold italics]

46 Paragraph 22 must be read in conjunction with paragraph 23 — the
overarching principle is that the supporting affidavits should provide details
in order to give the court “the fullest possible picture of the relevant
facts”. Unless supported by a careful consideration of the underlying issues,
the averment found at para 22 is meaningless. The averment was never intended
to be a mere formality to be tacked unthinkingly at the end of a supporting
affidavit; instead, it should be the capstone of a considered exposition on
the legal issues and why they fall within the domain of the applicant’s
pleaded expertise.

The Notification Matters

47 Having found that the requirement in s 15(1)(_c_) had not been satisfied,
the question of the court’s discretion did not even arise (see [8] above). For
completeness, however, I went on to consider the Notification Matters and I
concluded that I would not, in any event, have exercised my discretion in the
applicant’s favour. To explain why, I begin by first setting out the
Notification Matters:

(a) the nature of the factual and legal issues involved in the case;

(b) the necessity for the services of a foreign senior counsel;

(c) the availability of any Senior Counsel or other advocate and solicitor
with appropriate experience; and

(d) whether, having regard to the circumstances of the case, it is reasonable
to admit a foreign senior counsel for the purpose of the case.

48 It is well-established that the factors are not set out in any particular
order of precedence (see _Re Andrews_ at [45]). Instead, they function as
“signposts” that point towards the “ultimate question”: _viz_ , “whether
having regard to all the circumstances of the case, it is reasonable to admit
the foreign counsel” (see _Re Beloff_ at [53]). But what is “reasonable” in
this context? In this context, “reasonable” is synonymous with “necessary”. To
quote again from _Re Beloff_ at [42] and [65]:

42 … In our judgment, the rationale that directly underlies the 2012
amendments points to a broader proposition which, in the words of the Minister
for Law, is that _“ad hoc counsel will only be admitted on the basis of need,
and it will not be a free for all”._ “Need” connotes a fairly stringent
standard which is not satisfied merely by showing that the admission of
foreign counsel is desirable or convenient or sought as a matter of choice. It
_suggests that the litigant seeking admission of foreign counsel would be
prejudiced if his application was not allowed, and that this prejudice is of
an appropriately significant degree_.

…

65 It follows from all we have said that although for analytical purposes,
each of the Notifications Matters is to be considered individually, yet they
are also inevitably bound to impact each other and so to be considered
collectively. We reiterate that the weight accorded to the various factors
taken into consideration is very much at the court’s discretion, but **_the
broad principle in accordance with which the discretion must be exercised is
that foreign senior counsel should only be admitted on the basis of “need”_**.

[emphasis added in italics and bold italics]

49 With these points in mind, it is clear that everything must be viewed
through the prism of “need”. To build on this metaphor, it seems to me that
the various Notification Matters present different facets of the same gem: as
the court works through the various Notification Matters, it examines the
question of necessity from different angles. Needless to say, the
circumstances which may disclose such a “need” are manifold and cannot be
exhaustively stated. One notable example would be where a litigant would be
_inadequately_ represented if admission were not granted: _eg_ , “there was
some chance that the issues in a case would not be properly ventilated or
framed without the participation of foreign senior counsel” (see _Re Lord
Goldsmith_ at [54]). With these points in mind, I turn to the nature of the
issues.

The nature of the issues

50 As a starting point, I did not think the identified issues were so complex
or difficult such that the services of foreign senior counsel are required. It
might be true, as Mr Hwang pointed out, that this was the first time a blogger
had been sued in defamation by a Prime Minister. However, ultimately, the
quantum of damages fell to be decided on the basis of well settled principles
applicable in the law of damages. The recent decision of the Court of Appeal
in _Koh Sin Chong Freddie v Chan Cheng Wah Bernard and others and another
appeal_ [2013] 4 SLR 629, provided a comprehensive statement of the approach
to be taken in the assessment of general and aggravated damages in the tort of
defamation. These principles are not new and have been applied in many
previous cases (see, _eg_ , _Arul Chandran v Chew Chin Aik Victor_ [2001] 1
SLR(R) 86, _Lee Hsien Loong v Singapore Democratic Party and others and
another suit_ [2009] 1 SLR(R) 642, and _Lim Eng Hock Peter_).

51 That being said, the absence of complexity alone is not determinative. In
_Re Andrews_ at [48], Rajah JA held that if a decision on the underlying
issues can have significant precedential value or there is significant public
interest in the outcome, the absence of complexity would not necessarily
operate as an absolute barrier to admission. To that end, Mr Hwang submitted
that S 569/2014 disclosed legal issues of sufficient importance that their
treatment necessitated the expertise of foreign senior counsel. He identified
three:[note: 15]

(a) This was a novel case as it was the first time that a blogger has been
sued by a Prime Minister.

(b) Whether Mr Ngerng should be penalised for third party publication of the
defamatory material.

(c) Whether the creation of an internet hyperlink to the defamatory material
constituted “publication” of the material for the purpose of defamation law.
On this issue, Mr Hwang pointed to the decision of the Supreme Court of Canada
in _Crookes v Newton_ [2011] 3 RCS 269 (“ _Crookes_ ”), wherein it was held
that the publication of a hyperlink, by itself, should never be seen to be the
publication of the content to which it refers.

52 I did not see how the first point assisted Mr Hwang anywhere. Just as
novelty is not to be confused with complexity, matters which attract _popular
interest_ must not be mistaken for matters which are _in the public interest_.
I did not see how the present case was of significant precedential value. The
fact that this was the first time that a blogger has been sued by a public
leader might invite significant media attention, but that did not mean that
the decision was of significant legal import. This was also not the first time
that this court had to consider liability for defamatory material published on
the internet. For example, in _Golden Season Pte Ltd and others v Kairos
Singapore Holdings Pte Ltd and another_ [2015] 2 SLR 751 (“ _Golden Season_
”), this court found that the defendant was liable for defamatory material
which had been posted on his personal “Facebook” page.

53 I also did not see how the second question — third party publication — was
controversial. It is well settled that the tortfeasor is liable where the
republication was the natural and probable result of the original publication
(see the decision of the Court of Appeal in _Low Tuck Kwong v Sukamto Sia_
[2014] 1 SLR 639 at [38], citing _Goh Chok Tong v Jeyaretnam Joshua Benjamin_
[1997] 3 SLR(R) 46 at [127]).

54 The third issue — whether the _mere reference_ to defamatory material
through the creation of a hyperlink _alone_ constitutes publication — did not
arise on the facts of this case. The holding in _Crookes_ was that the _mere
act_ of making reference to the existence of defamatory material by the
creation of a hyperlink does not, _without more_ , constitute the publication
of that content such that liability in defamation lies (see _Crookes_ at [42],
per Abella J). However, that holding had no application to our facts since Mr
Ngerng was the _author_ of the defamatory article, which he published on his
blog, and it was on this basis that his liability was established. Thereafter,
each instance in which the article was accessed or viewed by an individual
constituted a separate publication (see _Golden Season_ at [55]). It was not
the case that Mr Ngerng merely hyperlinked an article written by someone else.
Mr Ngerng’s act of creating hyperlinks to promote the existence of _his_
article only contributed to its spread.

The necessity for foreign counsel and the pool of suitable local counsel

55 The second and third Notification Matters require this court to consider if
there had been any “reasonably conscientious efforts to secure the services of
competent local counsel” (see _Re Caplan_ at [69]). It is important to
understand why this inquiry is important. Under the present framework for _ad
hoc_ admission, the focus is not so much on the development of the local bar
_per se_ (though that is still a factor to consider), but the overarching
question of whether there is a _need_ for the litigant to be represented by
foreign senior counsel (see _Re Andrews_ at [36(a)]). It is obvious that if
there has not been a genuine search for local counsel, it will be difficult to
persuade this court that there is any necessity for foreign senior counsel to
be admitted. Conversely, the presence of available local senior counsel (“SC”)
is not invariably a bar to the admission of foreign counsel, though it would
be difficult to persuade the court that the requisite element of need is
present. When understood in this light, it makes sense that the second and
third Notification Matters (the necessity for foreign counsel and the
availability of local counsel with suitable experience) should be considered
together (see _Re Caplan_ at [66]).

56 On this issue, Mr Hwang raised two broad points:

(a) First, the available pool of suitable local counsel was limited, given
that there were only 31 active SCs who had the requisite expertise to take on
this case. Compounding the difficulty was the fact that, given the exigencies
of time, it was very unlikely that any of them would be able to take the case
on short notice.[note: 16] Mr Hwang deposed that he had contacted seven SCs
(at the average rate of one a week over the course of six weeks), all of whom
either indicated that they were not able to take conduct of the case or did
not reply.

(b) Second, the possibility of an “inequality of arms” weighed heavily in
favour of admitting Ms Rogers. Mr Hwang argued that Mr Singh is an experienced
senior counsel with a team of associates at his disposal and that,
consequently, Mr Ngerng would be prejudiced in the conduct of his defence if
he were not represented by a lawyer of similar stature. In that regard, he
pointed out that Ms Rogers had also been working on the case for several weeks
now and was familiar with the issues.[note: 17]

The unavailability of local senior counsel

57 It is well established that the size of the pool of suitable local counsel
depends on the evaluation of the nature of the issues. The more difficult
and/or novel the issues are, the smaller the pool of suitable local counsel
and _vice versa_ (see _Re Fordham_ at [75]). Given that the issues were not
esoteric, unusual or complex, I agreed with the respondents that there was a
large body of local practitioners who could competently represent Mr Ngerng.
That being the case, it was disappointing that _no_ attempt had been made to
approach any member of the local bar who was not an SC. As I commented in _Re
Fordham_ at [88], there “cannot be a natural gravitation towards local SCs
_only_ ” [emphasis in original]. In the circumstances, I could only conclude
that there had not been a “reasonably conscientious” search for local counsel.

58 Furthermore, this omission was particularly striking considering that Mr
Ngerng had hitherto been content to be represented by local counsel who were
not SCs: Mr M Ravi and Mr Eugene Thuraisingam, who had conduct of the matter
during the liability hearing. In response to my question whether the liability
or assessment stage of the proceedings was more complex, Mr Hwang candidly
admitted that it was the former. Yet, Mr Ngerng was content to allow Mr Ravi
to represent him. Given that Mr Ravi was suitable at the more complex
liability stage, I failed to see why local non-SC would not be suitable at the
less complex assessment stage (unless the argument was that Mr Ravi was _the
only_ non-SC who could have represented Mr Ngerng, which was not the position
taken before me). During the course of the hearing, Mr Hwang attempted to
withdraw his earlier concession by suggesting that the liability hearing was
not as complex since Mr Ngerng had admitted that the offending article was
defamatory. I rejected this belated _volte-face_. At the end of the day, Mr
Ngerng elected to contest the application for summary judgment on the basis
that he had a triable defence (see [4] above) and he was represented by Mr
Ravi and Mr Thuraisingam at that time.

59 I must emphasise that the search for local counsel should not start too
late because the choice lawyers are likely to have court commitments.
Therefore, if litigants tarry for too long, they must accept the possibility
that they may not be represented by the lawyer of their choice. Litigants
should not be allowed to rely on their own delay to create a situation of need
and, on that basis, seek to have foreign senior counsel admitted to argue
their case. In this case, the search for local SC only began on 1 April 2015,
some five months after liability had already been determined and nearly a year
after the commencement of the suit. I appreciate that Mr Ngerng had been
represented by Mr Ravi until 22 February 2015 but it seems to me that if Mr
Ngerng genuinely believed that the present case required the expertise of
local SC, the search ought to have begun much earlier.

Inequality of arms

60 Further, I also rejected Mr Hwang’s submission that this court should admit
Ms Rogers to ensure an “equality of arms” and avoid a “David and Goliath”
scenario.[note: 18] The touchstone of admission is “need”, not “equality”. As
stated by this court in _Re Andrews_ at [61]:

… _Equality of arms is but a means to an end_ , and if that end is likely to
be achieved even if there is an inequality, or even significant inequality, of
arms, there is no reason to accord substantial weight to this factor. This may
occur, for instance, where the issues in the underlying case are simple. …
[original emphasis omitted; emphasis added in italics]

61 The “end” is the prevention of substantial prejudice to the litigant
seeking to have the foreign senior counsel admitted (see [48] above). Unless
the disparity in representation would lead to inadequate or under-
representation, the quality of the legal representation on the opposing side
is not, without more, a reason for this court to admit foreign senior counsel,
particularly where the underlying issues are not particularly complex. It
cannot be the case that a litigant is entitled to be represented by a foreign
senior counsel simply because the opposing party is represented by a senior
counsel. Such a situation would lead, in the words of Tay Yong Kwang J in _Re
Millar Gavin James QC_ [2008] 1 SLR(R) 297 at [41], to “absurd consequences”.

62 I agreed with Mr Daniel that the case of _Re Andrews_ , where the “equality
of arms” argument was accepted, was a world apart from the instant case. In
_Re Andrews_ , the plaintiff initiated his suit in May 2009. The defendant
thereafter applied for the statement of claim (“SOC”) to be struck out and
prevailed both at first instance (in July 2009) and before the Court of Appeal
(in May 2010). The plaintiff attempted to reformulate his pleadings but was
once against opposed by the defendant, who succeeded before the Assistant
Registrar and in the High Court. It was only in November 2011, when the Court
of Appeal heard the matter, that it was accepted that the plaintiff’s
reformulated pleadings (which were drafted with the assistance of Ms Geraldine
Andrews QC, the applicant seeking admission) disclosed a viable cause of
action. Along the way, the plaintiff was represented by no less than four sets
of local counsel: the first of which the plaintiff discharged (Mr Peter Low),
the second withdrew from the conduct of the case (Mr Roderick Martin, who was
subsequently appointed SC), the third was unable to commit to representing him
for the duration of the matter (Prof Tan Cheng Han SC); while the fourth was
only retained as his solicitor to instruct counsel to represent him in court
(Mr Narayanan Vijya Kumar).

63 It was this unique trinity of factors — (a) the “tortured procedural
history of this matter and the Plaintiff’s unhappy experiences with local
counsel (who were either unable to formulate the Plaintiff’s claim properly or
unable to commit themselves to conduct the entirety of proceedings)” (see _Re
Andrews_ at [86]); (b) the trenchant resistance put up by the defendants at
every stage of the interlocutory proceedings (see _Re Andrews_ at [13]); and
(c) the fact that the plaintiff only succeeded in _pleading_ a viable cause of
action with the assistance of the applicant — that persuaded Rajah JA that
“[t]he imbalance in the quality of legal representation is… a pertinent factor
for the court to consider… [and that it is] a legitimate concern of the
Plaintiff that he wishes to secure legal representation which matches the
Defendants’ representation in terms of skill (_vis-à-vis_ advocacy and
advice), experience and knowledge of the law” (see _Re Andrews_ at [80]). In
the instant case, I did not think such a situation existed. Not only were the
issues comparatively simple, it was also clear that Mr Ngerng had been
competently represented by local non-SC and (more importantly) _had been
content_ to be represented by local non-SC.

64 In summary, I saw no reason for this court to exercise its discretion in
favour of admission. It could not be said that Mr Ngerng would face
significant prejudice if Ms Rogers were not admitted to represent him in the
assessment of damages in S 569/2014.

Conclusion

65 In conclusion, the application was dismissed for two independently
sufficient reasons. First, the applicant had not succeeded in proving that she
had “special qualifications and experience for the purpose of _the present_
case”, which is a mandatory statutory requirement for admission under s
15(1)(_c_) of the LPA. Second, the applicant had not succeeded in
demonstrating that, in light of all the circumstances of the case, there was
good and sufficient reason for the court to exercise its discretion in favour
of admission.

Costs

66 As the application had been dismissed for want of compliance with s
15(1)(_c_), costs should follow the event and Mr Hwang agreed. Mr Singh sought
to persuade me, following _Re De Lacy Richard QC_ [2003] 4 SLR(R) 23, that
even though the application was taken out in the name of Ms Rogers, the “true
party” who stood to benefit from this application (and who therefore should
bear the costs of the application) was Mr Ngerng. Mr Hwang very fairly agreed
that this ought to be the case.

67 I accepted this submission. The comments of the Court of Appeal in _Price
Arthur Leolin v Attorney-General and others_ [1992] 3 SLR(R) 113 at [15] are
apposite:

_The process for the admission of a Queen’s Counsel is technically a separate
matter from the action he seeks to appear in_ ; accordingly, no purely
interlocutory costs order such as “costs in the cause” may be made. This is
also because the party to the main action who seeks the representation of the
Queen’s Counsel is not also party to the proceedings for admission. In
practice, however, the brunt or benefit of the costs of such an application is
actually ultimately sustained by that party. In our opinion, therefore, it is
desirable that **_the principles of costs awards in such applications should
approximate as closely as is practicable to what they would be if such
applications were technically interlocutory chapters in the main action_**.
[emphasis added in italics and bold italics]

68 Applying this approach, I exercised my discretion under O 59 r 2 of the ROC
to order that the costs of this application, which I fixed at $6,000
(inclusive of disbursements), be borne personally by Mr Ngerng, who was to pay
the costs to Mr Lee forthwith.

69 I thank counsel for their able assistance.

* * *

[note: 1]Minute sheet of Lee Seiu Kin J dated 23 February 2015.

[note: 2]Affidavit of George Bonaventure Hwang Chor Chee dated 28 May 2015
(“Mr Hwang’s affidavit”) at paras 1, 2, and 20.

[note: 3]Applicant’s Written Submissions at paras 26–31.

[note: 4]Plaintiff’s Submissions for Originating Summons No 532 of 2015
(“Plaintiff’s submissions”) at paras 35–49.

[note: 5]Plaintiff’s submissions at paras 123–140.

[note: 6]Written Submissions of the Law Society of Singapore (“LSS’s
submissions”) at paras 19 and 20; The Attorney-General’s Written Submissions
(“AG’s submissions”) at para 13.

[note: 7]LSS’s submissions at paras 28–34; AG’s submissions at paras 16–19.

[note: 8]LSS’s submissions at paras 43 and 44; AG’s submissions at paras
29–33.

[note: 9]Mr Hwang’s affidavit at para 6.

[note: 10]Plaintiff’s submissions at para 5; Affidavit of Lee Hsien Loong
dated 4 May 2015 (“Plaintiff’s affidavit”) at paras 18–24.

[note: 11]Plaintiff’s submissions at paras 35, 39, 45, and 49.

[note: 12]Notes of Evidence of Steven Chong J in HC/OS 532/2015 dated 9 June
2015, p 1, line 40 to p 2, line 2.

[note: 13]Mr Hwang’s affidavit at para 13.

[note: 14]Plaintiff’s Further and Better Particulars in S 569/2014 dated 25
June 2014.

[note: 15]Applicant’s submissions at para 10.

[note: 16]Applicant’s submissions at paras 13–15; Mr Hwang’s affidavit at
paras 15–19.

[note: 17]Applicant’s submissions at para 29.

[note: 18]Applicant’s submissions at paras 29 and 32.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 08 Jul 2015 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

