Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Chong Kim Beng _v_ Lim Ka Poh (trading as Mysteel Engineering Contractor)
and others  
[2015] SGHC 90

Case Number| :| DCA No 36 of 2014  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 06 April 2015  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Woo Bih Li J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  N Srinivasan and Belinder Kaur Nijar (Hoh Law
Corporation) for the appellant; Foo Soon Yien (Bernard & Rada Law Corporation)
for the first and second respondents.  
Parties| :|  Chong Kim Beng — Lim Ka Poh (trading as Mysteel Engineering
Contractor) and others  
  
6 April 2015| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Woo Bih Li J:

Introduction

1 The appellant is Chong Kim Beng (“Chong”). He is a Malaysian employed as a
welder by Mysteel Engineering Contractor (“MEC”) sometime in 2011. The first
and second respondents, who are Lim Ka Poh and Choo Wooi Chin respectively,
were carrying on business under the name of MEC at all material times. Chong
was deployed by MEC to work for the third respondent, Chee Seng Engineering
Works Pte Ltd (“Chee Seng”), at a workshop at 3 Tuas Drive 1 (“the Site”). On
16 May 2011, Chong’s right hand was injured by the blades of a blower fan
(“the fan”) whilst working at the Site.

2 Chong then filed a claim against the first and second respondents trading as
MEC and against Chee Seng for his injuries, economic loss and damages.

3 After a trial, a District Judge (“the DJ”) gave oral judgment on 13 February
2014. He granted interlocutory judgment to Chong to the extent of 90% of the
damages to be assessed, with Chee Seng bearing 75% and MEC bearing the
remaining 15%. Chong was held to be 10% liable for his own negligence. The DJ
also clarified on 10 March 2014 that the liability of the defendants was not
joint. This meant that MEC was only liable for 15% and not 90% of the damages
vis-à-vis Chong.

4 Chong then filed an appeal. His appeal is confined to one aspect of the
judgment, which is the DJ’s holding that the defendants’ liability is not
joint. In other words, Chong contends that the defendants’ liability is joint
such that MEC and Chee Seng are each liable to him for 90% of his claim
although as between the defendants, MEC is liable for 15% and Chee Seng is
liable for 75%. It should be noted at this juncture that references to “joint
liability” in the present case is in fact a reference to “joint and several
liability”.

5 At the appeal, counsel for Chee Seng did not appear. He had obtained leave
to be excused. It appears that Chee Seng is not concerned whether Chong
succeeds in his appeal or not although Chee Seng will be bound by the outcome.

6 Counsel for MEC vigorously disputed that there was joint liability. There is
no cross-appeal by MEC.

Main issues

7 The first main issue was whether Chong’s pleadings allowed him to claim that
the liability of the defendants was joint (“the Pleading Issue”).

8 The second main issue was whether in fact and in law, the liability of the
defendants to Chong was joint (“the Substantive Issue”).

The Pleading Issue

9 The DJ’s grounds of decision do not deal with the Pleading Issue perhaps
because it was not raised before him.

10 MEC argues that it was taken by surprise as there was nothing in the
relevant Statement of Claim (“SOC”) to suggest that Chong was claiming that
the defendants were jointly liable to him. The words “joint and several” were
not used in the body of the SOC or in the prayers for relief. Chong accepted
that the words “jointly and severally” were not expressly used in the SOC but
he argued that the facts on which the claim for joint and several liability is
based were pleaded.

11 MEC also argues that if it had known that Chong was claiming on the basis
of joint liability of the defendants, it would have taken a number of steps
which it did not because it had thought all along that the claim was on the
basis of several liability only. Therefore, MEC claims that it would be
prejudiced if Chong were allowed to argue for joint liability on the part of
the defendants.

12 I am of the view that the facts to establish joint liability were pleaded.
First, whether the facts do result in a finding of joint liability is a matter
of legal argument. Secondly, although Chong’s prayers for relief did not
explicitly claim damages against the defendants on the basis of joint and
several liability, there is no requirement that the words “joint and several”
must be used. Indeed, no such words are used even in the precedent from
_Atkin’s Encyclopedia of Court Forms in Civil Proceedings_ vol 20 (LexisNexis,
2nd Ed, 1993 Issue) which MEC drew my attention to. The precedent states,
“[a]nd the Plaintiff claims from one, other or both Defendants damages …”. In
comparison, Chong’s prayer for relief states, “[a]nd the Plaintiff claims …”.
I do not see a material difference between Chong’s prayer for relief and the
precedent which MEC was relying on for the present purposes. Indeed, Form 35
of the _Atkin’s Encyclopedia of Court Forms in Civil Proceedings_ vol 38(1)
(LexisNexis, 2nd Ed, 2011 Issue) on joint liability simply states, “[a]nd the
Claimant claims …”. This is substantially the same as Chong’s prayer for
relief.

13 Accordingly, the absence of the words “joint and several” in the SOC and in
the prayer for relief is not fatal to Chong’s claim in the circumstances.
Having said that, it is in the interest of solicitors to learn from the
present dispute and insert those words when they act for a plaintiff, if that
is indeed the basis of the claim, so as to avoid argument in future.

14 MEC’s arguments about prejudice are therefore academic because its
arguments were made on the premise that Chong’s pleadings did not allow Chong
to claim that MEC was jointly liable. Nevertheless, I will address MEC’s
arguments about prejudice. MEC submits that it would have taken some steps,
which it did not, had it been aware that Chong was claiming on the basis of
joint liability against the defendants.

15 The first argument is that MEC might not have pleaded contributory
negligence against Chee Seng since MEC would nevertheless have been jointly
liable with Chee Seng to Chong if liability was established against MEC. I do
not accept this argument. Even if MEC was jointly liable with Chee Seng to
Chong, it was still in MEC’s interest to claim contributory negligence against
Chee Seng. MEC could not have been certain that just because Chee Seng is not
insured, Chee Seng would not be able to pay for its share of the liability.
Furthermore, MEC’s claim for contributory negligence against Chee Seng is not
prejudiced. If MEC had _not_ made that claim, that might be prejudice.

16 MEC’s second argument is that it might not have gone to trial and might
have settled the matter since it would also be held liable for Chee Seng’s
negligence if there were joint liability. I do not accept this argument. MEC
would be held liable on the basis of joint liability only if there was first a
finding of liability against MEC and, secondly, if there was a finding that
the defendants were jointly liable. Throughout the trial, MEC was contesting
all liability on its part. Its entire submission before the DJ was on the
basis that it had no liability at all. Hence, it is clear to me that it would
still have gone to trial in any event.

17 The third argument is that MEC would have focused its attention on the
factual question as to whether the fan was covered or not at the time of the
accident. Chong said there was no cover. Chee Seng said there was. I do not
accept the third argument. If there was a cover, then Chong’s account of the
accident in which he said that one of his hands was caught in the fan because
there was no cover would be disbelieved and this might well have exonerated
both Chee Seng and MEC from liability. If MEC chose not to focus on this
factual issue, it was probably because MEC did not believe Chee Seng’s version
on this point in the first place. In any event, it was not because MEC thought
that it had several liability only.

18 MEC’s fourth argument is that it would have focused on when Chong came to
be at the work site and whether the fan was there before or after Chong
commenced work there. This was because the DJ found that MEC, as Chong’s
employer, was under a duty to carry out a risk assessment exercise of the work
site for signs of danger which Chong might be exposed to. I do not accept this
argument because MEC did argue at para 197 of its closing submissions before
the DJ that “even if the 1st and 2nd Defendant had gone to the site to inspect
it and ascertained that the place was safe that day, it is submitted that they
would not be able to know where the [fan] would be placed the following day
and whether it would be safe”. This was a point, which if accepted, would have
exonerated MEC from total liability and was already raised by MEC. It was not
dependent on Chong’s claim for joint liability.

19 The fifth argument is that MEC would have focused on the evidence as to
whether MEC had any _locus standi_ to be present at the work site during the
course of Chong’s work. I do not accept this argument. The argument that MEC
would not have been allowed to be at the work site would have been relevant to
its argument for total denial of liability in any event and was not dependent
on Chong’s claim for joint liability.

20 MEC’s sixth argument is that it would have applied to join ACL
Constructions Pte Ltd (“ACL”), the supplier of the fan, as a co-defendant or
third party for two reasons. The first would be to ascertain whether MEC would
have been allowed to be at the work site to supervise Chong and the second
would be to ascertain whether liability should also be apportioned to ACL. The
first part of the sixth argument is similar to the fifth argument which I have
addressed. The second part of the sixth argument is not logical. Even if MEC’s
liability was several and not joint, it would still have made sense to join
ACL as a defendant or third party _if_ ACL was also liable as MEC would not
know how the court would apportion liability between MEC, Chee Seng and ACL.
It seems to me that the real reason why MEC did not join ACL as a party is
that it did not believe that ACL was liable.

21 In MEC’s further submissions, it argues that if it had known that Chong’s
claim was for joint liability, it would have carried out discovery and
interrogatories to obtain documents and facts pertaining to the issue of joint
liability. It adds that counsel could also have asked more questions in cross-
examination of Chong, of MEC, and of Chee Seng.[note: 1]

22 I do not accept that MEC was unaware that Chong’s claim was for joint
liability. This is especially so in the light of the fact that in MEC’s
closing submissions before the DJ, it was arguing that it was not liable at
all. There was no alternative argument that if it were liable, it should bear
only a small part of the liability with Chee Seng bearing the larger part.
This omission was telling. If MEC really believed that Chong’s claim was only
on the basis of several liability against the defendants, MEC would have made
this alternative argument.

23 Likewise, in Chong’s closing submissions before the DJ, he did not
apportion liability as between MEC and Chee Seng. This is consistent with his
position that he believed that both were liable to him jointly (and
severally). MEC must have realised that this was Chong’s position too. Yet it
did not protest then that it was being caught by surprise by Chong’s closing
submissions. I am of the view that MEC did not protest then because it knew
all along that Chong was claiming joint liability against the defendants.

The Substantive Issue

24 The DJ was of the view that MEC was the employer of Chong and that MEC was
under a duty to take reasonable care for the safety of Chong. The DJ found
that MEC had breached its duty of care as it failed to at least carry out a
risk assessment exercise for signs of danger that Chong might be exposed to
before he commenced work at the site. MEC also failed to provide any effective
supervision of Chong’s work.[note: 2]

25 The DJ also found that Chee Seng was the occupier of the Site where Chong
was working. Chee Seng owed a duty of care to Chong which Chee Seng had
breached because Chee Seng failed to take reasonable measures to ensure that
the fan had a cover to prevent accidental injury. Chee Seng should also have
ensured that the fan was not placed in the way of workers carrying out work at
the Site.[note: 3]

26 Accordingly, the DJ found MEC 15% liable and Chee Seng 75%. As stated
above, he also found Chong to be 10% liable for his own negligence which I
need not elaborate on.

27 Based on the above findings, the DJ concluded that as between MEC and Chee
Seng, this was “a situation of different torts producing the same damage”. He
added that it was “precisely because the same damage was caused by different
acts that apportionment of liability as between each defendant _vis-à-vis the
plaintiff_ is necessary”.[note: 4]

28 He also said that:[note: 5]

… As the nature of the negligent act of each of [sic] Defendants was
different, Chong should not pass his risk of recovery against one Defendant to
the other. One Defendant should not bear the risk of the failure of the other
to satisfy the judgment against it, when their respective wrongdoing was
separate and distinct. …

29 I agree that Chong should not pass his risk of recovery against one
defendant to the other by asking the court to make a finding of joint
liability if the torts of MEC and Chee Seng were separate and distinct in the
first place. That is non-contentious. The question is whether the torts were
indeed separate and distinct.

30 Even if MEC and Chee Seng were guilty of different negligent omissions
which resulted in Chong’s injury, this did not necessarily mean that each
respective tort was separate and distinct.

31 Therefore, different negligent conduct may yield a result that both
tortfeasors are liable jointly to a plaintiff for the same injury. MEC does
not dispute this proposition. However, MEC submits that in order for joint
liability to be imposed on both tortfeasors, the conduct of both must have
occurred “substantially contemporaneously”. MEC argues that its negligence had
ended before Chong commenced work at the Site while Chee Seng’s negligence
continued while Chong was working at the Site.[note: 6]

32 There appears to be some ambiguity in the authorities as to whether
substantial contemporaneity is a requirement to find joint liability.
_Halsbury’s Laws of Singapore_ vol 18 (LexisNexis, 2004 Reissue), states at
para 240.033, “[i]f each of several persons, not acting in concert, commits a
tort against another person substantially contemporaneously and causing the
same or indivisible damage, each several tortfeasor is liable for the whole
damage”. This proposition was accepted by Choor Singh J in _Oli Mohamed v
Murphy and another_ [1968-1970] SLR(R) 523 (“ _Oli Mohamed_ ”) at [10]. That
case appears to be the first reported case in local jurisprudence adopting the
concept of substantial contemporaneity. To support this proposition, the High
Court cited the United Kingdom authorities of _Dingle v Associated Newspapers
Ltd and Others_ [1961] 2 QB 162 (“ _Dingle_ ”) and _Drinkwater and another v
Kimber_ [1952] 2 QB 281 (“ _Drinkwater_ ”). Both authorities, however, do not
in fact stipulate substantial contemporaneity, in the sense of contemporaneous
conduct, as an element of joint liability.

33 In _Dingle_ , it was stated at 188 that “[w]here injury has been done to
the plaintiff and the injury is indivisible, any tortfeasor whose act has been
a proximate cause of the injury must compensate for the whole of it”.

34 In _Drinkwater_ , it was stated by Morris LJ at 292 that:

… [t]hey were separate tortfeasors whose concurrent acts caused injury to the
female plaintiff. By operation of law, once she proved negligence against the
defendant, then she could recover from him the full amount of resultant damage
suffered. …

35 While Morris LJ did make the factual finding that the tortious acts
committed were “concurrent”, this did not mean that concurrence or substantial
contemporaneity is necessary for establishing joint liability.

36 I come now to some subsequent local authorities. In _Chuang Uming (Pte) Ltd
v Setron Ltd and another appeal_ [1999] 3 SLR(R) 771 (“ _Chuang Uming_ ”), the
Court of Appeal (“CA”) made no reference to the requirement of substantial
contemporaneity and stated at [51] that to make a finding of joint liability,
the damage caused by the parties must be one which forms indivisible parts of
the entire damage.

37 In _Wong Jin Fah v L & M Prestressing Pte Ltd and others_ [2001] 3 SLR(R) 1
(“ _Wong Jin Fah_ ”), Lai Siu Chiu J cited both _Oli Mohamed_ and _Chuang
Uming_ with approval and concluded at [92] that because the contemporaneous
acts of omission of the first, third and fourth defendants caused the
indivisible damage to the plaintiff, there was joint and several liability.

38 _Wong Jin Fah_ was cited with approval by the CA in _TV Media Pte Ltd v De
Cruz Andrea Heidi and another appeal_ [2004] 3 SLR(R) 543. However, in holding
that there was joint liability on the facts, the CA did not raise the issue of
substantial contemporaneity. The CA stated at [157] that “TV Media’s actions
are clearly a proximate cause of Andrea’s damage and it is therefore liable
for the whole of that damage.”

39 In _Jet Holding Ltd and others v Cooper Cameron (Singapore) Pte Ltd and
another_ [2005] 4 SLR(R) 417, Belinda Ang Saw Ean J held at [164] that because
the defendants’ separate and independent acts caused one and the same damage
to the victims, they were “concurrent tortfeasors [who] each became severally
liable for the whole of the damage caused”. I make two observations with
respect to this holding. First, the learned judge’s reference to “several”
liability for the whole of the damage caused was in effect a reference to
“joint and several” liability. The learned judge was essentially saying that
each individual was liable to pay for the entirety of the damage caused.
Secondly, her reference to the defendants as “ _concurrent_ tortfeasors” is
not to be construed as being synonymous with tortious acts that are
substantially contemporaneous. Rather, “concurrent tortfeasors” is simply a
description of tortfeasors who have committed separate and independent acts
which have caused the same damage to the victim.

40 This is similarly the view of the learned authors of Gary Chan Kok Yew &
Lee Pey Woan, _The Law of Torts in Singapore_ (Academy Publishing, 2011) (“
_The Law of Torts in Singapore_ ”) who state at para 18.025 that several
_concurrent_ tortfeasors are tortfeasors who “[commit] independent acts which
[result] in the _same damage_ ”. [emphasis in original]. Further support for
this interpretation may also be found in _Rahman v Arearose Ltd and another_
[2001] 1 QB 351 where the court stated at [17] that “[t]ortfeasors are
concurrent when their wrongful acts or omissions cause a single indivisible
injury.”

41 It may therefore be that the requirement of acts to be “substantially
contemporaneous” has not received greater scrutiny because, first, it has been
conflated with the label “concurrent tortfeasors”—a label which does not
actually contemplate that the tortious acts committed be substantially
contemporaneous and, secondly, the requirement of substantial contemporaneity
has been treated as the equivalent of the requirement that the acts be the
proximate cause of the damage.

42 In _The Law of Torts in Singapore_ , it is noted at para 18.024 that
“[w]here an injury has been inflicted on the plaintiff and the injury is
indivisible, any tortfeasor whose act has been a proximate cause of the injury
must compensate for the whole of it.” The point is made more specifically in W
V H Rogers, _Winfield and Jolowicz on Tort_ (Sweet & Maxwell, 18th Ed, 2010),
where it is expressly stated at para 21–2 that:

… The simplest case of joint and several liability is that of two virtually
simultaneous acts of negligence, as where two drivers behave negligently and
collide, injuring a passenger in one of the cars or a pedestrian, _but there
is no requirement that the acts be simultaneous._ … _The acts of the two
defendants may be separated by a substantial period of time and yet contribute
to one, indivisible injury for this purpose_ , as where D1 manufactures a
dangerous product and D2 uses it without due care years later. …

[emphasis added]

The above passage shows that while acts which are substantially
contemporaneous could more readily lead to the conclusion that there is joint
liability, this is not a requirement.

43 Therefore, if for example, a worker of one contractor digs a hole on a
piece of land and fails to cordon it off or put up warning signs, and another
contractor then requires its worker to work at night at the land without
providing him with adequate lighting and he falls into the hole and suffers an
injury, the first contractor and the second contractor will probably be liable
in negligence to the injured worker. Does one then conclude that there is
joint liability only if the hole was dug on the same day that the injured
worker went to work there at night but not if the hole was dug one week before
the injured worker went to work? I think not. Whether the hole was dug on the
same day or a week before, the conduct of each contractor which leads to the
accident would be the proximate cause of the victim’s indivisible injury and
will lead to a finding of joint liability. Both omissions are a proximate
cause of the injury.

44 I am therefore of the view that substantial contemporaneity, in the sense
of contemporaneous conduct, is not a requirement to find joint liability.

45 However, that is not the end of the matter. Although there is no cross-
appeal by MEC, it is still for Chong to establish that the conduct of MEC was
a proximate cause of his injury as this is a requirement to find joint
liability.

46 As mentioned above, the DJ found that MEC did not carry out a risk
assessment for signs of danger that Chong might be exposed to at the Site and
had failed to provide any effective supervision of Chong’s work (see [24]
above).

47 I will deal first with MEC’s omission to do the risk assessment.
Presumably, the DJ meant that MEC did not go to the Site to do the risk
assessment. The DJ appears to have assumed two things. First, that MEC was
under a duty to carry out such an assessment and, secondly, that the
assessment would have revealed a danger which MEC did not address or warn
Chong about.

48 The first assumption appears to be based on a decision of the CA. In
addition, Chong submits that MEC had a statutory duty to conduct a risk
assessment to ensure a safe work environment. I will elaborate on this later.

49 However, even assuming that MEC was indeed under a duty to carry out the
risk assessment, it did not necessarily follow that at the time of the
assessment, if it had been carried out, such an assessment would have revealed
the presence of the fan and that the fan did not have a cover. Chong submits
that the primary function of the fan is to blow away smoke and fumes produced
when welding work is done. He also submits that according to the evidence of
Cheng Choo Seng, a supervisor of Chee Seng, the fan was an integral part of
the welding works. If MEC had carried out the risk assessment, it would have
at the very least checked the essential and integral equipment, which includes
the fan. It follows that MEC would clearly be able to identify that the fan
was uncovered and classify it as a grave hazard.[note: 7]

50 This submission assumes one important fact, _ie_ , that the fan in question
never had a cover all along so that if MEC had undertaken a risk assessment,
this fact and its consequent danger would have been discovered by MEC. It
appears that the DJ also assumed such a fact.

51 Unfortunately for Chong, there is no evidence to show that the fan had no
cover all along. Indeed, in his evidence, Chong said to the contrary:
“[p]reviously … there was a cover. But on the day of the accident, I did not
take notice whether there was a cover”.[note: 8] Chong then said that he did
not know whether there was a cover on the fan when he started work.[note: 9]

52 It was not for MEC to prove that if it had undertaken the risk assessment,
there would have been a cover on the fan on the day the assessment was
conducted. Rather, as mentioned above, it was for Chong to prove that if MEC
had undertaken the assessment, it would have discovered that the fan had no
cover on the day it did the assessment.

53 Without the appropriate evidence, there was no basis for the DJ to conclude
that MEC’s omission to do the risk assessment at the Site was a proximate
cause of the injury.

54 As for MEC’s failure to effectively supervise Chong’s work, what should MEC
have done specifically by way of supervision that would have avoided the
incident? Even though MEC was technically Chong’s employer, it appears from
the evidence that Chong was being supervised by Chee Seng at the Site. Indeed,
in para 46 of the Appellant’s Case, Chong submitted that the DJ ought to have
found that Chee Seng was Chong’s _de facto_ employer. Again, Chong did not
identify any evidence on the point specifically. The DJ appeared to have
assumed that MEC was guilty of failing to effectively supervise Chong’s work
and that this in turn was a proximate cause of Chong’s injury. I am afraid
that that is not good enough. Accordingly, there was no basis for the DJ to
conclude that MEC’s failure to supervise Chong’s work was a proximate cause of
the injury.

55 In the circumstances, I dismiss Chong’s appeal. Although Chong is not
successful in his appeal, I order that each side bear his/its own costs of the
appeal because most of the time spent on the appeal was on the pleading issue
and on the question as to whether the conduct of both MEC and Chong must be
substantially contemporaneous. MEC lost on these two points.

56 I add that although my views might have exonerated MEC from any liability
whatsoever, MEC continues to bear 15% liability for Chong’s damages (which
includes his injury) as MEC did not cross-appeal against the DJ’s decision

57 I would also like to make the following observations:

(a) On 10 March 2014, the DJ sought to clarify whether his earlier oral
judgment on 13 February 2014 meant that the liability of the defendants was
joint or only several. He clarified that it was not joint. His reasoning was
that he had in his earlier oral judgment apportioned liability between MEC and
Chee Seng and in his view, “[a]pportionment of liability by definition is the
converse of joint liability. In joint liability, the Defendants are jointly
liable for an amount, with no fixed apportionment amongst them.”

(b) In my view, these two sentences may cause confusion. While it is true that
defendants who are liable jointly to a plaintiff are jointly liable for the
same amount to the plaintiff, this does not mean that apportionment of
liability between defendants is necessarily the converse of joint liability.
In other words, a court may determine that defendants have joint liability to
a plaintiff and at the same time apportion liability as between the
defendants. The first order determines their liability to the plaintiff and
the second order determines their liability as between the defendants
themselves. The two orders can co-exist.

(c) Secondly, the DJ appears to have assumed, from a decision by the CA, that
because an employer has a duty of care to its employee, it must always carry
out a risk assessment of the site conditions before work commences. The duty
to carry out such an assessment was mentioned by the CA in _Chandran a/l
Subbiah v Dockers Marine Pte Ltd_ [2010] 1 SLR 786 (“ _Chandran_ ”) at [31],
but the CA also said at [33] that there may be circumstances where such an
assessment need not be conducted. One such example is where an employee is
assigned to do sedentary work in a foreign country. The CA also endorsed at
[19] the observations of Pearce LJ in _Wilson v Tyneside Window Cleaning Co_
[1958] 2 QB 110 at pp 121–122, where he said, “… [b]ut if a master sends his
plumber to mend a leak in a respectable private house, no one could hold him
negligent for not visiting the house himself to see if the carpet in the hall
creates a trap.” The duty to conduct a risk assessment has also been
statutorily codified under reg 3(1) of the Workplace Safety and Health (Risk
Management) Regulations (Cap 354A, Rg 8, 2007 Rev Ed) where it is provided
that a risk assessment should be conducted “in relation to the safety and
health risks posed to any person who may be affected by his undertaking in the
workplace”. In _Chandran_ , while the Workplace Safety and Health Act (Cap
354A, 2009 Rev Ed) (“WSHA”) and the regulations made thereunder were
inapplicable on the facts as the negligent conduct had occurred before the Act
had come into force, the CA observed at [49] that under the WSHA, the measures
to be undertaken by an employer should “ordinarily include” a risk assessment.
It is unnecessary for me to discuss further whether a risk assessment must be
carried out in all circumstances where the WSHA applies. For the present
appeal, I have proceeded on the premise that MEC ought to have undertaken the
assessment.

(d) Thirdly, as I have already indicated above, it does not always follow that
a breach of a duty has caused the injury or loss in question.

58 I make the above observations to avoid confusion in the law and to
emphasize the importance of carefully applying legal propositions and
establishing the facts.

* * *

[note: 1]1st and 2nd Respondent’s Further Submissions dated 27 March 2015 at
para 5.

[note: 2]Grounds of decision (“GD”) at [24] and [31].

[note: 3]GD at [20].

[note: 4]GD at [31].

[note: 5]GD at [34].

[note: 6]MEC’s Case at para 53.

[note: 7]Appellant’s Supplementary Case at paras 8–9.

[note: 8]Notes of Evidence (22 October 2013), p 23 at paras 9–10.

[note: 9]Notes of Evidence (22 October 2013), p 23 at para 20.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 06 Apr 2015 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

