Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Chua Boon Chye _v_ Public Prosecutor  
[2015] SGCA 31

Case Number| :| Criminal Reference No 5 of 2014  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 29 June 2015  
Tribunal/Court| :| Court of Appeal  
Coram| :|  Chao Hick Tin JA; Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA; Tay Yong Kwang J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Sant Singh SC, Lee Ping and Tham Lijing (Tan Rajah &
Cheah) for the applicant; Andre Jumabhoy, Cheryl Lim and Kenneth Chin
(Attorney-General's Chambers) for the respondent.  
Parties| :|  CHUA BOON CHYE — PUBLIC PROSECUTOR  
  
29 June 2015| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA (delivering the judgment of the court):

Introduction

1 This criminal reference was brought by Chua Boon Chye (“the Applicant”) to
refer the following question of law of public interest to this court for
determination pursuant to s 397 of the Criminal Procedure Code (Cap 68, 2012
Rev Ed) (“the Question”):

Whether the previous conviction of a third party is admissible as evidence
against the accused in criminal proceedings.

2 The Applicant was convicted and sentenced to eight months’ imprisonment for
one count of dishonestly receiving stolen property, namely, 105 metric tonnes
of marine fuel oil (“MFO”), pursuant to s 411 of the Penal Code (Cap 224, 1985
Rev Ed) (“PC”) in the District Court. The District Judge (“DJ”), in finding
that the MFO was stolen, relied, _inter alia_ , on evidence of a third party’s
conviction for criminal breach of trust (“CBT”) for misappropriating MFO. The
Applicant’s appeal against both conviction and sentence was dismissed by a
High Court Judge (“the Judge”), who held that the DJ was right in admitting
the evidence. The Applicant later filed a criminal motion to refer three
questions of law of public interest purportedly arising from the Judge’s
decision to this court. This court denied leave in respect of two questions,
but granted leave to refer the Question. In this criminal reference, the
Applicant contends that the third party’s conviction for CBT should not be
admitted into evidence as proof that the MFO that he received was in fact
stolen.

Background facts

3 The background facts relating to the Applicant’s charge have been set out in
the decisions of the District Court and the High Court (see _Public Prosecutor
v Chua Boon Chye_ [2013] SGDC 441 (“ _Chua Boon Chye (DC)_ ”) and _Chua Boon
Chye v Public Prosecutor_ [2014] SGHC 135 (“ _Chua Boon Chye (HC)_ ”),
respectively). We do not propose to repeat them in their entirety, save to
highlight the facts that are germane to this criminal reference.

4 Shankar s/o Balasubramaniam (“Shankar”) (the Prosecution’s first witness)
was the operations executive of an MFO terminal operated by Chevron Singapore
Pte Ltd (“Chevron”) located at No 210 Jalan Buroh (“the Terminal”). As part of
his role, which included taking on the duty of shift superintendent, Shankar
would track the movement of MFO at the Terminal. There were shore tanks in the
Terminal. In the course of operations, minor discrepancies in shore tank
readings would arise, which led to “gains” and “losses” in MFO. When MFO was
pumped into vessels, for instance, there may be a variance between the reading
on the shore tank and that on the vessel. The tolerance level for this
variance was 0.5%. Any amount constituting gains (within this 0.5%) was
retained at the Terminal. Shankar, as shift superintendent, was the custodian
of these discrepancies. At the end of each shift, he had to record them in a
log book and report to his superior, Tan Poo Lee.

5 Shankar conspired with two petroleum surveyors, Remy bin Khaizan (“Remy”)
(the Prosecution’s second witness) and Viknasvaran s/o Kumarasamy
(“Viknasvaran”) (the Prosecution’s third witness), to siphon off and sell the
gains of the MFO at the Terminal. As petroleum surveyors, Remy and Viknasvaran
had to take measurements of the fuel in a barge before and after loading. In
siphoning off MFO, their roles were as follows:

(a) Shankar identified the gains of MFO which had not been reported to
Chevron.

(b) Shankar then informed Remy both of the quantity of the gains available,
and of the vessels that were arriving at the terminal for loading.

(c) Remy then negotiated with the vessel’s owner or representative (such as
the Applicant) for the sale of the illicit fuel.

(d) To conceal their wrongful acts, either Remy or Viknasvaran boarded the
vessels and took measurements of the MFO before and after loading. The figures
were adjusted such that the loading of the excess MFO would not be detected
(for instance, by inflating the pre-loading figure).

(e) When the loading was completed, Shankar prepared the Certificate of
Quantity – which also excluded the quantity of the excess fuel.

(f) The payments for the excess MFO were then made in Singapore dollars, in
cash, and without any receipt.

6 Shankar, Remy and Viknasvaran carried out their plan on 29 October 2009.
Shankar was on duty as shift superintendent on that day. He identified 105
metric tonnes of MFO (gains) to sell and informed Remy accordingly. He also
informed Remy that the MV Milos, a barge operated by Aegean Breeze Shipping
Pte Ltd (“ABS”), was due at the Terminal to load 2,500 metric tonnes of MFO.
Remy approached a broker, Hussein Ahmad bin Abdul Satar (“Hussein”) (the
Prosecution’s fifth witness), to sell this excess MFO. The Applicant
understood that the MFO came from the “black market” (according to his
statement given to the Corrupt Practices Investigation Bureau dated 15 May
2008). They agreed on a price of $180 per metric tonne for the 105 metric
tonnes (totalling $18,900). The Applicant then contacted a bunker clerk on
board the MV Milos to expect an additional 105 metric tonnes of MFO.

7 When the MV Milos berthed at the Terminal on 29 October 2007, the 105 metric
tonnes of MFO were loaded onto the barge. Subsequently, the Applicant met
Hussein at a hawker centre to make a cash payment of $18,900 from his
company’s (Aegean Bunkering (Singapore) Pte Ltd (“AB”)) petty cash account.

8 The Applicant was the general manager and director of AB. AB and ABS were
related companies. AB was a wholly owned subsidiary of Aegean Marine Petroleum
SA (“AM”), incorporated in Liberia. AM was in turn wholly owned by Aegean
Marine Petroleum Network Inc (“AMPN”) which was incorporated in New York. AB
was in the business of purchasing MFO. Once AB made the purchase, it would
refer the operational aspects of delivery to ABS. ABS was wholly owned by
Aegean Shipholdings Inc, a company registered in the Marshall Islands, which
was in turn wholly owned by AMPN. ABS and Aegan Shipping Inc were part of the
“operational arm” of AMPN, whereas AB and AM were part of the “trading arm”.
For ease of reference, we illustrate this with the following diagram:

![](data:image/png;base64,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)

9 The Applicant was arrested later and claimed trial in the District Court to
the following charge (“the Charge”):

You are charged that you, on or about 29 October 2007, in Singapore, did
dishonestly receive stolen property, namely, approximately 105 metric tonnes
of fuel oil, valued at approximately S$69,106.70 (Sixty Nine Thousand One
Hundred and Six Dollars and Seventy Cents), belonging to Chevron Singapore Pte
Ltd, whilst having reason to believe the same to be stolen property, and you
have thereby committed an offence punishable under section 411 of the Penal
Code, Chapter 224 (1985 Rev Ed).

10 For ease of reference, we set out the relevant portion of s 411 of the PC,
which reads as follows:

**Dishonestly receiving stolen property**

**411.** —(1) Whoever dishonestly receives or retains any stolen property,
knowing or having reason to believe the property to be stolen property, shall
be punished with imprisonment for a term which may extend to 5 years, or with
fine, or with both.

…

11 The phrase “stolen property” in s 411 of the PC is in turn defined in s 410
of the PC, which reads as follows:

**Stolen property**

410.—(1) Property the possession whereof has been transferred by theft, or by
extortion, or by robbery, and property which has been criminally
misappropriated, or in respect of which criminal breach of trust or cheating
has been committed, is designated as “stolen property”, whether the transfer
has been made or the misappropriation or breach of trust or cheating has been
committed within or without Singapore. But if such property subsequently comes
into the possession of a person legally entitled to the possession thereof, it
then ceases to be stolen property.

(2) The expression “stolen property” includes any property into or for which
stolen property has been converted or exchanged and anything acquired by such
conversion or exchange, whether immediately or otherwise.

12 After a 29 day trial, the DJ convicted the Applicant of the charge on 13
November 2013. The DJ accepted the Prosecution’s case, namely, that the MFO
stated in the Charge was in fact stolen property, the Applicant had reason to
believe it was stolen, and that he had indeed received it. The DJ, in finding
that the MFO stated in the Charge was stolen, relied on two grounds. First,
Shankar’s oral testimony to the effect that he conspired with Remy and
Viknasvaran to siphon off the MFO stated in the Charge. Secondly, Shankar’s
earlier charges for CBT for siphoning oil to various barges (including the MV
Milos). Shankar pleaded guilty, but the charge involving MV Milos was in fact
one that was taken into consideration for the purpose of sentencing (see _Chua
Boon Chye (DC)_ at [21]).

13 The Applicant then appealed against both the conviction and sentence
imposed by the DJ _vide_ Magistrate’s Appeal No 294 of 2013 in the High Court.
In the Magistrate’s Appeal, the Applicant argued that the DJ had erred in
finding that the MFO in the Charge was “stolen property”. The Prosecution
contended that the MFO in the Charge was “stolen property”, and reiterated the
same two reasons given by the DJ in making this finding as outlined in the
preceding paragraph.

14 The Judge held, _inter alia_ , that the DJ was right in admitting that
evidence and agreed that the MFO in the Charge was “stolen property” (see
_Chua Boon Chye (HC)_ at [22]). Accordingly, the Judge rejected the
Applicant’s arguments and dismissed the Applicant’s appeal on 15 July 2014.

15 The Applicant then filed Criminal Motion No 59 of 2014 for leave to refer
three questions of law of public interest purportedly arising from the High
Court decision to this court. On 3 October 2014, this court granted leave to
refer the Question as stated at [1] of this judgment.

Arguments raised in the present criminal reference

16 The parties have cited s 45A of the Evidence Act (Cap 97, 1997 Rev Ed)
(“the EA”) as the relevant statutory provision governing the admissibility of
prior conviction(s) in later proceedings. This provision (which we shall refer
to simply as “s 45A”) reads as follows:

**Relevance of convictions and acquittals**

45A.—(1) Without prejudice to sections 42, 43, 44 and 45, the fact that a
person has been convicted or acquitted of an offence by or before any court in
Singapore shall be admissible in evidence for the purpose of proving, where
relevant to any issue in the proceedings, that he committed (or, as the case
may be, did not commit) that offence, whether or not he is a party to the
proceedings; and where he was convicted, whether he was so convicted upon a
plea of guilty or otherwise.

(2) A conviction referred to in subsection (1) is relevant and admissible
unless —

(_a_) it is subject to review or appeal that has not yet been determined;

(_b_) it has been quashed or set aside; or

(_c_) a pardon has been given in respect of it.

(3) A person proved to have been convicted of an offence under this section
shall, unless the contrary is proved, be taken to have committed the acts and
to have possessed the state of mind (if any) which at law constitute that
offence.

(4) Any conviction or acquittal admissible under this section may be proved by
a certificate of conviction or acquittal, signed by the Registrar of the
Supreme Court, the registrar of the State Courts or the registrar of the
Family Justice Courts, as the case may be, giving the substance and effect of
the charge and of the conviction or acquittal.

(5) Where relevant, any document containing details of the information,
complaint, charge, agreed statement of facts or record of proceedings on which
the person in question is convicted shall be admissible in evidence.

(6) The method of proving a conviction or acquittal under this section shall
be in addition to any other authorised manner of proving a conviction or
acquittal.

(7) In any criminal proceedings, this section shall be subject to any written
law or any other rule of law to the effect that a conviction shall not be
admissible to prove a tendency or disposition on the part of the accused to
commit the kind of offence with which he has been charged.

(8) In this section —

“registrar of the Family Justice Courts” includes the deputy registrar or an
assistant registrar of the Family Justice Courts;

“registrar of the State Courts” includes a deputy registrar of the State
Courts;

“Registrar of the Supreme Court” includes the Deputy Registrar or an Assistant
Registrar of the Supreme Court.

17 Mr Sant Singh SC (“Mr Singh”), counsel for the Applicant, argued that the
Question should be answered in the negative – s 45A does not permit evidence
of a third party’s prior conviction to be adduced in subsequent criminal
proceedings. This is because:

(a) Section 45A has to be read together with s 45 of the EA (“s 45”), the
latter of which (in particular, Illustration (_b_) to s 45) forbids the
admission of a third party’s prior conviction in subsequent criminal
proceedings to prove a fact in issue;

(b) The Singapore Parliament expressly confined s 45A’s application to
subsequent civil (and not criminal) proceedings only;

(c) The local cases provide that s 45A applies only in subsequent civil
proceedings; and

(d) Permitting third party convictions to be adduced as evidence in subsequent
criminal proceedings poses risks to a fair trial.

18 Mr Andre Jumabhoy (“Mr Jumabhoy”) appeared for the Public Prosecutor (“the
Respondent”) and argued that the Question should be answered in the
affirmative because s 45A permits evidence of a third party’s prior conviction
to be adduced in subsequent criminal (and not just civil) proceedings. Mr
Jumabhoy submitted that his position was supported not only by the plain
language of s 45A but also by the relevant legislative material, which we deal
with in detail below.

The Question considered and answered

Introduction

19 It would be apposite, at this juncture, to set out the Question once again,
as follows:

Whether the previous conviction of a third party is admissible as evidence
against the accused in criminal proceedings.

20 The Question is simple only in its form and belies a number of difficult
issues to which our attention now turns. The crux of the answer to the
Question lies in the purpose as well as meaning of s 45A (which has been
reproduced above at [16]).

Two conflicting High Court decisions

21 It is clear that, under Singapore law, evidence of a prior conviction is
admissible as evidence in subsequent _civil_ proceedings pursuant to s 45A
(see for example, _Boldward Enterprises Pte Ltd v Hitachi Zosen Singapore
Limited_ [1997] SGHC 186 (“ _Boldward_ ”); _Ong Bee Nah v Won Siew Wan (Yong
Tian Choy, third party)_ [2005] 2 SLR(R) 455 (“ _Ong Bee Nah_ ”); _Ari bin
Abdullah v Ong Chwee Siew_ [2007] SGHC 15 (“ _Ari bin Abdullah_ ”); _DBS Bank
Ltd v Yamazaki Mazak Singapore Pte Ltd and Another_ [2008] SGHC 181 (“
_Yamazaki_ ”); and _Kim Anseok and another (personal representatives of the
estate of Kim Miseon, deceased) v Shi Sool Hee_ [2010] SGHC 124 (“ _Kim
Anseok_ ”)). But there is uncertainty as to whether prior convictions of third
parties are admissible in later _criminal_ proceedings pursuant to that same
provision. In particular, there are two conflicting decisions of the Singapore
High Court in which, ironically perhaps, the observations expressed in each
were _obiter dicta_. These are the decisions in _Public Prosecutor v Heah Lian
Khin_ [2000] 2 SLR(R) 745 (“ _Heah Lian Khin_ ”) and _Ong Bee Nah_.

22 _Heah Lian Khin_ was a case primarily concerned with the use of previous
inconsistent or contradictory statements at trial pursuant to s 147 of the EA.
But the court in that case relied on the speech made by the then Minister for
Law, Prof S Jayakumar, during the second reading of the Evidence (Amendment)
Bill (Bill No 45 of 1995) (“the Bill”), which introduced s 45A, in holding
that s 45A only permits a previous conviction of a third party to be admitted
as evidence in later civil but not criminal proceedings. More will be said of
the speech made by the Minister later in the judgment (see below at [51]).
After quoting the Minister’s speech, the court held as follows (at [89]):

Plainly, s 45 of the EA was limited to proving the fact that a particular
individual had been convicted or acquitted of an offence, where relevant to an
issue in the proceedings, and was really intended to save judicial time and
costs in subsequent civil proceedings. _It did not create an avenue for the
admission of a previous conviction of a person as substantive evidence against
an accomplice in subsequent criminal proceedings_. Furthermore, charges which
have been taken into consideration are neither convictions nor acquittals. It
therefore follows that the district judge had erred in admitting the charges
and the statement of facts pursuant to s 45A of the EA and, without more,
relying on them as substantive evidence against the respondent. [emphasis
added in italics]

23 The court in _Ong Bee Nah_ appeared to doubt the position taken in _Heah
Lian Khin_ in relation to s 45A, and sought to restrict it. The court observed
that the sentence “[i]t did not create an avenue for the admission of a
previous conviction of a person as substantive evidence against an accomplice
in subsequent criminal proceedings” in [89] of _Heah Lian Khin_ should be read
in the context of the specific facts of that case. After setting out [89] of
_Heah Lian Khin_ , the court observed as follows (see _Ong Bee Nah_ at [61]):

It can be seen that [_Heah Lian Khin_] does not really resolve the issue
inasmuch as the holding, in so far as s 45A of the Evidence Act is concerned,
was probably confined to the much narrower and more specific issue that was
before the court in that particular case.

24 Even though the above observations by the court in _Ong Bee Nah_ (as quoted
in the preceding paragraph) are, strictly speaking, _obiter dicta_ as that
case concerned an issue of admitting a defendant’s earlier conviction as
evidence against her in _civil_ proceedings, they are nonetheless significant
as there is now uncertainty about the scope of s 45A, and whether that
provision permits the admission of a third party conviction against an
accused. Indeed, Prof Jeffrey Pinsler SC in _Evidence and the Litigation
Process_ (LexisNexis, 4th Ed, 2013) (“ _Evidence and the Litigation Process_
”) at para 7.029 had this to say:

[The] observation [in _Ong Bee Nah_] is significant, for by limiting the High
Court’s view in _Heah Lian Khin_ to the specific facts of that case, it leaves
open the possibility, _inter alia_ , for a party in a criminal case to rely on
the conviction of a non-party. In _Heah Lian Khin_ , the witness’s conviction
was arguably admissible on a literal application of s 45A, even though the
High Court did not think that the section could be engaged this way. The scope
of s 45A requires judicial clarification to avoid potential injustice which
could ensue from an unguarded approach to the provision. …

25 However, as both _Heah Lian Khin_ and _Ong Bee Nah_ do not analyse in any
detail the specific issues which arise from an interpretation of s 45A both in
itself as well as in relation to other relevant provisions of the EA (in
particular, s 45 thereof), it might be apposite to commence our analysis with
the analysis of s 45A itself – bearing in mind both parties’ submissions which
have been set out briefly above (at [17] and [18] of this judgment).

The actual language of s 45A

26 In our view, the first port of call must be the actual language of the
relevant provision itself – in this case, s 45A. The language of s 45A (in
particular, s 45A(1)) is _general_ inasmuch as it draws _no distinction_
between civil proceedings on the one hand and criminal proceedings on the
other. Indeed, if s 45A had been intended by the Singapore Parliament to apply
_only_ to _civil_ proceedings, one would have expected the provision itself to
have stated as much. It should also be borne in mind that – unless expressly
stated otherwise (such as is the case in s 23(1) of the EA, as Mr Jumabhoy
pointed out) – the EA applies to _both_ civil _as well as_ criminal
proceedings. That this is the case is in fact made clear in s 2(1) of the EA
itself, which reads as follows:

**Application of Parts I, II and III**

**2.** —(1) Parts I, II and III shall apply to _all judicial proceedings_ in
or before any court, but not to affidavits presented to any court or officer
nor to proceedings before an arbitrator.

[emphasis added in italics]

Parts I, II and III form the main bulk of the provisions in the EA. Part IV,
the only remaining part in the EA with just seven sections (ss 170 to 176),
deals with the law relating to banker’s books, and is not relevant for the
purposes of this criminal reference.

27 Section 23(1) is one example of a provision in the EA that expressly makes
clear that it only applies to civil (and not criminal proceedings), and states
as follows:

**Admissions in civil cases when relevant**

**23.** —(1) In civil cases, no admission is relevant if it is made —

(_a_) upon an express condition that evidence of it is not to be given; or

(_b_) upon circumstances from which the court can infer that the parties
agreed together that evidence of it should not be given.

…

28 However, in addition to the plain language as well as context of s 45A, it
should be borne in mind that this particular provision had its source in,
_inter alia_ , the relevant _United Kingdom_ (“UK”) legislation (see also
below at [34]). Indeed, the root cause of the relevant UK legislation lay in
the problematic rule laid down at common law in the English decision of
_Hollington v F Hewthorn and Company, Limited, and another_ [1943] 1 KB 587 (“
_Hollington_ ”) which had held that a conviction for a criminal offence is
inadmissible in subsequent _civil_ proceedings as evidence of the fact that
the person convicted committed the offence in question.

29 In _Hollington_ , the defendant was the driver of a vehicle which was
involved in a collision with the plaintiff’s car, and which was being driven
by the plaintiff’s son at the time. The only witnesses were the two drivers.
The defendant was convicted of careless driving in a magistrate’s court and
the plaintiff then commenced a civil action in respect of the damage to his
vehicle. The plaintiff’s son died before the hearing and, being unable to
produce direct evidence of the defendant’s negligence, the plaintiff sought to
establish this by proof by the defendant’s conviction. Both the trial judge
(Hilbery J) and the Court of Appeal rejected this evidence as inadmissible for
this purpose because the evidence was seen as offending both the rules
excluding hearsay and opinion evidence.

30 The decision in _Hollington_ has received trenchant criticism (see, for
example, the Law Reform Committee, _Fifteenth Report (The Rule in Hollington v
Hewthorn)_ (Cmnd 3391, 1967) (“UK LRC 15th Report”); Michael Dean, “Law Reform
Committee: Fifteenth Report on the Rule in _Hollington v Hewthorn_ ” (1968) 31
MLR 58; the note by A L Goodhart in (1943) 59 LQR 299; J A Coutts, “The Effect
of A Criminal Judgment on a Civil Action” (1955) 18 MLR 231; and Cecil Wright,
“Evidence – Admissibility of Criminal Convictions in Civil Actions – Hearsay”
(1943) 21 Canadian Bar Rev 653; _cf_ E W Hinton, “Judgment of Conviction,
Effect in a Civil Case as Res Judicata or as Evidence” (1932) 27 Illinois L
Rev 195). The UK LRC 15th Report at paras 3 and 4 sums up the criticism
succinctly as follows:

3\. Rationalise it how one will, the decision in [_Hollington_] offends one’s
sense of justice. The defendant driver had been found guilty of careless
driving by a court of competent jurisdiction. The onus of proof of culpability
in criminal cases is higher than in civil; the degree of carelessness required
to sustain a conviction for careless driving is, if anything, greater than
that required to sustain a civil cause of action in negligence. Yet the fact
that the defendant driver had been convicted of careless driving at the time
and place of the accident was held not to amount even to prima facie evidence
of his negligent driving at that time and place. It is not easy to escape the
implication in the rule in _Hollington_ v. _Hewthorn_ that, in the estimation
of lawyers, a conviction by a criminal court is as likely to be wrong as
right. It is not, of course, spelt out in those terms in the judgment of the
[English] Court of Appeal, although, insofar as their decision was based
mainly upon the ground that the opinion of the criminal court as to the
defendant driver’s guilt was as irrelevant as that of a bystander who
witnessed the accident, the gap between the implicit and the explicit was a
narrow one.

4\. It is in a sense true that a finding by any court that a person was
culpable or not culpable of a particular criminal offence or civil wrong is an
expression of opinion of the court. But it is of a different character from an
expression of opinion of a private individual. In the first place, it is made
by persons, whether judges, magistrates or juries, acting under a legal duty
to form and express an opinion on that issue. In the second place, in forming
their opinion they are aided by procedure, of which the law of evidence forms
part, which has been evolved with a view to ensuring that the material needed
to enable them to form a correct opinion is available to them. In the third
place, their opinion, expressed in the form of a finding or verdict of guilty
or not guilty in criminal proceedings or judgment in civil proceedings, has
consequences which are enforced by the executive power of the state.

31 Indeed, the decision in _Hollington_ has proven to be so unpopular that it
has not been followed by the courts in Singapore (see _Choo Michael v Loh Shak
Mow_ [1993] 3 SLR(R) 834 and _Ong Bee Nah_) as well as those in other
Commonwealth jurisdictions, such as New Zealand (_Jorgensen v News Media
(Auckland) Limited_ [1969] NZLR 961 (Court of Appeal)), Western Australia
(see, for example, _Mickelberg v The Director of the Perth Mint_ [1986] WAR
365 (Full Court of the Supreme Court)), Ontario (see, for example, _Demeter v
British Pacific Life Insurance Co_ (1983) 150 DLR (3d) 249 (Ontario High
Court), affirmed by the Ontario Court of Appeal in (1984) 13 DLR (4th) 318)
and Malaysia (see, for example, _Ramanathan Chelliah v Penyunting, the Malay
Mail and another_ [1998] 2 CLJ 691 (High Court, Kuala Lumpur); _Anwar bin
Ibrahim v Abdul Khalid_ [2001] 5 MLJ 48 (High Court, Kuala Lumpur) as well as
the earlier decisions of _Chock Kek Ling v Patt Hup Transport Co Ltd & ors_
[1966] 1 MLJ 120 , _Lim Ah Toh v Ang Yau Chee & anor_ [1969] 2 MLJ 194 and
_Chang Chong Foo & anor v Shivanathan_ [1992] 2 MLJ 473 (Supreme Court, Kuala
Lumpur)).

32 _Hollington_ has had a rather mixed reception in England itself. Lord
Diplock in the House of Lords decision of _Hunter v Chief Constable of the
West Midlands Police and others_ [1982] AC 529 at 543 said that the decision
in _Hollington_ was “generally considered to have been wrongly decided”. He
did not elaborate on this remark, which in any case was not necessary for that
particular decision. Similarly, Lord Denning MR (who was coincidentally the
plaintiff’s counsel in _Hollington_) noted in the English Court of Appeal
decision of _Goody v Odhams Press Ltd_ [1967] 1 QB 333 at 339 that he “thought
that [_Hollington_] was wrong at the time” and that he “still [thought] it was
wrong” (see also the learned Master of the Rolls’ comments in _Barclays Bank
Ltd v Cole_ [1967] 2 QB 738 at 743 and in _McIlkenny v Chief Constable of the
West Midlands_ [1980] 1 QB 283 at 319). On the other hand, Peter Gibson J in
the English High Court decision of _Savings & Investment Bank Ltd v Gasco
Investments (Netherlands) BV and others_ [1984] 1 WLR 271 at 280 said that
_Hollington_ still represented the common law.

33 At this juncture, we should note that the rule in _Hollington_ as stated
above in [28] was, _literally_ , the _actual fact situation_ in _Hollington_
itself. This is an important point because there are the _further_ issues
(canvassed by the Respondent in the present proceedings) as to whether or not
the rule in _Hollington also_ applied to the inadmissibility of a conviction
for a criminal offence in subsequent _criminal_ proceedings – a point to which
we shall return in a moment.

The prior foreign legislation from the UK and Australia

34 We note, first, that the UK Parliament _abolished_ the application of the
rule in _Hollington_ in so far as subsequent _civil_ proceedings were
concerned _via_ ss 11–13 of the Civil Evidence Act 1968 (c 64) (“the 1968 UK
Act”). Approximately a decade and a half later, the UK Parliament _abolished_
the application of the same rule to _criminal_ proceedings as well _via_ ss 73
and 74 of the Police and Criminal Evidence Act 1984 (c 60) (“the 1984 UK
Act”). Australia has enacted legislation to abolish the rule in _Hollington_
but only in relation to subsequent civil proceedings (see, for example, ss 91
and 92 of the Evidence Act 1995 (Cth); ss 78–82 of the Evidence Act 1977
(Queensland); s 34A of the Evidence Act 1929 (South Australia); and s 90(1) of
the Evidence Act 1958 (Victoria)).

35 For the present purposes, it suffices to note the version of ss 73 and 74
of the 1984 UK Act which existed at the time s 45A was enacted, and which we
set out in full for ease of reference:

**73** **Convictions and acquittals.**

(1) Where in any proceedings the fact that a person has in the United Kingdom
been convicted or acquitted of an offence otherwise than by a Service court is
admissible in evidence, it may be proved by producing a certificate of
conviction or, as the case may be, of acquittal relating to that offence, and
proving that the person named in the certificate as having been convicted or
acquitted of the offence is the person whose conviction or acquittal of the
offence is to be proved.

(2) For the purposes of this section a certificate of conviction or of
acquittal—

(a) shall, as regards a conviction or acquittal on indictment, consist of a
certificate, signed by the clerk of the court where the conviction or
acquittal took place, giving the substance and effect (omitting the formal
parts) of the indictment and of the conviction or acquittal; and

(b) shall, as regards a conviction or acquittal on a summary trial, consist of
a copy of the conviction or of the dismissal of the information, signed by the
clerk of the court where the conviction or acquittal took place or by the
clerk of the court, if any, to which a memorandum of the conviction or
acquittal was sent;

and a document purporting to be a duly signed certificate of conviction or
acquittal under this section shall be taken to be such a certificate unless
the contrary is proved.

(3) References in this section to the clerk of a court include references to
his deputy and to any other person having the custody of the court record.

(4) The method of proving a conviction or acquittal authorised by this section
shall be in addition to and not to the exclusion of any other authorised
manner of proving a conviction or acquittal.

**74** **Conviction as evidence of commission of offence.**

(1) In any proceedings the fact that a person other than the accused has been
convicted of an offence by or before any court in the United Kingdom or by a
Service court outside the United Kingdom shall be admissible in evidence for
the purpose of proving, where to do so is relevant to any issue in those
proceedings, whether or not any other evidence of his having committed that
offence is given.

(2) In any proceedings in which by virtue of this section a person other than
the accused is proved to have been convicted of an offence by or before any
court in the United Kingdom or by a Service court outside the United Kingdom,
he shall be taken to have committed that offence unless the contrary is
proved.

(3) In any proceedings where evidence is admissible of the fact that the
accused has committed an offence, in so far as that evidence is relevant to
any matter in issue in the proceedings for a reason other than a tendency to
show in the accused a disposition to commit the kind of offence with which he
is charged, if the accused is proved to have been convicted of the offence—

(a) by or before any court in the United Kingdom; or

(b) by a Service court outside the United Kingdom,

he shall be taken to have committed that offence unless the contrary is
proved.

(4) Nothing in this section shall prejudice—

(a) the admissibility in evidence of any conviction which would be admissible
apart from this section; or

(b) the operation of any enactment whereby a conviction or a finding of fact
in any proceedings is for the purposes of any other proceedings made
conclusive evidence of any fact.

36 This particular legislative background is, in our view, of significance
because, when the _Singapore_ Parliament introduced s 45A in 1996 (_via_ the
Evidence (Amendment) Act 1996 (No 8 of 1996)), we must assume that it was
_aware_ of the fact that _the UK Parliament_ had _abolished_ the rule in
_Hollington_ with regard to _both_ civil _and_ criminal proceedings. Indeed,
the relevant _legislative materials confirm that this is so – a point which we
deal with in more detail below_ (at [56]–[61]). In our view, it is therefore
not surprising that s 45A(1) is, as we have already noted, set out in
_general_ terms (_ie_ , as applying to _both_ civil _and_ criminal
proceedings). And, as also been noted above, if the Singapore Parliament had
intended that s 45A abolish the rule in _Hollington_ with regard _only_ to
_civil_ proceedings, it would have made this clear in s 45A(1) itself.
However, in fairness to the Applicant, a number of arguments were made to _the
contrary_ , and it is to those arguments that our attention now turns.

Section 45 and Illustration (b) thereof

37 Mr Singh argued that there is a distinction between the use of a judgment
as evidence of its existence, or as evidence of the facts in it. He argued
further that s 45A(1), whilst ostensibly applying to both civil as well as
criminal proceedings, must nevertheless be read consistently with s 45, which
reads as follows:

**Judgments, etc., other than those mentioned in sections 42 to 44 when
relevant**

**45.** Judgments, orders or decrees other than those mentioned in sections
42, 43 and 44 are irrelevant unless the existence of such judgment, order or
decree is a fact in issue or is relevant under some other provision of this
Act.

_Illustrations_

(_a_)  _A_ and _B_ separately sue _C_ for a libel which reflects upon each of
them. _C_ in each case says that the matter alleged to be libellous is true,
and the circumstances are such that it is probably true in each case or in
neither.

_A_ obtains a decree against _C_ for damages on the ground that _C_ failed to
make out his justification. The fact is irrelevant as between _B_ and _C_.

(_b_)  _A_ prosecutes _B_ under section 498 of the Penal Code for enticing
away _C_ , _A’s_ wife.

_B_ denies that _C_ is _A’s_ wife, but the court convicts _B_.

Afterwards _C_ is prosecuted for bigamy in marrying _B_ during _A’s_ lifetime.
_C_ says that she never was _A’s_ wife.

The judgment against _B_ is irrelevant as against _C_.

(_c_)  _A_ has obtained a decree for the possession of land against _B_. _C_ ,
_B’s_ son, murders _A_ in consequence.

The existence of the judgment is relevant as showing motive for a crime.

(_d_)  _A_ is charged with theft and with having been previously convicted of
theft.

The previous conviction is relevant as a fact in issue.

(_e_)  _A_ is tried for the murder of _B_. The fact that _B_ prosecuted _A_
for libel and that _A_ was convicted and sentenced is relevant under section 8
as showing the motive for the fact in issue.

38 In particular, Mr Singh submitted that s 45 was the governing provision
and, in that regard, it was clear that a conviction was _in_ admissible in
subsequent criminal proceedings except to the extent that it was adduced as
proof of the _existence_ of the conviction. He buttressed this argument by
referring to _Illustration (b)_ to s 45, which appeared to cover the fact
situation in the present proceedings. Indeed, this particular illustration did
appear to constitute powerful support for the Applicant’s argument. However,
we are not, in the final analysis, persuaded by this particular argument. Let
us elaborate.

39 It is true that a distinction can be drawn between the use of a judgment as
evidence of its existence and as evidence of the facts contained in it (see,
for example, _Khoo Boo Hooi v Robert Cecil Russell_ [1938] MLJ 51 at 56–57).
It is also true that the effect of s 45 (which has its roots in s 43 of the
Indian Evidence Act (Act No 1 of 1872)) is similar to the common law rule
rejecting a criminal conviction as evidence of the facts on which it was based
for both later civil and criminal proceedings (see _Halsbury’s Laws of
Singapore_ vol 10 (LexisNexis, 2013 Reissue) (“ _Halsbury’s Singapore vol 10_
”) at para 120.177). _R v John Turner_ (1832) 1 Mood 347 (“ _Turner_ ”)
represented the common law position at the time s 43 of the Indian Evidence
Act was enacted, which barred the use of third party convictions for later
criminal proceedings. In _Turner_ , the previous conviction of the thief was
inadmissible as evidence that goods allegedly received were stolen. As a
result, the accused was acquitted.

40 The position as stated in the preceding paragraph is also supported by the
relevant Indian cases (as discussed in commentaries such as Ratanlal
Ranchhoddas and Dhirajlal Keshavlal Thakore, _Ratanlal & Dhirajlal’s The Law
of Evidence_ (LexisNexis, 22nd Ed, 2006) at pp 667–669; M C Sarkar et al,
_Sarkar’s Law of Evidence_ vol I (LexisNexis, 17th Ed Reprint, 2011) at pp
1129–1139; and Dr V Kesava Rao, _Sir John Woodroffe & Syed Amir Ali’s Law of
Evidence_ vol II (LexisNexis, 18th Ed, 2009)). For example, the Privy Council
(on appeal from Calcutta, Bombay) in _Kumar Gopika Raman v Atal Singh_ (1929)
31 Bom L R 734 at [23] observed as follows:

The Indian Evidence Act does not make finding of fact arrived at on the
evidence before the Court in one case evidence of that fact in another case.

41 Similarly, Sir George Rankin in the Indian Privy Council decision of
_Maharaja Sir Kesho Prasad Singh Bahadur v Bahuria Mt Bhagjogna Kuer_ (1937)
AWR (PC) 459 at [15] observed:

Whether based upon sound principle or merely supported by reasons of
convenience, the rule that so far as regards the truth of the matter decided a
judgment is not admissible evidence against one who is a stranger to the suit,
has long been accepted as a general rule in English law. Exceptions there are,
but the general rule is not in doubt. … That the same rule applies to India,
though it is not expressly formulated in these terms, and may be seen from a
reference to Section 43, Evidence Act, 1872, and the illustrations given
thereunder.

42 _Zainal bin Kuning and others v Chan Sin Mian and another_ [1996] 2 SLR(R)
858, a decision of this court, is instructive for it applied s 45 (and
Illustration (_b_) thereof), albeit by way of _obiter dicta_. The appellants
sued the respondents in the High Court for false arrest and malicious
prosecution. The first respondent was the police officer in charge of
investigations against the accused while the second respondent (the Attorney-
General) was joined as representing the government. The appellants had been
arrested and charged with the murder of one Ang. Subsequently, one Sulaiman
was charged and convicted of the murder instead. The appellants thus brought
claims for: (a) false arrest; and (b) malicious prosecution. The appellants
were not successful at trial and on appeal. In dismissing the appeal, this
court held, _inter alia_ , that the police acted in good faith in prosecuting
the appellants as they had a reasonable case against them. Sulaiman was only
arrested much later, and by then, the police had dropped charges against the
appellants when it became clear that Sulaiman was the perpetrator. In any
event, this court then observed that Sulaiman’s conviction for murder was not
admissible as evidence that the appellants were not responsible for Ang’s
murder pursuant to s 45 (and Illustration (_b_) thereof).

43 However, a close reading of s 45 will reveal that that provision in fact
provides _expressly_ for possible _exceptions_ which must, however, be
provided for under _the EA_ itself. This is to be located in s 45, in
particular in the following words:

… _unless_ the existence of such a judgment, order or decree … is relevant
under _some other provision of this Act._ [emphasis added in italics]

44 Simply put, _s 45A is precisely “some other provision of this Act”_.
Indeed, it was precisely because s 45 rejects a criminal conviction as
evidence of the facts on which it was based for both later civil and criminal
proceedings that it was necessary – slightly over _one hundred years later –_
to **_introduce s 45A_** _in order to_** _abolish_** _that rule_. If so, then
_Illustration_  _(b)_ to s 45 (which appears to embody the rule in
_Hollington_ , albeit as applied to subsequent _criminal_ proceedings) _ought
to be read bearing this in mind (_ ie _, that s 45A was introduced to_**
_abolish_** _the rule in_ Hollington _)._ Indeed, if there is an inconsistency
between an illustration on the one hand and the provision of the main statute
on the other (in this case, s 45A), then _the latter must prevail_. _Put
simply, s 45A was enacted much later and (more importantly) for a specific
purpose that_** _overrides or overturns_** _the very_** _premise upon which
Illustration (b) to s 45 was originally based_**. In this regard, it is
apposite to note the following comment in _Halsbury’s Singapore vol 10_ at
para 120.177 which reads as follows:

To remove any doubts as to whether the common law rule was still applicable,
section 45A was introduced so as to provide that the fact that a person has
been convicted or acquitted of an offence by or before any court in Singapore
is admissible in evidence for the purpose of proving, where relevant to any
issue in the proceedings [[t]here is no distinction between civil and criminal
proceedings], that he committed or did not commit that offence, whether or not
he is a party to the proceedings; and where he was convicted, whether he was
convicted upon a plea of guilty or otherwise. [footnote added in square
brackets]

45 We are aware that the phrase “Without prejudice to [section 45]” at the
beginning of s 45A(1) may give the impression that s 45 is in fact the
governing provision, and that it takes precedence over s 45A. We do not think
so. The Singapore Parliament could not have taken the trouble to enact s 45A
only for it to be rendered superfluous.

46 In passing, we have noted the following comment made in _Halsbury’s
Singapore vol 10_ at para 120.177:

… It should be noted that section 45A only abrogates the common law rule as it
applies to criminal convictions or acquittals of the courts in Singapore. A
criminal conviction or acquittal of a foreign court … continue to be
inadmissible in later proceedings between different parties as proof of the
facts found in the earlier proceedings.

47 The above passage above may give the impression that foreign convictions or
acquittals are inadmissible in later _criminal_ proceedings. This is not the
case because s 290 of the Criminal Procedure Code (Cap 68, 2012 Rev Ed) (“the
CPC”) (see also its predecessor in s 372 of the Criminal Procedure Code (Cap
68, 1985 Rev Ed)) provides that they are admissible. We note also that besides
permitting the admission of foreign convictions in later criminal proceedings,
s 290 of the CPC (like s 45A) provides that _local_ convictions are admissible
in later criminal proceedings as well.

48 For ease of reference, s 290 of the CPC is reproduced as follows:

**How previous conviction or acquittal may be proved**

**290.** —(1) In any inquiry, trial or other proceeding under this Code, a
previous conviction or acquittal or any order of court relevant to the case
may be proved, in addition to any other way provided by law —

(_a_) by an extract certified to be a copy of the sentence or order by the
officer who has custody of the records of the court in which that conviction,
acquittal or order was carried out, whether in Singapore or elsewhere; or

(_b_) alternatively —

(i) in the case of a previous conviction in Singapore, either by a certificate
signed by the officer who has custody of the records of the prison in
Singapore in which the punishment or any part of it was inflicted, or by
production of the warrant of commitment under which the punishment was
suffered; or

(ii) in the case of a previous conviction elsewhere, either by a certificate
signed by the officer in charge of the prisons in that place in which the
punishment or any part of it was inflicted, or by production of the warrant of
commitment under which the punishment was suffered,

together with evidence as to the identity of the accused and the person so
convicted or acquitted or against whom the order was made.

(2) The certificate referred to in subsection (1)(_b_) purporting to be signed
by the officer who has custody of the records of the prison in Singapore or
elsewhere shall be admitted in evidence on its production by the prosecution
without proof of signature and, until the contrary is proved, shall be proof
of all matters contained therein.

49 In this regard, it is apposite to note the decision of the Singapore High
Court in _Fricker Oliver v Public Prosecutor and another appeal and another
matter_ [2011] 1 SLR 84, which dealt with an issue on the admission of a prior
foreign conviction, even though the court did not cite s 290 of the CPC. In
that case, the accused, a Swiss national, and his accomplice broke into the
premises of SMRT Ltd’s Changi Depot (“the depot”) by cutting a hole in the
fence surrounding the depot with a wire-cutter and spray-painted words on the
sides of two train carriages. For their actions, the accused was charged with
committing the offences of vandalism under the Vandalism Act (Cap 341, 1985
Rev Ed) and entering a protected place under the Protected Areas and Protected
Places Act (Cap 256, 1985 Rev Ed) in furtherance of a common intention. The
accused pleaded guilty to those charges before the district judge and agreed
to have a second charge of vandalism in respect of the cutting of the fence
taken into account for the purposes of sentencing. The district judge
convicted and sentenced the accused to three months’ imprisonment and three
strokes of the cane for the vandalism charge and two months’ imprisonment for
the trespass charge, which sentences were to run consecutively. The
prosecution and defence appealed against sentence, and the prosecution also
filed a criminal motion to admit additional evidence of a previous conviction
of the accused in Switzerland by way of an “Extract from the Swiss Criminal
Records Registry” (“the Swiss Extract”) to prove recidivism on the accused’s
part. V K Rajah JA admitted the Swiss Extract, though he eventually held that
he was not persuaded that the Swiss Extract, being devoid of information,
constituted a reasonable basis for an inference of recidivism on the accused’s
part.

50 To conclude this section, we were wholly unconvinced that s 45 (and
Illustration (_b_) thereof) takes precedence over s 45A for the reasons given
above. _However_ , our analysis on the relationship between s 45 (and
Illustration (_b_) thereof) and s 45A is not necessarily an end to the matter
for, again in fairness to the Applicant, there is another (closely related)
string to his legal bow – could it be argued that s 45A had abolished the rule
in _Hollington_ only with regard to _subsequent_** _civil (and not
criminal)_**_proceedings_? Indeed, this brings us to the very _parliamentary
debates_ that preceded the enactment of s 45A itself.

The parliamentary debates in relation to s 45A

51 The actual parliamentary debates preceding the enactment of s 45A are to be
found in the following statement by Prof Jayakumar during the second reading
of the Bill (see _Singapore Parliamentary Debates_ , _Official Report_ (18
January 1996) vol 65 at col 455):

Let me move to new section 45A concerning the rule in _Hollington v Hewthorn_.
Section 45A is to reverse a common law rule (known among lawyers as the rule
in _Hollington v Hewthorn_ , an English case) that operated to exclude
evidence of judicial findings of convictions or acquittals from admissibility
in subsequent cases. This common law rule states that the evidence in an
earlier criminal case cannot be admitted against the defendant in a later
civil trial, although, as is known, the standard of proof is higher in a
criminal case. For example, a criminal conviction for dangerous driving is
inadmissible as evidence of negligence in a civil action for causing personal
injuries to the other driver. Reversing this rule means that judicial time and
legal costs will be saved by not having to litigate all over again issues
which have been decided by another court in previous proceedings. The
amendments, Sir, on this matter are similar to provisions in the English and
Australian legislation.

52 It is true that, if the passage just quoted is looked at literally, there
is no mention of the abolition of the rule in _Hollington_ in so far as
subsequent _criminal_ proceedings are concerned (although as Mr Jumabhoy
correctly pointed out during oral submissions, the reference to the saving of
judicial time and legal costs would nevertheless apply _equally_ to _criminal_
proceedings as well). However, as we have already noted, the (_descriptive_)
fact situation in _Hollington_ itself related to the admissibility of a
conviction in subsequent _civil_ proceedings. The important question of
(_normative_) principle that then arises is whether or not the rule in
_Hollington_ applies to subsequent _criminal_ proceedings. In this particular
regard, it is clear that that rule **_did_** in fact apply to preclude the
admission of a conviction in subsequent **_criminal_** proceedings as well
(see, for example, Adrian Keane and Paul McKeown, _The Modern Law of Evidence_
(Oxford University Press, 9th Ed, 2012) at p 637; Roderick Munday, “Proof of
Guilt by Association under Section 74 of the Police and Criminal Evidence Act
1984” [1990] Crim L R 236 (“ _Proof of Guilt by Association_ ”) at 236; and
Roderick Munday, “Fairness and Section 74 of PACE” [1990] CLJ 228 (“ _Fairness
and Section 74 of PACE_ ”) at 228). Indeed, the English Criminal Law Revision
Committee (“CLRC”) noted as follows in its 11th Report on Evidence (General)
(Cmnd 4991, 1972) (“the CLRC 11th Report”) at para 218:

There is no doubt that the principle of _Hollington v Hewthorn_ applies to
criminal cases, although there is very little authority.

53 Like _Halsbury’s Singapore vol 10_ , the CLRC noted _Turner_ as one case
that demonstrates that the principle in _Hollington_ applies to _criminal
proceedings_ as well. Since _Turner_ , and after the CLRC 11th Report was
published, there have been at least two cases (both from the English Court of
Appeal) that show that the principle in _Hollington_ also applies equally to
criminal proceedings, even though these same cases do not cite _Hollington_
expressly. One such case is _R v Mark Lee Spinks_ [1982] 1 All ER 587. In that
case, the accused stood trial for assisting a third party conceal a knife used
in a stabbing with the intent to impede the apprehension or prosecution of “a
person who had committed an arrestable offence”, namely, the third party. The
third party was convicted in separate proceedings for wounding with intent to
do grievous bodily harm, which was an arrestable offence. The court held that
the prosecution could not rely on the third party’s earlier conviction as
evidence that he had committed the arrestable offence of wounding. Since there
was no other admissible evidence that the third party had committed such an
offence, the accused’s conviction was quashed. Similarly, in _R v Hassan_
[1970] 1 QB 423, a woman’s conviction for prostitution was inadmissible as
evidence of her prostitution at the trial of a man charged with living off her
earnings. As a result, that man was acquitted.

54 We are of the view that it is reasonable to assume that the draftsperson as
well as the Singapore Parliament was _aware_ of the legal position (_including
the relevant case law_) in relation to the rule in _Hollington_ – in
particular, that that rule also applied to subsequent _criminal_ proceedings
as well. Indeed, _Turner_ , _Spinks_ and _Hassan_ (which we have referred to
in the preceding paragraph) were handed down **_well before_** s 45A was
introduced by the Singapore Parliament. We have also noted above (at [36])
that we can assume that the Singapore Parliament was _also_ aware that _the UK
Parliament_ had _already abolished_ the rule in _Hollington_ with respect to
_both_ civil _as well as_ criminal proceedings in 1968 and 1984, respectively
– a point which is, in fact, **_confirmed_** by _the relevant legislative
materials_ (see below at [56]–[ 62]). All this points, in our view, towards
the conclusion that the Singapore Parliament had **_intended_** s 45A to
**_abolish_** _the rule in_ Hollington _with regard to_** _both_** _civil_**
_as well as_** _criminal proceedings_.

55 But what, then, of Prof Jayakumar’s reference (above at [51]) to
_Hollington_ in the context of (ostensibly only) _civil_ proceedings? As
already explained above (at [52]), it is entirely possible that this was a
reference to the _specific_ facts as well as holding in _Hollington_ itself.
_In any event_ , what was stated in the relevant parliamentary debates is _not
inconsistent with_ an interpretation which holds that s 45A applies to _both_
civil _as well as_ criminal proceedings. **_Most importantly_** , however,
there are **_other related materials_** which** _help to resolve the matter in
a definitive manner_** – to which we now turn.

Other important legislative materials

56 The first is, as the Respondent has submitted, to be found in **_the
Explanatory Statement to the Bill_**. The material part reads as follows:

Clause 4 inserts a new section 45A to the Act to make it clear that the common
law rule in _Hollington v Hewthorn_ [1943] 2 All ER 65 does not apply in the
circumstances specified in that section. The rule of common law in _Hollington
v Hewthorn_ operates to exclude evidence of judicial findings of convictions
or acquittals from admissibility in subsequent cases.

57 The reference in the extract just quoted in the preceding paragraph is a
**_general_** one, suggesting that s 45A applies to **_all types_** of
proceedings, whether civil or criminal in nature. This is also consistent with
the possible explanation canvassed above to the effect that Prof Jayakumar was
referring more specifically to the actual fact situation in _Hollington_
itself during the second reading stage in the Singapore Parliament.

58 Secondly (and perhaps even more significantly), the **_“Table of
Derivations”_** found at the end of **_the Bill_** states that cl 4 of the
Bill (which introduced s 45A) was **_derived from ss 73 and 74 of the 1984 UK
Act_** _(which, of course, was concerned with the abolition of the rule in_
Hollington _in relation to subsequent_** _criminal_** _proceedings)._**_Put
simply, if there was any doubt as to whether or not s 45A was intended to
apply to criminal proceedings, this lays all doubts to rest._**

59 At this juncture, we would also like to refer (in a related as well as
**_confirmatory_** vein) to s 45A** _(7)_** , which reads as follows:

In any **_criminal_** proceedings, this section shall be subject to any
written law or any other rule of law to the effect that a conviction shall not
be admissible to prove a tendency or disposition on the part of the accused to
commit the kind of offence with which he has been charged. [emphasis added in
bold italics]

60 It is clear that s 45A(7) has been included only because s 45A itself
_could apply to_** _criminal proceedings as well_**. Indeed, as already noted
above (at [58]), s 45A was _based on the 1984 UK Act_ and, in a related (and
more specific) vein, **_s 45A(7) was (in turn) based on s 74(3) of the 1984 UK
Act_** _._ The word “criminal” (as highlighted in bold italics in the
quotation in the preceding paragraph) in s 45A(7) is not found in s 74(3) of
the 1984 UK Act (see above at [35]), and it must have been specifically added
in s 45A(7) to reinforce the point that s 45A applies to subsequent criminal
proceedings as well.

61 It is now appropriate (and, indeed, important) to **_draw the relevant
threads together_**. It will be recalled that we mentioned that the first port
of call ought to be **_the actual language_** _of s 45A itself_ (see above at
[26]). In this regard, we note (as Mr Jumabhoy also pointed out) that s 45A(1)
tracks closely the language of s 11(1) of the 1968 UK Act, which reads (as it
stood before s 45A was introduced):

**11** **Convictions as evidence in civil proceedings.**

(1) In any civil proceedings the fact that a person has been convicted of an
offence by or before any court in the United Kingdom shall … be admissible in
evidence for the purpose of proving, where to do so is relevant to any issue
in those proceedings, that he committed that offence, whether he was so
convicted upon a plea of guilty or otherwise and whether or not he is a party
to the civil proceedings; but no conviction other than a subsisting one shall
be admissible in evidence by virtue of this section.

…

62 More significantly, Mr Jumabhoy also pointed out that, **_unlike_** s 11(1)
of the 1968 UK Act, s 45A **_does not contain the phrase “any civil
proceedings”_**. **_In our view, this is significant and is consistent with
the point noted above (at [58]) to the effect that s 45A was derived from the
relevant provisions of the 1984 UK Act_** _(which applies to_** _criminal_**
_proceedings)_. **_Put simply, s 45A was intended to cover_**** __both__****
_civil_**** __as well as__**** _criminal proceedings and, as the Singapore
Parliament chose to draw from the relevant language of the 1968 UK Act instead
of the 1984 UK Act, it had (necessarily) to delete the reference to the phrase
“any civil proceedings” in s 11(1) of the 1968 UK Act_**.

Local decisions

63 Before we proceed to answer the Question, we note that Mr Singh relied on
several local decisions besides _Heah Lian Khin_ (for example, _Boldward_ ,
_Ari bin Abdullah_ and _Kim Anseok_), and in particular, [21]–[22] of
_Yamazaki_ to argue that the rule in _Hollington_ applies only to civil
proceedings, which read as follows:

21 It would be of some interest to note that s 45A was, in fact, introduced
via the Evidence (Amendment) Act 1995 (No 8 of 1996) to abolish the old common
law rule embodied in the English Court of Appeal decision of _Hollington v F
Hewthorn and Company Limited_ [1943] 1 KB 587 (“ _Hollington_ ”) _that a prior
conviction could not be adduced for the purpose of proving the guilt of the
defendant in subsequent civil proceedings relating to the same matter_ (see
Jeffrey Pinsler, Evidence, Advocacy and the Litigation Process (LexisNexis,
2nd Ed, 2003) at pp 172-174; see also _Ong Bee Nah v Won Siew Wan (Yong Tian
Choy, third party)_ [2005] 2 SLR 455 (“ _Ong Bee Nah_ ”) at [51]). Two years
before its enactment, the Singapore High Court had actually departed from this
common law rule in _Choo Michael v Loh Shak Mow_ [1994] 1 SLR 584 (“ _Choo
Michael_ ”). The criticisms of the rule in _Hollington_ , the subsequent
decline and fall of the rule in the common law jurisdictions and the
legislative intent and rationale behind the enactment of s 45A in Singapore
are set out very ably by Andrew Phang Boon Leong JC (as he then was) in _Ong
Bee Nah_.

22 _The purpose behind s 45A is to save judicial time and legal costs by not
having to re-litigate issues in civil proceedings where the same issues have
been previously decided by a court in criminal proceedings_ (see _Ong Bee Nah_
at [51] where the relevant parliamentary debate is set out; see also _PP v
Heah Lian Khin_ [2000] 3 SLR 609 at [89]). _It also prevents, in the words of
Goh Joon Seng J (“Goh J”), “a collateral attack by means of a civil action
against a final decision of a court of competent criminal jurisdiction”_
(_Choo Michael_ at 600). _Bearing in mind that the standard of proof of beyond
reasonable doubt in criminal proceedings is much higher than that of a balance
of probabilities in civil proceedings, it only makes eminent sense to allow
evidence of conviction to be admissible in subsequent civil proceedings_ ,
founded upon the same conduct of the convicted person. _The difference in the
standard of proof as well as the difference in the procedure in regard to the
adducing of evidence in criminal and civil proceedings would mean that a
finding of culpability against a person upon a contested criminal trial is of
higher probative value than that in civil proceedings_.

…

[emphasis added]

64 Whilst it is true that _Yamazaki_ , _Boldward_ , _Ari bin Abdullah_ and
_Kim Anseok_ did refer to the rule in _Hollington_ in the context of
subsequent civil proceedings, that was because those cases dealt with issues
involving the use of s 45A in subsequent civil proceedings. It is therefore
not surprising that those cases made no reference to the rule in _Hollington_
as applied in later criminal proceedings.

Risks to a fair trial

65 Mr Singh argued that third party convictions should not be admitted as
evidence in subsequent criminal proceedings because:

(a) First, to do so poses risks to a fair trial. In particular, allowing third
party convictions as evidence in later criminal proceedings would drive a
significant inroad into the presumption of innocence. Indeed, Mr Singh had
this to say in his written submissions:

… [I]t is well-established that the presumption of innocence applies in
criminal trials. _To the extent that a previous conviction (in particular,
that of a third party) would require the accused person to disprove certain
elements of the offence, that would amount to a significant inroad into the
presumption of innocence._ If Parliament had intended such an inroad, one
would have expected Minister Jayakumar to at least mention it.

[emphasis added in italics]

(b) Secondly, the courts in the UK have struggled in applying s 74 of the 1984
UK Act.

66 We do not agree with Mr Singh’s arguments for these reasons:

(a) First, while we recognise that there are potential risks to a fair trial,
safeguards, which we will turn to (see below at [72]), can be put in place to
ensure that the accused would not be unduly prejudiced.

(b) Secondly, we are of the view that Mr Singh’s argument that a “significant
inroad” would be driven into the presumption of innocence to be exaggerated.
The mere fact that a third party’s conviction is adduced as evidence does not
detract from the fact that the prosecution still bears the burden of proof. It
is also open to an accused to call on that third party for cross-examination
if necessary.

(c) Thirdly, the mere fact that the UK courts have struggled in applying s 74
of the 1984 UK Act does not mean that third party convictions should be
_categorically_ excluded from admission in subsequent criminal proceedings.
Indeed, the UK courts have not done so. In this regard, it may be useful to
have regard to English cases on s 74, which we will turn to later in this
judgment.

67 As a preliminary matter, we first consider the phrase “relevant to _any_
issue in the proceedings” [emphasis added] in s 45A(1) (and s 74(1) of the
1984 UK Act). We recognise that there have been calls for that phrase not to
be read literally, such that the provision only permits third party
convictions to be adduced as evidence in proving predicate offences. Predicate
offences are those which are, in turn, elements of offences. A classic example
of this is receipt of stolen property (such as the present case), where the
predicate offence is that the property involved was stolen (see, for example,
the English Court of Appeal decision of _R v Pigram_ [1995] Crim L R 808).
Indeed, this approach (in not reading the quoted phrase literally) finds some
support in the following authorities:

(a) First, the decision of the English Court of Appeal in _R v Peter Stephen
O’Connor_ (1987) 85 Cr App Rep 298 (“ _O’Connor_ ”). In that case, the accused
was charged with conspiring with a man named Beck to obtain property by
deception. The accused pleaded not guilty and claimed trial. Beck, on the
other hand, pleaded guilty and evidence of that plea was admitted at the
accused’s trial. On appeal it was submitted: (1) that s 74 of the 1984 UK Act
did not permit evidence of Beck’s plea to be put before the jury; and (2)
alternatively that even if the strict wording of s 74 did render the evidence
admissible, then the judge ought to have excluded it on the ground that it
would have an adverse effect on the fairness of the proceedings pursuant to s
78 of the 1984 UK Act. Taylor J held as follows (at 302):

The terms of section 74 clearly were designed, in the judgment of this Court,
to deal with the situation where it was necessary as a preliminary matter for
it to be proved that a person other than the accused had been convicted of an
offence. The object, it would seem, of the section is to avoid the matter
having to be proved twice where the other person had already pleaded guilty to
the offence it was necessary to prove. In effect therefore the object of the
section, in our view, was to deal with cases where it was necessary to prove
the conviction of another as a condition precedent to the conviction of the
defendant of the charge laid against him. The most obvious example would be a
case where it is necessary to prove against another that he was guilty of
theft before the person before the court could be convicted or handling or
harbouring.

The court in _O’Connor_ ultimately left the question of the scope of s 74
open, and did not decide if Beck’s plea of guilt was admissible pursuant to s
74. Instead, the court exercised its discretion to have Beck’s plea excluded
on the ground that it would be unfair to have it admitted pursuant to s 78 (at
pp 302–303):

We find this a difficult point, and, _without deciding the full scope of
section 74_ , for the purposes of this case, it is sufficient to say that if
it was appropriate within the section to admit the conviction of Beck in the
proceedings, we take the view that it would have result in a very unfair state
of affairs. [emphasis added]

(b) Secondly, the CLRC 11th Report, which suggests (at para 218) that s 74 was
enacted for the _specific_ purpose of allowing the prosecution prove that a
predicate offence occurred, lest it be put through the inconvenience of having
to prove the guilt of a person committing that predicate offence yet again.
Para 218 of the CLRC 11th Report reads as follows:

… In our opinion it is clearly right that convictions of persons other than
the accused should be made admissible in criminal proceedings as evidence of
the fact that the person convicted was guilty of the offence charged and that
on proof of the conviction that person should be taken to have committed the
offence charged unless the contrary is proved. Clause 24 provides accordingly.
_It seems quite wrong, as well as being inconvenient, that the prosecution
should be required to prove again the guilt of the person concerned. The
clause will be helpful to the prosecution in various cases where the guilt of
the accused depends on another person’s having committed an offence._ Examples
are handling stolen goods, harbouring offenders and the offences under ss.4
and 5 of the Criminal Law Act 1967 (c. 58) of assisting and concealing
offences. [emphasis added]

The terms of clause 24 of the CLRC’s draft bill are in all material respects
identical to those of s 74.

(c) Thirdly, the academic writings of Prof Roderick Munday (_Proof of Guilt by
Association_ and _Fairness and Section 74 of PACE_) (see above at [52]). The
following passage at pp 242–243 of _Proof of Guilt by Association_ sums up
Prof Munday’s views best, and reads as follows:

It seems clear that the [CLRC] did not foresee that its provision might come
to be applied in [other instances]. The report refers only to such examples as
handling stolen goods, harbouring or assisting offenders, and concealing
offences – all of them cases where proof of another party’s conviction is a
condition precedent to proof of the offence charged. The [CLRC], therefore,
was anxious to end the “inconvenience” of the prosecution being required to
prove afresh and independently of the conviction another party’s guilt in
cases where such proof was a necessity; it was not troubled by cases, like
those under discussion, where proof of a third party’s guilt was simply
beneficial to the Crown’s case. It is true that, like section 74, clause 24(1)
of the [CLRC’s] proposed Bill refers to “any issue in those proceedings.”
However, one suspects that this reflects an oversight in drafting, as the
Notes dealing with the relevant clause refer exclusively to the time-honoured
example of handling stolen goods. Examination of _Hansard_ bears out such a
view. When the Police and Criminal Evidence Bill was referred to Standing
Committee E, David Mellor’s presentation of the provision comprised little
more than declamation of the relevant passages from the [CLRC’s] _11th Report_
which, he said, applied to “parasitic offences”, that is “offences parasitic
on greater (_sic_) offences carried out by somebody else … a dilemma which
will most familiarly arise in a handling case.” To this extent, although now
an abandoned doctrine, the restrictive construction originally put upon the
provision, by Taylor J in _O’Connor_ has the ring of authenticity.

(d) Fourthly, the following remark made by Watkins LJ in the English Court of
Appeal decision of _R v Hillier and Farrar_ (1993) 97 Cr App Rep 349 (at 355)
bears noting:

[The UK] Parliament cannot have appreciated how wild an animal it was prepared
to let loose upon the field of evidence when it enacted section 74.

Watkins LJ did not, however, elaborate on why he thought that this might be
the case.

68 With respect, we are unable to agree with the approach set out in the
preceding paragraph. Not only is the holding in _O’Connor_ as stated above
_obiter dicta_ , the English Court of Appeal in _R v Robertson_ [1987] 1 QB
920 later made it clear that s 74 is not restricted to proving a predicate
offence, and can be put to more extensive use. Lord Lane CJ held the following
at 927:

… The word “issue” in relation to a trial is apt to cover not only an issue
which is an essential ingredient in the offence charged, for instance in
handling a case the fact that the goods were stolen (that is the restricted
meaning), but also less fundamental issues, for instance evidential issues
arising during the course of the proceedings (that is the extended meaning).
Section 74 by using the words ‘any issue in those proceedings’ does not seek
to limit the word ‘issue’ to the restricted meaning indicated above. Although
[the CLRC 11th Report] is an indication that the committee may have been
regarding the matter at least primarily in the restricted sense, it seems to
us that we are not entitled to use that possibility as showing that the words
of the section mean other than what they plainly state.

69 Furthermore, in our view, the CLRC 11th Report (and therefore Prof Munday’s
arguments, which are anchored primarily on that report) are equivocal in that
the CLRC did not categorically rule out the application of s 74 in other
instances besides proving predicate offences.

70 Having said that, we do recognise that the broad wording of s 45A might
potentially pose significant risks to a fair trial. Examples of such risks
include the following:

(a) First, in cases involving conspiracy where a third party’s conviction (or
statements made by the third party) relates to the _very_ charge also levelled
against an accused. The accused is prejudiced because he is unable to cross-
examine the third party (see, for example, I H Dennis, _The Law of Evidence_
(Sweet & Maxwell, 4th Ed, 2010) at para 20-31). _O’Connor_ is one such
example, the facts of which have already been provided above (at [67(a)]). As
mentioned, the court in that case exercised its discretion to exclude the
evidence on the ground that it was deeply prejudicial to the accused.

(b) Secondly, the finder of fact may overlook the precise issue that the
convictions were introduced to prove and convict the accused using some notion
of “guilt by association” (see, for example, _Phipson on Evidence_ (Hodge M
Malek gen ed) (Sweet & Maxwell, 18th Ed, 2013) at para 43–93). This risk was
present in _R v Gary David Warner_ (1993) 96 Cr App Rep 324. The accused in
that case was charged for supplying heroin and claimed trial. Police officers
testified that they had observed up to 40 people per day visiting the
accused’s house, and s 74(1) of the 1984 UK Act was relied on to establish
that eight of the visitors had convictions for possession or supply of heroin.
The English Court of Appeal rightly approved the admission of this evidence,
but only to ground an inference as to the type of business which was going on
at the house.

71 Even though there are potential dangers, there is no need to
_categorically_ rule out the admission of third party convictions in
subsequent criminal proceedings. Whether that evidence should be excluded
depends on the particular circumstances of the case. It is clear at least, and
as can be seen from the CLRC 11th Report, that third party convictions are
admissible for proving predicate offences (such as the present case). Indeed,
that is an express purpose for which s 74 of the 1984 UK Act (and s 45A) were
enacted.

72 For other cases where s 45A is used (other than for proving predicate
offences), it may be useful to have regard to English cases on s 74 of the
1984 UK Act, and in this regard, we find the following propositions laid out
by the English Court of Appeal in _R v Boyson_ [1991] Crim L R 274 (“ _Boyson_
”) to be instructive:

(a) First, the conviction must be _clearly_ relevant to an issue in the case.
The court in _Boyson_ disapproved of what it saw as a growing practice of
allowing irrelevant, inadmissible, prejudicial or unfair evidence to be
admitted simply on the grounds that it was convenient for the jury to have
“the whole picture”.

(b) Secondly, the judge concerned should consider s 78 of the 1984 UK Act and
direct his or her mind as to whether the probative value of the conviction
outweighs the prejudicial value. Singapore has no statutory equivalent of s
78, but this court, in _Muhammad bin Kadar and another v Public Prosecutor_
[2011] 3 SLR 1205, has made it clear that the Singapore courts have a
_similar_ discretion under common law.

Conclusion and application of answer to the facts

73 It follows from the above analysis that s 45A was intended to apply to
_both_ civil _as well as_ criminal proceedings and we therefore answer the
Question posed by the Applicant in **_the affirmative_**.

Other arguments made by the Applicant

74 For completeness, we mention the various other arguments made by Mr Singh
on the Applicant’s behalf before arriving at our decision with regard to the
disposal of the present case:

(a) First, the prosecution did not make a formal application to adduce
Shankar’s earlier charge into evidence in the District Court;

(b) Secondly, the DJ did not apply his mind to the weight to be attached to
Shankar’s charge for CBT;

(c) Thirdly, the DJ was not permitted to rely on s 45A to admit Shankar’s oral
testimony; and

(d) Fourthly, while Shankar was successfully prosecuted for CBT in siphoning
oil to various barges (including the MV Milos), the charge involving the MV
Milos was strictly speaking not a conviction, but was in fact a charge that
was taken into consideration for the purpose of sentencing.

75 Mr Singh also submitted a memorandum dated 20 April 2015 (“the memorandum”)
containing a long list of references to the evidence as adduced in the
District Court for the purpose of proving that there was a miscarriage of
justice.

76 We deal with the first to third arguments, as well as the memorandum,
first. It is trite that criminal references should not be veiled appeals nor
backdoor appeals (see for example, the decision of this court in _Public
Prosecutor v Lim Yong Soon Bernard_ [2015] SGCA 19 at [23] and [32]; and the
decision of the Singapore High Court in _M V Bakakrishnan v Public Prosecutor_
[1998] 2 SLR(R) 846 at [11]). Indeed, a criminal reference is only concerned
with questions of law and not questions of fact. Regrettably, Mr Singh’s first
to third arguments, and the memorandum, appear, with respect, to constitute
(albeit in an unintended fashion) no more than a backdoor appeal on behalf of
the Applicant. These arguments (and the references in the memorandum) were
made directly in relation to the decision of the DJ and not that of the
Judge’s, and indeed were _not_ addressed in answering the Question at all. We
are of the view, for reasons that follow, that there was, in any event,
sufficient evidence to prove that the MFO in the Charge was stolen (see below
at [78]).

77 In so far as the fourth argument is concerned, we do recognise that the
charge involving the MV Milos was strictly speaking not a conviction, but was
in fact a charge that was taken into consideration for the purpose of
sentencing (“TIC charge”). Be that as it may, it is clear that both the Judge
and the DJ were cognisant of this. Indeed, the DJ noted in his written
decision that the charge involving the MV Milos was in fact a TIC charge (see
_Chua Boon Chye (DC)_ at [21]). The Judge was also aware this (see _Chua Boon
Chye (HC)_ at [16]), although the following statement made by the Judge might
have given the impression that he was not (see _Chua Boon Chye (HC)_ at [18]):

The prosecution’s position was that it was under no obligation to prove the
ownership of the fuel in position. It argued that, in the case, the fuel was
stolen property as it had been transferred to the appellant by Shankar’s act
of criminal breach of trust, which Shankar had _pleaded guilty to_. As proof
of ownership of the property was not an element of the offence of criminal
breach of trust, it was immaterial in this case as well. The applicant faulted
the prosecution’s (and the District Judge’s) reliance on Shankar’s
_conviction_ , as the _conviction_ did not prove that the fuel belonged to
(presumably in the sense of being owned by) Chevron. In my view, the District
Judge correctly applied the law. [emphasis added in italics]

78 We note that, in any event, there is more than sufficient evidence to prove
that the MFO in the charge was stolen. As mentioned earlier in [12] of this
judgment, the DJ relied not only on Shankar’s charge in respect of the MV
Milos, but also his oral testimony to the effect that he conspired with Remy
and Viknasvaran to siphon off the MFO stated in the Charge.

79 In the final analysis, it appears that this criminal reference (and the
arguments not made directly in relation to the Question posed) merely
constituted an attempt on the part of the Applicant to absolve himself of
criminal liability arising from the Charge which, in our view, he was rightly
convicted of.

Conclusion

80 For the reasons given above, we answer the Question in the affirmative. The
Applicant’s conviction and sentence imposed by the District Court, and as
affirmed by the High Court, stands.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 29 Jun 2015 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

