Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Public Prosecutor _v_ Tan Peng Khoon  
[2015] SGHC 298

Case Number| :| Criminal Motion 38 of 2015  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 13 November 2015  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Sundaresh Menon CJ  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Gordon Oh, Leong Wing Tuck and Victoria Ting (Attorney-
General's Chambers) for the applicant; Respondent in person; Liu Zeming (Baker
Mckenzie Wong & Leow LLC) as young amicus curiae  
Parties| :|  PUBLIC PROSECUTOR — TAN PENG KHOON  
  
13 November 2015|  
---|---  
  
Sundaresh Menon CJ:

1 This was a criminal motion brought by the Prosecution pursuant to s 380(1)
of the Criminal Procedure Code (Cap 68, 2012 Rev Ed) (“CPC”) seeking an
extension of time to file a Petition of Appeal against the sentence that was
imposed on the respondent by a district judge in _Public Prosecutor v Tan Peng
Khoon_ [2015] SGDC 94. The Prosecution contended that by reason of various
aggravating factors in this case, the sentence imposed was manifestly
inadequate having regard to the relevant sentencing precedents.

2 The respondent, Tan Peng Khoon, was sentenced to 9 months’ imprisonment
following his trial and conviction on four counts of forgery for the purpose
of cheating under s 468 of the Penal Code (Cap 224, 2008 Rev Ed) (“Penal
Code”), and two counts of cheating and dishonestly inducing the delivery of
property under s 420 of the same Act. The punishment prescribed under both
provisions is a mandatory imprisonment term that may extend to 10 years and a
fine.

3 I heard the motion on 6 August 2015 and allowed the Prosecution’s
application for extension of time. I gave brief reasons at that time. In
essence, I was satisfied that the matter was broadly covered by the principles
I had set out in an earlier judgment, _Lim Hong Kheng v Public Prosecutor_
[2006] 3 SLR(R) 358 (“ _Lim Hong Kheng_ ”) and applying the analytical
framework set out in that case and having regard to the particular
circumstances at hand, I concluded that the motion should be granted. It may
be noted that unlike _Lim Hong Kheng_ , the present motion involved an
application brought by the Prosecution and this gave rise to some nuances in
the analysis, which makes it appropriate that I treat the point more fully in
these detailed grounds.

Background

Facts and circumstances surrounding the commission of the offences

4 I should make it clear that as the appeal is pending, my recitation of the
facts is based on what was found by the court below.

5 The respondent was an insurance agent with the American International
Assurance Company Limited (“AIA”) at the material time. He devised and carried
out a carefully orchestrated, multi-stepped plan to deceive his client and
friend of 20 years Mdm Lim Choon Hoong (“Mdm Lim”), an illiterate Mandarin-
speaking widow who was aged 61, into unwittingly signing four English language
documents, which were the subject matter of the four s 468 charges.

6 Unknown to Mdm Lim, the effect of these documents was:

(a) to cause the surrender of one of her life insurance policies (policy no
L530269243) for $2,018.11;

(b) to obtain a loan of $6,500 against another of her life insurance policies
(policy no L530269078); and

(c) to authorise the respondent to receive the surrender value of the former
and the loan from AIA in respect of the latter, purportedly on behalf of Mdm
Lim.

7 Mdm Lim was not well to do. She worked as a factory worker earning a modest
sum of between $500 and $600 a month. She had two sons. Her elder son was
married with children of his own and was no longer living with her, whereas
her younger son was still schooling and remained financially dependent on her.

8 Prior to the commission of these offences, Mdm Lim had loaned the respondent
sums of money over many years. These appear to total a sum of approximately
$150,000. She thought that the respondent would repay the amount he owed her,
but her trust was misplaced. She repeatedly asked the respondent for repayment
and even went to his house on at least three occasions for this purpose
because she had to pay the university fees for one of her sons. But this was
all to no avail. Mdm Lim resolved not to lend the respondent any more money
and the respondent then hatched his plan to swindle her of what little she
still had.

9 The respondent asked Mdm Lim to meet him at the MacDonald’s restaurant in
IMM Jurong ostensibly to have breakfast. There, the respondent told Mdm Lim
that he was going to leave AIA, and that he needed her to sign some documents
to effect a change in her insurance agent. Mdm Lim signed four documents,
three of which were official AIA documents, namely, a policy loan form, a
request for cash surrender form and a bond of indemnity.

10 Thereafter, the respondent brought Mdm Lim to the DBS Bank branch at the
same shopping centre and persuaded Mdm Lim to add him as an “either/or” joint
account holder of her POSB bank account. This enabled him to make withdrawals
from that account.

11 To achieve this, the respondent told Mdm Lim that he was a police informant
and was about to receive a sum of $200,000 for his services. He told her that
if his name was added to her POSB bank account, this sum could be deposited by
the police into her account and in this way he would repay the amount that he
owed Mdm Lim. Mdm Lim believed the respondent.

12 The respondent then drove Mdm Lim home and proceeded on his own to AIA’s
branch office in Tampines where he committed the s 420 offences. There, he
deceived an AIA customer service officer, Ms Linda Lim, into processing the
policy surrender and the policy loan, and into handing over to him two AIA
cheques for $2,018.11 (being the surrender value of the policy) and $6,500
(being the loan amount).

13 The respondent deposited both cheques into Mdm Lim’s bank account of which
he was now a joint holder. He then withdrew the proceeds in cash. The
respondent first withdrew $6,500 at a POSB bank branch. He then went to the
casino at the Resorts World Sentosa the same evening. After about 19 hours at
the casino, he exited and went to a teller machine where he withdrew the
remaining $2,000 in cash from the same account before re-entering the casino.

14 The offences came to light after the AIA wrote to Mdm Lim stating that she
had surrendered one of her life insurance policies and had taken a loan
against another. One of Mdm Lim’s sons read the letter from the AIA and
conveyed its contents to Mdm Lim.

Punishment meted out by the district judge

15 After a 13-day trial, the district judge convicted the respondent and
sentenced him to a total imprisonment term of 9 months on 10 February 2015. I
set out the punishment meted out by the district judge in respect of each
charge in the following table:

Charge |  Brief Facts |  Offence |  Sentence imposed by the district judge  
---|---|---|---  
1st charge (DAC 009185-2013) |  Forging an AIA Policy Loan Form that binds Mdm Lim to repay a loan from AIA on her AIA policy no L530269243 for the purpose of using the form to cheat AIA of $6,500. |  Section 468 of the Penal Code (forgery for the purposes of cheating) |  6 months’ imprisonment (consecutive)  
2nd charge (DAC 009186-2013) |  Forging an AIA Request for Cash Surrender form that purportedly contains Mdm Lim’s request to surrender her life insurance policy no L530269078 for its cash surrender value, for the purpose of using the form to cheat AIA of $2,018.11. |  Ditto |  3 months’ imprisonment (concurrent)  
3rd charge (DAC 009187-2013) |  Forging an AIA Bond of Indemnity in which Mdm Lim purportedly avers that policy no L530269078 cannot be found and agrees to indemnify AIA for payments made without the policy, for the purpose of using the bond to cheat AIA of $2,018.11. |  Ditto |  3 months’ imprisonment (concurrent)  
4th charge (DAC 009188-2013) |  Forging a Letter of Authorisation in which Mdm Lim purportedly authorises the respondent to collect cheques from AIA on Mdm Lim’s behalf for the purpose of using the letter to cheat AIA to deliver the cheques for the sums of $6,500 and $2,018.11.  |  Ditto |  3 months’ imprisonment (concurrent)  
5th charge (DAC 009189-2013) |  Deceiving Linda Lim, the AIA customer service officer, into believing that Mdm Lim had intended to take policy loan from AIA using her AIA policy no L530269243 and by such deception dishonestly inducing the said AIA officer into delivering him a cheque for a sum of $6,500.  |  Section 420 of the Penal Code (cheating and inducing the delivery of property) |  6 months’ imprisonment (concurrent)  
6th charge (DAC 009190-2013) |  Deceiving Linda Lim into believing that Mdm Lim had intended to surrender her life insurance policy no L530269078 in exchange for its cash surrender value, and by such deception dishonestly inducing Linda into delivering to him a cheque for a sum of $2,018.11.  |  Ditto |  3 months’ imprisonment (consecutive)  
  
  

The present criminal motion and the respondent’s appeal

16 The respondent filed a Notice of Appeal against his conviction and sentence
on 10 February 2015. On 24 February 2015, the Prosecution filed a Notice of
Appeal against the sentence imposed, contending that having regard to the
aggravating factors in this case, it was manifestly inadequate.

17 The Record of Proceedings and the district judge’s grounds of decision were
served on the Prosecution on 4 May 2015. Under s 378(1) of the CPC, the
Prosecution was required to file its Petition of Appeal within 14 days
thereafter, that is by 18 May 2015. Section 378(3) goes on to say that subject
to s 380 of the CPC, if the Petition of Appeal is not lodged within time, the
appeal will be treated as withdrawn.

18 The Prosecution’s Petition of Appeal was not filed by 18 May 2015 due to an
administrative lapse on its part. The Prosecution’s legal executive thought
that a Deputy Public Prosecutor (“DPP”) had already been assigned to consider
the notes of evidence and the grounds of decision, whereas the DPP who had
conduct of the matter thought that the Prosecution had collected only the
notes of evidence _and not the grounds of decision_ and therefore that time
had not yet started to run.

19 The Respondent, on the other hand, proceeded with his appeal against
conviction and sentence by filing his Petition of Appeal on time.

20 When the Prosecution came to appreciate its lapse on 5 June 2015, it
reviewed the case and concluded that notwithstanding its lapse, this was a
case in which an extension of time should be sought to enable its appeal
against sentence to be prosecuted. It therefore filed the present motion for
an extension of time to lodge its Petition of Appeal on 10 June 2015. By then,
there had already been a delay of three and a half weeks after the last date
for the petition to be filed.

21 On being informed that the respondent’s appeal (Magistrate’s Appeal No
23/2015/01) had been fixed for hearing on 19 August 2015, the Prosecution
requested an early hearing date for the present criminal motion.

22 On or about 17 June 2015, the respondent indicated his intention to
withdraw his appeal. His application to withdraw his appeal was heard by a
Judicial Commissioner of the High Court on 26 June 2015 who granted the
respondent leave to withdraw his appeal.

23 The respondent sought a short deferment of his sentence to settle his
personal affairs, and surrendered himself at the State Courts on 7 July 2015
to begin serving his sentence.

Arguments made in this criminal motion

24 Before me, the learned DPP, Mr Gordon Oh, was candid and acknowledged the
lapse on the Prosecution’s part in failing to adhere to the relevant timeline
for the filing of its Petition of Appeal. But he argued that it would be in
the interests of justice to grant an extension of time to enable the
Prosecution to file its Petition of Appeal as there was a reasonable prospect
of the Prosecution succeeding in the appeal; and also, in his submission,
“there are dangers and there are ramifications if a sentence which is patently
wrongly in law is left uncorrected because this will remain as a precedent”.

25 Mr Oh further emphasised that there was no prejudice caused to the
respondent, as the latter was well aware of the Prosecution’s motion for an
extension of time as well as the possibility that the court might permit the
appeal to be prosecuted at the time he withdrew his appeal and then started to
serve his sentence. As noted above, the Prosecution’s motion was filed on 10
June 2015, more than a fortnight before the respondent withdrew his appeal on
26 June 2015.

26 Mr Oh also assured me that steps had been taken by the Prosecution to
ensure that a similar administrative lapse would not recur.

27 The respondent appeared in person. He told me that he had withdrawn his
appeal because the Prosecution’s appeal had lapsed after its failure to file
its Petition of Appeal. But he later said that he decided to go ahead and
withdraw his appeal _even though he knew_ that the Prosecution had filed the
criminal motion for an extension of time to file its Petition of Appeal
because he regretted the crimes he had committed.

28 Thus far, our jurisprudence on granting an extension of time to file
appeals has concerned applications brought by defendants (see my decision in
_Lim Hong Kheng_ for a survey of those decisions). To my knowledge, no such
motion has previously been brought by the Prosecution and resulted in a
reasoned decision.

29 Given the novelty of this aspect of the present application, I appointed a
young _amicus curiae_ , Ms Liu Zeming, to address me on the question of
whether the same considerations that govern applications brought by the
defence, as I have laid down in _Lim Hong Kheng_ , apply also to a motion
brought by the Prosecution. Ms Liu, having considered the relevant precedents,
made some broad points on this:

(a) First, she clarified that the _framework_ laid down in _Lim Hong Kheng_ is
derived from the applicable legislation and case law and in general, it should
govern all such applications whether brought by the Prosecution or the
defence. In this regard, the factors that the court should take into account
are those such as:

(i) the length of the delay;

(ii) the reason for the delay; and

(iii) whether there appear to be merits in the appeal.

(b) Second, however, she submitted that the court should be alive to any
potential prejudice to the defendant that may be occasioned by the
Prosecution’s delay. In this regard, she submitted that the court should
scrutinise the Prosecution’s grounds rather more closely because:

(i) the Public Prosecutor (and his deputies and assistants) are professionals;

(ii) they have at their disposal a vast array of resources;

(iii) the Prosecution does not face the same difficulties that the defence
might sometimes face, for instance, in instructing counsel, obtaining legal
aid and so on, which might in certain circumstances justify a greater measure
of latitude being afforded to defendants; and

(iv) moreover, there might be a danger of unfair prejudice to the defendant in
terms of dashed expectations.

30 Ms Liu also addressed me on whether the approach I took in _Lim Hong Kheng_
which was to place emphasis on the justice of the _particular case_ at hand
rather than on wider societal interests continued to apply in light of the
later legislative changes to the CPC. I will elaborate on this below.

My decision

Applicable legal principles

31 Sections 378(1) and (3) of the CPC provide that where the Petition of
Appeal against any judgment, order or sentence of the trial court is not
lodged within 14 days of the service of the record of proceedings and the
grounds of decision, the appeal is deemed withdrawn, unless an extension of
time is granted under s 380(1). Section 380(1) reads:

**Appeal specially allowed in certain cases**

**380.** —(1) The appellate court may, on the application of any person
debarred from appealing for non-compliance with any provision of this Code,
permit him to appeal against any judgment, sentence or order if it considers
it to be in the interests of justice, subject to such terms and conditions as
the court thinks fit.

…

32 There are no reported decisions as yet on s 380(1) of the CPC (“s 380(1)”).
Both Mr Oh and Ms Liu agreed that _Lim Hong Kheng_ is a useful starting point,
in as much as it is the leading decision on s 250 of the _previous_ edition of
the Criminal Procedure Code (Cap 68, 1985 Rev Ed) (“s 250”), the predecessor
to s 380(1).

33 Section 250 reads:

The High Court may, on the application of any person desirous of appealing who
is debarred from doing so upon the ground of his not having observed some
formality or some requirement of this Code, permit an appeal upon such terms
and with such directions to the District Judge or to the Magistrate and to the
parties as the Court considers desirable in order that substantial justice may
be done in the matter.

34 _Lim Hong Kheng_ involved an application by the defence under s 250 for
leave to file a Petition of Appeal against conviction out of time. There, I
rejected an argument made by the Prosecution’s counsel that the wider
interests of society at large should be considered in determining whether an
extension of time should be granted because I considered that this did not sit
well with the plain words of s 250. In particular, what was clear from the
section is that the court is to be guided by what would enable substantial
justice to be done “in the matter” at hand (_Lim Hong Kheng_ at [10]–[12]).

35 The Prosecution in _Lim Hong Kheng_ had relied considerably on the
following passage from the judgment of Kang Hwee Gee J of the High Court of
Malaysia in _Saw Yew Choy v Public Prosecutor_ [2000] 1 MLJ 493 (“ _Saw Yew
Choy_ ”) at 500 to support its contention (_Lim Hong Kheng_ at [10]):

However, the catch phrase ‘in order that substantial justice may be done in
the matter’ … was interpreted in … _Jumari’s_ case to encompass not merely
substantial justice to the convicted person but also substantial justice to
‘society at large on whose behalf the Public Prosecutor acts’ – following
which it was held on the other side of the coin, that no substantial justice
would be done, if the appellant’s application were to be allowed in that case.

36 I therefore examined the judgment in _Jumari bin Mohamed v Public
Prosecutor_ [1982] 1 MLJ 282 (“ _Jumari_ ”) to determine the context in which
that suggestion had apparently been made. This can be gleaned from 284 as
follows (_Lim Hong Kheng_ at [11]):

Further, there is nothing on record to show that the applicant’s conviction
was wrongful. In the circumstances, I am of the view that no substantial
justice would be done if the extension of time were allowed in the particular
case. For the purpose of doing substantial justice, the court must bear in
mind that justice must be done not only to the convicted person but also to
society at large on whose behalf the Public Prosecutor acts. As stated by
Thomson C.J. in [_Veerasingam v Public Prosecutor_ [1958] MLJ 76]… “It is just
as imperative that a rightful conviction should be successfully defended as it
is that a wrongful one should be successfully attacked”.

37 I concluded that when the passage was seen in its context, it became
evident that all the court was saying in _Jumari_ was that it would also have
to consider whether there were any merits in the proposed appeal. I therefore
did not accept that it was appropriate to consider the wider interests of
society at large where those are not directly relevant to the case at hand
(_Lim Hong Kheng_ at [12]).

38 In _Lim Hong Kheng_ , I also reviewed the cases dealing with the applicable
criteria to determine whether an extension of time should be granted in
relation to both criminal and civil appeals and concluded that the court
should apply an analytical framework that had regard to: (1) the length of the
delay in the prosecution of the appeal; (2) the explanation put forward for
the delay; and (3) the existence of _some_ prospect of success in the appeal
in determining whether such an extension should be granted (_Lim Hong Kheng_
at [27]). This was subsequently endorsed by the Court of Appeal in _Bachoo
Mohan Singh v Public Prosecutor and other applications_ [2010] 1 SLR 966 at
[64]).

39 I also held that these factors should not be considered and evaluated in a
mechanistic way or as though they were necessarily of equal or of any
particular importance relative to one another in every case. Nor should it be
expected that each of these factors will be considered in exactly the same
manner in all cases (_Lim Hong Kheng_ at [37(c)]).

40 The omission of the phrase “in the matter” in s 380(1) might suggest that
the court should now take into account the wider interests of society at large
in determining whether an extension of time should be granted contrary to what
I had held in _Lim Hong Kheng_.

41 However, Ms Liu pointed out that this omission should not detract from my
holding in _Lim Hong Kheng_. She rightly observed that the Parliamentary
debates and the explanatory statement on the amendments to the CPC said
nothing on the omission of these words and so this could not be taken to
suggest a deliberate legislative intent to change the law (_Singapore
Parliamentary Debates, Official Report_ (18 May 2010) vol 87 at cols 402–462;
Explanatory Statement in Criminal Procedure Code Bill (Bill No 11/2010)).

42 I agreed with Ms Liu and held that the touchstone in deciding whether
applications under s 380(1) should be granted remains the interests of justice
_in the particular case_. As I had noted in _Lim Hong Kheng_ , the Malaysian
cases that _seemingly_ held that broader societal interests might be relevant
did not in fact support this; and in any event, they did not offer any
guidance to us as to how such interests should be taken into account.

43 At the same time, I did not agree with Mr Oh’s submission that the need to
_rectify or correct_ a precedent should feature in my determination of whether
an extension of time should be granted. This was because this particular
consideration could easily be addressed if I were to disallow the motion on
the basis of the interests of justice in the case before me but nonetheless
also make it clear, were I of that view, that the decision below cannot stand
as a precedent. Indeed, I could have done this had I come to the conclusion
that the defendant in this case would be unfairly prejudiced if I were to
allow the motion and also come to a firm view that the sentence imposed was
manifestly inadequate.

44 Turning to the question of prejudice, though this is not expressly
mentioned in _Lim Hong Kheng_ or other cases on applications for extension of
time in these circumstances, it inevitably underlies the court’s consideration
of the issue. Indeed, it bears emphasis that the express words of both s 250
and s 350(1) of the CPC direct the court to the interests of justice. Unfair
prejudice to the parties will inevitably and inextricably be linked to the
question of what justice requires in a given case and the analytical framework
proposed in _Lim Hong Kheng_ is ultimately designed to provide a structured
framework for addressing this. But the present case was helpful in
highlighting a specific aspect of how prejudice might affect this analysis.

45 In my judgment, in applications such as the present, where an extension of
time to file an appeal is sought by the Prosecution, there is a heightened
need for the court to be alive the risk of potential prejudice occasioned to
respondent(s). I set out some examples to illustrate this.

46 In _Director of Public Prosecutions v Coleman_ [1998] 1 WLR 1708 (“
_Coleman_ ”), a decision of the English High Court, the defendant was
convicted by a magistrate of a road traffic offence but her conviction was
quashed on appeal to the Crown Court. Six days after the expiry of the time
allowed for appealing, the Crown applied to the Crown Court to state a case
for the opinion of the High Court and sought an extension of time to make such
an application. A High Court judge who heard the application _ex parte_ ,
granted an extension of time. The defendant objected to this, and applied to
pose additional questions, that largely centred on whether the judge ought to
have granted the extension of time.

47 Two other judges, Pill LJ and Garland J heard the defendant’s application,
and held that the judge below should not have done so. Pill LJ, who issued the
judgment of the court, said the following at 1715:

…[E]xtensions of time should not routinely be granted to the prosecution
against an acquitted defendant, Indeed, I would expect cogent reasons to be
required from the prosecution and that they should be considered against the
background that _an acquitted defendant has some expectation that … the case
is at an end_. [emphasis added]

48 The italicised portion of that passage in _Coleman_ , in my judgment,
reflects the important principle that a criminal defendant, who has been
acquitted or been convicted and sentenced has a right not to be kept in
_undue_ suspense over the possibility of an appeal by the Prosecution once the
time for this has run out and where he has an expectation that he will be able
to move on with his life (Thomas O’Malley, _Sentencing Law and Practice_
(Thomas Round Hall, 2nd Ed, 2006) at p 642 cited in Ireland, Law Reform
Commission, _Report on Prosecution Appeals and Pre-Trial Hearings_ (LRC
81-2006) (President: The Hon Mrs Catherine McGuinness) at footnote 29 at pp
24–25).

49 Another case illustrating prejudice to a defendant is _The Queen v Baisley
Tuimalu Leger_ [2001] NZCA 154 (“ _Leger_ ”), a decision of the New Zealand
Court of Appeal. The defendant youth offender there was convicted of one count
of sexual violence by rape and was sentenced to 2 years’ imprisonment,
_suspended_ for 2 years, during which the defendant was subject to 8 months’
periodic detention (which involves an offender reporting to a work centre for
at least one day a week for up to 10 hours), 7 months’ supervision and a fine.
The Crown did not object to this sentence at the court below but 35 days after
the time for appeal had expired, the Solicitor-General sought an extension of
time to appeal against the sentence on the ground that it was manifestly
inadequate and sought a sentence of more than 2 years’ imprisonment. Under New
Zealand law, a sentence of that duration could not be suspended.

50 While the court in _Leger_ accepted that there were merits in the appeal,
it nonetheless declined the Crown’s application because:

(a) the defendant had already commenced his sentence of periodic detention
before the Crown applied – the work centre and the defendant were not advised
of the appeal, and as a result, the defendant continued to attend and had
already completed half that sentence (_Leger_ at [13]); and

(b) the Crown did not object to the sentence imposed at the court below and
the defendant therefore had “very good reason to believe, when the appeal
period expired, that he was no longer in peril of imprisonment” (_Leger_ at
[31]).

51 These cases illustrate the potential danger of prejudice that could be
occasioned to defendants. They reinforce the importance of and the need for
the Prosecution to act expeditiously in filing appeals. It is in this context
that I find myself in broad agreement with Ms Liu’s submission, summarised at
[29(b)] above, that applications by the Prosecution for extensions of time
must be especially carefully scrutinised.

52 A similar point was made by Lord Bingham of Cornhill in the decision of the
House of Lords in _Regina v Weir_ [2001] 1 WLR 421. The defendant in that case
was convicted of murder, burglary and assault occasioning actual bodily harm.
His appeal to the English Court of Appeal was allowed on the ground that the
principal evidence on which he was convicted was a DNA profile that the court
below found to be inadmissible. The Court of Appeal certified a point of law
of general public importance but refused leave to appeal to the House of
Lords. The Crown applied for leave to appeal, but its application was one day
out of time beyond the statutory limit of 14 days allowed to prosecutors. The
Crown petitioned to the House of Lords for an extension of time and leave to
appeal. The House of Lords refused the extension of time and leave to appeal
because Section 34 of UK’s Criminal Appeal Act 1968 (c 19) permitted the grant
of an extension of time in favour of the defendants but not the Crown. On this
distinction made by statute, Lord Bingham held at 426:

It is not hard to infer why Parliament should have drawn a sharp distinction
between the position of a defendant and that of a prosecutor. A defendant …
may well be in prison and experience difficulty in giving instructions,
obtaining legal aid and perhaps instructing different solicitors for an appeal
…. A measure of latitude is therefore allowed to him. But none of these
problems would prevent a professional prosecutor who had already appeared at
the trial and in the Court of Appeal making application to the House of Lords
within the [prescribed period]. …

Exercise of the discretion in this case

53 I applied these principles to the present case.

54 The delay of three and a half weeks on the part of the Prosecution in
filing its criminal motion was not short, but it cannot be said to be
inordinate. I was also satisfied that the Prosecution had taken immediate
steps on discovering its mistake to pursue its appeal and to avoid any further
delay.

55 The problem had arisen due to an administrative lapse and although this was
not to be condoned, it had to be balanced against the public interest in
pursuing an appeal.

56 Mr Oh in his written submissions argued that there are several aggravating
factors, such as the presence of deliberate planning and premeditation on the
part of the respondent, and a serious degree of abuse of trust; he further
relied on a number of sentencing precedents to persuade me that the sentence
imposed by the district judge was manifestly inadequate.

57 This was not the occasion for me to come to a view on whether or not the
sentence was manifestly inadequate. That should, and indeed was left to
another judge who will make a determination as to whether the appeal should be
allowed. I therefore confine myself to saying that I was satisfied from the
arguments Mr Oh placed before me in his written submissions that the appeal
was not without some prospect of success.

58 Lastly, I was satisfied that there was no prejudice occasioned to the
respondent in the particular circumstances of this case. I was concerned
initially that he might have been prejudiced in having withdrawn his appeal
after the Prosecution’s appeal had lapsed because of its failure to file its
Petition of Appeal timeously. But the Prosecution filed its motion at a time
when the respondent’s appeal was still pending. At that stage, there was
nothing to indicate that the respondent wished to close this chapter and move
on with his life. His first intimation of an intention to withdraw his appeal
was a week or so after the motion was filed. By the time he did withdraw the
appeal on 26 June, he was certainly aware of the motion. Hence, this was a
different situation than was presented to the New Zealand Court of Appeal in
_Leger_ and the English Court of Appeal in _Coleman_.

59 Moreover at the hearing before me, the respondent informed me that he
proceeded to withdraw his appeal _even though he knew_ that the Prosecution
had filed the motion to extend time to file its Petition of Appeal because he
regretted what he had done. I set out the relevant portion of the transcript,
which reads:

Respondent: The decision to, er, forego my appeal was made upon receiving the
letter from State Court that the prosecution has not been able to file the
appeal. … Even though upon receiving that, er, the [Prosecution’s] criminal
motion, because, er, as I’m truly regretted, we have decided to go ahead to
withdraw our appeal. …

60 In the unusual circumstances of this case where the respondent himself had
appealed the decision below and the motion was brought during the pendency of
that appeal, and having regard to the other factors I have set out above, I
was satisfied there would be no unfair or undue prejudice to the respondent if
I allowed the motion.

Conclusion

61 For these reasons, I allowed the Prosecution’s motion and granted an
extension of time to file its Petition of Appeal.

62 I am very grateful for the assistance afforded by Ms Liu who presented me
with detailed, thorough and careful submissions.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 13 Nov 2015 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

