Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Veeramani Manikam _v_ Public Prosecutor  
[2015] SGHC 201

Case Number| :| Magistrate's Appeal No 133 of 2013  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 03 August 2015  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Chan Seng Onn J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Jason Chan, Kelvin Kek, Kok Li-en and Joshua Raj Thomas
(Allen & Gledhill LLP) for the appellant; Mark Jayaratnam and Delicia Tan
(Attorney-General's Chambers) for the respondent.  
Parties| :|  Veeramani Manikam — Public Prosecutor  
  
3 August 2015| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Chan Seng Onn J:

1 This is an appeal brought by the appellant against his conviction and
sentence. On 19 June 2013, the appellant was convicted by a District Court
Judge (“the DJ”) on two charges for importation of 474.4 grams of cannabis and
246.52 grams of cannabis mixture under s 7 of the Misuse of Drugs Act (Cap
185, 2008 Rev Ed) (“MDA”) punishable under s 33(1) of the MDA and one charge
of possession of Nimetazepam, a “Class C” controlled drug, under s 8(a) of the
MDA. The appellant was sentenced to a total of 20 years’ and 6 months’
imprisonment with 20 strokes of the cane. The DJ’s grounds of decision can be
found at _PP v Veeramani Manikam_ [2013] SGDC 206 (“the DJ’s GD”).

2 The appellant is a Malaysian Citizen who, prior to his arrest on 30 December
2011, was working as a daily-rated bus driver, ferrying Malaysian workers into
and out of Singapore, and as a “bouncer” in a pub in Johor Bahru (“JB”),
Malaysia. On 30 December 2011 at or about 6.50am, the appellant drove a
Malaysian registered motor vehicle _viz_ , a Proton Wira car with registration
number JKJ1408 (“the Car”), into the Woodlands Checkpoint, Singapore from JB.
Acting on intelligence, two officers from the Immigration & Checkpoints
Authority (“ICA”) proceeded to check the Car. At about 6.59am when the
appellant opened the bonnet of the Car, a black bag (“the Black Bag”) was
found to be concealed under two car mats between the air filter compartment
and the battery of the Car. The Black Bag contained two bundles of plastic-
wrapped vegetable matter and a tablet. The vegetable matter was later
confirmed to be cannabis mixture and the tablet was confirmed to be
Nimetazepam.

3 Before the DJ and this Court, the prosecution relied on the presumptions in
ss 18(2) and 21 of the MDA. By way of overview, s 18(2) of the MDA states that
a person who is proved or presumed to have had a controlled drug in his
possession is presumed to have known the nature of the drugs and s 21 of the
MDA states that if a controlled drug is found in any vehicle, the owner or the
person who is in charge of the vehicle for the time being is presumed to be in
possession of the controlled drug.

4 In both the proceedings here and below, the appellant sought to rebut these
presumptions. The appellant was unrepresented in the proceedings below. On
appeal, he remained unrepresented for two days of hearing until Mr Jason Chan
(“Mr Chan”) was appointed on 28 January 2014 to represent the appellant on a
_pro-bono_ basis. To date, the appellant has been remanded in prison for
approximately 3 years and 7 months.

5 I now turn to the appellant’s defence. According to the appellant, he was
working as a bouncer in a pub named “Peace and Bistro” located in Taman
Perling, JB (“the Pub”). On 29 December 2011, while the appellant was working
at the Pub, a customer who frequently sang at the Pub (who was known to the
appellant only as and shall be referred to in my judgment as “the Singer”)
arrived at 11.00pm. Both the appellant and the Singer drank for some part of
the night and the Singer requested the appellant to arrange for transport to
Singapore, as the Singer had to return for his work. After failed attempts at
contacting a taxi driver, the appellant approached his co-worker, Ravi, for
help. Ravi agreed to allow the appellant to use the Car, which belonged to
him, on condition that the Singer drove to Singapore, as the appellant had
consumed alcohol throughout the night. The appellant was supposed to drive the
Car back after he dropped the Singer off. Ravi also informed the appellant
that the amount of petrol in the Car might be running low. The Singer told the
appellant that he would pay him an amount between RM20-30 for his assistance.

6 As the amount of petrol in the Car was low, the Singer first drove to a
petrol station with the appellant in the passenger seat next to him. The
appellant said he noticed the Black Bag in the Car. He opened the bag to
ascertain if there was anything valuable in the bag, only to be told by the
Singer that it contained food. The appellant then went to the restroom at the
petrol station. When he returned, he noticed that the bonnet of the Car was
open. The Singer then continued driving the Car, and the appellant fell asleep
whilst seated on the front passenger seat. According to the appellant, the
Singer was not present in the Car when he was awoken by a Malaysian Traffic
Police officer who threatened to issue a summons if the appellant did not move
his car.

7 At that point, the Car was parked somewhere along the road before the
Malaysian Customs. As the Singer was no longer in the Car, the appellant moved
to the driver’s seat, drove the Car, crossed the Malaysian Customs and
proceeded towards the Woodlands Checkpoint because he was unable to make a
U-turn. He intended to make a U-turn after the Woodlands Checkpoint. The
appellant had also noticed that the Black Bag was not in the Car and assumed
that the Singer had taken it with him.

8 At the hearing below, the DJ rejected the appellant’s defence. I reproduce
the relevant portion of the DJ’s GD:

44 On the facts, I found his explanation puzzling and incredible. According to
the Accused, he had borrowed the car from ‘Ravi’ ostensibly in order for the
singer to go to Singapore. After he was awoken by [t]he Malaysian Traffic
Police officer and he found the singer missing from his seat, there was no
longer any reason for him to make the trip into Singapore. **_I found it
inexplicable that he had driven into Singapore instead of turning back and
returning to the pub as the officer was chasing him from where the car was
parked and that it was a straight road. On the facts, as there were many
internal inconsistencies in the Accused’s evidence and his explanation as to
why he had no choice but to drive into Singapore to be incredible_** , I
rejected his evidence and instead found that he had clearly intended to import
the drugs into Singapore as he had driven from Johor Bahru into Singapore with
the drugs. **_Further, by his own admission as the drugs were not meant for
his personal consumption, it could be inferred that the drugs were brought
into Singapore for the purpose of trafficking._** Consequently, I was
satisfied that the prosecution had established that [_sic_] the element of
importation as he had brought the drugs from Johor Bahru, Malaysia into
Singapore.

45 In the present case, I also found that the Accused was aware with [_sic_]
the contents of the black bag and he had driven into Woodlands Checkpoint from
Johor Bahru for the purpose of importing the drugs into Singapore. During his
examination-in-chief, he testified that he had opened the black bag (_Exhibit
P35_) when he saw it in the car. According to him as he wanted to see if it
belonged to Ravi and if there was anything valuable inside, **_he opened it
and saw “something inside”. During his cross-examination, he gave evidence
that when he opened it and_****[****_sic_****]****_there was another bag
inside._** Nevertheless, during his cross-examination, when the prosecution
highlighted that from the photograph, _Exhibit P23_ it could be seen that the
wrapper for exhibit marked **B1A** was transparent, he agreed. I also noted
that the other bundle of cannabis and cannabis mixture exhibit marked
**B1B1A1** was wrapped with transparent plastic wrappers. **_To my mind, by
his own evidence, the Appellant was clearly aware that the black bag contained
drugs when he drove the car JKJ1408 alone from Johor Bahru into Singapore._**

[emphasis added in bold italics]

9 The appellant appealed against both his conviction and sentence. When I
first heard the appeal on 27 September 2013, the appellant was unrepresented.
I noted that the existence of a U-turn before the Malaysian Customs had not
been ascertained and no attempt was made to verify the existence of the Pub,
his co-worker Ravi, the Singer and the incident of the Malaysian Traffic
Police officer waking him up and ordering him to drive the Car away. I
questioned the appellant. I also asked the prosecution to address me on,
_inter alia_ , these points. The matter was adjourned as further facts had to
be verified and if necessary, for fresh evidence to be taken before me. Mr
Chan had, since taking on the appellant’s case, proceeded to obtain a private
investigation report from, Mr Neo Keng Hoe William (“Mr Neo”), a private
investigator, on some of the aforementioned issues.

10 Mr Neo gave evidence before me on 11 November 2014. His evidence was that
there was no available U-turn located at the Johor Sultan Iskandar Complex
Customs. He stated that the only way to make a U-turn would be to “go back” to
Singapore and proceed to come back to JB. [note: 1] On 25 March 2015, SSGT Lim
Cheng Hwee (“SSGT Lim”) gave evidence for the prosecution and confirmed that
he had been informed that (i) “[the Malaysian Customs] will not allow anyone
to just make a U-turn so easily”[note: 2] and (ii) an individual who informed
an officer at the Malaysian Customs that he wished to make a U-turn might be
allowed to do so. Notwithstanding the differences between the evidence of Mr
Neo and SSGT Lim, it is clear that “negotiating” a U-turn (if one is at all
possible) near the Malaysian Customs is not a straightforward matter, and it
would have made sense for the appellant, even in the absence of the Singer, to
proceed to drive into Singapore instead of having to go through the cumbersome
process of approaching an officer at the Malaysian Customs and explaining his
situation.

11 Given this, the factual premises relied on by the DJ _viz_ , it was “
_inexplicable that [the appellant] had driven into Singapore instead of
turning back and returning to the [Pub]_ ” (see [44] of the DJ’s GD), is
inherently flawed as there seems to be a highly plausible explanation for the
appellant driving into Singapore even though the Singer was no longer in the
Car. This finding of the DJ also appears to be made against the weight of the
evidence before her as the appellant’s evidence that he could not perform a
U-turn was not challenged by the prosecution in the hearing below.

12 I also find that it cannot be concluded that the appellant was “clearly
aware” that the Black Bag contained drugs just because he had opened the said
bag and seen “something inside”, and had further stated during his cross-
examination “that when he opened [the Black Bag], and [_sic_] there was
another bag inside” (see the DJ’s finding of fact noted at [45] of the DJ’s
GD). Based on the photographs of the Black Bag and its contents exhibited as
P22 to P27, I accept that some of the wrappings used to wrap each of the two
bundles of drugs separately were transparent and some were translucent.
However, after examining photograph P24 which shows Exhibit BIB before it was
unwrapped, I accept the submission by Mr Chan and find on the objective
evidence that Exhibit B1B is actually opaque when viewed in its original
wrapped form because multiple layers of wrapping were used. The bundle of
drugs B1B1A1 was first taped up in translucent brown sticky tape and
thereafter wrapped in a translucent blue plastic bag, followed by a
transparent plastic wrapper that had an opaque pictorial advertisement of the
brand “Roti Kaya” on it. The said bundle was finally wrapped in a translucent
pink plastic bag. From my observation, the multiple layers of wrapping have in
fact rendered the whole bundle of drugs in Exhibit BIB opaque as can be seen
in photograph P24. Apart from the fact that the appellant might have seen the
opaque Exhibit B1B instead of Exhibit B1A when he opened the Black Bag without
taking out any of the bundles, I also observe that _even if_ the appellant
might have seen Exhibit B1A instead of the opaque Exhibit BIB, it would not
have been readily apparent that Exhibit B1A contained drugs if it was placed
sideways in the Black Bag and viewed edgewise through several layers of
transparent wrapping. Therefore, it remains highly probable that the appellant
would not have known merely by opening the Black Bag that the bundles inside
the Black Bag contained drugs, especially when viewed in the light of the
assurance from the Singer, a pub customer known to the appellant, that the bag
contained food.

13 Additionally, the DJ manifestly erred by finding that the appellant
admitted that the drugs were not for his personal consumption; such a finding
also implied an admission by the appellant that he knew that the Black Bag
contained drugs (see [44] of the DJ’s GD). This purported admission is
completely unsupported by the evidence before the DJ. The appellant merely
stated that he did not consume drugs;[note: 3] such an innocuous statement
does not at all support the implied admission inferred by the DJ.

14 In the present case, I am satisfied that the appellant has rebutted the
presumptions in ss 18(2) and 21 of the MDA on a balance of probabilities.
First, I note that the appellant’s testimony and version of events have been
largely consistent since he was arrested and he was able to provide a detailed
account of the events leading up to his arrest. I find his candid testimony to
be credible. Indeed, the appellant was, _inter alia_ , able to provide
directions of where the Pub was located and draw the internal layout of the
Pub during the hearing before me on 24 October 2013. As an aside, I note that
the prosecution had submitted at the trial below that the accused had
“fabricated his entire defence” and that he “could not even provide the
address of his place of residence, his workplace which is the pub, the alleged
pub and the petrol kiosk.” At the appeal, the prosecution similarly maintained
its position that “[the] entire story [of the appellant] is highly improbable”
and reiterated that the appellant “[was not] even [able] to state the proper
name of the pub or where it was located other than giving just a general
reference to its location in JB.”[note: 4] However, I note that at the trial
below, the appellant had in fact accurately provided the name of the Pub as
“Peace and Bistro” and stated that it was located “on the way to Iskandar
Road” at Taman Perling.[note: 5] The existence of the Pub at the location
mentioned by the appellant could have been ascertained by a simple search on
the Internet (which was probably not done by the investigating officers in
charge of the appellant’s case (“the IOs”) and the prosecution). I performed a
“Google” search based on the name of the Pub provided by the appellant and
found the address and location of the “Peace Bistro Pub and Café” in Taman
Perling in JB which broadly tallies with what the appellant had said. I note
that Mr Neo was also subsequently able to verify the physical existence of the
Pub.

15 Second, as noted at [10] and [11] above, the appellant’s explanation for
driving into Singapore when he had no intention to go to Singapore after the
Singer abandoned him in the Car near the Malaysian Customs is plausible given
the difficulties he had in making a U-turn at that location. Third, on the
evidence, the appellant would not likely have suspected that there were
controlled drugs in the Black Bag after he was assured by the Singer that it
contained food when he opened the bag, especially since he was tired after a
session of alcohol consumption. I also note that one of the IOs who gave
evidence in the court below said that the appellant was “slurring” when he was
arrested and that he fell asleep while he was being investigated a few hours
after his arrest.[note: 6] This subsequent conduct of the appellant is
entirely consistent with the appellant’s factual account of him having drunk
heavily the night before and fallen asleep in the Car while the Singer
smoothly departed. If the appellant wanted to perform a drug run to bring the
controlled drugs into Singapore in the early hours of that morning of 30
December 2011, I find it odd that he would not want to be in an alert state of
mind whilst making the drug run. Instead he took so much alcohol the night
before that it appears to me that a drug run immediately following all that
heavy drinking would not on a balance be something on his mind.

16 Additionally, the appellant was candid in providing Ravi’s phone number and
mentioning that a Malaysian “officer” told him that he was not allowed to park
on the side of the road in his statement given on 2 January 2012 (“the 2
January 2012 Statement”) soon after his arrest. It is unfortunate that the IOs
chose not to check the truth or falsity of the appellant’s story at that time
and follow up by tracing the location of the Pub, the existence and
whereabouts of Ravi, the Singer and the Malaysian Traffic Police officer who
had woken the appellant up while the Car was stationary near the Malaysian
Customs.

17 On the whole, the appellant has rebutted the presumptions in ss 18(2) and
21 of the MDA and satisfied me on a balance of probabilities that he is not
guilty of importing or possessing the controlled drugs.

18 As a final point, I note that the appellant highlighted an incident that
occurred sometime in November 2011 (about a month before his arrest) where he
declined a request to illegally transport cigarettes into Singapore and had
reported such activity to the ICA (“the ICA Report”) at the Woodlands
Checkpoint. The appellant believed that he might have been framed up because
of this. The appellant’s account in relation to the ICA Report was not a mere
afterthought that was proffered in the present appeal. The appellant raised
the ICA Report soon after his arrest in the 2 January 2012 Statement and
attempted to raise it at the court below. The DJ, for reasons not known, did
not allow the appellant to fully ventilate this point in the hearing
below.[note: 7] However, the appellant and prosecution made full submissions
on this point in the present appeal. The prosecution called officers of the
ICA to give evidence on the ICA Report. The following points may be gleaned
from the evidence of these witnesses: (i) both the ICA and Singapore Customs
do not have records of any complaint made by the appellant; (ii) there are
about six steps in the workflow relating to reports made on such illegal
cigarette smuggling;[note: 8] and (iii) there will be no record with ICA of
any such complaint if it was not properly recorded at the Woodlands
Checkpoint.[note: 9] I do not find the appellant’s evidence on the ICA Report
to be wholly unbelievable or inherently incredible. I am of the view that it
is unlikely that the appellant would fabricate this entire episode. He readily
offered his passport for verification of the date in November 2011 when he
would have made the ICA Report (and he was also subsequently able to provide
satisfactory explanations for the additional trips made to Singapore during
that period). I am of the view that there is a possibility that the ICA Report
was not recorded. I must also add that the very conspicuous arrangement of the
large car mats covering the Black Bag placed just next to the battery of the
Car beneath the bonnet (see photographs P17 to P22) is inconsistent with a
design to conceal the Black Bag so as to import the drugs. To the contrary,
when viewed in the light of the fact that the ICA officers had stopped the Car
acting on intelligence, the aforesaid arrangement seems to have been executed
so as to ensure that the Black Bag is readily discoverable merely by opening
the bonnet of the Car. Therefore, this evidence – even in the absence of the
ICA Report in the ICA records – appears to lend some support to the
appellant’s argument that he might have been framed up because he had refused
a request to illegally transport cigarettes into Singapore and had reported it
to the ICA.

19 Nevertheless, I state, for completeness, that the appellant has rebutted
the presumptions in ss 18(2) and 21 of the MDA even without having to rely on
the ICA Report, and, viewed in the light of all the circumstances, the
discrepancies in the appellant’s evidence that may be attributed to his ICA
Report have not undermined the credibility of his other evidence as a whole,
which I have found to be consistent and predominantly unrebutted.

20 In the light of the above, I allow the present appeal and set aside the
appellant’s conviction and acquit him of all the charges. In closing, I would
like to express my gratitude to Mr Chan for his detailed and well-researched
submissions.

* * *

[note: 1]Transcripts dated 11 November 2014, pp 103-104.

[note: 2]Transcripts dated 25 March 2015, p 32:4-12.

[note: 3]Notes of Evidence dated 19 June 2013, p 38.

[note: 4]Transcript dated 27 September 2013, p 12.

[note: 5]Notes of Evidence dated 19 June 2013, pp 4-5.

[note: 6]Notes of Evidence dated 18 June 2013, p 40, 48-49.

[note: 7]Notes of Evidence dated 19 June 2013, p 11.

[note: 8]Transcript dated 11 November 2014, p 24.

[note: 9]Transcript dated 11 November 2014, p 51.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 03 Aug 2015 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

