Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Lee Yee Mui _v_ Chau Hong Loan  
[2015] SGHC 314

Case Number| :| Suit No 1101 of 2013  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 10 December 2015  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Chua Lee Ming JC  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Foo Jong Han Rey (KSCGP Juris LLP) for the plaintiff;
Wong Xun-Ai and Chia Ho Choon (KhattarWong LLP) for the defendant.  
Parties| :|  Lee Yee Mui — Chau Hong Loan  
  
10 December 2015|  
---|---  
  
Chua Lee Ming JC:

Introduction

1 This was a dispute between the plaintiff, Lee Yee Mui, and her daughter-in-
law Chau Hong Loan, the defendant, over S$955,867.84. This amount represented
the net proceeds (“the Net Proceeds”) of the sale of an apartment at 26F Toh
Tuck Road #03-01, Toh Tuck Lodge, Singapore 596221 (“the Property”). The
plaintiff claimed a half-share of the Net Proceeds whilst the defendant
counterclaimed for the entire amount.

2 At the end of the trial, I gave judgment in favour of the plaintiff and
dismissed the defendant’s counterclaim. I awarded costs to the plaintiff for
both the claim and counterclaim fixed at S$90,000 excluding reasonable
disbursements. The defendant has appealed against the whole of my decision.

The facts

3 The defendant is a Vietnamese national. She met the plaintiff’s son, Chang
Koon Yuen (“Koon Yuen”) in Vietnam in 1995 and married him in early 2003. They
lived in Vietnam after their marriage.

4 The plaintiff and defendant bought the Property in April 2003 for S$630,000.
Both signed the Offer to Purchase the Property dated 3 April 2003.[note: ]

5 By way of letter dated 14 April 2003, Oversea-Chinese Banking Corporation
Ltd (“OCBC”) offered the plaintiff and defendant a loan of S$378,000 to
finance their purchase of the Property.[note: i]

6 On 17 April 2003, the plaintiff and defendant signed the following documents
in the presence of the Attache at the Singapore Consulate in Vietnam:

(a) The Acceptance Copy of the Option to Purchase the Property.[note: ii]

(b) OCBC’s letter of offer, confirming their acceptance of the loan
offer.[note: iii]

(c) Two similar letters addressed to Koon Yuen, one signed by each of the
plaintiff and the defendant (“the April 2003 Letters”).[note: iv] In their
respective letters, the plaintiff and defendant agreed to allow Koon Yuen to
use their names “in [his] purchase” of the Property. The plaintiff and the
defendant also confirmed that they were signing their respective letters
“voluntarily for no benefit” to themselves, and Koon Yuen confirmed that he
would be “fully responsible for the purchase” of the Property.

7 The purchase of the Property was completed in June 2003. The Property was
registered in the plaintiff’s and defendant’s names as joint tenants.

8 The purchase price of the Property was paid for as follows:

(a) S$6,300 was paid following the signing of the Offer to Purchase, by way of
a cheque dated 4 April 2003 issued by the plaintiff’s daughter, Chung Soh Mei
(“Soh Mei”);[note: v]

(b) S$32,750 was paid in June 2003 by way of a cheque dated 6 June 2003 issued
by the plaintiff;[note: vi]

(c) S$212,950 was paid on 4 June 2003 by the defendant by way of remittance
from her bank;[note: vii] and

(d) the balance was paid using the loan of S$378,000 from OCBC.

9 At the material time, the defendant was managing a company called A K
Company Ltd (“AK Co”) in Vietnam. According to the defendant, AK Co was a
family business set up by her parents. Although the plaintiff suggested that
AK Co belonged to Koon Yuen, no evidence was adduced in support of this. The
defendant gave evidence that she set up several businesses in Singapore,
together with Soh Mei and Soh Mei’s younger sister, Chung Kim Mei. These
businesses were all registered as sole proprietorships in Soh Mei’s name:

(a) Acera Ken Enterprises (“Acera”) – Acera was first registered on 27 August
1999. The registration was cancelled after it expired on 27 August 2009.[note:
viii]

(b) Chiho Enterprises (“Chiho”) – Chiho was first registered on 28 April
2003.[note: ix]

(c) Meiyo Enterprises (“Meiyo”) – Meiyo was first registered on 29 August
2006.[note: x]

(d) Bizfam Enterprises (“Bizfam”) – Bizfam was first registered on 20 October
2006. The registration was cancelled after it expired on 20 October
2012.[note: xi]

In these grounds of decision, Acera, Chiho, Meiyo and Bizfam will be referred
to collectively as the “Singapore businesses”. The Singapore businesses
sourced products for AK Co. According to the defendant, she stopped doing
business with the Singapore businesses by early 2013.

10 In 2011, the plaintiff severed the joint tenancy by registering a Statutory
Declaration to Change Manner of Holding.[note: xii] Thereafter the plaintiff
and defendant held the Property as tenants-in-common in equal shares. The
Property was sold in September 2013 for S$1,210,000.

11 On 1 May 2014, the defendant and Koon Yuen signed a document (“the May 2014
Document”) which stated that both of them had bought the Property and that
they agreed to divide the net proceeds from the sale of the Property equally
between the two of them.[note: xiii]

The issues

12 The plaintiff and defendant held the legal interest in the Property in
equal shares. The question was whether the beneficial interests were held in
different proportions.

13 Both parties relied on _Chan Yuen Lan v See Fong Mun_ [2014] 3 SLR 1048 (“
_Chan Yuen Lan”_). The relevant principles from _Chan Yuen Lan_ for the
purposes of this case were the following:

(a) Parties will be presumed to hold the beneficial interest in a property in
proportion to their respective contributions to the purchase price, _ie_ the
presumption of resulting trust arises.

(b) However, if there is an express or inferred common intention as to how the
beneficial interest in the property will be held, then the parties will hold
the beneficial interest in accordance with that common intention. In this
regard, the question is whether a common intention in fact exists; the court
may not impute a common intention where it did not in fact exist.

(c) If there is insufficient evidence of the parties’ respective financial
contributions or of a common intention, the beneficial interest will be held
in the same manner in which the legal interest is held.

14 The plaintiff’s case was that there was no clear evidence of (a) the direct
financial contributions towards the purchase price of the Property, or (b) any
common intention that the beneficial interest in the Property was to be held
differently from the legal interest. Accordingly, the plaintiff submitted that
the parties held the beneficial interest in the Property in the same
proportion as their legal interests. Hence the plaintiff’s claim for a half-
share of the Net Proceeds.

15 The defendant’s case was that she had contributed to the entire purchase
price of the Property and therefore the plaintiff’s share in the Property was
held on a resulting trust for the defendant. The defendant’s alternative case
was that there was a common intention that she would hold the entire
beneficial interest in the Property. The defendant therefore laid claim to the
entire Net Proceeds.

16 The issues before me were as follows:

(a) What were the defendant’s financial contributions to the purchase price of
the Property?

(b) Was there a common intention (whether express or inferred) that the
defendant should hold the entire beneficial interest in the Property?

17 The plaintiff’s claim to a half share of the Net Proceeds rested on her
legal interest in the Property. This meant that the defendant bore the burden
of proving her assertions that she paid the entire purchase price of the
Property and/or that there was a common intention that she held the entire
beneficial interest in the Property such that she should be entitled to the
whole of the Net Proceeds.

The defendant’s financial contributions to the purchase price

18 The four categories of payments made towards the purchase price of the
Property have been set out at [8] above.

19 In her counterclaim, the defendant had pleaded that she paid the
maintenance and utilities charges in relation to the Property. However, in her
closing submissions, the defendant accepted (and in my view, correctly) that
such payments were irrelevant for the purposes of determining the parties’
contributions towards the purchase price.[note: xiv]

Payment of S$6,300 in April 2003

20 It was not disputed that the first payment of S$6,300 to the seller was
made by way of a cheque dated 4 April 2003 issued by Soh Mei.[note: xv]Soh Mei
gave evidence that she made the payment on behalf of the plaintiff.

21 The defendant claimed that the funds for this payment were provided by her.
She claimed that she gave Soh Mei “$10,000 to $20,000” in cash, on Koon Yuen’s
instructions, when Soh Mei was in Vietnam sometime in March 2003.[note: xvi]
However, this was nothing more than a bare assertion. Under cross-examination,
the defendant was unable to say whether the cash was in Singapore dollars or
US dollars, or what the actual amount was[note: xvii] and had no satisfactory
explanation as to why she had such a large sum of money in cash and in a
_foreign currency_ in her house.[note: xviii] The defendant did not ask Soh
Mei to sign any receipt of this cash or provide evidence of any subsequent
correspondence with Soh Mei wherein this cash amount was referred to. There
was no documentary evidence before the court to show that this amount was
given by the defendant and received by Soh Mei.

22 I found it odd that the defendant did not keep any record of the amount
allegedly given to Soh Mei or of how the amount was spent, especially since at
that point in time no property had been found yet and so it was not known what
amounts would be needed to pay for the property.

23 In my view, the defendant’s claim was improbable. I concluded that the
defendant had not proven her claim that the payment of S$6,300 by Soh Mei was
made using monies provided by her.

Payment of S$32,750 in June 2003

24 It was not disputed that the payment of S$32,750 in June 2003 was made by
way of a cheque dated 6 June 2003 issued by the plaintiff.[note: xix] The
defendant claimed that she provided the funds for this payment. In support of
her claim, the defendant alleged that she paid S$8,820 on 13 March 2003 and
S$29,860 on 27 March 2003 (total S$38,680) to Bizfam and that the plaintiff’s
payment came from these funds.[note: xx]

25 In my view, there were several difficulties with the defendant’s claim.
First, the two payments were made in the same month in which the defendant
allegedly gave “$10,000 to $20,000” (in either Singapore or US dollars) to Soh
Mei in cash. The defendant’s evidence was that at that time she did not know
which apartment she was buying.[note: xxi] Yet, the defendant kept no records
of how the funds were used. If the defendant was to be believed, she would
have given Soh Mei at least S$48,680 in March 2003 for the purchase of a
property that had not yet been found. I found it most unusual that she would
have kept no records if her allegations were true.

26 Second, I found it equally if not more unusual that she allegedly made
payments in those very specific amounts (S$8,820 and S$29,860) in March 2003
when it was not yet known what amount would be needed to pay for the Property
or when payments would have to be made.

27 Third, the two payments were not made as discrete payments in the two
specified amounts. Instead, they were alleged to have been part of two larger
amounts remitted by AK Co to Bizfam. The payment of S$8,820 was allegedly part
of US$13,593.13 remitted by AK Co to Bizfam on 13 March 2003.[note: xxii] The
payment of S$29,860 was allegedly part of US$43,924.97 remitted by AK Co to
Bizfam on 27 March 2003.[note: xxiii] As I shall explain later, I found that
the defendant had not proven the nexus between the remittances by AK Co to the
Singapore businesses and the payments towards the purchase price of the
Property.

28 For the above reasons, I concluded that the defendant had not proven her
claim that the payment of S$32,750 was made using monies provided by her.

Payment of S$212,950 on 4 June 2003

29 It was not disputed that the defendant was the one who paid the sum of
S$212,950 to the lawyers acting for the plaintiff and defendant in the
purchase of the Property. However, it was also not disputed that Soh Mei
deposited three amounts (which came up to a total of US$125,000) into the
defendant’s account in Singapore to enable her to make the payment of
S$212,950 to the lawyers.[note: xxiv] The three deposits were US$33,500 made
on 17 April 2003 and US$47,000 and US$45,000, both made on 27 May 2003.[note:
xxv]

30 The defendant claimed that the funds for the three amounts deposited by Soh
Mei came from three payments by AK Co to Bizfam: S$52,100 in April 2003,
S$112,510 in May 2003 and S$11,990 in June 2003. Again, I found several
difficulties with this claim. First, these three amounts were also not paid as
discrete sums but were allegedly part of larger amounts remitted by AK Co to
Bizfam.[note: xxvi] The defendant alleged as follows:

(a) The payment of S$52,100 in April 2003 was part of two remittances by AK Co
to Bizfam on 7 and 15 April 2003. The total amount of these two remittances
was US$87,572.55.

(b) The payment of S$112,510 in May 2003 was part of six remittances by AK Co
to Bizfam between 5 and 23 May 2003. The total amount of these six remittances
was US$148,244.70.

(c) The payment of S$11,990 in June 2003 was part of a remittance of US$20,000
by AK Co to Bizfam on 24 June 2003.

Again, as I shall explain later, I found that the defendant had not proven the
nexus between the remittances to Soh Mei’s Singapore businesses and the
payments towards the purchase price of the Property.

31 Second, the payments relied on by the defendant added up to a total of
S$176,600, which was S$36,350 short of S$212,950. In her affidavit of evidence
in chief (“AEIC”), the defendant tried to explain the shortfall by claiming
that there was a document that was missing.[note: xxvii] However, under cross-
examination, the defendant changed her evidence and claimed instead that the
shortfall was made good using the cash that she had allegedly given to Soh Mei
in March 2003.[note: xxviii] This was a material unexplained change in her
evidence. Yet, even if one assumed that the amount given to Soh Mei in cash in
March 2003 was US$20,000 (which would be approximately S$34,000 based on the
conversion rate then[note: xxix]), the balance of that amount after making the
first payment of S$6,300 (see [20] – [21] above) would be S$27,700 which was
still insufficient to make up the shortfall of S$36,350.

32 Third, the defendant sought to rely on the payment of S$11,990 made on _24
June 2003_. The defendant alleged that this amount was part of the funds that
enabled Soh Mei to make the three deposits into her account. However, this
allegation simply could not be true as the evidence showed that Soh Mei had
made the three deposits into the defendant’s account by _27 May 2003_! Not
only did this challenge the defendant’s credibility, it also meant that the
unexplained shortfall (see [31]) would be an even bigger amount.

33 Fourth, if the funds remitted by AK Co were indeed meant to be used to pay
for the Property, Soh Mei and/or the plaintiff could have easily used the
money to make payment directly to the lawyers. When questioned about this, the
defendant was at first unresponsive but in the end said Koon Yuen told her the
money had to be put into her account to avoid any dispute in future.[note:
xxx] I found the defendant’s explanation unconvincing. After all, according to
the defendant’s own case, she had made all the other payments (both before and
_after_ this payment of S$212,950) for the Property through Soh Mei and the
plaintiff, without going through this convoluted procedure of having the
monies deposited into her own account in Singapore first.

34 I rejected the defendant’s claim that the payment of S$212,950 was made
using funds remitted by AK Co. In my view, the evidence was not credible.

Mortgage payments

35 It was not disputed that the mortgage payments were made by GIRO deductions
from the plaintiff’s bank account. The defendant claimed that she provided the
funds for these payments.[note: xxxi] These funds were allegedly part of
larger amounts remitted by AK Co to the Singapore businesses. For the reasons
set out below, I found that the defendant had not proven the nexus between the
remittances by AK Co to Soh Mei’s Singapore businesses and the payments
towards the purchase price of the Property. Accordingly, I concluded that the
defendant had not proven her allegations.

Nexus between the remittances by AK Co and the payments for the Property

36 As has been seen, the defendant alleged that all of the payments towards
the purchase price of the Property (except for the first payment of S$6,300)
came from funds remitted by AK Co to the Singapore businesses (see [27], [30]
and [35] above). To prove her allegation, the defendant had to prove that:

(a) AK Co did remit the funds to the Singapore businesses; and

(b) part of those funds were in fact used towards payment of the purchase
price of the Property.

37 The defendant produced the records of the remittances (“remittance
records”) by AK Co to the Singapore businesses. The plaintiff did not
challenge these records. The remittance records proved that funds were
remitted by AK Co to the Singapore businesses but they did not show whether
any part of those funds were used to pay for the Property. Indeed, based on
the remittance records, the funds were intended as payments under certain
contracts specified in the remittance records.

38 There was no direct evidence that any part of the monies remitted by AK Co
were in fact used to make payments for the Property. The question then was
whether this conclusion could be inferred from the evidence. What was needed
was a nexus between the remittances by AK Co and the payments for the
Property.

39 The defendant relied on monthly statements of account (“Statements”) as
part of her case. Each Statement contained a table which showed the amounts to
be paid for a list of items in a particular month. The lists included items
that appeared to be products for AK Co’s business. But the lists also included
items described as “All fees” and “Toh Tuck – Monthly payment for [month]”.
The defendant alleged that these items referred to payments for the purchase
of the Property.[note: xxxii]

40 The defendant’s contention was that:

(a) the Statements were prepared by Soh Mei; and

(b) the amounts remitted by AK Co to the Singapore businesses were made based
on the Statements.

41 In my view, proof of both (a) _and_ (b) would give rise to the inference
that part of the monies remitted by AK Co were in fact used to make payments
for the Property. The burden would then shift to the plaintiff to prove
otherwise.

Whether the Statements were prepared by Soh Mei

42 Soh Mei denied preparing the Statements. In the defendant’s oral testimony,
she said that Koon Yuen told her that the Statements were prepared by Soh Mei.
In my view, this was clearly hearsay evidence. Koon Yuen was not in court to
give evidence.

43 The defendant submitted that the court should look at the totality of the
evidence and emphasised the fact that she had acted on the Statements in
arranging the remittances by AK Co. However, the fact that the defendant acted
on the Statements merely proved that she intended part of the monies remitted
by AK Co to be used to make payments for the Property. Her intention alone did
not give rise to the inference that the monies were in fact used to pay for
the Property. For the inference to arise, she had to also prove her allegation
that the Statements were prepared by Soh Mei.

44 The defendant referred to five emails purportedly sent by Soh Mei to Koon
Yuen.[note: xxxiii] These emails purported to provide details of payments to
be made by AK Co. Of the five emails, three contained items describing
payments for the Property.[note: xxxiv] Presumably (the defendant did not make
it clear), the defendant was relying on the emails to support her allegation
that the Statements were prepared by Soh Mei.

45 The plaintiff objected to the authenticity of these emails. Soh Mei did not
deny providing information on the amounts to be paid for products sourced for
AK Co, but said under cross-examination that the emails she had sent to Koon
Yuen did not concern the Property.[note: xxxv]

46 Each of the emails showed that it was sent to an email address that,
according to the defendant, was used by Koon Yuen. However, what was strange
was that four of the emails[note: xxxvi] (including the three emails
containing items relating to the Property) were then forwarded to that same
email address allegedly used by Koon Yuen. The defendant did not produce these
emails in the form that they were received, _ie_ , before they were forwarded.
The defendant admitted during cross-examination that she was aware that once
forwarded, the contents of the original email could be edited.[note: xxxvii]
There was no evidence that the defendant had edited the emails. However, as
Koon Yuen was not called as a witness, there was no explanation as to why the
emails had to be forwarded to the same email address as in the original email.
Without Koon Yuen’s evidence, I did not consider it safe to rely on these
emails. In addition, there was no evidence that those emails were received by
Koon Yuen from Soh Mei. Evidence from the defendant as to what Koon Yuen told
her about the emails was hearsay evidence and therefore not admissible as to
the truth of its contents.

47 For the above reasons, I concluded that the defendant had not proven that
the Statements were prepared by Soh Mei.

48 I should add that during her oral testimony, the defendant had changed her
evidence and said that the Statements were prepared by Koon Yuen but based on
information provided by Soh Mei.[note: xxxviii] However, in her closing
submissions, the defendant went back to her original case that the Statements
were prepared by Soh Mei. In any event, I did not think it made any difference
whether the defendant’s case was that the Statements were prepared by Soh Mei
or that they were prepared by Koon Yuen based on information provided by Soh
Mei. First, the inference could still be drawn that part of the monies
remitted by AK Co were used to make payments for the Property, if the
defendant could prove either case and that the remittances were made based on
the Statements. Second, since Koon Yuen was not called as a witness, there was
also no evidence to prove that Koon Yuen prepared the Statements based on
information provided by Soh Mei. The defendant’s evidence in this regard was
hearsay evidence. In my view, the only consequence of the defendant changing
her evidence was to question her overall credibility as a witness.

Whether the remittances from AK Co to the Singapore businesses were based on
the Statements

49 The defendant’s case was that she remitted the relevant amounts to the
Singapore businesses based on the amounts reflected in the Statements.[note:
xxxix] She tried to prove this by linking each Statement to one or more
remittance records. The only links were (a) that the remittances were either
made in the same month as that of the Statement, or soon after, and (b) that
the total amount to be paid (or in some cases, paid) under each Statement
corresponded to the total amount remitted. However, as explained below, the
link in (b) was not always clear and without this link being established, it
could not be said that the remittances by AK Co were made based on the amounts
shown in the Statements.

50 First, the remittance records were incomplete. In some cases, the
remittance records allegedly linked to each Statement were not produced in
evidence.[note: xl] In other cases, only some of the remittance records linked
to each Statement were produced in evidence.[note: xli]

51 Second, in some instances, the remittance record linked to a Statement
appeared to have no relevance to the Statement at all. For example, the
Statement for May 2006 showed that the total amount payable was S$99,522.64,
and that a total amount of S$60,597.43 was paid from funds carried forward
from April 2006.[note: xlii] A remittance record for a remittance of US$51,283
to Chiho in July 2006 was linked to that Statement but its relevance remained
a mystery.[note: xliii] There were other similar examples.[note: xliv]

52 Third, the total amount stated on each Statement did not always correspond
to the total amount of the remittances linked to the Statement. In some of
these cases, there were typewritten and/or handwritten notes and computations
on the Statements. How these notes and computations provided the necessary
link (if at all) between the Statements and remittance records was not always
apparent.[note: xlv] The evidence also did not show whether these notes and
computations were done at the time the remittances were made or later. If
later, the question arose as to whether the remittances were made based on the
Statements. The defendant said that these computations and figures were done
by Koon Yuen but he was not in court to provide any explanations.

53 Fourth, in some cases, the amount remitted exceeded the total amount on the
Statement.[note: xlvi] This was odd as the defendant’s case was that she would
transfer the relevant amounts to the Singapore businesses based on the amounts
reflected in the Statements.[note: xlvii] Based on the defendant’s case, there
was no reason why the amount remitted should exceed the amount stated on the
Statement.

54 Fifth, Statements did not show when they were prepared. Without knowing
when the Statements were prepared, one could not match the amounts on the
Statements with the amounts remitted, especially where several remittances
were made with respect to a particular Statement.[note: xlviii]

55 Sixth, the Statements did not show any contract numbers. This meant that
one could not tell whether the items listed in a Statement did in fact relate
to contracts specified in the remittance records linked to the Statement.

56 The defendant could not provide any explanation. Her frequent response when
cross-examined on the Statements and remittances was that she did not
remember. The defendant said that the Koon Yuen handled the Statements. As
seen earlier at [52], the notes and computations on the Statements were
allegedly made by Koon Yuen. Clearly, explanations were needed from Koon Yuen.
In my view, the evidence as it stood before me was unreliable.

57 I concluded that the defendant had not proven that the remittances by AK Co
to the Singapore businesses were made on the basis of the Statements.

No inference that remittances by AK Co were used to make payments for the
Property

58 The defendant failed to prove that the Statements were prepared by Soh Mei
and that the remittances by AK Co were made based on the Statements. In the
circumstances, no inference could be drawn that part of the monies remitted by
AK Co were in fact used to make payments for the Property. There was no nexus
between the remittances by AK Co and the payments for the Property.

59 It should be noted that the absence of a nexus between the remittances and
the payments for the Property was the reason for rejecting the defendant’s
claim that she had paid the mortgage payments. It was not a reason for
rejecting the defendant’s claim as regards the first payment of S$6,300, and
it was only one of the reasons for rejecting the defendant’s claims as regards
the second and third payments of S$32,750 and S$212,950 respectively.

Whether there was any common intention that the defendant was to hold the
entire beneficial interest in the Property

60 In her AEIC, the defendant made a bare assertion that the plaintiff knew
and understood that she would have no share in the property.[note: xlix]
During cross-examination, the defendant explained that this statement was
based on what Koon Yuen had told her[note: l] and that the agreement that the
property would belong to the defendant alone was made between Koon Yuen and
the plaintiff.[note: li] This evidence was clearly hearsay and therefore
inadmissible as to the truth of its contents. In any event, this did not
amount to evidence of any common intention as between the plaintiff and the
_defendant_. The defendant adduced no other evidence to support her assertion
that the common intention was that she would hold the entire beneficial
interest in the Property.

61 On the contrary, the April 2003 Letters (see [6(c)] above) and the May 2014
Document (see [11] above) showed that there could not have been any such
common intention.

62 It will be recalled that in the April 2003 Letters, the plaintiff and the
defendant confirmed their respective agreements to allow Koon Yuen to use
their names in “[his] purchase” of the Property. The Letters also confirmed
that Koon Yuen would be fully responsible for the purchase.[note: lii] This
was clearly inconsistent with the existence of the common intention which the
defendant claimed existed. Under cross-examination, the defendant confirmed
that she understood the contents of her April 2003 Letter at the time that she
signed it. She then tried to explain away her April 2003 Letter by claiming
that she signed the letter because Koon Yuen told her that the bank required
it for the purpose of granting the housing loan for the Property.[note: liii]
She also claimed that Koon Yuen told her that as she was not a Singaporean,
she had to sign the letter so that “the bank will trust that the loan can be
paid”.[note: liv]

63 The defendant’s explanations were clearly illogical. How such a letter
could possibly be thought to be necessary for a housing loan was beyond
comprehension. During cross-examination, the defendant was asked whether she
thought that a document stating that she was not the owner of the Property
would cause the bank to give her a loan. To this, the defendant replied that
the bank had already approved the loan. However, this answer contradicted her
explanation that her April 2003 Letter was necessary for the bank to grant the
loan. The defendant subsequently changed her answer and said that she signed
the letter before the loan was approved.[note: lv] It seemed to me that the
defendant changed her answer because she realised that her previous answer
contradicted her explanation for the letter.

64 In any event, the defendant’s April 2003 Letter was in fact signed _after_
OCBC had offered the plaintiff and defendant the housing loan.[note: lvi]
Therefore, not only was the defendant’s explanation illogical, it was also not
supported on the facts. There was no question that the defendant knew on 17
April 2003 that OCBC had already made its offer because the plaintiff and
defendant accepted and signed OCBC’s letter of offer on that same day in the
presence of the same Attache at the Singapore Consulate in Vietnam (see [6(b)
above]).[note: lvii] In my view, the objective evidence showed that the
defendant’s explanation for her April 2003 Letter was a concoction.

65 As for the May 2014 Document, that document stated that the defendant had
bought the Property together with her husband. In that document, she also
agreed with her husband that the net proceeds from the sale of the property
will be divided equally between the two of them. This document too was
inconsistent with any common intention that the defendant would hold the
entire beneficial interest in the Property. Under cross-examination, the
defendant first claimed not to have understood the document and dismissed it
as being “not important”.[note: lviii] However, after further questioning, she
finally admitted that she had understood the document when she signed it
because Koon Yuen had explained it to her.[note: lix] The defendant claimed
that Koon Yuen asked her to sign the document to appease the plaintiff as the
plaintiff was worried that Koon Yuen would be left with nothing. I was not
persuaded by the defendant’s explanation. Koon Yuen already had the April 2003
Letters which effectively confirmed that the defendant had no interest in the
Property. He did not need the May 2014 Document in order to “appease” the
plaintiff.

66 I concluded that there was insufficient evidence to prove a common
intention (whether expressed or inferred) between the plaintiff and the
defendant that the defendant would hold the entire beneficial interest in the
Property.

Payment by the defendant in July 2013

67 The defendant pleaded in her defence that she paid the plaintiff
S$56,634.18 in July 2013 pursuant to the plaintiff’s request.[note: lx] This
amount was said to include a sum of S$35,000 as a “refund” to the plaintiff
for the amount of S$39,050 (_ie_ S$6,300 plus S$32,750) paid by the plaintiff
towards the purchase price of the Property (see [20] and [24] above).

68 However, as has been seen in her AEIC, the defendant told a different story
about the source of funds for the payments of S$6,300 and S$32,750. When
cross-examined on this, the defendant’s only explanation was that she could
not remember and that there had been a mix-up. There was also no explanation
why the amount of the refund was S$35,000 when the amount paid by the
plaintiff was S$39,050. I did not find the defendant’s explanation at all
persuasive.

69 The payment of S$56,634.18 was also made by way of a remittance by AK Co to
one of the Singapore businesses. There was no evidence that provided the nexus
between this remittance and the alleged “refund” to the plaintiff.

70 In my view, the defendant had not proven that S$35,000 was paid to the
plaintiff as a “refund” of part of the payments made by the plaintiff for the
Property.

Failure to call Koon Yuen as a witness

71 The defendant submitted that the plaintiff should have called Koon Yuen as
a witness and that an adverse inference should be drawn against her for
failing to do so. In my view, this submission was plainly unmeritorious. The
burden was on the defendant to prove her allegations and, as has been seen,
Koon Yuen was a material witness for her case.

Conclusion

72 The plaintiff’s evidence was not satisfactory; she admitted that herself.
However, neither was the defendant’s. The defendant’s evidence was riddled
with questions that only Koon Yuen could answer but the defendant did not call
him as a witness. Without Koon Yuen’s evidence, material parts of the
defendant’s evidence was hearsay evidence.

73 I agreed with the plaintiff that there was insufficient evidence of (a) the
parties’ respective financial contributions to the purchase price of the
Property, and (b) any expressed or inferred common intention that the
defendant held the entire beneficial interest in the property.

74 In the circumstances, I was driven to the inescapable conclusion that the
parties held the beneficial interest in the property in the same proportions
as their legal interests. I therefore ordered that $477,933.92 be paid from
the Net Proceeds to the plaintiff and dismissed the defendant’s counterclaim.
I awarded costs to the plaintiff for both the claim and counterclaim fixed at
S$90,000 excluding reasonable disbursements.

* * *

[note: ]Defendant’s AEIC, p 39.

[note: i]AB119-139.

[note: ii]Defendant’s AEIC, p 43.

[note: iii]AB123.

[note: iv]AB22 and AB24.

[note: v]AB12.

[note: vi]AB29.

[note: vii]Defendant’s AEIC, pp 81-83

[note: viii]Defendant’s AEIC, pp 28-29.

[note: ix]Defendant’s AEIC, pp 32-33

[note: x]Defendant’s AEIC, pp 34-35.

[note: xi]Defendant’s AEIC, pp 30-31

[note: xii]AB77-80.

[note: xiii]AB 349.

[note: xiv]Defendant’s Closing Submissions, paras 177, 179.

[note: xv]AB12.

[note: xvi]Defendant’s AEIC, para 26.

[note: xvii]Transcript of evidence, 29 April 15, pp 70-71.

[note: xviii]Transcript of evidence, 29 April 15, p 71 lines 7-12.

[note: xix]AB29.

[note: xx]Defendant’s AEIC, para 27 and exh CHL-9.

[note: xxi]Defendant’s AEIC, para 27.

[note: xxii]Defendant’s AEIC, pp 61-62.

[note: xxiii]Defendant’s AEIC, pp 63-64.

[note: xxiv]Defendant’s AEIC, paras 28-29 and AB 27-28.

[note: xxv]AB 23 and 25.

[note: xxvi]Defendant’s AEIC, paras 28-29, pp 67-79.

[note: xxvii]Defendant’s AEIC, para 28.

[note: xxviii]Transcript of evidence, 29 April 2015, p 80 lines 4-10.

[note: xxix]See Defendant’s AEIC, p 63 for conversion rate.

[note: xxx]Transcript of evidence, 29 April 2015, pp 87-89.

[note: xxxi]Defendant’s AEIC, paras 31-38.

[note: xxxii]Defendant’s AEIC, paras 27-28; Transcript of evidence, 29 April
2015, p 55-56.

[note: xxxiii]DB46, DB58, DB62, DB92/DB95 and DB124. DB92 and DB95 are the
same email except that DB95 has some additional handwritten notes.

[note: xxxiv]DB46, DB58, DB62.

[note: xxxv]Transcript of evidence, 28 April 2015, p 66 line 28.

[note: xxxvi]DB46, DB58, DB62, DB92/DB95.

[note: xxxvii]Transcript of evidence, 29 April 2015, p 61 lines 1-8.

[note: xxxviii]Transcript of evidence, 18 June 2015, p18 line 31 to p 19 line
16.

[note: xxxix]Defendant’s AEIC, para 33.

[note: xl]See, _eg_ , DB 61, DB78, DB141, DB233, DB261.

[note: xli]See, _eg_ , DB65-66, DB107-109, DB110-111, DB118-120, DB137-138,
DB194-195, DB223-225, DB226-228.

[note: xlii]DB94.

[note: xliii]DB96.

[note: xliv]See, _eg_ , DB69-70, DB94-96, DB121-122, DB145-146, DB147-148,
DB152-153, DB166-167, DB187-188, DB244-245.

[note: xlv]See, _eg_ , DB79, DB92, DB117, DB166, DB242, DB247, DB249, DB262,

[note: xlvi]See, _eg_ , DB99-100, DB158-159, DB194-195.

[note: xlvii]Defendant’s AEIC, para 33.

[note: xlviii]See, _eg_ , DB18-20, DB21-28, DB54-57, DB107-109, DB118-120.

[note: xlix]Defendant’s AEIC, para 18.

[note: l]Transcript of evidence, 29 April 2015, p 64.

[note: li]Transcript of evidence, 29 April 2015, p 66.

[note: lii]AB22 and AB24.

[note: liii]Defendant’s AEIC, para 23; Transcript of evidence, 18 June 2015, p
4 lines 26-29.

[note: liv]Transcript of evidence, 18 June 2015, p 5 lines19-22.

[note: lv]Transcript of evidence, 18 June 2015, p 5 lines 1-10.

[note: lvi]AB17-21.

[note: lvii]AB123.

[note: lviii]Transcript of evidence, 18 June 2015, p 9 lines 2-12.

[note: lix]Transcript of evidence, 18 June 2015, pp 10-11.

[note: lx]Defence, para 5(11).

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 10 Dec 2015 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

