Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP and others _v_ Celestial Nutrifoods Ltd (in
compulsory liquidation)  
[2015] SGCA 20

Case Number| :| Civil Appeal No 132 of 2014  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 08 April 2015  
Tribunal/Court| :| Court of Appeal  
Coram| :|  Sundaresh Menon CJ; Chao Hick Tin JA; Chan Sek Keong SJ  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Alvin Yeo, SC, Lin Wei Qi Wendy, Goh Wei Wei, Chong Wan
Yee Monica and Jenny Tsin (WongPartnership LLP) for the appellants; Blossom
Hing, Ang Yao Long Ronnie and Alphis Tay (Drew & Napier LLC) for the
respondent.  
Parties| :|  PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP — Tan Boon Chok — Tham Tuck Seng —
Celestial Nutrifoods Ltd  
  
8 April 2015|  
---|---  
  
Chao Hick Tin JA (delivering the grounds of decision of the court):

Introduction

1 A liquidator of a company is duty-bound to determine the events that led to
the company’s demise, and has to take steps to maximise returns to the
company’s creditors. But he is often at a disadvantage in discharging these
duties because he usually has no prior knowledge of the company’s affairs and
often has to contend with incomplete and unsatisfactory records and deal with
uncooperative officers of the company, who may be wrongdoers themselves. Due
to these difficulties and in the interest of expedience, s 285 of the
Companies Act (Cap 50, 2006 Rev Ed) (“CA”) was enacted to provide the
liquidator with a unique procedure that allows him to get information on the
insolvent company’s affairs. Section 285 of the CA (“s 285”) reads:

**Power to summon persons connected with company**

**285**.—(1) The Court may summon before it any officer of the company or
person known or suspected to have in his possession any property of the
company or supposed to be indebted to the company, or any person whom the
Court considers capable of giving information concerning the promotion,
formation, trade dealings, affairs or property of the company.

(2) The Court may examine him on oath concerning the matters mentioned in
subsection (1) either by word of mouth or on written interrogatories and may
cause to be made a record of his answers, and any such record may be used in
evidence in any legal proceedings against him.

(3) The Court may require him to produce any books and papers in his custody
or power relating to the company, but where he claims any lien on books or
papers the production shall be without prejudice to that lien, and the Court
shall have jurisdiction to determine all questions relating to that lien.

(4) An examination under this section or section 286 may, if the Court so
directs and subject to the Rules, be held before any District Judge named for
the purpose by the Court, and the powers of the Court under this section and
section 286 may be exercised by that Judge.

(5) If any person so summoned, after being tendered a reasonable sum for his
expenses, refuses to come before the Court at the time appointed, not having a
lawful excuse, made known to the Court at the time of its sitting and allowed
by it, the Court may cause him to be apprehended and brought before the Court
for examination.

2 The Appellants are PricewaterhouseCoopers (“PwC”) and two of its audit
partners, Mr Tan Boon Chiok and Mr Tham Tuck Seng. They were the auditors of
Celestial Nutrifoods Limited (“Celestial”) for the financial years (“FYs”)
2004 to 2009. Celestial is now in compulsory liquidation. The Respondent is
Celestial’s liquidator, Mr Yit Chee Wah. On 10 May 2013, the Respondent
brought an application in the High Court under s 285 to compel the Appellants
to disclose documents in their custody, power or control relating to
Celestial’s trade dealings, affairs and property (including those given to the
Appellants by Celestial’s subsidiaries in the British Virgin Islands (“BVI”)
and the People’s Republic of China (“PRC”)). The Respondent said that he
needed the documents for a proper analysis of Celestial’s consolidated
financial statements and year-end balances. These documents would enable him
to reconstruct the financial records of Celestial and investigate various
suspicious transactions which he had uncovered. On 6 August 2014, the High
Court granted the Respondent’s application (see _BNY Corporate Trustee
Services Ltd v Celestial Nutrifoods Ltd_ [2014] 4 SLR 331 (“the Judgment”)).
Dissatisfied, the Appellants appealed. We heard and dismissed the appeal on 27
January 2015. We now give our reasons.

Background facts

3 Celestial was a company listed on the Singapore Exchange. It was
incorporated in Bermuda in 2003 and wholly owns three subsidiaries (Max Dragon
Investments Ltd, Clear Faith Holdings Ltd, and Giant Fortune Group Ltd) that
were all incorporated in the BVI (“the BVI subsidiaries”). Each of the BVI
subsidiaries is the investment holding company for each of the three
subsidiaries incorporated in the PRC, namely, Daqing Celestial Sun Moon Star
Protein Co Ltd, Daqing Sun Moon Star Co Ltd and Daqing Weitian Energy Co Ltd
(“the PRC subsidiaries”). The operations of the group (comprising Celestial
and the BVI and PRC subsidiaries) are conducted by the PRC subsidiaries. Thus
the PRC subsidiaries owned the physical and financial assets of the group. The
group’s main business activity was producing soybean protein-based foods under
the “Sun Moon Star” brand. We illustrate the relationship between Celestial,
the BVI subsidiaries and the PRC subsidiaries with the following diagram:

![](data:image/png;base64,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)

4 On 12 June 2006, Celestial raised $235m from investors by issuing Zero
Coupon Convertible Bonds (“the Bonds”). The bondholders were all granted put
options which allowed them to compel Celestial to redeem all or some of the
Bonds at 116.5% of their face value.

5 On 23 May 2009, a majority of the bondholders exercised their put options
and Celestial was required to redeem the Bonds on 12 June 2009. But Celestial
failed to do so by the due date.

6 On 23 November 2010, BNY Corporate Trustee Services Ltd (“BNY”), the trustee
of the Bonds, issued a statutory demand against Celestial for the amount due
under the Bonds. When this was not satisfied, BNY commenced winding up
proceedings, _via_ Company Winding-Up No 195 of 2010, against Celestial.

7 On 24 December 2010, the Respondent was nominated by the creditors as
Celestial’s provisional liquidator. On 2 December 2011, the High Court granted
a winding up order against Celestial and appointed the Respondent the
liquidator.

8 After taking control of Celestial, the Respondent discovered that the
group’s operating companies, management and directors were all based in the
PRC. Despite his efforts, he was unable to obtain any meaningful assistance
from them with regard to the affairs of Celestial and of its subsidiaries.

9 Based on the information and documents he could obtain, the Respondent
identified seven suspicious and/or irregular and/or undisclosed transactions
undertaken by Celestial and the group which warrant further investigation.
They were:

(a) Surreptitious disposal of substantially all of Celestial’s assets on or
around 4 December 2010 by way of an auction of the shares of the PRC
subsidiaries which had been pledged to the China Construction Bank (“CCB”) as
security for certain loans apparently extended by CCB to the BVI subsidiaries.
As a result, Celestial’s shareholders and creditors were left holding shares
or bonds in a worthless company;

(b) Cash payments totalling some $16.8m to Power Charm Group Ltd (“Power
Charm”), a BVI company, made in December 2009, June 2010 and September 2010.
Power Charm later became inactive on 1 December 2010 and was eventually struck
off the BVI register of companies on 2 May 2011;

(c) Payment of some RMB 70m in or around December 2009 to purchase technical
know-how in respect of a bio-diesel plant;

(d) The sale of returned goods. The value of goods sold but later returned
amounted to RMB 254m in 2009 and RMB 437.1m in 2010. However, some of them
were re-sold for only RMB 14.8m. This wiped out at least 50% of the revenue
generated in one quarter in 2009 and more than 100% of the revenue generated
in another quarter in 2010;

(e) Cash payments of some RMB 529m without written documentation in relation
to the construction of a “Soybean Hi-Tech Industrial Zone” in Daqing, PRC;

(f) An undisclosed lease of a land to construct a hotel known as Daqing
Manhatwen Hotel; and

(g) Suspicious transactions described in two anonymous letters.

10 As Celestial did not have the funds to enable the Respondent to investigate
the suspicious transactions and/or to commence legal proceedings against other
parties to recover money and assets that were allegedly paid out wrongfully,
the Respondent entered into a Funding Agreement with several creditors in
2012. These creditors were collectively referred to as the Blackrock
creditors, as they are members of a group identified as the Blackrock Group.
The Blackrock creditors held the majority of the Bonds. The Funding Agreement
provided that the Blackrock creditors were to provide the Respondent
with:[note: 1]

(a) US$507,122 as part payment towards his outstanding fees and costs (cl
3.1(a));

(b) US$230,000 for costs incurred in examination and discovery proceedings
commenced by him (cl 3.1(b)); and

(c) US$507,122 as payment for his remaining outstanding fees and costs and
additional funding to commence proceedings in relation to any potential claims
identified by him and which the Blackrock creditors decide to pursue (cl 4.4).

The Funding Agreement was sanctioned by the High Court on 20 June 2012.[note:
2]

11 On 10 May 2013, after the Funding Agreement was sanctioned by the High
Court, the Respondent filed Summons No 2473 of 2013 (“SUM 2473/2013”) pursuant
to s 285. The Respondent wanted the Appellants to disclose documents in their
custody, power or control relating to Celestial’s trade dealings, affairs and
property (including those given to the Appellants by Celestial’s subsidiaries
in the BVI and the PRC), and also for the two audit partners, Mr Tan Boon
Chiok and Mr Tham Tuck Seng, to be orally examined.

12 At the High Court, the Respondent submitted that the application was needed
to enable him to discharge his statutory duty to:

(a) reconcile the accounts of Celestial;

(b) investigate the circumstances that led to Celestial’s eventual collapse,
including the suspicious transactions he had identified; and

(c) consider whether claims should be pursued to recover Celestial’s assets
and/or for breaches of duty by Celestial’s officers.

13 The Respondent averred that the documents and information that he had
already obtained came primarily from these sources:[note: 3]

(a) Celestial’s corporate secretary;

(b) Celestial’s registered agent in Bermuda;

(c) Celestial’s independent directors in Singapore, Mr Lai Seng Kwoon (who is
also Celestial’s audit committee chairman) and Mr Loo Choon Chiaw;

(d) The corporate regulatory authorities in Daqing, PRC;

(e) KPMG Singapore, the independent accountants appointed by Celestial on 25
September 2009 that conducted an independent review of Celestial’s financial
position to facilitate a restructuring of the Bonds; and

(f) PwC, which provided three arch-lever files of documents.

14 The Respondent took issue with the documents provided by PwC. He expected
that there would be more documents as PwC was Celestial’s auditors for several
years (FYs 2004 to 2009). Furthermore, those three files only contained high-
level consolidation schedules, limited company and subsidiary level financial
information, year-end balances and minutes of meetings which the Respondent
had already recovered from other sources.

15 The Respondent said that he needed the disclosure of the following
documents from PwC for a proper analysis of the consolidated financial
statements and year-end balances. Those documents would allow him to
reconstruct the financial records of Celestial and investigate the suspicious
transactions. The documents included:

(a) General ledger and trial balance(s) of each entity in the group;

(b) Bank statements and bank reconciliations that would have been prepared by
each entity in the group;

(c) A register of fixed assets of each entity in the group and evidence of the
ownership of these fixed assets and land use rights;

(d) Copies of loan facilities documents for each loan facility operated by
each entity of the group;

(e) Sales contracts, purchase contracts, supplier contracts, receipts and
payment vouchers;

(f) Detailed creditors and debtors schedules; and

(g) Statutory documents filed by each entity of the group.

The Respondent also sought access to PwC’s working papers.

16 PwC resisted the application. It argued that:

(a) The Respondent was not an objective liquidator. This was because:

(i) the Respondent was represented by the same solicitors who had acted for
BNY in another suit; and

(ii) the Respondent was incentivised under the Funding Agreement to pursue a
claim against PwC.

(b) The Respondent’s true motivation in making this application under s 285
was really to obtain evidence for a negligence suit against PwC.

(c) To comply with the disclosure asked by the Respondent might require it to
do acts that are illegal under PRC law resulting in the Appellants being
exposed to civil and criminal sanctions under PRC law.

(d) In any event, the Respondent’s request was too wide.

17 On 6 August 2014, the High Court Judge (“the Judge”) granted the
Respondent’s application and ordered that the costs of the application be paid
out of the assets of Celestial.

18 Dissatisfied, on 18 August 2014, the Appellants filed a notice of appeal.
Four days earlier, the Appellants also filed Summons No 4035 of 2014 (“SUM
4035/2014”) for leave to appeal. When SUM 4035/2014 was heard by the Judge on
22 September 2014, the Appellants’ counsel took the position that an appeal to
this court lay as of right and that leave was not required. The Judge
therefore did not grant leave to appeal. When the present appeal came before
this court, the Respondent raised a preliminary issue of whether this court
had the jurisdiction to hear the appeal. His point was that leave should have
been obtained and without it no appeal could be filed. In other words, the
Appellants were in error in not pursuing SUM 4035/2014.

19 Before considering this jurisdictional issue, we ought to mention an
interlocutory matter which also came up to the Court of Appeal before the
hearing of the present appeal, _ie_ , the Appellants’ application for a stay
of the Judge’s disclosure order. That application was first heard by the
Judge, and later by another judge who sat as a single-judge of the Court of
Appeal under s 36(1) of the Supreme Court of Judicature Act (Cap 322, 2007 Rev
Ed) (“SCJA”). Both the judges refused the stay application. When the matter
came before a two-judge Court of Appeal, consisting of Sundaresh Menon CJ and
Chao Hick Tin JA, that court eventually granted the stay as it thought that
there was a need to hold the balance between the interests of the parties
(pending the hearing of this appeal) to avoid any prejudice to any of the
parties. As an essential component of the balance, in view of the Respondent’s
contention that he could face time-bar issues in pursuing claims if there was
a delay in the disclosure of the requested documents, counsel for the
Appellants gave the following undertaking on behalf of the Appellants (after
obtaining instructions from clients):

I confirm that if the appeal is dismissed, then in the intervening period
between 6 August 2014 when [the Judge’s] order was made and the date on which
the appeal is so dismissed, time shall not run for that period of time in
respect of any claim that may be brought by the Liquidator against PwC.

Issues before this court

20 There were two main issues arising in this appeal, namely:

(a) First, whether this court had the jurisdiction to hear the appeal (“Issue
1”); and

(b) Second, whether the Judge erred in granting the order under s 285 (“Issue
2”).

Issue 1: Does this court have the jurisdiction to hear the appeal?

Arguments made

21 The Appellants first contended that this court should not hear the
Respondent’s objection on jurisdiction as the Respondent did not apply (when
it could have) to strike out the Notice of Appeal under Order 57 r 16(10) of
the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2014 Rev Ed) (“ROC”), which reads:

**Applications to Court of Appeal (O. 57, r. 16)**

**16**.—…

…

(10) Any application to the Court of Appeal to strike out a notice of appeal
must be made by summons supported by affidavit stating the grounds of the
application.

22 The Appellants also argued that the disclosure order granted under s 285 in
favour of the Respondent was not an interlocutory order in respect of which
leave must be obtained before an appeal to this court could be brought. This
was because the disclosure order was neither “peripheral to the main hearing
determining the outcome” nor filed “between the initiation of the action and
the final determination” (_The “Nasco Gem”_ [2014] 2 SLR 63 at [14(b)]).

23 The Respondent submitted that the disclosure order under s 285 in the
present case was an interlocutory order for which leave ought to have been
sought before the Appellant could lodge an appeal. As leave was not sought,
the appeal could not be brought. In this regard, the Respondent relied on the
previous decision of this court in _Jumabhoy Asad v Aw Cheok Huat Mick and
others_ [2003] 3 SLR(R) 99 (“ _Jumabhoy_ ”) which held that a disclosure order
under s 285 was an interlocutory order for which leave was required before an
appeal could be lodged to this court.

Should this court hear the Respondent’s objection on jurisdiction since he did
not apply to strike out the notice of appeal?

24 On the Appellants’ contention that this court should not hear the
Respondent’s objection on jurisdiction because he did not apply to strike out
the notice of appeal under O 57 r 16(10) of the ROC, we noted that the
Appellants were unable to cite any authority to support that argument. We were
of the judgment that this argument was without merit for two reasons:

(a) First, there is nothing in the SCJA or the ROC which says that this court
cannot hear objections on jurisdiction simply because the respondent has not
applied to strike out a notice of appeal which was not filed in accordance
with the statutory requirement.

(b) Secondly, while the ROC permits a respondent to apply to strike out a
wrongly filed notice of appeal, it would be absurd to contend that a right of
appeal therefore arises in favour of the Appellants just because the
Respondent omits to do so. We could not see how the statutory regime could be
altered merely by an act or omission of the parties. Moreover, the ROC is a
subsidiary legislation which is subordinate to its parent act, the SCJA (_Au
Wai Pang v Attorney-General and another matter_ [2014] 3 SLR 357 at [33]), and
it is the SCJA which prescribes that a dissatisfied party could appeal against
such an interlocutory order only with leave of court.

Jurisdiction to hear the appeal

25 We now deal with the issue of whether this court has the jurisdiction to
hear the appeal. This in turn depends on whether the appeal could properly be
brought. It is a well-established principle that the Court of Appeal, being a
creature of statute, is only seised of the jurisdiction conferred upon it by
the statute which creates it or by such other statute which may confer upon it
additional jurisdiction (_Blenwel Agencies Pte Ltd v Tan Lee King_ [2008] 2
SLR(R) 529 at [23]). Section 34(2)(_d_), read with para (_e_) of the Fifth
Schedule to the SCJA, provides that an appeal to the Court of Appeal in
respect of an interlocutory orders cannot be brought unless leave is first
obtained from a High Court Judge.

26 For ease of reference, we set out hereunder both s 34(2)(_d_) and para
(_e_) of the Fifth Schedule to the SCJA (as of 18 August 2014, when the Notice
of Appeal was filed). Section 34(2)(_d_) of the SCJA reads:

**Matters that are non-appealable or appealable only with leave**

**34.** —…

(2) Except with the leave of a Judge, no appeal shall be brought to the Court
of Appeal in any of the following cases:

…

(_d_) where a Judge makes an order specified in the Fifth Schedule, except in
such circumstances as may be specified in that Schedule;

…

Para (_e_) to the Fifth Schedule goes on to provide:

**FIFTH SCHEDULE**

Sections 34(2)(_d_) and 83

**ORDERS MADE BY JUDGE THAT ARE APPEALABLE ONLY WITH LEAVE**

Except with the leave of a Judge, no appeal shall be brought to the Court of
Appeal in any of the following cases:

…

(_e_) where a Judge makes an order at the hearing of any interlocutory
application other than an application for any of the following matters:

(i) for summary judgment;

(ii) to set aside a default judgment;

(iii) to strike out an action or a matter commenced by a writ of summons or by
any other originating process, a pleading or a part of a pleading;

(iv) to dismiss an action or a matter commenced by a writ of summons or by any
other originating process;

(v) for further and better particulars;

(vi) for leave to amend a pleading;

(vii) for security for costs;

(viii) for discovery or inspection of documents;

(ix) for interrogatories to be varied or withdrawn, or for leave to serve
interrogatories;

(x) for a stay of proceedings.

27 The disclosure order made under s 285 is undoubtedly an interlocutory
order, it being an order made in the course of a winding-up proceeding. In
_Jumabhoy_ , the liquidators obtained an order from S Rajendran J under s 285
to examine an ex-managing director of an insolvent company. The ex-managing
director applied to Tay Yong Kwang JC (as he then was) to discharge the order
made by Rajendran J. The application, which was heard in chambers, was
dismissed by Tay JC. Without writing to ask Tay JC whether he wanted to hear
further arguments, the ex-managing director proceeded to file his notice of
appeal to this court. The liquidators raised a preliminary issue as to whether
this court had the jurisdiction to hear the appeal. This was because, under
the previous s 34(1)(_c_) of the Supreme Court of Judicature Act (Cap 322,
1999 Rev Ed) (“old SCJA”), the judge had to certify that he required no
further argument before an appeal could be lodged against an interlocutory
decision of the High Court made in chambers. Section 34(1)(_c_) of the old
SCJA read:

**Matters that are non-appealable or appealable only with leave**

**34.–**(1) No appeal shall be brought to the Court of Appeal in any of the
following cases:

...

(_c_) subject to any other provision in this section, where a Judge makes an
interlocutory order in chambers unless the Judge has certified, on application
within 7 days after the making of the order by any party for further argument
in court, that he requires no further argument;

…

28 The liquidator there argued that this court had no jurisdiction to hear the
purported appeal as Tay JC’s order was interlocutory in nature and he was not
asked, nor did he certify, that he did not want to hear further arguments. In
essence, the liquidator argued that this court did not have the jurisdiction
to hear the appeal because s 34(1)(_c_) of the old SCJA was not complied with
by the ex-managing director. This court agreed with the contention that an
order made under s 285 is of an interlocutory nature as it does not determine
the substantive rights of the parties; it is of a procedural nature, akin to a
_subpoena_. The court reasoned as follows at [15]:

Obviously, in determining, in accordance with the  _Bozson_ test, whether an
order is interlocutory or final, it is necessary to examine the nature and
effect of the order. [Rajendran J’s order] was made pursuant to an application
by the liquidators in the course of their duties in winding up the company.
The order did not determine the substantive rights of any party. It only
required … the [ex-]managing director of the company, to appear before the
court to be examined as to his knowledge of the affairs of the company and to
[disclose] the relevant documents if they were in his possession. It is an
order to assist the liquidators in discharging their functions of establishing
the true state of affairs of the company. Such an order is clearly of a
procedural nature and is similar in effect to a  _subpoena_ in other civil
proceedings. We are unable to see how it could be said that this order affects
substantive rights.

29 The _Bozson_ test referred to in the passage above was laid down by Lord
Alverstone CJ in the English Court of Appeal in _Bozson v Altrincham Urban
District Council_ [1903] 1 KB 547 at 548 as follows:

Does the judgment or order, as made, finally dispose of the rights of the
parties? If it does, then ... it ought to be treated as a final order; but if
it does not, it is then ... an interlocutory order.

30 The _Bozson_ test has been affirmed in many local cases (_eg_ : _Rank Xerox
(Singapore) Pte Ltd v Ultra Marketing Pte Ltd_ [1991] 2 SLR(R) 912; _Ling Kee
Ling and another v Leow Leng Siong and others_ [1995] 2 SLR(R) 36; _Aberdeen
Asset Management Asia Ltd and another v Fraser & Neave Ltd and others_ [2001]
3 SLR(R) 355; and _Wellmix Organics (International) Pte Ltd v Lau Yu Man_
[2006] 2 SLR(R) 525 (“ _Wellmix Organics_ ”)).

31 Although _Jumabhoy_ was decided before the 2010 amendments to the SCJA, we
do not think that this is a sufficient basis to reject _Jumabhoy’s_
application. That decision is consistent with the post-2010 authorities in how
to determine whether an order is interlocutory in nature. The approach taken
by the post-2010 authorities focuses on (1) whether the substantive rights of
the parties have been determined (_OpenNet Pte Ltd v Info-Communications
Development Authority of Singapore_ [2013] 2 SLR 880 at [21], approved by _The
“Nasco Gem”_ at [14(b)]), or (2) whether the order disposes of everything in
the proceeding (_Wellmix Organics_ at [16] cited in _Dorsey James Michael v
World Sports Group Pte Ltd_ [2013] 3 SLR 354 (“ _Dorsey_ ”) at [63], approved
by _The “Nasco Gem”_ at [13] and [14(b)]). This court in _The “Nasco Gem”_ at
[16] further emphasised that:

… To determine whether an order made at an interlocutory application is final,
the matter must be viewed in the context of the cause in the pending action.
To reiterate, it is the cause of the pending _proceedings_ in which the
application is being brought which is significant, not the specific purpose of
the _application_. [emphasis original]

32 The holding in _Jumabhoy_ continues to apply even after the 2010 amendments
to the SCJA. First, we agree that an order under s 285 does not determine the
substantive rights of the parties as it merely requires a party to disclose
documents or be orally examined. Secondly, an order under s 285 does not
dispose of the entire subject matter in the proceedings. We therefore see no
merit in the Appellants’ argument that an order under s 285 is neither
“peripheral to the main hearing determining the outcome” nor filed “between
the initiation of the action and the final determination”. On the contrary, an
order s 285 is peripheral to the main action determining the outcome; it is
merely an intermediate step in the entire winding-up proceedings.

33 We further wish to emphasise that an order under s 285 is not akin to pre-
action interrogatories for which it was made clear by this court in _Dorsey_
that leave need not be sought. In _Dorsey_ , the appellant appealed against
the order of the High Court Judge giving the respondent leave to serve pre-
action interrogatories on the appellant. Before this court, the respondent
applied to strike out the notice of appeal. The ground relied upon by the
respondent in its striking out application was that the order of the High
Court Judge was not appealable to this court by reason of s 34(1)(_a_) read
with para (_i_) of the Fourth Schedule of SCJA. The said provisions had the
effect of excluding the right to appeal to the Court of Appeal where a High
Court Judge made an order “giving or refusing interrogatories” in a pending
proceeding. However, this court agreed with the concession made by the
respondent that an application for leave to serve pre-action interrogatories
was not an interlocutory application. This was because such an application was
not an application made between the time a party filed a civil case in court
and when the case was finally heard for disposal. Rather, it was pertinent to
note that the application for leave to serve pre-action interrogatories under
O 26A r 1 of the ROC was made by way of originating summons. The sole purpose
of the originating summons was to obtain discovery of information through the
administration of interrogatories on the defendant to the originating summons.
Once the application was determined, the entire subject matter of that
originating summons was spent and there was nothing further for the court to
deal with (at [57], [60] and [64]).

34 On the face of it, an application under s 285 may seem akin to an
application for leave to serve pre-action interrogatories. After all,
documents and information given under s 285, just like information given in
pre-action interrogatories, may reveal potential causes of action against
errant parties. But there are significant differences. First, pre-action
interrogatories are taken to seek relevant information for the _specific_
purpose of commencing an action (GP Selvam, _Singapore Civil Procedure_ vol 1
(Sweet & Maxwell, 2015) at para 26A/0/2). But s 285 serves a wider purpose in
enabling liquidators to get documents and/or information for the purpose of
determining the reasons for the company’s demise. It applies irrespective of
whether the liquidator is seeking information for the specific purpose of
commencing an action (_Re Lion City Holdings Pte Ltd_ [2003] 3 SLR(R) 493 (“
_Re Lion City Holdings_ ”) at [20]). Second, an application made under s 285,
unlike that of an application under originating summons for leave to
administer pre-action interrogatories, is made in the wider context of ongoing
winding-up proceedings.

35 We therefore hold that the present appeal filed by the Appellants is not
properly brought as leave was not first obtained. They were mistaken to have
abandoned SUM 4035/2014, which was a leave application. Our decision on Issue
1 is sufficient to dispose of the matter. Nonetheless, as full arguments were
advanced before us, we will deal with Issue 2 and take this opportunity to
reiterate the principles that govern the exercise of the court’s power to
grant orders under s 285 and the procedure that should be adopted in relation
thereto. Thus far, there has been no pronouncement by this court on s 285
although there have been four reported High Court cases on it (_Chi Man Kwong
Peter and another v Lee Kum Seng Ronald_ [1983–1984] SLR(R) 700; _Official
Receiver of Hong Kong v Kao Wei Tseng and others_ [1990] 1 SLR(R) 315; _Re
Lion City Holdings;_ and _Liquidator of W &P Piling Pte Ltd v Chew Yin What
and others_ [2004] 3 SLR(R) 164 (“ _W &P Piling_”)).

Issue 2: Whether the Judge had erred in the present case in granting the order
under s 285

Arguments raised on appeal

Appellants’ submissions

36 The Appellants submit that the Judge erred in ordering the disclosure of
documents for a variety of reasons, namely:

(a) First, the court’s powers under s 285 should be limited in light of the
availability of pre-action discovery and interrogatories (referred to
collectively as “pre-action procedures”) in Singapore.

(b) Secondly, the Respondent is not an objective liquidator as (1) he is
incentivised under the Funding Agreement to pursue a claim against PwC; and
(2) he is focusing on claims which can be made to maximise recovery for
Celestial’s creditors, in particular, the Blackrock creditors.

(c) Thirdly, the Respondent did not give “full and frank disclosure of the
documents which he already received or gathered since his appointment as
provisional liquidator”[note: 4].

(d) Fourthly, the disclosure order is oppressive for reasons that will be
elaborated on later.

Respondent’s submission

37 The Respondent submits that this court should be slow in disturbing the
Judge’s exercise of discretion under s 285, in the absence of a clear error of
law or principle on the part of the Judge.

The law

38 Section 285 is not peculiar to Singapore. It has its roots in the s 117 of
the Bankrupt Law Consolidation Act 1849 (12 & 13 Vict c 106) (UK), a statute
of Victorian vintage which provided a _sui generis_ process whereby a bankrupt
could be examined by the court:

touching all matters relating to his trade, dealings or estate, or which may
tend to disclose any secret grant, conveyance or concealment of his lands,
tenements, goods, money or debts …

39 That provision was later adopted in s 115 of the Companies Act 1862 (c 89)
(UK), conferring on liquidators the extraordinary right to apply to court _ex
parte_ for leave to query persons on oath. However the old cases on this area
of the law decided during the Victorian era should be viewed with
circumspection because they were decided at a time when there was a high
premium on privacy competing with an indeterminate threshold for disclosure
(_W &P Piling_ at [24]). The judicial disdain then for this provision is
neatly encapsulated by Chitty J’s description of it as a “Star Chamber” clause
in _In re Greys Brewery Company_ (1884) 25 Ch D 400 at 408, in reference to a
hated court used in the Elizabethan and Stuart times where prisoners were
forced, sometimes by torture, to answer self-incriminating questions (Andrew R
Keay, _McPherson’s Law on Company Liquidation_ (Sweet & Maxwell, 3rd Ed, 2013)
at para 15-039). Times and attitudes have changed, and there is today a much
stronger emphasis on corporate governance (_W &P Pilin_g at [24]). The power
under s 285, if wielded judiciously, could promote corporate governance.

40 Provisions similar to s 285 may also be found in other jurisdictions, such
as in England (currently it is s 236 of the Insolvency Act 1986 (c 45) (UK)
(“the UK Insolvency Act”)), Australia (s 597 of the Corporations Act 1989 (No
109 of 1989) (Cth)) and Hong Kong (s 221 of the Companies (Winding Up and
Miscellaneous Provisions) Ordinance (Cap 32) (HK)). Caution should be
exercised in relying on foreign cases as public interest considerations may
not always be congruent and the relevant legislation, particularly those in
England and Australia, have been radically overhauled. But so long as that
caveat is borne in mind, foreign cases are still relevant to us (_W &P Piling_
at [23]–[24]).

41 Section 285 is couched in very generous terms and should not be interpreted
in a restrictive manner (_W &P Piling_ at [27]). The order under s 285 is not
limited to eliciting such information as would reconstitute knowledge which
the company once had or had been entitled in law to possess. It can be used to
assist the liquidator in gathering information that would aid him in
discharging his duties.

42 There are two conflicting approaches on the scope of the English-equivalent
of s 285. The constricted view is that its purpose is restrained by reference
to what is needed for reconstituting the knowledge of the company (see, _eg_ ,
_In Re Rolls Razor (No 2)_ [1970] Ch 576 at 591–592, and _Cloverbay Ltd (Joint
Administrators) v Bank of Credit and Commerce International SA_ [1991] Ch 90
(“ _Re Cloverbay (No 2)_ ”)). This has the effect of confining its use to
gathering information that the company once had or had been entitled in law to
possess. The expansive view is that the power may be invoked to assist in the
accumulation of facts, information and knowledge that would enable or
facilitate a liquidator to better discharge his statutory function (_Re Gold
Co_ (1879) 12 Ch D 77). This includes information that the company may not
have been apprised of prior to the onset of insolvency. In assessing the
merits of the two conflicting approaches, the House of Lords in _British &
Commonwealth Holdings Plc (Joint Administrators) v Spicer and Oppenheim_
[1993] AC 426 (“ _British & Commonwealth Holdings_”) came down in favour of
the expansive view. We agree with the observations of V K Rajah JC (as he then
was) in _W &P Piling_ that the expansive view should be the law in Singapore
(at [29]).

43 A two-stage test should be used in deciding whether to make an order under
s 285:

(a) First, as a threshold, the liquidator has to show that there is some
reasonable basis for his belief that the person can assist him in obtaining
relevant information and/or documents, and that they are reasonably (and not
absolutely) required. The inclusion of the words ‘suspected’ and ‘capable of
giving information’ in s 285 is pertinent for it signifies that the hurdle to
be crossed by the liquidator is not high (_W &P Piling_ at [21]). In
determining whether this threshold is met, there is a general predisposition
in favour of the liquidator’s views. This is because he, being an officer of
the court, is presumed to be neutral, independent and acting in the best
interest of the company. However, deference to the liquidator’s views should
not be equated with unquestioning acceptance of his opinion as the court must
still police his conduct to ensure that he does not go overboard (_W &P
Piling_ at [29(a)]). This formulation is slightly different from the usual
statements in English cases that ‘great weight’ ought to be given to an
office-holder, who will have detailed knowledge of the problems which exist in
relation to the affairs of the company and the information required (see _eg_
: _Re Norton Warburg Holdings Ltd_ (1983) 1 BCC 98907 at 98913; _Re Cloverbay
(No 2)_ at 107). The court will not generally require the liquidator to
specify the information/documents which are required to be produced with great
precision, because the liquidator is ordinarily a stranger to the company and
to do so will reduce the utility of the statutory provision (Sir Gavin
Lightman & Gabriel Moss, _The Law of Administrators and Receivers of
Companies_ (Sweet & Maxwell, 5th Ed, 2011) at para 8-031).

(b) Secondly, once the first stage is satisfied, the courts will have to
decide if the order under s 285 should be granted. At this stage, there is a
need to balance conflicting interests. On the one hand, the liquidator is
usually a stranger to the affairs of the company, and he may be unable to
obtain information which he needs from persons connected with the company such
as officers and directors of the company. Persons involved with the company,
even where they are totally innocent, may have motives for concealing what
they have done. It is also to be expected that those who have breached their
duties or engaged in serious wrongdoing would put up a determined and
sophisticated resistance to any inquiry into their conduct. A liquidator thus
requires a strong and cost-effective mechanism to enable him to discharge his
functions, including determining the cause of the company’s insolvency, and
whether to commence legal proceedings against the wrongdoers. Society has an
interest in maintaining public confidence in the integrity and effectiveness
of the legal mechanisms by which corporate behaviour is regulated (Report of
the Review Committee on Insolvency Law and Practice (Cmnd 8558, 1982) at para
1732). Insolvency is undoubtedly a critically important event giving cause to
investigate possible corporate wrongdoings. The power conferred under s 285
enables investigations to be carried out, and where necessary, for action to
be taken. On the other hand, in view of the inquisitorial power conferred by
the provision, the court should be careful not to make an order that is wholly
unreasonable, unnecessary or oppressive to the person(s) concerned (_W &P
Piling_ at [3]; _In Re North Australian Territory Company_ (1890) 45 Ch D 87
at 93 _; In Re Castle New Homes Ltd_ [1979] 1 WLR 1075 at 1089-G).

44 The following propositions are relevant to the balancing exercise in the
second stage:

(a) No distinction should be made in the exercise of the power against
officers of the company and third parties. It is obvious that officers of the
company, such as directors, are duty-bound to cooperate with liquidators, but
the absence of a fiduciary or contractual relationship with the company in the
case of third parties should not fetter the exercise of that power _vis-à-vis_
those third parties so long as the third party is able to provide relevant
information and/or documents. The lack of a direct relationship between the
company and the respondent is nonetheless a pertinent factor that would be
considered in evaluating whether the application should be granted (_W &P
Piling_ at [29(c)]).

(b) While the risk of a respondent being exposed to liability is a matter
which is relevant to determining whether there would be oppression, it is
merely a factor, and does not present a bar against the making of an order
(_Re Chesterfield United Inc; Akers v Deutsche Bank AG_ [2013] 1 BCLC 709 (“
_Re Chesterfield_ ”)). This is because the purpose of the power under s 285 is
to enable the liquidator to obtain not only general information about the
company’s affairs but also to discover facts and documents relating to
specific claims against specific persons. He is entitled to do so with as
little expense as possible and with as much ease as possible. Nevertheless,
the closer a proposed respondent is to being a defined target, the more
oppressive an order for examination is likely to be (_Re Bank of Credit and
Commerce International SA (No 12)_ [1997] 1 BCLC 526 (“ _Re BCCI (No 12)_ ”)
at 539).

(c) Although the provision does not differentiate between the production of
documents and the oral examination of witnesses, an order for oral examination
is much more likely to be oppressive than an order for the production of
documents. An order for the production of documents involves only advancing
the time of discovery if an action ensues; the liquidator is getting no more
than any other litigant would get, save that he is getting it earlier. But
oral examination provides the opportunity for pre-trial depositions which the
liquidator would never otherwise be entitled to: the person examined has to
answer on oath and his answers can both provide evidence in support of a
subsequent claim brought by the liquidator and also form the basis of later
cross-examination. There is therefore a greater risk of oppression when
examination of witnesses is ordered (_Re Cloverbay (No 2)_ at 103).

(d) The risk of exposure to a claim for serious wrongdoing/fraud carries with
it an element of oppression. It is oppressive to require someone suspected of
serious wrongdoing/fraud to prove the case against himself on oath before
proceedings are brought. But it is not a conclusive factor as there is a
public interest in the investigation of fraud (_Shierson and another v Rastogi
and others_ [2003] 1 WLR 586; _Daltel Europe Ltd (in liquidation) v Makki (No
1)_ [2005] 1 BCLC 594; and _Woon’s Corporation Law_ (Walter Woon and See Mun
Yee gen ed) (Lexis Nexis, 2005) at para 2952).

(e) Attempts to gain undue advantages in the litigation process will also be
closely scrutinised to prevent abuse (see, _eg_ : _Re PFTZM Ltd (in
liquidation)_ [1995] BCC 280; _Re Atlantic Computers plc_ [1998] BCC 200; _Re
Sasea Finance Ltd_ [1998] 1 BCLC 559 (“ _Re Sasea Finance_ ”)). For example,
in _Re Sasea Finance_ , Sir Richard Scott VC refused the application under the
English equivalent of s 285 as the liquidators already had information as to
what happened within the company, and was merely seeking to use the provision
to extract “damaging admissions or unconvincing justifications” for use in a
prospective negligence suit against the auditors (at 572).

(f) The court will give weight to the risk that compliance might expose the
respondent to claims for breach of confidence, or criminal penalties in the
jurisdiction in which the documents are situated. Where there is a real risk,
the court will be slow to order production (_In Re Mid-East Trading Ltd_
[1998] BCC 726 at 754).

(g) The practical burden imposed when a great deal of time and expense is
required to comply with an order for disclosure of documents (_British &
Commonwealth Holdings_; _Re BCCI (No 12)_).

Procedure

45 The procedure for a s 285 application and examination is provided for under
rr 49, 52, 55, 56 and 57 of the Companies (Winding Up) Rules (Cap 50, R 1,
2006 Rev Ed). _W &P Piling_ made the following three points regarding
procedure which should be borne in mind:

(a) First, the word “shall” under r 49 does not mandate that applications must
be made _ex parte_. In the normal course of events, applications should be
made through an _inter partes_ summons. But the court would be pragmatic if
the liquidator is able to adduce some evidence that prior notice of such an
application might result in a redefining or massaging of facts, or the
concealment or destruction of documents (at [32]–[34]).

(b) Secondly, generally and in the absence of special considerations, a
liquidator ought to elicit the co-operation of a proposed examinee before
invoking s 285. It is sound practice for a liquidator to first make a written
request for the documents he seeks or to submit a list of questions to the
proposed respondent (or both) (at [32]).

(c) Thirdly, ideally, a liquidator should place his reasons for the
application on record and on oath and this should be disclosed to the proposed
respondent. But instances might well arise where, because of public interest
considerations or a certain measure of sensitivity involving informants, the
confidentiality of communications with the court might have to be strictly
preserved. The court would in such cases be prepared to maintain the
confidentiality of such information (at [35]).

Application of the law to the present case

46 We now deal with the application of the relevant principles to the present
case.

Is the court’s powers under s 285 limited in light of the availability of pre-
action procedures?

47 We first deal with the Appellants’ submission that the court’s powers under
s 285 should be limited in light of the availability of pre-action procedures.
The Appellants argued:

(a) First, the Judge ought not to have relied on English cases decided before
26 April 1999 such as _British & Commonwealth Holdings_ and _In Re Rolls Razor
Ltd (No 2)_. Before 26 April 1999, pre-action discovery in England was limited
to cases involving personal injury and death. The courts in those cases could
not at the time avail themselves of pre-action discovery and had to resort to
s 236 of the UK Insolvency Act.

(b) Secondly, a liquidator is not permitted to use s 285 if he already
contemplates litigation but does not yet have sufficient information to
frame/plead his claim. Instead, he should resort to pre-action procedures.

48 We rejected the Appellants’ submission for the following reasons:

(a) First, s 285 does not provide that it should be restricted by pre-action
procedures, nor does it state that it cannot be used once a liquidator
contemplates litigation. As mentioned, s 285 is couched in very generous terms
and should not be interpreted in a restrictive manner (_W &P Piling_ at [27]).

(b) Secondly, s 285 can still be resorted to even if the liquidator
contemplates litigation. For example, the court in _Re Chesterfield_ observed
that it was not a bar to an order under the English equivalent of s 285 that a
liquidator has in mind the possibility of litigation as it is legitimate for
him to investigate whether a claim exists.

(c) Thirdly, s 285 should not be restricted by pre-action procedures as s 285
applies irrespective of whether or not legal action could be commenced (_Re
Lion City Holdings_ at [20]). On the other hand, pre-action procedures are
only used when an action could not be commenced: they allow potential
plaintiffs to seek relevant information and documents for the specific purpose
of commencing an action.

(d) Fourthly, there do not appear to be any cases that stand for the
proposition that the court’s powers under s 285 should be limited in light of
the availability of pre-action discovery procedures. It is true that pre-
action discovery was confined to death and personal injury claims before 26
April 1999 (Paul Matthews & Hodge M Malek, QC, _Disclosure_ (Sweet & Maxwell,
4th Ed, 2012) at para 3.31). But the English authorities pre-dating 26 April
1999 remain good law. They continue to be endorsed by the courts in Singapore
(_eg_ , _W &P Piling_ and _Re Lion City Holdings_), England (_eg_ , _Re
Chesterfield_) and Hong Kong (_eg_ , _Re Kong Wah Holdings Ltd (in
liquidation)_ [2004] 2 HKC 255 (“ _Re Kong Wah_ ”) and _Re New China Hong Kong
Group Ltd (in liquidation)_ [2003] 3 HKC 252) even though these jurisdictions
have in place codified pre-action procedures. There is no indication in the
cases that the power under s 285 (or its foreign equivalents) ought to be
curtailed in light of the availability of pre-action procedures. While there
is a degree of overlap between the objects of s 285 and the pre-action
discovery procedures, the former being applicable in the specific context of
the winding-up of a company, and the latter being of general application,
there is nothing in logic or in general principles of statutory interpretation
to suggest that just because of the overlap, the scope of the former should
thereby be curtailed when its plain words are clearly wide.

Stage 1: Threshold requirement

49 We were satisfied that the Respondent had shown that there was a reasonable
belief that the Appellants were able to assist him, and that the documents he
sought were reasonably required.

50 The Appellants submitted that PwC would not be able to provide the
Respondent with useful information and documents. This was because the
suspicious transactions that the respondent was particularly concerned with,
namely, the payments made to Power Charm, the loans made to the BVI
subsidiaries by CCB and the auction of the shares of the PRC subsidiaries were
all done in FY 2010, and by then, PwC was no longer Celestial’s auditors. We
were unable to accept this argument. The Appellants were the auditors of
Celestial for several years (FYs 2004 to 2009) before these suspicious
transactions happened. They were likely to have with them documents that could
shed light on the circumstances of the suspicious transactions. Yet, the
Appellants have only provided three arch-lever files of documents, which
contain only high-level consolidation schedules, limited company and
subsidiary level financial information, year-end balances and minutes of
meetings which the Respondent had already recovered from other sources.

51 The Appellants relied on _Korea Asset Management Corp v Daewoo Singapore
Pte Ltd (in liquidation)_ [2004] 1 SLR(R) 671 (“ _Korea Asset_ ”) to assert
that any liquidator making an application under s 285 should be objective.
They argued that the Respondent could not be an objective liquidator for two
reasons:

(a) First, he was incentivised under the Funding Agreement to pursue a claim
against PwC. The Funding Agreement provided that the Respondent would be paid
the other half of his outstanding fees of US$507,122 in the event that, _inter
alia_ , he “identifies potential [c]laims that may be available … against
third parties as a result of the Examination and Discovery Proceedings or
otherwise”[note: 5]; and

(b) Secondly, he focused on claims which could be made to maximise recovery
for Celestial’s creditors, and in particular, the Blackrock creditors, and
sought to achieve this by applying pressure on Mr Ming Dequan (Celestial’s ex-
chairman) and other parties using s 285 so as to obtain more reasonable
settlement offers.

52 We could not accept these two reasons advanced by the Appellants because:

(a) First, we saw nothing objectionable about the Funding Agreement. Even
though the Respondent might have stood to recover half of his outstanding fees
if he could identify potential claims, it was also in the interest of all the
creditors that a proper investigation be done to determine whether there were
any viable claims against third parties. If the Respondent could find such
claims, it would benefit the general unsecured creditors. As liquidator, the
Respondent was duty-bound to identify potential claims to maximise recovery
for Celestial’s creditors. The Respondent should not be hindered by
allegations of bias merely because he too may benefit from the same. The
Respondent, as liquidator, is an officer of the court. Further, apart from
carrying out his statutory duties, he has his own professional reputation to
protect. The Appellants had not contended that the Respondent would pursue
frivolous proceedings that would bring no benefit to the creditors in general,
nor did they allege that the creditors would not support such actions. In any
event, should the Respondent act unreasonably in pursuing frivolous claims,
the court could sanction him by ordering personal costs against him. This
should be sufficient disincentive for him to act irresponsibly.

(b) Secondly, the second objection was unsustainable as one of the
Respondent’s duties as a liquidator was precisely to maximise recovery for
Celestial’s creditors. The fact that these creditors include the Blackrock
creditors who agreed to fund the investigation and pursue potential claims was
irrelevant. The Respondent would be a breach of his duties as liquidator if he
did not seek to determine whether there were claims that could be pursued for
the benefit of the creditors in general despite being put in funds to do so by
some creditors.

53 We were of the view that _Korea Asset_ did not assist the Appellants. The
facts of _Korea Asset_ were very different from those in the present case. In
_Korea Asset_ , the majority creditors of a company sought to obtain a
compulsory winding up order when voluntary winding up proceedings had already
been commenced by the company’s directors. The company’s directors appointed
liquidators for the voluntary winding up. The liquidators objected to the
application made by the majority of creditors. The court found that the
majority of creditors were not comfortable with, or confident in the
liquidators’ ability to discharge their duties even-handedly. The liquidators
had also not been able to adequately satisfy the majority of creditors or the
court how layer upon layer of intricate transactions between the company and
related entities could be satisfactorily accounted for. There was therefore a
real cause for the majority of creditors to perceive that the liquidators
might not be able to discharge their duties objectively and fairly. The
present case is completely unlike that in _Korea Asset_. The Respondent was
appointed by creditors in a compulsory winding up and all his actions thus far
have been to further the interests of the creditors rather than those of
Celestial or its shareholders and directors.

Stage 2: Balancing exercise

(1) Reasons raised by the Appellants in saying that the grant of the
disclosure order by the Judge would be oppressive

54 The Appellants submitted that the disclosure order granted by the Judge
would be oppressive because:

(a) The Respondent’s true motivation in bringing SUM 2473/2013 was to seek
discovery from the Appellants to bolster his case in respect of a potential
claim against them.

(b) It required PwC to submit its working papers.

(c) There was a real risk that the Appellants would be exposed to civil and
criminal sanctions in the PRC.

(d) The order granted by the Judge was too wide as it covered all documents in
the Appellants’ possession, custody or control relating to Celestial and
spanned the entire period during which PwC was engaged as Celestial’s
auditors, _ie_ , FYs 2004 to 2009.

(2) Was the Respondent’s true motivation in bringing SUM 2473/2013 to bolster
his case in respect of a potential claim against the Appellants?

55 In relation to this allegation the Appellants accused the Respondent of a
“deliberate lack of candour”[note: 6] in refusing to “provide the [c]ourt with
full and frank disclosure of the extent and nature of the information and
documents which he already received or gathered since his appointment as
provisional liquidator”[note: 7] to date. The Appellants said that the
Respondent had already obtained substantial documents and information from
various sources, such as two of Celestial’s independent directors (Mr Lai Seng
Kwoon and Mr Loo Choon Chiaw) and therefore needed no further information and
documents. The Appellants submitted that if the Respondent had made full
disclosure of the information that he already had, it would have exposed his
true motives for the application, namely, to fish for more information in
order to bolster a claim against them.

56 We could not accept the Appellants’ objection. First, it was not true that
the Respondent had not been forthright in providing full and frank disclosure.
In his affidavit of 10 May 2013, he set out the information he had obtained
and the sources thereof.[note: 8] Even then, there were significant gaps in
the information which he had obtained relating to Celestial’s insolvency and
the suspicious transactions. Second, the assertion that the Respondent’s true
motive in the application was to find fault with the Appellants’ audit work,
and unfairly obtain evidence in advance to substantiate a claim against them,
was completely baseless. The Respondent had never said anything about the
quality of the Appellants’ audit work or suing them. Furthermore, the
Respondent’s evidence was that he was keeping an open mind as to whether there
were any claims that might exist against the Appellants. His object then was
simply to try and obtain as much information as possible in relation to
Celestial’s affairs.

57 In any event, it is legitimate for a liquidator to avail himself of s 285
to investigate whether a claim exists, and if so, to sue the party
responsible. It would be a breach of a liquidator’s duty if he does not sue
when there is a legitimate claim against a third party. It is not a bar to an
examination order being made that a liquidator has in mind the possibility of
litigation and that it is legitimate for the liquidator to seek relief under s
285 with a view to investigate whether a claim exists (_Re Cloverbay (No 2)_
at 103; _Re Chesterfield_).

(3) Is turning over working papers oppressive?

58 The Appellants submitted that asking them to turn over PwC’s working
papers, which contained its proprietary information, is oppressive.

59 It is true that the working papers belong to the Appellants and contain
proprietary information meant for internal use in preparing audit reports. But
this does not mean that the disclosure of these documents cannot be ordered.
There are precedents where working papers were ordered to be turned in.

60 In _British & Commonwealth Holdings_, the auditors of the company concerned
were ordered to disclose their working papers because they included
“information of relevance”. The applicant in that case was the administrator
of an insolvent company. The insolvent company had earlier acquired a target
company. It acquired the target company in part because of a report by the
target company’s auditors that the target company had sufficient working
capital for its operations. It was later found that the target company’s
assets were insufficient for operations. The administrator of the insolvent
company then applied for and obtained an order for the auditors of the target
company to disclose “all books, papers or other records … relating to or
having any connection” with:

(a) The target company’s year-end audit report immediately before the
acquisition;

(b) The target company’s year-end audit report immediately after the
acquisition; and

(c) The acquisition of the target company, including but not limited to the
working capital review.

The disclosure order was challenged on the ground that it was so wide that it
included the working papers of the target company’s auditors other than the
papers of the target company itself. The House of Lords upheld the order on
the basis that these papers could contain information of relevance to the
administrator’s investigation.

61 In _Re Kong Wah_ , the liquidator relied on a statutory power in Hong
Kong’s equivalent of s 285 to compel the disclosure of the auditors’ “internal
review” papers in addition to its audit working papers. The court stated that
the fact that the documents were internal documents did not necessarily mean
that they should be excluded from disclosure and that this was merely a factor
to be taken into account (at [53]). In that case, the auditors did not suggest
that the internal review documents did not contain pertinent information. The
court took the view that the risk of oppression to the auditors was outweighed
by the reasonable requirements of the liquidator to have access to them in
order to discharge his statutory duties.

62 Therefore, the mere fact that the working papers are PwC’s property cannot,
in and of itself, form a basis for resisting the liquidator’s application. The
papers should be disclosed so long as they contain information that is of
relevance to the liquidator’s investigation.

(4) Civil and criminal liabilities in the PRC

63 The Appellants submitted that there was a risk that that they would be
exposed to criminal liability under the Law of the People’s Republic of China
on Protecting the State Secrets (“State Secrets Law”). It is common ground
that the State Secrets Law applies to the Appellants. The Appellants said that
the PRC subsidiaries had significant dealings with the Daqing Provincial
Government, and they could be made to hand over documents concerning those
dealings under the Judge’s disclosure order. This could run afoul of the State
Secrets Law as the authorities in the PRC have a wide discretion in
determining whether a document contains “State Secrets” under the State
Secrets Law. Article 9 of the State Secrets Law broadly and vaguely defines
“State Secrets” to include “other confidential issues which are recognised by
the State-secret protection administration” or “classified as State Secrets by
the State-secret guarding department”.

64 The Appellants also argued that it was common ground that the Appellants
owed a duty of confidentiality to the PRC subsidiaries. The Appellants said
that they might be forced to breach their duty of confidentiality by
disclosing documents or information obtained from the PRC subsidiaries. This
could render the Appellants liable to compensate the PRC subsidiaries for
losses incurred as a result.

65 We were not convinced that the Appellants would, as a result of complying
with the disclosure order, expose themselves to civil and criminal sanctions
under PRC law for the following reasons:

(a) First, it was likely that there were no state secrets in those documents
because:

(i) The Appellants had not shown that the documents contain state secrets; and

(ii) The Appellants were based outside of the PRC. As such, it was highly
unlikely that as foreigners they would be permitted to be in possession of
documents containing PRC state secrets.

(b) Secondly, even if there were state secrets in the documents, Article 20 of
the State Secrets Law provides that parts of the documents not containing
state secrets could still be disclosed.

(c) Thirdly, the Appellants would not be in breach of their duty of
confidentiality owed to the PRC subsidiaries. Mr Gao Jun, the Respondent’s PRC
law expert, testified before the Judge that there was unlikely to be liability
if the Appellants disclosed documents and information pursuant to a court
order.[note: 9] The Judge did not believe the Appellants’ experts, Mr Zhang
Zhonggang and Mr Lin Lei, who disagreed with Mr Gao.[note: 10] This was
because Mr Zhang and Mr Lin failed to give examples where the PRC courts have
imposed liability on a foreign entity acting in accordance with an order of a
foreign court of competent jurisdiction (the Judgment at [50]).

(5) Is the order granted by the Judge too wide?

66 The Appellants argued that the order granted by the Judge was too wide as
it covered all documents in the Appellant’s possession, custody or control
relating to Celestial spanning the entire period during which PwC was engaged
as Celestial’s auditors, _ie_ , FYs 2004 to 2009.

67 We saw no merit in the Appellants’ objection. It was not uncommon for
courts to grant orders compelling parties to disclose all documents in their
possession, custody or control relating to the insolvent company in question.
This was done in _British & Commonwealth Holdings_ and _Re BCCI (No 12)_ at
544d. _British & Commonwealth Holdings_ was itself a case where auditors were
ordered to disclose all documents they had in relation to an insolvent
company. We further noted that PwC was a respected and large audit firm. It
should have kept proper records in relation to Celestial and should have the
means to retrieve and disclose them expeditiously.

Conclusion

68 We therefore dismissed the appeal. We also made the following additional
orders:

(a) The costs of the appeal as well as of the previous stay applications be
fixed at a grand total of $60,000 plus reasonable disbursements.

(b) The order for disclosure should be complied with within three weeks from
the date of judgment (27 January 2015), with liberty to apply.

(c) Time shall not run against the Respondent for the period of three weeks
mentioned in (_b_).

* * *

[note: 1]Para 28 and Tab YCW 2 in affidavit of Mr Yit Chee Wah dated 31 May
2012 in Originating Summons 526 of 2012.

[note: 2]Order made in Chambers (Originating Summons 526 of 2012) dated 20
June 2012.

[note: 3]Affidavit in support of application for order for examination by Mr
Yit Chee Wah dated 10 May 2013 at para 24 (Core Bundle, vol 2, p 15 – 16).

[note: 4]Appellants’ Case at para 47.

[note: 5]Clause 4.1 of the Funding Agreement in Tab YCW 2 in affidavit of Mr
Yit Chee Wah dated 31 May 2012 in Originating Summons 526 of 2012.

[note: 6]Appellants’ submissions dated 27 October 2014 at para 52.

[note: 7]Appellants’ submissions dated 27 October 2014 at para 47.

[note: 8]Affidavit in support of application for order for examination by Mr
Yit Chee Wah dated 10 May 2013 at para 24 (Core Bundle, vol 2, p 15 – 16).

[note: 9]Para 44 and 58 of Expert report of Gao Jun in DD-1 to affidavit of Mr
Gao Jun dated 16 July 2013.

[note: 10]Para 26 of Joint expert report of Zhang Zhonggang & Lin Lei in ZL-1
to affidavit of Mr Zhang Zhonggang and Mr Lin Lei dated 14 June 2013.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 08 Apr 2015 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

