Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Joo Yong Co (Pte) Ltd and another _v_ Gajentheran Marimuthu (by his mother
and next friend Parai a/p Palaniappan) and others  
[2015] SGCA 38

Case Number| :| Civil Appeal No 19 of 2015  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 04 August 2015  
Tribunal/Court| :| Court of Appeal  
Coram| :|  Sundaresh Menon CJ; Chao Hick Tin JA; Tay Yong Kwang J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Cecilia Lee Thomas and Savliwala Fakhruddin Huseni
(Bogaars & Din) for the appellants; Tahaireen T Khan, Shiever S Ramachandran
and Ho Thiam Huat (Khan & Co) for the first respondent; Lynette Chew Mei Lin
and Leonard Chew Wei Chong (Morgan Lewis Stamford LLC) for the second and
third respondents.  
Parties| :|  Joo Yong Co (Pte) Ltd and another — Gajentheran Marimuthu (by his
mother and next friend Parai a/p Palaniappan) and others  
  
4 August 2015| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Chao Hick Tin JA (delivering the judgment of the court):

1 This appeal raises the question as to who was responsible for a motor
accident involving Gajentheran Marimuthu (“Gajentheran”), who was riding a
motorcycle and T Johaselvan (“Johaselvan”), who was driving a lorry and, if it
was Johaselvan who was responsible, whether there was contributory negligence
on the part of Gajentheran. Gajentheran is the plaintiff in the action and the
first respondent in this appeal. Johaselvan is the second defendant in the
action and his employer, the first defendant. The first and the second
defendants are the appellants in this appeal.

2 As a result of the accident, Gajentheran was seriously injured. The
collision took place between 5.10pm and 5.20pm on 1 February 2013 at the
junction of Tuas West Road and Tuas Link 4. Gajentheran was riding his
motorcycle along Tuas West Road in the direction of Tuas Checkpoint. Following
behind him, on a second motorcycle, was Mohd Rosli Wadi bin Mat Nor (“Rosli”),
and a pillion rider, Mohd Daud bin Mat Nor (“Daud”). And following behind
them, on a third motorcycle, was Mohd Paqmi bin Md Arifin (“Paqmi”). Paqmi and
Rosli were joined as third parties in the action and are, respectively, the
second and third respondents in this appeal. We should mention that all the
three motor-cyclists and the pillion rider were, at the time, colleagues
working for the same employer.

3 When the motor-cyclists were about to proceed into the junction, the lorry
driven by Johaselvan made a right turn into Tuas Link 4 from the opposite
direction. The lorry cut into the path of the motor-cyclists. Gajentheran,
riding on the first motorcycle, collided with the middle part of the left side
of the lorry and skidded underneath the lorry. Rosli and Daud, riding on the
second motorcycle, collided with the front part (also on the left side) of the
lorry.[note: 1] Paqmi, riding on the third motorcycle, claimed to have swerved
right and thus avoided the lorry entirely. The trial judge accepted Paqmi’s
evidence. However, the appellants maintain that Paqmi collided with the lorry
as well. We will return to this dispute later.

4 In any event, all three motor-cyclists and the pillion rider sustained
injuries and damages to their motorcycles. Four actions were instituted by
them – these proceedings, which concern only the claims of Gajentheran, and
three other proceedings in the State Courts which concern the claims of Rosli,
Daud and Paqmi. Notwithstanding these separate actions, the parties have
appropriately agreed to be bound by the findings of fact made in these
proceedings.[note: 2]

5 It is common ground that there are three straight-going lanes on Tuas West
Road in the direction the motor-cyclists were travelling. Nearer to the
junction itself, there is an additional lane for vehicles which wish to turn
right. For convenience, we shall refer to the lanes, counting from the left
side of the road (taking bearing from the direction the motor-cyclists were
travelling) as lanes 1, 2 and 3. The turning lane will be referred to as lane
4. It is also common ground that at the relevant time, traffic was heavy.
According to Gajentheran, Rosli, Paqmi and Daud, there was a traffic jam on
lanes 2 and 3.[note: 3]

6 The circumstances giving rise to the accident is disputed. The main dispute
is on the question of in whose favour the traffic lights were at the material
time. Johaselvan says that he made the right turn when the green turning arrow
of the traffic lights lit up in his favour and the lights were red against
traffic going straight in both directions. He says that the vehicles at lanes
1, 2 and 3 on the opposite side had already stopped and were not proceeding
into the junction. Thus he made the turn. He says that Gajentheran and the
other two motor-cyclists beat the red traffic lights which were against them
when they crossed into the junction. However, Gajentheran, Rosli and Paqmi
give a different story; they say that the traffic lights were still green in
their favour. They accept that Johaselvan also faced green traffic lights,
which meant that he could make a right turn across the junction if it was safe
to do so.

7 So the first issue we have to determine is whether the green arrow for
turning was in fact lit up in favour of Johaselvan when he made the right
turn. The trial judge found against Johaselvan. But counsel for the appellants
sought to argue that as the vehicles from the opposite side had come to a halt
at the stop line, that necessarily suggested that the red lights had appeared
and that the green arrow had also appeared allowing Johaselvan to make the
right turn. She emphasised, in particular, that there is no yellow box at the
junction so motorists were not required to stop before the junction even if
there was a jam ahead. She said it was unlikely that motorists would be so
considerate as not to proceed into the junction on their own volition so as
not to block it.

8 The other evidence relevant to this dispute is: (a) Johaselvan’s affidavit
evidence that he sighted “a few other motor cycles which rode past the front
and rear of the lorry” after he alighted from the lorry following
Gajentheran’s motorcycle’s collision with the lorry,[note: 4] (b) Johaselvan’s
admission during his cross-examination that the traffic lights were green “for
the motorcyclists” at the point of collision;[note: 5] and (c) Johaselvan’s
retraction of that admission and his further explanation during re-examination
that the traffic lights merely “changed to green” after the collision.[note:
6] In their written submissions, the appellants acknowledge that the presence
of oncoming traffic would mean that the traffic lights were green for the
motor-cyclists, but argue that the traffic lights had changed from red to
green between the time of the accident and Johaselvan’s observation of the
oncoming traffic.[note: 7] The appellants rely on Johaselvan’s statement
during re-examination that the traffic lights “changed to green”, which they
say is the “truthful statement”.[note: 8] The respondents reject this
argument. Counsel for Rosli and Paqmi point out that at least 25s must have
elapsed from the point when the steady green arrow appeared to the moment when
the traffic lights changed to green for the vehicles coming from the same
direction as the motor-cyclists. Essentially, the counterargument is that the
accident could not have occurred when the green turning arrow lit up because
Johaselvan would not have taken 25s to make the right turn, apply the
emergency brakes, check the left wing mirror, and pull up the handbrake before
making the crucial observation of the oncoming traffic as he walked to the
right rear of the lorry.[note: 9]

9 In our view, this contention is at best speculative as there is hardly any
objective evidence to indicate whether 25s would have passed while these
events took place. Estimates as to time of this nature can be most unreliable.

10 But what remains unexplained is Johaselvan’s admission at one point of the
cross-examination that the traffic lights were green “for the motorcyclists”.
That line of cross-examination began with a reading of a Johaselvan’s
affidavit. Johaselvan’s attention was drawn to his own evidence that a few
other motorcycles rode past the front and the rear of the lorry to avoid it.
Johaselvan then agreed with counsel for Rosli and Paqmi that _at the point of
collision and in the seconds after the collision, the lights were showing
green_.[note: 10] To our minds, this is cogent evidence of the traffic lights
at the material time.

11 As earlier mentioned, the appellants’ explanation for that condition is
that the traffic lights were already red against the motor-cyclists and those
vehicles coming from the same direction. Thus they stopped. In support of this
claim, they point to the evidence from the three motor-cyclists and Daud that
vehicles on the lanes to their right (_ie_ , lanes 2 and 3) had stopped.[note:
11] The other explanation, advanced by the respondents, is that there was a
build-up of traffic or a “traffic jam at the front”[note: 12] which
discouraged vehicles from entering into the junction, even though there is no
yellow box at the junction to prohibit vehicles from remaining stationary
within the junction. Both explanations are possible. But when the evidence of
the vehicles having stopped is weighed together with Johaselvan’s momentary
admission that the traffic lights were green “for the motorcyclists” as well
as the improbability of the three motor-cyclists beating the red lights
sequentially, we think that the respondents’ explanation is likelier. On a
balance of probabilities, we find that the traffic lights were green when the
three motor-cyclists proceeded into the junction. In any event, we do not find
that the weight of the evidence is so compelling as to require us to hold that
the finding of the trial judge was necessarily wrong.

12 The second point of dispute is whether the three motor-cyclists were riding
on the road shoulder or on lane 1. This issue is closely intertwined with the
aftermath of the accident, which we will now briefly describe. The final
resting position of the lorry was just immediately before the pedestrian
crossing at Tuas Link 4; the front wheels of the lorry were just inches away
from the dotted pedestrian crossing line.[note: 13] From the measurements
taken of the lorry and the junction,[note: 14] and the images of the
junction,[note: 15] we have observed that the front of the lorry was in line
with the grass verge and the back of it was in line with the road shoulder. No
part of the lorry protruded into the area in front of lane 1.

13 The appellants advance the argument that the final resting position of the
lorry and the two spots on the left side of the lorry, where Gajentheran’s and
Rosli’s motorcycles collided with it, indicate where both of them were
travelling from before their respective collisions with the lorry. They rely
on Johaselvan’s evidence that the latter “immediately stopped”[note: 16] upon
feeling an impact on the left side of the lorry. Since the lorry stopped in
front of the road shoulder, and no part of the lorry protruded into the area
in front of lane 1, they say that all the three motor-cyclists must have been
riding along the road shoulder before Gajentheran and Rosli collided with the
lorry.

14 We find this argument to be improbable in relation to Gajentheran. There
would have been a time lapse between experiencing the impact and the lorry
actually stopping. The normal reaction time for surprised drivers is between
1.41s and 1.84s.[note: 17] Johaselvan was a surprised driver. On Johaselvan’s
own account, he did not see the traffic on his left as he made the right
turn.[note: 18] He reacted to stop only when he felt a collision. At a speed
of 10km/h to 15 km/h, the expert, Dr Shane Richardson (“Dr Richardson”),
stated that the distance travelled during the reaction time would have been
3.9m to 7.7m. He also stated that upon applying the emergency brakes, the
lorry could have travelled a further distance of 0.8m to 1.8m before coming to
a complete halt. In total, the point of the collision is probably 4.5m to 9.4m
away from the rest position.[note: 19] That seems correct to us.

15 The significance of Dr Richardson’s report is that it explains how the
lorry could have been in front of lane 1 when Gajentheran collided with it. It
supports Gajentheran’s case that he came into the junction from lane 1 and
collided with the lorry that was in front of lane 1.

16 Although the photographs of the site of the accident show a concentration
of debris in front of the grass verge and the road shoulder, this does not
weaken our inference that Gajentheran’s collision occurred while the lorry was
still in the position in front of lane 1. First, it is common ground that
there were at least two collisions. Assuming that the debris resulted from a
collision, there is no evidence that the debris came from Gajentheran’s
motorcycle. Second, after the accident, the traffic from Tuas West Road (_ie_
, from the same direction as the motorcyclists) continued to move ahead
despite the accident. The same photographs show vehicles proceeding across the
junction from lane 1. These photographs were taken sometime after the accident
– between the time of the arrival of the first ambulance and the second
ambulance.[note: 20] Any debris in front of lane 1 caused by Gajentheran’s
collision with the lorry would undoubtedly have been disturbed by the
incessant moving traffic. What debris that remained on the road after a while
would have little probative value in determining the spot at which
Gajentheran’s motorcycle collided with the lorry.

17 A corollary of our finding that Gajentheran’s collision occurred in front
of lane 1 is that he and his motorcycle must have been dragged forward by the
momentum of the lorry to its final resting position. We recognise the lack of
evidence, such as blood streaks or gorge marks, to show that Gajentheran and
his motorcycle were so dragged. However, the alternative would be to hold that
Gajentheran and his motorcycle were not dragged at all because the lorry came
to an instantaneous stop. In our view, that could not have been the case
because it would mean that there was no need for any reaction time, which is
physically impossible.

18 As for Rosli and Paqmi, their positions are different. We find that they
were riding on their motorcycle on the road shoulder just before Rosli’s
collision or Paqmi’s swerve to the right. We rely on Rosli’s oral evidence
that his motorcycle hit the front part of the lorry.[note: 21] As we have
mentioned earlier, when the lorry came to a complete halt, the front of the
lorry was in line with the grass verge. We also rely on the fact that the
lorry was likely to be close to its final resting position by the time of
Rosli’s collision. Very shortly after Gajentheran’s motorcycle collided with
the lorry, Johaselvan applied emergency brakes. This could be just before or
after Rosli’s collision with the lorry. But, once the emergency brakes were
applied, the evidence from Dr Richardson establishes that the lorry would have
moved only minimally.

19 Taking all these circumstances into account, we find that the part of the
lorry which Rosli collided with was in line with the road shoulder.
Consequently, Rosli could not have been riding on lane 1; if he was riding on
lane 1, he would not have collided with the lorry; this is because the lorry
would not have been in his way.

20 The same position applies to the third motor-cyclist, Paqmi. By the time
Paqmi entered into the junction, the lorry would have been even closer to its
final resting position, if it had not already stopped. Therefore, if Paqmi was
riding on lane 1, the lorry would not have been in his way and he need not
have swerved right to avoid colliding with the lorry. The trial judge found
that he had so swerved. The damage to his motorcycle is slight.[note: 22] That
is consistent with his claim that the damage was sustained from a fall onto
the road. Accordingly, we find that Paqmi was also riding on the road shoulder
immediately before he entered the road junction and therefore had to swerve
right to avoid a collision with the lorry.

21 The third point of dispute concerns the possible aggravation of
Gajentheran’s injuries by Rosli and Paqmi. The appellants argue that Rosli and
Paqmi should be responsible for some of Gajentheran’s injuries because they
were caused by the further impacts from Rosli’s and Paqmi’s collisions with
the lorry. The scope of this argument is necessarily constrained by our
earlier findings. Paqmi must be immediately ruled out as having caused any
aggravation of Gajentheran’s injuries since he did not collide with the lorry.

22 This leaves Rosli to be considered. Johaselvan presents an account of how
he saw that one of the wheels of Rosli’s motorcycle hit Gajentheran’s midriff
as a result of Rosli’s collision with the lorry. Johaselvan also says that the
wheel of Rosli’s motorcycle was pushed further underneath the lorry and on top
of Gajentheran by the impact from Paqmi’s motorcycle.[note: 23] However, we
have difficulties with this account. First, Paqmi did not collide with the
lorry. Second, Rosli could not have collided with Gajentheran who was
underneath the lorry, if the position of Gajentheran was near the letters “CO”
of the phrase “JOO YONG CO., (PTE) LTD” painted on the side of the lorry
carriage,[note: 24] and the point of Rosli’s collision with the lorry was to
the left of the first letter “J”.[note: 25] Third, Johaselvan did not see
Rosli’s collision. This must be pitted against Rosli’s evidence that his
motorcycle hit neither Gajentheran nor Gajentheran’s motorcycle.[note: 26] In
the circumstances, given the irreconcilable testimonial evidence and the
limited physical evidence available, it is far too speculative for us to hold
that Rosli aggravated Gajentheran’s injuries.

23 We now turn to the second main issue – the question of contributory
negligence on the part of Gajentheran. We find that he, as well as Rosli and
Paqmi, were travelling at an excessive speed. The undisputed fact is that
traffic was heavy at the time of the accident. Even though the three motor-
cyclists were travelling within the speed limit, they were not travelling at a
safe speed in the given conditions. Gajentheran’s own evidence is that he was
riding at 80 km/h. Rosli and Paqmi said their speed then was 60km/h to
70km/h.[note: 27] We think it more likely than not that they were travelling
at 70 km/h, trying to keep up with Gajentheran who was riding at 80 km/h. They
were obviously anxious to get to their homes in Johor as soon as possible.

24 Speeding is specifically pleaded by the appellants. We find in favour of
the appellants that the three motor-cyclists were negligent in approaching the
junction in a heavy traffic situation at that kind of speed, especially
Gajentheran who was going at 80 km/h. If they had ridden at a lower speed,
they might well have avoided the collision. Paqmi’s near-miss illustrates the
point.

25 It follows from our finding of contributory negligence on the part of
Gajentheran that he may not recover his damages entirely from the appellants.
But Rosli’s and Paqmi’s negligence had no bearing on the damages sustained by
Gajentheran. Naturally, they should not have to contribute to the damages
Gajentheran claims against the appellants.

26 In the result, we reduce the appellants’ liability to Gajentheran by 15% to
take into account the latter’s contributory negligence. We allow the appeal in
part to this extent.

27 Finally, on the question of costs, parties are requested to let us have
their submissions on it within two weeks.

* * *

[note: 1]ROA Vol III B at p 123 line 25 – p 124 line 7.

[note: 2]ROA Vol III B at p 30 line 31 – p 31 line 27.

[note: 3]CB Vol II at p 207, para 5; p 210, para 6; p 230, para 8; p 235, para
7.

[note: 4]CB Vol II at pp 216–217, para 14.

[note: 5]CB Vol II B at p 82 line 22 – p 83 line 1.

[note: 6]CB Vol II B at p 86 line 4.

[note: 7]Appellants’ skeletal submissions at pp 3–5, paras 7–12.

[note: 8]Appellants’ reply at p 9, para 19.

[note: 9]CB Vol II at pp 215–217, paras 9, 12–14.

[note: 10]CB Vol II B at p 82 line 2 – p 83 line 1.

[note: 11]ROA Vol III B at p 19 lines 5–9, 15–20; p 37 lines 7–10; p 118 lines
21–26; p 129 lines 26–29.

[note: 12]ROA Vol III B at p 19 line 9.

[note: 13]CB Vol II at pp 8, 12.

[note: 14]CB Vol II at p 145.

[note: 15]CB Vol II at pp 2–3.

[note: 16]ROA Vol III B at p 63 line 18.

[note: 17]CB Vol II at pp 74–76.

[note: 18]CB Vol II at p 216 line 12.

[note: 19]CB Vol II at p 76.

[note: 20]ROA Vol III A at p 18, para 12.

[note: 21]At the spot marked “X”: CB Vol II at p 270.

[note: 22]CB Vol II at p 257.

[note: 23]CB Vol II at p 217, paras 15–16.

[note: 24]ROA Vol III B at p 46 lines 21–26.

[note: 25]ROA Vol III B at p 123 line 25 – p 124 line 7.

[note: 26]ROA Vol III B at p 130 lines 19–30.

[note: 27]CB Vol II at p 207, para 6; p 210, para 7; p 230, para 9; p 235,
para 8.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 04 Aug 2015 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

