Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Lee Siew Ngug and others _v_ Lee Brothers (Wee Kee) Pte Ltd and another  
[2015] SGHC 106

Case Number| :| Originating Summons No 503 of 2014 (Registrar's Appeal Nos 398
and 399 of 2014)  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 23 April 2015  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Kan Ting Chiu SJ  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Tan Kheng Ann Alvin (Wong Thomas & Leong) for the 1st
Defendant/Appellant; Low Chai Chong and Alvin Liong (Rodyk & Davidson LLP) for
the 2nd Defendant/Appellant; Wong Soon Peng Adrian, Andrea Baker and Chan Yong
Neng (Rajah & Tann Singapore LLP) for the 1st, 2nd and 3rd
Plaintiffs/Respondents.  
Parties| :|  Lee Siew Ngug and others — Lee Brothers (Wee Kee) Pte Ltd and
another  
  
23 April 2015| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Kan Ting Chiu SJ:

Background

1 The matter came before me as appeals by the two Defendants against the
dismissal of their applications to strike out the three Plaintiffs’ action.

2 The Plaintiffs and the Defendants are related to the late philanthropist Lee
Wee Nam. The Plaintiffs are his grandsons, and the 1st Defendant, Lee Brothers
(Wee Kee) Pte Ltd (“Lee Brothers” or “the company”), and the 2nd Defendant,
Lee Hiok Kee Pte Ltd, are companies which were controlled by him and his
family.

3 The three Plaintiffs are shareholders and members (the two terms are used
interchangeably) of Lee Brothers. They became shareholders of the company in
October 2012. They are minority shareholders, each holding 6,888 shares. The
2nd Defendant has been a member of the company since May 1963, and is the
majority shareholder, holding 620,920 shares. The Plaintiffs are unhappy with
the 2nd Defendant, which they accused was abusing its position as the largest
shareholder of Lee Brothers by disregarding the wishes of the minority
shareholders. The Plaintiffs’ complaints were that the 2nd Defendant had
utilised its shareholding to retain control of the board of directors of Lee
Brothers, to resist a proposal to wind up the company, and to allow the 2nd
Defendant to remain as a member of the company.[note: 1]

The Plaintiffs’ Originating Summons

4 The Plaintiffs instituted these proceedings to remove the 2nd Defendant as a
member of Lee Brothers on the ground that the 2nd Defendant is not qualified
under the provisions of the Memorandum of Association of the 1st Defendant,
from being a member of the company. (There is no dispute between the parties
that Article 6 of the Memorandum stipulates that membership of the 1st
Defendant is limited to seven classes of natural persons).

5 The Plaintiffs filed their originating summons against the Defendants under
Order 92 Rule 4 of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R5, 2014 Rev Ed) (“ROC”)
and/or the inherent jurisdiction of the court on 29 May 2014 and amended the
prayers on 3 November 2014. The amended prayers are for –

1\. a declaration that the members of the 1st Defendant shall be restricted to
natural persons;

2\. a declaration that the 2nd defendant cannot legally be a member of the 1st
Defendant;

3\. an order that the 2nd Defendant be removed as a member from the share
register of the 1st Defendant;

4\. further or alternatively, an order that the allotments of shares in the
1st Defendant to the 2nd Defendant be declared invalid and/or for the entries
in connection with these shares be deleted from the register of members of the
1st Defendant;

5\. further and/or alternatively, an injunction restraining the 2nd Defendant,
its agents, representatives and/or assignees, from exercising any rights as a
member of the 1st Defendant;

6\. costs; and

7\. such further or other reliefs as this Honourable Court deems fit.

6 Before the amendments were made, the Defendants had applied separately in
July and August 2014 to strike out the Plaintiffs’ action under O 18 r 19 of
the ROC for being frivolous, vexatious and being an abuse of the process of
court. When the Defendants’ applications came before an Assistant Registrar on
8 December 2014 to strike out the originating summons, the hearing proceeded
on the basis of the amended summons. The Assistant Registrar dismissed both
applications because she found that “there appears to be some authority to
suggest that the Court has powers to rectify the register beyond s 194”.
[note: 2]

7 The Defendants’ applications were essentially based on s 194(1) and (4) of
the Companies Act (Cap 50, Rev Ed 2006) which provide that:

**194**.—(1) If —

(_a_) the name of any person is without sufficient cause entered in or omitted
from the register; or

(_b_) default is made or unnecessary delay takes place in entering in the
register the fact of any person having ceased to be a member,

the person aggrieved or any member or the company may apply to the Court for
rectification of the register, and the Court may refuse the application or may
order rectification of the register and payment by the company of any damages
sustained by any party to the application.

…

(4) No application for the rectification of a register in respect of an entry
which was made in the register more than 30 years before the date of the
application shall be entertained by the Court.

It bears noting that not all rectifications of entries older than 30 years are
prohibited, because s 194 (1) and (4) refer to applications to court to
rectify. Rectifications can be made without orders of court, for example, when
they are made by agreement.

8 The Defendants contend that the Plaintiffs’ application to remove the 2nd
Defendant from Lee Brothers’ register is prohibited by s 194(4) as the 2nd
Defendant had been registered as a member of the company for more than 30
years, since 4 May 1963.

The Plaintiffs’ response to the striking out application

9 The Plaintiffs’ response to the Defendants’ applications to strike out their
application for rectification is –

1\. The Plaintiffs are not relying on s 194 in their application,

2\. The Plaintiffs are invoking the court’s equitable power and jurisdiction
to order rectification, and

3\. The Plaintiffs should not be denied their contractual right as members of
the 1st Defendant to enforce Article 6 of the Memorandum of Association.[note:
3]

Evaluation of the arguments

10 As the Plaintiffs have confirmed that they are not relying on s 194 in
their applications, and have expressly stated in their application that it is
“In the matter of Order 92 Rule 4 of the Rules of Court and/or the Inherent
Jurisdiction of the Court”, but are relying on the inherent power or
jurisdiction of the courts and their contractual right, I will start by
considering the circumstances in which the Plaintiffs can invoke the equitable
power and jurisdiction, and their reliance on their contractual right to
enforce Article 6 as a separate basis for their application. After doing that,
I will consider whether the Defendants can rely on s 194(4) to strike out the
originating summons.

11 The Plaintiffs submit that “it is trite that the Courts may rectify a
company’s share register as **part of its equitable jurisdiction**. This power
and jurisdiction is **in addition to any statutory provision** that provides
for the rectification of a company’s share register by the Court”[note: 4]
[emphasis in original] and that s 194 does not apply to the equitable
jurisdiction to rectify because:

1) the Courts’ equitable jurisdiction to rectify a company register **runs
parallel** to its power to rectify a company register under Section 194 …

2) section 194 of the Companies Act is merely a **procedural provision** that
cannot extinguish or limit the Courts’ equitable jurisdiction to rectify a
company register; and

3) the scope of Section 194 of the Companies Act is **limited** to the two
grounds described therein at Section 194(a) and (b) and it does not cover all
the cases in which the register may be rectified pursuant to the Court’s
equitable jurisdiction.[note: 5]

[emphasis in original]

12 I begin with a few comments on these submissions. First, while the
Plaintiffs have cited some Australian cases which affirm the court’s equitable
jurisdiction to rectify a register – _In the Matter of Motasea Pty Ltd_ [2014]
NSWSC 69, _In the Matter of Mogul Stud Pty Ltd_ [2012] NSWSC 1639, _Price v
Powers_ [2005] WASC 154 and _Grant v John Grant & Sons Pty Ltd_ (1950) 82 CLR
1, as well as a Malaysian case in _Re Len Chee Omnibus Ltd_ [1969] 2 MLJ 202,
those cases did not consider whether the power is to be used freely or
sparingly, and how the inherent power is to be invoked when there is a
statutory regime like s 194 in place. Secondly, it is wrong to characterise s
194 as a procedural provision. Section 194(4) is more than procedural when it
limits the power of the courts to entertain applications to rectify entries
more than 30 years old. Thirdly, whether s 194 covers every ground for
rectification is not an issue in the present case. The Plaintiffs’ application
for rectification on the ground that the 2nd Defendant is not qualified to be
a member of the 1st Defendant falls under s 194(1)(_a_) as an entry made
without sufficient cause.

13 The issues raised are to be considered at two levels. Firstly it is
necessary to know the conditions in which a court would exercise its inherent
power/jurisdiction. This has been discussed in several decisions of our
courts. In _Wee Soon Kim Anthony v Law Society of Singapore_ [2001] 2 SLR(R)
821, Wee Soon Kim Anthony (“Wee”) applied for the Law Society to take
disciplinary proceedings against two solicitors. The two solicitors applied to
court for it to exercise its inherent jurisdiction and allow them to intervene
in the proceedings and oppose Wee’s application, which the Law Society was
already doing. The Court of Appeal, in its decision delivered by Chao Hick Tin
JA, held at [27] that -

It seems to us clear that by its very nature, how an inherent jurisdiction,
whether as set out in O 92 r 4 or under common law, should be exercised should
not be circumscribed by rigid criteria or tests. In each instance the court
must exercise it judiciously. In his lecture on “The Inherent Jurisdiction of
the Court” published in _Current Legal Problems 1970_ , Sir Jack Jacob (until
lately the general editor of the _Supreme Court Practice_) opined that this
jurisdiction may be invoked when it is _just and equitable_ to do so and in
particular to ensure the _observance of the due process of law_ , to prevent
improper vexation or oppression and _to do justice_ between the parties.
Without intending to be exhaustive, we think an essential touchstone is really
that of “need”. …

[emphasis added]

14 The Court went on to find at [29]-[30] that while the two solicitors had an
interest in the outcome of Wee’s application and their intervention would not
prejudice his application, they were not allowed to intervene because there
were no strong or compelling reasons for the court to invoke its jurisdiction.

15 The Court of Appeal dealt with the court’s inherent jurisdiction to stay an
appeal pending payment of outstanding taxed costs in _Roberto Building
Material Pte Ltd and others v Oversea-Chinese Banking Corp Ltd and another_
[2003] 2 SLR 353. The Court held in its judgement (at [16] and [17]) which was
also delivered by Chao Hick Tin JA, that:

By its very nature, the inherent jurisdiction of the court should only be
exercised in special circumstances where the justice of the case so demands …
this inherent jurisdiction should only be invoked in exceptional circumstances
where there is a clear need for it and the justice of the case so demands.

16 In _Wellmix Organics (International) Pte Ltd v Lau Yu Man_ [2006] 2 SLR(R)
117 Andrew Phang Boon Leong J (as he then was) gave thought to the effect and
application of O 92 r 4 where an existing rule already covers the situation,
and concluded that (at [81]):

… if there is an existing rule (whether by way of statute or subsidiary
legislation or rule of court) already covering the situation at hand, the
courts would generally _not_ invoke its inherent powers under O 92 r 4, save
perhaps in the **most exceptional circumstances** …

[emphasis in original in italics, emphasis added in bold]

17 It is clear from these pronouncements that the court’s inherent
jurisdiction or power is not a tool of convenience to turn to whenever there
is a problem to overcome. It is invoked sparingly when needed to do justice or
to prevent injustice between parties. In a situation where there is an
existing rule, a party which urges the court to invoke its inherent
jurisdiction or power to circumvent the rule has to show that is in the
interest of justice to disregard the rule.

18 This means that for the present case that the court may invoke its inherent
jurisdiction or power _if_ justice requires that the Plaintiffs be allowed to
apply to remove the 2nd Defendant as a member of the company despite the
prohibition in s 194(4), _and if_ justice requires that the 2nd Defendant be
removed as a member.

19 Does justice require that the court’s inherent power be used to get around
the prohibition, and will the use of the power ensure the due process of law
is observed, or that justice is done? The 2nd Defendant was already registered
as member when each Plaintiff acquired his 6,888 shares in the company in
October 2012. The Plaintiffs knew, or should have known that the 2nd Defendant
was a member when they became members themselves, and they knew or should have
known that the 2nd Defendant had been a member for a long time.

20 While the Plaintiffs laid emphasis on the fact that the court has the
inherent power/jurisdiction to rectify a company register, they did not put
forward any reason why the power should be used to assist them to pursue their
application when s 194(4) has been enacted to protect members of long standing
from being removed.

The 30-year challenge period

21 The 30-year period was first proposed by the committee appointed by the
English Board of Trade in 1959 under the chairmanship of Lord Jenkins (“the
Jenkins Committee”) to review the Companies Act, 1948 and to recommend changes
to the law. In paragraph 481 of the report of the committee which dealt with
the preservation of documents, the Committee made a proposal:

The evidence we have received indicates that the need to the documents and
records relating to past transactions causes trouble, especially to large old
companies. Entries in the share register relating to put members have to be
preserved indefinitely, with the result that a large company whose shares are
rapidly turned over accumulates a large and ever increasing stock of “closed
accounts”. We were informed that one company had accumulated 150,000 closed
accounts during the forty years up to 1956. Furthermore, while the Act does
not require the preservation of such documents as instruments of transfer,
letters of allotment, allotment lists, paid dividend warrants and dividend
lists, many companies think it necessary for their own protection to preserve
these documents indefinitely. So far as documents relating to the payment of
dividends are concerned, we do not see the need for any special exemption from
the law relating to the limitation of actions. As regards instruments like
share transfers and signed letters of allotment, which affect the title to
shares, the most we can suggest is a statutory provision to the effect that
the accuracy of any entry in a share register should not be liable to be
impugned on the strength of transactions alleged to have occurred over thirty
years ago. If a shorter period were prescribed an exception would, in our
view, be called for in cases where fraud was alleged and, if such an exception
were made, companies might still think it necessary to preserve the original
documents of title. _After thirty years we think that any entry in the
register could reasonably be held free from challenge._ Companies could then
safely destroy the original documents of title and there would be negligible
risk of prejudicing the victims of past frauds. If this proposal is accepted,
section 110 could also be amended to permit entries relating to past members
to be destroyed after thirty years.

[emphasis added]

22 The proposal was not implemented in England, but was taken up in Singapore
in the Companies Bill No. 58/1966, in cl 162(4), which is identical to the
current s 194(4) set out in [7]. The bill acknowledged its lineage to the
report of the Jenkins Committee in the Explanatory Statement to the bill -

Clause 162 gives the Court extensive power to rectify share registers.
Subsection (4) is a new provision which has been recommended by the Jenkins
Committee, whereby no application for the rectification of a register in
respect of an entry made more than 30 years before the date of the application
will be entertained.

23 The bill was enacted as the Companies Act 1967 with cl 162(4) becoming s
162(4), and when the current Companies Act replaced the Companies Act 1967 in
2006, s 162(4) was retained and re-numbered s 194(4).

24 This short review shows the intention and reason to protect entries which
have been in a company register for more than 30 years from challenge. Should
the inherent power of the court be used to enable the Plaintiffs to pursue
their late challenge to the 2nd Defendant’s position as a member in the
company, which is prohibited by s 194(4)? A reference to other applications to
a court to invoke the courts’ inherent powers to deviate from rules of court
and statutory provisions offers useful guidance.

25 In _Chinese Chamber Realty Pte Ltd and others v Samsung Corp_ [2003] 3
SLR(R) 656, the plaintiffs wanted to apply for summary judgment against the
defendant before the latter had filed its defence, contrary to the procedure
set down in Order 14, ROC. (The defendant did not file its defence because it
had applied to stay the action for the matter to be referred for arbitration).
An assistant registrar gave the plaintiffs leave to apply for summary judgment
without the defence. On the defendant’s appeal, a judge disapproved of the
assistant’s registrar order, and stated at [14] that:

The court undoubtedly has inherent powers to make such orders as may be
necessary to prevent injustice or to prevent an abuse of the process of the
court. However, where a matter of procedure is covered by the Rules of Court
and those rules are clear, the court should be most circumspect in declining
to follow those rules. Failure to follow the clear directions in the rules is
tantamount to the court re-writing the rules to fit the “justice” of each
case. Such an approach will introduce uncertainty into court procedures and is
undesirable.

He ordered the defendant to file its defence despite the pending stay
application, with the caveat that the filing of the defence would not be
construed as a step in the proceedings, and that the applications for summary
judgment and stay were to be heard together.

26 When the matter went on further appeal to the Court of Appeal in _Samsung
Corp v Chinese Chamber Realty Pte Ltd and others_ [2004] 1 SLR(R) 382, the
order on the application for summary judgment was set aside. Chao Hick Tin JA
who delivered the judgment of the Court stated at [12]:

We endorse the views of the judge that generally where the Rules of Court have
expressly provided what can or cannot be done in a certain circumstance, it is
not for the court to override the clear provision in exercise of its inherent
powers

and went on to hold at [16] that there were no compelling circumstances which
required the court to invoke its inherent powers.

27 In _Tan Ah Thee and another (administrators of the estate of Tan Kiam Poh
(alias Tan Gna Chua), deceased) v Lim Soo Foong_ [2009] 3 SLR(R) 957 it was
argued that the court has the jurisdiction to declare a marriage void although
it fell outside of s 105 of the Women’s Charter in which all the grounds on
which a marriage is void are set out. That was rejected by Judith Prakash J
who held at [38] that “it is clear that the jurisdiction of the court cannot
be used to override a statutory rule that deals with the exact situation at
hand, except, perhaps, in the most exceptional cases”.

28 In _Tan Poh Beng v Choo Lee Mei_ [2014] 4 SLR 462, the plaintiff sought to
enforce a Malaysian order of court on the division of a matrimonial property
in Singapore, although there are no enabling provisions which allow for that,
and sought to invoke the courts’ inherent powers. Edmund Leow JC found at [28]
that “there is compelling evidence to show that Parliament was well aware of
the lack of legal avenues to enforce foreign ancillary orders for the division
of property in Singapore, but chose _not_ to pass legislation to enable their
enforcement here” and at [26] that “… I am precluded from exercising this
court’s inherent powers to fill in a lacuna in the law _that was deliberately
left there by the Legislature_ ” [emphasis in original].

29 The Plaintiffs are seeking the court’s assistance to circumvent a clear
provision of the law that applications to rectify entries more than 30 years
old shall not be entertained. No special or exceptional circumstances have
been shown which would persuade a court to invoke its inherent powers and to
ensure that justice is done. To the contrary, there are countervailing
factors. The Plaintiffs knew that the 2nd Defendant was a member when they
became members themselves. Their grievance is that the 2nd Defendant had
persistently disregarded their interests as minority shareholders, but instead
of filing an oppression action or other action in court, prove its case, and
seek the appropriate relief and redress, they want the court to help them to
get around s 194(4) and remove the 2nd Defendant from the company altogether,
without having to allege or prove any wrongdoing. No reasonable person would
say that justice requires the court to use its inherent powers to enable the
Plaintiffs to do that.

30 It does not mean that s 194(4) extinguishes the possibility of a court
exercising its inherent power in all cases. There can be exceptional cases.
If, in this case, the parties had made an agreement supported by consideration
to a rectification, and one party reneges on the agreement and refuses to
proceed with the rectification after receiving the consideration, the inherent
power of the court may be invoked to do justice for the aggrieved party.

31 The Plaintiffs also relied on a contractual basis for their application to
rectify, in that they have a contractual right to enforce the articles of
memorandum of a company, a right separate and distinct from s 194. [note: 6]
There is a fallacy in this argument. While the articles of memorandum can act
as a contract between a company and its shareholders, that contract does not
stand alone, as all contracts have to conform and comply with the governing
law. The contract arising out of Article 6 must be subject to s 194(4), with
the result that there is no contractual right to remove the 2nd Defendant as a
member of Lee Brothers.

Conclusion

32 Having found that the inherent powers of the court should not be invoked to
override s 194(4), I have to determine how that finding affects the
Plaintiffs’ prayers set out in [5]. I will start with the more obvious ones.
Prayers 2, 3 and 4 fall clearly within the ambit of s 194(4), and prayer 5 as
well, as it is dependent on and consequential to those prayers. Prayer 1 is
outside of the scope of s194(4) because it seeks a declaration on matters of
the future, that the members of Lee Brothers _shall_ be restricted to natural
persons , and does not seek any rectification. The question is whether the
Defendants need such a declaration. It is neither relevant nor necessary to
the dispute between the Plaintiffs and the Defendants. There has been no
disagreement that the members of Lee Brothers shall be restricted to natural
persons, and a declaration in those terms is unnecessary and of no assistance
to the Plaintiffs for removing the 2nd Defendant from the register. This
prayer is frivolous and is an abuse of the process of court. Prayers 6 and 7
have no purpose or basis without the preceding prayers. In the circumstances
all the prayers are liable to be struck out.

33 I allow the Defendants’ appeals and set aside the Assistant Registrar’s
orders, including the orders on costs, and I order that the Plaintiffs’
originating summons be struck out. The Defendants are to have the costs of the
appeals here and below, as well as reasonable disbursements, to be taxed if
not agreed.

* * *

[note: 1]Affidavit of Lee Siew Ngug filed 29 May 2014, paras 16, 17 18 & 20

[note: 2]Notes of Hearing, page 5 ll13-15

[note: 3]Plaintiffs’ Skeletal Submissions para 13

[note: 4]Plaintiffs’ Skeletal Submissions para 32

[note: 5]Plaintiffs’ Skeletal Submissions para 35

[note: 6]Plaintiffs’ Skeletal Submissions para 28

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 23 Apr 2015 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

