Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  APE _v_ APF  
[2015] SGCA 47

Case Number| :| Civil Appeal No 186 of 2014  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 09 September 2015  
Tribunal/Court| :| Court of Appeal  
Coram| :|  Chao Hick Tin JA; Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA; Judith Prakash J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Koh Tien Hua, Adriene Cheong, Michelle Ng and Thian Wen
Yi (Harry Elias Partnership LLP) for the appellant; Sim Bock Eng, Chan Yu Xin
and Hazell Ng Li Phin (WongPartnership LLP) for the respondent.  
Parties| :|  APE — APF  
  
[LawNet Editorial Note: This was an appeal from the decision of the High Court
in [2015] SGHC 17.]

9 September 2015|  
---|---  
  
Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA (delivering the grounds of decision of the court):

Introduction

1 This was an appeal against the decision of the High Court judge (“the
Judge”) in _APE v APF_ [2015] SGHC 17 (“the GD”) dealing with all the
ancillary matters which arose pursuant to the divorce of the appellant Wife
and the respondent Husband. We dismissed the Wife’s appeal. As we stated after
hearing the oral submissions from the respective parties, we found no reason
to interfere with the decision of the Judge on all the issues. We therefore
upheld his decision to: (a) grant joint custody of the only child of the
marriage to both parents; (b) divide the matrimonial home in the ratio of
70:30 in favour of the Wife; (c) award a monthly sum of $1,500 in respect of
maintenance to the child to be borne equally by both parents; and (d) preserve
the Wife’s legal right to future maintenance.

2 However, we found it necessary to make one clarification pertaining to the
last-mentioned issue of maintenance to the Wife. Specifically, our concern
centred on the Judge’s decision to make “no order” on her application for
maintenance instead of an order for nominal maintenance. In doing so, he was
of the view that such an order would _not preclude_ the Wife from applying for
maintenance in the future should there be a need to do so. As we shall
elaborate upon below, an order to the effect that there was “no order” did
_not_ , with respect, have the legal effect which the Judge thought it did.
Indeed, such an order would have the _opposite_ legal effect which the Judge
intended it to have. Put simply an order to the effect that there was “no
order” would, as we explain below, have resulted in a _rejection_ of the
Wife’s application for maintenance and would have therefore _precluded_ her
from applying for maintenance should such a need to do so arise in the future.
As we were of the view (_like the Judge_) that the Wife should be afforded the
opportunity to apply for maintenance in the future should there be a need to
do so, we ordered, instead, that there would be nominal maintenance of $1 per
year for the Wife. In summary, we did not differ – in _substantive result_ –
from the order the Judge had made in this particular regard. However, we
differed from him inasmuch as the _legal mechanism_ which he adopted was, with
respect, the incorrect one. In so holding, we reaffirm the decision of this
court in _Tan Bee Giok v Loh Kum Yong_ [1996] 3 SLR(R) 605 (“ _Tan Bee Giok
(CA)_ ”).

3 What follows is a brief elaboration of the legal proposition made above,
_viz_ , that the correct order to be made if a wife’s legal right to
maintenance is sought to be preserved is not an order of “no order” but,
instead, one for nominal maintenance.

The correct order to be made in a situation where a wife’s legal right to
maintenance is sought to be preserved

4 It might be apposite to begin with the Judge’s own observations as well as
approach in the present case, which are encapsulated within the following
paragraphs of the GD (at [39]–[41]):

39 On the issue of maintenance of the wife, the wife submitted that all she
wanted was a nominal sum of $1 in order to preserve her rights in the event
anything untoward happens to her in the future. The wife referred to _Tan Bee
Giok v Loh Kum Yong_ [1996] 3 SLR(R) 605 (“ _Tan Bee Giok_ ”) in which the
Court of Appeal held that the court could not vary the maintenance order under
s 112 of the Women’s Charter (Cap 353, 1985 Rev Ed) (now s 118 of the present
WC) if there was no subsisting order for maintenance. The husband submitted
that she should get no maintenance.

40 Given that the wife was earning a good salary and she only wanted nominal
maintenance to preserve her right for maintenance in the future should the
need arise, I decided for pragmatic reasons that it was not necessary to order
nominal maintenance merely to preserve her rights to maintenance in future. To
achieve this end, I indicated that this would not preclude her from applying
for maintenance in the future should there be a need for her to do so. Thus I
made no order as regards her maintenance. I am aware that the Court of Appeal
in _Tan Bee Giok_ made the following observations (at [15]):

If an application for maintenance is dismissed as in this case, there is no
_subsisting_ order for maintenance for the court to vary and s 112 has no
application. A pre-condition to the operation of s 112 is the existence of a
maintenance order: see _Mills v Mills_ [1940] P 124 and _Stephen v Stephen_
[1931] P 197. Consequently, if the order below stands the wife will be
precluded forever from applying to court for maintenance. Thus, to retain the
wife’s right to maintenance in the future, a nominal order should have been
made so that an application may be made subsequently to invoke the
jurisdiction of the court to vary the maintenance order.

41 In that case, the court below dismissed the wife’s application for
maintenance as she had the financial resources. This caused the Court of
Appeal to hold that in the future the court could not vary the maintenance
order under s 112 of the Women’s Charter (Cap 353, 1985 Rev Ed) as there was
no subsisting order for maintenance to vary. In the instant case, should the
wife require maintenance in the future, she can apply for a fresh maintenance
order under s 113 of the present WC and not a variation of a maintenance
order. Hence her right to maintenance had been preserved and _Tan Bee Giok_
was not applicable as I did not dismiss her application for maintenance and
merely made no order for maintenance.

5 It will be seen from the observations quoted in the preceding paragraph that
the Judge had, with respect, missed a crucial point in _Tan Bee Giok (CA)_.
Whilst he correctly pointed out that, on the _facts_ of that case, the court
could not vary the maintenance order in favour of the wife simply because
there was no subsisting order for maintenance to vary, he had, with respect,
missed the further observation by this court in _Tan Bee Giok (CA)_ to the
effect that if a court wished to preserve the wife’s legal right to
maintenance for the future, then the correct order to make would be one for
_nominal maintenance_. This was the (normative) proposition which would apply
in _future_ cases where the court is of the view that a wife’s legal right to
maintenance ought to be preserved. _Correlatively_ , an order _rejecting_ the
wife’s application for maintenance would, as this court also pointed out in
_Tan Bee Giok (CA)_ , entail the wife being “ _precluded forever_ from
applying to court for maintenance” (at [15]) [emphasis added]. At this
particular juncture, it would, in our view, be apposite to set out the
relevant observations by this court in _Tan Bee Giok (CA)_ in full as follows
(at [13]–[15]):

13 **_The learned judge_** **__refused__** **_to award_** to the wife any
maintenance and his main reason was that there was evidence showing that the
wife has financial resources. He said ([11] _supra_ at [27]):

There was evidence to show that after leaving the marriage she lived in a
rented flat and owned a luxury car. There were entries in her bank statements
showing that she received a total amount of some $500,000 during the last four
years. She did not voluntarily reveal the receipt of the funds. After she was
compelled to reveal them she gave no satisfactory explanation of the source of
the moneys. She said she had borrowed moneys but offered no proof that they
were loans. It appeared to be an effort to deliberately conceal her resources.
I therefore hold that she failed to make out her case for maintenance by her
former husband. She, of course, is not precluded from making a fresh
application should there be radical change in the circumstances in the future.

14 **__It was pointed out by counsel for the wife__** _that the learned judge_
**__was wrong__** **_in saying that the wife_** **__could subsequently make an
application for maintenance should there be a material change in the
circumstances__** **_._** **__We agree with counsel entirely__** **_._**
Section 107 of the Women’s Charter provides that the court “may order a man to
pay maintenance to his wife or former wife … when granting or subsequent to
the grant of a decree of divorce, judicial separation or nullity of marriage.”
In this case, the wife’s application for maintenance was heard and an order
was made **__refusing__** her any maintenance, and that order disposed of her
application entirely. **__She is not entitled thereafter to make a fresh
application__**** _._** The provision that enables a husband or a wife to come
to court again on the issue of maintenance is s 112 of the Women’s Charter
which provides:

The court may at any time vary or rescind any subsisting order for
maintenance, whether secured or unsecured, on the application of the person in
whose favour or of the person against whom the order was made, or, in respect
of secured maintenance, of the legal personal representatives of the latter,
where it is satisfied that the order was based on any misrepresentation or
mistake of fact or where there has been any material change in the
circumstances.

15 **_If_** an application for maintenance is **__dismissed__**** _as in this
case_** , there is **_no_** _subsisting_ order for maintenance for the court
to vary and s 112 has no application. A pre-condition to the operation of s
112 is the existence of a maintenance order: see _Mills v Mills_ [1940] P 124
and _Stephen v Stephen_ [1931] P 197. **__Consequently, if the order below
stands the wife will be precluded forever from applying to court for
maintenance__**. **__Thus__** , **__to retain__**** _the wife’s right to
maintenance in the future_** , **__a nominal order__**** _should have been
made so that an application may be made subsequently to invoke the
jurisdiction of the court to vary the maintenance order._**

[emphasis in italics in original; emphasis added in bold italics and
underlined bold italics]

6 We have set out the relevant observations in _Tan Bee Giok (CA)_ in full
because it is important, in our view, to note the _context_ in which they were
made. In particular, these observations were made in relation to the _refusal_
by the trial judge to grant the wife’s application for maintenance (see _Tan
Bee Giok v Loh Kum Yong_ [1996] 1 SLR(R) 130). Put simply, he had _rejected_
the wife’s application and, _more importantly_ , the _legal effect or result_
of that rejection (in _this court’s_ view on appeal) was that the wife
concerned was “precluded forever” from applying to court for maintenance (see
_Tan Bee Giok (CA)_ at [15]; see also at [14]). **_This was precisely why this
court in_****Tan Bee Giok (CA)****_was at pains to emphasise that, if the
court concerned was minded to_**** __preserve__**** _a wife’s right to
maintenance in the future, it should make_**** __an order for nominal
maintenance__**** _instead_****.** However, the Judge in the present case
decided _not_ to make an order for nominal maintenance but made **_no order_**
on the Wife’s application for maintenance _instead_. He was of the view that
such an order did not preclude the Wife from making an application to the
court for maintenance in the future should the need arise. **_Put simply, what
the Judge was doing, in_**** __substance__**** _, was to_**** __equate__****
_the_**** __legal effect or result__**** _of an order for nominal maintenance
with that for an order that there be no order on an application for
maintenance. With respect, we_**** __disagree__****.** Let us elaborate.

7 An order for _nominal_ maintenance, _by its very terms_ , _clearly
preserves_ a wife’s right to apply for a variation of that maintenance order
in the _future_ should the need arise because there has been a material change
in the circumstances.

8 In **_contrast_** , an order that there be _no order_ on a wife’s
application for maintenance is, in _substance_ , a **__rejection__** of that
application itself. Put simply, an order that there be no order on an
application for maintenance must necessarily constitute _a decision_ on that
application and cannot, instead, be an order that puts everything in limbo or
which “suspends” final judgment on the application, so to speak. That this is
indeed the case was recently laid down by this court in _Sinwa SS (HK) Co Ltd
v Nordic International Ltd and another_ [2015] 2 SLR 54 (“ _Sinwa (CA)_ ”).
Although the context was slightly different, the point of _general principle_
is _equally applicable_ to the present case. In that case, the trial judge had
decided that there be “no order” on a summary judgment application filed by
the appellant (see _Sinwa SS (HK) Co Ltd v Nordic International Ltd and
others_ [2014] SGHC 132). In summary, this court held, on appeal, in _Sinwa
(CA)_ , first, that it was possible for a court hearing a summary judgment
application to make “no order” on the application under the Rules of Court
(Cap 322, R 5, 2014 Rev Ed) and, secondly, that there was no right of appeal
to the Court of Appeal against such an order under the Supreme Court of
Judicature Act (Cap 322, 2007 Rev Ed). _However_ (and in relation to the
second point just mentioned), this court was clear that, but for the fact that
there was no right of appeal to the Court of Appeal under the relevant
legislation, an order to the effect that there was to be “no order” could
itself have constituted an “order” from which an appeal was possible because
such an order was a _disallowance or rejection_ of the application concerned.
Steven Chong J, who delivered the grounds of decision of the court, observed
thus (at [41]):

Second, we respectfully disagree with the Judge’s statement that there was no
order from which the Appellant could appeal (at [10] of the GD ([21]
_supra_)). The Judge’s decision to make no order on the Appellant’s
application for summary judgment itself constituted an “order” from which the
Appellant could appeal. In the same way that an order of “no order” had legal
effect from the date it was made, it must equally be capable of being the
subject matter of an appeal provided that the right of appeal is available.
This point was dealt with in _Tohru Motobayashi_ at [15] where this court held
that the effect of “no order” made by the Judicial Commissioner below was that
he had disallowed the application and there was no reason why an appeal did
not lie from this part of the order. There is no right of appeal from the
Judge’s decision in making “no order” in respect of the Appellant’s summary
judgment application, not because there is no order from which to appeal, but
because such an order, on a purposive interpretation, is caught by s
34(1)(_a_) and para (_a_) of the Fourth Schedule to the SCJA, which provides
that certain orders made are non-appealable to the Court of Appeal.

9 For the avoidance of doubt, we would like to consider briefly two recent
local High Court cases where certain views were expressed (albeit in _obiter
dicta_) which do not, in our respectful view, represent the correct legal
position in so far as this particular issue is concerned.

10 The first is the decision of _ANJ v ANK_ [2014] SGHC 189 (“ _ANJ (HC)_ ”).
Although this decision in fact applied _Tan Bee Giok (CA)_ in granting nominal
maintenance, the judge did nevertheless proceed to observe (at [30]) that
“[w]hile I accept that it is not logical to maintain a distinction between nil
maintenance and $1 maintenance a month, the said Court of Appeal decision [in
_Tan Bee Giok (CA)_] appears to be good law still”. As we have already noted
above, _Tan Bee Giok (CA)_ is indeed good law. We also explained that it is
undergirded by _a substantive conceptual and principled basis_ which goes
beyond the mere (and literal) figures. In this regard, we would observe for
completeness that, on appeal of _ANJ (HC)_ to this court, the judge’s order
granting nominal maintenance to the wife was also not interfered with (see
_ANJ v ANK_ [2015] SGCA 34 (“ _ANJ (CA)_ ”) at [44]). Implicit in that
decision, therefore, was that the court in _ANJ (CA)_ continued (as we do) to
regard _Tan Bee Giok (CA)_ as still being good law.

11 The second decision is _ADB v ADC_ [2014] SGHC 76 (“ _ADB”_). The judge
there dismissed the wife’s claim for maintenance for herself by making “no
order for maintenance” which, he explained, had the effect of disallowing her
from ever seeking maintenance from the husband (at [9]). However, it is
important for present purposes to note that the judge also observed in _obiter
dicta_ that if, instead, it was thought necessary to preserve a wife’s right
to maintenance in the future, then the appropriate order to make was an order
that there be “no maintenance for the time being with liberty to apply”(at
[8]):

In some cases, courts have awarded a token $1 monthly maintenance, presumably
with a view to “preserve” the wife’s right to maintenance. In my view, this
token gesture is unnecessary because s 118 of the Women’s Charter (Cap 353,
2009 Rev Ed) permits the wife (and husband) to apply for a variation or
rescission of the maintenance order at any time. **_Thus, an order that there
be_**** __no maintenance for the time being with liberty to apply__**** _would
have sufficed to preserve the parties’ rights._** In any event, should it be
thought that technically a token sum should be awarded (in case a husband
should subsequently argue that the court cannot vary a “0” sum), then it
becomes important to appreciate the distinction between an order for no
maintenance and one for no maintenance but with liberty to apply. Not only
does s 118 refer to a variation of the maintenance order and not the
maintenance sum, but even in terms of mathematics, a “0” is also a number.
[emphasis added in bold italics and underlined bold italics]

12 With respect, the observations quoted in the preceding paragraph centre,
once again, upon the mere (and literal) figures. The formula suggested (that
there be an order for no maintenance but with liberty to apply) is also
somewhat cumbersome. More importantly, however, and in avoiding the danger of
the literalness just referred to, this particular formula appears to comprise
two limbs. The first is, in substance, an order that there be “no order” with
regard to a wife’s application for maintenance. As we have already elaborated
upon above, such an order is, in substance as well as effect, a _rejection or
disallowance_ of the wife’s application, thus _precluding her from ever
claiming maintenance again_. In _those_ circumstances, the second limb (which
is a liberty to apply) would _have nothing to apply to_. This is because it is
settled law that the “liberty to apply” order is only intended to _supplement_
the main orders of the court in form and convenience so that the main orders
may be carried out and may not be used to _vary_ the order of the court (see
the local High Court decision of _Anwar Siraj and another v Teo Hee Lai
Building Construction Pte Ltd_ [2014] 1 SLR 52 at [47] and the cases cited
therein). In other words, because the “liberty to apply” proviso seeks only to
enable the working out of the main orders of the court, it is necessarily
devoid of any meaning and effect when there is, in substance, no main order
from which reference can be taken in the first place. However, that, as we
have explained, is precisely the effect of the first limb in the formula
proposed in _ADB_.

Conclusion

13 For the reasons set out above (and, in particular, having regard to the
recent decision of this court in _Sinwa (CA)_), it is clear that, in order to
preserve a wife’s right to apply for maintenance to the court in the future,
an order of _nominal maintenance_ is required. In this regard, an order that
there be “no order” will not suffice as it is, in substance, a rejection or
disallowance of the Wife’s application for maintenance which would – as stated
by this court in _Tan Bee Giok (CA) –_ prevent the Wife from ever applying for
maintenance thereafter.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 09 Sep 2015 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

