Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Public Prosecutor _v_ Chairul  
[2015] SGHC 281

Case Number| :| Criminal Case No 43 of 2014  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 27 October 2015  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Lee Seiu Kin J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Tai Wei Shyong, Tan Wen Hsien and Tan Si En (Attorney-
General's Chambers) for the prosecution; Mohamed Muzammil Bin Mohamed (M/s
Muzammil & Co) and Lam Wai Seng (M/s Lam W S & Co) for the accused.  
Parties| :|  Public Prosecutor — Chairul  
  
27 October 2015|  
---|---  
  
Lee Seiu Kin J:

1 The accused is a 35 year-old Indonesian man. On 20 October 2015, I convicted
him under s 7 of the Misuse of Drugs Act (Cap 185, 2008 Rev Ed) (“the MDA”)
for importing 2,781.5g of methamphetamine, a “Class A” controlled drug under
the First Schedule of the MDA. While the offence carried the punishment of
death, I found that the requirements under s 33B(2) of the MDA were made out.
Accordingly, I exercised my discretion under s 33B(1)(_a_) and sentenced him
to life imprisonment and 15 strokes of the cane. These are the grounds of my
decision.

The prosecution’s case

2 The accused arrived in Singapore on 26 September 2012 on flight SQ 407,
which he had boarded at New Delhi, India. He carried with him his personal
belongings and a luggage bag. Upon his arrival at Changi Airport Terminal 3,
he was directed to have the luggage bag screened by an X-ray machine, and it
was through the X-ray screening that the officers of the Immigration &
Checkpoints Authority noticed anomalies in the linings of the luggage bag.
Upon dismantling the luggage bag, it was found to contain three brown packages
containing 5,101g of a crystalline substance. This substance was subsequently
analysed by the Health Sciences Authority and found to contain 2,781.5g of
methamphetamine.

3 The prosecution also sought to rely on the accused’s statements to the
investigating authorities, all of which were inculpatory in nature. A total of
11 statements were taken from the accused:

(a) One contemporaneous statement that was taken from the accused at the scene
of the incident.

(b) One statement that was given in response to the accused’s notification of
what were then proposed amendments to the MDA.

(c) One statement recorded pursuant to s 23 of the Criminal Procedure Code
(Cap 68, 2012 Rev Ed) (“CPC”).

(d) Eight statements recorded under s 22 of the CPC.

4 The admissibility and the content of these statements were not challenged by
the accused. His account of events, as given in these statements (and indeed,
on the stand), did not waver in any material sense. At the time of his arrest,
his second wife, Ayu, was carrying their second child. He also has a child
from his first wife.

5 The accused had been working in Surabaya as a freelance agent for people who
wanted to apply for passports from 2000 to 2011. In February 2011, he met an
Indonesian woman whom he knew as “Vivian” and had come to him to have her
passport made. They soon became both friends and business partners, and she
would regular refer to him customers who needed passports to be made. One of
these customers was a woman whom he knew by the name of “Sherly”, who told him
that she had been recruited by Vivian to transport drugs from Malaysia into
Indonesia. In particular, he was told by Sherly that the drug she transported
was “shabu”, which was the Indonesian term for methamphetamine. He verified
this with Vivian, who confirmed Sherly’s account. However, he ceased working
as a freelance agent soon after as he got into trouble with the immigration
authorities and was unable to find employment from around the middle of 2011
to September 2012. This left his family without a regular source of income.

6 Sometime in August 2012, Vivian approached the accused, asking if he were
interested in transporting drugs between countries for payment. Despite
knowing the risks involved, he agreed and was told by Vivian that he would be
travelling to Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia (“KL”) to meet with an African man known
to him as “Boss”. He was also informed that he would be travelling from KL to
New Delhi, then to Singapore and finally back to KL. More instructions would
be given to him along the journey and Vivian would attend to his flight
arrangements. He was given 1.7 million rupiah by an associate of Vivian known
to him as “Lyla”, and told he would be given between US$2,000 and US$3,000
upon successful completion of his delivery.

7 When he arrived at KL, he met with several men, one of whom he believed to
be Boss. He was then given US$600 and a flight ticket, and was instructed by
Vivian to travel to Calcutta and from there, to New Delhi. Again, he followed
Vivian’s instructions dutifully, regularly calling her to ensure that he was
adhering to them. Finally, on 25 September 2012, days after he arrived in New
Delhi, he was brought to a three-storey house by two men of African descent.
He was given a ticket for his flight to Singapore that was scheduled to depart
that very night, and was also handed money, the luggage bag that was found to
contain the drugs, and the keys to a small green lock with which the luggage
bag was secured. The luggage bag was taken by one of the African men from a
bedroom of the house. Although he was not told what the bag contained, he
understood that there were illegal drugs in it. He knew that he was to bring
the luggage bag to Singapore and subsequently, to Malaysia. He was then called
a taxi that brought him back to his hotel to fetch his belongings and
thereafter, to the airport where he boarded flight SQ407.

8 The accused’s statements were corroborated by statements taken from Vivian
and Lyla, who were serving their imprisonment term in Indonesia at the time of
the hearings. These were admitted without any objections from the accused.

The accused’s defence

9 The accused was the sole witness for the defence. He largely rehashed the
facts set out above while giving his evidence in court, save for one
additional detail. He stated that the man who had handed him the luggage bag
had also opened it slightly, and that he could only see that it contained
clothing before the bag was locked. This forms the basis of his only defence –
that he did not know the specific nature of the drugs that were in the luggage
bag. It was not disputed that the _actus reus_ element of the offence set out
under s 7 of the MDA was satisfied by his act of bringing the luggage bag
containing the drugs onto Singaporean shores.

Whether the accused knew the specific nature of the drugs

10 Given that the drugs were found in the luggage bag that was in the
accused’s possession, it was not seriously contended that the drugs that were
found in it were not legally in his possession. Nor would such an argument
have succeeded; there was nothing to rebut the presumption arising under s
18(1) of the MDA in the present case. By operation of s 18(2) of the MDA, the
accused was also presumed to know the nature of the drug, _ie_ ,
methamphetamine. The question that fell to be determined was therefore whether
that presumption had been rebutted. The principles governing the rebuttal of
this presumption were stated concisely by the Court of Appeal in _Muhammad
Ridzuan bin Md Ali v Public Prosecutor and other matters_ [2014] 3 SLR 721 (“
_Muhammad Ridzuan_ ”) at [75]:

75 In order to rebut the presumption of knowledge under s 18(2) of the MDA, an
accused person has to adduce sufficient evidence to demonstrate, on a balance
of probabilities, that he or she did not know the nature of the drug, _ie_ ,
the actual controlled drug proven or presumed to be in the accused person’s
possession: see _Nagaenthran_ (at [31]). In _Dinesh Pillai_ , this court
further refined the principles applicable to the rebuttal of the presumption
of knowledge (at [18]):

… As s 18(2) has been triggered in the present case, the appellant bears the
burden of proving on a balance of probabilities that he did not know _or could
not reasonably be expected to have known_ the nature of the controlled drug
that was found inside the Brown Packet. … [emphasis added]

[emphasis in original]

11 The accused’s evidence, consistent with his statements to the investigating
authorities, was that he did not actually know the specific nature and
quantity of the drugs in the luggage bag. He pointed to the fact that there
was nothing to indicate that he had been told that he would be carrying
methamphetamine. That, essentially, was the only evidence he gave to rebut the
presumption. Weighing the evidence before me, I found on a balance of
probability that the accused had not rebutted the presumption. My reasons are
as follows.

12 First, the accused highlighted that he had not seen anything in the luggage
bag other than the clothing, and that the drugs were well-concealed. Even if I
had accepted his evidence in relation to these matters, they were of little
assistance to the accused. He had been specifically told by Vivian that he
would be transporting drugs between countries and undertook the assignment
despite having been warned of the risks. Therefore, whether the drugs were
concealed or unseen by him was irrelevant. As set out above at [7], he had
known when the luggage bag was passed to him that it contained illegal drugs.
He was only not told what drug he was transporting.

13 Second, not only had the accused known that the luggage bag contained
illegal drugs, there were ample grounds for him to suspect that it had in fact
contained “shabu”. In particular, his conversation with Sherly would have
alerted him to the fact that Vivian had been recruiting people to transport
“shabu” and as the prosecution submitted, there was nothing that would have
led him to think he had been recruited to transport a different drug. This was
not disputed by the accused during cross-examination:

QYes. And if you read on:

[Reads] “Sherly is actually recruited by Vivian to carry ‘Shabu’ from Malaysia
into Indonesia…”

AYes.

QYes. Now, at the time when Sherly mentioned this to you, you knew that Shabu
was an illegal drug?

AYes.

QAnd of course, now you know that Shabu is the same thing as Ice which you
were arrested in---arrested with, sorry.

AYes.

QRight. Did Sherly mention any other illegal drugs which she dealt with on
Vivian’s behalf?

AI cannot recall.

QOkay. So as far as you recall, all you know is that Vivian would recruit
people to carry Shabu for her, as at that point in time?

AYes.

14 Third, the accused had displayed no interest in finding out the nature of
the drugs he carried. He was interested only in completing the assignment and
receiving payment. He was prepared to transport whatever was put in the bag.
He conceded that he had plenty of opportunities to do so but had no interest
in finding out the nature of the drugs, simply because it made no difference
to him – he would have proceeded to complete his assignment in any case:

QOkay. From the time you collected the bag in Delhi up to the time of your
arrest, you had several opportunities to open the bag and check its contents.

AYes.

QBut you chose not to.

AYes.

QOkay. Because you wanted to finish the job---

AYes.

Q\---bring the drugs to Malaysia---

AYes.

Q\--and collect your money.

AYes.

QAnd it did not matter to you how much drugs the luggage bag contained.

AYes.

15 Fourth, the facts of the present case were clearly distinguishable from
that of _Khor Soon Lee v Public Prosecutor_ [2011] 3 SLR 201 and _Public
Prosecutor v Mas Swan bin Adnan and another appeal_ [2012] 3 SLR 527, in which
the accused persons were ultimately convicted on amended charges of attempting
to import drugs. This was because they were found to have believed that they
were transporting a drug other than what was actually in their possession. The
accused here held no such belief or indeed, any reasonable basis for such a
belief. At best, he was merely indifferent to what he had been transporting.

16 I therefore found the accused guilty as charged and convicted him of the
offence under s 7 of the MDA.

The sentence

17 As set out in s 33 read with the Second Schedule of the MDA, the offence of
importing more than 250g of methamphetamine carries with it the ultimate
punishment of death. Nevertheless, the prosecution accepted that the
conditions in s 33B(2) of the MDA were satisfied. It certified that the
accused had substantively assisted the Central Narcotics Bureau in disrupting
drug trafficking activities within or outside Singapore, and that his
involvement in the offence was restricted to the transportation, sending or
delivery of the drugs in question.

18 On my part, I found that the role of the accused in the commission of this
offence was restricted to that of a courier (_ie_ , his involvement was
restricted to the acts set out in s 33B(2)(_a_) of the MDA). As the facts
show, the accused’s involvement did not go beyond the collection and
transportation of the drugs, merely following instructions as and when they
were given to him. It was therefore open to me to sentence the accused to life
imprisonment and caning of no less than 15 strokes in lieu of death in the
exercise of my discretion, and I saw nothing that warranted the imposition of
the death penalty or additional strokes of the cane above the statutory
minimum. Accordingly, I sentenced the accused to imprisonment for life,
commencing from his date of arrest on 26 September 2012, and to 15 strokes of
the cane.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 27 Oct 2015 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

