Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  ANB _v_ ANC and another and another matter  
[2015] SGCA 43

Case Number| :| Civil Appeal No 115 of 2014 and Summons No 3690 of 2014  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 21 August 2015  
Tribunal/Court| :| Court of Appeal  
Coram| :|  Sundaresh Menon CJ; Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA; Tay Yong Kwang J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Edmund Kronenburg and Lynette Zheng (Braddell Brothers
LLP) for the appellant; S Suressh, Sunil Nair, Nicklaus Tan, Thian Wen Yi
(Harry Elias Partnership LLP) for the respondents; Randolph Khoo (Drew &
Napier LLC) on watching brief; Joseph Lee and Lim Xiu Zhen (Rodyk & Davidson
LLP) on watching brief.  
Parties| :|  ANB — ANC — AND  
  
[LawNet Editorial Note: The decision from which this appeal arose is reported
at [2014] 4 SLR 747.]

21 August 2015|  
---|---  
  
Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA (delivering the grounds of decision of the court):

Introduction

1 This was an appeal against the decision of the High Court Judge (“the
Judge”) which is reported as _ANB v ANC and another_ [2014] 4 SLR 747 (“the
GD”). At the conclusion of proceedings below, the Judge set aside, _inter
alia_ , an interim injunction previously granted at the _ex parte_ stage in
favour of the Appellant restraining the Respondents from using, disclosing or
destroying certain information in their possession which was extracted from
the hard disk of the Appellant’s personal notebook computer and which the
Appellant alleged was taken, copied and distributed in breach of confidence.
We allowed the appeal and granted an interlocutory injunction on terms and
upon certain undertakings given by the Appellant and the solicitors of both
parties. The full details of the orders made and the undertakings given are
set out in the document titled “Annex A” which is appended to our grounds of
decision.

2 We were informed only recently that the parties had arrived at an amicable
full and final settlement. In the circumstances, and given that the parties
had consented to the discharge of the undertakings mentioned in the preceding
paragraph, this court directed that the undertakings be discharged forthwith
without requiring the parties’ attendance before it. However, given the
importance of the legal issues hitherto raised in the proceedings before us we
are of the view that – in addition to setting out the reasons for our decision
– we should also flag out some of the more salient points that will need to be
considered in more detail when these issues come before the courts for a
definitive ruling in the future.

The facts

3 The Appellant and the 1st Respondent were, at the time the appeal was heard
and decided, husband and wife, respectively. They were also, at that
particular point in time, involved in acrimonious divorce proceedings. They
have two children aged six and eight who were, as noted by the Judge at
various junctures of the GD, unfortunately caught in the acrimonious currents
of the divorce proceedings. The 2nd Respondent was the law firm which
represented the wife. Although there were various circumstances surrounding
the divorce proceedings that were laid down by the Judge in the GD, we
reproduce only the relevant facts that concerned the case before us, _ie_ ,
those surrounding the alleged surreptitious copying of information stored in
the Appellant’s personal notebook computer.

4 It was not disputed that the 1st Respondent had moved out of the matrimonial
home on 26 September 2012 to reside somewhere else. Divorce proceedings were
thereafter commenced by the 1st Respondent on 10 October 2012. The 1st
Respondent then returned to the matrimonial home on 18 December 2012 while the
Appellant was overseas with their two children to find the doors to the
matrimonial home padlocked. She then, on the same day, engaged a locksmith to
unlock the padlock for her to gain entry into the matrimonial home.

5 The 1st Respondent found the Appellant’s personal notebook computer while
she was in the house. She took it from the house and passed it to her private
investigator. The private investigator then, upon the 1st Respondent’s
instructions, proceeded to make copies of files contained in the hard disk
drive. The copied data was saved onto an external hard disk drive by the
private investigator and he passed it to the 1st Respondent who then passed on
the information to the 2nd Respondent for use in the divorce proceedings she
was engaged in with the Appellant. The 1st Respondent also returned the
Appellant’s personal notebook computer to its original location in the
matrimonial home where she had initially found it.

6 The Appellant subsequently discovered the surreptitious copying of the
information from his personal notebook computer when the 1st Respondent
attempted to adduce some of that information as evidence in the divorce
proceedings they were engaged in. He then commenced proceedings claiming,
_inter alia_ , breach of confidence and obtained the interim injunction which
the Judge had discharged in the proceedings below.

The decision of the High Court

7 Aside from the Judge’s views concerning the exclusionary discretion of the
court in civil proceedings which we will, for the reasons given below (at
[10]–[12]), deal with tentatively at a later part of our grounds, the Judge,
in discharging the interim injunction, based his decision on his finding that
there was no serious question as to whether there was a breach of confidence
to be tried. In coming to this conclusion, the Judge provided the following
reasons (see the GD at [66]–[67]):

(a) The information did not possess the necessary quality of confidence and
was different from the sexual affairs of a person – a matter found by Judith
Prakash J to possess the necessary quality of confidence in the Singapore High
Court decision of _X Pte Ltd and another v CDE_ [1992] 2 SLR(R) 575 (“ _X v
CDE_ ”).

(b) The information was not obtained in circumstances importing an obligation
of confidence as the relationship between the husband and wife had already
broken down in the light of the fact that they were living apart.

8 Although his finding that there was no serious question to be tried was a
sufficient ground for discharging the interim injunction, the Judge observed
that the balance of convenience also lay in favour of the Respondents as, in
relation to the information already placed before other courts in the course
of the divorce proceedings, “allowing the [interim] [i]njunction to stand
would be tantamount to interfering with another court’s fact-finding process
and its right to decide on admissibility, relevance and weight” (see the GD at
[72]).

Some words of caution

9 Before we give the detailed grounds for our decision, it is important, in
our view, to state at the outset what this case is – and is not – about.

10 This case is, first and foremost, about _the law of breach of confidence_.
It is _not_ one that turns (at least on the _facts of the present case_) on
_the law of evidence_. Further, this case relates to the granting of an
_interlocutory_ injunction and _not_ a _final_ injunction. Put simply, we
allowed the appeal in the present case on the basis that the test applicable
to the granting of an interlocutory injunction laid down in leading House of
Lords decision of _American Cyanamid Co v Ethicon Ltd_ [1975] AC 396 (“
_American Cyanamid_ ”) was satisfied, since: (a) there was a serious question
– as to whether a breach of confidence was committed – to be tried; and (b)
the balance of convenience lay in favour of granting the interlocutory
injunction.

11 In so far as the need to emphasise the point that this case related to the
law of breach of confidence and not the law of evidence is concerned, we note
at this particular juncture that the Respondents had, in the court below,
focused instead (and wrongly, at least on the facts of the present case) on
the law of evidence. Indeed, in the court below, counsel for the Respondents,
Mr S Suressh, sought to argue that the principal precedent on which the
Appellant had relied on in establishing his case that there had been _a breach
of confidence_ (_viz_ , the English Court of Appeal decision of _Imerman v
Tchenguiz and others_ [2011] Fam 116 (“ _Imerman_ ”)) was _not applicable_ in
the _Singapore_ context because it was, _inter alia_ , _premised on_ a
_different rule of evidence_. In particular, Mr Suressh submitted that
_Imerman_ proceeded on the assumption that the court _could_ refuse to admit
improperly or illegally obtained evidence whereas, by virtue of the decision
of the Court of 3 Judges in _Law Society of Singapore v Tan Guat Neo Phyllis_
[2008] 2 SLR(R) 239 (“ _Phyllis Tan_ ”), the Singapore courts had _no_ similar
discretion to exclude such evidence. However, the Judge noted, in this regard,
that this court had, in the criminal decision of _Muhammad bin Kadar v Public
Prosecutor_ [2011] 3 SLR 1205 (“ _Kadar_ ”), held that a court nevertheless
retained a discretion to exclude improperly or illegally obtained evidence if
the prejudicial effect of that evidence towards a party exceeded its probative
value (hereinafter referred to as “the exclusionary discretion”). The Judge
then proceeded to opine that _the exclusionary discretion_ would _not_ ,
however, be exercised in the context of _civil_ proceedings in most instances
(see the GD at [51]) and (more specifically) in the context of the present
case (see the GD at [52]).

12 While it may be that an interlocutory injunction, if ordered, would
practically prevent the Respondents from tendering the information as evidence
_by copying and distributing the information_ in any other suit _in potential
breach of confidence_ , it must be noted that such an injunction does not
equate to a decision as to the _admissibility of such information as
evidence_. The latter decision will only have to be made if, for example, the
information in the present case was tendered as evidence in support of a suit
and the Appellant objects to its admissibility on the ground that it was being
used in breach of confidence.

13 Further, and with respect, it was by no means clear, in our view, that the
Judge had rendered a correct statement of the relevant legal position as to
the exercise of an exclusionary discretion in the context of civil proceedings
for reasons which we tentatively state below. Our views (set out briefly below
at [27]–[31]) are tentative simply because, as already mentioned, given the
fact that this appeal turned on the law relating to _breach of confidence_
(and whether there was a serious question to be tried in this regard), the law
of evidence was _not even engaged to begin with_ – _at least on the facts of
the present case_. Since the issue of admissibility under the law of evidence
did not even arise, the (further) issue as to whether or not the exclusionary
discretion may also be exercised in civil proceedings (such as the present)
did not, _a fortiori_ , arise.

14 It thus follows from the preceding paragraphs that we did _not_ accept Mr
Suressh’s argument that _Imerman_ is _not_ good law in the Singapore context
in so far as the relevant legal principles concerning breach of confidence
were concerned. Nonetheless, there was _also_** _no_** _need for us to reach
a_** _conclusive_** _decision_ in the present case as to whether the legal
principles enunciated in _Imerman_ , and other associated overseas decisions
concerning the protection of private information in the context of the law of
confidence (which have not been considered by our courts prior to the present
case), should be accepted in Singapore. This leads us to our second caveat –
that this case concerned the granting of an _interlocutory_ injunction, _not_
a _final_ injunction. As stated above, it was sufficient for us to be
satisfied that there was, in the present case, a serious question to be tried
as to whether or not there had been a breach of confidence by the Respondents.
In our view, in conjunction with the live factual disputes, the novel and
difficult question of law as to whether our law of confidence protects, at
least to a certain extent, private information that is surreptitiously
extracted or obtained (as illustrated in cases such as _Imerman_) was to be
properly dealt with at trial (see also the Singapore High Court decision of
_Lim and Tan Securities Pte v Sunbird Pte Ltd_ [1991] 2 SLR(R) 776 at [22],
cited with approval by this court in _Obegi Melissa and others v Vestwin
Trading Pte Ltd and another_ [2008] 2 SLR(R) 540 at [40] (“ _Obegi Melissa_
”)). It was, in the light of this and the fact that the balance of convenience
lay in favour of the Appellant, that we allowed the appeal and granted the
interlocutory injunction on terms and upon certain undertakings.

15 Bearing these caveats in mind, we now proceed to give the detailed grounds
for our decision.

The issues before the court

16 The parties did not dispute the applicable test _vis-à-vis_ the granting of
an interlocutory injunction. In our view, the only issues before this court
were whether:

(a) the Judge was correct in finding that there was no serious question as to
whether there had been a breach of confidence to be tried; and

(b) the Judge was correct in finding that the balance of convenience lay in
favour of the Respondents.

Serious question to be tried

17 In determining whether there was a serious question to be tried, the Judge
below relied on the formulation of the test for breach of confidence set out
in the seminal decision of Megarry J in the English High Court ruling in _Coco
v A N Clark (Engineers) Ltd_ [1969] RPC 41 (“ _Coco_ ”), a decision which has
been cited with approval in various local High Court decisions (see _X v CDE_
at [27]; _PH Hydraulics & Engineering Pte Ltd v Intrepid Offshore Construction
Pte Ltd and another_ [2012] 4 SLR 36 at [55]; and _Clearlab SG Pte Ltd v Ting
Chong Chai and others_ [2015] 1 SLR 163 at [64]). The three elements that must
be established by a plaintiff in a breach of confidence claim, as stated by
Megarry J in _Coco_ (at 47), are that:

(a) the information to be protected must have the necessary quality of
confidence about it;

(b) that information must have been imparted in circumstances importing an
obligation of confidence; and

(c) there must be an unauthorised use of the information to the detriment of
the party who originally communicated it.

18 We did not disagree with the applicability of this test in the context of
what has been described as “old fashioned breach of confidence” cases (see
Paul Stanley, _The Law of Confidentiality: A Restatement_ (Hart Publishing,
2008) (“ _Stanley_ ”) at p 6), _ie_ , cases such as those which involve the
transmission of information between transacting parties in a commercial
context, or even the alleged engagement in an extra-marital affair between a
man and his personal secretary (see _X v CDE_). However, the strict
application of this test in relation to cases such as the one before us that
involved the surreptitious taking of personal information must be viewed with
at least some circumspection – the protection of such private information
having been “shoehorned” into the law of confidence in England, not least
owing to the need (see below at [21]) for the English courts to give effect to
the relevant provisions (and corresponding articles) of the Human Rights Act
1998 (c 42) (UK) (“the HRA”) (see _per_ Lord Phillips of Worth Matravers MR
(as he then was) in the English Court of Appeal decision of _Douglas and
others v Hello! Ltd and others (No 3)_ [2006] QB 125 at [96]). The HRA is, of
course, not law in the Singapore context (see also below at [21]).

19 We thus disagreed with the Judge’s rigid application of the test in _Coco_
to the facts of this case in dealing with whether there was a serious question
of a breach of confidence to be tried. In doing so, the Judge failed to
consider English (and other) jurisprudence which has, under the
confidentiality _genus_ , developed “different features” for cases involving
the protection of private information in contrast to the “old fashioned breach
of confidence” cases (see _Imerman_ at [67]). For example, rather than asking
whether the information possessed the necessary quality of confidence and
whether that information was imparted in circumstances importing an obligation
of confidence pursuant to the first and second elements in the test laid down
in _Coco_ respectively, the question asked in England in a case concerning the
protection of private information is whether the plaintiff had a “reasonable
expectation of privacy” in relation to that information (_per_ Lord Nicholls
of Birkenhead and Lord Hope of Craighead in the House of Lords decision of
_Campbell v MGN Ltd_ [2004] 2 AC 457 at [21] and [85], respectively). Further,
with respect to the third element, it was held in _Imerman_ (at [71]) that
there was no need to prove that there had been a misuse of the information for
the claim to succeed (although this holding purported to apply to “old
fashioned breach of confidence” cases as well).

20 In our view, the main issue which arose from this case was whether we
should (and, if so, to what extent) adopt the English (or other) jurisprudence
concerning surreptitiously acquired private information into our law of
confidence. This would include consideration of, _inter alia_ , the decision
in _Imerman_ where an injunction was granted by the English Court of Appeal
upon its finding that the surreptitious procurement of information by the
wife’s brother from the husband’s personal computer amounted to a breach of
confidence – a case factually similar to the case before us.

21 The Respondent submitted that many of these cases, including _Imerman_ ,
were driven by the coming into force of the HRA which was enacted pursuant to
the UK’s membership of the European Union and which incorporated into English
law the right to privacy under Art 8 of the Convention for the Protection of
Human Rights and Fundamental Freedoms (4 November 1950), 213 UNTS 221 (Art 8
is to be found in Schedule 1 of the HRA). In this regard, the 1st Respondent
argued that there was no serious question to be tried since these cases were
irrelevant in the light of the absence of any express guarantee of such a
right under the Constitution of the Republic of Singapore (1985 Rev Ed, 1999
Reprint) (“the Constitution”) and that the Judge was consequently correct in
strictly applying the test in _Coco_.

22 Whilst it is true that the right to privacy is not expressly enumerated
under the Constitution, it must nevertheless be acknowledged that the
protection of privacy under the law of confidence in England in fact
materialised _before_ the enactment of the HRA pursuant to a _common law right
to privacy_. The first authoritative extension of the law of confidence to
information obtained without the consent of the plaintiff is to be found in
Lord Goff of Chieveley’s seminal judgment 25 years ago in _Attorney-General v
Observer Ltd and others_ [1990] 1 AC 109 (at 281) (see also generally Tanya
Aplin, Lionel Bently, Phillip Johnson & Simon Malynicz, _Gurry on Breach of
Confidence – The Protection of Confidential Information_ (Oxford University
Press, 2nd Ed, 2012), especially at paras 6.52–6.191 as well as _Stanley_).
Further, other common law jurisdictions, such as New Zealand, have also
extended protection to private information _via_ the law of confidence in the
absence of any express constitutional (or similar) guarantees to the right to
privacy. Finally, on a policy level, legislative developments in recent years,
which included the enactment of the Protection from Harassment Act (Cap 256A,
2015 Rev Ed) and the Personal Data Protection Act 2012 (No 26 of 2012), also
point towards an increasing recognition of the need to protect personal
privacy – developments which must also be viewed in the context of recent
spates of data breaches involving commercial customers and government
employees in the United States.

23 In our view, these factors meant that a serious legal issue arose from this
case as to whether we should afford, like the courts in England and various
other jurisdictions, protection to one’s privacy by way of the law of
confidence regardless of whether such a right is guaranteed under the
Constitution (an issue which is also dealt with in the comprehensive and
perceptive article by George Wei Sze Shun, “Milky Way and Andromeda: Privacy,
Confidentiality and Freedom of Expression” (2006) 18 SAcLJ 1, especially at
paras 81-89). The extent to which we should adopt such jurisprudence, _ie_ ,
the circumstances under which the law of confidence would extend its
protection to private information acquired without consent, also depended on a
determination of the facts (that are to a certain extent disputed) of the
case. These matters, to our mind, gave rise to a serious question to be tried
as to whether there was a breach of confidence and we thus disagreed with the
findings of the Judge on this issue. However, we would again highlight the
caveat that we were by no means endorsing, or even encouraging, the
identification of a right to protection of private information under our law
of confidence. We were simply of the view that such an issue was better left
to be determined at trial upon a full and comprehensive canvassing of the
relevant legal as well as factual arguments by counsel for both sides (which
is of course now moot in view of the settlement arrived at between the parties
(see above at [2])).

24 As a final point of note, we held in _Obegi Melissa_ that a triable issue
concerning a breach of confidence arose in a case where documents which were
allegedly “abandoned” were obtained by one party from another surreptitiously.
Although that case dealt with whether there was a triable issue in relation to
the granting of leave to defend upon an application for summary judgment, we
nonetheless found that it supported our conclusion that there was a serious
question to be tried in this case.

The balance of convenience

25 As observed by Lord Nicholls in the House of Lords decision of _Cream
Holdings Ltd and others v Bangerjee and another_ [2005] 1 AC 253 (at [18]),
“[c]onfidentiality, once breached, is lost for ever”. Given that there was a
serious issue to be tried in relation to a breach of confidence, we found that
the balance of convenience also lay in favour of granting an injunction to
preserve the confidential (or private) quality of the information. The
Respondents relied on the Judge’s reasoning below and submitted that prejudice
could arise if the information obtained could not be used in the divorce
proceedings between the parties. Again, we point out that these proceedings
did not relate to the admissibility of the information as evidence in the
divorce proceedings (see above at [12]). In any event, we made it clear in the
orders made that our holding in this case did not prevent the 1st Respondent
from relying on her knowledge of the information to seek disclosure of the
information _via_ specific discovery in other proceedings in the usual course
of litigation (although the admissibility of the information as evidence would
be subject to the decision of whichever court is seized of the matter) (see
Order of Court in Annex A at paras 1(c) and 10). In our view, such an
arrangement obviated the practical prejudice contemplated by the Respondents
and the Judge below that may arise upon a granting of an injunction.

Conclusion

26 For the reasons given above, we held that the test in _American Cyanamid_
was satisfied by the Appellant and granted an interlocutory injunction in
terms. These reasons formed the _sole basis_ of our decision. Nonetheless, we
would also proceed to take the opportunity to provide our tentative views on
the inherent discretion of the courts to exclude evidence which the Judge had
dealt with substantially below.

Some observations on the inherent discretion to exclude evidence

27 As we have explained at the outset of these grounds (at [9]–[14]), it was
_unnecessary_ , in our view, for us to have considered whether or not the
information which formed the subject matter of the injunction was admissible
pursuant to _the law of evidence_. However, this does _not_ mean that the law
of evidence will _never_ be engaged. _Much will depend on the particular facts
of the case itself_ (see the example provided above at [12]). Nevertheless,
where (as on the present facts) an interlocutory injunction ought to be issued
to prevent a potential breach of confidence in the first place, it is
important to reiterate that the court need not (consistently with what the
Appellant argued, albeit contrary to what the Respondents had argued in the
court below) even begin to enter into an inquiry as to whether or not the
information that constitutes the subject matter of a breach of confidence
claim is (or is not) admissible pursuant to the relevant principles of the law
of evidence. Indeed, what the relevant principles of the law of evidence are
in this last-mentioned regard would need to be decided when detailed arguments
are made on a future occasion when the issue arises directly for consideration
by the court. We would thus only make a few observations at this particular
juncture in relation to the views expressed by the Judge below as to the
court’s inherent discretion to exclude evidence.

28 The Judge below, after considering _Phyllis Tan_ and _Kadar_ (cases which
concerned criminal or quasi-criminal proceedings), found that the courts did
possess an inherent discretion to exclude evidence in _both_ criminal and
civil proceedings (and for an excellent overview of this particular area of
the law, see ch 10 of Jeffrey Pinsler, _Evidence and the Litigation Process_
(LexisNexis, 4th Ed, 2013)). However, he was also of the view that a
distinction should be “made between civil and criminal proceedings because of
the need for precautions against injustice in the latter” (see the GD at [51]
(and citing Prof Jeffrey Pinsler’s article, “Admissibility and the Discretion
to Exclude Evidence: In Search of a Systematic Approach” (2013) 25 SAcLJ 215
(“ _Pinsler_ ”) at para 2 (which paragraph was, however, referring
specifically to the then new _statutory_ discretion introduced by the Evidence
(Amendment) Act 2012 (No 2 of 2012))). He thus concluded that, in the context
of civil proceedings, the prejudicial effect in the probative
value/prejudicial effect balancing exercise enunciated in _Kadar_ “assumes a
far lighter weight and role when put in the balance against the probative
value component” and that “[i]n most instances, it boils down to a matter of
weight in civil proceedings” (see the GD at [51]).

29 Whilst we agree that different societal and policy reasons as well as
arguments may apply _vis-à-vis_ the inherent discretion of the court to
exclude evidence as between criminal and civil proceedings, we do not, with
respect, think that this _necessarily_ leads to the conclusion arrived at by
the Judge, _ie_ , that the exclusionary discretion would be exercised with
less rigidity such that most evidence would not be excluded in civil
proceedings. First, it may simply be the case that the probative
value/prejudicial effect balancing exercise (though well-suited to the nuances
of and the values at stake in criminal proceedings) cannot be applied to civil
proceedings and that a different balancing exercise should be conducted in
that respect. Secondly, _Phyllis Tan_ and _Kadar_ related to fact situations
which concerned the propriety of the conduct of law enforcement officers and
private investigators with regard to the obtaining of the evidence and the
effect of that conduct on the quality of the evidence. This is different from
cases such as the present which was not only concerned with the propriety of
the conduct of the Respondents, but also with the protection of the
Appellant’s potential pre-existing _proprietary_ rights over the evidence as
well, the protection of such potential proprietary rights in general being a
matter of public interest. Thirdly, whilst the exclusion of the evidence in
_Phyllis Tan_ and _Kadar_ may have deprived the prosecuting parties in both
cases of certain evidence which could have been used to convict the defendants
(_ie_ , that the evidence in question could only have been admitted in the
form and manner in which it was obtained), which may weigh against the court
excluding the evidence, the same cannot be said of cases such as the case
before us. The Respondents had an obvious alternative to obtain the same
evidence, but in a lawful manner – that is, by way of discovery.

30 The factors discussed above illustrate the fact that too sharp a
distinction should not be drawn between criminal and civil proceedings without
further analysis of the _precise type_ of impropriety or illegality behind the
evidence attempted to be adduced – although we hasten to add that nothing we
state should detract from the importance of the exclusionary discretion with
regard to _criminal_ cases because the life or liberty of the accused are at
stake. Returning to the facts of the present case, although the 1st Respondent
in this case might – looked at from one point of view – be said to have taken
the information improperly or illegally, we note (consistently with the views
we have just expressed) that this _might_ be _a different conception of the
concept of “unlawfully or illegally obtained evidence” which forms the basis
of decisions in cases such as_ Kadar _and_ Phyllis Tan, and we therefore
(except to the extent of our observations on the exclusionary discretion) say
no more about this particular issue in this judgment. What we would note,
however, is that there are good reasons why the inherent discretion to exclude
evidence may also be needed to be exercised more robustly – or at least more
vigorously than what the Judge envisaged in his decision below – in _civil_
proceedings in the light of the very different countervailing factors that
arise from the need to protect potential proprietary interests and the public
interest in promoting the obtaining of evidence by way of legally prescribed
methods. Put simply, the respecting of such rights and rules is something
which is expected when one is living in a civilised society where the Rule of
Law (and not of the jungle) must prevail. This is especially needful in the
context of the sea change in both the quality – as well as the availability of
– technology in the modern world. Much would of course also depend, in the
final analysis, on the precise facts as well as context of the case.

31 We have enunciated the views above for the purpose of highlighting how the
inherent discretion to exclude evidence may, contrary to the views of the
Judge below, not be exercised as sparingly in civil proceedings as he had
envisaged in his decision. Nonetheless, as we have already caveated above,
these views are merely tentative and a full and final pronouncement on this
issue, including the applicability of _Phyllis Tan_ and _Kadar_ (the former
decision of which, we note, was strongly critiqued by Prof Ho Hock Lai in
““National Values on Law and Order” and the Discretion to Exclude Wrongfully
Obtained Evidence” [2012] Journal of Commonwealth Criminal Law 232), should
only be made after considering the detailed arguments in an appropriate case
in the future. Indeed, Prof Pinsler was of the view that the fact that the
_common law_ exclusionary discretion discussed above presently exists side-by-
side with a more specific _statutory_ exclusionary discretion embodied within
ss 32(3) and 47(4) of the Evidence Act (Cap 97, 1997 Rev Ed) (in relation to
hearsay evidence and expert opinion evidence, respectively) results in a
situation that is, in his view, “unsatisfactory” (see _Pinsler_ at para 40).

Annex A

_These were the orders made by the court:_

1 The Appeal is allowed on the terms set forth below.

2 Pending the final disposal of the action herein or until further order, the
1st and 2nd Respondents are restrained and enjoined, whether by themselves or
by their servants or agents or otherwise, from howsoever using, disclosing or
destroying any data or documents copied from the Appellant’s Asus notebook
computer … on or about 18 December 2012 or at any other time (“Copied Data”),
or any copy, reproduction, extract or part of the Copied Data, SAVE THAT
subject to paragraph 3 below:

(a) the Respondents shall be at liberty to use and refer to the Copied Data in
Suit No. 427 of 2013 (“Suit”), including but not limited to any applications,
appeals, defences and/or counter-claims therein;

(b) the Respondents shall be at liberty to disclose the Copied Data to their
legal advisors for the purpose of obtaining legal advice in connection with
the Suit, including but not limited to any applications, appeals, defences
and/or counter-claims therein;

(c) the 1st Respondent shall be at liberty to use her knowledge and/or
recollection of the Copied Data to support any application that she may make
to Court for specific discovery in any proceedings, and if the Court allows
her application, she shall be at liberty to use and refer to the documents so
ordered to be disclosed in those proceedings, subject always to the law of
evidence; and

(d) the 1st Respondent shall be at liberty to inform the relevant authorities,
in the event that they so enquire of her, that the Copied Data has been
delivered-up to the Appellant and his solicitors pursuant to this Order of
Court.

3 Insofar as the Copied Data is subject to privilege, it shall not be used,
disclosed and/or referred-to by the 1st and/or 2nd Respondents, and/or their
servants or agents, whether in the Suit, in Divorce Suit No. 4895 of 2012
(“D4895”), or howsoever otherwise. All parts of the Copied Data subject to
privilege in the hard and electronic copies of the affidavits filed by the 1st
Respondent on 27 March 2013 and 2 May 2013 (“D4895 Affidavits”) shall be
forthwith expunged from (a) the copies of the said affidavits on file with the
Court and (b) drafts and/or copies in the possession, custody and/or power of
the Respondents. The Appellant and the Respondents shall make all applications
to Court and/or consent to such applications (as the case may be), as may be
necessary to give effect to this paragraph, with no Order as to costs.

4 Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Order:

(a) The Respondents shall be permitted to retain in their possession, hard
copies and electronic copies of:-

(i) all complaints and/or draft complaints made by them to the relevant
authorities as at 10 May 2013 that refer to and/or exhibit the Copied Data, or
any part thereof;

(ii) the D4895 Affidavits and any drafts thereof; and

(iii) all Affidavits filed in the Suit to-date,

provided that any Copied Data in the above documents that is subject to
privilege has been expunged therefrom, in accordance with paragraph 3 hereof.
For the avoidance of doubt, the 1st Respondent shall also be permitted to use
the D4895 Affidavits in D4895 after privileged material has been removed from
them in accordance with paragraph 3 above, subject to the law of evidence.

(b) The Respondents shall be permitted to retain with Harry Elias Partnership
LLP (“HEP”) one hard copy of each of the following, without any privileged
material redacted or expunged:-

(i) all complaints and/or draft complaints made by them to the relevant
authorities as at 10 May 2013 that refer to and/or exhibit the Copied Data, or
any part thereof;

(ii) the D4895 Affidavits and any drafts thereof; and

(iii) all Affidavits filed in the Suit to-date.

HEP shall until further Order retain and seal the said hard copies and shall
not access, nor permit anyone to access, the same without leave of Court, in
compliance with HEP’s undertaking as set forth in Schedule Two of this Order.
HEP shall effect the above sealing within eight (8) days of this Order and
shall notify the Appellant in writing that it has done so.

5 Pending the final disposal of the action herein or until further order, the
1st and 2nd Respondents shall deliver-up the Copied Data as follows:

(a) Within eight (8) days of the date of this Order, the Respondents shall
deliver-up all of the following to Drew & Napier LLC (“DN”), the Appellant’s
solicitor in D4895:

(i) the 1st Respondent’s external hard drive … (“Wife’s HDD”); and

(ii) all hard-copies of the Copied Data in the possession, custody or power of
the 1st and/or 2nd Respondents;

(collectively, “Delivered-Up Material”); together with a schedule listing all
of the same.

(b) At the same time as they comply with (a) above, the Respondents shall
provide to the Appellant a complete list:

(i) of all storage media, devices and computers (each a “Repository” and
together the “Repositories”) in the possession, custody or power of:

(1) either of the Respondents;

(2) the servants and/or agents of either of the Respondents; and/or

(3) any other person(s) that either of the Respondents have made the Copied
Data or any part thereof, available to,

on which electronic copies of the Copied Data (“Electronic Copies”) are
resident or were previously resident (to the best of the Respondents’
knowledge and belief), excluding the Wife’s HDD; and

(ii) stating the location(s) of the Electronic Copies in the relevant
Repository by reference to the specific drive(s), folder(s) and filename(s)
(to the best of the Respondents’ knowledge and belief).

(c) Within 2 days of the above list being provided to the Appellant, the
Respondents shall give, allow and/or procure the Appellant’s nominated
computer forensic expert (“ACFE”) access to the Electronic Copies in the
possession, custody or power of either of the Respondents and/or their
servants and/or agents.

(d) Upon such access being given to the ACFE:

(i) he shall transfer the Electronic Copies, and all parts thereof, that he
may find resident on the said Repositories, excluding the Wife’s HDD, onto an
external storage medium (“Preserved Data Storage Medium”); and

(ii) he shall thereafter take all necessary steps to permanently and
irretrievably remove the Electronic Copies, and all parts thereof, from the
said Repositories, excluding the Wife’s HDD, while taking all reasonable
measures to preserve or retain data on the said Repositories that is not part
of the Copied Data.

(e) When the ACFE has completed his work, he shall certify that he has done so
to the Appellant and the Respondents, in writing.

6 The Delivered-Up Material and the Preserved Storage Data Medium shall be
retained by DN in compliance with the undertaking set forth in the Schedule to
this Order.

7 Any Copied Data or part thereof already on record with the relevant
authorities as at 10 May 2013 … , shall continue to remain on record. For the
avoidance of doubt, nothing herein shall preclude the Appellant from applying
to exclude any part of the Copied Data from consideration by the said
authorities on the grounds of privilege or otherwise.

8 This Order supercedes and replaces the Orders made in the Suit on 10 May
2013, 15 May 2013 and 22 July 2014 and in this Appeal on 12 September 2014.

9 All undertakings to the Court of Appeal given on 12 September 2014 are
discharged, and the parties to the same as released from their undertakings.

10 Nothing herein constitutes a finding or determination by the Court of
Appeal that the Copied Data or any part thereof is protected by
confidentiality.

11 For the avoidance of doubt, nothing herein absolves the Appellant or the
Respondents from their obligations of discovery in Court proceedings.

12 Costs of the Appeal, of Summons 3690 of 2014 and Summons 2511 of 2013 be
reserved to the trial judge and all earlier costs orders be set aside.

13 There shall be liberty to apply to the Court of Appeal.

_Schedule One: Undertakings to the Court by Appellant and Drew & Napier LLC_

[The Appellant and Drew & Napier LLC] hereby give the following undertakings
to the court:

1 Drew & Napier LLC undertakes that it will retain the Delivered-Up Material
and the Preserved Data Storage Medium, until further Order.

2 The Appellant and Drew & Napier LLC jointly and severally undertake that
neither of them, nor their respective servants and/or agents, shall destroy,
alter or dispose of the Delivered-Up Material or the Preserved Data Storage
Medium, until further Order.

3 Nothing herein shall preclude either of the Appellant nor Drew & Napier LLC,
nor their respective servants and/or agents, from (a) accessing, (b) using,
and/or (c) providing copies of the Delivered-Up Material and/or the Preserved
Data Storage Medium, or allowing the taking of images thereof.

4 The above undertakings shall remain in effect until discharged by Order of
the Court of Appeal, and shall not be discharged without leave of Court even
in the event that Drew & Napier LLC ceases to act as the Appellant’s
solicitors.

_Schedule Two: Undertaking to the Court by Harry Elias Partnership LLP_

Harry Elias Partnership LLP hereby give the following undertaking to the
court:

We undertake that we, and our servants and/or agents, shall until further
Order retain and seal the hard copies of the documents set forth at paragraph
4(2)(a) to (c) of the Order of the Court of Appeal … and that we shall not
access, nor permit anyone to access, the said hard copies without leave of
Court.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 21 Aug 2015 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

