Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Tomolugen Holdings Ltd and another _v_ Silica Investors Ltd and other
appeals  
[2015] SGCA 57

Case Number| :| Civil Appeals Nos 123, 124 and 126 of 2014  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 26 October 2015  
Tribunal/Court| :| Court of Appeal  
Coram| :|  Sundaresh Menon CJ; Chao Hick Tin JA; Chan Sek Keong SJ  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Palmer Michael Anthony and Wee Shilei (Quahe Woo & Palmer
LLC) for the appellants in Civil Appeal No 123 of 2014; Nandakumar
Renganathan, Napolean Rafflesson Koh and Denise Soh (RHTLaw Taylor Wessing
LLP) for the appellant in Civil Appeal No 124 of 2014; Sim Kwan Kiat, Avinash
Pradhan and Chong Kah Kheng (Rajah &Tann Singapore LLP) for the appellant in
Civil Appeal No 126 of 2014; Paul Ong Min-Tse and Cai Chengying (Allen &
Gledhill LLP) for the respondent in Civil Appeals Nos 123, 124 and 126 of
2014; Professor Lawrence Boo as amicus curiae.  
Parties| :|  TOMOLUGEN HOLDINGS LIMITED — AUZMINERALS RESOURCE GROUP LIMITED —
SILICA INVESTORS LIMITED — LIM SING HOK MERVYN — LIONSGATE HOLDINGS PTE LTD
(FKA TOMOLUGEN PTE LTD) — SILICA INVESTORS LIMITED  
  
[LawNet Editorial Note: The decision from which this appeal arose is reported
at [2014] 3 SLR 815.]

26 October 2015| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Sundaresh Menon CJ (delivering the judgment of the court):

Introduction

1 Before us are three appeals against the decision of a High Court judge (“the
Judge”) who dismissed applications to stay the court proceedings in Suit No
560 of 2013 (“the Suit”) in favour of arbitration. In the Suit, the plaintiff
seeks relief under s 216 of the Companies Act (Cap 50, 2006 Rev Ed) (“the
Companies Act”) for oppressive or unfairly prejudicial conduct towards it as a
minority shareholder. There are altogether eight defendants. They include the
company of which the plaintiff is a minority shareholder, as well as other
shareholders and current or former directors of either that company or its
related companies. The stay applications were made by the defendants pursuant
to s 6 of the International Arbitration Act (Cap 143A, 2002 Rev Ed) (“the
IAA”) and the court’s inherent power of case management.

2 These appeals raise issues concerning the arbitrability of disputes over
minority oppression or unfairly prejudicial conduct, as well as the proper
approach to adopt when dealing with potentially overlapping court and arbitral
proceedings. They draw out a tension that will mount as commercial
transactions and the disputes which they spawn grow in their sophistication
and complexity. This tension is one that is likely to arise whenever disputes
straddle court and arbitral proceedings, with the two sets of proceedings
engaging common, although not necessarily identical, issues and parties. The
tension lies in the court’s desire, on the one hand, to avoid the
complications inherent in having to resolve a dispute across two different
fora and, on the other hand, its recognition that it must conform to the
statutory mandate laid down in s 6 of the IAA to direct that any dispute
concerning a matter which is the subject of an arbitration agreement governed
by the IAA is to be resolved by arbitration. Where these two considerations
pull in opposite directions, the latter necessarily prevails because of the
mandatory terms of s 6. The question which then arises for the court is how it
can best _manage_ the proceedings that it has control over in order to
ameliorate the complications that are bound to arise by reason of the
overlapping proceedings.

Factual background

Overview of the material facts

3 The plaintiff in the Suit is Silica Investors Limited (“Silica Investors”),
a minority shareholder which holds approximately 4.2% of the issued share
capital of Auzminerals Resource Group Limited (“AMRG”), the eighth defendant
in the Suit. AMRG is the company whose affairs Silica Investors alleges have
been conducted in a manner that is oppressive or unfairly prejudicial towards
it.

4 AMRG is a listed Singapore company that develops, explores and exploits
mines in Australia. Its wholly-owned subsidiary, Solar Silicon Resources Group
Pte Ltd (“SSRG”), is also involved in mine development and exploration, and
owns Australian mining licences and exploration permits.

5 Silica Investors first acquired shares in AMRG from Lionsgate Holdings Pte
Ltd (“Lionsgate”), the second defendant in the Suit. The share sale agreement
between Silica Investors and Lionsgate (“the Share Sale Agreement”) contains
an arbitration clause. Lionsgate currently remains a shareholder of AMRG and
holds approximately 9% of its issued share capital.

6 Lionsgate is wholly owned by Tomolugen Holdings Limited (“Tomolugen
Holdings”), the first defendant in the Suit. Tomolugen Holdings is the
majority shareholder of AMRG and holds approximately 55% of its issued share
capital directly. The third to seventh defendants in the Suit are shareholders
and current or former directors of Lionsgate, AMRG or SSRG; together, they
hold just over 3% of the issued share capital of AMRG.

7 Lionsgate made an application pursuant to s 6 of the IAA for a stay of the
court proceedings against it in the Suit. Lionsgate said that a part of the
dispute in the Suit fell within the scope of the arbitration clause in the
Share Sale Agreement and the court proceedings against it in respect of that
part of the dispute therefore had to be stayed in favour of arbitration; it
further submitted that the remainder of the court proceedings against it
should be stayed as well in the interests of appropriate case management
pending the resolution of the arbitration. The other seven defendants named in
the Suit (collectively, “the remaining defendants”) also filed stay
applications that were contingent on the success of Lionsgate’s application.
They argued that if the court proceedings between Silica Investors and
Lionsgate were stayed in favour of arbitration, then the rest of the court
proceedings in the Suit should also be stayed pending the resolution of that
arbitration. Their stay applications were made pursuant to the court’s
inherent power of case management.

8 The Judge dismissed all the stay applications. His decision is reported as
_Silica Investors Ltd v Tomolugen Holdings Ltd and others_ [2014] 3 SLR 815
(“the HC Judgment”). Civil Appeal No 126 of 2014 is Lionsgate’s appeal against
the Judge’s decision, while Civil Appeals Nos 123 and 124 of 2014 are appeals
by three of the remaining defendants. Silica Investors is the respondent in
all three appeals.

9 In the two sections that follow, we shall set out in greater detail the
Share Sale Agreement between Silica Investors and Lionsgate, as well as the
allegations made in the Suit. This will provide the factual context for the
analysis of the issues raised in these appeals.

The Share Sale Agreement

10 The Share Sale Agreement between Silica Investors and Lionsgate consists of
an original agreement dated 23 June 2010, which was modified by a supplemental
agreement dated 5 July 2010. At the time the Share Sale Agreement was
concluded, Lionsgate was known as Tomolugen Pte Ltd. This change of name is
immaterial for present purposes, and we use “Lionsgate” to refer to the entity
both before and after its change of name. Silica Investors and Lionsgate were
the only parties to the Share Sale Agreement. Under that agreement, Lionsgate
agreed to sell Silica Investors up to 2.5m AMRG shares at a price of AU$4.00
per share. The amended completion date was 14 July 2010.

11 The Share Sale Agreement contained terms and warranties relating to the
management of AMRG and its assets and liabilities. These included the
following:

(a) Lionsgate agreed to support the passage of an AMRG board of directors’
resolution for a nominee of Silica Investors to be appointed as a director on
AMRG’s board: cl 2.5(a) of the Share Sale Agreement.

(b) Lionsgate warranted that the accounts of AMRG and its related companies
gave a true and fair view of the state of affairs of those companies: cl 8.2
of the first schedule to the Share Sale Agreement.

(c) Lionsgate warranted that at the completion date, AMRG and its related
companies would have settled or discharged “all current liabilities, inter-
company loans (in excess of S$250,000 per company) and shareholders’ advances
and all obligations of AMRG [and its related companies]”: cl 8.3 of the first
schedule to the Share Sale Agreement.

12 The Share Sale Agreement contemplated the listing of SSRG on a recognised
stock exchange by a specified date. It also contained provisions for the
distribution of SSRG shares _in specie_ amongst the shareholders of AMRG
should the listing of SSRG succeed, as well as exit provisions for Silica
Investors in the event that the listing of SSRG failed.

13 In addition, the Share Sale Agreement contained an arbitration clause
(_viz_ , cl 12.3) which provided that “any dispute arising out of or in
connection with this Agreement, including any question regarding its
existence, validity or termination” was to be referred to and finally resolved
by arbitration in Singapore in accordance with the Arbitration Rules of the
Singapore International Arbitration Centre (“the SIAC”) for the time being in
force. We shall discuss the arbitration clause and its effect in greater
detail later in this judgment.

The allegations made in the Suit

14 Silica Investors commenced the Suit in June 2013, and its only complaint
there is that AMRG’s affairs were conducted in a manner which was oppressive
or unfairly prejudicial towards it as a minority shareholder of AMRG. On this
basis, it seeks wide-ranging relief, including a share buy-out order and
orders regulating the conduct of AMRG’s affairs; in the alternative, it seeks
an order that AMRG be placed in liquidation.

15 Silica Investors’ complaint of oppression or unfair prejudice is supported
by allegations that the Judge classified into four broad categories. We shall
use these same categories in this judgment since they were adopted by the
parties on appeal. The first category, we shall refer to as “the Share
Issuance Allegation”. This concerned an issuance of 53,171,040 AMRG shares on
15 September 2010. The share issuance allegedly had the effect of diluting
Silica Investors’ shareholding in AMRG by more than 50%; it was also
purportedly done in breach of AMRG’s memorandum and articles of association.
AMRG claims that it issued the shares to discharge debts which it owed for
certain mining licences (“the Solar Silica Assets”) that had been transferred
to SSRG. Silica Investors, on the other hand, says that those debts were
fictitious, and that there was no commercial justification for the share
issuance.

16 The second category of allegations, we shall refer to as “the Management
Participation Allegation”. Silica Investors claims that there was an
understanding or a legitimate expectation on its part that it would
participate in the management of AMRG. In support of this allegation, Silica
Investors points to cl 2.5(a) of the Share Sale Agreement, which we referred
to at [11(a)] above. Silica Investors claims that it has been denied its
entitlement to participate in the management of AMRG.

17 The third category of allegations, we shall refer to as “the Guarantees
Allegation”. Silica Investors claims that on 11 July 2012, AMRG executed
guarantees securing the obligations of Australian Gold Corporation Pte Ltd
(“Australian Gold”). Australian Gold is apparently unrelated to AMRG, but 97%
of its shares are owned by AMRG’s majority shareholder, Tomolugen Holdings.
The third, fourth and fifth defendants were or became directors of Australian
Gold either at the time or soon after the guarantees were executed. Silica
Investors alleges that it was not in AMRG’s interest to take on the
liabilities under those guarantees.

18 The fourth and final category of allegations, we shall refer to as “the
Asset Exploitation Allegation”. It is similar to the Guarantees Allegation in
so far as it concerns the incurring of financial liabilities by AMRG for the
benefit of its majority shareholder, Tomolugen Holdings. Specifically, Silica
Investors alleges that AMRG expended resources to identify and develop mining
assets in Australia. These assets are now apparently owned by an entity which,
although not related to AMRG, is 90% owned by Tomolugen Holdings. Accompanying
this assertion are claims of non-disclosure by AMRG’s board of directors of
material information relating to these assets.

19 The four categories of allegations appear unconnected. But, what binds them
together is that the matters which they concern were all allegedly
orchestrated by Mr Roger Thomas May, the seventh defendant in the Suit, who
was a shadow director of AMRG at the material time. It is said that Mr May
acted in connivance with those directors of AMRG who had been appointed by
Tomolugen Holdings and Lionsgate to conduct AMRG’s affairs in a manner which
was oppressive or unfairly prejudicial towards Silica Investors as a minority
shareholder.

The decision below

20 The Judge held (at [18] of the HC Judgment) that for the purposes of s 6 of
the IAA, he had to identify the “essential dispute” in the Suit and determine
whether that fell within the scope of the arbitration clause in the Share Sale
Agreement. He found (at [37]) that the essential dispute was whether the
affairs of AMRG had been conducted in a manner that was “oppressive, _ie_ ,
commercially unfair or unfairly prejudicial … towards [Silica Investors] as a
minority shareholder”. He held (at [56]–[58]) that this dispute did fall
within the ambit of the widely-drafted arbitration clause because there was a
sufficient factual connection between at least two of the four allegations
(namely, the Share Issuance Allegation and the Management Participation
Allegation) and the Share Sale Agreement.

21 However, the Judge did not grant Lionsgate’s stay application because he
held that the dispute was non-arbitrable. He considered that a claim for
relief under s 216 of the Companies Act straddled the line between
arbitrability and non-arbitrability, and that in most circumstances, such a
dispute would fall on the side of being non-arbitrable (see [141]–[142] of the
HC Judgment). He was satisfied that on the facts of the case, the dispute was
non-arbitrable (at [143]). In particular, he noted (likewise at [143]) that
the relief sought in the Suit was of a kind which an arbitral tribunal could
not grant; further, the dispute involved parties who were not bound by the
arbitration clause in the Share Sale Agreement. The Judge’s dismissal of
Lionsgate’s stay application meant that the remaining defendants’ stay
applications fell away, and the Judge did not consider them.

22 We shall elaborate further on the Judge’s reasons for his decision as well
as the parties’ arguments in the course of our analysis of the issues that
arise for our consideration.

The issues before us

23 Three issues arise for our determination in these appeals:

(a) first, whether a dispute over minority oppression or unfairly prejudicial
conduct is arbitrable;

(b) second, whether the court proceedings between Silica Investors and
Lionsgate, or any part thereof, fall within the scope of the arbitration
clause in the Share Sale Agreement; and

(c) third, in the event that the court proceedings between Silica Investors
and Lionsgate (or any part thereof) are covered by the arbitration clause and
are stayed in favour of arbitration, whether the remainder of the court
proceedings (whether against Lionsgate or against the remaining defendants)
should also be stayed pending the resolution of the arbitration.

24 We shall address these issues in the aforesaid order. We are aware that the
second issue is both logically and legally anterior to the first, in that the
question of arbitrability is a live one only if the dispute in the Suit, or a
part of it, falls within the scope of the arbitration clause in the Share Sale
Agreement. But, since the Judge’s decision turned on his finding of non-
arbitrability, we think it convenient to deal with the issue of arbitrability
first. Before we do so, however, we shall first consider a threshold question
as to what standard of review the court should adopt in an application for a
stay under s 6 of the IAA. This question (“the threshold question”) was raised
by Prof Lawrence Boo, who appeared as _amicus curiae_ at our request.

The threshold question: the standard of review in a stay application under the
IAA

The backdrop to the threshold question

25 It is often said that an arbitral tribunal’s jurisdiction is based on the
consent of the parties as manifested in the arbitration agreement concerned.
But, it is also established that an arbitral tribunal has the jurisdiction to
determine the existence and extent of such consent. The arbitral tribunal’s
jurisdiction to determine its own jurisdiction – known as _kompetenz-
kompetenz_ – cannot be based entirely on the parties’ consent. This form of
jurisdiction necessarily precedes and exists independently of such consent.
The arbitral tribunal may, in the exercise of its _kompetenz-kompetenz_ ,
conclude that there was never any consent by the parties to refer their
disputes to arbitration, and as a consequence, that it had no jurisdiction to
begin with.

26 The potential circularity that this entails is broken by Art 16 of the
UNCITRAL Model Law on International Commercial Arbitration (“the Model Law”),
which has the force of law in Singapore: s 3 of the IAA. Article 16 embodies
the _kompetenz-kompetenz_ principle, and it confers on an arbitral tribunal
the jurisdiction to “rule on its own jurisdiction, _including_ any objections
with respect to _the existence or validity of the arbitration agreement_ ”
[emphasis added].

27 The _kompetenz-kompetenz_ principle has the potential to give rise to
friction with the regime set out in the IAA (and the Model Law), which
mandates a stay of court proceedings in favour of arbitration when the
conditions for the grant of a stay are satisfied. Specifically, under s 6 of
the IAA, the court must stay court proceedings relating to “any matter” that
is covered by an arbitration agreement upon an application for a stay by a
party to that agreement. The only exceptions are where the court is satisfied
that the arbitration agreement is “null and void”, “inoperative” or “incapable
of being performed”: s 6(2) of the IAA. This regime is substantially similar
to that found in Art 8(1) of the Model Law, but with some differences in
phraseology. We set out the material portions of both provisions below.
Sections 6(1) and 6(2) of the IAA state:

**Enforcement of international arbitration agreement**

**6.** —(1) Notwithstanding Article 8 of the Model Law, where any party to an
arbitration agreement to which this Act applies institutes any proceedings in
any court against any other party to the agreement in respect of any matter
which is the subject of the agreement, any party to the agreement may, at any
time after appearance and before delivering any pleading or taking any other
step in the proceedings, apply to that court to stay the proceedings so far as
the proceedings relate to that matter.

(2) The court to which an application has been made in accordance with
subsection (1) shall make an order, upon such terms or conditions as it may
think fit, staying the proceedings so far as the proceedings relate to the
matter, unless it is satisfied that the arbitration agreement is null and
void, inoperative or incapable of being performed.

…

Article 8(1) of the Model Law states:

_Article 8. Arbitration agreement and substantive claim before court_

(1) A court before which an action is brought in a matter which is the subject
of an arbitration agreement shall, if a party so requests not later than when
submitting his first statement on the substance of the dispute, refer the
parties to arbitration unless it finds that the agreement is null and void,
inoperative or incapable of being performed.

…

28 A court hearing a stay application under s 6 of the IAA will necessarily
have to take a view on the existence and scope of the arbitration agreement in
question. Only then can it decide whether a stay must be granted under s 6.
The friction which we have alluded to in the previous paragraph may arise
because any determination made by the court on the existence and scope of the
arbitration agreement may well intrude into the remit of the arbitral
tribunal’s _kompetenz-kompetenz_.

29 The threshold question is one that invites consideration of how a balance
may be struck between the court and the arbitral tribunal, both of which may
confront the issue of whether the arbitral tribunal has jurisdiction. In our
judgment, that balance may be struck by adjusting the standard of review which
the court adopts when hearing an application for a stay under s 6 of the IAA.
In this regard, the first of two prevailing views is that the court should
only undertake a _prima facie_ review of the existence and scope of the
arbitration clause. Thus, if the court is satisfied on a _prima facie_
standard that the conditions for the grant of a stay (_ie_ , that there exists
an arbitration clause which is valid and which covers the dispute at hand)
have been met, it should grant the stay and defer to the arbitral tribunal the
determination of whether those conditions have indeed been satisfied. We refer
to this as the _prima facie_ approach. This approach preserves the arbitral
tribunal’s _kompetenz-kompetenz_ to examine the existence and scope of its
jurisdiction afresh and determine it fully.

30 The second prevailing view is that the court should undertake an actual
determination of the existence and scope of the arbitration agreement when it
hears a stay application under s 6 of the IAA. On this view, the court grants
a stay if, and only if, it is satisfied that the requirements for the grant of
a stay have in fact been met. We refer to this as the full merits approach.
This approach might have the advantage of expedience in that it allows the
court to pronounce with finality on an arbitral tribunal’s jurisdiction in the
first instance, instead of deferring the question to the arbitral tribunal,
only to face the prospect of the same question coming back to the court in the
event of an appeal against the arbitral tribunal’s jurisdictional ruling, or
if the unsuccessful party in the arbitration resists enforcement of the
arbitral award or applies to set it aside on the basis of the arbitral
tribunal’s lack of jurisdiction. There appears to be a clear split between
these two views in both the case authorities across various jurisdictions as
well as the literature (see United Nations Commission on International Trade
Law, _UNCITRAL 2012 Digest of Case Law on the Model Law on International
Commercial Arbitration_ (2012) at paras 29–32).

31 The standard of review that a court in Singapore should apply ultimately
turns on the interpretation of s 6 of the IAA. Section 6 has a strong
association with and was based on Art 8 of the Model Law. We shall accordingly
begin our analysis by reviewing the _travaux préparatoires_ of the Model Law
and the position in other jurisdictions before returning to discuss the
appropriate approach for the Singapore courts.

The travaux préparatoires of the Model Law

32 In our judgment, the _travaux préparatoires_ of the Model Law are
inconclusive as to the appropriate approach to take with regard to the
threshold question, as both the _prima facie_ approach and the full merits
approach can and have been credibly advanced based on different parts of these
materials. Proponents of the full merits approach rely on the _Report of the
Working Group on International Contract Practices on the Work of its Fifth
Session_ , UN Doc A/CN/9/233 (“ _Report of the Fifth Session_ ”). At para 77
of the _Report of the Fifth Session_ , the UNCITRAL Working Group on
International Contract Practices (“the Working Group”) apparently expressly
considered and rejected the _prima facie_ approach:

77\. A suggestion was made that paragraph (1) [_ie_ , what is now Art 8(1) of
the Model Law] should not be understood as requiring the court to examine in
detail the validity of an arbitration agreement and that this idea could be
expressed by requiring only a _prima facie_ finding or by rephrasing the
closing words as follows: ‘unless it finds that the agreement is
**_manifestly_** null and void’. In support of that idea it was pointed out
that it would correspond with the principle to let the arbitral tribunal make
the first ruling on its competence, subject to later control by a court.
However, the prevailing view was that, in the cases envisaged under paragraph
(1) where the parties differed on the existence of a valid arbitration
agreement, that issue should be settled by the court, without first referring
the issue to an arbitral tribunal, which allegedly lacked jurisdiction. The
Working Group, after deliberation, decided to retain the text of paragraph
(1). [emphasis in original in bold italics]

33 In his book _International Commercial Arbitration, Volume I: International
Arbitration Agreements_ (Wolters Kluwer, 2nd Ed, 2014) (“ _Gary Born_ ”), Gary
B Born suggests (at p 1083) that this is “[t]he most direct evidence” that the
Model Law’s drafters rejected the _prima facie_ approach. This view is shared
by Howard M Holtzmann & Joseph E Neuhaus, _A Guide to the UNCITRAL Model Law
on International Commercial Arbitration: Legislative History and Commentary_
(Kluwer Law, 1989) (“ _Holtzmann & Neuhaus_”) at p 303 and Peter Binder,
_International Commercial Arbitration and Conciliation in UNCITRAL Model Law
Jurisdictions_ (Sweet & Maxwell, 3rd Ed, 2010) at p 125. The use of the word
“finds” in Art 8(1) of the Model Law is also said to support a full merits
review by the court: _Gary Born_ at pp 1082–1083.

34 On the other hand, proponents of the _prima facie_ approach rely on
developments in the drafting of the Model Law that occurred at the sixth and
subsequent sessions of the Working Group. At the sixth session, the Working
Group proposed the introduction of a fourth paragraph to the Article in the
draft text of the Model Law (“the draft Model Law”) that then articulated the
_kompetenz-kompetenz_ principle (now Art 16 of the Model Law). The proposed
fourth paragraph read as follows (_Report of the Working Group on
International Contract Practices on the Work of its Sixth Session_ , UN Doc
A/CN/9/245 (“ _Report of the Sixth Session_ ”) at para 66):

(4) Where, after arbitral proceedings have commenced, a party invokes before a
court lack of jurisdiction of the arbitral tribunal, whether impliedly by
bringing a substantive claim or expressly by requesting a decision on the
jurisdiction of the arbitral tribunal directly from the court without first
raising this plea before the arbitral tribunal, the arbitral tribunal may
continue the proceedings while the issue is pending with the court.

This proposed paragraph was eventually rejected. The Working Group thought
that it was not sufficiently clear, especially in its interface with the then
draft Article governing applications for stays of court proceedings (now Art 8
of the Model Law): _Report of the Sixth Session_ at paras 68–69. The hesitance
to incorporate the proposed fourth paragraph in the form set out above
resulted in the Working Group requesting the UNCITRAL Secretariat (“the
Secretariat”) to revise the text of that draft Article.

35 In lieu of such a revision, the Secretariat proposed instead the
introduction of an entirely new Article (“the draft Art 17”) in the composite
text of the draft Model Law that was presented to the Working Group at its
seventh session: _Composite Draft Text of a Model Law on International
Commercial Arbitration_ , UN Doc A/CN.9/WG.II/WP.48. The draft Art 17 read as
follows:

Article 17. _Concurrent court control_

(1) [Notwithstanding the provisions of Art 16,] a party may [at any time]
request the Court specified in article 6 to decide whether or not there exists
a valid arbitration agreement and[, if arbitral proceedings have commenced,]
whether or not the arbitral tribunal has jurisdiction [with regard to the
dispute referred to it].

(2) While such issue is pending with the Court, the arbitral tribunal may
continue the proceedings [unless the Court orders a stay or suspension of
these proceedings].

36 The draft Art 17 was eventually rejected by the Working Group at its
seventh session. The prevailing view of the Working Group was that this
proposed Article might enable parties to engage in tactical delays and did not
cohere with the _kompetenz-kompetenz_ principle articulated in Art 16 (see
_Report of the Working Group on International Contract Practices on the Work
of its Seventh Session_ , UN Doc A/CN/9/246 at para 55):

[The draft Art 17] might have adverse effects throughout the arbitral
proceedings by opening the door to delaying tactics and obstruction and
because it was not in harmony with the principle underlying article 16 that
_it was initially and primarily for the arbitral tribunal to decide on its
competence, subject to ultimate court control_. [emphasis added]

37 Proponents of the _prima facie_ approach say that the decision not to
incorporate the draft Art 17 is significant in that it expressed the intention
that the arbitral tribunal, rather than the court, should have the first say
on the existence and scope of the arbitration agreement in question, and thus,
on whether the arbitral tribunal has jurisdiction. They also contend that this
view is reinforced by the rejection of subsequent suggestions to reincorporate
the draft Art 17 into the draft Model Law.

38 The subsequent suggestions for the reintroduction of the draft Art 17 came
from the International Bar Association (“the IBA”) and the UK government. In
the Secretariat’s _Analytical Compilation of Comments by Governments and
International Organizations on the Draft Text of a Model Law on International
Commercial Arbitration_ , UN Doc A/CN.9/263 (“ _Secretariat’s Analytical
Compilation of Comments_ ”) at p 30, the IBA recorded its dissatisfaction with
the rejection of the draft Art 17:

[The] IBA accepts that the primary authority for the determination of
jurisdiction issues, including questions of arbitrability, the validity of the
arbitration agreement and so forth, should be the arbitral tribunal itself.
However, since the arbitral tribunal’s decisions on these matters are
ultimately subject to court control, it seems sensible that the intervention
of the courts on such issues should be permitted at an early stage, rather
than only at the end of the arbitration. This would avoid unnecessary delay
and costs. Accordingly, it is suggested that … [the draft Art 17], as it was
discussed and deleted by the Working Group, … might be reviewed with a view to
reinstating it.

39 Similar sentiments were also expressed by the UK government: _Second
Addendum to the Secretariat’s Analytical Compilation of Comments_ , UN Doc
A/CN.9/263/Add.2 at p 5. These proposals to reintroduce the draft Art 17 were
considered but eventually rejected: _Report of the United Nations Commission
on International Trade Law on the Work of its Eighteenth Session_ , UN Doc
A/40/17 at paras 160–161. Instead, a compromise was eventually reached by the
introduction of what is now Art 16(3) of the Model Law, which allows a
discrete ruling by an arbitral tribunal on its jurisdiction to be referred to
a court with supervisory jurisdiction for a decision.

40 The proponents of the _prima facie_ approach contend that these
developments in the drafting of the Model Law evince the intention that
jurisdictional issues be deferred to the _arbitral tribunal_ , with the court
having the final say only through an appeal from the arbitral tribunal’s
jurisdictional ruling: Frédéric Bachand, “Does Article 8 of the Model Law Call
for Full or _Prima Facie_ Review of the Arbitral Tribunal’s Jurisdiction?”
(2006) 22(3) Arb Int’l 463 at p 473. The upshot is what has been termed by
_Fouchard Gaillard Goldman on International Commercial Arbitration_ (John
Savage & Emmanuel Gaillard eds) (Kluwer Arbitration, 1999) at pp 400–401 as
the “negative effect” of the _kompetenz-kompetenz_ principle, which is that
arbitral tribunals should be the “first judges of their jurisdiction” and
should be able to decide the existence (or otherwise) of their own
jurisdiction prior to any court or judicial authority. Gary Born asserts that
this reasoning is “inconclusive” and “irrelevant”, and that “the deletion of
the [draft Art 17] … [is] in no way decisive or even relevant as to the
meaning of Article 8(1)”: _Gary Born_ at p 1084. We are less inclined to
dismiss the rejection of the draft Art 17 as irrelevant. The very reason for
the proposed introduction of this draft Article was the lack of clarity in the
interface between the draft versions of what are now Art 8 and Art 16 (see
[34]–[35] above). That interface was a problematic one, and the draft Art 17
was one of the solutions that the Working Group considered in an attempt to
address it.

41 In our judgment, the _travaux préparatoires_ of the Model Law are
ultimately somewhat equivocal as to the appropriate approach to take for the
purposes of the threshold question, although it seems to us from the
historical analysis we have undertaken that, perhaps, the record offers a
little more support for the _prima facie_ approach. That said, as we noted at
[32] above, there is certainly material to support both the _prima facie_ and
the full merits approaches. We venture to suggest a historical reason for this
seeming lack of certainty in the _travaux préparatoires_. When the draft
version of what is now Art 8 of the Model Law was formulated at the fifth
session of the Working Group, it was consciously framed in terms that were “in
line with the corresponding provision in the 1958 New York Convention” and
“for the sake of consistency with that important Convention”: _Report of the
Fifth Session_ at para 76. In other words, the Working Group endeavoured to
stay faithful to Art II(3) of the Convention on the Recognition and
Enforcement of Foreign Arbitral Awards Concluded at New York on 10 June 1958
(“the New York Convention”), which states:

The court of a Contracting State, when seized of an action in a matter in
respect of which the parties have made an agreement within the meaning of this
Article [_ie_ , “an agreement in writing under which the parties undertake to
submit to arbitration all or any differences which have arisen or which may
arise between them in respect of a defined legal relationship” (see Art
II(1))], shall, at the request of one of the parties, refer the parties to
arbitration, unless it finds that the said agreement is null and void,
inoperative or incapable of being performed.

42 When Art II(3) of the New York Convention was formulated in the 1950s, it
sought principally to achieve the limited goal of preventing Contracting
States from refusing to recognise the validity of arbitration agreements (see
_New York Convention: Convention on the Recognition and Enforcement of Foreign
Arbitral Awards of 10 June 1958 Commentary_ (Reinmar Wolff ed) (Hart
Publishing, 2012) at pp 153–155). The _kompetenz-kompetenz_ principle is not
expressed in the New York Convention and does not appear to have been
considered in its _travaux préparatoires_. While the _kompetenz-kompetenz_
principle has an impressive vintage in international law tribunals (see Lord
Collins of Mapesbury JSC’s account of it in _Dallah Real Estate and Tourism
Holding Co v Ministry of Religious Affairs of the Government of Pakistan_
[2011] 1 AC 763 at [79]–[81]), its acceptance in international commercial
arbitration circles appears less rooted. Indeed, even at the time of the
drafting of the Model Law, some three decades after the New York Convention
was concluded, the _kompetenz-kompetenz_ principle was still “thought to be
somewhat controversial” (see _Holtzmann & Neuhaus_ at p 479) and had yet to be
accepted into all national laws (see _Analytical Commentary on Draft Text of a
Model Law on International Commercial Arbitration_ , UN Doc A/CN.9/264 at p
37).

43 The drafters of the New York Convention were thus not exercised by the need
to deal with the competing claims of the court and the arbitral tribunal to
rule on the latter’s jurisdiction; they had the rather more limited aim of
obliging national courts’ _recognition_ of arbitration clauses. Commentators
appear largely united in the view that Art II(3) of the New York Convention is
silent or, at best, equivocal as to the standard of review which a court
should adopt when it is faced with a stay application: see _Gary Born_ at pp
1054–1055; Julian D M Lew, Loukas A Mistelis & Stephan Kröll, _Comparative
International Commercial Arbitration_ (Kluwer Law International, 2003) at para
14-54; and _Recognition and Enforcement of Foreign Arbitral Awards: A Global
Commentary on the New York Convention_ (Herbert Kronke _et al_ eds) (Kluwer
Law International, 2010) at pp 108–109.

44 To summarise our review of the _travaux préparatoires_ of the Model Law,
the _kompetenz-kompetenz_ principle as encapsulated in what is now Art 16 of
the Model Law was deliberated at the sixth session of the Working Group:
_Report of the Sixth Session_ at para 58. The introduction of the _kompetenz-
kompetenz_ principle added a further dimension to the draft Model Law, which
was that of having to allocate the jurisdiction to determine an arbitral
tribunal’s jurisdiction as between the court and the arbitral tribunal. That
was not considered when Art II(3) of the New York Convention was drafted. The
adherence to Art II(3) of the New York Convention in what is now Art 8 of the
Model Law despite the emergence and incorporation of the _kompetenz-kompetenz_
principle as embodied in Art 16 of the Model Law might account for the seeming
ambivalence that is found in the _travaux préparatoires_ where the threshold
question is concerned. In a sense, Art 16 was forward-looking, while Art 8 had
its eye fixed on the past.

The position in other jurisdictions

45 We now consider the position in other jurisdictions. In this regard, we
shall confine our discussion to cases from England, the Hong Kong Special
Administrative Region (“Hong Kong SAR”) and Canada. The latter two are Model
Law jurisdictions, while England is not.

England

46 Although England has not enacted the Model Law, its case law is still
persuasive for two reasons. First, the UK’s Arbitration Act 1996 (c 23) (“the
UK Arbitration Act 1996”) was heavily influenced by the Model Law. The UK
Departmental Advisory Committee on Arbitration Law (“the UK Advisory Committee
on Arbitration Law”), in its report on the draft Bill published in July 1995
which was subsequently enacted as the UK Arbitration Act 1996 (see the _1996
Report on the Arbitration Bill_ (Chairman: The Rt Hon Lord Justice Saville) (“
_1996 Report on the Arbitration Bill_ ”) (reprinted at (1997) 13(3) Arb Int’l
275)), stated at para 4 that “at every stage in preparing a new draft Bill,
very close regard was paid to the Model Law, and it will be seen that both the
structure and the content of the July draft Bill … owe much to this model”.
Second, the stay provisions in s 9 of the UK Arbitration Act 1996 are
substantially similar to those in s 6 of the IAA. Section 6 of the IAA in fact
mirrors very closely the wording used in s 1 of the UK’s Arbitration Act 1975
(c 3) (“the UK Arbitration Act 1975”), which was the predecessor provision of
s 9 of the UK Arbitration Act 1996. Section 6 of the IAA requires the court to
stay proceedings unless it is “satisfied” that the arbitration clause is null
and void, inoperative or incapable of being performed, as does its English
counterpart. This is in contrast to Art 8 of the Model Law, which employs the
word “finds” instead of “satisfied”. We reproduce ss 9(1) and 9(4) of the UK
Arbitration Act 1996 below for convenience:

**9** **Stay of legal proceedings.**

(1) A party to an arbitration agreement against whom legal proceedings are
brought (whether by way of claim or counterclaim) in respect of a matter which
under the agreement is to be referred to arbitration may (upon notice to the
other parties to the proceedings) apply to the court in which the proceedings
have been brought to stay the proceedings so far as they concern that matter.

…

(4) On an application under this section the court shall grant a stay unless
satisfied that the arbitration agreement is null and void, inoperative or
incapable of being performed.

…

47 The UK Arbitration Act 1996 also expressly recognises the _kompetenz-
kompetenz_ principle. Section 30 thereof states that the arbitral tribunal may
“rule on its own substantive jurisdiction”, including questions as to:

(a) whether there is a valid arbitration agreement,

(b) whether the tribunal is properly constituted, and

(c) what matters have been submitted to arbitration in accordance with the
arbitration agreement.

48 The English courts generally adopt the full merits approach when hearing
stay applications under s 9 of the UK Arbitration Act 1996, subject to a
residual discretion to stay the court proceedings under the court’s inherent
jurisdiction so as to allow the arbitral tribunal to make a determination on
its own jurisdiction instead. The English position was summarised by Aikens LJ
in _Joint Stock Company “Aeroflot Russian Airlines” v Berezovsky_ [2013] 2
Lloyd’s Rep 242 (“ _Aeroflot v Berezovsky_ ”) at [73]–[79] as follows:

(a) There is a burden on the party asserting: (i) that there is a concluded
arbitration agreement; and (ii) that it covers the disputes which are the
subject of the court proceedings to prove that that is indeed the case: _Ahmad
Al-Naimi (T/A Buildmaster Construction Services) v Islamic Press Agency Inc_
[2000] 1 Lloyd’s Rep 522 at 525 _per_ Waller LJ. If that party cannot prove
either limb (i) or limb (ii), then the court has no jurisdiction to grant a
stay under s 9(1) read with s 9(4) of the UK Arbitration Act 1996.

(b) If the court cannot decide limb (i) or limb (ii) above in a summary
fashion on the written evidence, there are two courses open to it: _Birse
Construction Ltd v St David Ltd_ [1999] BLR 194 at 196 _per_ Judge Humphrey
Lloyd QC. First, the court can direct an issue to be tried pursuant to Part 62
of the English Civil Procedure Rules (“the English CPR”), which gives the
English courts the express power to “decide [the] question”, amongst others,
of whether an arbitration agreement has been concluded (see [49] below); or,
second, it can stay the court proceedings under its inherent jurisdiction (but
_not_ pursuant to s 9(1) read with s 9(4) of the UK Arbitration Act 1996) for
the putative arbitral tribunal to decide the issue of the existence and scope
of the arbitration agreement.

(c) If the court adopts the former course, it must be satisfied of the
existence and scope of the arbitration agreement on a balance of
probabilities: _Aeroflot v Berezovsky_ at [73]. If the court adopts the latter
course, it must be satisfied that there is an arguable case that the
arbitration clause is valid: _JSC BTA Bank v Ablyazov_ [2011] 2 Lloyd’s Rep
129 at [31]–[33] _per_ Christopher Clarke J.

(d) Once the party applying for a stay has established the existence of an
apparently concluded arbitration agreement that covers the matters in dispute
in the court proceedings, it is for the party resisting the stay application
to “satisf[y]” the court that the arbitration agreement is “null and void”,
“inoperative” or “incapable of being performed”. This must be proved on a
balance of probabilities: _Aeroflot v Berezovsky_ at [77].

(e) The court can, in theory, order a trial of an issue to determine whether
the arbitration agreement was “null and void”, “inoperative” or “incapable of
being performed”. But, if the evidence and possible findings going to that
issue also impinge on the substantive rights and obligations of the parties,
the court is unlikely to so order unless the trial can be confined to a
relatively circumscribed area of investigation: _A v B_ [2007] 1 Lloyd’s Rep
237 at 261 _per_ Colman J.

49 With regard to Part 62 of the English CPR, which we referred to in the
previous paragraph, r 62.8(3) thereof makes express provision for the English
courts to determine issues concerning the existence or scope of an arbitration
clause. It states:

(3) Where a question arises as to whether –

(a) an arbitration agreement has been concluded; or

(b) the dispute which is the subject-matter of the proceedings falls within
the terms of such an agreement,

the court may decide that question or give directions to enable it to be
decided and may order the proceedings to be stayed pending its decision.

Hong Kong SAR

50 Unlike the English courts, the courts of Hong Kong SAR generally adopt the
_prima facie_ approach when hearing applications for a stay of court
proceedings in favour of arbitration. In _Private Company “Triple V” Inc v
Star (Universal) Co Ltd & Another_ [1995] 2 HKLR 62 (“ _Triple V_ ”), a
decision of the Hong Kong SAR Court of Appeal, Litton VP (with whom Liu JA and
Keith J agreed) said at 65, quoting the judge in the court below:

The judge said this:

‘There is prima facie evidence of a dispute between the Plaintiff and D1 in
relation to [Contract No 1034HK] and an arbitrator ought to be appointed to
arbitrate their dispute. It will be for the arbitrator to decide the effect,
if any, of the alleged subsequent agreement cancelling the contract.’

I agree. If the judge were to go into the matter more deeply, he would in
effect be usurping the function of the arbitrator. Whilst, clearly, the judge
had to make a judgment as to whether there existed an underlying agreement to
arbitrate, he could do no more than to form a _prima facie_ view. Here, in
exercising his jurisdiction under Article 11(3) [of the Fifth Schedule to the
Arbitration Ordinance (Cap 341) (HK)], Leonard, J. in effect asked himself
whether it was arguable that Contract No. 1034HK still subsisted, despite the
existence of the subsequent agreement. This seems to me the correct approach.

51 _Triple V_ was cited with approval by the Hong Kong SAR Court of Appeal in
_PCCW Global Ltd v Interactive Communications Service Ltd_ [2007] 1 HKLRD 309.
Tang VP, who delivered the judgment of the court in that case, cited the
passage in _Triple V_ quoted above, and distinguished the English position by
emphasising the absence of an equivalent of r 62.8(3) of the English CPR in
the Hong Kong SAR’s civil procedure rules. Tang VP said at [60]:

It is important for the court not to usurp the function of the arbitrators,
and unless the point is clear, the matter should be stayed for arbitration. In
that respect, the absence of provisions similar to [r 62.8(3) of the English
CPR] … is significant. In Hong Kong, we do not believe the court should
attempt to resolve that issue, even though under art. 16(3) of the Model Law,
the court has the power to decide the question of jurisdiction after
determination of the question by the arbitral tribunal as a preliminary
question.

The _prima facie_ standard is well settled in Hong Kong SAR and has also been
applied by its courts at first instance: _T v TS_ [2014] 4 HKLRD 772 at [16]
and _Ling Yan Temple Ltd v Ng Yook Man_ [2010] HKEC 734 at [18].

Canada

52 Turning to the position in Canada, the leading decision there is that of
the Supreme Court of Canada in _Union des consommateurs v Dell Computer Corp_
[2007] 2 SCR 801 (“ _Dell Computer_ ”). The majority in that case likewise
preferred the _prima facie_ approach, but with a caveat, which we shall come
to in a moment. _Dell Computer_ was a decision concerning Quebec’s Code of
Civil Procedure (Cap C-25), the relevant provisions of which read as follows:

940.1. Where an action is brought regarding a dispute in a matter on which the
parties have an arbitration agreement, the court shall refer them to
arbitration on the application of either of them unless the case has been
inscribed in the roll or it finds the agreement null.

…

943\. The arbitrators may decide the matter of their own competence.

943.1. If the arbitrators declare themselves competent during the arbitration
proceedings, a party may within thirty days of being notified thereof apply to
the court for a decision on that matter.

While such a case is pending, the arbitrators may pursue the arbitration
proceedings and make their award.

943.2. A decision of the court during the arbitration proceedings recognizing
the competence of the arbitrators is final and without appeal.

53 Deschamps J (with whom McLachlin CJ, Binnie, Abella, Charron and Rothstein
JJ concurred) observed that the _prima facie_ test was “increasingly gaining
acceptance around the world”: _Dell Computer_ at [83]. She said that any
question relating to an arbitral tribunal’s jurisdiction should, as a general
rule, first be resolved by the arbitral tribunal itself. The exception was
where the dispute as to jurisdiction could be resolved purely as a matter of
law. Deschamps J thought that this exception was justified for several
reasons, namely (_Dell Computer_ at [84]):

… [t]he courts’ expertise in resolving such questions, … the fact that the
court is the forum to which the parties apply first when requesting referral
and … the rule that an arbitrator’s decision regarding his or her jurisdiction
can be reviewed by a court. It allows a legal argument relating to the
arbitrator’s jurisdiction to be resolved once and for all, and also allows the
parties to avoid duplication of a strictly legal debate. In addition, the
danger that a party will obstruct the process by manipulating procedural rules
will be reduced, since the court must not, in ruling on the arbitrator’s
jurisdiction, consider the facts leading to the application of the arbitration
clause.

54 However, Deschamps J also made it clear that as long as the challenge to an
arbitral tribunal’s jurisdiction required the production and review of factual
evidence, the court should refer the issue to the arbitral tribunal itself.
The same was said for questions of mixed law and fact, unless those questions
required only superficial consideration of the documentary evidence already in
the record: _Dell Computer_ at [85]. Deschamps J also said that before the
court departed from the general rule that the arbitral tribunal should first
hear disputes as to its own jurisdiction, the court should be satisfied that
the challenge to the arbitral tribunal’s jurisdiction was not a delay tactic
and would not unduly impair the conduct of the arbitral proceedings: _Dell
Computer_ at [86]. Deschamps J considered and rejected a suggestion that a
distinction should be drawn between cases where the validity of the
arbitration clause was in question, as opposed to cases where only the scope
of the arbitration clause was in question.

55 The dichotomy between validity and scope formed the basis of the position
taken by the dissenting judges in _Dell Computer_ , Bastarache and LeBel JJ.
They thought that the question of an arbitral tribunal’s jurisdiction should
not be deferred to the arbitral tribunal where the validity of the arbitration
agreement was in question (_Dell Computer_ at [176]), save that in
circumstances which “truly merit the label ‘international commercial
arbitration’, it may be more efficient to submit all questions regarding
jurisdiction for the arbitrator to hear at first instance”: _Dell Computer_ at
[178].

56 The _prima facie_ approach has also been adopted and applied in Canadian
provinces other than Quebec. The leading cases in British Columbia and Ontario
are the decisions of their respective Courts of Appeal in _Gulf Canada
Resources Ltd/Ressources Gulf Canada Ltée v Arochem International Ltd_ (1992)
66 BCLR (2d) 113 (“ _Gulf Canada_ ”) and _Dalimpex v Janicki_ (2003) 228 DLR
(4th) 179 (“ _Dalimpex_ ”). Both _Gulf Canada_ and _Dalimpex_ were cited with
approval by the majority in _Dell Computer_ at [82]. All three cases were
applied recently in New Brunswick in _Harrison v UBS Holding Canada Ltd_
(2014) 418 NBR (2d) 328, where the New Brunswick Court of Appeal accepted the
_prima facie_ approach, and held that the judge at first instance erred in
applying a balance of probabilities test to determine the existence and
applicability of an arbitration clause on an application for a stay of court
proceedings in favour of arbitration (at [26]).

The position in Singapore

57 Against that background, we turn to the position in Singapore. There are
three Singapore decisions which have addressed the threshold question, and all
of them have adopted the _prima facie_ approach. The first is the decision of
this court in _Sim Chay Koon and others v NTUC Income Insurance Co-operative
Limited_ [2015] SGCA 46, an _ex tempore_ judgment where we observed at [5], in
the context of a stay application under s 6(1) of the Arbitration Act (Cap 10,
2002 Rev Ed), that the _prima facie_ standard was the applicable one.

58 The second is _The Titan Unity_ [2013] SGHCR 28, a decision of the learned
Assistant Registrar (“AR”), Mr Shaun Leong Li Shiong. There, the plaintiff
bank provided financing to a company (“Onsys”) for the purchase of a cargo of
fuel. The plaintiff, as the lawful holder of the bills of lading, brought a
misdelivery claim against the owner of the vessel on which the cargo was
shipped as well as against the alleged demise charterer of the vessel
(“Oceanic”). Oceanic applied for a stay of the court proceedings under s 6 of
the IAA, arguing that the arbitration clause in the time charterparty between
it and Onsys had been incorporated into the bills of lading on the basis of
which the plaintiff brought its claim. AR Leong examined a number of the
authorities discussed above and concluded (at [34] of _The Titan Unity_):

… [T]he court only needs to be satisfied that an arbitration agreement exists
on a _prima facie_ level for the purposes of establishing the first
precondition under section 6(1) [of the IAA]. This first precondition [_ie_ ,
the existence of a valid arbitration agreement] will not be met only in the
clearest and most obvious of cases. This is not to say that the court should
accept _prima facie_ evidence of an arbitration agreement when it is clearly
inconsistent with undisputed documentary and contemporaneous evidence, nor
should the court accept uncritically every fact placed on the affidavits in
support of the stay application. …

AR Leong thought that the _prima facie_ threshold had been crossed on the
facts of the case, and granted the stay.

59 The third Singapore decision is _Malini Ventura v Knight Capital Pte Ltd
and others_ [2015] SGHC 225 (“ _Ventura v Knight Capital_ ”), a judgment of
Judith Prakash J which was issued shortly after we heard oral arguments in the
present appeals. In _Ventura v Knight Capital_ , the defendant lenders
commenced arbitration against the plaintiff (“Ms Ventura”), a purported
guarantor for a loan under a deed of guarantee containing an arbitration
clause, after the borrower had defaulted in making repayment of the loan. Ms
Ventura’s position was that the deed of guarantee was a nullity because she
had never signed it. She commenced an action in the High Court to restrain the
lenders from continuing with the arbitral proceedings against her.

60 The lenders applied under s 6 of the IAA for a stay of the court
proceedings. They urged the court to adopt the _prima facie_ approach and
defer the question of the existence of the arbitration agreement to the
arbitral tribunal (which had already been constituted). Ms Ventura, on the
other hand, argued that in situations where a party “denied ever entering into
the alleged arbitration agreement so that its very existence [was] brought
into question”, the court should adopt the full merits approach and determine
the question of whether any arbitration agreement had been reached based on
the usual civil standard of a balance of probabilities after a full trial:
_Ventura v Knight Capital_ at [24].

61 Prakash J described the issue before her as “the chicken and the egg
question”: _Ventura v Knight Capital_ at [19]. She began by considering the
position under the Model Law. She observed that under the Model Law regime,
the court’s consideration of whether an arbitral tribunal had jurisdiction
“must come after the tribunal’s own examination of the issue” (at [28]). She
also observed that under the Model Law, an arbitral tribunal’s powers were
wide and extended to ruling on the very existence of the arbitration agreement
in question. Prakash J next turned to consider the position under s 6 of the
IAA. She held that the IAA had been enacted to incorporate the Model Law as
part of Singapore law, and strictly circumscribed court intervention in
arbitral proceedings. Prakash J concluded that the regime in force under the
IAA “gives primacy to the tribunal although, of course, the court still has an
important role to play” (at [36]). She thought that “it would satisfy the
rights of both parties if the party applying for the stay was able to show on
a _prima facie_ basis that the arbitration agreement existed” (likewise at
[36]). She therefore adopted the _prima facie_ approach and, in doing so, she
distinguished the position in England. She recognised that ss 6(1) and 6(2) of
the IAA were worded similarly to ss 9(1) and 9(4) of the UK Arbitration Act
1996, but pointed out that “the context of the two sections is not the same”
(at [35]). Prakash J alluded to the “logical discomfort” of adopting the
_prima facie_ approach in cases where the very existence of the arbitration
agreement was in question (at [37]). She thought, however, that that
discomfort had to be put aside in the light of the widespread acceptance and
effect of the _kompetenz-kompetenz_ principle.

62 On the facts of the case before her, Prakash J held that the lenders had
established a _prima facie_ case that the deed of guarantee had been signed by
Ms Ventura despite her protestations otherwise. Prakash J therefore stayed the
court proceedings in favour of arbitration.

63 The _prima facie_ approach was also the view urged upon us by the _amicus
curiae_ , Prof Boo. We agree that a Singapore court should adopt a _prima
facie_ standard of review when hearing a stay application under s 6 of the
IAA. In our judgment, a court hearing such a stay application should grant a
stay in favour of arbitration if the applicant is able to establish a _prima
facie_ case that:

(a) there is a valid arbitration agreement between the parties to the court
proceedings;

(b) the dispute in the court proceedings (or any part thereof) falls within
the scope of the arbitration agreement; and

(c) the arbitration agreement is not null and void, inoperative or incapable
of being performed.

64 Once this burden has been discharged by the party applying for a stay, the
court should grant a stay and defer the actual determination of the arbitral
tribunal’s jurisdiction to the tribunal itself. The court will only refuse to
grant a stay when it is clear on the evidence placed before it that one or
more of the above three requirements have not been satisfied. The arbitral
tribunal’s determination of its jurisdiction will nonetheless remain subject
to overriding court supervision in the form of an appeal under s 10(3) of the
IAA against the arbitral tribunal’s jurisdictional ruling, or in proceedings
for setting aside or refusing enforcement of the award rendered by the
arbitral tribunal (see, respectively, s 24 of the IAA and Art 34 of the Model
Law, and s 31 of the IAA).

65 We part company with the English position and adopt the _prima facie_
approach for the purposes of the threshold question essentially for four
reasons. First, the _prima facie_ approach coheres better with what we
consider was envisaged by the drafters of the IAA. The earliest iteration of
the IAA (_viz_ , the International Arbitration Act 1994 (Act 23 of 1994) (“the
original IAA”)) was enacted in 1994, and it drew heavily from the
recommendations made in the _Report of the Sub-committee on Review of
Arbitration Laws_ (1993) (Chairman: Giam Chin Toon) (“ _1993 Report on Review
of Arbitration Laws_ ”). That report included a draft Bill, which was
considered and adopted with amendments by the Singapore Academy of Law’s Law
Reform Committee, and this subsequently resulted in the enactment of the
original IAA in 1994 (see the remarks of Assoc Prof Ho Peng Kee, the then
Parliamentary Secretary to the Minister for Law, at the second reading of the
International Arbitration Bill 1994 (Bill 14 of 1994) (“the 1994 International
Arbitration Bill”): _Singapore Parliamentary Debates, Official Report_ (31
October 1994) vol 63 (“ _Singapore Parliamentary Debates_ vol 63”) at cols
627–628).

66 The _1993 Report on Review of Arbitration Laws_ stated at paras 37–38:

37\. … [T]he principle of severability and autonomy of arbitration clauses is
sound. _Article 16 of the Model Law, which expressly empowers the arbitral
tribunal to rule on its own jurisdiction (including the existence and validity
of the arbitration agreement), is a statement of prevailing international
arbitral jurisprudence._ There is no need for Singapore to wait for the courts
to arrive at the same conclusion by a Darwinian process. The Committee thus
recommends the adoption of Article 16 in respect of international
arbitrations.

38\. _In allowing appeals on issues of jurisdiction to the court, the Model
Law ensures that the arbitral tribunal will not be allowed to assume
jurisdiction where it has none._ …

[emphasis added; original emphasis omitted]

It is implicit, if not explicit, in this passage that the arbitral tribunal is
to be the first arbiter of its own jurisdiction, with the court having the
final say. This point is underscored by an earlier recommendation made in the
_1993 Report on Review of Arbitration Laws_ at para 23 to confine the scope of
curial intervention to three narrow and well-defined areas:

In the Committee’s view, intervention should be allowed only in the following
limited circumstances which are contemplated by the Model Law:

(a) _challenge of arbitral jurisdiction [Article 16(3)]_ ;

(b) challenge of the arbitral tribunal on grounds of partiality [Article 12];

(c) setting aside the award on the grounds of [Article 34] ...

…

[emphasis added]

These two passages, in our judgment, support the construction of s 6 of the
IAA as requiring the _prima facie_ approach where the threshold question is
concerned.

67 Second, to require the court, on a stay application under s 6 of the IAA,
to undertake a full determination of an arbitral tribunal’s jurisdiction could
significantly hollow the _kompetenz-kompetenz_ principle of its practical
effect. The full merits approach has the potential to reduce an arbitral
tribunal’s _kompetenz-kompetenz_ to a contingency dependent on the strategic
choices of the claimant in a putative arbitration. If the claimant decides to
pursue its claim by arbitration, the arbitral tribunal will determine any
challenge to its jurisdiction, and thus, its _kompetenz-kompetenz_ will be
given full vent. But, if the claimant decides to pursue its claim by bringing
proceedings in court (_instead_ of by recourse to arbitration), the court will
be seized of jurisdiction, and will be able (and, indeed, on the full merits
approach, obliged) to make a full determination on the existence and scope of
the arbitration clause; this will deprive the putative arbitral tribunal of
its _kompetenz-kompetenz_. In our view, the strength of the _kompetenz-
kompetenz_ principle cannot depend on the arbitrary choice of the claimant as
to whether it will pursue its claim by way of court proceedings or by way of
arbitration. That undermines the principles of judicial non-intervention and
_kompetenz-kompetenz_ which were at the forefront in the drafting of the Model
Law and the enactment of the original IAA (see Assoc Prof Ho’s remarks at the
second reading of the 1994 International Arbitration Bill: _Singapore
Parliamentary Debates_ vol 63 at cols 625–626). We should point out that the
strain which the English position puts on these principles of judicial non-
intervention and _kompetenz-kompetenz_ has not escaped criticism (see
_Arbitration Law_ (Robert Merkin gen ed) (informa, Looseleaf Ed, 15 August
2011 release) at para 8.21, as well as David Joseph QC, _Jurisdiction and
Arbitration Agreements and their Enforcement_ (Sweet & Maxwell, 2nd Ed, 2010)
(“ _Jurisdiction and Arbitration Agreements_ ”) at pp 346–347). This
difficulty is avoided if the _prima facie_ approach is adopted.

68 Third, we consider that the fear of resource duplication which, it is said,
will arise from the _prima facie_ approach is overstated. A robust recognition
and enforcement of the _kompetenz-kompetenz_ principle may, on the contrary,
deter a plaintiff from commencing proceedings in court in the face of an
arbitration agreement. The plaintiff will be well aware that the court will
stay the proceedings in favour of arbitration except in cases where the
arbitration clause is _clearly_ invalid or inapplicable. The author of
_Jurisdiction and Arbitration Agreements_ also argues (at p 346), albeit
anecdotally, that the parties to an arbitration are likely to accept a well-
reasoned jurisdictional determination rendered by an arbitral tribunal without
appealing against it, and this would avoid re-litigation of the same issue.
Parties that attempt to protract proceedings by making unmeritorious appeals
against an arbitral tribunal’s jurisdictional determination also face the
prospect of an adverse costs order under s 10(7) of the IAA.

69 Finally, contrary to what the English Court of Appeal suggested in
_Aeroflot v Berezovsky_ at [73], we do not think the word “satisfied” in s
6(2) of the IAA suggests that the court is required to conduct a full merits
review when it is faced with the threshold question. The UK Advisory Committee
on Arbitration Law, in the _1996 Report on the Arbitration Bill_ (cited at
[46] above), stated at para 54 that the language used in what is now s 9 of
the UK Arbitration Act 1996 was “the language of the Model Law and of course
of the [New York Convention], presently to be found in the [UK] Arbitration
Act 1975”. The drafters of the UK Arbitration Act 1996 thus did not draw a
distinction between the term used in the English legislation (“satisfied”) and
that used in the Model Law (“finds”). We have expressed the view above that
the Model Law, as can be seen from its _travaux préparatoires_ , is equivocal
on the appropriate approach to take with regard to the threshold question, and
thus, we do not think the use of the word “satisfied” brings the matter
further one way or another. If anything, a textual analysis of s 6(2) of the
IAA, which replaces the word “finds” in Art 8(1) of the Model Law with
“satisfied”, would favour a _prima facie_ threshold rather than a
determination on a balance of probabilities.

70 We therefore hold that in considering a stay application under s 6 of the
IAA, the court need only be satisfied to a _prima facie_ standard that the
requirements for the grant of a stay under that section have been met before
ordering a stay. Our subsequent discussion of the issues in these appeals
should therefore be construed in this light by any arbitral tribunal that
might in due course hear the dispute in the Suit.

Whether a dispute over minority oppression or unfairly prejudicial conduct is
arbitrable

The concept of arbitrability

71 We turn now to the question of arbitrability. The absence of arbitrability
has come to be associated with that class of disputes which are thought to be
incapable of settlement by arbitration. The concept of arbitrability has a
reasonably solid core. It covers matters which “so pervasively involve
‘public’ rights and concerns, or interests of third parties, which are the
subjects of uniquely governmental authority, that agreements to resolve …
disputes [over such matters] by ‘private’ arbitration should not be given
effect”: _Gary Born_ at p 945. However, the outer limits of its sphere of
application are less clear. Lord Mustill and Stewart Boyd QC, for instance,
suggest that “[i]t would be wrong … to draw … any general rule that criminal,
admiralty, family or company matters cannot be referred to arbitration”:
Michael J Mustill & Stewart C Boyd, _The Law and Practice of Commercial
Arbitration in England_ (Butterworths, 2nd Ed, 1999) at pp 149–150.

72 Arbitrability may be relevant to an arbitration at both its initial and its
terminal stages. At the terminal stage, an award rendered on a non-arbitrable
dispute is liable to be set aside or refused enforcement: Art 34(2)(_b_)(i) of
the Model Law and s 31(4)(_a_) of the IAA. It must follow from this that the
non-arbitrability of a dispute will be a ground for refusing a stay of court
proceedings in favour of arbitration. Indeed, in the court below, this was
assumed to be the case by the parties as well as by the Judge. After all, it
would be pointless for the court to stay court proceedings in favour of
arbitration in cases where the applicable law does not permit the subject
matter of the dispute to be resolved by arbitration, since to grant a stay in
such circumstances would be to compel an arbitration which may lead to an
award without force or legal value: _Larsen Oil and Gas Pte Ltd v Petroprod
Ltd (in official liquidation in the Cayman Islands and in compulsory
liquidation in Singapore)_ [2011] 3 SLR 414 (“ _Larsen Oil v Petroprod_ ”) at
[26].

73 This leads us to the relevance of arbitrability at the initial stage of an
arbitration. Section 6(2) of the IAA, which sets out the circumstances in
which the court may _refuse_ a stay of court proceedings in favour of
arbitration, does not include the non-arbitrability of the subject matter of
the dispute as one of the grounds for refusing a stay. Instead, s 6(2) states
that a stay may only be refused if the arbitration agreement in question is
“null and void”, “inoperative” or “incapable of being performed”. The
exclusion of non-arbitrability in express terms might seem to give rise to an
“apparent inconsistency” (see _Holtzmann & Neuhaus_ at p 303). But, as noted
in the same work, this has “little, if any, effect” in practice for two
reasons: first, Art 1(5) of the Model Law preserves the force of the State’s
laws on arbitrability; and second, “the term ‘null and void’ would ‘normally’
include considerations of arbitrability” (see _Holtzmann & Neuhaus_ at p 304).

74 We accept that a dispute concerning a non-arbitrable subject matter would
fall within one or more of the three exceptions in s 6(2) of the IAA that
permit a court to refuse a stay of court proceedings in favour of arbitration.
The English Court of Appeal expressed a tentative preference for fitting a
non-arbitrable dispute within the “inoperative” limb of s 9(4) of the UK
Arbitration Act 1996 in _Fulham Football Club (1987) Ltd v Richards and
another_ [2012] Ch 333 (“ _Fulham FC v Richards_ ”) at [35]–[36]. In our
judgment, an arbitration agreement would be either “inoperative” or “incapable
of being performed” in relation to a dispute which involves a subject matter
that is not arbitrable. The real issue then is as to the proper ambit of
arbitrability.

75 The concept of arbitrability finds legislative expression in s 11 of the
IAA, which reads as follows:

**Public policy and arbitrability**

**11.** —(1) Any dispute which the parties have agreed to submit to
arbitration under an arbitration agreement may be determined by arbitration
_unless it is contrary to public policy to do so_.

(2) The fact that any written law confers jurisdiction in respect of any
matter on any court of law but does not refer to the determination of that
matter by arbitration shall not, of itself, indicate that a dispute about that
matter is not capable of determination by arbitration.

[emphasis added]

It is evident from this that the essential criterion of non-arbitrability is
whether the subject matter of the dispute is of such a nature as to make it
contrary to public policy for that dispute to be resolved by arbitration.
Beyond this, the scope and extent of the concept of arbitrability has been
left undefined, as a consequence of which, it falls to the courts to trace its
proper contours (see the _1993 Report on Review of Arbitration Laws_ at paras
26–28; _Larsen Oil v Petroprod_ at [24]).

76 In our judgment, the effect of s 11 of the IAA is that there will
ordinarily be a presumption of arbitrability so long as a dispute falls within
the scope of an arbitration clause. This presumption may be rebutted by
showing that (_Larsen Oil v Petroprod_ at [44]):

(a) Parliament intended to preclude a particular type of dispute from being
arbitrated (as evidenced by either the text or the legislative history of the
statute in question); or

(b) it would be contrary to the public policy considerations involved in that
type of dispute to permit it to be resolved by arbitration.

77 In _Larsen Oil v Petroprod_ , this court found that the above conditions
were satisfied, and the presumption of arbitrability was accordingly rebutted.
In that case, the respondent (“Petroprod”), which was in liquidation,
commenced proceedings against the appellant (“Larsen”), with whom it had a
management agreement. Petroprod sought to avoid, as unfair preferences or
transactions at an undervalue, payments that it had made to Larsen under the
management agreement. Relying on an arbitration clause in that agreement,
Larsen applied for a stay of the court proceedings. Petroprod resisted the
stay application on the grounds that the dispute did not fall within the scope
of the arbitration clause, and that in any event, the dispute was not
arbitrable. Petroprod succeeded on the first point, which was sufficient to
warrant the High Court’s dismissal of Larsen’s stay application; but, on
appeal by Larsen, we nonetheless proceeded to consider whether claims made
pursuant to the avoidance provisions in ss 98 and 99 of the Bankruptcy Act
(Cap 20, 2009 Rev Ed) read with s 329(1) of the Companies Act were arbitrable,
and affirmed the High Court’s decision that they were not. We explained that
allowing the arbitration of claims which arose upon insolvency would run
contrary to the objectives of the insolvency regime (_Larsen Oil v Petroprod_
at [45]):

… Many of the statutory provisions in the insolvency regime are in place to
recoup for the benefit of the company’s creditors losses caused by the
misfeasance and/or malfeasance of its former management. This is especially
true of the avoidance and wrongful trading provisions. This objective could be
compromised if a company’s pre-insolvency management had the ability to
restrict the avenues by which the company’s creditors could enforce the very
statutory remedies which were meant to protect them against the company’s
management. It is … not [an] unimportant consideration that some of these
remedies may include claims against former management who would not be parties
to any arbitration agreement. The need to avoid different findings by
different adjudicators is another reason why a collective enforcement
procedure is clearly in the wider public interest.

78 Another area widely regarded as non-arbitrable is the liquidation of an
insolvent company by the court. In _Four Pillars Enterprises Co Ltd v
Beiersdorf Aktiengesellschaft_ [1999] 1 SLR(R) 382, we observed in passing (at
[23]) that a winding-up order was a relief which was not available in
arbitration, and that “[o]nly the court could grant such relief”.

79 The issue of whether a dispute over the liquidation of a company is
arbitrable was given fuller treatment in _A Best Floor Sanding Pty Ltd v Skyer
Australia Pty Ltd_ [1999] VSC 170 (“ _Skyer Australia_ ”), a first instance
decision of the Supreme Court of Victoria. The applicant in that case (“AB
Floor”) and the respondent (“Skyer”) merged their respective businesses by
establishing a joint venture company (“Harvest”), with each of them holding
50% of Harvest’s shares. The joint venture agreement between AB Floor and
Skyer provided that “any dispute, difference or question … touching [on] the
association [between AB Floor and Skyer] or … the dissolution or winding up
thereof” was to be settled by arbitration: _Skyer Australia_ at [6]. Skyer
made an application in its capacity as a contributory to wind up Harvest. In
response, AB Floor applied for a stay of Skyer’s application in favour of
arbitration.

80 Warren J held that the arbitration clause was null and void, and refused to
grant the stay. She said at [13] and [18]:

13 … _The Corporations Law controls by statutory force the creation and demise
of the company; it oversees the birth, the life and [the] death of the
company. Such matters cannot and ought not be subject to private contractual
arrangement._

…

18 _The application by AB Floor to stay the winding up application strikes at
the very heart of the corporation structure enshrined in the Corporations
Law._ The arbitration clause in the joint venture agreement is null and void
insofar as it purports to subject the parties to an arbitration with respect
to the dissolution or winding up of [Harvest]. _The provision is null and void
because it has the effect of obviating the statutory regime for the winding up
of a company._ Moreso [_sic_], the arbitration clause, if adhered to, would
frustrate the contributory, [Skyer,] in its efforts to seek relief from the
court under the winding up provisions of the [Corporations] Law. In essence,
the arbitration clause in the joint venture agreement is contrary to the
provisions of the Corporations Law and cannot be applied.

[emphasis added]

81 More recently, in _In re Cybernaut Growth Fund LP_ Cause No FSD 73 of 2013
(23 July 2013) (unreported) (“ _Cybernaut_ ”), Judge Andrew Jones QC, sitting
in the Financial Services Division of the Grand Court of the Cayman Islands,
held that a petition for the liquidation of an exempted limited partnership
was non-arbitrable. The learned judge stated that two reasons militated
against the conclusion that such a petition was arbitrable (at [7]):

… As a matter of principle … _this type of dispute is non-arbitrable for two
inter-related reasons. Firstly, a winding up order (whether relating to a
company or an exempted limited partnership) is an order_ in rem _which is
capable of affecting third parties_. Because the source of an arbitral
tribunal’s power is contractual, its scope is necessarily limited to making
orders which will be binding only upon the contracting parties. _Secondly, any
dispute about who should be appointed as a liquidator of a company or exempted
limited partnership is a matter involving the public interest, especially if
it is carrying on a regulated business_. The shareholders of a solvent company
and the partners of a solvent exempted partnership are given a free hand to
appoint whomsoever they please as a voluntary liquidator. If a company or
partnership is or may be insolvent, or the liquidation is brought under the
supervision of the Court for whatever reason, a qualified insolvency
practitioner must be appointed in place of the shareholders/partners’ chosen
liquidator. _There is a public interest in ensuring that all businesses are
properly liquidated in the interests of all their stakeholders. The
appointment of a liquidator in these circumstances is therefore a public
process which is not suitable for determination in private by an arbitral
tribunal, even where all the shareholders/partners are themselves parties to
an arbitration agreement in terms wide enough to encompass a dispute about the
appointment or removal of a voluntary liquidator._ … [emphasis added]

82 The first of the two reasons given by Judge Jones QC for his finding of
non-arbitrability in part concerns the inadequacy of the remedies that an
arbitrator may grant, as compared to the remedies that may be within a court’s
jurisdictional competence to grant. This factor was also relied on by the
Judge in this case in dismissing the stay applications before him. We agree
that it is beyond the powers of an arbitrator to liquidate a company, but we
do not agree that an arbitrator’s lack of power to grant a particular relief
sought should _necessarily_ dictate the outcome of the inquiry into the
arbitrability of the dispute in respect of which that relief is sought. The
simple point is that it just does not follow from the limitations which might
apply to an arbitrator’s powers that the dispute itself is thus unsuitable for
resolution by arbitration. We shall develop this point further at [96]–[100]
below.

83 As for Judge Jones QC’s second reason for ruling in _Cybernaut_ that the
dispute before him was non-arbitrable, we do regard that as compelling. In our
judgment, a dispute over the liquidation of an insolvent company is non-
arbitrable because such a liquidation is a process in which the greater public
beyond the parties to the dispute have an interest. A creditor’s winding-up
petition seeks “an order to put a company into an insolvent liquidation that
will affect the interests of all creditors as well as of all members”:
_Gamlestaden Fastigheter AB v Baltic Partners Ltd and others_ [2007] Bus LR
1521 at [32] _per_ Lord Scott of Foscote. Because of this, a person who
presents a winding-up application is required to advertise the application
under the Companies (Winding Up) Rules (Cap 50, R 1, 2006 Rev Ed) (“the
Companies (Winding Up) Rules”). The advertisement plays a crucial role in
protecting the interests of parties whose rights stand to be adversely
affected by the grant of a winding-up order, and who therefore have a right to
be heard. In _Re a Company (No 007923 of 1994)_ [1995] 1 WLR 953, Nourse LJ
said at 958F–958H that an advertisement served the purpose of giving notice
primarily to creditors and contributories who were entitled to be heard on the
winding-up application, and secondarily, to those who might trade with the
company in the window between the filing of the winding-up application and its
final determination, and “who might thus be adversely affected by the
provisions of the insolvency regime”.

84 In our judgment, a claim for relief under s 216 of the Companies Act stands
on a different footing from the liquidation of an insolvent company or
avoidance claims that arise upon insolvency because the former _generally_
does not engage the public policy considerations involved in the latter two
situations. There is certainly nothing in the text of s 216 to suggest an
express or implied preclusion of arbitration. Nor does the legislative history
and statutory purpose of the provision suggest that a dispute over minority
oppression or unfair prejudice is of a nature which makes it contrary to
public policy for the dispute to be adjudicated by an arbitral tribunal.

85 Section 216 of the Companies Act first featured as s 181 of the Companies
Act 1967 (Act 42 of 1967), the earliest iteration of what is now the Companies
Act (as defined at [1] above). Section 216 has been preserved almost unchanged
since its introduction, save for (among other minor amendments) an amendment
in 1984 _vide_ the Companies (Amendment) Act 1984 (Act 15 of 1984), pursuant
to which the court was conferred the power to sanction a derivative action:
see s 216(2)(_c_). Section 216 of the Companies Act was modelled on s 210 of
the Companies Act 1948 (c 38) (UK) (“the UK Companies Act 1948”), which, in
turn, was enacted pursuant to a recommendation by the UK Committee on Company
Law Amendment (“the Cohen Committee”) in 1945. The Cohen Committee’s
recommendation was its response to a perceived need to “strengthen the
minority shareholders of a private company in resisting oppression by the
majority”: _Report of the Committee on Company Law Amendment_ (Cmd 6659, 1945)
(Chairman: Mr Justice Cohen) (“ _Report of the Cohen Committee_ ”) at para 60.

86 The _Report of the Cohen Committee_ (at paras 59–60) gave two examples of
such “oppression by the majority”. The first was the hardship occasioned by
reason of restrictions on share transfers in private companies when a minority
shareholder passed away. Such restrictions allowed the majority (who were also
usually directors of the company concerned) to force the executors of the
minority shareholder’s estate to sell the deceased’s shareholding to the
majority at extortionate prices. The second example concerned the payment of
excessive remuneration to directors, which resulted in there being little or
nothing left for dividend distributions to shareholders. The Cohen Committee
proposed that the court be given an “unfettered” discretion to impose on the
disputing parties whatever settlement it considered just and reasonable in
such circumstances. This proposal gave rise to s 210 of the UK Companies Act
1948. The subsequent 1962 UK Committee on Company Law Amendment (more commonly
known as “the Jenkins Committee”), when reviewing s 210, emphasised that it
was intended to deal with management disputes between shareholders of
privately-run companies: _Report of the Committee on Company Law Amendment_
(Cmnd 1749, 1962) (Chairman: Lord Jenkins) at para 199.

87 Section 216 of the Companies Act has undoubtedly increased in scope and
prevalence from the two narrow instances of minority oppression that were
initially referenced by the Cohen Committee in 1945. But, the essence of a
claim for relief under this provision remains the same. A modern statement of
the nature of such a claim is found in a famous passage of Lord Hoffmann’s
judgment in _O’Neill and Another v Phillips and Others_ [1999] 1 WLR 1092 (“
_O’Neill v Phillips_ ”) at 1098–1099 in relation to s 459 of the Companies Act
1985 (c 6) (UK), the then English equivalent of s 216 of the Companies Act:

In the case of section 459, the background has the following two features.
First, a company is an association of persons for an economic purpose, usually
entered into with legal advice and some degree of formality. The terms of the
association are contained in the articles of association and sometimes in
collateral agreements between the shareholders. Thus the manner in which the
affairs of the company may be conducted is closely regulated by rules to which
the shareholders have agreed. Secondly, company law has developed seamlessly
from the law of partnership, which was treated by equity, like the Roman
societas, as a contract of good faith. One of the traditional roles of equity,
as a separate jurisdiction, was to restrain the exercise of strict legal
rights in certain relationships in which it considered that this would be
contrary to good faith. These principles have, with appropriate modification,
been carried over into company law.

The first of these two features leads to the conclusion that a member of a
company will not ordinarily be entitled to complain of unfairness unless there
has been some breach of the terms on which he agreed that the affairs of the
company should be conducted. But the second leads to the conclusion that there
will be cases in which equitable considerations make it unfair for those
conducting the affairs of the company to rely upon their strict legal powers.
Thus unfairness may consist in a breach of the rules or in using the rules in
a manner which equity would regard as contrary to good faith.

This exposition was endorsed by this court in _Lim Swee Khiang v Borden Co
(Pte) Ltd_ [2006] 4 SLR(R) 745 at [82].

88 This extract from Lord Hoffmann’s judgment in _O’Neill v Phillips_ makes it
plain that the essence of a claim for relief on the ground of oppressive or
unfairly prejudicial conduct lies in upholding the commercial agreement
between the shareholders of a company. This is irrespective of whether the
agreement is found in the formal constitutional documents of the company, in
less formal shareholders’ agreements or, in the case of quasi-partnerships, in
the legitimate expectations of the shareholders. Section 216 of the Companies
Act was not introduced to protect or further any _public_ interest. An
application for relief under s 216 of the Companies Act almost always arises
in the context of a solvent company. The role of this section was, and still
remains, that of remedying differences which sometimes inevitably arise as a
consequence of persons associating for an economic purpose through the
corporate form of a company. Section 216 is concerned with protecting the
commercial expectations of the parties to such an association. It seems to us
that if those persons choose to have their differences resolved by an arbitral
tribunal, they should be entitled to do so. There is, in general, no public
element in disputes of this nature which mandate the conclusion that it would
be contrary to public policy for them to be determined by an arbitral tribunal
rather than by a court.

89 A further point of procedure reinforces this view. This court has held that
it is “abundantly clear” that an application for relief under s 216 of the
Companies Act need not be advertised under the Companies (Winding Up) Rules,
even when winding up is sought as a relief: _Kuah Kok Kim v Chong Lee Leong
Seng Co (Pte) Ltd_ [1991] 1 SLR(R) 795 (“ _Kuah Kok Kim_ ”) at [15]. This is
because “none of the provisions in Pt X of [the then equivalent of the
Companies Act, _viz_ , the Companies Act (Cap 50, 1990 Rev Ed)], _ie_
provisions relating to winding up of companies, apply” until the court makes
an order to wind up the company pursuant to s 216(2)(_f_): _Kuah Kok Kim_ at
[10].

90 We are fortified in this conclusion by the decision of the English Court of
Appeal in _Fulham FC v Richards_ , where it held that a dispute giving rise to
a claim for relief under s 994 of the Companies Act 2006 (c 46) (UK) (“the UK
Companies Act 2006”) was arbitrable. The appellant in that case, Fulham
Football Club (1987) Ltd (“Fulham”), was a member of the second respondent,
the Football Association Premier League Ltd (“the FAPL”). The FAPL and its
members were required to comply with the FAPL’s articles of association and
rules, as well as with the rules of the English Football Association (“the
FA”). Fulham presented a petition pursuant to s 994 of the UK Companies Act
2006 for the regulation of the FAPL’s affairs. That section is substantially
similar to s 216 of the Companies Act, the only material differences being
that s 994 does not include oppressive conduct as a ground for seeking relief
and also does not allow the court to wind up the company concerned upon a
finding of unfair prejudice. (It is, however, not uncommon for a petition
under s 994 to be presented alongside a petition for winding up on the “just
and equitable” ground under s 122(1)(_g_) of the Insolvency Act 1986 (c 45)
(UK) (“the UK Insolvency Act 1986”) where winding up is sought as a potential
relief: see, _eg_ , _Practice Direction (Companies Court: Contributory’s
Petition)_ [1990] 1 WLR 490 at [1].) The allegation of unfair prejudice in
Fulham’s petition was directed at the first respondent, Sir David Richards,
who was the chairman of the FAPL, for allegedly meddling in the transfer of a
football player in breach of the FA’s rules. Fulham sought an order
restraining Sir David from interfering with the transfers of players or,
alternatively, an order for his termination as the chairman of the FA.

91 Relying on arbitration clauses in the FAPL’s and the FA’s rules, Sir David
applied for a stay of the court proceedings in favour of arbitration. Fulham
resisted the stay application, arguing that a petition under s 994 of the UK
Companies Act 2006 was non-arbitrable.

92 The English Court of Appeal rejected Fulham’s argument and overruled an
earlier English High Court decision to that effect, _Exeter City Association
Football Club Ltd v Football Conference Ltd and another_ [2004] 1 WLR 2910 (“
_Exeter City_ ”). In _Exeter City_ , Judge John Weeks QC, sitting as a deputy
judge of the English High Court, held that an unfair prejudice petition was
not arbitrable. Judge Weeks QC found Warren J’s reasoning in _Skyer Australia_
(cited at [79] above) “compelling”: _Exeter City_ at [22]. He adopted that
reasoning because he considered that there was no difference between a
winding-up petition and an unfair prejudice petition, and further, that “[t]he
statutory rights conferred on shareholders to apply for relief [on the ground
of unfair prejudice] are … inalienable and cannot be diminished or removed by
contract or otherwise”: _Exeter City_ at [23].

93 The English Court of Appeal thought otherwise in _Fulham FC v Richards_.
Patten LJ (with whom Longmore and Rix LJJ agreed) said at [77]–[78]:

77 The determination of whether there has been unfair prejudice consisting of
the breach of an agreement or some other unconscionable behaviour is plainly
capable of being decided by an arbitrator and it is common ground that an
arbitral tribunal constituted under the FAPL or the FA rules would have the
power to grant the specific relief sought by Fulham in its section 994
petition. We are not therefore concerned with a case in which the arbitrator
is being asked to grant relief of a kind which lies outside his powers or
forms part of the exclusive jurisdiction of the court. _Nor does the
determination of issues of this kind call for some kind of state intervention
in the affairs of the company which only a court can sanction. A dispute
between members of a company or between shareholders and the board about
alleged breaches of the articles of association or a shareholders’ agreement
is an essentially contractual dispute which does not necessarily engage the
rights of creditors or impinge on any statutory safeguards imposed for the
benefit of third parties._ The present case is a particularly good example of
this where the only issue between the parties is whether Sir David has acted
in breach of the FA and [the] FAPL rules in relation to the transfer of a
Premier League player.

78 Judge Weeks QC was therefore wrong in my view to extend the reasoning of
Warren J in _A Best Floor Sanding Pty Ltd v Skyer Australia Pty Ltd_ [1999]
VSC 170 to [an unfair prejudice petition] … _The statutory provisions about
unfair prejudice contained in section 994 give to a shareholder an optional
right to invoke the assistance of the court in cases of unfair prejudice. The
court is not concerned with the possible winding up of the company and there
is nothing in the scheme of these provisions which, in my view, makes the
resolution of the underlying dispute inherently unsuitable for determination
by arbitration on grounds of public policy._ The only restriction placed upon
the arbitrator is in respect of the kind of relief which can be granted.

[emphasis added]

An application for leave to appeal against the English Court of Appeal’s
decision in _Fulham FC v Richards_ was refused by the UK Supreme Court on 22
February 2012.

94 Disputes over oppressive or unfairly prejudicial conduct towards minority
shareholders have also been held to be arbitrable in: (a) New South Wales and
Victoria in Australia (see, respectively, _ACD Tridon v Tridon Australia_
[2002] NSWSC 896 (“ _ACD Tridon_ ”) and _Paul Brazis and others v Emilio
Rosati and others_ [2014] VSC 385 (“ _Re Form 700_ ”)); (b) the British Virgin
Islands (see _Ennio Zanotti v Interlog Finance Corp and others_ Claim No
BVIHCV 2009/0394 (8 February 2010) (unreported) (“ _Zanotti v Interlog_ ”));
and (c) British Columbia in Canada (see _ABOP LLC v Qtrade Canada Inc_ (2007)
284 DLR (4th) 171 (“ _ABOP v Qtrade_ ”)). In fact, our attention was _not_
drawn to any jurisdiction which regarded such a dispute as non-arbitrable.

The Judge’s reasons for his finding of non-arbitrability

95 This brings us to the Judge’s reasons for concluding that a claim for
relief under s 216 of the Companies Act was non-arbitrable. There were
principally two concerns on the part of the Judge: remedial inadequacy and
procedural complexity. We address each of them in turn below.

Remedial inadequacy

96 With regard to remedial inadequacy, the Judge noted that an arbitral
tribunal would not have available to it the full arsenal of remedies which the
court was vested with under s 216(2) of the Companies Act. For instance, an
arbitral tribunal would not have the power to make awards _in rem_ in the
sense of awards which were binding on third parties or the world at large. In
particular, it was common ground that an arbitral tribunal would not have the
power to order the winding up of a company: the HC Judgment at [100] and
[110]. The Judge thought that since the nature of the oppressive or unfairly
prejudicial conduct complained of in a claim under s 216 was “inextricably”
connected to the relief that might be awarded, “the arbitrability of the
remedy sought could affect the arbitrability of the claim”: the HC Judgment at
[120]. We hear in this echoes of the reasoning of the court in _Cybernaut_
(see [81] above).

97 We recognise the force of these concerns. But, with respect, we are unable
to agree that jurisdictional limitations on an arbitral tribunal’s ability to
grant relief are relevant to the question of arbitrability. We would point out
preliminarily that the IAA confers wide remedial powers on arbitral tribunals
(and the Judge acknowledged as much at [111] of the HC Judgment). Section
12(5)(_a_) of the IAA stipulates that an arbitral tribunal “may award any
remedy or relief that could have been ordered by the High Court if the dispute
had been the subject of civil proceedings in that Court”. The jurisdictional
limitations on the type of relief which an arbitral tribunal can grant may
also be overcome if provided for by the express agreement of the parties.
There are, of course, boundaries to an arbitral tribunal’s power to grant
relief even if the parties agree to it; these include public policy
considerations and situations which engage the rights of third parties who are
not bound by the arbitration agreement in question.

98 But, _even if_ such jurisdictional limitations cannot be overcome, in our
judgment, the Judge elided the jurisdictional limitations on an arbitral
tribunal’s power to grant certain types of relief with the separate question
of whether the subject matter of the dispute in question is arbitrable. The
fact that the relief sought might be beyond the power of the tribunal to grant
_does not_ in and of itself make the subject matter of the dispute non-
arbitrable. This point is elegantly captured in a slightly different, although
nonetheless instructive, context in Lord Mustill & Stewart C Boyd, _Commercial
Arbitration: 2001 Companion Volume to the Second Edition_ (Butterworths, 2001)
at p 73:

… It is of course true that an award to the effect that a disputed patent is
valid cannot make the patent valid, for the grant of a monopoly right
exercisable against the world is a matter for public authorities, and so is
the pronouncement of decisions about whether the monopoly was properly
granted, whether it still exists, and so on, which affect its enforceability
against the whole world. _An arbitrator whose powers are derived from a
private agreement between A and B plainly has no jurisdiction to bind anyone
else by a decision on whether a patent is valid, for no-one else has mandated
him to make such a decision, and a decision which attempted to do so would be
useless. But this is a question of jurisdiction, not of arbitrability, and we
can see no reason why an arbitrator cannot conclude the issue of validity as
between A and B if the issue is one which they have mandated him to decide._ …
[emphasis added]

99 The English Court of Appeal in _Fulham FC v Richards_ too was alive to the
distinction between the jurisdictional limitations of an arbitral tribunal on
the one hand and subject matter arbitrability on the other. Patten LJ said at
[83]–[84]:

83 … If the relief sought is of a kind which may affect other members who are
not parties to the existing reference, I can see no reason in principle why
their views could not be canvassed by the arbitrators before deciding whether
to make an award in those terms. Opposition to the grant of such relief by
those persons may be decisive. Similarly if the order sought is one which
cannot take effect without the consent of third parties then the arbitrators’
hands will be tied.

84 _But, as explained earlier in this judgment, these jurisdictional
limitations on what an arbitration can achieve are not decisive of the
question [of] whether the subject matter of the dispute is arbitrable. They
are no more than the practical consequences of choosing that method of dispute
resolution_ …

[emphasis added]

100 In the court below, the Judge developed that point and, as we mentioned at
[96] above, observed (at [120] of the HC Judgment) that “the arbitrability of
the remedy sought could affect the arbitrability of the claim”. But, with
respect, it is not clear to us why that needs to be the case. Conceptually,
there is nothing to preclude the underlying dispute from being resolved by an
arbitral tribunal, with the parties remaining free to apply to the court for
the grant of any specific relief which might be beyond the power of the
arbitral tribunal to award. In so far as any findings have been made in the
arbitration in such a case, the parties would be bound by such findings and
would, at least as a general rule, be prevented from re-litigating those
matters before the court. The point is neatly illustrated by Patten LJ’s
observation in _Fulham FC v Richards_ that the underlying dispute grounding a
winding-up application on the “just and equitable” ground under s 122(1)(_g_)
of the UK Insolvency Act 1986 would be arbitrable even if it might be beyond
the power of the arbitral tribunal to grant some of the remedies sought. He
said at [83]:

… The agreement could not arrogate to the arbitrator the question of whether a
winding up order should be made. That would remain a matter for the court in
any subsequent proceedings. But the arbitrator could, I think legitimately,
decide whether the complaint of unfair prejudice was made out and whether it
would be appropriate for winding up proceedings to take place or whether the
complainant should be limited to some lesser remedy. …

101 Patten LJ’s observation was picked up by the Hong Kong SAR High Court in
_Re Quiksilver Glorious Sun JV Ltd_ [2014] 4 HKLRD 759 (“ _Re Quiksilver
Glorious Sun_ ”). In that case, Quiksilver Greater China Limited
(“Quiksilver”), a shareholder in two joint venture companies, presented
winding-up petitions on the “just and equitable” ground pursuant to s
177(1)(f) of the Hong Kong SAR’s Companies (Winding Up and Miscellaneous
Provisions) Ordinance (Cap 32). Glorious Sun Overseas Company Limited
(“Glorious Sun”) was the only other shareholder in both joint venture
companies, with Quiksilver and Glorious Sun each holding 50% of the shares in
these companies. The two joint venture companies had been established pursuant
to a comprehensive joint venture agreement between Quiksilver and Glorious Sun
which contained an arbitration clause. Glorious Sun applied for a stay of the
winding-up petitions in favour of arbitration pursuant to s 20 of the Hong
Kong SAR’s Arbitration Ordinance (Cap 609).

102 Quiksilver resisted the stay application, arguing that a petition to wind
up a company was the exercise by a shareholder of its inalienable right of
access to the court. It was “common ground” between the parties that “the
relief sought in the [petitions], winding-up orders, [could not] be granted by
an arbitrator”: _Re Quiksilver Glorious Sun_ at [14]. The difficulty was
obviated by Harris J’s holding that the dispute could nonetheless be resolved
by the arbitral tribunal without its having to grant the specific reliefs
sought. Harris J said at [21]:

… The determinative issue arising from the way in which Mr Barlow put
Quiksilver’s case is whether or not the substantive dispute between the
parties is arbitrable. _By substantive dispute I mean the commercial
disagreement, which they wish to have resolved. This is not the same as the
relief that one party seeks._ [emphasis added]

Harris J therefore stayed the winding-up petitions for the underlying factual
dispute to be determined by arbitration. He said that once the arbitral
tribunal had resolved that factual dispute, either Quiksilver or Glorious Sun
could apply for the stay to be lifted and invite the court to grant any
appropriate relief, including the making of a winding-up order, having regard
to the findings of the tribunal.

103 In our judgment, the approach taken by the courts in England (see _Fulham
FC v Richards_) and in Hong Kong SAR (see _Re Quiksilver Glorious Sun_)
commends itself to us because it seeks to strike a balance between, on the one
hand, upholding the agreement of the parties as to how their disputes are to
be resolved and, on the other, recognising that there are jurisdictional
limitations on the powers that are conferred on an arbitral tribunal. We
accept that this has the effect of enhancing the procedural complexity of a
dispute which is covered by an arbitration agreement where one or more of the
reliefs sought is beyond the arbitral tribunal’s powers to grant, and such
complexity will be further exacerbated if, in addition, the dispute concerns
other parties who are not party to the arbitration agreement in question. It
is to this that we turn next; but we are satisfied that an arbitral tribunal’s
inability to grant certain reliefs which may be sought would not in itself
render the subject matter of the dispute non-arbitrable.

Procedural complexity

104 In the court below, the Judge was uncomfortable about sending the dispute
in the Suit to arbitration, only to have the parties return to the court for
their remedy. The Judge thought that this would lead to procedural complexity
and cause difficulties at two levels. First, there would be the difficulty of
securing the attendance of witnesses and parties who were material to or would
be affected by a potential arbitral award, and who might refuse to appear at
one or the other of the arbitral and the court proceedings, thus giving rise
to the possibility of conflicting findings between the two sets of
proceedings: the HC Judgment at [133]. Second, there was the possibility that
the court would disagree with the arbitral tribunal on findings of fact or on
the appropriate remedy to be granted: the HC Judgment at [123].

105 As a preliminary observation, we reiterate a point we have already alluded
to, which is that as a general rule at least, the parties to an arbitration
will be bound by the arbitral tribunal’s findings and, to that extent, there
would not be any question of the court having to decide on such matters
afresh. But, aside from this, we accept that there will be a measure of
procedural complexity whenever a dispute involving some common parties and
issues has to be resolved before two different fora by virtue of the fact that
only part of the dispute falls within the scope of the applicable arbitration
clause. The question for us is whether such procedural difficulties render the
dispute non-arbitrable. We do not think it does. Of course, some, perhaps even
substantial, inconvenience may be caused by such an arrangement and this would
be regrettable; but inconvenience is not the threshold that justifies refusing
a stay of court proceedings on the basis that the subject matter of the
dispute is non-arbitrable. A similar view was expressed by the British
Columbia Court of Appeal in _ABOP v Qtrade_ , which concerned an application
under s 15 of British Columbia’s Commercial Arbitration Act (RSBC 1996, c 55)
to stay a claim for relief for minority oppression. The British Columbia Court
of Appeal granted the stay, and Thackray JA, who delivered the judgment of the
court, said at [24] that “procedural complexity” simply “cannot form the basis
of the determination of this case”. We agree. To put it simply, procedural
difficulties fall short of the statutory criterion for non-arbitrability,
which is a finding that to enforce the obligation to arbitrate would be
contrary to public policy in view of the subject matter of the dispute in
question.

106 We therefore hold that the subject matter of the present dispute is
arbitrable even though it entails Silica Investors seeking relief under s 216
of the Companies Act.

Whether the court proceedings against Lionsgate or any part thereof fall
within the ambit of the arbitration clause in the Share Sale Agreement

107 In the light of our foregoing conclusion, we turn to consider whether, as
between Silica Investors and Lionsgate, the dispute in the Suit (or any part
thereof) falls within the scope of the arbitration clause in the Share Sale
Agreement between them. The governing provision in this regard is s 6 of the
IAA, which we set out earlier at [27] above. For convenience, we reproduce the
material parts of s 6 again here:

**Enforcement of international arbitration agreement**

**6.** —(1) Notwithstanding Article 8 of the Model Law, where any party to an
arbitration agreement to which this Act applies institutes any proceedings in
any court against any other party to the agreement in respect of any matter
which is the subject of the agreement, any party to the agreement may, at any
time after appearance and before delivering any pleading or taking any other
step in the proceedings, apply to that court to stay the proceedings so far as
the proceedings relate to that matter.

(2) The court to which an application has been made in accordance with
subsection (1) shall make an order, upon such terms or conditions as it may
think fit, staying the proceedings so far as the proceedings relate to the
matter, unless it is satisfied that the arbitration agreement is null and
void, inoperative or incapable of being performed.

…

The applicable principles

108 It will be evident that in considering whether a dispute is covered by an
arbitration agreement, the court is concerned with establishing whether the
dispute pertains to a “matter” that is subject to the arbitration agreement.
In our judgment, there are two stages involved in this process:

(a) the court must first determine what the matter or matters are in the court
proceedings; and

(b) it must then ascertain whether the matter(s) fall within the scope of the
arbitration clause on its true construction.

It is clear that the court proceedings which are sought to be stayed may be in
respect of more than a single “matter”, and in those situations, the court’s
_obligation_ is to stay only that part of the court proceedings which concerns
the matter or matters that fall within the ambit of the arbitration clause.
This is clear from s 6(2) of the IAA, which mandates a stay only “ _so far as_
” [emphasis added] the court proceedings relate to the matter or matters which
are the subject of the arbitration agreement.

109 In the present case, the parties do not agree on the approach at either of
the two stages of the inquiry that we have set out above. The disagreement at
the first stage raises a methodological question, which centres on the degree
of specificity with which the court should characterise a “matter”. Silica
Investors argues that a broad approach should be adopted, with the court
seeking to identify the “essential dispute” or “main issue” between the
parties in the court proceedings. On this view, Silica Investors argues that
the sole matter in the Suit is whether the affairs of AMRG have been conducted
in an oppressive or unfairly prejudicial manner towards it (Silica Investors)
as a minority shareholder. Lionsgate, on the other hand, advocates a more
granular approach. It contends that the court is entitled to segment as a
separate matter each “issue which is material to the relief sought and/or is
capable of settlement as a discrete controversy”. On Lionsgate’s view, each of
the four categories of allegations made by Silica Investors in the Suit (as
outlined at [15]–[18] above) constitutes a separate matter.

110 The disagreement at the second stage raises a question of application,
which relates to whether the matter(s) in the Suit, however it or they be
characterised, fall(s) within the scope of the arbitration clause in the Share
Sale Agreement. On the basis of Silica Investors’ broad characterisation of
the matter, it argues that the entire dispute in the Suit falls outside the
ambit of the arbitration clause. However, on Lionsgate’s more granular
characterisation of the matters in the Suit, Lionsgate argues that the Share
Issuance Allegation and the Management Participation Allegation are caught by
the arbitration clause, while it accepts that the other two allegations are
not.

The question of methodology

111 We begin with the methodological question, which is a crucial step in the
analysis because the characterisation of a matter can often be dispositive of
whether it falls within the scope of the arbitration clause concerned. If the
matter is characterised at a high level of abstraction – _eg_ , in the present
case, whether the affairs of AMRG have been conducted in an oppressive or
unfairly prejudicial manner towards Silica Investors as a minority shareholder
– then the case for its falling within the scope of the arbitration clause is
weakened. A cogent argument can be made that the parties could not have
intended that a dispute over the management of a company with many
shareholders, each of whom might potentially be affected, should fall within
the ambit of an arbitration clause contained in a share sale agreement between
just two shareholders. On the other hand, if a more granular approach is
adopted, there is a compelling case that at least some of the four allegations
made by Silica Investors in the Suit fall within the scope of the arbitration
clause in the Share Sale Agreement. The Management Participation Allegation,
for instance, rests almost exclusively on cl 2.5(a) of the Share Sale
Agreement (see [11(a)] and [16] above). The Judge adopted the broad approach,
having been persuaded that this was the approach taken in Australia, and was
also consistent with that taken in England, Canada and Singapore.

112 In Australia, the prevailing test to determine what constitutes a “matter”
is whether there is “the assertion of a right or liability … which … is at
least susceptible of settlement as a discrete controversy”. However, it also
seems to be clear that a “mere issue” which falls to be decided in the court
proceedings would not suffice to constitute a matter. The dichotomy between a
“discrete controversy” and a “mere issue” was articulated in the joint dissent
of Deane and Gaudron JJ in _Tanning Research Laboratories Inc v O’Brien_
(1990) 91 ALR 180 (“ _Tanning Research_ ”), a decision of the High Court of
Australia, and it has since come to gain wide acceptance. _Tanning Research_
is cited in _Jurisdiction and Arbitration Agreements_ at pp 332–334 as well as
in Robert Merkin & Johanna Hjalmarsson, _Singapore Arbitration Legislation:
Annotated_ (informa, 2009) at p 18, both of which were relied on by the Judge.

113 In our judgment, the starting point of the analysis is the language of s 6
of the IAA, which clearly recognises that the court, when faced with a stay
application, is not presented with a binary choice which confines it to either
staying the proceedings entirely and so forcing the parties to arbitrate, or
refusing the stay and allowing the court proceedings in their entirety to
continue. Instead, s 6(2) contemplates that the court is to stay the
proceedings “ _so far as_ [they] relate to [the] matter” [emphasis added].
This seems to us to militate against taking an excessively broad view of what
constitutes a “matter” or treating it as a synonym for the court proceedings
as a whole. In our judgment, when the court considers whether any “matter” is
covered by an arbitration clause, it should undertake a practical and common-
sense inquiry in relation to any reasonably substantial issue that is not
merely peripherally or tangentially connected to the dispute in the court
proceedings. The court should not characterise the matter(s) in either an
overly broad or an unduly narrow and pedantic manner. In _most_ cases, the
matter would encompass the claims made in the proceedings. But, that is not an
absolute or inflexible rule. We take this view for three reasons.

114 First, the semantic distinction between a “discrete controversy” and a
“mere issue” – the criteria upon which the traditional test is based – is so
fine that it may be illusory. This distinction has been described as one of
“fact and degree [to be determined] by reference to the ‘whole matter in
controversy in the court proceedings’”: _Flint Ink NZ v Huhtamaki Australia
Pty Ltd and Lion-Dairy & Drinks Pty Ltd_ [2014] VSCA 166 at [89] _per_ Nettle
JA. But, such a test eludes consistent and predictable application: both
labels are so malleable that in the present case, Silica Investors and
Lionsgate, applying precisely the same test to precisely the same facts, have
arrived at opposite conclusions.

115 Second, the courts, both in Australia and in other foreign jurisdictions,
have retreated somewhat from characterising a matter too broadly. The first
instance decision of the New South Wales Supreme Court in _ACD Tridon_ is a
case in point. There, the plaintiff, ACD Tridon Inc (“Tridon”), commenced
proceedings against four defendants: Tridon Australia Pty Ltd (“TAPL”);
Richard Lennox; Sandra Lennox (Mr Lennox’s wife); and Tridon New Zealand Ltd
(“TNZL”), which was TAPL’s wholly-owned subsidiary. Tridon was a minority
shareholder of TAPL, while the Lennoxes were the majority shareholders and
directors of TAPL. A shareholders’ agreement between Tridon and Mr Lennox
contained an arbitration clause.

116 Tridon’s claims in the court proceedings fell principally into four
categories, namely (see _ACD Tridon_ at [20]): (a) claims for access to TAPL’s
documents; (b) claims seeking to reverse a compulsory acquisition of Tridon’s
shares in TAPL by Mr Lennox; (c) claims against the Lennoxes for purported
misconduct as directors of TAPL; and (d) claims relating to further instances
of oppressive conduct, including TAPL’s and TNZL’s failure to declare
dividends and TAPL’s oppressive conduct of legal proceedings against Tridon.
The claims in the first three categories were based in part on the provisions
of the shareholders’ agreement between Tridon and Mr Lennox and in part on
statutory provisions in Australia’s Corporations Act 2001 (Cth). The final
category of claims was based entirely on statute.

117 TAPL, the Lennoxes and TNZL applied for the court proceedings to be stayed
in favour of arbitration under s 7(2) of Australia’s International Arbitration
Act 1974 (Cth) (“the Australian IAA 1974”), which is the Australian
counterpart of s 6 of the IAA. Section 7(2) of the Australian IAA 1974 states:

**7** **Enforcement of foreign arbitration agreements**

…

(2) Subject to this Part, where:

(a) proceedings instituted by a party to an arbitration agreement to which
this section applies against another party to the agreement are pending in a
court; and

(b) the proceedings involve the determination of a matter that, in pursuance
of the agreement, is capable of settlement by arbitration;

on the application of a party to the agreement, the court shall, by order,
upon such conditions (if any) as it thinks fit, stay the proceedings or so
much of the proceedings as involves the determination of that matter, as the
case may be, and refer the parties to arbitration in respect of that matter.

…

Tridon, which was resisting the stay application, submitted that each of its
four categories of claim constituted a separate “matter” for the purposes of s
7(2)(b). Tridon acknowledged that embedded within each category of claims were
issues relating to the construction of the shareholders’ agreement between it
and Mr Lennox, but argued that those were mere issues which should not be
regarded as “matters”: see _ACD Tridon_ at [102].

118 Austin J did not agree. He adopted a granular approach to the
characterisation of the “matters” (_ACD Tridon_ at [110]), and found that
there were no less than _eight_ of them (_ACD Tridon_ at [110]–[111]):

110 … I had decided that each of the [four] claims … involves a “matter”
arising out of the Shareholders’ Agreement … and also one or more matters
arising out of claims to statutory and equitable rights. The controversies as
to the correct construction of the Shareholders’ Agreement concerning each of
the first four Claims, and concerning the rights and liabilities of Mr Lennox
and Tridon under the relevant parts of the Agreement, are controversies
discrete from the statutory and equitable claims, both in the sense that the
contract claims might have been asserted independently of the statutory and
equitable claims, although arising out of the same facts, and in the sense
that the parties to the contract claims are only Mr Lennox and Tridon, not the
other defendants.

111 There are two or more discernable subject matters in the disputes between
the parties concerning each Claim. …

Austin J held that the matters which arose out of the construction of the
rights and liabilities created by the shareholders’ agreement between Tridon
and Mr Lennox fell within the ambit of the arbitration clause, while those
which arose out of the statutory provisions on oppression fell without: _ACD
Tridon_ at [167]–[177].

119 To similar effect is the British Virgin Islands High Court decision of
_Zanotti v Interlog_ (cited earlier at [94] above). In that case, a minority
shareholder sought relief against a company and its other shareholders on the
ground of oppression. There was an arbitration clause in the company’s
articles of association which extended to any difference between the company
and its shareholders that: (a) touched on either the company’s articles of
association or the British Virgin Islands’ Business Companies Act 2004 (No 16
of 2004); or (b) affected the company or the conduct of its affairs: _Zanotti
v Interlog_ at [8]. Bannister J characterised the complaints made against the
company as separate matters from the complaints made against the other
shareholders, and stayed the court proceedings in respect of the former but
not the court proceedings in respect of the latter: _Zanotti v Interlog_ at
[28]. The court did not specifically consider the distinction between a
“discrete controversy” and a “mere issue”, but the decision was made in the
context of s 6(2) of the British Virgin Islands’ Arbitration Ordinance 1976
(Cap 6), which is substantially similar to s 6 of the IAA.

120 The approach adopted by Andrew Smith J in _Lombard North Central plc and
another v GATX Corporation_ [2012] 1 Lloyd’s Rep 662 (“ _Lombard North v GATX_
”) is also consistent with the tenor of _ACD Tridon_ and _Zanotti v Interlog_.
The learned judge said at [15]–[16] of _Lombard North v GATX_ :

15\. It seems to me that, if the parties have agreed to refer a matter to
arbitration, a party who so wishes should be entitled to have the agreement
upheld and to have the court stay the proceedings for that purpose …

16\. _This might lead to legal proceedings in which a referred matter is …
being stayed while that matter, or issue, is referred to an arbitral tribunal,
and then resuming when it has been resolved in accordance with the parties’
agreement. This might be inconvenient and result in additional costs and some
delay, but that is the price of respecting the parties’ agreement and a risk
that they are taken to have chosen to take_ …

[emphasis added]

121 Our third and final reason for rejecting the broad approach canvassed by
Silica Investors is that it is ill-suited to the reality that disputes may be
complex and engage disparate factual and legal issues. Characterising a
“matter” at an unduly high degree of abstraction may carry with it the
elegance of simplicity and convenience. But, any attempt to boil down a
complex dispute to a singular aspect of its essence would be contrived. This
case presents a perfect example. There are four distinct allegations made in
support of the main complaint that the affairs of AMRG have been conducted in
an oppressive or unfairly prejudicial manner towards Silica Investors as a
minority shareholder. At least the second of the four allegations (_ie_ , the
Management Participation Allegation) has an immediately apparent and
undeniable nexus to the Share Sale Agreement. On the other hand, it is not
disputed that the latter two allegations (_ie_ , the Guarantees Allegation and
the Asset Exploitation Allegation) have no relation whatsoever to the Share
Sale Agreement. To say that each of these allegations, although quite
different from one another, all form part of the same matter, and that the
court must then decide whether the matter as a whole falls within the scope of
the arbitration clause in the Share Sale Agreement seems unprincipled and,
indeed, artificial. Another example of the strain which an overly broad
approach entails would be where a party to a contract containing an
arbitration clause brings a claim for unlawful means conspiracy against the
other contracting party and a third party, with the alleged breach of the
contract relied on as the unlawful means in question. While the court may
conceivably consider that the conspiracy claim against both defendants falls
outside the scope of the arbitration clause, that would be to ignore a
substantial issue – the question of breach of contract – which plainly arises
out of the contractual relationship between the two contracting parties.

122 We therefore consider that a “matter”, for the purposes of s 6 of the IAA,
should not be construed in either an overly broad or an unduly narrow way. On
the specific facts of this case, each of the four categories of allegations
made in the Suit raises substantial issues that are neither peripheral nor
tangential to Silica Investors’ claim for relief under s 216 of the Companies
Act. We accordingly find that each category is a separate “matter” for the
purposes of Lionsgate’s stay application under s 6 of the IAA.

The question of application

123 We turn now to the question of application, which is whether the matters
that we have identified fall within the scope of the arbitration clause in the
Share Sale Agreement. We set out that clause in full below for ease of
reference:

**12.3** **Dispute Resolution**

Without prejudice to any right of the Parties to apply to any competent court
for injunctive relief, any dispute arising out of or in connection with this
Agreement, including any question regarding its existence, validity or
termination, shall be referred to and finally resolved by arbitration in
Singapore in accordance with the Arbitration Rules of the Singapore
International Arbitration Centre (“SIAC”) for the time being in force, which
rules are deemed to be incorporated by reference in this clause. The tribunal
shall consist of one arbitrator to be appointed by the chairman of the SIAC.
The language of the arbitration shall be English.

124 The principles governing the construction of an arbitration clause are
well settled. The court does not adopt a technical approach, but construes the
clause based on the presumed intentions of the parties as rational commercial
parties: _Fiona Trust & Holding Corporation and others v Privalov and others_
[2007] 2 Lloyd’s Rep 267, affirmed by the House of Lords _sub nom Premium
Nafta Products Ltd v Fili Shipping Co Ltd_ [2008] 1 Lloyd’s Rep 619 (“the
_Fiona Trust_ case”). Lord Hoffmann’s statement at [13] of the _Fiona Trust_
case is pertinent in this regard:

… [T]he construction of an arbitration clause should start from the assumption
that the parties, as rational businessmen, are likely to have intended any
dispute arising out of the relationship into which they have entered or
purported to enter to be decided by the same tribunal. The clause should be
construed in accordance with this presumption unless the language makes it
clear that certain questions were intended to be excluded from the
arbitrator’s jurisdiction. …

We cited Lord Hoffmann’s observations with approval in _Larsen Oil v
Petroprod_ at [13].

125 When ascertaining whether a given matter is covered by an arbitration
clause, the court must consider the underlying basis and true nature of the
issue or claim, and is not limited solely to the manner in which it is pleaded
(see, for example, _Larsen Oil v Petroprod_ at [7]–[10]). As Andrew Smith J
stated in _Lombard North v GATX_ at [14]:

… The question of course depends upon the nature of the claim (or claims) made
in the legal proceedings, but not, I think only on the formulation of it (or
them) in the claim form and any pleadings. That would allow a claimant to
circumvent an arbitration agreement by formulating proceedings in terms that,
perhaps artificially, avoid reference to a referred matter, knowing that any
application to stay them must be made before a defence is pleaded. …

126 Blair J approached the issue in the same way in _PT Thiess Contractors
Indonesia v PT Kaltim Prima Coal, Standard Chartered Bank, Singapore Branch_
[2011] Arb LR 26, where he emphasised at [35]:

… the importance of identifying the “substance of the controversy”, rather
than the formal nature of the proceedings … [T]he court must consider the
substance of the controversy as it appears from the circumstances in the
evidence on the application (and not just the particular terms in which the
Claimant has sought to formulate its claim in court). …

127 We agree with both these statements as to the proper approach which a
court should take. In the present appeals, the only dispute before us is
whether the Share Issuance Allegation and the Management Participation
Allegation fall within the scope of the arbitration clause in the Share Sale
Agreement, as there is no dispute that the other two allegations made by
Silica Investors in the Suit do not. We shall address each of the former two
allegations in turn.

128 The Share Issuance Allegation concerns what is said to be an improper
issuance of shares by AMRG on 15 September 2010, which apparently had the
effect of diluting Silica Investors’ shareholding in AMRG by more than 50%.
AMRG’s explanation is that the shares were issued to discharge outstanding
liabilities arising from the transfer of the Solar Silica Assets to SSRG (see
[15] above). Silica Investors, on the other hand, alleges that the share
issuance was done without commercial justification because the alleged
liabilities in respect of the Solar Silica Assets were fictitious.

129 Silica Investors’ allegation that the 15 September 2010 share issuance was
improper comprises a number of strands, each of which was particularised in
its original statement of claim in the Suit as follows:

(a) First, a document that Silica Investors presented to the Singapore Stock
Exchange in or around January 2010 stated that the Solar Silica Assets had
been transferred to SSRG.

(b) Second, an email dated 19 May 2010 from Mr May, the seventh defendant in
the Suit (see [19] above), to one of Silica Investors’ officers stated that
the Solar Silica Assets had been transferred to SSRG on 2 December 2009.

(c) Third, an email dated 1 June 2010 from Mr May to the same officer stated
that the assignment of the Solar Silica Assets to SSRG had been completed.

(d) Fourth, cll 8.2 and 8.3 of the first schedule to the Share Sale Agreement
warranted that at the completion date, SSRG would have discharged all its
current liabilities, and that the accounts of SSRG (which did not disclose any
debts for the Solar Silica Assets) would give a true and fair view of SSRG’s
state of affairs.

(e) Fifth, in the course of the due diligence exercise conducted by Silica
Investors leading up to the conclusion of the Share Sale Agreement, the
defendants in the Suit did not inform Silica Investors of or disclose to it
any documents which showed the existence of outstanding liabilities associated
with the Solar Silica Assets.

130 In short, Silica Investors’ contention was that the transfer of the Solar
Silica Assets to SSRG had been completed prior to the conclusion of the Share
Sale Agreement, and neither the due diligence exercise which it carried out
nor the warranties contained in the Share Sale Agreement disclosed any
outstanding liabilities associated with the transfer of the Solar Silica
Assets. There were therefore no liabilities to be discharged by the issuance
of shares by AMRG, and the 15 September 2010 share issuance was thus done
without commercial justification.

131 At the hearing of these appeals, we suggested to counsel for Silica
Investors, Mr Paul Ong, that the manner in which the Share Issuance Allegation
had been pleaded appeared to engage the warranties in the Share Sale Agreement
and give rise, at least indirectly, to considerations of whether they had been
breached. Mr Ong resisted this suggestion vigorously. He contended that Silica
Investors was not alleging that the warranties in the Share Sale Agreement had
been breached; on the contrary, it was relying on the truth of those
warranties to evidence its contention that the liabilities relating to the
Solar Silica Assets had already been settled by the time the Share Sale
Agreement was concluded. Mr Ong further contended that there was no need for
Silica Investors to rely on the Share Sale Agreement to make good its
allegation that the alleged debts were fictitious and the share issuance,
improper. We did not, however, think that Silica Investors’ pleadings on the
Share Issuance Allegation cohered entirely with Mr Ong’s position before us,
and so, at the close of the hearing, we gave Silica Investors an opportunity
to amend its pleadings on that allegation if it desired.

132 Silica Investors took up the opportunity. The substance of its pleadings
on the Share Issuance Allegation in its amended statement of claim remains
unchanged, but the difference is that its amended pleadings do not make
reference to any specific warranties in the Share Sale Agreement, unlike what
was done in its original statement of claim (see [129(d)] above). Instead,
Silica Investors now simply asserts that “the Share Sale Agreement did not
disclose any liabilities associated with the Solar Silica Assets”.

133 In keeping with the authorities before us, our task is to examine the
substance of the controversy without paying undue attention to the details of
how it has been pleaded. In our judgment, the substance of the controversy
concerns the issuance of shares by AMRG _after_ the Share Sale Agreement was
concluded and whether there was any commercial justification for that share
issuance. Silica Investors contends implicitly, if not explicitly, that
_Lionsgate_ directly or indirectly procured this share issuance by AMRG for
improper purposes. In this regard, we find it significant that:

(a) the share issuance was by AMRG, which is not a party to the arbitration
clause in the Share Sale Agreement at all as that agreement was between Silica
Investors and Lionsgate only;

(b) the alleged wrongdoing does not concern any breach of the Share Sale
Agreement; and

(c) Silica Investors relies on certain facts, including the fact that nothing
as to the continuing existence of liabilities relating to the Solar Silica
Assets was disclosed to it at any time, whether before, during or after the
time it became a shareholder of AMRG pursuant to the Share Sale Agreement.

134 In these circumstances, we agree with Mr Ong that the substance of the
controversy pertaining to the Share Issuance Allegation is not one that can
fairly be said to arise out of or in connection with the Share Sale Agreement.
The central issue, as we have noted, is whether there was any commercial
justification for the issuance of the shares by AMRG on 15 September 2010, and
that issue is wholly unaffected by the Share Sale Agreement. There is nothing
in that agreement which would either provide or remove any commercial
justification. It is true that at the heart of the Share Issuance Allegation
is the assertion that AMRG did not have any outstanding liabilities subsequent
to the transfer of the Solar Silica Assets to SSRG, which had been completed
prior to the conclusion of the Share Sale Agreement. But, this, with respect,
conflates temporal proximity with factual or legal relevance. To put it
simply, the existence of commercial justification for the share issuance by
AMRG depends on whether or not the liabilities concerning the Solar Silica
Assets had been discharged prior to that share issuance, and we are unable to
see how this could be said to be an issue arising out of or in connection with
the Share Sale Agreement.

135 Much was made of Silica Investors’ reference to the warranties in the
Share Sale Agreement to make good its case on the Share Issuance Allegation.
But, in our judgment, this was peripheral to the primary question, which is
whether or not the liabilities relating to the Solar Silica Assets had been
settled prior to the 15 September 2010 share issuance. If those liabilities
had not been settled by that time, it may well be that there was commercial
justification for the share issuance, even if the existence of those
liabilities happened to render the warranties untrue.

136 We turn next to the Management Participation Allegation, which presents no
difficulty. Clause 2.5(a) of the Share Sale Agreement appears to be Silica
Investors’ only basis for asserting that there was an understanding or a
legitimate expectation on its part that it would participate in AMRG’s
management. At the hearing of these appeals, Mr Ong accepted that there was no
basis independent of the Share Sale Agreement for that assertion. The
construction of cl 2.5(a) of the Share Sale Agreement will form an inescapable
and substantial (if not the entire) step in establishing the existence of any
understanding or legitimate expectation of management participation by Silica
Investors, and thus, in resolving the Management Participation Allegation. The
Management Participation Allegation therefore falls squarely within the ambit
of the arbitration clause in the Share Sale Agreement.

137 We therefore find that there is a _prima facie_ case that the Management
Participation Allegation falls within the scope of the arbitration clause in
the Share Sale Agreement. The court proceedings in respect of this allegation
as between Silica Investors and Lionsgate are thus subject to a mandatory stay
under s 6(1) of the IAA. However, the Share Issuance Allegation, in our
judgment, is clearly not covered by the arbitration clause based on the
pleadings and the evidence placed before us.

Whether the rest of the court proceedings against Lionsgate and the remaining
defendants should be stayed pending the resolution of the arbitration between
Silica Investors and Lionsgate

138 This leaves us with that part of the court proceedings in the Suit which
are not subject to a mandatory stay under s 6 of the IAA. These comprise: (a)
the court proceedings between Silica Investors and Lionsgate concerning the
Share Issuance Allegation, the Guarantees Allegation and the Asset
Exploitation Allegation; and (b) the court proceedings between Silica
Investors and the remaining defendants concerning those three allegations as
well as the Management Participation Allegation. The parties do not dispute
the court’s inherent power to stay court proceedings in the interests of case
management pending the resolution of a related arbitration. The only dispute
is over whether and, if so, how this power should be exercised in the present
case.

The options available to the court

139 Broadly speaking, there are three options available to a Singapore court
which is faced with proceedings whose outcome depends on the resolution of a
related arbitration, namely:

(a) stay the _whole_ of the court proceedings pending the resolution of the
putative arbitration (_ie_ , resolve the arbitration first);

(b) stay the court proceedings only to the extent that is required under s 6
of the IAA, but on the condition that the putative arbitration proceed only
_after_ the resolution of the remaining court proceedings (_ie_ , resolve that
part of the court proceedings which falls outside s 6 first); or

(c) stay the court proceedings only to the extent that is required under s 6
of the IAA, and allow the putative arbitration and the remaining court
proceedings to run in parallel (_ie_ , concurrent resolution of the
arbitration and that part of the court proceedings which falls outside s 6).

There are also the intermediate possibilities of the court granting a focused
stay of the court proceedings on certain issues, while allowing selected other
issues to be concurrently determined in court and by arbitration.

140 Three features of this case make deciding on the appropriate option a
delicate task. First, there is an overlap in the _parties_ to the putative
arbitration (_viz_ , Silica Investors and Lionsgate) and the parties to the
Suit (_viz_ , Silica Investors and all eight defendants named in the Suit).
Second, there is an overlap in the _issues_ that will be engaged in the
putative arbitration (which will be limited to the Management Participation
Allegation) and those that will be engaged in the Suit. Third, there is an
underlap in the _remedies_ that the putative arbitral tribunal may grant, as
compared to those which the court may grant. There is the possibility that
Silica Investors and Lionsgate may have to return to the court for the
appropriate remedies to be granted once the arbitration of the Management
Participation Allegation is concluded. These three intersecting dimensions of
the present dispute create a potential case management quandary.

141 Silica Investors seeks the third approach (at [139(c)] above), which in
effect points towards the court not managing the resolution of the dispute as
a whole, but rather, allowing the court and the arbitral proceedings to run in
parallel. Lionsgate and the remaining defendants seek the first solution (at
[139(a)] above), whereby the court proceedings are stayed until after the
putative arbitration between Silica Investors and Lionsgate has concluded.

142 Allowing both the putative arbitration and the court proceedings in the
Suit to proceed in tandem will lead to duplication of resources, and may force
Lionsgate to litigate on two fronts. On the other hand, if the putative
arbitration were deferred until after the resolution of the court proceedings,
then the court proceedings may well envelop and effectively dispose of the
issue in the arbitration (_ie_ , the Management Participation Allegation).
That would enable Silica Investors to circumvent the arbitration clause in the
Share Sale Agreement. But, if the court proceedings were stayed pending the
resolution of the putative arbitration between Silica Investors and Lionsgate,
then upon the completion of the arbitration, when the matter returns to the
court, the remaining defendants may seek to challenge findings made in the
arbitration to which they were not party and by which they might not be bound.
In our judgment, if the remaining defendants were to do so, they would, in the
broad sense, be “re-litigating” issues already decided in the arbitration,
even though they were not parties to the arbitration and did not have the
opportunity to address the arbitral tribunal on those issues. In the ensuing
paragraphs, we shall refer to this form of “re-litigation” as “re-litigation
(in the broad sense)” to distinguish it from re-litigation in the _res
judicata_ sense. In addition, if the remaining defendants were to challenge
the arbitral tribunal’s decision when this dispute returns to the court, that
would be contrary to their present stance in seeking a stay of the court
proceedings pending arbitration, and might potentially amount to an abuse of
the process of the court.

143 We digress to examine how the courts of Australia, Canada, England and New
Zealand have addressed the situation of overlap outlined at [140] above – _ie_
, where a dispute falls to be resolved in part by arbitration and in part by
court proceedings, with the two sets of proceedings involving overlapping
issues and parties – before discussing the principles that we consider emerge
from these jurisdictions’ case law and applying these principles to the case
before us. In each of these jurisdictions, the courts have recognised their
inherent power to stay or manage court proceedings that are related to a
matter which is subject to a mandatory stay in favour of arbitration under
legislation similar to the IAA. The courts, however, have differed in their
approach to the exercise of that power.

The approach in other jurisdictions

Australia

144 We begin with Australia and the decision of the Full Court of the Federal
Court of Australia in _Hi-Fert Pty Ltd and another v Kiukiang Maritime
Carriers Inc and another_ (1998) 159 ALR 142 (“ _Hi-Fert_ ”). The plaintiffs
in that case were, respectively, the consignee (“Hi-Fert”) and the consignor
(“Cargill”) of a shipment of wheat. The defendants were, respectively, the
charterer (“WBC”) and the owner (“KMC”) of the vessel on which the consignment
of wheat was shipped. The shipment was found to be contaminated and so could
not be discharged at the destination port in New South Wales, Australia. The
plaintiffs commenced court proceedings in Australia against the defendants,
claiming in contract and in tort (for negligence). They additionally claimed
against the charterer, WBC, for misrepresentation and alleged contraventions
of Australia’s Trade Practices Act 1974 (Cth) (“the Australian Trade Practices
Act 1974”). Relying on an arbitration clause in the contract of affreightment
between itself and Hi-Fert, WBC applied for a stay of the court proceedings
under s 7(2) of the Australian IAA 1974, which is the Australian counterpart
of s 6 of the IAA (see [117] above). That arbitration clause required disputes
between WBC and Hi-Fert to be arbitrated in London. The owner of the vessel,
KMC, also made a stay application pursuant to the court’s inherent
jurisdiction, which was contingent on the success of WBC’s stay application.

145 Emmett J, with whom Beaumont and Branson JJ agreed, held that the
contractual claims by Hi-Fert against WBC fell within the scope of the
arbitration clause in the contract of affreightment between them. Those claims
therefore had to be stayed. Emmett J, however, held that Hi-Fert’s non-
contractual claims against WBC were not caught by the arbitration clause. He
went on to observe at 167 of _Hi-Fert_ :

… It is clear that there is a significant overlap between the claims made
against KMC under the bills of lading and the contractual claims made against
WBC. It would be undesirable for those claims to be adjudicated in different
places by different tribunals. If they were, there would be the possibility of
inconsistent determinations. That possibility should be avoided if possible.

146 Emmett J also pointed out that any claim for an indemnity between WBC and
KMC would be subject to arbitration in London pursuant to an arbitration
clause in the time charter between the two of them. Emmett J thought that the
best approach would be to have both plaintiffs’ claims against KMC and WBC
arbitrated in London, so that they could run alongside and be heard by a
common arbitrator of any indemnity claim that WBC might make against KMC
pursuant to the time charter: _Hi-Fert_ at 167–168. But, there were some
impediments to this seemingly elegant solution, namely, the fact that the non-
contractual claims against WBC as well as the entirety of the claims against
KMC were not subject to arbitration. In that light, Emmett J said at 168:

… WBC is entitled to a stay of so much of the proceedings as involves the
determination of the contractual claims. The parties, therefore, should be
referred to arbitration in respect of those matters.

However, the non-contractual claims against WBC are not the basis of a dispute
“arising from” the [contract of affreightment], nor are they matters that, in
pursuance of the charter contract, are capable of settling by arbitration.
Accordingly, WBC is not entitled, as of right, to a stay in respect of the
[non-contractual] claims made against it. Further, KMC is not entitled, as of
right, to a stay in respect of the claims against it.

Referring the parties to arbitration in respect of contractual claims against
WBC, while the balance of the proceedings against WBC and the whole of the
proceedings against KMC continue in this court, would have the unfortunate
result that Hi-Fert and WBC would be litigating similar issues in different
tribunals. The result is unfortunate in so far as the parties may be required
to litigate similar issues in two places. However, that is the result of … the
insistence by WBC on invoking the provisions of s 7 of the [Australian IAA
1974].

Prima facie, Hi-Fert, having properly commenced proceedings in this court, is
entitled to prosecute the proceedings against WBC and KMC in this court … If
the [plaintiffs] succeed in the proceedings, there may be no need to pursue
the contractual claims against WBC by arbitration in London. If the
[plaintiffs] fail, however, those claims can then be pursued in London.
Accordingly, I consider that the appropriate course would be to impose a
condition on the stay of the contractual claims that the reference to
arbitration in respect of the contractual claims not proceed until after the
final determination of the proceedings in the Federal Court.

147 Emmett J accordingly ordered that the mandatory stay of the contractual
claims against WBC in favour of arbitration be conditional upon the
arbitration in London not proceeding until after the resolution of the
proceedings before the Federal Court of Australia, _ie_ , the proceedings in
respect of the non-contractual claims against WBC and all the claims against
KMC. The philosophical underpinning of the decision may be put thus: the court
considered that the paramount consideration was to avoid having the same or
similar issues re-litigated (in the broad sense) before different fora.
Recognising the reality that it could not force WBC and KMC to submit to
arbitration matters that were outside the ambit of an arbitration agreement,
the court opted to postpone the arbitration until after those issues had been
resolved in court. This would minimise the prospect of re-litigation (in the
broad sense). Indeed, the court noted that in this way, it might obviate the
need for any arbitration at all.

148 The next case is _Recyclers of Australia Pty Ltd and another v Hettinga
Equipment Inc and another_ (2000) 175 ALR 725 (“ _Recyclers v Hettinga_ ”),
another decision of the Federal Court of Australia, but this time at first
instance. In _Recyclers v Hettinga_ , the first plaintiff (“Unimould”)
purchased an injection moulding unit from the first defendant (“Hettinga
Equipment”), whose principal was the second defendant. The purchase agreement
between Unimould and Hettinga Equipment contained an arbitration clause.
Unimould and the second plaintiff (“Recyclers”) commenced court proceedings
against the two defendants for misleading and deceptive conduct under s 52 of
the Australian Trade Practices Act 1974, as well as for negligent
misrepresentation under common law. In support of their claims, the plaintiffs
relied on both pre- and post-contractual representations that were allegedly
made by the defendants.

149 The defendants sought a stay of the court proceedings in favour of
arbitration pursuant to s 7(2) of the Australian IAA 1974. Merkel J held that,
as between Unimould and Hettinga Equipment, the claims based on pre-
contractual representations fell within the arbitration clause in the purchase
agreement between them. Those claims, to the extent that they were between
Unimould and Hettinga Equipment, were therefore subject to a mandatory stay.
Merkel J, however, held that the plaintiffs’ claims against the defendants
based on post-contractual representations “[stood] on a different footing” and
fell outside the scope of the arbitration clause: _Recyclers v Hettinga_ at
[64]. Merkel J also made the following observations (at [65]–[66]) on the
court’s discretion to impose a stay of court proceedings which were not caught
by an arbitration clause:

65 In the event that a proceeding includes matters that are not capable of
being referred to arbitration, but the determination of which is dependent
upon the determination of the matters required to be submitted to arbitration,
a court may, in the exercise of its discretion, stay the whole proceeding … A
court may also exercise a discretion to impose terms that the arbitration of
the arbitrable claims not proceed prior to the determination of the non-
arbitrable claims where the arbitrable claims are seen to be subsidiary to or
significantly less substantial than, but overlapping with, the non-arbitrable
claims … The discretion may also be exercised to stay the proceedings where
the non-arbitrable claims are the ancillary claims.

66 The broad discretion arises as part of the exercise of a court’s general
power to control its own proceedings. The basis for the discretion is that the
spectre of two separate proceedings – one curial, one arbitral – proceeding in
different places with the risk of inconsistent findings on largely overlapping
facts, is undesirable …

(We should clarify that Merkel J used “non-arbitrable” in this passage in the
sense of matters that do not fall within the scope of the arbitration clause
in question, rather than in the public policy sense outlined at [71]–[75]
above.)

150 On the facts, Merkel J thought that the claims which fell within the ambit
of the arbitration clause were the primary and substantial claims, while the
remaining claims were ancillary and less significant. He also thought that the
outcome of the claims which were covered by the arbitration clause would be
“determinative of many of the issues arising between the parties”: _Recyclers
v Hettinga_ at [69]. In view of the “significant legal and factual overlap”
between the claims which fell within the scope of the arbitration clause and
those which fell without, Merkel J thought that the arbitration of the former
category of claims should proceed first to minimise wastage and the risk of
inconsistent findings. He granted a conditional stay of the court proceedings
relating to the latter category of claims on the following terms (at
[72]–[73]):

72 The proceeding by Unimould against Hettinga Equipment is to be stayed under
s 7(2) of the [Australian IAA 1974] on terms that Hettinga Equipment undertake
to use its best endeavours to refer Unimould’s claims to arbitration in
accordance with the arbitration clause and pursue the arbitration with due
expedition.

73 The proceeding in respect of the claims by [Recyclers], and the claims by
the [plaintiffs] against [the second defendant], are to be stayed until
further order in the exercise of the Court’s discretion. The stay will be on
the condition that in the event that the [plaintiffs] agree to those claims
being arbitrated, the [defendants] are to use their best endeavours to enable
those claims to be referred to arbitration as part of the arbitration of the
arbitrable claims and pursue the arbitration with due expedition. Whether the
[plaintiffs] agree to the reference to arbitration of claims that are not the
subject of the stay under s 7(2) … is a matter for them.

Similar results have been reached in similar circumstances in more recent
cases: _Casaceli v Natuzzi SpA_ [2012] FCA 691; _Amcor Packaging (Australia)
Pty Ltd v Baulderstone Pty Ltd_ [2013] FCA 253.

151 The final Australian case which we consider is in some respects an outlier
from those discussed above, but, at least on the facts, it bears the greatest
resemblance to the facts before us. It is the first instance decision of the
Supreme Court of Victoria in _Re Form 700_ , which we cited at [94] above in
discussing the issue of arbitrability. There, court proceedings were commenced
by three plaintiffs against nine defendants. The plaintiffs brought, amongst
others, a claim for relief on the ground of oppression against five of the
nine defendants. Various types of relief were sought, including orders for
share buy-outs, the commencement of a derivative action, accounts of profits
and statutory damages. Of the three plaintiffs and five defendants involved in
the oppression claim, only two of the plaintiffs and four of the defendants
were party to a shareholders’ agreement which contained an arbitration clause.
The shareholders’ agreement was intended to regulate the management and
operation of the group of companies in respect of which the oppression claim
was brought.

152 All nine defendants applied for a stay of the court proceedings: _Re Form
700_ at [51]. As in the present case, the stay applications fell into two
categories. The first consisted of those made by the four defendants who were
involved in the oppression claim and were party to the shareholders’ agreement
containing the arbitration clause. Those applications were made pursuant to s
8 of Victoria’s Commercial Arbitration Act 2011 (No 50 of 2011), which states:

**8** **Arbitration agreement and substantive claim before court**

(1) A court before which an action is brought in a matter which is the subject
of an arbitration agreement must, if a party so requests not later than when
submitting the party’s first statement on the substance of the dispute, refer
the parties to arbitration unless it finds that the agreement is null and
void, inoperative or incapable of being performed.

…

The second category of stay applications consisted of that made by the one
defendant who was involved in the oppression claim but was not party to the
shareholders’ agreement, as well as the applications made by the remaining
four defendants who were not involved in the oppression claim. The latter
group of stay applications was dependent on the success of the first, and was
made pursuant to the court’s inherent power of case management.

153 Robson J held that as between the two plaintiffs and the four defendants
who were party to the shareholders’ agreement, the oppression claim fell
within the scope of the arbitration clause and was subject to a mandatory
stay: _Re Form 700_ at [130]. He therefore granted the first category of stay
applications. He, however, refused to grant the second category of stay
applications as he considered that it was possible for the arbitration to
proceed even though one of the plaintiffs and one of the defendants involved
in the oppression claim would not be party to the arbitration: _Re Form 700_
at [131]–[137]. He said at [142]–[144]:

142 The plaintiffs have some claims that must go to arbitration if they wish
to pursue them, and other claims that are not subject to the arbitration
clause (part of the Oppression Claim, and the balance of the plaintiffs’
claims). This raises the question [of] whether the plaintiffs should be able
to decide which claims to bring first. It may be that the plaintiffs prefer to
bring the derivative action in the Court first, and then bring an arbitration
later, or not bring the arbitration at all.

143 Further, as discussed, the Oppression Claim is not stayed in its entirety.
That part of the Oppression Claim that is brought by the third plaintiff, or
brought against the second and sixth to ninth defendants, will be heard by the
Court. In this situation, where there is an arbitrable oppression claim, and
an oppression claim that is not subject to arbitration, the plaintiffs are
able to elect which oppression claim to bring first.

144 The plaintiffs are alleging that they have been wronged. In my view it is
premature to make an order staying the claims not subject to the arbitration
agreement. At this stage there is no certainty that an arbitration will go
ahead. That is a matter for the plaintiffs. Accordingly, I decline, at this
stage, to stay the claims not subject to the arbitration agreement. …

Robson J thus underscored the plaintiffs’ freedom to decide how, when and
against whom to bring their claims to an appreciably more significant degree
than the other Australian cases discussed above. The Victoria Court of Appeal
has since granted leave for an appeal against Robson J’s decision: _Brazis and
others v Rosati and others_ (2014) 102 ACSR 626.

154 We make some observations on the Australian position before turning to the
position in other jurisdictions. First, the Australian courts have a strong
preference to avoid parallel proceedings that re-litigate (in the broad sense)
common issues. Indeed, from our review of the cases discussed above, that
appears to be their predominant consideration in deciding whether to grant a
stay of proceedings which do not fall within the scope of an arbitration
clause.

155 Second, perhaps because the Australian courts have tended to opt for
solutions that avoid the occurrence of parallel proceedings which entail the
re-litigation (in the broad sense) of common issues, they do not appear to
have devoted much attention to the possibility that those parties to the court
proceedings who do not participate in the arbitration and who might thus not
be bound by the arbitral tribunal’s decision may seek to challenge, in
subsequent court proceedings, adverse findings made by the arbitral tribunal.
But, there are hints (although no more than this) that pursuing such a course
_may_ , as we alluded to at [142] above, amount to an abuse of court process:
see the High Court of Australia’s decision in _Michael Wilson & Partners Ltd v
Nicholls and others_ (2011) 282 ALR 685 at [99] and [107].

156 Third, the Australian courts look to whether the claims which do not fall
within the scope of the arbitration clause in question are “subsidiary to”,
“significantly less substantial, but overlapping with” or “ancillary” to the
claims that are covered by the arbitration clause when determining how to
resolve the tension presented by the situation of overlapping court and
arbitral proceedings outlined at [140] above: see _Recyclers v Hettinga_ at
[65] (quoted at [149] above). However, one must also bear in mind that s 7 of
the Australian IAA 1974 does not stipulate a cut-off time for an application
for a stay of court proceedings in favour of arbitration. The Australian
courts therefore may, and often do, have the benefit of the statement of claim
and the defence before them when considering a stay application made under s 7
of the Australian IAA 1974. The Australian courts are therefore in a better
position to make an assessment of the issues that will be ventilated in the
proceedings than the Singapore courts, which, by virtue of the time frame
stipulated in s 6(1) of the IAA for making a stay application, hear stay
applications prior to the filing of the defence.

Canada

157 We turn now to case law from Canada. The Canadian courts adopt what
appears to be the most liberal approach with regard to staying court
proceedings when they overlap with related arbitral proceedings. The leading
case is the Ontario Court of Appeal decision of _Dalimpex_ , which we
mentioned earlier at [56] above in the context of the threshold question. In
that case, the plaintiff (“Dalimpex”) had a long-standing business
relationship with one of the defendants (“Agros”), a Polish corporation from
which it imported goods for distribution. An “Agency Agreement” containing an
arbitration clause governed the contractual relations between Dalimpex and
Agros. Another defendant (“Mr Janicki”) was a long-time employee of Agros who
later became an employee and senior executive of Dalimpex.

158 The business relationship between Dalimpex and Agros subsequently soured.
Dalimpex commenced court proceedings against Agros, Mr Janicki and an Ontario
corporation (“Agropol”) which hired Mr Janicki after he resigned from Dalimpex
when the business relationship between Dalimpex and Agros began to
deteriorate. Dalimpex alleged that Mr Janicki had conspired with Agros and
Agropol to injure it. It claimed: (a) against Mr Janicki for breaches of
contract, trust and fiduciary duties; (b) against Agros for conspiracy,
interfering with the economic relationship between it (Dalimpex) and Mr
Janicki and inducing a breach of contract between it and Mr Janicki; and (c)
against Agropol for conspiracy. Dalimpex also sought an injunction against all
three defendants and an order for the disgorgement of profits. The defendants
applied for a stay of the court proceedings in favour of arbitration pursuant
to Ontario’s International Commercial Arbitration Act (RSO 1990, c I-9), which
gives effect to Art 8 of the Model Law on the stay of proceedings.

159 Charron JA, delivering the judgment of the Ontario Court of Appeal, held
at [42] that the dispute between Dalimpex and Agros fell within the scope of
the arbitration clause and therefore had to be stayed. The court also did not
disturb the decision of the Divisional Court below that the rest of the
dispute between Dalimpex on the one hand and Mr Janicki and Agropol on the
other should be stayed pending the resolution of the arbitration. Charron JA
accepted at [44] the holding of the Divisional Court that since the “main
protagonists” were Dalimpex and Agros, the claims against the other two
defendants should be stayed pending the resolution of the arbitration. She
said at [45] that “it is obvious from the pleadings that [Dalimpex’s] action
against the other two [defendants] will stand or fall on the merits of the
action against Agros”.

160 The _Dalimpex_ approach was adopted and developed in a recent decision of
the Ontario Superior Court of Justice, _Blind Spot Holdings Ltd v Decast
Holdings Inc_ (2014) 25 BLR (5th) 122 (“ _Blind Spot_ ”). In that case, there
was a dispute between the minority shareholder (“Blind Spot”) and the majority
shareholder (“Decast”) of a company (“Munro Ltd”). Blind Spot was controlled
by John Munro. Both Mr Munro and his wife, Sheri Munro, were employees of
Munro Ltd. There was a shareholders’ agreement between Munro Ltd, Decast,
Blind Spot and Mr Munro which contained an arbitration clause. Disagreements
broke out between the parties, resulting in Munro Ltd terminating the
employment of Mr and Mrs Munro.

161 Blind Spot and Mr and Mrs Munro commenced proceedings against Munro Ltd,
Decast and Decast’s principal (“Mr Vitali”). A large part of the claims made
by the plaintiffs were for relief on the ground of oppression. There was also
a defamation claim by Mr Munro, a claim (likewise by Mr Munro) for breach of
fiduciary duties against Mr Vitali, as well as wrongful dismissal and
defamation claims by Mrs Munro. The defendants applied for a stay of the court
proceedings (except for that part of the proceedings relating to Mrs Munro’s
claims) in favour of arbitration.

162 Brown J held that the oppression claim fell within the scope of the
arbitration clause in the shareholders’ agreement and should be stayed. Brown
J also thought that a stay in respect of all the other claims was appropriate
on the basis of _Dalimpex_ : _Blind Spot_ at [34], [37] and [46]. He did not,
however, order a stay of Mrs Munro’s claims since the defendants were prepared
to let those claims proceed in court.

163 The Canadian courts therefore appear ready to stay court proceedings
pending the resolution of a related arbitration when they are satisfied that a
substantial part of the dispute before the court falls within the scope of an
arbitration clause. They also do not appear to have considered the potential
difficulty that those parties to the court proceedings who are not party to
the arbitration clause may not be bound by the arbitral tribunal’s findings.

England

164 Turning now to England, the English courts do not as readily grant stays
as do the Australian and the Canadian courts. The leading decision is that of
the English Court of Appeal in _Reichhold Norway ASA and another v Goldman
Sachs International (a firm)_ [2000] 1 WLR 173 (“ _Reichhold Norway (CA)_ ”),
where Lord Bingham CJ said at 186 that “stays are only granted in cases of
this kind in rare and compelling, circumstances”. He stated that in exercising
its discretion to grant a stay of court proceedings in the interests of
sensible case management pending the resolution of a related arbitration, the
court must take account of the “legitimate interests of plaintiffs and the
requirement that there should be no prejudice to plaintiffs beyond that which
the interests of justice [are] thought to justify”: _Reichhold Norway (CA)_ at
186.

165 The reason for such restraint may be found in the established common law
principle that a plaintiff is entitled to choose whom he wants to bring
proceedings against and where. Moore-Bick J, whose decision was the subject of
the appeal in _Reichhold Norway (CA)_ , said at first instance (see _Reichhold
Norway ASA and Anor v Goldman Sachs International_ [1999] CLC 486 (“
_Reichhold Norway (HC)_ ”) at 491):

… [A] plaintiff who has claims against a number of different people is
entitled to choose for himself whom to sue and whom not to sue. He is entitled
to take proceedings against some and not others for whatever reasons seem best
to him and, subject only to the need to control abuse of its process, the
court is not concerned with the reasons for his choice or the motives that lie
behind it. …

166 But, Moore-Bick J also recognised that the aforesaid entitlement was
neither an absolute nor an overriding one. He went on to add (likewise at 491
of _Reichhold Norway (HC)_):

… However, choosing whom to sue is one thing; choosing in what order to pursue
proceedings against different defendants may be another, especially when two
related sets of proceedings are being, or could be, pursued concurrently. In
such a case the court itself has a greater interest, not only because the
existence of concurrent proceedings may give rise to undesirable consequences
in the form of inconsistent decisions, but also because the outcome of one set
of proceedings may have an important effect on the conduct of the other. …

167 The proceedings in the _Reichhold Norway_ litigation stemmed from the sale
of the polymer division of Jotun AS (“Jotun”) to the plaintiffs (collectively,
“Reichhold”). The sale was facilitated by the defendant (“Goldman Sachs”),
which acted as Jotun’s agent. Jotun’s terms of engagement with Goldman Sachs
required it to indemnify and hold Goldman Sachs harmless against any loss
arising out of the engagement.

168 A dispute arose because the profitability of Jotun’s polymer division was
allegedly not what it had been warranted to be under the sale and purchase
agreement between Jotun and Reichhold (“the S&P agreement”). That agreement
contained an arbitration clause which required disputes arising out of the
agreement to be resolved by arbitration in Norway. Reichhold commenced
arbitration against Jotun in Norway pursuant to the arbitration clause in the
S&P agreement. Reichhold also commenced court proceedings against Goldman
Sachs in England for alleged negligent misstatements made by the latter in the
negotiations leading up to the conclusion of the S&P agreement.

169 Goldman Sachs applied for a stay of the English court proceedings pending
the resolution of the arbitration in Norway between Reichhold and Jotun.
Crucial to Moore-Bick J’s decision to grant the stay was his characterisation
of the relationship between the parties to the transaction. Moore-Bick J said
as follows at 492 of _Reichhold Norway (HC)_ :

… I think it is reasonably clear … that the commercial basis on which
Reichhold pursued the negotiations with Jotun was that it should have no
recourse against Jotun or anyone acting on its behalf, including Goldman
Sachs, in respect of the accuracy of any of the material disclosed during the
negotiations but instead would obtain under the [S&P] agreement warranties of
the accuracy of the accounts and of the development of the business in the
period since the most recent audited accounts. In commercial terms that seems
to me to make perfectly good sense because a warranty of that kind could be
expected to provide a straightforward remedy against the seller which should
adequately protect the buyer’s position while leaving it to the seller to make
whatever arrangements he thought fit with those acting on his behalf. In the
present case the third side of the triangle, that is, the relationship between
Goldman Sachs and Jotun, was covered by the engagement letter under which
Jotun agreed to indemnify Goldman Sachs against any liability to Reichhold.
_Viewed as a whole, therefore, there was a coherent arrangement under which
Reichhold would have its remedy under the [S &P] agreement for any misleading
or inaccurate information, but would be limited to that remedy, and Jotun
alone would be liable to provide that remedy. Any dispute between them was to
be decided in arbitration in accordance with the contract._ [emphasis added]

170 Moore-Bick J concluded at 493 that “[i]n practical terms … an award [at
the arbitration] might well determine the matter once and for all”. He was
alive to the fact that the arbitral award would not _bind_ Goldman Sachs. But,
practically, in the context of the specific commercial arrangement between the
parties, the outcome of the arbitration would have been dispositive of
Reichhold’s claim against Goldman Sachs before the court. Moore-Bick J also
considered a number of other factors in deciding whether to grant a stay,
namely (at 495–496): (a) the existence of a concurrent related arbitration,
and the degree of overlap between the court proceedings and the arbitration;
(b) the relationship between the parties to the court proceedings and the
parties to the arbitration; (c) considerations of cost and convenience; and
(d) whether Reichhold had a legitimate reason for pursuing court proceedings,
and the prejudice to it should a stay of the court proceedings be ordered. He
concluded that the factors weighed in favour of granting the stay sought by
Goldman Sachs. Moore-Bick J’s decision was upheld on appeal in _Reichhold
Norway (CA)_.

171 Subsequently, in _Mabey and Johnson Ltd v Jonathan Laszlo Danos_ [2007]
EWHC 1094 (Ch) (unreported) (11 May 2007) (“ _Mabey and Johnson_ ”), a
different result was reached. The plaintiff in that case (“Mabey”), an English
company that manufactured and exported pre-fabricated steel bridges, brought
claims against four defendants for fraud and conspiracy in relation to a
project for the supply of pre-fabricated bridges to Jamaica. The first two
defendants were former employees of Mabey. The third defendant was a Jamaican
company which acted as Mabey’s agent in the project (“DAG”), and the fourth
defendant was the principal of DAG (“Mr Gibson”), who resided in Jamaica. The
agency relationship between Mabey and DAG was governed by an agreement
containing an arbitration clause. The alleged fraud arose from a conspiracy to
inflate the level of commission which DAG was entitled to receive, with the
surplus to be divided between the four defendants.

172 DAG applied for the claims against it to be stayed pursuant to s 9 of the
UK Arbitration Act 1996. Mr Gibson applied for either: (a) a declaration that
the English courts had no jurisdiction to try the claims against him (by
seeking to set aside the service of the originating process out of
jurisdiction on him); or (b) in the alternative, an order that the claims
against him be stayed pending the resolution of the arbitration between Mabey
and DAG. Mabey accepted that as between it and DAG, the action had to be
stayed in favour of arbitration: _Mabey and Johnson_ at [14]. The dispute was
over whether, as between Mabey and Mr Gibson, the action should also be
stayed.

173 Henderson J held that it should not, and dismissed Mr Gibson’s application
for a stay. He was influenced by the desirability of having “a single trial
[take] place, in public, at which the strong prima facie case of fraud and
conspiracy against the three human defendants can be fully investigated and
determined”: _Mabey and Johnson_ at [37]. Henderson J also thought that there
was no reason why Mr Gibson should be permitted to take advantage of the
arbitration clause in the agreement between Mabey and DAG. He said that the
claims against Mr Gibson were “distinct, both legally and conceptually, from
the claims against DAG”: _Mabey and Johnson_ at [37]. Henderson J thus refused
to grant a stay, and distinguished _Reichhold Norway (CA)_ as an “unusual
case”: _Mabey and Johnson_ at [38].

174 As against this, _Reichhold Norway (CA)_ was cited and followed by the
English High Court in _ET Plus SA v Welter_ [2006] 1 Lloyd’s Rep 251. That
case, however, is of limited assistance because there was “no or no serious
dispute” (at [91]) there that if the court proceedings relating to the central
issue in dispute were stayed in favour of arbitration, then the rest of the
court proceedings should also be stayed pending the resolution of the
arbitration.

New Zealand

175 We turn finally to the position in New Zealand, which adopts the “rare and
compelling” standard laid down by Lord Bingham in _Reichhold Norway (CA)_ (see
[164] above). In this regard, the New Zealand High Court’s decision in _Danone
Asia Pacific Holdings Pte Ltd and others v Fonterra Co-operative Group
Limited_ [2014] NZHC 1681 (“ _Danone v Fonterra_ ”) is instructive.

176 There were eight plaintiffs in the court proceedings in _Danone v
Fonterra_ (collectively, “the Eight Plaintiffs”). The first plaintiff (“Danone
AP”) was a manufacturer and supplier of baby formula. The dispute arose out of
a supply agreement between Danone AP and Fonterra Limited, under which
Fonterra Limited agreed to provide dairy-derived nutritional base powder
product to Danone AP for use in its baby formula. The supply agreement
contained a clause requiring disputes to be settled by arbitration before the
SIAC. The product supplied by Fonterra Limited pursuant to that agreement was
subsequently discovered to be toxigenic, and as a consequence, the Eight
Plaintiffs had to issue comprehensive recalls of baby formula that might
potentially have been affected by the toxigenic product.

177 Pursuant to the arbitration clause in the supply agreement between Danone
AP and Fonterra Limited, the Eight Plaintiffs commenced arbitration in
Singapore against Fonterra Limited and Fonterra Australia Pty Limited
(“Fonterra Australia”), the company which had manufactured the toxigenic
product distributed to the Eight Plaintiffs. (Fonterra Limited, in its
response to the notice of arbitration, pointed out that the putative arbitral
tribunal would only have jurisdiction over it and Danone AP, who were the only
parties to the supply agreement.) The Eight Plaintiffs’ claims in the
arbitration were in contract and in tort, in particular, for false
representations about the safety of the product. There were also statutory
claims for misleading and deceptive practices.

178 The Eight Plaintiffs then commenced proceedings in the New Zealand High
Court against Fonterra Limited’s parent company, Fonterra Co-operative Group
Limited (“FCGL”). In the court proceedings, the Eight Plaintiffs contended
that the persons who had made the false representations (the subject matter of
one of the claims in the arbitration) on behalf of Fonterra Limited had been
employed by FCGL at the material time, and FCGL was therefore liable
vicariously. There were also claims against FCGL for negligence and deceptive
and misleading conduct, as well as statutory claims for misleading
representations. The heads of damages and the amounts claimed by the Eight
Plaintiffs in both the arbitration and the court proceedings were exactly the
same: €280m for projected costs impact, and €350m for lost sales.

179 FCGL applied for a stay of the New Zealand court proceedings pending the
resolution of the Singapore arbitration. Venning J held that the New Zealand
High Court had the power to grant the stay. He said at [54]–[55]:

54 … [T]he Court retains jurisdiction to stay the proceedings … under … its
inherent jurisdiction including for reasons of sensible case management.
Parties do not enjoy an unfettered right to access the Courts; rather, the
Court is entitled to impose procedures that are appropriate in the
circumstances having regard to the nature and content of the litigation as a
whole.

55 The jurisdiction to do so, however, should only be exercised in _rare and
compelling_ circumstances. There must be a real risk of unfairness or
oppression to the defendant if the proceedings were allowed to continue.
Considerations of cost, convenience and the interests of justice must weigh in
favour of a stay. The onus is on the applicant to satisfy the Court that such
circumstances exist.

[emphasis added]

Venning J considered a number of factors when determining whether to grant the
stay, including (at [56]): (a) the relationship between the parties to the
court proceedings and the parties to the arbitration; (b) the claims in the
court proceedings and those in the arbitration, and the respective issues
which they raised; (c) issue estoppel; (d) the risk of inconsistent findings
between the two sets of proceedings; (e) the risk of delay; and (f) cost.

180 Venning J decided to stay the New Zealand court proceedings pending the
resolution of the Singapore arbitration for the following reasons:

(a) The Eight Plaintiffs’ claims in the court proceedings were “effectively
derivative from, and subsidiary to” the contractual claims that Danone AP (the
first plaintiff) was pursuing against Fonterra Limited in the arbitration. The
second to eighth plaintiffs’ “claims against FCGL [in the court proceedings]
add little to Danone AP’s claims”: _Danone v Fonterra_ at [61].

(b) There was a “significant overlap between both the factual basis underlying
the claim in the arbitration and [the court] proceeding and also the legal
issues that will arise in both”: _Danone v Fonterra_ at [77].

(c) There was no bar to the claims pursued by Danone AP against FCGL in the
court proceedings being pursued by Danone AP against Fonterra Limited in the
arbitration: _Danone v Fonterra_ at [84].

(d) The claimants (_viz_ , the Eight Plaintiffs) were the same in both the
arbitration and the court proceedings. In the court proceedings, the Eight
Plaintiffs and FCGL would be bound by relevant findings made at the
arbitration because FCGL and Fonterra Limited were “likely to be regarded as
privies” for the purposes of issue estoppel as there was “a sufficient nexus
or mutuality of interest as between Fonterra [Limited] and FCGL in relation to
the issues raised in the arbitration and [the issues raised in] the current
proceedings”: _Danone v Fonterra_ at [87].

(e) There was a practical risk of inconsistent findings of fact and law
between the court proceedings and the arbitration, given the overlap between
the facts and the legal issues in the two sets of proceedings: _Danone v
Fonterra_ at [89].

(f) There would be a duplication of witnesses and evidence between the
arbitration and the court proceedings: _Danone v Fonterra_ at [90].

(g) Both Danone AP and Fonterra Limited were large corporate enterprises that
had agreed to resolve their disputes by arbitration and not by the court
process: _Danone v Fonterra_ at [92].

181 In granting the stay, Venning J took into account the fact that the
arbitration was at a very preliminary stage (at that time, both parties had
already appointed their arbitrators, but the third had yet to be appointed),
which would add to the delay in resolving the dispute. He noted, however, that
if the arbitration were delayed by Fonterra Limited, then the Eight Plaintiffs
were entitled to apply to have the stay lifted. He also pointed out that
“[t]he financial consequences of delay can be addressed by an award of
interest at a realistic rate”: _Danone v Fonterra_ at [91].

182 The stay that Venning J granted was temporary, and the Eight Plaintiffs
were entitled to pursue court proceedings once the arbitration concluded. In
explaining why it was sensible for the arbitration to proceed first, Venning J
said (at [96]):

In my view the arbitration should go first because the parties agreed the
arbitration process was to apply to claims arising out of the supply of
product by Fonterra [Limited] to Danone AP. The central dispute in this matter
lies between Fonterra [Limited] and Danone AP. The parties negotiated the
terms of the supply agreement and provided for the consequences flowing from
breach to be determined by arbitration. This dispute is the direct result of
alleged failures by Fonterra [Limited] in quality control in breach of the
supply agreement. The tortious and statutory claims may not be derivative in a
technical sense from the supply agreement but I am of the opinion that they
are sufficiently connected so that it would be unrealistic to divorce them and
determine the issues in tandem without reference to each other. Whether or not
the Singaporean arbitration ultimately determines all the issues between the
[Eight Plaintiffs] and [the] Fonterra [group of companies] …, it will at the
very least clarify the landscape for the remaining issues not caught by issue
estoppel.

183 Venning J concluded at [97] that the case before him was one of the “rare
and compelling” situations which required a stay. He considered the Eight
Plaintiffs’ entitlement to access the court and have their rights vindicated
in a timely manner, but thought that this was subject to the court’s
overriding control of its own proceedings. He also thought that it would be
oppressive for FCGL to have to answer the allegations raised by the Eight
Plaintiffs in the court proceedings when the claims arose out of the supply
agreement between Danone AP and Fonterra Limited which contained the
arbitration clause.

184 Venning J’s decision in _Danone v Fonterra_ was appealed against. However,
by the time the appeal reached the New Zealand Court of Appeal, events had
overtaken the issues that had arisen before Venning J. By then, the arbitral
proceedings in Singapore were afoot, and a timetable with tight timelines had
been set for the arbitration: _Danone Asia Pacific Holdings Pte Ltd and others
v Fonterra Co-operative Group Limited_ [2014] NZCA 536 at [16]. The only
question before the New Zealand Court of Appeal was whether the pre-trial
procedures for the New Zealand court proceedings should be allowed to run
alongside the arbitration. The New Zealand Court of Appeal did not think so,
and dismissed the appeal.

185 For completeness, we should also mention _Montgomery Watson NZ Ltd v
Milburn NZ Ltd_ [2000] BCL 1022, a decision of Young J, who was then sitting
in the New Zealand High Court. Young J did not allow court proceedings to
proceed alongside arbitration in that case because he thought that that would
allow the plaintiff to subvert the arbitration clause in question. It will be
sufficient to note Venning J’s summary of the case at [42] of _Danone v
Fonterra_ :

In _Montgomery Watson NZ Ltd v Milburn NZ Ltd & Ors_, Montgomery Watson and
Aquatec-McDow were parties to an arbitration agreement. Montgomery Watson
issued proceedings against four defendants, including Aquatec-McDow. William
Young J considered that if Montgomery Watson was permitted to pursue its
claims against the first three defendants those defendants could be expected
to join Aquatic-McDow with the result [that] the proceedings would effectively
run in parallel with the arbitration agreement. He considered that that would
permit the process of the Court to subvert the arbitration agreement between
Aquatic-McDow and Montgomery Watson. The Judge stayed the proceedings.

Our decision on the appropriate orders to make

186 The authorities discussed above reveal gradations of response to what is
in essence the same problem as that in the situation of overlapping court and
arbitral proceedings outlined at [140] above. We alluded to this problem in
our introduction to this judgment, namely, that of seeking to uphold the
statutory mandate and the strong legislative policy in favour of arbitration
in circumstances where the dispute which is covered by the arbitration clause
in question forms only part of a larger dispute with a broader horizon. The
unifying theme amongst the cases is the recognition that the court, as the
final arbiter, should take the lead in ensuring the efficient and fair
resolution of the dispute as a whole. The precise measures which the court
deploys to achieve that end will turn on the facts and the precise contours of
the litigation in each case.

187 We would not set the bar for the grant of a case management stay at the
“rare and compelling” threshold that the English and the New Zealand courts
have adopted. We recognise that a plaintiff’s right to sue whoever he wants
and where he wants is a fundamental one. But, that right is not absolute. It
is restrained only to a modest extent when the plaintiff’s claim is stayed
temporarily pending the resolution of a related arbitration, as opposed to
when the plaintiff’s claim is shut out in its entirety: _Reichhold Norway
(HC)_ at 491 _per_ Moore-Bick J. In appropriate cases, that right may be
curtailed or may even be regarded as subsidiary to holding the plaintiff to
his obligation to arbitrate where he has agreed to do so. The strength of the
plaintiff’s right of timely access to the court will therefore vary depending
on the facts of each case. In a situation where there are multiple plaintiffs,
some of whom are not bound to arbitrate (as in _Danone v Fonterra_), staying
the court proceedings may result in a greater derogation from this right for
those plaintiffs who are not bound by the arbitration clause. But, that is not
a concern for us in the present appeals because Silica Investors is the _sole
plaintiff_ in the Suit and is _bound to arbitrate_ at least one of the issues
that it intends to rely on in the court proceedings against Lionsgate and the
remaining defendants (namely, the Management Participation Allegation). The
presence of the obligation to arbitrate this allegation diminishes the force
of any objection that Silica Investors may raise that its right of timely
access to the court is being undermined.

188 This does not mean that if part of a dispute is sent for arbitration, the
court proceedings relating to the rest of the dispute _will_ be stayed as a
matter of course. The court must in every case aim to strike a balance between
three higher-order concerns that may pull in different considerations: first,
a plaintiff’s right to choose whom he wants to sue and where; second, the
court’s desire to prevent a plaintiff from circumventing the operation of an
arbitration clause; and third, the court’s inherent power to manage its
processes to prevent an abuse of process and ensure the efficient and fair
resolution of disputes. The balance that is struck must ultimately serve the
ends of justice. In this regard, we consider that the court’s discretion to
stay court proceedings pending the resolution of a related arbitration, at the
request of parties who are not subject to the arbitration agreement in
question, can in turn be made subject to the agreement of those parties to be
bound by any applicable findings that may be made by the arbitral tribunal. We
also think that the set of factors considered by Venning J in _Danone v
Fonterra_ (at [179]–[180] above) offers a comprehensive (although by no means
exhaustive) and instructive guide for courts faced with the scenario of
overlap described at [140] above.

189 Against the backdrop of these principles, we turn to the facts of the
present appeals. The position as it stands may be summarised as follows:

(a) As between Silica Investors and _Lionsgate_ :

(i) We have held that the court proceedings between these two parties in
relation to the Management Participation Allegation are subject to a mandatory
stay under s 6 of the IAA.

(ii) That allegation forms part of Silica Investors’ case against all eight
defendants named in the Suit, in which Silica Investors alleges oppressive or
unfairly prejudicial conduct towards it as a minority shareholder of AMRG. It
was not suggested before us that the Management Participation Allegation on
its own could sustain the oppression claim that Silica Investors wishes to
pursue.

(iii) It would be logical to have the Management Participation Allegation
determined first as between Silica Investors and Lionsgate by arbitration. As
it turns out, this is likely to involve a reasonably limited inquiry into the
construction of a specific provision in the Share Sale Agreement. Thereafter,
the rest of the court proceedings by Silica Investors against Lionsgate (_ie_
, the court proceedings relating to the other three allegations made by Silica
Investors in the Suit) can proceed, with the court having the benefit of the
arbitral tribunal’s award on the Management Participation Allegation.

(iv) There is no arbitration afoot as yet and Silica Investors may elect to
forgo its reliance on the Management Participation Allegation as far as
Lionsgate is concerned, and rest its case against Lionsgate in the court
proceedings on the remaining three allegations.

(b) As between Silica Investors and _the remaining defendants_ :

(i) There is no arbitration agreement between any of these parties.

(ii) The remaining defendants seek a stay of the court proceedings against
them as a matter of case management. In our judgment, such a position would be
warranted and would have much to commend it, especially if the remaining
defendants are agreeable to being bound by whatever decision is reached by the
arbitral tribunal on the Management Participation Allegation as between Silica
Investors and Lionsgate (assuming Silica Investors wishes to pursue that
aspect of its case).

(iii) On the other hand, it seems to us that the remaining defendants’ present
stance of seeking a stay of the court proceedings against them pending the
arbitration of the Management Participation Allegation between Silica
Investors and Lionsgate is inconsistent with their retaining a right to re-
litigate (in the broad sense) that allegation after the arbitration. Any
attempt to do so may well fall within the remit of the doctrine of abuse of
process (see [142] above), which has been recognised as being similar to but
distinct from, and in that sense, as overlapping with, the doctrine of _res
judicata_ : _Lai Swee Lin Linda v Attorney-General_ [2006] 2 SLR(R) 565 at
[62]–[63]; _Goh Nellie v Goh Lian Teck and others_ [2007] 1 SLR(R) 453 at
[22]–[24].

(iv) A situation of such abuse of process would be even more likely to
materialise if Silica Investors offers to arbitrate the Management
Participation Allegation with the remaining defendants before the same
tribunal as that which deals with this allegation as between Silica Investors
and Lionsgate, but the remaining defendants decline the offer.

(v) Silica Investors’ position at present is that it wishes to proceed with
the Suit in court.

190 In our judgment, having regard to the aforesaid, we consider that the
present appeals should be resolved in the following manner:

(a) Silica Investors should first decide within two weeks from the date of
this judgment (or such other period as we may provide on application) whether
it is willing to forgo its claim against Lionsgate on the Management
Participation Allegation, and it should make its decision clear.

(b) If Silica Investors decides not to pursue the Management Participation
Allegation against Lionsgate, then there will be no need for the court
proceedings in the Suit to be stayed. But in that event, Silica Investors will
similarly not be entitled to rely on the Management Participation Allegation
against the remaining defendants. If it were to do so, that would be a naked
attempt on its part to circumvent the arbitration clause in the Share Sale
Agreement. The Management Participation Allegation rests entirely on a clause
in the Share Sale Agreement, and the only counterparty to that agreement is
Lionsgate. Hence, if Silica Investors decides not to pursue the Management
Participation Allegation against Lionsgate, then this allegation will not form
part of its case against the remaining defendants as well.

(c) If, on the other hand, Silica Investors decides to pursue the Management
Participation Allegation against Lionsgate, then the court proceedings against
Lionsgate in respect of that allegation will be stayed in favour of
arbitration pursuant to s 6 of the IAA. In addition, the court proceedings
against Lionsgate in respect of the remaining three allegations made in the
Suit will also be stayed pursuant to the court’s inherent power of case
management, _subject to_ the provisos set out at sub-para (e) below.

(d) In scenario (c) above, Silica Investors should consider whether it is
willing to offer to arbitrate the Management Participation Allegation with the
remaining defendants before the same tribunal as that which is to be
constituted to arbitrate this allegation as between it (Silica Investors) and
Lionsgate. If Silica Investors does make such an offer but the remaining
defendants decline that offer, then that, coupled with their present stance of
asking for a stay of the court proceedings against them on the basis of case
management, will provide strong grounds for finding that it would be an abuse
of process for them to seek to re-litigate (in the broad sense) the Management
Participation Allegation in court after the conclusion of the arbitration
between Silica Investors and Lionsgate.

(e) The provisos we have mentioned at sub-para (c) above are these:

(i) The Management Participation Allegation strikes us as a narrow issue that
is subsidiary in importance to the other issues and allegations which have
been raised in the Suit. Thus, if Silica Investors decides to pursue this
particular allegation, the stay of the court proceedings will be conditional
upon this allegation being arbitrated expeditiously. The parties to any
arbitration to resolve the Management Participation Allegation should
therefore endeavour to have it resolved by means of any expedited procedures
that may be available under the SIAC Arbitration Rules for the time being in
force.

(ii) In any case, should the resolution of any such arbitration of the
Management Participation Allegation be unduly delayed, any party to the
arbitration has liberty to apply to the court for the stay to be lifted and
for the court proceedings in respect of Silica Investors’ remaining three
allegations to proceed.

(f) Subject to the foregoing (including the provisos listed at sub-para (e)
above), we consider that if Silica Investors decides to pursue the Management
Participation Allegation against Lionsgate by arbitration, whether with or
without the participation of the remaining defendants, then the rest of the
court proceedings in the Suit, whether against Lionsgate or against the
remaining defendants, will be stayed in the interests of case management.

Conclusion and disposition

191 In the circumstances, we allow all three appeals in part and make the
following directions for the conduct of the Suit:

(a) Silica Investors is to decide within two weeks from the date of this
judgment (or such other period as we may provide) whether it intends to pursue
the Management Participation Allegation against Lionsgate by arbitration.

(b) If Silica Investors decides to do so, then:

(i) As between Silica Investors and Lionsgate, the court proceedings in
respect of the Management Participation Allegation will be stayed in favour of
arbitration under s 6 of the IAA.

(ii) The remaining court proceedings between Silica Investors and Lionsgate,
as well as the entirety of the court proceedings against the remaining
defendants will also be stayed in the interests of case management, _subject
to_ the provisos set out at [190(e)] above.

(iii) In addition, Silica Investors is to decide (likewise within two weeks
from the date of this judgment or such other period as we may provide) whether
it is willing to offer to arbitrate the Management Participation Allegation
with the remaining defendants on the terms outlined at [190(d)] above. If
Silica Investors is willing to do so and does make such an offer to arbitrate,
the remaining defendants are to respond to Silica Investors’ offer within two
weeks from the date of the offer. For the avoidance of doubt, regardless of
whether or not the remaining defendants accept any offer to arbitrate which
Silica Investors may make, pending the resolution of the arbitration
concerning the Management Participation Allegation, the court proceedings
against the remaining defendants in respect of all four allegations made in
the Suit will be stayed, _subject to_ the provisos set out at [190(e)] above.

(c) If, on the other hand, Silica Investors abandons reliance on the
Management Participation Allegation, then it may proceed in court against all
eight defendants named in the Suit in respect of the other three allegations
made in the Suit, save for the Management Participation Allegation.

(d) In any event, the parties are at liberty to apply for any further orders
should there be any difficulty in working out the orders made by this court,
any need for clarification or any material change of circumstances (which
includes the emergence of material new considerations). As any such
application would be made pursuant to the court’s inherent power of case
management, it may be made to the High Court in the first instance.

192 In all the circumstances, we set aside the costs order made by the Judge
in the court below, and hold that each party is to bear its own costs for both
the proceedings below and the proceedings before us. We also make the usual
consequential orders.

193 Finally, we record our gratitude to counsel for their thorough research
and able assistance, and to Prof Boo, whose views we found very helpful.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 26 Oct 2015 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

