Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Mondial Assistance (Asia) Pte Ltd _v_ Eric Jean Raymond Morazin  
[2015] SGHC 160

Case Number| :| Suit No 814 of 2014 (Registrar's Appeal Nos 139 and 140 of
2015)  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 29 June 2015  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Choo Han Teck J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  N Sreenivasan SC, Liow Wang Wu Joseph, Nicole Oon Siew
Sien and Charlene Cheam Xuelin (Straits Law Practice LLC) for the plaintiff;
Tito Isaac Shane, Chan Yew Loong Justin and Neo Wei Chian Valerie (Tito Isaac
& Co LLP) for the defendant.  
Parties| :|  Mondial Assistance (Asia) Pte Ltd — Eric Jean Raymond Morazin  
  
29 June 2015| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Choo Han Teck J:

1 The plaintiff is a company engaged in the assistance insurance business, and
is a member of the Allianz Global Assistance (“AGA”) group of companies. The
main business lines of AGA include automotive services, travel insurance,
health and life care services and property services. The defendant was
employed by the plaintiff as Chief Sales Officer for the Asia-Pacific region
from on or about 1 August 2012, and was a director of the plaintiff from 1
November 2013 till on or about 30 June 2014. The exact date is disputed by the
parties, but is not relevant at present. The defendant has since left the
employ of the plaintiff and is currently working for AXA Travel Insurance
(“ATI”) which is part of the AXA Assistance group. The plaintiff claims that
AXA Assistance is a major competitor of AGA.

2 At the outset, it is helpful to set out the plaintiff’s case against the
defendant. It can be summarised as follows:

(a) The defendant breached his obligations under the employment contract
and/or his fiduciary obligations by collaborating with AXA Assistance and/or
ATI whilst still employed by the plaintiff as a director, sometime between
September 2013 and March 2014;

(b) Sometime between 29 December 2013 and 31 March 2014, the defendant
breached his express and/or implied obligations under his employment contract
and duty of confidence to the plaintiff by misappropriating proprietary and
confidential information belonging to the plaintiff and failing to return them
thereafter; and

(c) The defendant breached his post-employment restrictive covenants set out
in his employment contract with the plaintiff by joining ATI and engaging in
business activity that is in competition with the AGA group.

3 The plaintiff has previously appointed forensic experts to carry out an
examination of the company laptop computer that the defendant had returned to
the plaintiff after his resignation. From that forensic examination, the
plaintiff discovered that the defendant had installed Dropbox, a file hosting
service, and had stored more than 17,000 files in the Dropbox folder. The
plaintiff has further identified that out of these files, 5992 contain
commercial information relating to the plaintiff’s business or operations. It
has further identified that at least 168 of these documents are highly
sensitive and confidential information relating to, _inter alia_ , client
proposals, client contracts, and client presentations. The plaintiff was also
able to identify the 12 Universal Serial Bus (“USB”) file storage devices that
had been connected to the plaintiff’s computer laptop since September 2013.
The defendant states that it has also engaged forensic experts to look into
the documents in the defendant’s Dropbox account.

4 The plaintiff sought electronic discovery of documents downloaded onto the
defendant’s personal devices, email accounts and personal computer by way of
High Court Summons No 68 of 2015 (“HC/SUM 68/2015”). In particular, it sought
electronic discovery of the following:

(a) The defendant’s personal computer;

(b) The defendant’s USB file storage devices;

(c) The defendant’s Dropbox; and

(d) The defendant’s email accounts, namely, [_e-mail address redacted_] (“the
Gmail account”), [_e-mail address redacted_] (“the Wanadoo account”), and [_e-
mail address redacted_] (“the AXA account”).

5 Parties appeared before the Assistant Registrar (“AR”) in respect of HC/SUM
68/2015 on 28 April 2015. The AR granted the plaintiff’s application for
electronic discovery of the various repositories except in respect of the
Gmail account and the AXA account. The AR granted the plaintiff liberty to
apply if the search into repositories allowed reveals documents that point to
the existence of other relevant documents in the defendant’s Gmail and AXA
accounts. The AR did not allow some of the plaintiff’s revised keywords as set
out in its letter to the defendant’s solicitors dated 25 March 2015. The
plaintiff appealed against the decision by way of Registrar’s Appeal No 139 of
2015 (“RA 139/2015”) in respect of the email accounts and keywords which were
denied. The defendant appealed against the whole of the AR’s decision by way
of Registrar’s Appeal No 140 of 2015 (“RA 140/2015”).

6 Electronic discovery is appropriate and necessary in the digital information
age where information is stored electronically and is retained for indefinite
periods of time. The large numbers of electronic documents relevant to
disputes in court require too much time and effort to conduct an ocular
review. But courts must avoid the mentality that Jacob LJ cautioned against,
namely, that one has to “leave no stone unturned” in the pursuit of “perfect
justice” in every case because that would, ironically, defeat justice (_Nichia
Corporation v Argos Ltd_ [2007] EWCA Civ 741 at [50] – [51] and affirmed in
_Global Yellow Pages Ltd v Promedia Directories Pte Ltd_ [2013] 3 SLR 758 (“
_Global Yellow Pages_ ”) at [31]). Thus, it must be emphasised that the
traditional tests of relevance and necessity must be followed in the
electronic discovery procedure. Disclosure is not necessary where it does not
go toward the fair disposal of the matter or results in parties incurring
greater costs. Electronic discovery has merely developed in response to
advancements in technology, it has not superseded the rules of procedure in
non-electronic discovery.

7 The defendant argues that electronic discovery is not appropriate in this
case as only 168 documents have been identified to be highly sensitive and
confidential, and this is not voluminous. Even if the court considers the 5992
documents that have been identified to contain commercial information
proprietary to the plaintiff, the defendant argues that the discovery of such
documents may be provided by simply extracting those from the defendant’s
Dropbox into a CD-ROM, thus vitiating the necessity of electronic discovery.
But the Dropbox account is merely one of the repositories which contain
confidential information. The defendant’s various email accounts and USB
storage devices hold even more electronic documents which the plaintiff has
shown to be relevant to the dispute at hand, and to conduct an ocular review
of such repositories would incur too high a cost. I am of the view that
electronic discovery is necessary in this case.

8 At the hearing on 28 April 2015, the plaintiff did not claim that the
defendant had used the Gmail account to transfer the plaintiff’s information
to unauthorised persons, nor that the defendant had used the Gmail account to
communicate with his would-be employer and related companies. The plaintiff
had merely stated that the Gmail account was used to set up the Dropbox
account. As such, the AR had refused to allow a search into the Gmail account
at that stage, and rightly so. Since then, counsel for the plaintiff has filed
an affidavit dated 22 May 2015 to exhibit an e-invitation received by the
defendant at his Gmail account from AXA Assistance and/or ATI personnel. In
his affidavit in reply dated 2 June 2015, the defendant has admitted that this
invitation was for a conference call scheduled between himself and
representatives of AXA Assistance, and was part of the recruitment interview
that he had with them prior to joining. Further, the plaintiff has also
provided documents which show that the Gmail account contains documents
belonging to the plaintiff which the defendant had forwarded from his work
email with the plaintiff. The evidence provided, which need not have been
included in the plaintiff’s initial statement of claim, are relevant to the
claims that the defendant has misappropriated information proprietary and
confidential to the plaintiff, and that the defendant may have collaborated
with AXA Assistance prior to leaving the employ of the plaintiff. I am thus
satisfied that, in the defendant’s negotiation with his would-be employer AXA
Assistance whilst he was still employed by the plaintiff, the defendant is
likely to have used his personal Gmail account to contact them. I would thus
order a search into the [_e-mail address redacted_] email account.

9 In refusing to grant electronic discovery of the defendant’s email account
with AXA and/or ATI, the AR noted that there was a countervailing interest of
protecting the property of AXA and/or ATI, especially since the plaintiff has
not added them as parties to this action. The plaintiff argues that the AXA
account is relevant and necessary as information relating to the defendant’s
customers, travel for induction programs, and job scope may be found in the
email account. In response, the defendant states that this amounts to a
fishing expedition, and the plaintiff is proceeding on the basis of a mere
suspicion. At the time of the hearing before the AR, the plaintiff had not
satisfied the court that relevant documents containing the plaintiff’s
confidential information, may reside in the AXA account. This remains to be
the case. The plaintiff also has not furnished evidence to support its claim
that the defendant has breached the restraint of trade clause under his
employment agreement with the plaintiff because of his current job scope with
AXA. I thus am of the view that it is not necessary for the fair disposal of
the matter or for saving costs, to order electronic discovery of the AXA
account and dismiss the appeal.

10 I am of the view that the AR’s order of a search into the defendant’s
Wanadoo account was appropriate as the plaintiff has demonstrated that
information confidential and proprietary to the plaintiff has been found in
the defendant’s email account. The AR’s order of a search into the 12 USB file
storage devices was also appropriate as they had been connected to the laptop
which the defendant had used whilst employed by the plaintiff, and are part of
the property and information of the plaintiff. To this end, I note that the
plaintiff has specifically pleaded in its statement of claim (as amended) for
the defendant to return these storage devices to the plaintiff. The AR also
held that if the device is no longer in the defendant’s possession, custody or
power, he is to file an affidavit to state what has happened to any such
device when the list of documents is filed. The defendant has referred to [43]
of his first affidavit dated 16 February 2015 which states that only one of
the 12 USB devices are still in his possession and he is “unaware of the
whereabouts of the remaining 11 USB devices”. It is thus no longer necessary
for the defendant to file a further affidavit stating the same.

11 For the purpose of these appeals, the relevant keywords which were ordered
by the AR had previously been modified by the defendant and agreed upon by the
parties. Those revised keywords which remained in dispute were not ordered by
the AR. The plaintiff now seeks to introduce 27 search terms of names of
locations in the Asia-Pacific region which allegedly relate to the
geographical scope of the defendant’s current employment with ATI (at [50] of
the plaintiff’s submissions dated 22 May 2015). The plaintiff states that this
is relevant to its claim that the defendant has breached its post-employment
restrictive covenants set out in its employment contract with the plaintiff.
The plaintiff also appeals against some of the search terms that were denied
by the AR, and as annexed to its Notice of Appeal dated 12 May 2015 (“Annex
A”).

12 Keyword searches are potentially both over-inclusive and under-inclusive.
Lee Seiu Kin J has very helpfully provided suggestions to parties in
determining appropriate keywords that can be used, based on a concept of
“accuracy”, rather than relevance. He states at [53] of _Global Yellow Pages_
that “[t]he best keyword searches are those that maximise the number of
relevant documents and minimise the number of irrelevant documents within the
subset.” The subset was defined as documents which contain the keywords used,
within the larger universal set comprising of all the documents in the
relevant electronic devices. The accuracy of the keywords is also considered
against the importance of the documents sought and the financial cost that has
already been incurred. In this case, both parties have engaged forensic
experts to conduct examinations of certain documents, including those in the
USB devices and the Dropbox folder. Electronic discovery by way of keyword
searches is not to disadvantage the party giving discovery, but rather to
benefit the party, so that the cost of complying with his discovery
obligations is lessened. If the party giving discovery complies with the court
order for discovery by way of particular keywords, that will discharge his
discovery obligations at that stage (_Global Yellow Pages_ at [63]).

13 I am of the view that the 27 keyword searches relating to geographical
locations in the Asia Pacific region do not possess a high degree of accuracy
as they are too broad. These search terms will generate a high number of
irrelevant documents that may relate to AXA’s work in these geographical
locations but may not involve the defendant, and the process of sieving out
the relevant documents will result in increased costs. With regard to the
search terms that were previously denied, the AR states that it would be
“sufficient for the Defendant to disclose his employment contract with ATI and
all other employment related documents” and thus did not order these keywords
to be used to ascertain the defendant’s current scope of employment. Part of
the plaintiff’s claim against the defendant is that the defendant has breached
its post-employment restraint clause through the scope of its employment with
ATI. Although I have not made an order for electronic discovery of the
plaintiff’s AXA account, I am satisfied that defendant did use his personal
email accounts to communicate with his current employer, which would have
included communications about his future job scope and position description. I
thus allow the search terms as set out in serial numbers 1 to 5, 10, and 11 of
Annex A. As for the terms set out in serial numbers 6-9, I only order the
search terms which include “AGA” or “Allianz” or “Mondial”. The rest of the
search terms are not accurate and are likely to generate a high number of
irrelevant documents.

14 The defendant does not appeal against the search terms as ordered by the
AR, but disagrees with the relevant time frame to be used. The AR had used the
time period between 1 July 2013, taking into account the policy of the
plaintiff dated July 2013 as to the use of information or IT resources of AGA,
and 2 January 2015, being the approximate date on which the Restraint Period
lapsed. I am of the view that the starting date of 1 September 2013 is more
appropriate, given that this is the period from which the plaintiff alleges
the defendant started to collaborate with AXA and ATI without the knowledge
and consent of the plaintiff. I am of the view that the end date of 2 January
2015 is appropriate, taking into account the end of the trade restraint
period. Thus, the search terms will be carried out limited to the period
between 1 September 2013 and 2 January 2015.

15 For the reasons above, RA 140/2015 is allowed in part, in regard to the
relevant time period of the keyword searches, and RA 139/2015 is allowed in
part, to allow for some of the search terms contained in Annex A to be used,
and an order for electronic discovery of the defendant’s Gmail account is
made. Costs in both appeals are reserved to the trial judge.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 29 Jun 2015 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

