Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Cheng William _v_ Allister Lim & Thrumurgan and another and another appeal  
[2015] SGCA 15

Case Number| :| Civil Appeal Nos 148 and 152 of 2014  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 16 March 2015  
Tribunal/Court| :| Court of Appeal  
Coram| :|  Sundaresh Menon CJ; Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA; Quentin Loh J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Melvin Chan Kah Keen and Rachel Tan Pei Qian (TSMP Law
Corporation) for the appellant in CA 148/2014 and the fourth respondent in CA
152/2014; Christopher Anand s/o Daniel, Ganga d/o Avadiar and Foo Li Chuan
Arlene (Advocatus Law LLP) for the respondents in CA 148/2014 and the
appellants in CA 152/2014; Thomas Lei and Chua Lyn Ern (Lawrence Chua &
Partners) for the first to third respondents in CA 152/2014; Fifth respondent
in person; Sixth respondent absent.  
Parties| :|  Cheng William — Allister Lim & Thrumurgan and another  
  
16 March 2015| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Sundaresh Menon CJ (delivering the judgment of the court):

1 These two appeals concern a businessman who bought a shophouse (“the
Shophouse”) in his wife’s and son’s names, thinking that it had a remaining
lease of 62 years. Some weeks after the sale and purchase of the property had
been completed, he discovered that there were only 17 years left on the lease.
The businessman and his family then sued their conveyancing solicitor in
negligence for the reduced value of the Shophouse. They say that their
solicitor failed to inform them of the length of the remaining lease. The
solicitor in turn pinned the blame on the seller who misrepresented the
position; the family’s property agent who passed on that misrepresentation and
so misled the family; and indeed on the businessman and his family for not
having mentioned at any time their understanding of the length of the
remaining lease or that such a representation as to the length of the
remaining lease had been made to them and was being relied on by them.

Background Facts

2 The background facts are set out in full in the High Court judge’s (“the
Judge”) judgment in _Su Ah Tee and others v Allister Lim and Thrumurgan (sued
as a firm) and another (William Cheng and others, third parties)_ [2014] SGHC
159 (“the Judgment”). We do not propose to repeat them in their entirety, but
will highlight the salient facts that are germane to these appeals.

3 Mr Su Ah Tee (“Su”), a businessman, paid $900,000 for the Shophouse, which
was located at Block 63 Kallang Bahru #01-423 Singapore 330063. The seller of
the Shophouse was Mr William Cheng (“Cheng”). Su’s conveyancing solicitor was
Mr Allister Lim (“Lim”) of M/s Allister Lim & Thrumurgan (“ALT”). Lim
qualified as a solicitor in 1999 and has practised conveyancing law since
2004. He had acted for Su from time to time from December 2010 in the purchase
of some other shophouses. Su’s property agent, Ng Sing (“Ng”) and Cheng’s
property agent, Mr Sam Oh Seng Lee (“Sam”) jointly brokered the sale.

4 After the sale of the Shophouse was completed, Su realised that the
Shophouse had a remaining lease of just 17 years. He, his wife and their son
(“the Plaintiffs”) filed a professional negligence suit (“the Main Action”)
against Lim and ALT (“the Defendants”) in the High Court. The Defendants then
brought third party proceedings against Cheng, Ng and Ng’s alleged employer
SGR Property Pte Ltd (“SGR Property”) (collectively “the Third Parties”),
seeking a contribution of damages payable under s 15(1) of the Civil Law Act
(Cap 43, 1999 Rev Ed) (“CLA”), which reads:

**Entitlement to contribution**

**15.** —(1) … [A]ny person liable in respect of any damage suffered by
another person may recover contribution from any other person liable in
respect of the same damage (whether jointly with him or otherwise).

5 The Judge entered judgment in default against SGR Property for failing to
enter appearance (the Judgment at [225]–[227]). She also ruled against the
Defendants, Cheng and Ng (the Judgment at [115]–[116], [194]–[195] and
[220]–[223]).

6 The Judge found that Cheng made a fraudulent misrepresentation to both Sam
and Ng that the Shophouse had a remaining lease of 62 years, who then repeated
this misrepresentation to Su. At trial, Cheng argued that he did not make any
misrepresentation, and that he in fact handed Ng an option to purchase that
stated that the Shophouse had a remaining lease of 17 years. The Judge found
that this option to purchase was in fact a forgery and accordingly rejected
this argument (the Judgment at [43]–[46] and [192]–[196]). Ng was also found
liable for negligent misrepresentation (the Judgment at [220]–[223]).

7 The Judge also held the Defendants liable for negligence in failing to
inform Su that the Shophouse had a remaining lease of only 17 years (the
Judgment at [69(f)], [91]–[100]). Lim did two title searches on the Shophouse,
which showed that the Shophouse had a remaining lease of only 17 years (the
Judgment at [69(f)] and [92]–[93]). But he did not give Su either of these
title searches (the Judgment at [93]). The Judge also found that Su never
informed the Defendants that he had been told by the vendor through Ng and Sam
that he was purchasing a shophouse with 62 years remaining on its lease (the
Judgment at [69(d)]). Even so, the Judge held that in property transactions,
the duration of the term of the lease was of such vital importance that
conveyancing solicitors were expected to keep their clients informed of such
information as the number of years left on the lease (the Judgment at
[98]–[100]).

8 Having found the Defendants as well as the Third Parties variously liable,
the Judge proceeded to apportion liability between them. She ordered Cheng to
bear 50% of the overall liability for damages, the Defendants to bear 45%, and
Ng to bear the remaining 5% (the Judgment at [233]). She also ordered full
costs in the Main Action in the Plaintiffs’ favour (the Judgment at [234]) and
full costs in the third party proceedings in the Defendants’ favour (the
Judgment at [235]–[236]).

9 Dissatisfied, both Cheng and the Defendants appealed. Cheng filed Civil
Appeal No 148 of 2014 on 8 September 2014 (“CA 148/2014”). The Defendants
filed Civil Appeal No 152 of 2014 on 10 September 2014 (“CA 152/2014”).

Arguments on appeal

10 On appeal, both Cheng and the Defendants argue that they are not liable
and, in any event, that the respective proportions of the damages awarded
against them are excessive. In CA 152/2014, the Defendants also take issue
with the order on costs. The Defendants say that they should not be made to
bear the Plaintiffs’ costs in the Main Action on their own as they had
succeeded in the third party proceedings; the Third Parties ought therefore to
contribute towards these costs. The Defendants also say that the Judge should
have ordered SGR Property to indemnify the Defendants at least in relation to
Ng’s portion of damages payable on the basis that SGR Property is Ng’s
employer.

11 Ng appeared in person. He accepts the Judge’s finding that he is liable for
negligent misrepresentation, but wishes to pay no more than 5% of the damages.
SGR Property did not appear in the appeal and has not applied to set aside the
judgment in default that was entered against it.

Our decision

Overview

12 We do not accept the arguments made by Cheng and the Defendants that they
are not liable for fraudulent misrepresentation and negligence respectively.
In our judgment, the Judge rightly held them liable and we generally agree
with the detailed reasons she gave in the Judgment, in which she painstakingly
analysed the evidence and the law. We agree with much of what she said and, to
that extent, we do not repeat the basis or the reasons set out in the
Judgment. However, we respectfully disagree with three aspects of her
decision:

(a) First, the Judge made no finding of contributory negligence on Su’s part.
In our judgment, such a finding should have been made having regard to the
evidence, the facts that were found, and the pleadings. Su’s case was that a
fraudulent representation – that the Shophouse had a remaining lease of 62
years – was made to him and he then acted upon it. An essential element of
such a case is reliance – that the representee had taken a certain course of
action _because_ the representation had been made to him and he believed it to
be true. However, the Judge eventually found that Su had never informed either
Lim or ALT of the fact of this representation that he said he had (and indeed
was found to have) relied on. Given these three factors – the legal
significance of the element of reliance in an action for misrepresentation and
the two factual aspects, namely, Su’s awareness of the importance of the
representation, as well as his failure to inform the Defendants about it – we
find he should be held contributorily negligent;

(b) Second, we consider that the Judge’s apportionment of liability between
Cheng, the Defendants, and Ng should be adjusted to reflect the greater degree
of culpability on Cheng’s part in making a _fraudulent_ misrepresentation; and

(c) Third, we have also found it necessary to revise aspects of the Judge’s
order on costs.

In this judgment, we confine ourselves to these points.

Contributory negligence

General principles

13 Contributory negligence is a partial defence that reduces the quantum of
damages payable to plaintiffs if they fail to safeguard their own interests
(_Froom v Butcher_ [1976] QB 286 at 291, approved in _Parno v SC Marine Pte
Ltd_ [1999] 3 SLR(R) 377 (“ _Parno_ ”) at [59]; _Astley v Austrust Ltd_ (1999)
197 CLR 1 at [30], approved in _PlanAssure PAC (formerly known as Patrick Lee
PAC) v Gaelic Inns Pte Ltd_ [2007] 4 SLR 513 at [119]). It is regarded as a
salutary power to register disapproval of the plaintiffs’ conduct by a
reduction of damages (Glanville Williams, _Joint Torts and Contributory
Negligence_ (Stevens & Sons Ltd, 1951) (“ _Joint Torts and Contributory
Negligence_ ”) at p 353). It used to be the case at common law that
contributory negligence operated as a complete defence against a claim in
damages, _ie_ if the damage suffered by the plaintiffs was partly due to the
plaintiffs’ failure to take reasonable care, the plaintiffs could not recover
any damages at all from the defendant (_Butterfield v Forrester_ (1809) 11
East 60, _per_ Ellenborough CJ; _Davies v Mann_ (1842) 10 M & W 546). This is
no longer so following statutory intervention – England passed the Law Reform
(Contributory Negligence) Act 1945 (c 28) and Singapore followed suit by
enacting the Contributory Negligence and Personal Injuries Act (Cap 54, 2002
Rev Ed) (“Contributory Negligence Act”). The relevant provision in the
Contributory Negligence Act is s 3, which reads:

**Apportionment of liability in case of contributory negligence**

**3.** —(1) Where any person suffers damage as the result partly of his own
fault and partly of the fault of any other person or persons, a claim in
respect of that damage shall not be defeated by reason of the fault of the
person suffering the damage, but the damages recoverable in respect thereof
shall be reduced to such extent as the court thinks just and equitable having
regard to the claimant’s share in the responsibility for the damage.

(2) Subsection (1) shall not operate to defeat any defence arising under a
contract.

(3) Where any contract or written law providing for the limitation of
liability is applicable to the claim, the amount of damages recoverable by the
claimant under subsection (1) shall not exceed the maximum limit so
applicable.

…

14 As is apparent from s 3(1), both the fault of the claimant and the fault of
the defendant are relevant. The term “fault” is defined under s 2 of the
Contributory Negligence Act as follows:

“fault” means negligence, breach of statutory duty or other act or omission
which gives rise to a liability in tort or would, apart from this Act, give
rise to the defence of contributory negligence.

15 It is clear from this that the definition of “fault” is a broad one, and
that it is not just an “act” that is caught; an omission also would fall
within the ambit of “fault”.

16 The defence of contributory negligence must be specifically pleaded under
Order 18 r 8 of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2014 Rev Ed). As with
virtually all pleading requirements, the underlying purpose of this
requirement is to ensure that the other side is not taken by surprise
(_Rajendran a/l Palany v Dril-Quip Asia Pacific Pte Ltd_ [2001] 1 SLR(R) 887
at [17]–[19], approving _Fookes v Slaytor_ [1979] 1 All ER 137).

Can a failure on a client’s part to inform his solicitor of information amount
to contributory negligence?

17 In our judgment, a client _can_ be held contributorily negligent for
omitting to inform his solicitor of material information and that such an
omission can fall within the ambit of “fault” under the Contributory
Negligence Act.

18 We recognise that a solicitor is under a duty to elicit information from a
client before acting and that there are concerns that a finding of
contributory negligence may derogate from this duty on the part of solicitor
(Richard Scott Novak, “Attorney Malpractice: Restricting the Availability of
the Client Contributory Negligence Defense” (1979) 59 BULR 950). Indeed, there
are authorities which suggest that courts should be slow in finding
contributory negligence on the part of a solicitor’s client. One such
authority is Rimer J’s pronouncement in _Football League Ltd v Edge Ellison_
[2006] EWHC 1462 (at [330]):

It is only in rare cases that a solicitor is able to advance a plea of
contributory negligence with any real prospect of success, and for obvious
reasons. This is because his breach of duty will usually be in relation to a
matter within his special expertise as a solicitor, being a duty which is not
usually one relating to a purely commercial matter of judgment falling
squarely within the client’s own competence. It will usually relate to a
matter upon which the client is depending upon the solicitors’ own special
expertise.

19 Similarly, the Hong Kong Court of Appeal in _Hondon Development Ltd and
another v Powerise Investments Ltd and another_ [2005] 3 HKLR 605 (“ _Hondon_
”) at [36] held:

As a solicitor is remunerated for his services and it is his duty to advise
his lay client and protect his interest, public policy requires that such a
professional’s claim of contributory negligence by the client may only be
successfully raised in very limited circumstances …

20 It is not difficult to appreciate why this is the case. As the authors of
_Jackson & Powell on Professional Liability_ (Sweet & Maxwell, 7th Ed, 2012)
(“ _Jackson & Powell_”) state at para 5-146:

In the context of professional negligence a successful plea of contributory
negligence by the defendant is less common than in other areas of negligence.
This is because the parties often do not stand on an equal footing (as they do
in, say, claims arising from road traffic accidents). If the defendant makes a
mistake, it may be difficult to say that the client was negligent not to spot
it or correct its effect, unless the client is expected to be wiser than his
own professional advisers.

21 But there are exceptions to this general observation. _Jackson & Powell_
goes on to note this in the next paragraph (para 5-147):

There are, of course, exceptions to the very general statements made in the
previous paragraph. First, the claimant may be particularly well placed to
spot or correct the defendant’s mistake. Secondly, the claimant may do
something quite separate which aggravates the consequences of the defendant’s
breach of duty. … [Thirdly,] [w]here a relevant fact is not communicated by
the client to his professional advisers, the question commonly arises whether
the client was negligent to withhold it or the defendant was negligent not to
elicit it. If the client is an experienced businessman, the court is more
likely to treat his omission as amounting at least to contributory negligence.

22 This categorisation of the exceptions to the general rule may be useful for
analytical purposes but we do not regard it as necessarily exhaustive. The
court in _Hondon_ cited the first two exceptions (citing an earlier edition of
_Jackson & Powell_) with approval (at [36]). The first category of cases
includes claims made by mortgage lenders (such as banks) against solicitors
for the latter’s failure to draw the lender’s attention to particular problems
such as the creditworthiness of the borrower, which, had it been brought to
the lender’s knowledge, would have caused the lender to withdraw the mortgage
offer or reduce the amount of the advance (see _eg_ : _Birmingham Midshires
Mortgage Services Ltd v David Parry & Co_ [1998] PNLR 249; _Omega Trust Co Ltd
and another v Wright Son & Pepper and another (No 2)_ [1998] PNLR 337).
Lenders are particularly well-placed to spot these problems as they have the
resources and means for this (Hugh Evans, _Lawyer’s Liabilities_ (Sweet &
Maxwell, 2nd Ed, 2002) at para 8-04) and indeed the motivation to do so since
this goes to the core of their own business decision. _Jackson & Powell_
states that _Crossman v Stewart_ (1977) 5 CCLT 45 (“ _Crossman_ ”) is an
example of the second category. In _Crossman_ , a patient was held liable in
contributory negligence for taking larger doses of a negligently prescribed
drug. As the present case does not fall within the first two categories, we
say no more about them.

23 As to the third category, we agree with _Jackson & Powell_ that a client
can _in principle_ be held liable for failing to communicate information to a
professional. In our judgment, a client who omits to reveal information that
the solicitor would be expected to need in order to properly carry out that
which is within his special expertise, can be said to have failed to take
steps to protect himself. If a client neglects to inform his solicitor of such
information, the solicitor might not fully appreciate the client’s concerns
and interests and might not therefore be sufficiently alive to the risk of
harm to the client. There are three cases that illustrate this:

(a) First, in _Carradine Properties Ltd v D J Freeman & Co_ (1989) 5 Const LJ
267, the claimant’s managing director, an experienced property developer,
hired a demolition contractor to demolish the upper floors of a freehold
property. In the process of the demolition, the contractors damaged the ground
floor of the property, which was owned by a third party. As a result, the
claimant was liable in damages to the third party. The claimant instructed its
solicitors to sue the contractor, but the contractor turned out to be
worthless. The claimant then brought a claim under its insurance policy but
was refused cover because it had made the claim too late. The claimant
subsequently commenced proceedings against its solicitors. It alleged that its
solicitors failed to safeguard its interests as they did not remind it to make
a claim under its insurance policy. It asserted that this resulted in its
claim being impermissibly late. The claimant was not awarded any damages and
its claim failed in its entirety. The court held that the solicitors were not
to blame as the claimant had not informed them that it had an insurance policy
to begin with.

(b) Second, in _Fong Maun Yee and another v Yoong Weng Ho Robert_ [1997] 1
SLR(R) 751 (“ _Fong Maun Yee_ ”), a decision of this court, a businessman
wishing to purchase property from a company gave his property agent a deposit.
The agent later absconded with the money, and it turned out that the owner of
the property in question (the company) never had any intention to sell the
property. The businessman’s solicitor was given a copy of the option to
purchase purportedly signed by the managing director of the company and a
company resolution stating that the board approved the sale. These documents
turned out to be forgeries. The solicitor was held liable in negligence for
failing to confirm the position with the company directly. He had only carried
out a company search to confirm that the persons who had purportedly signed
the resolution and the option were named as the company’s directors.
Nonetheless, the court held that the businessman client was contributorily
negligent for having failed to tell his solicitor that he suspected that
something was amiss. The businessman admitted that he thought that things were
not right because of the notably low price at which the purported seller was
prepared to sell the property. The court held that had the businessman told
the solicitor that he (the businessman) suspected that matters were amiss, the
solicitor would have been put on guard, and would hence have been able to
better protect his client’s interests.

(c) Third, in _Edwards v Lee_ [1991] 141 NLJ 1517 (“ _Edwards_ ”), the sellers
of an expensive car were approached by a rogue who offered to buy it. A third
party later telephoned the sellers saying that the rogue had tried to sell him
their car at a large discount. At this point, the sellers telephoned the
rogue’s solicitors for a reference but omitted to tell them of the call that
had been made to them. The rogue’s solicitors provided a clean reference even
though they knew that their client was on bail and faced 13 charges for fraud.
The solicitors were found liable in negligence but the claimants’ damages were
reduced by 50% because of their failure to mention the telephone conversation
that would have alerted them (the solicitors) that the sellers were
_themselves_ about to become victims of a fraud.

24 Advice by solicitors will generally only be as good as the facts on which
it is based (John Murdoch, “Client negligence: A lost cause” (2004) 20(2) PN
97 at p 100). Indeed, the courts have also recognised that there is a
reciprocal duty on the part of a client to communicate relevant information to
his solicitor. Richardson J in the decision of the New Zealand Court of Appeal
in _Mouat v Clark Boyce_ [1992] 2 NZLR 559 (reversed on appeal to the Privy
Council on an unrelated point) said at 572:

In conducting business affairs, as in other areas of life, _failure to provide
adequate information_ to the professional adviser and inflexibility in
responding to advice received _may be one of the causes of the damage_.
[emphasis added]

25 A client must also be candid and disclose information notwithstanding that
this may be detrimental to the possibility of a successful claim. In _Dawe v
Brown_ (1995) 130 Nfld & PEIR 281 (“ _Dawe_ ”), the Newfoundland Supreme Court
found that a client had not been candid with his solicitor in disclosing
information that was detrimental to the possibility of a successful claim.
There, a seller sold fish to a buyer but did not receive full payment. The
seller retained a solicitor to recover the monies to which he thought he was
entitled. However, the seller failed to mention to the solicitor that some of
the fish sold to the buyer was not fresh and the buyer had withheld full
payment because of this. Schwartz J made the following observations at [45]:

A problem is not simply left at the hands of a lawyer with the sole
expectation of a satisfactory resolution. It is incumbent on the client to
explain the problem fully, provide all facts pertaining to the matter
_including anything which might be detrimental to the possibility of a
successful claim_ , and to give the lawyer instructions on proceeding after
being fully advised. It is only then that a solicitor can act properly on
behalf of the client. [emphasis added]

26 To ensure that a solicitor’s duty to elicit information from his client
before acting is not derogated from, the quantum of reduction in damages
payable should generally be modest to reflect a solicitor’s primary
responsibility in safeguarding his client’s interest. _Fong Maun Yee_ provides
a useful illustration. There, although we reduced damages payable by the
solicitor to the claimant, the reduction was a modest one of 25%. This was
because the solicitor must assume the primary responsibility as a professional
(at [63], approving _Banque Bruxelles Lambert SA v Eagle Star Insurance Co
Ltd_ [1995] 2 All ER 769).

Application of law to the present case

27 In the present case, as we have noted above, an essential element of Su’s
case is that he in fact acted on the misrepresentation. At trial, Su
strenuously asserted that he had conveyed the fact of the representation to
ALT but the Judge did not accept this. Before us, faced with this finding,
Su’s counsel, Mr Thomas Lei, contended that Su had not mentioned the
representation at all because he was not placed on inquiry as the information
that was conveyed to him was routine and consistent with what he knew about
the leasehold durations of properties in the vicinity. Indeed, the Judge noted
at [26] of the Judgment that the Shophouse was the only lot in that location
with a 30-year leasehold. The neighbouring shophouses had 78-year leaseholds.
In these circumstances, Mr Lei suggested that it would be wrong to hold that
Su was at “fault” in not informing ALT or Lim of the impression he had or of
the representation that had been made to him.

28 In our judgment, it was not open to Mr Lei to make this argument. This is
for two reasons. First, to stretch this argument too far would risk running
afoul of Su’s basic position that he was the victim of a fraudulent
misrepresentation, which was a finding of fact made by the Judge. If the
representation was such a routine piece of information, then did he even rely
on it? Second, it was also inconsistent with the affirmative position he had
taken in the trial where, as we have already noted, his evidence was that he
had told ALT of this fact. The point ultimately is that the representation was
a significant piece of information as far as Su was concerned and he had
relied on it in entering into the sale. In these circumstances, we are unable
to see how Su can avoid all responsibility for having failed to convey this to
his solicitors.

29 This point was first raised by the Plaintiffs in para 6 of their Statement
of Claim (Amendment No 1) (“SOC”), which reads:

On or about 23.3.2001, [Su] instructed and retained the [Defendants] to
conduct the legal conveyance of the property at 63 Kallang Bahru #01-423 which
he told them had a remaining 60 plus years’ leasehold from the HDB, to be
conveyed to the names of [Su’s son] and [Su’s wife] as [Su’s] nominees. …

30 This was categorically denied by the Defendants. At paras 7 and 16 of their
Defence (Amendment No 1), the Defendants averred that Su did not tell them or
instruct them to check that the Shophouse had a remaining lease of “more than
60 years”; he only gave instructions to “proceed” with the purchase of the
Shophouse. The Defendants repeated this averment at para 42 of their opening
statement. The Plaintiffs were clearly aware that this was part of the defence
mounted, as evinced by para 33(2) of their opening statement where they
stated:

33\. The defences that can be gleaned from the pleadings in brief are:

…

(2) … Su did not expressly request or instruct the Defendants to ensure that
the property has a leasehold of more than 60 years …

…

31 Moreover, the Defendants squarely raised Su’s failure to mention his
expectation that the remaining leasehold of the property was 62 years as
contributory negligence in their closing submissions. The Plaintiffs were not
caught off guard by this. In fact, they had fought strenuously at trial to
convince the Judge that Su did in fact inform the Defendants that the
Shophouse had a remaining lease of 62 years (the Judgment at [14] and
[58]–[62]). The Judge concluded that Su did not (the Judgment at [59]). Given
this finding, the remaining issue was whether Su _ought_ to have informed his
solicitors. This is a point of law.

32 In our judgment, Su’s failure in these circumstances does come within the
ambit of “fault” in s 2 of the Contributory Negligence Act. It is an
“omission” and, as we have stated above, a client can be held liable in
contributory negligence for failing to communicate information to his
solicitor. To some degree, Su was an author of his own misfortune in failing
to communicate a piece of information _that he appreciated was important_ ,
namely, his belief that the Shophouse had a remaining leasehold of 62 years.
The damages payable to Su should therefore be reduced to take into account
such contributory negligence on his part.

33 In the circumstances, we reduce the damages by 15% which, in our judgment,
is a just and equitable reduction having regard to Su’s responsibility for his
loss pursuant to s 3(1) of the Contributory Negligence Act. This reduction is
less than the 25% applied in _Fong Maun Yee_ because, unlike the position in
_Fong Maun Yee_ , it does not appear that Su suspected that Cheng was acting
fraudulently. Where a client’s suspicions have been aroused in a material way
and he nonetheless fails to mention the relevant facts and circumstances to
his solicitor then it would generally warrant a larger reduction in the
damages recoverable.

Apportionment of liability

34 We also consider that the Judge ought to have ordered Cheng to pay more
than 50% of the damages to reflect his culpability in having made a fraudulent
misrepresentation. In deciding the contribution that should be made by each
third party under s 15 of the CLA, the court must have regard to the extent of
the third party’s responsibility for the damage. This is made clear by s 16(1)
of the CLA, which reads:

**Assessment of contribution**

**16.** —(1) Subject to subsection (3), in any proceedings for contribution
under section 15, the amount of the contribution recoverable from any person
shall be such as may be found by the court to be just and equitable having
regard to the extent of that person’s responsibility for the damage in
question.

35 Counsel for Cheng, Mr Melvin Chan, argues that the Judge placed undue
weight on Cheng’s moral blameworthiness and that insufficient attention was
given to the actual wording of s 16(1) of the CLA. In this regard, Mr Chan
relies especially on two cases, _Downs and another v Chappell and another_
[1997] 1 WLR 426 (“ _Down_ s”) and _Collins v Hertfordshire County Council and
another_ [1947] 1 KB 598 (“ _Collins_ ”).

36 In _Downs_ , the claimants sued the seller of a property for fraudulent
misrepresentation and the seller’s accountant for negligent misrepresentation.
The seller misrepresented the value of the property by inflating its worth and
the seller’s accountant repeated that misrepresentation in a letter addressed
to the claimants. The English Court of Appeal found in favour of the claimants
but apportioned damages equally between the defendants.

37 In _Collin_ s, Hilbery J followed his earlier decision in _Smith v Bray
(Wickham, third party)_ (1939) 56 TLR 200 (“ _Smith_ ”) in holding the
following in relation to s 6(2) of UK’s Law Reform (Married Women and
Tortfeasors) Act 1935 (c 30) (“Law Reform (Married Women and Tortfeasors) Act
1935”), a provision that is worded similarly to s 16(1) of the CLA and
apportioning liability equally between the defendants (at 624):

If the wording of that sub-section had stopped at the word “equitable” and the
semi-colon had occurred there, I should have thought that what was plainly
intended was that the court was to have the fullest discretion and to
distribute the contribution to the damages between persons whose several acts
had brought about the damage according to what the court thought were their
degrees of culpability. But the sub-section does not stop at the words “just
and equitable” but continues with the governing words “having regard to the
extent of that person's responsibility for the damage.” … The words “having
regard to the extent of that person's responsibility for the damage,”
certainly seem to indicate that the extent of the responsibility for the
damage is to be the guiding principle of the assessment. _It is difficult to
conceive how anything other than causal acts resulting in the damage can show
the extent of a person’s responsibility for the damage._ [emphasis added]

38 With respect, we are unable to accept Mr Chan’s submission. First, _Downs_
does not stand for the _general_ proposition that the court should not take
into account moral blameworthiness. On the contrary, Hobhouse LJ (as he then
was) (with whom Roch and Butler-Sloss LJJ agreed) in _Downs_ held that both
moral blameworthiness and causative responsibility are important
considerations in deciding a just and equitable apportionment of damages (at
445) as follows:

The extent of a person’s responsibility involves both the degree of his fault
and the degree to which it contributed to the damage in question. It is just
and equitable to take into account both the seriousness of the respective
parties’ faults and their causative relevance. …

39 In our judgment, the court in _Downs_ could well have held the seller
responsible for a higher percentage of the damages as he had misrepresented
the position _fraudulently_ and we respectfully disagree with Hobhouse LJ’s
reasons in apportioning liability equally between the fraudulent seller and
the negligent accountant. Hobhouse LJ held that even though a fraudulent party
should be made to bear a greater proportion of the damages to take into
account his moral blameworthiness in the normal case, the facts of _Downs_
warranted a different treatment. On the facts of _Downs_ , the claimants
relied on the accountants’ letter _instead_ of the fraudulent
misrepresentation made by the seller in deciding to purchase the property. On
this basis, Hobhouse LJ held that the accountants’ letter had a greater
“causative impact” than the fraudulent misrepresentation made by the seller in
inducing the claimants to purchase the property. Therefore, both the seller
and the accountant bore equal overall responsibility for the claimants’ loss
(at 445). We respectfully disagree with this reasoning because it seems to us
to be artificial to say that the buyer in _Downs_ did not rely on the seller’s
fraudulent misrepresentation when the accountant’s letter repeated that _same_
misrepresentation.

40 Similarly, the view expressed in the passage from _Collins_ that we have
extracted above is too restrictive a reading of the equivalent provision in
the UK of s 16(1) of the CLA as it places too much emphasis on a person’s
causative responsibility and neglects the need for the court to apportion
liability in a “just and equitable” manner.

41 Indeed, _Smith_ , the decision relied on in _Collins_ , and _Collins_
itself, have both been subject to trenchant criticism. For ease of reference,
we refer to the approach taken in _Smith_ and _Collins_ as the “causative
test”.

42 J P Lawton in his article “Vicarious Liability of Hospital Authorities”
(1947) 10(4) Mod LR 425 at pp 427–428 argues that the causative test gives the
equivalent provision in the UK of s 16(1) of the CLA a “strained and
impracticable” interpretation, and if Parliament had intended the provision to
be read restrictively, it would have used a more neutral phrase such as “the
extent to which the person _caused_ the damage”.

43 Similarly, both Professor Glanville Williams in “The Law Reform
(Contributory Negligence) Act 1945” (1946) 9(2) Mod LR 105 at pp 131–132 and
Stephen Chapman in “Apportionment of liability between tortfeasors” (1948) 64
LQR 26 at pp 27–28 have argued that the causative test is too restrictive and
may cause injustice. Williams and Chapman argue that the causative test – in
focusing _only_ on causation in apportioning liability – is very likely to
result in an equal apportionment of damages among parties without having
regard to the parties’ respective degrees of blame in many cases, especially
those involving successive tortfeasors, because it will often be impossible in
such cases to say that one was more the cause of the damage than the other.
Each tortfeasor’s causal responsibility will commonly be the same because each
of their acts/omissions will be equally important forming one part of a
continuous causal link resulting in the eventual loss. Williams and Chapman
further argue that this cannot have been the intended result given that the
statute does not direct the courts to apportion damages equally among
defendants, but rather affords a wide discretion in deciding a just and
equitable apportionment of damages.

44 _Collins_ in fact illustrates the potential for injustice. There, a final
year surgical student was asked by her supervisor (a fully qualified surgeon)
to prepare anaesthesia for a surgery. Instead of mixing procaine with
adrenalin, she mixed cocaine with adrenalin. The anaesthesia was administered
by the surgeon, and the patient died as a result. The widow of the patient
sued, and an issue of apportionment of liability between the surgeon and
student arose. Hilbery J rejected an argument made by counsel for the student
that the surgeon, who failed to supervise her, was more blameworthy, holding
that the wording of s 6(1) of the Law Reform (Married Women and Tortfeasors)
Act 1935 directed him to apply the causative test alone.

45 As mentioned above, we disagree with the approach in _Collins_. In
determining each party’s contribution, both causative responsibility and
blameworthiness have to be considered (see _eg_ : _Randolph v Tuck_ [1962] 1
QB 175 at 185; _Acrecrest Ltd v Hattrell & Partners_ (1982) 252 EG 1107 at
1113; _Madden v Quirke_ [1989] 1 WLR 702). In this regard, we approve of the
following passage in para 4-018 of _Jackson & Powell_, which provides:

The court should have regard to both the culpability of the various parties
and to the extent to which each party’s conduct “caused” the damage in
question. … _The “just and equitable” criterion is wide enough to enable the
apportionment take account of blameworthiness_ as well as causative potency,
and even, to an extent, of non-causative matters. However, the main factor to
consider is each party’s responsibility for the damage. [emphasis added]

46 The term “blameworthiness” is broad and it gives the court the flexibility
to take into account a wide range of conduct to arrive at a just and equitable
result in a myriad of situations (G H L Fridman, _Torts_ (Waterlow Publishers,
1st Ed, 1990) at para 13-40). This inevitably necessitates a value judgment
and, as rightly pointed out by the Judge, there are cases which demonstrate
that the courts will take fraud and dishonesty into account (_Nationwide
Building Society v Dunlop Haywards Ltd_ [2010] 1 WLR 258 (“ _Nationwide
Building Society_ ”) and _Clydesdale Bank Plc v Workman_ [2014] PNLR 18 (“
_Clydesdale Bank_ ”), both discussed in the Judgment at [230]).

47 In passing, we note that it is a well-established principle in contributory
negligence that blameworthiness is a relevant consideration in the reduction
of damages (_Stapley v Gypsum Mines Ltd_ [1953] AC 663 at 682, _per_ Lord Reid
and _Davies v Swan Motor Co (Swansea) Ltd_ [1949] 2 KB 291 at 326, _per_
Denning LJ, both approved in _Parno_ (see above at [13])). We see no reason
why blameworthiness should not be a relevant consideration under s 16 of the
CLA as well when it is accepted as a relevant consideration in contributory
negligence. Indeed, s 16 of the CLA and s 3 of the Contributory Negligence Act
are conceptually similar in that both direct the court to _apportion_ damages
between parties having regard to their responsibility to reach a just and
equitable result. Of course, the two are concerned with different things. In
contributory negligence, damages are apportioned between claimant and
defendant having regard to the fault of the claimant, whereas under s 16 of
the CLA, the apportionment is between the defendant and third parties having
regard to their respective responsibility for the damage in question (Douglas
Payne, “Reduction of Damages for Contributory Negligence” (1955) 18 Mod LR 344
at p 346; Spike Charlwood, “Contribution and professionals: an overview of the
1978 Act, alternatives to it, and its relationship with contributory
negligence” (2007) 23(2) PN 82 at p 83). A court should therefore first
determine the extent of the reduction in the damages to be awarded to the
claimant by reference to the claimant’s contributory fault and then apportion
the liability that is found among the defendant(s) and third parties (see
_Fitzgerald v Lane and another_ [1989] AC 328 at 339). We adopt that approach
here.

48 In our judgment, the Judge ought to have ordered Cheng to bear a larger
share of the damages. We are conscious of the need to give due deference to
the Judge’s exercise of discretion in apportioning liability. As we recently
said in _Goh Sin Huat Electrical Pte Ltd v Ho See Jui (trading as Xuanhua Art
Gallery) and another_ [2012] 3 SLR 1038, an appellate court should be slow to
intervene in a trial judge’s decision in apportioning liability, particularly
where “the apportionment decision of the trial judge was supported by cogent
reasons alluding to the interaction of the respective parties’ individual
culpability in a myriad of identified causes from which the damages flowed”
(at [54]). It is clear from the Judgment that the Judge did apply her mind to
Cheng’s, the Defendants’ and Ng’s culpability in apportioning liability (the
Judgment at [228]–[233]). But an appellate court is permitted to interfere
with a trial judge’s decision in apportioning liability if the trial judge
erred in principle (_Capps v Miller_ [1989] 2 All ER 333; _Holland Hannen and
Cubitts (Northern) Ltd v Welsh Health Technical Services Organisation_ (1985)
35 BLR 1 at 18, _per_ Lawton LJ). We are satisfied that the Judge, with
respect, erred in principle here in apportioning liability equally between
Cheng (who acted fraudulently) on the one hand, and the Defendants and Ng (who
acted negligently) on the other hand.

49 In this regard, we have considered the following two cases which
demonstrate that fraudulent parties should generally be made to bear more than
an equal share of the damages payable, both of which were mentioned in the
Judgment, though the Judge did not appear to pay heed to the percentage of
damages the fraudulent parties in those cases were made to bear (the Judgment
at [230]):

(a) In _Nationwide Building Society_ (see above at [46]), the property was
overvalued by a fraudulent employee of the valuer. The plaintiff made two
advances to a company based on the valuation. The company later defaulted. The
plaintiff sued the valuer as well as the negligent solicitors who handled the
advances. The solicitors later brought a claim for contribution against the
valuer. Christopher Clarke J decided that it would be just and equitable to
apportion liability 80:20 to the valuer, since “the moral blameworthiness of
[the valuer] and the causative potency of the fraud of its [employee]” were
very much greater than that of the solicitors, whose “failing was not to pick
up on the fraudulent scheme rather than to play any part in it” (at [77]).

(b) Similarly in _Clydesdale Bank_ (see above at [46]), Mr Mark Pelling QC
(sitting as a Deputy Judge of the English High Court) concluded that
dishonesty was a relevant consideration in deciding a “just and equitable”
apportionment. He therefore ordered that the dishonest party bear 65% of the
damages, and the negligent party, the remaining 35% (at [97]–[99]).

50 In our judgment, Cheng should bear 65% of the overall liability for the
damages for which the Defendants are found responsible. His moral
blameworthiness and the causative potency of his fraud were very much greater
than those of the Defendants and Ng, whose failing was in not picking up on
Cheng’s fraud, rather than playing any part in perpetrating it.

51 As between the Defendants and Ng, we are satisfied that the Defendants
should bear the bulk of the remaining damages payable and will therefore not
increase the proportion of damages payable by Ng. Lim is a solicitor of close
to 16 years’ standing, and has practised conveyancing law for a considerable
time. Yet, he fell well below the mark in discharging his duties owed to the
Plaintiffs. We do not propose to repeat the multiple breaches of duty on his
part as these have been dealt with by the Judge (the Judgment at [106]–[115]).
However, we do wish to reiterate that the remaining leasehold on any property
is a highly important piece of information to purchasers in conveyancing
transactions; conveyancing solicitors are expected to keep their clients
apprised of such information even if not specifically asked. Furthermore, in
our judgment, when a solicitor is asked to represent the purchaser in the sale
and purchase of a property, there will be a duty in general to take proper
instructions as to what the purchaser’s understanding of the deal that he
wishes to enter into is. Had the question been asked by Lim or ALT in this
case, and had Su omitted to mention the representation in the light of such a
question, a different result might well have ensued. However, those are not
the facts before us.

52 We therefore apportion liability in the following manner: Cheng (65%), the
Defendants (30%) and Ng (5%). These ratios should apply in relation to the 85%
liability that we have found having regard to Su’s contributory negligence.
The Judge valued Su’s loss in the sum of $308,436 (the Judgment at [154]). 85%
of that sum amounts to $262,170.60, which is what Su and his family are
entitled to. The sum of $262,170.60 shall be borne by the Defendants and the
Third Parties in the following manner: Cheng ($179,410.89), the Defendants
($78,651.18) and Ng ($13,108.53).

53 We decline to order SGR Property to indemnify the Defendants in relation to
Ng’s portion of damages payable. The Judge found at [226] of the Judgment that
there was insufficient evidence to prove that SGR Property is Ng’s employer
and we are not minded to interfere with this.

Costs

54 In the light of the forgoing, we turn finally to the question of costs. We
deal with the costs of the matter below and the costs of these appeals in
turn.

Costs of the matter below

55 There are two aspects to the costs of the matter below. The first pertains
to the Main Action. The Judge ordered that the Defendants should pay the
Plaintiffs’ costs of the Main Action without any contribution from the Third
Parties. The Defendants take issue with this and contend that the Third
Parties ought to contribute to the Defendants for a share of the costs payable
by them to the Plaintiffs. We accept the Defendants’ contention and order that
the Third Parties should contribute in the proportions in which we have
apportioned the overall liability. Hence, Cheng should contribute towards 65%
of the Plaintiffs’ costs for which the Defendants are liable and Ng should
contribute towards 5% of such costs.

56 The second aspect pertains to the third party proceedings. The Judge
ordered that the Defendants’ costs are to be paid in the proportionate share
of the contribution by Cheng and Ng. We generally agree with this approach,
but given our finding on what the respective contribution by each of the Third
Parties should be, we order that the Defendants’ costs of the third party
proceedings are to be borne by the Third Parties on a standard basis in the
proportion of 90% by Cheng and 10% by Ng. For the avoidance of doubt, we do
not disturb the Judge’s finding in relation to costs for the counterclaim (the
Judgment at [236]).

57 Having dealt with the apportionment, we come now to quantum. The Defendants
argued the amount of costs they should be paying to the Plaintiffs for the
Main Action ought to be reduced for two reasons. First, they succeeded in
their contention that the Plaintiffs’ entitlement to damages should be reduced
on account of contributory negligence. Second, a large part of the trial below
was taken up with such issues as Su’s contention that he had conveyed the fact
of the representation to ALT, on which Su was ultimately unsuccessful. In our
judgment, the Defendants’ contentions are valid. Taking a broad view on costs,
we order that the Plaintiffs should only be entitled to two-thirds of their
costs for the Main Action on a standard basis.

Costs of the appeals

58 We turn finally to the costs of these appeals. In relation to CA 148/2014,
Cheng is to pay the Defendants’ costs.

59 In relation to CA 152/2014, the Defendants who brought the appeal have
succeeded in part against the Plaintiffs (who were the first three respondents
in the appeal) on the issue of contributory negligence. They have also
succeeded against Cheng on the question of apportionment of damages. However,
they have not succeeded against Ng who appeared in person. We accordingly hold
that the Defendants are entitled to 50% of their costs of the appeal, which
shall be borne in equal shares as between the Plaintiffs on the one hand and
Cheng on the other hand. These costs are to be taxed if not agreed.

Conclusion

60 We accordingly dismiss CA 148/2014 with the costs order noted above and
with the usual consequential orders. We allow CA 152/2014 in part similarly
with the costs order noted above and with the usual consequential orders.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 16 Mar 2015 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

