Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Quanta Industries Pte Ltd _v_ Strategic Construction Pte Ltd  
[2015] SGHC 2

Case Number| :| Originating Summons No 913 of 2014  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 06 January 2015  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Chan Seng Onn J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Daniel Koh Choon Guan and Poonaam Bai (Eldan Law LLP) for
the plaintiff; Loy Wee Sun (Loy & Company) for the defendant.  
Parties| :|  Quanta Industries Pte Ltd — Strategic Construction Pte Ltd  
  
6 January 2015|  
---|---  
  
Chan Seng Onn J:

Introduction

1 This was an application by the plaintiff to set aside the adjudication
determination dated 11 September 2014 (“the AD”) in SOP/AA 240 of 2014 under
the Building and Construction Industry Security of Payment Act (Cap 30B, 2006
Rev Ed) (“the SOPA”). An unusual feature of the case was that the defendant
did not deny that the adjudicator had acted outside his powers when he
determined that the plaintiff, who was the _claimant_ in the adjudication,
shall pay the defendant, who was the _respondent_ , a sum of $141,508.56.
Nevertheless, the defendant argued that the AD should not be set aside.

2 After hearing the arguments of the parties, I set aside the AD. The
defendant has appealed against my decision. I now give my reasons.

Background

3 The plaintiff was engaged as a sub-contractor by the defendant for a
project. On 7 July 2014, the plaintiff submitted a progress claim for the sum
of $561,693.14.[note: 1] On 25 July 2014, the defendant issued a payment
response for the amount of negative $155,891.63.[note: 2] As the defendant was
not making the payments that the plaintiff felt that it was entitled to, the
plaintiff lodged an Adjudication Application on 12 August 2014. The defendant
lodged the Adjudication Response on 20 August 2014.[note: 3]

4 On 11 September 2014, the adjudicator rendered the AD and made the following
determinations:

(a) The plaintiff shall pay the defendant the adjudicated sum of $141,508.56
(“the Sum”).[note: 4]

(b) The cost of the adjudication, being the adjudication application fee of
$642.00 and the adjudicator’s fee of $14,124.00, to be borne by the plaintiff
and the defendant in the proportion of 80:20 respectively.[note: 5]

(c) A simple interest of 1% shall run from 29 August 2014 at the rate of 1%
per annum on any part of the Sum which remains unpaid until the same is
paid.[note: 6]

5 On 12 September 2014, the plaintiff asked the defendant to consent to the
setting aside of the AD.[note: 7] On 16 September 2014, the defendant replied
in a letter (“the 16 Sep Letter”) to state that it will not ask the plaintiff
to make payment of the Sum, but added that it would also not consent to any
application by the plaintiff to set aside the AD.[note: 8] These
correspondences were made _via_ letters between the parties’ solicitors.

6 On 29 September 2014, the plaintiff filed the present originating summons to
set aside the AD.

7 The plaintiff and the defendant were in the midst of arbitration proceedings
when the adjudication application was lodged.[note: 9]

Whether the adjudicator had acted _ultra vires_

8 I begin by disposing of the first issue. It was clear that the adjudicator
had exceeded his jurisdiction in determining that the plaintiff (the sub-
contractor) had to pay the defendant (the main contractor) the Sum and that
interest was payable on any part of the Sum which remained unpaid.

9 Section 17 of the SOPA sets out the adjudicator’s powers in relation to
determining an adjudication application. In particular, s 17(2) of the SOPA
states:

(2) An adjudicator shall, in relation to an adjudication application,
determine —

(_a_) the adjudicated amount (if any) to be paid _by the respondent to the
claimant_ ;

(_b_) the date on which the adjudicated amount is payable;

(_c_) the interest payable on the adjudicated amount; and

(_d_) the proportion of the costs of the adjudication payable by each party to
the adjudication,

and shall include, in the determination, the reasons therefor.

[emphasis added]

10 Under s 17(2)(_a_), the adjudicator may determine the amount to be paid by
the _respondent_ to the _claimant_. The plaintiff was the claimant in the
adjudication while the defendant was the respondent. By determining that the
plaintiff should make payment to the defendant, the adjudicator had acted in
excess of the powers conferred upon him by the SOPA.

11 Quite rightly, the defendant’s solicitors did not dispute this. They
candidly admitted that the adjudicator fell into error in this respect. They
accepted that under the SOPA, the claimant either gets a nil amount or he gets
paid. The adjudicator has no power to determine that the plaintiff is to
_refund_ the defendant for the amount that the latter allegedly overpaid the
former.[note: 10] As stated in Chow Kok Fong, _Security of Payments and
Construction Adjudication_ (LexisNexis, 2nd Ed, 2013) at para 16.63:

… upon the construction of section 17(2) of the Singapore SOP Act, an
adjudicator can either dismiss a claim or award a sum in favour of the
claimant in an adjudication determination. This arises clearly from the
stipulation that the adjudicated amount is to be determined by the
adjudicator. This is described in section 17(2)(a) as ‘the adjudicated amount
(if any) to be paid by the respondent to the claimant’. Thus, while an
adjudicator may determine the entitlement of the respondent to counterclaims
and set-offs – such as deductions for liquidated damages, back charges and
sums expended for rectifying defects – and set these off against the amount to
which the claimant is otherwise entitled, _he has no mandate to order any
amount to be paid to a respondent by the claimant_. It follows that, under the
Singapore SOP Act, even if the adjudicator determines that the aggregate of a
respondent’s set-offs and counterclaims exceeds the amount determined in
favour of the claimant, _the best result for a respondent in an adjudication
is a determination by the adjudicator that the claimant is not entitled to be
paid any part of the subject payment claim._

[emphasis added]

Whether there were “live issues” between the parties

12 Notwithstanding this concession, the defendant nevertheless argued that the
AD should not be set aside. Its first argument was that there were no live
issues between the parties. The defendant relied on the 16 Sep Letter wherein
the defendant had stated that the plaintiff would not be asked to make payment
of the Sum, which meant that the adjudicator’s error had no adverse financial
effect on the plaintiff. It would not have mattered one iota whether the
outcome was in the plaintiff’s favour or otherwise.[note: 11]

13 The defendant referred to _Attorney-General v Joo Yee Construction Pte Ltd
(in liquidation)_ [1992] 2 SLR(R) 165 (“ _Joo Yee Construction_ ”) where it
was held at [14] that:

… a court will not undertake to decide on issues, which if decided in the
appellant's favour, will not gain him “something which he would not gain if he
lost”, and will not decide on issues simply to have a decision that will be
useful for similar cases in the future.

14 The facts of _Joo Yee Construction_ were somewhat unusual. The appellant in
that case was the Attorney-General, who was representing the Ministry of
Health (“MOH”). The respondent had entered into a building contract with MOH
to construct a hospital building. After the respondent went into liquidation,
MOH made direct payments to four nominated subcontractors pursuant to the
terms of the building contract. An issue arose as to whether direct payments
to the four nominated subcontractors by MOH would contravene the combined
operation of ss 280(1) and 327(2) of the Companies Act (Cap 50, 1988 Rev Ed).
The High Court held that the payments were indeed in contravention of the
Companies Act and held that such payments would be void as against the
respondent’s liquidators. The Attorney-General appealed, but the four
nominated subcontractors either did not appeal or withdrew their appeals. On
appeal, the Court of Appeal held that there were no longer any live issues
(_Joo Yee Construction_ at [10] and [15]):

10 … The real issue in this case was not whether the contractual obligations
survived following the liquidation of the respondents but whether, firstly,
the parties could contract out of the insolvency laws and secondly, whether in
the instant case payments direct to the nominated subcontractors would
contravene the insolvency laws. That issue was no longer an issue when the
court ruled that a direct payment to the nominated subcontractors would
contravene ss 280(1) and 327(2) of the Act  _and_ the four nominated
subcontractors accepted the court's ruling by withdrawing or not proceeding
with their appeals. In so far as the Ministry of Health was concerned, its
interest in this issue ceased to exist once the court had ruled on the issue
_and_ the four nominated subcontractors had accepted the court's ruling by
withdrawing or not proceeding with their appeals. The Ministry of Health could
not thereafter be prejudiced or be exposed to the risk of litigation at either
the instance of the respondents or the four nominated subcontractors if it
acted in accordance with the ruling of the court. Accordingly in our view
there was no live issue in this appeal.

…

15 … Applying these principles to this appeal the Ministry of Health's
liability to pay the amounts certified under the building contract would not
be affected one bit whether the Ministry of Health succeeded in the appeal or
not. If the Ministry of Health succeeds in the appeal it would be able to pay
the amounts certified under the building contract direct to the four nominated
subcontractors but what does the Ministry of Health gain by it? Nothing in our
view. The parties who are in actual controversy, namely, the four nominated
subcontractors, and who would gain something if the respondents lost are not
before this court, they having accepted the judgment of the court of first
instance.

15 It is useful now to set out the contents the 16 Sep Letter. The defendant’s
solicitors had written as follows:

…

We confirm that our clients do not intend to ask your clients to make payment
under paragraph 3(a) of Mr Leong’s Adjudication Determination. As confirmed by
Mr Leong’s Adjudication Determination, your clients have been overpaid. At the
conclusion of the arbitration in SIAC Arb 87 of 2014, our clients will be
collecting the amount overpaid, together with interest at 5.33% per annum from
commencement of arbitration.

If your clients choose to proceed with an application to set aside the
adjudication determination, our clients will not stop your clients, neither
will our clients consent to the application. We will make the necessary
arguments at the setting aside forum if indeed there is going to be such an
application.

16 The facts of the present case were hardly on par with those of _Joo Yee
Construction_. For one, both parties with a real financial interest in the
matter were before the court. Nor was this a case where the party seeking a
remedy was protected against further litigation by the effect of an order of
court. Until the AD was set aside, the potential for the plaintiff to be sued
on it remained a real prospect. It was not at all unreasonable for the
plaintiff to seek recourse in a court of law rather than to rely on the
assurance of the defendant that it did not “intend to ask [the plaintiff] to
make payment” of the Sum. Whatever the legal effect of the representations
made in the 16 Sep Letter, it certainly did not render the legality of the AD
_purely academic_. Indeed, the plaintiff had argued that it was the defendant
which had a collateral purpose in objecting to set aside the AD which was
clearly wrong, _ie_ , to prevent the plaintiff from applying for further
adjudication. It was therefore plain that there were live issues to be
adjudicated upon.

The court’s jurisdiction

17 The plaintiff relied on s 27(5) of the SOPA and/or the inherent
jurisdiction of the court as the basis for it to apply to set aside the
AD.[note: 12] In this regard, the defendant argued that s 27(5) of the SOPA
did not permit the plaintiff to make the present application. Section 27 of
the SOPA provides as follows:

**Enforcement of adjudication determination as judgment debt, etc.**

27\. — (1) An adjudication determination made under this Act may, with leave
of the court, be enforced in the same manner as a judgment or an order of the
court to the same effect.

(2) Where leave of the court is so granted, judgment may be entered in the
terms of the adjudication determination.

(3) An application for leave to enforce an adjudication determination may not
be filed in court under this section unless it is accompanied by an affidavit
by the applicant stating that the whole or part of the adjudicated amount has
not been paid at the time the application is filed.

(4) If the affidavit referred to in subsection (3) indicates that part of the
adjudicated amount has been paid, the judgment shall be for the unpaid part of
the adjudicated amount.

(5) Where any party to an adjudication commences proceedings to set aside the
adjudication determination or the judgment obtained pursuant to this section,
he shall pay into the court as security the unpaid portion of the adjudicated
amount that he is required to pay, in such manner as the court directs or as
provided in the Rules of Court (Cap. 322, R 5), pending the final
determination of those proceedings.

18 The defendant submitted that it is only a _respondent_ in an adjudication
application who can avail himself of s 27(5) of the SOPA to file an
application to set aside an adjudication determination. Its arguments may be
summed up as follows:

(a) Section 27(5) makes it mandatory for anyone who wishes to set aside an
adjudication determination to pay the adjudicated amount into court.

(b) The purpose for such payment is to deter ingenious respondents who have
unmeritorious complaints from launching setting aside applications with the
dominant purpose of dragging out the time to make payment.

(c) Accordingly, the plaintiff, being the claimant in the adjudication
application, cannot avail himself of s 27(5) to make the present application.

19 As it turned out, this facet of the dispute is now moot as the Court of
Appeal has held in _Citiwall Safety Glass Pte Ltd v Mansource Interior Pte
Ltd_ [2014] SGCA 61 (“ _Citiwall_ ”), a judgment that was handed down on 27
November 2014 _after_ I heard the parties, that a court exercises its
supervisory jurisdiction in hearing and determining an application to set
aside an adjudication determination (_Citiwall_ at [41]). It is unthinkable
that this jurisdiction is only exercisable when the respondent makes the
application, and in any event, it is plain from s 27(5) that “ _any party to
an adjudication_ ” may apply to set aside an adjudication determination.

20 For completeness, I will also deal with the question whether the plaintiff
has to make payment into court as security for the unpaid portion of the Sum
pursuant to s 27(5) of the SOPA. The plaintiff had taken the view that it did
not need to do so as the “adjudicated amount” refers to an amount payable by
the _respondent_ to the _claimant_ in an adjudication.[note: 13]

21 I have partially dealt with the meaning of “adjudicated amount” at [8] to
[11] above, but I will add to the analysis here. Section 27(5) of the SOPA
imposes a requirement for an applicant seeking to set aside an adjudication
determination to “pay into the court as security the unpaid portion of the
_adjudicated amount_ that he is required to pay”. Under s 2 of the SOPA, the
words “adjudicated amount” is defined as “the amount of a progress payment
that is determined to be payable under section 17 or 19, as the case may be”.
It is clear from ss 17(2)(_a_) and 19(5)(_a_) that the “adjudicated amount”
can only be referring to payments determined to be made by the respondent _to_
the claimant. A claimant is defined under s 2 as “a person who is or claims to
be entitled to a progress payment under section 5”, and s 5 in turn states
that “Any person who has carried out any construction work, or supplied any
goods or services, under a contract is entitled to a progress payment”.
Finally, a respondent is defined under s 2 as “a person who is or may be
liable to make a progress payment under a contract to a claimant”.

22 So any sums that had to be paid by the _claimant_ to the _respondent_ would
not constitute the “adjudicated amount” that is referred to in s 27(5) of the
SOPA. As a result, if a claimant, such as the plaintiff, applies to set aside
an adjudication determination, there is no need for him to pay into court any
security pursuant to s 27(5). Such was the case here.

23 For the reasons above, I set aside the AD. I made no order as to costs.

* * *

[note: 1]Chin Voon Leong’s Affidavit dated 29 Sep 2014 (“Chin’s Affidavit”),
para 9.

[note: 2]Chin’s Affidavit, para 10.

[note: 3]Chin’s Affidavit, para 101.

[note: 4]The AD, para 3(a).

[note: 5]The AD, para 3(b).

[note: 6]The AD, para 104.

[note: 7]Tang Hun Chong’s Affidavit dated 14 Oct 2014 (“Tang’s Affidavit”),
para 10 and p 17.

[note: 8]Tang’s Affidavit, para 11 and p 18.

[note: 9]Tang’s Affidavit, paras 3 to 8.

[note: 10]Defendants’ Written Submissions dated 5 Nov 2014 (“DWS”), para 12.

[note: 11]DWS, paras 19, 23 and 24.

[note: 12]Chin’s Affidavit, para 7.

[note: 13]Chin’s Affidavit, para 14.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 06 Jan 2015 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

