Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Public Prosecutor _v_ Rosman bin Anwar and another appeal  
[2015] SGHC 247

Case Number| :| Magistrate's Appeals Nos 9069 and 9070 of 2015  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 25 September 2015  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  See Kee Oon JC  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Kow Keng Siong and Amanda Chong Wei-Zhen (Attorney-
General's Chambers) for the prosecution; Ismail Hamid (Ismail Hamid & Co) for
the accused persons.  
Parties| :|  Public Prosecutor — Rosman bin Anwar — Khairani binte Abdul
Rahman  
  
25 September 2015| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
See Kee Oon JC:

1 These are cross-appeals arising out of the convictions of two accused
persons – who are husband and wife – after trial in the District Court on
charges of voluntarily causing hurt to their domestic maid. Both accused
persons appeal against their convictions and the prosecution appeals against
the sentences imposed on both of them. The accused in Magistrate’s Appeal No
9069 of 2015 is the husband and the accused in Magistrate’s Appeal No 9070 of
2015 is the wife; I will refer to them as “the husband” and “the wife”
respectively. I will refer to their domestic maid as “the complainant”.

2 The husband was convicted on two charges and the wife on three. The first
charge against the husband was that, on one occasion in March 2013, he slapped
the complainant four times, twice on each side of her face, and pulled her
hair twice; and the second charge was that, on another occasion in August
2011, he slapped the complainant twice on her face. He was sentenced to one
week’s imprisonment on each charge, with these two sentences running
consecutively for a total sentence of two weeks’ imprisonment. He was also
ordered to pay the complainant $1,520 by way of compensation.

3 As for the wife, the first charge against her was that, on one occasion in
March 2013, she slapped the complainant twice on her face; the second charge
was that, on another occasion in August 2011, she slapped the complainant four
times, twice on each side of her face; and the third charge was that, on yet
another occasion in December 2012, she hit the complainant’s head twice with a
plastic stool. She was sentenced to one week’s imprisonment on each of the
first and second charges, and to three weeks’ imprisonment on the third
charge. The sentences for the second and third charges were ordered to run
consecutively for a global sentence of four weeks’ imprisonment.

Facts, allegations and evidence

4 It is not disputed that the complainant started work in the household of the
accused persons on 4 July 2011. The accused persons lived in a Housing and
Development Board flat with their three sons. It is also not disputed that the
complainant ran away from the flat in the late morning of 25 March 2013.

The complainant’s version of events

5 According to the complainant, the first month of her employment passed
without event, but in August 2011 the accused persons began to inflict
physical hurt on her. She testified that they inflicted hurt on her
“frequently”, but she could remember only four specific incidents which
together formed the subject-matter of the charges against the accused persons.
Two of these incidents took place in August 2011, one involving the husband
and the other the wife; one incident took place on the night of 24 March 2013,
the night before she left the accused persons’ household, in which both the
husband and the wife inflicted hurt on her; and the final incident took place
around 25 December 2012, this one involving just the wife. I shall relate
these alleged incidents in chronological order.

6 The two incidents alleged to have occurred in August 2011 were described by
the complainant as follows. In the incident involving the husband, something
was spilled one evening on a carpet inside the flat, and the husband told the
complainant to take the carpet out to the corridor and hang it out to dry.
While she was doing so, two men selling ice-cream stopped outside the flat.
Not knowing what the men wanted, she called out to the husband and he came to
the door to speak to them. After the men had left, the husband reprimanded her
for allowing “people to come inside” and slapped her twice on the right cheek.
In the incident involving the wife, the complainant ironed a garment –
specifically, a _tudong_ – belonging to the wife, and when the wife inspected
the garment thereafter she discovered that a button was missing. She accused
the complainant of “spoiling her things” and proceeded to slap her four times
on the face.

7 I turn now to the incident alleged to have occurred around 25 December 2012.
The complainant testified that, one night, the youngest son was playing in one
of the rooms in the flat when he pulled on a curtain and caused part of the
curtain to come off the curtain rail. At once the complainant went to get a
plastic stool from the kitchen; she brought it into the room and stood on it
attempting to put the curtain back up. While she was doing so, the wife
entered the room. When she saw what had happened to the curtain, she
reprimanded the complainant for damaging household items and not taking proper
care of them, and used the stool to hit the complainant on the head twice.

8 The final incident was alleged to have occurred on 24 March 2013. That
night, the family went out but the complainant stayed behind in the flat;
before they left, she gave the wife a list of groceries that needed to be
purchased. The complainant said that, when the family returned, the husband
scolded her for “taking the opportunity of getting [the family] to leave the
house” so that she could “rest at home”. He then slapped her four times, twice
on each cheek; thereafter, while he was standing on a ladder to look into a
kitchen cabinet, he pulled her hair twice. The complainant added that the wife
was present when the husband slapped her but she could not recall whether the
wife was also present when the husband pulled her hair as she might have been
praying at the time; the complainant testified that, in any event, the wife
subsequently returned to the kitchen after prayer and, while scolding her,
slapped her twice.

9 The following day, 25 March 2013, the complainant called the maid agency in
the morning using her mobile phone. She testified that she had obtained her
mobile phone only recently, about a month ago; prior to that, she had to use
the accused persons’ house phone to make calls, and they would permit her to
do so once every few months. On the phone, the complainant related her
situation to an employee at the maid agency. Thereafter she left the house and
proceeded to the agency, and later that day she went to the police station to
make a report. That evening, she saw a doctor shortly before 8.00pm. The
doctor examined her and found redness on her scalp. In court, this doctor
testified that it was possible that the redness would persist even though the
alleged hair-pulling incident took place a day ago, but she acknowledged that
it was also possible to cause such redness simply by combing one’s hair.

10 At the trial below, the prosecution tendered a notebook which the
complainant said was a diary that she had kept while working for the accused
persons. This exhibit was marked “P3” and I will refer to it as such. P3
contains handwritten text in the Bahasa Indonesian language; much of this
consists of reflection and contemplation in the vein of diary entries, albeit
with no dates furnished for the entries, but there are also recipes for
various dishes and what appear to be lists of tasks and duties to perform. On
the premise that the text in P3 was written by the complainant during the
period of her employment with the accused persons, and assuming that it
recorded events truthfully and accurately, it was evidence that the accused
persons had indeed inflicted physical hurt on her on more than one occasion.
Translated into English, P3 included such statements as: “I did a fatal
mistake yesterday and my employer was very angry with me until my male
employer slapped me”; “even my employer called me ‘stone’ and ‘monkey’, I was
willing to accept all these trials even called me animal and have been scolded
and kicked by my two employers”; “My employer always slapped my face and
pushed my head on every Saturday and Sunday”.

11 The accused persons, however, do not accept that P3 should be given
substantial weight as evidence incriminating them. They argue that “the origin
and content” of the alleged diary is “in doubt”, particularly so because the
entries were not dated. Moreover, they say, P3 does not record specific
instances of abuse, and given the lack of dates it cannot be shown that any
allegation of hurt made therein corresponds to any incident described in the
charges against either accused.

The accused persons’ version of events

12 Both accused persons flatly denied the complainant’s allegations of abuse
against them. They were adamant that their relationship with the complainant
was “good” throughout and that they had treated her as family. They testified
that their good relationship with the complainant was exemplified by the fact
that they had taken her out on a number of outings with the family, for
instance, to the zoological gardens and the bird park. The wife added that the
complainant had not expressed dissatisfaction on any matter pertaining to her
employment up to December 2012 at least, except that she seemed not to be
entirely content with her monthly salary of $380 – the wife said that the
complainant would compare her situation to that of a friend who was apparently
receiving $470 a month.

13 In relation to the alleged incident in August 2011 in which the husband was
said to have slapped the complainant, the accused persons said that the
complainant’s account could not be true because (i) she could not possibly
have carried the carpet out of the flat by herself, as it took at least three
persons to do so, and (ii) she could not have been correct when she said that
two men selling ice-cream stopped outside the flat because the ice-cream
sellers would never come up to their corridor but would remain “downstairs”.
As for the other alleged incident in August 2011, in which the wife was said
to have slapped the complainant after a button went missing from her _tudong_
, the wife testified that this could not have happened because she had never
worn a _tudong_ that had a button in or on it.

14 Both accused also challenged the veracity of the complainant’s account of
having been hit by a plastic stool around 25 December 2012. They accepted that
there had been an occasion on which part of the curtain in one of the rooms
had come off the curtain rail as a result of their youngest son having pulled
on it. But they denied that the wife had used a plastic stool to hit the
complainant thereafter; they argued that there had not been any reason for
them to get angry at her since the displacement of the curtain had occurred
through no fault of hers. They also contended that the complainant could not
have been telling the truth when she said that she had stood on the plastic
stool when attempting to put the curtain back up; according to the accused,
her story had to be a lie because there was no space for the placement of a
stool between the bed and the wall in the room in question, and she could have
reached the curtain rail easily by standing on the bed. For good measure, they
testified that this event involving the curtain had taken place in August and
not December 2012 as the family had spent the days leading up to 25 December
2012 in a chalet and not at home.

15 Finally, as to the alleged incident of 24 March 2013, both accused denied
that they had taken turns to hit the complainant that night. They testified
that they had been out of the flat the entire day and had returned home only
at night, and that the husband had more or less gone straight to the master
bedroom and stayed there. The wife said that, on her part, she had gone into
the master bedroom to pray, and had then gone to see her sons in the living
room. They added that the husband would not have stood on a ladder to look
into the kitchen cabinets, contrary to the complainant’s testimony that he
did, and that he would have stood on a stool instead for that purpose.
According to the wife, she saw the complainant the following morning, on 25
March 2013 – the day on which the complainant left the accused persons’
household. She described the complainant as looking “very happy” and “singing
softly” while folding the laundry.

16 In relation to P3, the diary allegedly kept by the complainant, the wife
testified that she had at no point seen it in the possession of the
complainant. She said that she had searched the complainant’s bag thoroughly
on the day she first arrived at the accused persons’ household, as well as on
some unspecified subsequent occasion, and both times had not seen anything
like P3 among the complainant’s belongings. This was another way in which both
accused sought to challenge the authenticity and reliability of P3.

Other witnesses and evidence

17 There was also testimony from two employees of the maid agency who were
present when the complainant fled there on 25 March 2013. One of them
testified that she had picked up the phone when the complainant called the
agency in the morning. The complainant told her that she had been abused, and
she told the complainant to come at once to the agency. The complainant did
so, and were met by the two employees when she arrived at the agency. One of
them – the one who had picked up the phone – described her as having appeared
“depressed”; the other said that she had “looked very frightened”, was crying
and was “very fidgety” and “very disoriented”. This latter employee contrasted
the complainant’s demeanour with that of other maids she had encountered who
had also made allegations of abuse – those others, she said, had been able to
laugh and joke with their compatriots, but the complainant had kept on crying
and had repeatedly said that she was in pain and no longer wanted to stay in
Singapore. This employee further testified that she had encouraged the
complainant to make a police report, and that, although the complainant had
initially been “afraid” to make a report, she eventually went down to the
police station with the employee for that purpose. The police indicated that
it would be prudent for the complainant to undergo a medical check-up, and
this was the course of action taken that evening.

18 In addition, the prosecution called as witnesses the older two of the
accused persons’ three sons. Their evidence in court was unfavourable to the
prosecution; this caused the prosecution to apply successfully to admit
statements they had made to the police, parts of which were inconsistent with
their oral testimony. In court, the two sons – who were 14 and 15 years old
when they took the stand – said that they had never seen or heard their
parents inflict hurt on the complainant or scold her. Their statements,
however, told a different story. The younger of these two sons said in his
statement that his mother would slap the complainant’s face at times, and that
there were “a few incidents” where his father also slapped her; the older son
said that there were “2 or 3 incidents” when he witnessed either one of his
parents slapping the complainant’s cheek. Thus their police statements
incriminated their parents to some extent. On the other hand, the sons
consistently maintained even in their statements that they had never seen
their mother use a stool to hit the complainant, and the older son said that
he had not seen his father pull the complainant’s hair.

19 When the two sons were confronted with their statements to the police and
asked to explain the inconsistency between what they had said then and what
they were staying on the stand, they both explained that they had indeed told
the officer recording the statements that their parents had never hurt the
complainant, but the officer had refused to record that down. Instead, the
officer raised his voice and spoke harshly to them as he believed that they
were not telling the truth. The younger son added that the recording officer
had wanted him to lie; at the same time, he claimed that the recording officer
might have misheard or misunderstood what he was saying – in particular, when
he said only that he had heard his parents’ and the complainant’s voices
outside his room, the officer might have inferred that the accused persons
were abusing the complainant. He did not deny signing the statement but
alleged that he had not had the chance to read the statement before putting
his signature down, and in any event he wanted to leave as soon as possible
because he was hungry and the interview was taking a long time. The older son
testified that the recording officer had threatened to subject him to a
polygraph test, and as he understood a polygraph test to consist of placing a
wire on his body and running a current through it, he thought he would suffer
electric shocks and was thus fearful. In that state, he said, he told lies
that incriminated his parents.

20 As against this, there was testimony from the recording officer in court in
which he stated that he had not asked the two sons to lie in their police
statements, and that he had recorded what they said truthfully and accurately.
He said that both sons had not been forthcoming in the initial stages of his
interviews with them, but that they had opened up eventually and told him that
they had seen incidents in which the complainant was scolded or hit by their
parents. They also told him that the complainant deserved to be punished due
to her poor performance on the job. The recording officer acknowledged that he
had spoken to the older son about a polygraph test, but he disputed that son’s
account of having been fearful about the prospect; according to him, the older
son declined to take the polygraph test because he was concerned that it might
affect his studies.

21 On the side of the defence, there was one other witness besides the accused
themselves – this was the father of the husband. His testimony was very brief:
he said only that the husband had called him on 31 March 2013 telling him that
the husband’s eldest son was crying continuously, and that when he visited the
husband he saw that the eldest son was indeed crying, and when he asked the
family why this was so, he received no answer.

The appeals against conviction

22 I turn now to consider the accused persons’ appeals against conviction.
They advanced a number of arguments which I shall endeavour to summarise in
the paragraphs that follow.

The accused persons’ arguments

23 First, the accused persons contend that the complainant’s testimony is
unreliable for several reasons:

(a) In relation to the alleged incident in August 2011 in which the husband
was said to have slapped her, the complainant could not have been telling the
truth when she said that she had carried the soiled carpet outside the flat by
herself, because the carpet was so heavy that it required at least three
people to lift; also, she could not have been telling the truth when she said
that two men selling ice-cream came to the flat because these men would only
stay downstairs.

(b) In relation to the alleged incident around 25 December 2012 in which the
wife was said to have hit her with a stool, the complainant’s account could
not be true because there was no space for a stool in the room, and she would
have stood on the bed instead if she was attempting to put the curtain back
up; in any event, the complainant accepted that it was possible that the
entire family was staying in a chalet around the time the incident was alleged
to have occurred; and furthermore, the complainant’s testimony that she had
gone to play with the youngest son after the incident was not consistent with
her evidence that she had had a headache soon after having being hit.

(c) In relation to the alleged incident on 24 March 2013 in which both accused
persons were said to have slapped her, the complainant’s claim that the
accused persons would have got angry at her for “taking the opportunity of
getting [the family] to leave the house” so that she could “rest at home” was
implausible, given that the family had planned to go out anyway; moreover, the
complainant gave inconsistent testimony in that she said on one hand that the
wife had witnessed the husband slapping her, but had also said on the other
hand that the wife had gone off to pray while the husband was scolding her.

(d) The complainant’s testimony in court was in some respects inconsistent
with what she had said in her police statement – in the statement, she had
said that the beatings she received from the wife were not painful, but in
court she testified otherwise; also, in the statement, she had said that the
husband and the wife were “very nice” people who would allow her to rest after
she had completed her work, which was not consonant with her allegations of
frequent abuse.

(e) The complainant’s testimony was not consistent with the medical evidence –
if she had truly been slapped consistently over 20 months, this would have
resulted in scars or other visible facial injuries, but no such scars or
injuries were observed by the doctor when she examined the complainant on 25
March 2013.

(f) The complainant’s testimony was not consistent with the doctor’s evidence
– the complainant said that, as a result of the abuse, she had frequent
headaches and would feel like vomiting, and she said that she had told the
doctor this on 25 March 2013, but the doctor testified that she had not been
told of this.

24 Second, the accused persons argue that the evidence of the doctor offers
scant support to the complainant’s version of events. The doctor testified
that she could not be certain that the observed redness in the complainant’s
scalp had been caused by the husband pulling the complainant’s hair; that
could have been caused by the complainant combing her hair, and it could even
have been deliberately self-inflicted.

25 Third, the accused persons contend that their sons’ police statements
should not have been admitted into evidence or should not be given much
weight. Neither son had an interpreter throughout their interviews with the
recording officer. The recording officer’s explanation was that both sons had
not asked for an interpreter and had said that they were comfortable speaking
in English. The accused persons maintain that the interviews and recording of
the statements had taken place in circumstances that caused stress to both
sons. Moreover, the recording officer had refused to record parts of the sons’
interviews which would have been favourable to the accused. For instance, in
his testimony the recording officer accepted that the sons had stated that
they had not seen the accused hitting the complainant. I should note that,
although it is true that the recording officer accepted this, he explained
that the sons had said that in the initial stages of the interview and he had
considered that they were not being forthright at that point.

26 Fourth, the accused persons argue that P3, which the complainant said was
her diary, should not have been admitted into evidence or should not be given
any weight. In her statement to the police made in 2013, the complainant had
said that the diary entries were written by her “last year”, but in court she
testified that she had written them in 2011. Further, the accused persons
point to the fact that the alleged diary entries were not accompanied by dates
and so did not record that specific instances of abuse had taken place at
specific times.

27 Fifth, the accused persons argue that the complainant’s account of having
been abused is undermined by the fact that, for a long time, she did not tell
anyone that she had been abused. They say that she had every opportunity to
use the phone to report the alleged abuse, or to apprise neighbours and
friends of this when she met them in person, but she did not do so, and thus
the veracity of her testimony is in doubt.

28 Sixth and finally, the accused persons contend that the District Judge
erred in rejecting the wife’s evidence on the basis of minor discrepancies and
inconsistencies, _eg_ , whether the curtain fell off the curtain rail in
August 2012, as she said in her police statement, or December 2012, as she
said in court. They say that these discrepancies are not sufficient reason to
reject their testimonies as untrue.

My decision

29 This is a case in which the oral testimonies of witnesses formed the main
bulk of the evidence at trial. In cases of this nature a great degree of
deference is accorded to the trial judge’s findings of fact since he has had
the advantage of observing the witnesses first-hand as they testified before
him. As the appellate judge, I have not had a similar opportunity, and hence,
in accordance with well-established principles, I should not interfere with
the District Judge’s findings of fact unless I am satisfied that his
conclusion that all the offences had been proven beyond a reasonable doubt was
plainly wrong or against the weight of the evidence.

30 In the present case, I accept that the District Judge appears to have
rejected the accused persons’ evidence largely on the basis of discrepancies
and inconsistencies that were of a rather trivial nature. I also accept that
the complainant’s own evidence contained similar minor discrepancies, although
I would add that, in my view, some of the alleged discrepancies were not truly
discrepancies – for instance, her acknowledgement in her police statement that
the accused persons were “very nice” in a general way does not necessarily
conflict with her allegation that they would hit her when they became unhappy
with her. But, in any event, all that is, without more, not sufficient reason
to set aside the convictions. Given two competing versions of events each of
which was broadly coherent and internally consistent, it cannot be said on the
basis of the discrepancies alone that the District Judge was plainly wrong or
went against the weight of the evidence in finding that the complainant’s
version had been established beyond any reasonable doubt.

31 Thus I turn to consider the surrounding evidence. In this connection, the
accused persons have sought to undermine the reliability of P3 and the police
statements of their two sons. In my view, it cannot be said that the District
Judge erred in ascribing full weight to P3 and the sons’ statements. As to P3,
even though it contained no dates, it was eminently within the province of the
District Judge to determine its authenticity and I see no reason to interfere
with his determination. There was ample basis for his finding that it was
indeed a diary that the complainant had maintained contemporaneously while
employed by the accused. I say this because P3 contained recipes and lists of
domestic tasks, which suggests that the complainant wrote in it from time to
time as she worked, and because there is some inherent improbability in the
notion that the complainant would go to such lengths as to fabricate the
entire document at some late stage and pass it off as a diary in anticipation
of court proceedings against her employers. As for the sons’ statements to the
police, the assessment of the reliability of those statements depended very
much on an evaluation of the oral testimonies of the sons and the recording
officer, which means that the District Judge was better-placed than I am
undertake such an assessment. I am not satisfied that his finding that the
statements were reliable was plainly wrong or against the weight of the
evidence.

32 The District Judge thought that P3 and the police statements of the accused
persons’ two sons corroborated the complainant’s testimony (see [85] and [91]
of the District Judge’s written grounds of his decision on conviction, which
are published as _Public Prosecutor v Khairani Binte Abdul Rahman and Rosman
Bin Anwar_ [2015] SGDC 71 – I shall call this the “Conviction GD” to
distinguish it from his grounds of decision on sentence, which has the neutral
citation [2015] SGMC 13 and which I shall call the “Sentence GD”). I think
that he was correct to take that view. Even though neither P3 nor the sons’
statements point directly towards the specific instances of infliction of hurt
that were the subject-matter of the charges against both accused, they
strongly suggest that the accused persons sought to suppress the truth in
advancing their version of events, which was that they had treated the
complainant well at all times. This suggests, in turn, that the complainant’s
account of having been abused generally is true, and that increases the
likelihood that her account of specific occurrences of abuse is also true.
While there exists the possibility that the complainant might have been
truthful but honestly mistaken in her recollection of events, there is no
material to indicate that this possibility was a substantial one.

33 There is in addition the medical evidence, which shows that the complainant
did manifest physical signs consistent with her allegation that her hair had
been pulled by the husband. It is possible, of course, that the redness in her
scalp was caused by her combing her hair in some idiosyncratic fashion that
resulted in redness at that particular spot and nowhere else, or that she
deliberately inflicted it on herself in order to support a false allegation
against the husband, but these do not seem to me to be very probable. Finally,
I would add that the testimonies of the employees at the maid agency as to the
complainant’s demeanour also corroborate the complainant’s version of events
to some extent, in the limited sense that the veracity of her story would have
been undermined by the presentation of a cheerful and chatty demeanour at the
agency.

34 The fact that the complainant left the accused persons’ household some 20
months after the physical abuse allegedly began is neither here nor there. The
accused persons argue that this suggests that the complainant must have been
inventing tales because it is inconceivable that she would have endured the
abuse for so long without running away; however, it could be contended that it
seems improbable that she would have worked for them for that length of time
without incident only to make up these allegations suddenly and for no
apparent reason in March 2013. Thus, in my judgment, this does not weaken the
complainant’s account to any degree.

35 Having considered all the evidence holistically, I am satisfied that the
District Judge’s findings of fact were neither plainly wrong nor against the
weight of the evidence. There is a good deal of evidence that supports the
complainant’s testimony or casts doubt on the accused persons’ story, or both.
I am unable to say that the District Judge erred in convicting both accused on
all the charges against them, and accordingly I dismiss both appeals against
conviction.

The appeals against sentence

36 All the charges against both accused concerned the offence of voluntarily
causing hurt as defined by s 321 of the Penal Code (Cap 224, 2008 Rev Ed).
Ordinarily, the maximum punishment for this offence is two years’ imprisonment
and a $5,000 fine, as set out in s 323 of the Penal Code; in this case,
however, since the recipient of the hurt was a domestic maid employed by the
accused, the maximum punishment is three years’ imprisonment and a $7,500
fine, pursuant to s 73(2) of the Penal Code. It should be noted that, prior to
the Penal Code amendments that took effect in early 2008, the maximum
punishment for the offence of causing hurt to a domestic maid was lower: it
was at the time one and a half years’ imprisonment and a $1,500 fine. This is
a pertinent point because many of the precedents were governed by the pre-2008
regime.

37 To reiterate, the husband was sentenced to one week’s imprisonment on each
of the two charges against him, the total sentence being two weeks’
imprisonment. The wife was sentenced to one week’s imprisonment on each of the
first and second charges, which arose out of her slapping the complainant, and
to three weeks’ imprisonment on the third charge, which arose out of her
hitting the complainant with a stool, the global sentence being four weeks’
imprisonment. The prosecution argues before me that these sentences should be
increased. In essence, the prosecution contends that the District Judge did
not give enough weight to the degree of pain and suffering that the
complainant underwent, and that the sentence does not adequately take into
account her unusual vulnerability and the protracted nature of the abuse she
endured.

Precedents involving causing hurt to domestic maids

38 There is no shortage of precedents involving the offence of voluntarily
causing hurt to domestic maids, which is itself an unfortunate thing. I shall
attend to four of them. In three of these precedents, terms of imprisonment
ranging from one to six weeks were imposed on the offenders for each charge of
causing hurt. All three were governed by the pre-2008 version of the Penal
Code in which the maximum punishment was lower. In the remaining one, one of
the two joint offenders received a non-custodial sentence; this case was a
more recent one governed by the post-2008 version of the Penal Code in which
the maximum punishment is higher. I describe the precedents briefly, leaving
to the last the last-mentioned precedent in which a non-custodial sentence was
imposed.

39 First, there is _Public Prosecutor v Chong Siew Chin_ [2001] 3 SLR(R) 851
(“ _Chong Siew Chin_ ”), a decision of Yong Pung How CJ. The offender there
was convicted after trial on three charges for voluntarily causing hurt to her
domestic maid. These three charges arose out of three separate incidents that
took place within a 24-hour period. In the first incident, which occurred
around 3.00am, the offender slapped the victim twice, resulting in the
appearance later that morning of a bruise on the victim’s face and a cut on
her lips; in the second incident, which occurred around 8.30am, the offender
slapped the victim once; and in the third incident, which occurred that
evening, the offender slapped the victim once. The bruise on the victim’s face
and the “fairly large” cut on her lips were “visible four days after the
assault”, as Yong CJ noted at [41]. At first instance, non-custodial sentences
were imposed on each charge, but on the prosecution’s appeal, Yong CJ imposed
a sentence of six weeks’ imprisonment for each charge, with two sentences
running consecutively for a total of 12 weeks’ imprisonment.

40 Second, there is _Ong Ting Ting v Public Prosecutor_ [2004] 4 SLR(R) 53 (“
_Ong Ting Ting_ ”), also a decision of Yong Pung How CJ. The offender there
was convicted after trial on seven charges, all of which were “related to a
single incident of maid abuse”, as Yong CJ observed (at [1]). Four charges
were for voluntarily causing hurt, two were for using criminal force, and one
was for criminal intimidation. The four charges for causing hurt arose out of
the offender’s acts of (i) pushing the victim and causing her to hit her head
against the wall, (ii) kicking her, (iii) pushing her and causing her to fall
and injure her elbow, and (iv) pushing her and causing her to fall on a pail.
The offender also poured water on the victim and made her stand in front of a
fan, placed ice cubes in her bra and shorts, and told the victim that she was
“not scared to kill” her; these acts gave rise to the remaining three charges
against the offender.

41 A medical examination conducted the day after the assault revealed a
3-centimetre haematoma on the back of the victim’s head that was consistent
with a collision against a hard object such as a wall, bruises on both her
knees likely to have been caused by kicks, and a 3-centimetre abrasion on her
elbow (at [22]). Yong CJ affirmed the sentences imposed at first instance: one
week’s imprisonment for each charge of causing hurt and for each charge of
using criminal force, and three months’ imprisonment for the criminal
intimidation charge, with three sentences running consecutively for a total
sentence of three months and two weeks’ imprisonment.

42 Third, there is _Public Prosecutor v Jaya d/o Gopal_ [2007] SGDC 189 (“
_Jaya Gopal_ ”). The offender there was convicted after trial on two charges
of causing hurt to her domestic maid. The two charges arose out of separate
incidents that took place about a month and a half apart. In the earlier
incident, the offender slapped the victim once on her face, and in the later
incident, the offender used a wooden spoon to hit the victim once on her face,
and then used a belt to hit her a few times on her back and the belt buckle to
hit her twice on the head. A medical examination conducted more than a month
after the later incident revealed a scar on the victim’s scalp. The trial
judge imposed a sentence of two weeks’ imprisonment for the charge relating to
the earlier incident and eight weeks’ imprisonment for the charge relating to
the later, and ordered that the sentences run consecutively for a total
sentence of ten weeks’ imprisonment. This sentence was affirmed by the High
Court.

43 Fourth and finally, there is _Public Prosecutor v Angela Tay Yan Hwee and
another_ [2009] SGDC 389 (“ _Angela Tay_ ”), which the District Judge dealt
with in the Sentence GD (at [22]). The two offenders in this case were husband
and wife. They each pleaded guilty to one charge of voluntarily causing hurt
to their domestic maid. According to the Statement of Facts, the victim began
crying when instructed to carry out a task within a certain time and asked the
offenders to send her back to the maid agency. They told her that they would
send her back when they pleased, and the wife added that “she wanted to
torture the victim and make her suffer before sending her back”. In the event,
the husband proceeded to call the maid agency to say that they wished to
repatriate the victim to her home country that night. When the offenders
informed the victim of their intention to repatriate her, she ran to the open
kitchen windows and began screaming for help. Quickly the offenders moved
toward her, and while the husband put his hand over the victim’s mouth and
grabbed her by the neck, the wife pulled the victim’s hair from behind. Both
of them then dragged her to the master bedroom.

44 In the master bedroom, the offenders sat on the bed and ordered that the
victim kneel before them with her hands behind her back, which the victim did.
Thereafter the husband slapped the victim once on the face and the wife pushed
the victim’s forehead with her finger. On the husband’s instruction, the wife
brought him a knife from the kitchen, and he tapped the flat side of the knife
against the victim’s arm while demanding to know why the tip of the knife was
broken. The charge against the husband arose out of his acts of putting his
hand over the victim’s mouth, grabbing her neck and slapping her once on her
face; the charge against the wife arose out of her acts of pulling the
victim’s hair and pushing her forehead with her finger. As a result of these
events the victim sustained numerous bruises on her arms and legs as well as
swelling on her chin. At first instance, the husband and the wife were
sentenced to six and three weeks’ imprisonment respectively. Both offenders
appealed against sentence, by way of Magistrate’s Appeals No 336 and 337 of
2009. Steven Chong JC (as he then was) allowed the appeals, reducing the
husband’s sentence to one week’s imprisonment and a $5,000 fine, and the
wife’s to a $5,000 fine.

45 Chong JC did not issue written grounds of decision, but in his minutes of
the hearing before him, he recorded comments and observations that are useful
for understanding his reasons for allowing the appeals. For convenience I set
out these comments and observations in full:

1.Not a typical maid abuse case – not pre-meditated. Over-reaction by the 2
Appellants in the context of them restraining the maid from creating a scene.
Appeared that the incident was sparked off when the 2 Appellants informed the
victim that she would be repatriated that night.

2.Nature of the injuries, other than the slap was not intended to cause
injury. They arose from the struggle.

3.Accept the defence counsel’s submission that the [District Judge’s] finding
that the 2 Appellants had dragged the victim by the neck and hair from the
kitchen to the bedroom was not borne out by the evidence. Clearly this finding
by the [District Judge] was an important consideration to impose the custodial
sentence.

4.2nd Appellant’s [_ie_ , the husband’s] conduct is to be differentiated from
the 1st Appellant [_ie_ , the wife]. Only intentional act to cause hurt was by
2nd Appellant when he slapped her. 2nd Appellant’s act in asking the 1st
Appellant to retrieve the kitchen knife and tapping it on the victim’s arm had
the effect of intimidating the victim even if that may not have been his
intention.

5.As for the medical report [stating that the wife suffered from depression],
it is inconclusive. I note that it is inconsistent with the character
references by the 1st Appellant’s 2 friends. There was no assessment of the 1s
[_sic_] Appellant’s condition with reference to any 3rd party other than 2nd
Appellant. Not clear whether her current depression was caused by the post-
partum depression or the conviction and sentence. Whatever the cause may be, a
custodial sentence would impair her recovery.

Allow the appeal.

1st Appellant – Fine $5,000

2nd Appellant – Fine $5,000 and 1 week imprisonment. …

Discussion and decision

46 I should say first that, in my judgment, the District Judge was correct to
take the view that _Angela Tay_ did not suggest that a non-custodial sentence
would be appropriate in the present case. As Chong JC’s minutes reveal, he did
_not_ consider that to be a “typical maid abuse case”; he characterised it as
one in which the offenders’ conduct was “not pre-meditated”, which I
understand to mean that the offences arose out of a sudden and spontaneous
struggle. Even though many visible injuries were caused, these had all arisen
out of that unanticipated struggle. Moreover, Chong JC seems to have accepted
that the wife was suffering from depression, and that was a consideration he
took into account in imposing a non-custodial sentence. Given the peculiar
circumstances of that case, _Angela Tay_ is of little relevance to the present
case.

47 Turning to the other three precedents – namely, _Chong Siew Chin_ , _Ong
Ting Ting_ and _Jaya Gopal_ – there is one main point of distinction between
all of them and the present case. In this case, the visible injuries sustained
by the complainant were less extensive than those sustained by the victims in
the other cases. No doubt this relative lack of observable effects of abuse in
the present case may be due in large part to the fact that most of the abuse
occurred long before the medical examination carried out on the complainant.
It is unfortunate that the lapse of time could mean that the full extent of
the physical harm suffered by the complainant will never be known. Be that as
it may, it would not be right for me to fill in the blanks, so to speak, and
to speculate that the complainant must have suffered more than what was
apparent on the available evidence that was put forth by the prosecution.

48 Furthermore, there is the fact that doctor did not observe any physical
signs of having been slapped when she examined the complainant on 25 March
2013 even though the complainant had been slapped by both the husband and the
wife just the night before. This is to be contrasted with the fact that, in
_Chong Siew Chin_ , the slaps left a bruise on the face and a cut on the lip
that were visible even after four days. I am thus driven to conclude that the
assaults on the complainant perpetrated by both the accused in this case were
not so serious as to result in very severe injuries and thus did not fall
within the higher range of culpability. That is not to excuse their conduct,
still less to justify it, but it is an important consideration in determining
the appropriate sentence.

49 As against this, I agree with the prosecution that the degree of pain and
suffering endured by the complainant is not to be measured by reference only
to the visible injuries and the severity of the assaults on her, but must take
into account the prolonged nature of the abuse and the psychological and
emotional toll that it took on her. In the Conviction GD, the District Judge
opined that the complainant was “a truthful and reliable witness” (at [83])
and that P3 was a “contemporaneous record of the routine verbal and physical
abuse which formed the oppressive circumstances of [the complainant’s]
employment and her resultant emotional state” (at [85]). Thus, in effect, the
District Judge found that the abuse suffered by the complainant was not
limited to the specific incidents that comprised the subject-matter of the
charges but included other unspecified instances, and he found also that this
abuse was a source of a considerable amount of distress. I should mention that
the District Judge did say in the Sentence GD that the complainant’s emotional
suffering “was not severe” (at [14]), but it is difficult to reconcile this
with his other findings. I am satisfied that her emotional suffering was
substantial. These factors justify the imposition of higher sentences on the
accused on the individual charges and on a global basis.

50 The District Judge also noted that, according to the complainant, one
reason why she stayed in the accused persons’ household through 20 months of
abuse was that they had “threatened” her (see the Conviction GD at [86]).
Moreover, the complainant testified that they had told her that they had the
“right” to slap her because they were her employers – although the District
Judge did not make an express finding that this had taken place, I accept it
as true on the basis of the finding that the complainant was truthful and gave
reliable testimony. I agree with the prosecution that all this indicates that
the complainant was especially vulnerable in that she was led to believe that
she had no choice but to resign herself to the situation she was in. That,
too, calls for a higher sentence on the principle of retribution.

51 In all the circumstances, I am of the view that the sentences meted out by
the District Judge were manifestly inadequate. I do not think that _Ong Ting
Ting_ suggests otherwise; even though the sentence in that case was one week’s
imprisonment per charge for abuse of a more serious nature, that must be seen
in the context of the global sentence of three months and two weeks’
imprisonment. It may well be that, but for the sentence of three months’
imprisonment for the criminal intimidation charge, Yong CJ would have
increased the sentences for the charges for causing hurt in order to arrive at
the same global sentence. Furthermore, _Ong Ting Ting_ was governed by the
pre-2008 version of the Penal Code under which the maximum term of
imprisonment was a year and a half, as compared to three years under the
present incarnation of the Penal Code. It may well be that a higher sentence
could have been imposed had that case been governed by the current Penal Code
punishment provision. I would reiterate that _Chong Siew Chin_ and _Jaya
Gopal_ were also governed by the pre-2008 Penal Code punishment provision and
the sentences imposed in those cases should be seen in that light.

52 The two charges against the husband pertain to his acts of slapping the
complainant and, in one instance, pulling her hair. I am of the view that the
sentence per charge should be higher than that which was imposed in _Jaya
Gopal_ given the prolonged nature of all the abuse in the present case as well
as the fact that the maximum punishment in _Jaya Gopal_ was lower. But I am
also of the view that the sentence per charge should be lower than that which
was imposed in _Chong Siew Chin_ given that the assault in this case was less
severe. In my judgment, a sentence of three weeks’ imprisonment for each
charge would be appropriate, and it would be appropriate to order that the
sentences run consecutively for a total sentence of six weeks’ imprisonment.

53 The wife also faces two charges arising out of her acts of slapping the
complainant. In my view, given that these charges appear to be similar in
nature to those faced by the husband, the sentence per charge should likewise
be three weeks’ imprisonment. As for the remaining charge against the wife,
which concerns her act of hitting the complainant’s head with a plastic stool,
the sentence for this charge should be higher than that for the charges
involving slapping because being hit on the head with a plastic stool is in
all probability more harmful than being slapped. That said, I think that the
wife’s conduct in this regard is less serious than that of the offender in
_Jaya Gopal_ , who not only hit the victim on the head with a belt buckle but
also used the belt to hit the victim’s back and used a wooden spoon to hit her
face. I am therefore of the opinion that it would be appropriate to impose a
sentence of five weeks’ imprisonment on this charge and to order that two
sentences run consecutively for a total sentence of eight weeks’ imprisonment.

54 In determining the appropriate sentences for the wife, I am conscious that
she was in fact serving her sentence of imprisonment when the prosecution’s
appeals were filed, and had commenced doing so from 14 May 2015, the date
sentence was passed. The husband had obtained a deferment of his sentence
commencement date to 1 July 2015. Both accused persons had not originally
appealed against their convictions or sentences. At the outset, appeals
against the District Judge’s sentences were filed only by the prosecution.
These appeals were set down for hearing on an expedited basis on 29 May 2015
on account of the relatively short imprisonment terms imposed.

55 On that date, then-counsel for the accused persons Mr B Uthayachanran
informed the court that he had on 26 May 2015 filed notices of appeal against
conviction on behalf of both accused persons and would be applying for an
adjournment of the hearing of the appeals, but would concurrently also be
applying to discharge himself from further acting for them. The prosecution
supported the application to adjourn the hearing so that both sets of appeals
could be heard together. As the accused persons had no objections to counsel’s
application to discharge himself or to the adjournment, I allowed counsel to
be discharged and adjourned the hearing of the appeals. Counsel further
indicated that the accused persons were planning to engage another lawyer to
act for them. The wife elected to continue serving sentence in the meantime.

56 The appeals were next set down on 29 July 2015 and by then the wife had
completed serving her sentence, and the accused persons had engaged Mr Ismail
Hamid to represent them in the appeals. Mr Hamid submitted that even if the
court was minded to enhance the sentences, some allowance ought to be given to
the wife as she had already served her sentence and should she be re-admitted
to prison, it would “add to her misery”. I drew guidance in this regard from
the observations of the High Court in _Public Prosecutor v Fernando Payagala
Waduge Malitha Kumar_ [2007] 2 SLR(R) 334 at [83] and the Court of Appeal in
_Public Prosecutor v Kwong Kok Hing_ [2008] 2 SLR(R) 684 (“ _Kwong Kok Hing_
”) at [46]. In both these cases, in determining the appropriate enhancement of
sentence, some allowance was made for the sentence imposed given that the
offenders had already completed serving sentence before their sentence was
enhanced.

57 In the present case, the DPP pointed out that there was no elucidation of
the sentencing jurisprudence in those two cases to support such an approach.
Nevertheless, I think it is within the court’s discretion to determine whether
this is a relevant matter on the facts of each case, even if it might be
arguable that there is no fixed rule or principle entitling persons in such
circumstances to a sentencing discount. It would suffice in my view to cite
the observations of the Court of Appeal in _Kwong Kok Hing_ , where V K Rajah
JA had noted (at [46]) that the offender would have to “now undergo a further
prison sentence all over again for the same offence”. I would respectfully
agree with the Court of Appeal’s stated opinion that such a situation
justifies some discount to the final sentencing equation.

58 As the wife had completed serving her term of four weeks’ imprisonment, I
think it is in order to calibrate her sentence downwards slightly in relation
to the third charge involving the use of the stool to hit the complainant’s
head. In ordinary circumstances, I am of the view that the appropriate
sentence ought to be six weeks’ imprisonment; in the present case, I will
impose a sentence of five weeks’ imprisonment instead. She will be required to
serve an additional four weeks’ imprisonment as a consequence.

Conclusion

59 I dismiss the accused persons’ appeals against conviction and allow the
prosecution’s appeals against sentence against both accused. The total
sentence imposed on the husband is increased from two to six weeks’
imprisonment, and the total sentence imposed on the wife is increased from
four to eight weeks’ imprisonment.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 25 Sep 2015 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

