Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Government of the Lao People’s Democratic Republic _v_ Sanum Investments
Ltd  
[2015] SGHC 15

Case Number| :| Originating Summons No 24 of 2014  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 20 January 2015  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Edmund Leow JC  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Cavinder Bull SC, Lim Gerui, Cai Zhenyang Daniel, Ho Ping
Darryl (He Bin) (Drew & Napier LLC) for the plaintiff; Yeo Khirn Hai Alvin SC,
Koh Swee Yen, Chong Wan Yee Monica (Zhang Wanyu) and Lau Hui En Charisse
(WongPartnership LLP) for the defendant.  
Parties| :|  GOVERNMENT OF THE LAO PEOPLE'S DEMOCRATIC REPUBLIC — SANUM
INVESTMENTS LTD  
  
[LawNet Editorial Note: The appeals to this decision in Civil Appeals Nos 139
and 167 of 2015 and the application in Summons No 2 of 2016 were allowed by
the Court of Appeal on 29 September 2016. See [2016] SGCA 57.]

20 January 2015| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Edmund Leow JC:

Introduction

1 The central question in this application concerns the applicability of the
bilateral investment treaty (“BIT”) between the People’s Republic of China
(“PRC”) and the Lao People’s Democratic Republic (“Laos”) to the Macau Special
Administrative Region of China (“Macau”). The second issue that arises
concerns the interpretation of the dispute resolution article in that treaty.

2 The plaintiff is the Government of Laos while the defendant, Sanum
Investments Limited, is a company incorporated in Macau. The defendant made
certain investments in the gaming and hospitality industry in Laos. Disputes
subsequently arose in relation to those investments and the defendant
ultimately commenced arbitration proceedings against the plaintiff. The
plaintiff disputed the jurisdiction of the arbitral tribunal (“the Tribunal”)
on the basis that the BIT did not apply to Macau but the Tribunal held
otherwise. The plaintiff then brought the present application to refer the
issue of jurisdiction to the High Court under s 10 of the International
Arbitration Act (Cap 143A, 2002 Rev Ed) (“the IAA”).

The facts

3 The pertinent facts of the present application are generally not in dispute.

Background facts and the relevant international instruments

4 Prior to its handover to the PRC in 1999, Macau was considered “Chinese
territory”[note: 1] over which Portugal exercised administrative power.[note:
2] After the handover, the PRC “resumed sovereignty”[note: 3] over Macau and
established it as a special administrative region.

5 The handover was not an unforeseen event. In 1987, the PRC and Portugal
signed a joint declaration on the question of Macau (“the 1987 PRC-Portugal
Joint Declaration”).[note: 4] Art 1 of the declaration provided that the PRC
would resume the exercise of sovereignty over Macau with effect from 20
December 1999. Art 2 declared the PRC’s one country, two systems principle and
laid down in broad terms the PRC’s basic policies regarding Macau to be
pursued in accordance with that principle.

6 On 31 January 1993, the BIT between the PRC and Laos was signed (“the PRC-
Laos BIT”).[note: 5] The treaty does not mention whether the provisions
therein extend to Macau.

7 A week before the handover of Macau to the PRC, on 13 December 1999, the PRC
informed the United Nations Security-General (“UNSG”) of the status of Macau
in relation to the treaties deposited with the UNSG.[note: 6]

8 On 20 December 1999, the PRC resumed its exercise of sovereignty over Macau.

The defendant’s investment in Laos

9 The facts surrounding the defendant’s investment in Laos and the alleged
expropriation of its investments by the plaintiff are disputed. However, as
the _merits_ of the defendant’s expropriation claim are not relevant to the
present application, I shall only briefly summarise the key events to provide
the factual backdrop to this application.

10 On 14 July 2005, the defendant was incorporated under the laws of Macau. In
2007, the defendant began investing in the gaming and hospitality industry of
Laos through a joint venture with a Laotian entity. Disputes subsequently
arose between the defendant and the Laotian entity. The defendant commenced
arbitral proceedings by a notice of arbitration under the PRC-Laos BIT on 14
August 2012, alleging, amongst other things, that the plaintiff deprived them
of the benefits from its capital investment by the imposition of unfair and
discriminatory taxes.

11 In its notice of arbitration, the defendant argued that it fell within the
definition of “investor” under Art 1(2)(b) of the PRC-Laos BIT because it was
incorporated in Macau.[note: 7] This gave rise to the plaintiff’s preliminary
objection to the Tribunal’s jurisdiction. In particular, the plaintiff argued
that the territorial scope of the PRC-Laos BIT did not include Macau and that
the defendant’s claims were not arbitrable.

12 On 13 December 2013, the Tribunal delivered its award on jurisdiction. It
held that the PRC-Laos BIT applied to Macau and that it had the jurisdiction
to arbitrate the defendant’s expropriation claims under Art 8(3) of the PRC-
Laos BIT.

13 I note in passing that on the same day that arbitral proceedings leading to
the present application were commenced by the defendant, _separate_ arbitral
proceedings were commenced by the defendant’s parent company incorporated in
the Netherlands pursuant to the BIT concluded between the Netherlands and Laos
in 2005.[note: 8] It therefore appears that the defendant is pursuing two
claims under two BITs in relation to the same subject matter.

The present proceedings

14 The plaintiff filed the present application, Originating Summons No 24 of
2014 (“OS 24/2014”), on 10 January 2014.

15 On 19 February 2014, the plaintiff filed Summons No 884 of 2014 (“SUM
884/2014”) praying for the admission of two diplomatic letters (“the Two
Letters”) that were exhibited in Outakeo Keodouangsinh’s affidavit of 19
February 2014. The first letter dated 7 January 2014 (“the Laos Letter”) was
sent from the Laotian Ministry of Foreign Affairs to the PRC Embassy in
Vientiane, Laos.[note: 9] The letter stated Laos’ view that the PRC-Laos BIT
did not extend to Macau and sought the views of the PRC Government on the
same. The second letter dated 9 January 2014 (“the PRC Letter”) was the reply
from the PRC Embassy in Vientiane, Laos stating its view that the PRC-Laos BIT
did not apply to Macau “unless both China and Laos make separate arrangements
in the future”[note: 10].

16 On 11 April 2014, I heard SUM 884/2014 and granted the prayers therein,
subject to the defendant’s right to object to admissibility at the hearing of
OS 24/2014. The defendant raised the issue of admissibility of the Two Letters
and this will be addressed below at [38]–[56].

The parties’ submissions

17 The plaintiff’s submissions can be summarised as follows:

(a) The PRC-Laos BIT does not apply to Macau and official correspondence
between the two states confirms this. The other pieces of positive evidence
point towards the same conclusion.

(b) The defendant’s expropriation claims exceed the scope of the agreement to
arbitrate under the PRC-Laos BIT; Art 8(3) of the PRC-Laos BIT only applies to
disputes involving the quantum of compensation payable to investors.

18 The defendant’s submissions can be summarised as follows:

(a) The application raises only questions of pure international law which are
not justiciable by the court. Singapore is not a party to the PRC-Laos BIT and
the issues involving the interpretation of international treaties have nothing
to do with Singapore domestic law. Even if the issues are justiciable, the
standard of review is a limited one of deference and respect for the Tribunal.

(b) The Two Letters should not be admitted as further evidence for the present
application because the plaintiff has not satisfied any of the _Ladd v
Marshall_ conditions.

(c) According to the moving treaty frontiers rule in international law, the
PRC-Laos BIT is presumed to apply to Macau because it formed part of the
territory of PRC from 20 December 1999 upon the restoration of Chinese
sovereignty. None of the exceptions to this rule applies. Laos has failed to
establish that the PRC-Laos BIT does not apply to Macau.

(d) The Tribunal had the jurisdiction to decide the defendant’s expropriation
claims under Art 8(3) of the PRC-Laos BIT.

Issues

19 There are two preliminary issues to be determined in this application:

(a) Whether the present application only raises issues of international law
which are non-justiciable.

(b) Whether the Two Letters should be admitted as evidence in this
application.

20 The two substantive issues arising in this application are as follows:

(a) Whether the PRC-Laos BIT applies to Macau.

(b) Whether the defendant’s expropriation claims fall outside the scope of Art
8(3) of the PRC-Laos BIT.

Whether the present application only raises issues of international law which
are non-justiciable

21 The defendant submits that this application only concerns questions of pure
international law because it stems from an investment treaty arbitration which
operates on an international plane different from typical international
commercial arbitrations. It also argues that a decision on the interpretation
of the PRC-Laos BIT would potentially have significant consequences for
approximately 130 other BITs to which the PRC is party.

22 In adopting this position, the defendant acknowledges that the courts may
well find justiciable a question of international law that in fact bears on
the application of domestic law (see the Singapore High Court decision of _Lee
Hsien Loong v Review Publishing Co Ltd and another and another suit_ [2007] 2
SLR(R) 453 (“ _Review Publishing_ ”) at [98]).

23 However, the defendant attempts to distinguish _Review Publishing_ by
pointing out that the court there was only concerned with the procedure to be
adopted when private litigants wish to serve the process of the Singapore
court on defendants residing in Hong Kong under a treaty concluded between
Singapore and the PRC. The defendant further submits that Singapore is not a
party to the PRC-Laos BIT and the issues here have nothing to do with
Singapore domestic law.

24 I am unable to accept the defendant’s submission on the issue of
justiciability. While it cannot be denied that Singapore is not a party to the
PRC-Laos BIT, it does not necessarily follow that the issues in this
application have nothing to do with a person’s rights or duties under
Singapore law.

25 Here, the plaintiff is relying on s 10(3)(_a_) of the IAA, a Singapore
statutory provision, to seek a review of the Tribunal’s positive ruling on
jurisdiction. This issue evidently has a bearing on the application of
Singapore law and on the right of the plaintiff to have the Tribunal’s ruling
on jurisdiction reviewed by this court.

26 At the hearing before me, counsel for the plaintiff, Mr Bull, referred me
to the English Court of Appeal decision of _Republic of Ecuador v Occidental
Exploration and Production Co_ [2006] 2 WLR 70 (“ _Occidental Exploration_ ”).
In that case, the defendant, a Californian corporation, sought tax
reimbursements from the Ecuadorian tax authorities. The authorities refused
those claims and arbitration proceedings were commenced under a BIT between
the United States of America (“the US”) and Ecuador. The arbitrators decided
that London would be the place of arbitration and subsequently held in favour
of the defendant on all issues except for one. Ecuador applied for the award
to be set aside under the Arbitration Act 1996 (c 23) (UK) (“the UK
Arbitration Act”) while the defendant challenged the court’s jurisdiction to
determine the application on the basis that the court would be required to
interpret provisions of the BIT which were non-justiciable in an English
court.

27 The court held that it had the jurisdiction to interpret an international
instrument where it was necessary to do so in order to determine a person’s
rights and duties under domestic law. In holding that it did have the
jurisdiction to interpret the BIT between Ecuador and the US, the court took
into account the special character of a BIT and the parties’ agreement to
arbitrate.

28 In relation to the special character of a BIT, the court held (at [32])
that:

The treaty involves, on any view, a deliberate attempt to ensure for private
investors the benefits and protection of consensual arbitration; and this is
an aim which national courts should, in an internationalist spirit and
_because_ it has been agreed between states at an international level, aspire
to give effect …

[emphasis in original]

29 As for the parties’ agreement to arbitrate, the court held that it was
recognised under English private international law and was subject to the UK
Arbitration Act because London was the place of arbitration. It was further
held (at [46]) that the English courts were being asked to interpret the scope
of the agreement in order to give effect to the rights and duties contained in
the agreement to arbitrate.

30 In my view, the reasoning and conclusions reached in _Occidental
Exploration_ are applicable to the facts of the present case. The present
facts are similar to those found in _Occidental Exploration_ in two
significant respects: the international instrument to be interpreted here is
also a BIT and Singapore is not a party to the PRC-Laos BIT just as the UK was
not party to the US-Ecuador BIT. While there are undoubtedly differences
between the dispute resolution articles of the PRC-Laos BIT and those of the
US-Ecuador BIT, there is no dispute between the parties that the plaintiff was
entitled to bring a review of the Tribunal’s jurisdictional ruling under s 10
of the IAA. I am therefore of the view that the present application does not
raise questions of international law that are non-justiciable; it concerns the
rights of parties seeking to invoke this court’s jurisdiction under s 10 of
the IAA to review the Tribunal’s ruling on jurisdiction. Put another way, I am
unable to determine the plaintiff’s rights under s 10 of the IAA without first
considering the issue of whether the PRC-Laos BIT applies to Macau.

31 Moreover, the issues raised in this application do not concern the exercise
of sovereign or legislative prerogative in matters of high policy such as
sovereign immunity, deployment of troops overseas, boundary disputes or
recognition of foreign governments (see _Review Publishing_ at [100]). I am
only concerned with the legitimacy of the plaintiff’s challenge to the
Tribunal’s jurisdiction under s 10 of the IAA which in turn involves an
interpretation of the PRC-Laos BIT. Mr Yeo, on behalf of the defendant, raises
an alternative argument. He argues that even if the issue here is justiciable,
the standard of review is a limited one of deference and respect for the
Tribunal.

32 I am unable to agree with Mr Yeo’s submission because the standard of
review under s 10 of the IAA and Art 16(3) of the Model Law is generally
regarded as _de novo_ (see the recent Court of Appeal decision of _PT First
Media TBK (formerly known as PT Broadband Multimedia TBK) v Astro Nusantara
International BV and others and another appeal_ [2014] 1 SLR 372 (“ _Astro_
”)). In that case, the Court of Appeal affirmed at [162]–[163] the _de novo_
standard of judicial review which entailed a fresh examination of the issue of
joinder and jurisdiction decided by the arbitral tribunal in its award on
preliminary issues.

33 Mr Yeo attempted to distinguish _Astro_ on the basis that the dispute there
was a commercial one unlike the present investor-state arbitration which
concerned the interpretation of international treaties. There is, to my mind,
no principled basis for such a distinction presented by Mr Yeo: nothing in
_Astro_ indicates that a different standard of review is to apply to a
challenge under s 10 of the IAA on jurisdiction involving investor-state
arbitration.

34 It was also argued in the defendant’s written submissions that the
qualifications and expertise of the arbitral tribunal counselled against the
adoption by this court of anything other than a limited review of the
Tribunal’s positive jurisdictional ruling.[note: 11]

35 While I had no reason to doubt the eminence or expertise of the Tribunal,
this does not mean that a limited standard of review is appropriate. The
defendant’s submission, if taken to its logical conclusion, would mean that
there would be a varying standard of review in every application under s 10 of
the IAA depending on the relative expertise and qualifications of the High
Court Judge hearing the application as compared to that of the arbitral
tribunal members. That cannot be the case; there is nothing in s 10 of the IAA
or _Astro_ that supports the defendant’s submission in this regard.

36 For these reasons, I dismiss the defendant’s objection that the issues in
this application are non-justiciable.

37 There is one final ancillary point I wish to deal with before considering
the evidence tendered by the parties. Public international law is not
technically foreign law which needs to be proved by expert evidence. It was
therefore not strictly necessary for the parties to file Prof Chesterman’s and
Sir Daniel Bethlehem’s affidavits. However, I found them helpful in
crystallising the issues and the parties’ positions on those issues for the
purposes of the present application, and I was therefore happy to accept them.

Whether the Two Letters should be admitted as evidence in this application

38 The Two Letters constituted a key plank of the plaintiff’s case and
therefore it came as no surprise that Mr Yeo devoted a substantial portion of
his oral submissions to argue that the Two Letters should not be admitted as
evidence.

39 It is apposite to set out the full text of the Two Letters. As stated above
at [15], the Laotian Ministry of Foreign Affairs first sent a letter dated 7
January 2014 to the PRC Embassy in Vientiane, Laos.[note: 12] The letter
stated Laos’ view that the PRC-Laos BIT did not extend to Macau and sought the
views of the PRC Government on the same:

The Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the Lao People’s Democratic Republic
presents its compliments to the Embassy of the People’s Republic of China and,
with reference to the meeting between His Excellency Mr. Alounkeo Kittikhoun,
Vice-Minister of Foreign Affairs and His Excellency Mr. Guan Huabing,
Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary of the People’s Republic of China
to the Lao People’s Democratic Republic on January 3rd, 2014 and the meeting
between the Director General of the Department of Treaties and Law, Ministry
of Foreign Affairs with the Counselor, Deputy Chief of Mission of the Embassy
of the People’s Republic of China on December 27th, 2013, has the honour to
seek views of the Government of the People’s Republic of China regarding the
status of the Agreement between the Government of the Lao People’s Democratic
Republic and the Government of the People’s Republic of China Concerning the
Encouragement and Reciprocal Protection of Investment signed on January 31st,
1993 (the Agreement) in relation to [Macau].

The Ministry of Foreign Affairs has the further honour to inform the Embassy
that the Laos Government is of the view that the Agreement does not extend to
[Macau] for the reasons based on the People’s Republic of China’s policy of
one country, two systems, its constitutional and legal framework, the Basic
Law of [Macau] as well as the fact that the Agreement itself is silent on its
extension to [Macau], which returned to the sovereignty of the People’s
Republic of China in 1999, six years after the signing of the Agreement.

It would be highly appreciated if the Embassy would communicate this request
to the agencies concerned of the People’s Republic of China and could provide
a response in due course.

The Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the Lao People’s Democratic Republic avails
itself of this opportunity to renew to the Embassy of the People’s Republic of
China the assurances of its highest consideration.

40 The PRC Embassy in Vientiane, Laos replied to the Laos Letter, stating its
view that the PRC-Laos BIT did not apply to Macau “unless both China and Laos
make separate arrangements in the future”[note: 13]:

The Embassy of the People’s Republic of China presents our compliments to the
Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the People’s Democratic Republic of Laos, and
our reply to [the Laos Letter] is as follows:

In accordance with the <<Basic Law of [Macau]>>, the Government of [Macau]
may, with the authorisation of the Central People’s Government conclude and
implement investment agreements on its own with foreign states and regions; in
principle the bilateral investment agreements concluded by the Central
People’s Government are not applicable to [Macau], unless the opinion of the
Special Administrative Region Government has been sought, and separate
arrangements have been made after consultation with the contracting party.

In view of the foregoing, [the PRC-Laos BIT] concluded in Vientiane on 31
January 1993 is not applicable to [Macau] unless both China and Laos make
separate arrangements in the future.

We avail ourselves of this opportunity to express to you the assurances of our
highest consideration.

41 Mr Yeo contends that the _Ladd v Marshall_ conditions are applicable here
(or, in the alternative, relevant) and that the plaintiff has not satisfied
any of the conditions for the admission of the Two Letters. In particular, Mr
Yeo contends that Laos could have but did not obtain the Two Letters with
reasonable diligence and that there was no evidence of any communications
between the two countries even though Laos claimed that it was reaching out to
the PRC government a year ago in April 2013.

42 At the hearing before me, Mr Yeo raised doubts as to the authenticity and
credibility of the PRC Letter as there was no reference to the author’s
department or designation and there was no indication that a PRC governmental
entity was involved in its preparation. He also mentioned that the translation
provided by the plaintiff was suspicious because the PRC national emblem that
appeared in the second letter was also affixed to the translation.

Whether the Ladd v Marshall principles apply

43 The _Ladd v Marshall_ principles do not strictly apply in this application.
Section 37(4) of the Supreme Court of Judicature Act (Cap 322, 2007 Rev Ed)
states that the Court of Appeal should not receive further evidence, except in
relation to an interlocutory order, unless there are “special grounds” (see
also O 57 r 13 of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2014 Rev Ed)). The
expression, “special grounds”, has been judicially interpreted to mean the
three conditions of _Ladd v Marshall_ (see the Court of Appeal’s decision in
_Lassiter Ann Masters v To Keng Lam (alias Toh Jeanette)_ [2004] 2 SLR(R) 392
(“ _Lassiter Ann Masters_ ”) at [22]). I note that there is no equivalent
provision for an originating summons commenced in the High Court or, more
specifically, in relation to a review by the High Court of a jurisdictional
ruling under s 10 of the IAA.

44 However, a party does not in my view have a full unconditional power to
adduce fresh evidence at will. As observed in _Lassiter Ann Masters_ at [26],
the court has discretion whether to admit such evidence and reasonable
conditions must be set. In exercising this discretion, I thought it
appropriate to refer to the three conditions of the _Ladd v Marshall_ test,
with a slightly less stringent first condition (see _Lassiter Ann Masters_ at
[24]). Applying these conditions, fresh evidence may be admitted if:

(a) the party seeking to admit the evidence demonstrates sufficiently strong
reasons why the evidence was not adduced at the arbitration hearing;

(b) the evidence if admitted would probably have an important influence on the
result of the case though it need not be decisive; and

(c) the evidence must be apparently credible though it need not be
incontrovertible.

45 In relation to the first modified _Ladd v Marshall_ condition, Mr Bull’s
argument is essentially that the diplomatic communications between PRC and
Laos took time and effort to bear fruit and the Two Letters could not have
been produced at an earlier date. Mr Yeo on the other hand argues that Laos
could have obtained a response from the PRC government much earlier since it
only took two days for the PRC government to respond to the Laos Letter. Mr
Yeo further submits that the plaintiff was entirely silent on their efforts to
obtain the Two Letters between April 2013 when the intention to challenge the
Tribunal’s challenge was made by the plaintiff and the issuance of the
arbitral award in December 2013.

46 Mr David J Branson, counsel for the plaintiff in the arbitration
proceedings, sent an email dated 19 April 2013 to the Tribunal explaining the
plaintiff’s position on various procedural issues in the arbitration. It was
also stated in the email that[note: 14]:

Further the Government is having difficulty reconstructing the history of the
[PRC-Laos BIT]. It is also reaching out to the PRC through diplomatic
channels, but it is difficult to know how quickly there can be a response. It
would be important to have the PRC view if it can be obtained.

The Laos Letter dated 7 January 2014 (see [39] above) made reference to two
prior meetings between high-ranking officials of the plaintiff and the PRC
government on 27 December 2013 and 3 January 2014.[note: 15]

47 While Mr Yeo is technically correct to point out that not much was said
after the 19 April 2013 email, I do not think that the plaintiff had a
continuing duty to update the Tribunal on whether its efforts to reach out to
PRC through diplomatic channels had borne any fruit. Leaving aside the issue
of credibility of the Two Letters which I shall come to at [51] below, I would
infer from the two meetings mentioned in the 7 January 2014 letter that the
plaintiff must have engaged in some form of diplomatic communications or
discussions in the period of time leading up to the meetings.

48 In addition, I am unable to agree with Mr Yeo’s assertion that the short
time it took the PRC government to respond to the Laos Letter was evidence
that the PRC Letter could have been obtained much earlier. This assertion
places undue emphasis on the Two Letters themselves when the circumstances
leading up to the Two Letters must be looked at in its entirety. In my
judgment, the Two Letters should be viewed as the culmination of
communications and meetings between the plaintiff and the PRC government which
undoubtedly took some time. Moreover, the Two Letters constitute evidence that
could possibly have been used in the plaintiff’s favour in the arbitration
proceedings. It thus seems to me highly unlikely that the plaintiff
intentionally dragged out the entire process of obtaining the Two Letters to
their own detriment.

49 Reviewing the entire circumstances leading up to the Two Letters including
19 April 2013 email, the two meetings in December 2013 and January 2014 as
well as the Two Letters themselves, I accept the plaintiff’s explanation that
time was needed for diplomatic communications and discussions to take place
between the plaintiff and the PRC government. It seems to me that the
plaintiff could have perhaps _tried_ to obtain the Two Letters earlier but
there was no evidence before me to suggest that they _would_ have obtained the
letters earlier had they done so. I am also mindful that the first condition
of the modified _Ladd v Marshall_ test is to be applied in a less stringent
fashion on the facts of the present application (see [44] above). On balance
therefore, I find that the first requirement has been satisfied.

50 The second requirement of whether the Two Letters would probably have an
important influence on the result of this application can be dealt with
briefly. I think they do have an important influence because they are
indicative of the parties’ intentions in drafting the PRC-Laos BIT and this
goes towards answering the central question of whether the PRC-Laos BIT
applied to Macau. The Two Letters are also relevant in determining whether
under Art 29 of the Vienna Convention on the Law of Treaties 1969 (“VCLT”) and
Art 15(b) of the Vienna Convention on the Succession of States in respect of
Treaties 1978 (“VCST”) it is “otherwise established” that the PRC-Laos BIT
does not apply to Macau. In deciding whether to admit the Two Letters, I do
not have to make a conclusive determination on the numerous issues raised by
the defendant – all I had to decide was whether, if admitted, the Two Letters
would _probably_ have an important influence on the result of this
application. Therefore, in my view, the second requirement is satisfied as
well.

51 I turn to the final requirement of whether the Two Letters are apparently
credible.

52 I first address Mr Yeo’s submissions regarding the translation of the PRC
Letter. In my judgment, there is nothing suspicious or sinister about the
appearance of the PRC emblem in the plaintiff’s translation of the second
letter. It is the _text_ of the translation that is of relevance to the
present dispute and I do not think there is any contention on the part of the
defendant that the translation provided by the plaintiff was inaccurate or
incorrect. Indeed, as pointed out by Mr Bull, there is no material difference
between the translations furnished by the two parties.

53 Mr Yeo also raises doubts as to the authenticity and credibility of the PRC
Letter because there is no mention of the author’s designation and no record
of the author’s signature in the letter. The response time of two days,
according to Mr Yeo, suggests that no consultation with any PRC governmental
authority was undertaken.

54 With respect, there is simply no evidence to support Mr Yeo’s submission
that no consultation took place. His view is premised on a certain subjective
opinion of standard diplomatic practice which has not been substantiated by
factual or expert evidence. I certainly do not think either Mr Yeo or Sir
Daniel is an expert on PRC diplomatic practice and they were not holding
themselves out to be experts in that field.

55 More importantly, Mr Alounkeo Kittikhoun, Laos’ Vice-Minister for Foreign
Affairs, has filed an affidavit attesting to the authenticity of the Two
Letters[note: 16] and I have no reason to doubt the authenticity or veracity
of Mr Kittikhoun’s affidavit.

56 In the circumstances, I think that the Two Letters satisfied the
requirement of apparent credibility as well as the two other requirements
discussed above and accordingly admitted them.

Issue 1: Whether the PRC-Laos BIT applies to Macau

57 The focus of the parties’ submissions was on the central issue of whether
the PRC-Laos BIT applies to Macau.

58 Both parties are agreed that Art 29 of the VCLT and Art 15 of the VCST are
relevant in determining whether the PRC-Laos BIT applies to Macau.

59 Art 29 of the VCLT enshrines the “moving treaty frontiers” rule and
provides as follows:

_Article 29_ Territorial Scope of Treaties

Unless a different intention _appears from the treaty or is otherwise
established_ , a treaty is _binding upon each party in respect of its entire
territory_.

[emphasis added]

Art 15 of the VCST states:

_Article 15_

_Succession in respect of part of territory_

When part of the territory of a State, or when any territory for the
international relations of which a State is responsible, not being part of the
territory of that State, becomes part of the territory of another State:

(_a_) treaties of the predecessor State cease to be in force in respect of the
territory to which the succession of States relates from the date of the
succession of States; and

(_b_) treaties of the successor State are in force in respect of the territory
to which the succession of States relates from the date of the succession of
States, unless it _appears from the treaty or is otherwise established_ that
the application of the treaty to that territory would be incompatible with the
object and purpose of the treaty or would radically change the conditions for
its operation.

[emphasis added]

60 It is pertinent to note that although the PRC and Laos are parties to the
VCLT, they are _not_ parties to the VCST. Nevertheless, the parties are agreed
that both articles are rules of customary international law.

61 The effect of Art 29 of the VCLT and Art 15 of the VCST is that a treaty is
binding on the entire territory of each contracting state unless it (a)
appears from the treaty; or (b) is otherwise established that the contracting
states had intended otherwise. I note that Art 15 of the VCST is more specific
in that the object and purpose of the treaty would also be considered.

62 On the present facts, the PRC-Laos BIT is _prima facie_ applicable to the
entire territories of Laos and the PRC which undisputedly includes Macau
unless it appears from the treaty or is otherwise established that the
contracting states had intended otherwise.

63 There is no dispute that the general rule applies and the submissions of
the parties are primarily directed at the two exceptions to the rule. I should
mention at the outset that it is difficult to see any credible basis for the
first exception, _viz_ , that a contrary intention _appears from the treaty_
because the PRC-Laos BIT is silent on whether it applies to Macau. It does not
state positively that the treaty applies to Macau; nor does it exclude Macau
from its scope of application (_cf_ the PRC-Russia BIT signed in 2006
discussed at [79] below). I therefore agree with the Tribunal’s conclusion
that “no definite conclusion” can be drawn from the silence in the PRC-Laos
BIT.[note: 17]

64 The plaintiff submits that the first exception has been established. They
argue that the Two Letters establish a subsequent agreement within the meaning
of Art 31(3)(_a_) of the VCLT which provides:

Article 31 General Rule of Interpretation

…

3\. There shall be taken into account, together with the context:

(_a_) Any subsequent agreement between the parties regarding the
interpretation of the treaty or the application of its provisions;

…

I think this submission should properly be analysed under the second exception
because even if there were a subsequent agreement showing that the contracting
states did not intend for the treaty to apply to Macau, this would not
constitute a contrary intention that appears _from the treaty_. I therefore
considered this submission as well as the rest of the parties’ submissions on
the various documents under the second exception instead.

65 Various international instruments, documents and academic writings were
tendered by parties to support their respective cases. I shall discuss them in
the following order to determine whether the second exception has been
fulfilled, _ie_ , whether it has been otherwise established that the PRC-Laos
BIT does not apply to Macau:

(a) the Two Letters;

(b) other BITs;

(c) the 1987 PRC-Portugal Joint Declaration;

(d) the 1999 Note to the UNSG (“the 1999 Note”);

(e) the analogy to be drawn with Hong Kong; and

(f) the World Trade Organisation Trade Policy Report (“the WTO Trade Policy
Report”).

66 In the course of discussing the various documents listed above, I shall
also be referring to the opinions of the parties’ experts as well as academic
writings tendered by the parties.

The Two Letters

67 I note as a preliminary point that the Two Letters were not available for
the Tribunal’s consideration because they were only obtained after the
Tribunal had handed down its award. This sequence of events was unfortunate
because the Tribunal lamented at [232] of its award[note: 18] that they did
not have very much to go on in terms of evidence:

A first remark to be made by the Tribunal is the difficulty it faced in
ascertaining the application or non-application of the PRC/Laos BIT to [Macau]
due to the paucity of factual elements presented by the Parties: there were no
affidavits from the PRC, Laos or [Macau], which could probably have been
obtained from the respective authorities.

68 I have already set out the full text of the Two Letters above at [39]–[40].
Mr Yeo contends that the Two Letters are irrelevant as a matter of
international law because the plaintiff is seeking to admit them after
proceedings had been commenced on 14 August 2012, _ie_ , the critical date.
According to Mr Yeo and the defendant’s expert, Professor Shan, it is the PRC
government’s intent at the moment of _handover_ that is relevant and their
intent _today_ is of no relevance.[note: 19]

69 However, this contention seems to ignore Art 31(3)(_a_) of the VCLT which
allows subsequent agreements between the parties regarding the interpretation
of the treaty or the application of its provisions to be taken into account.
The defendant’s response in its written submissions is that there was in fact
no evidence that the relevant PRC authority was involved in the PRC Letter. In
substance, this argument goes towards the credibility of the PRC Letter which
already has been addressed above at [51].

70 In my judgment, the Two Letters signify an agreement under Art 31(3)(_a_)
of the VCLT between PRC and Laos that the PRC-Laos BIT does not apply to
Macau.

71 The High Court in _Review Publishing_ faced a similar issue. The question
that arose before Sundaresh Menon JC (as he then was) was whether the Treaty
on Judicial Assistance in Civil and Commercial Matters between the Republic of
Singapore and the People’s Republic of China (28 April 1997), GN No T2/2001,
Bilateral Treaty No B459 (ratified by Singapore 29 April 1998) (“the
Singapore-PRC JAT”) applied to Hong Kong.

72 In holding that the Singapore-PRC JAT did not apply to Hong Kong, Menon JC
relied on a letter from the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, Singapore (“the MFA”)
which stated that the Hong Kong Department of Justice had confirmed that the
Singapore-PRC JAT treaty was not applicable to Hong Kong. He went on to hold
(at [124]) that the views of the MFA and the Hong Kong Department of Justice
weighed strongly in favour of the respondent’s position that the Singapore-PRC
JAT treaty did not apply to Hong Kong.

73 Mr Yeo raises a series of objections to the application of Art 31(3)(_a_)
of the VCLT and the characterisation of the Two Letters as a subsequent
agreement. He first argues that the PRC Letter is at best a statement on the
interpretation and effect of Art 138 of the Macau Basic Law and “has nothing
to do with the interpretation of the PRC-Laos BIT under international
law”[note: 20].

74 This argument is without merit. To begin with, Art 138 is not even
mentioned in the Two Letters. The Laos Letter states that the Basic Law of
Macau is _one_ of the reasons for the non-applicability of the PRC-Laos BIT to
Macau. The other reasons include the policy of one country, two systems and
the constitutional and legal framework of PRC. In response, the PRC Letter
refers to the Laos Letter and states that bilateral investment agreements
concluded by PRC are not applicable to Macau. In other words, Mr Yeo has
conflated the agreement reached between the contracting states with the
_reasons_ furnished for that agreement. Reading the Two Letters as a whole, it
is clear that there is an agreement between PRC and Laos that the PRC-Laos BIT
does not apply to Macau.

75 Mr Yeo also argues in his written submissions that fairness and due process
militate against the consideration of the Two Letters. He further argues that
if the wording in the PRC Letter was taken as indicative of the PRC’s intent
regarding the application of PRC BITs to Macau, this would deprive Macanese
investors and foreign investors in Macau of the protections of nearly 130 PRC
BITs and disrupt a stable legal framework for investment.

76 I note that the High Court in _Review Publishing_ did not think that any
unfairness or lack of due process would result from taking into consideration
the MFA letter that was obtained after proceedings had begun. This however is
not conclusive since this argument may not have been taken up by the parties
there. Nevertheless, I do not think it is entirely clear how unfairness or
lack of due process would result in the light of Art 31(3)(_a_) of the VCLT
which allows subsequent agreements to be taken into account. If Art 31(3)(_a_)
is of general application to most treaties, then parties relying on the
provisions of BITs would be forewarned that subsequent agreements could
potentially affect the interpretation of the treaty provisions. In any case,
the PRC government would have been fully aware of the implications of their
opinion as stated in the PRC Letter especially since it was worded in
_general_ terms. This categorical approach suggests to me that the position
adopted in the letter was a confirmation of the status quo rather than a
dramatic upheaval of the current expectations held by states which have
treaties with PRC.

77 In my judgment, the Two Letters did not amount to a _retroactive_ agreement
that altered the positions and expectations of third parties such as the
defendant. From the way that the PRC Letter was worded, it appears that the
non-applicability of the PRC-Laos BIT to Macau was not a dramatic change of
position but was rather an affirmation of the common understanding between the
states that the treaty from its inception did not apply to Macau.

78 The Two Letters therefore strongly support the plaintiff’s claim that the
PRC-Laos BIT did not apply to Macau.

Other BITs

79 The defendant also relies on cl 1 of the PRC-Russia BIT concluded in 2006
which specifically excludes Hong Kong and Macau from its application. In the
absence of any such exclusionary clause in the PRC-Laos BIT, the defendant
argues that the treaty was intended to apply to Macau. Even though Macau was
not part of the territory of the PRC in 1993 when the PRC-Laos BIT was signed
(as opposed to the situation in 2006), the defendant submits that the parties
were well aware that Macau would be handed over to PRC in 1999 according to
the terms of the 1987 PRC-Portugal Joint Declaration.

80 In my judgment, the absence of an express exclusion for Macau post-handover
does _not_ lead inevitably to the conclusion that the PRC-Laos BIT must apply
to Macau. As pointed out by the Tribunal, while the imminent handover was well
known to both the PRC and Laos[note: 21], they may have thought it unnecessary
to exclude Macau because the PRC did not at that time exercise sovereignty
over Macau.[note: 22]

81 The plaintiff also argues that the PRC and Laos may not have considered it
necessary to expressly state in the PRC-Laos BIT that its provisions do not
apply to Macau because there was a common understanding between them that the
treaty did not extend to Macau.[note: 23] To support this view the plaintiff
cites the Two Letters as evidence of this common understanding. I am inclined
to accept this contention. As I have already made observations on the Two
Letters above at [67]–[78], I need not repeat them here.

82 To conclude, the PRC-Russia BIT does not advance either party’s case in any
meaningful way.

83 I turn now to four other BITs which were cited by the Tribunal, namely, the
PRC-Portugal BIT, the PRC-Netherlands BIT, the Macau-Portugal BIT and the
Macau-Netherlands BIT. The Tribunal found that the provisions in these BITs
were very similar to that found in the PRC-Laos BIT.[note: 24] In particular,
the Tribunal found that the articles on the settlement of investment disputes
are the substantially the same. The Tribunal opined that these similarities
tend to prove that the rules of the PRC-Laos BIT were compatible with their
application in Macau and there was no need to reject them for their
incompatibility with the capitalist economic system. The defendant aligned
itself with the Tribunal’s opinion by arguing that allowing Macanese investors
to benefit from both sets of BITs would enhance the object and purpose of
BITs.[note: 25]

84 In response, the plaintiff raises Art 1 of the Mexico-PRC BIT which defines
the territory of the PRC. According to the plaintiff, this definition is
virtually identical with that found in the PRC-Netherlands BIT. However, the
Mexico-PRC BIT contains a footnote which states that the governments of Hong
Kong and Macau can separately negotiate and enter into BITs with Mexico. This,
so the argument goes, would have been entirely unnecessary if the Mexico-PRC
BIT automatically applies to Hong Kong and Macau.

85 The flaw in the plaintiff’s reasoning is that the footnote is strictly
speaking irrelevant to the issue of whether the PRC-Laos BIT applies to Macau.
It does not suggest, one way or the other, whether the Mexico-PRC BIT applies
to Macau. Consider the following two scenarios. In the first, the Mexico-PRC
BIT applies to Macau. The footnote would then be a confirmation of Macau’s
right to enter into _additional_ BITs with Mexico just as Macau has entered
into BITs with Portugal and Netherlands even though the PRC already has
parallel treaties with those countries. In the second alternative scenario
where the Mexico-PRC BIT does _not_ apply to Macau, this does not prevent
Macau from entering into its own BITs with Mexico. In short, the citation of
the footnote in the Mexico-PRC BIT by the plaintiff does not advance their
case in any way.

86 In a similar vein, I do not think any definitive conclusions can be drawn
from the existence of the four parallel BITs. While it is undoubtedly correct
to conclude that investors would benefit from overlapping protections
contained in separate BITs signed by the PRC and Macau, this conclusion does
not answer the logically anterior question of whether the BITs signed by PRC
apply to Macau. It could well be the case that the Macau government thought it
fit to enter into separate BITs because the BITs signed by PRC did _not_ apply
to Macau. It might also be the case that very similar provisions were found in
the BITs Macau entered into because Macau had wanted to as far as possible
enjoy the same protections obtained by the PRC with third countries. In short,
the four parallel BITs with very similar provisions do not point towards the
conclusion that the PRC-Laos BIT applies to Macau.

87 There is one final point before I move on to the next piece of evidence. In
its written submissions, the plaintiff argued that the fact that Macau can
enter into BITs in its own capacity does _not_ demonstrate in any way that
treaties entered into by the PRC Government were applicable to Macau.[note:
26] I agree that no definite conclusion may be drawn from the mere fact of
Macau’s powers to enter treaties in its own capacity. In a hypothetical
scenario where Macau was unable to negotiate its own BITs, then this would
suggest that the PRC’s BITs would apply to Macau. However, the converse is not
necessarily true. According to Art 136 of its Basic Law, Macau is able to
negotiate and enter into its own BITs. I recognise that this does not
automatically lead to the conclusion that the PRC’s BITs do not apply to
Macau, although it does seem to indicate to a limited extent that the PRC’s
treaties do not apply to Macau.

88 To conclude, the other BITs are of limited utility in determining the
central question whether the PRC-Laos BIT applies to Macau. However, Macau’s
ability to negotiate and enter into its own BITs tends to suggest to a limited
extent that the PRC’s treaties do not apply to Macau.

The 1987 PRC-Portugal Joint Declaration

89 As mentioned at [5] above, Art 2 of the 1987 PRC-Portugal Joint Declaration
affirms PRC’s one country, two systems principle. Clause VIII of Annex I
elaborates on Macau’s treaty-making powers and the applicability to Macau of
PRC’s international agreements in the following terms:

VIII

Subject to the principle that foreign affairs are the responsibility of [PRC’s
government], [Macau] may on its own … maintain and develop relations and
conclude and implement agreements with states, regions and relevant
international or regional organizations in the appropriate fields …

The application to [Macau] of international agreements to which [PRC] is or
becomes a party shall be decided by [PRC’s government], in accordance with the
circumstances of each case and needs of [Macau] and after seeking the views of
the [Macau government]. …

90 According to the international law expert for the plaintiff, Professor
Simon Chesterman, the 1987 PRC-Portugal Joint Declaration suggests that the
PRC government may at a future date decide whether the PRC-Laos BIT should
apply to Macau.[note: 27] Prof Chesterman went on to opine that the PRC Letter
is a confirmation that the process for extending the PRC-Laos BIT to Macau has
not taken place.[note: 28]

91 The main rebuttal presented by the international law expert for the
defendant, Sir Daniel, is that the 1987 PRC-Portugal Joint Declaration is a
treaty between the PRC and Portugal that is only binding on them and it cannot
therefore create rights or duties for other states such as Laos.[note: 29] Sir
Daniel also suggests that the joint declaration is in the nature of a
statement regarding the PRC’s internal constitutional arrangements with Macau
and therefore “calls to mind” Art 27 of the VCLT which states “a party may not
invoke the provisions of its internal law as justification for its failure to
perform a treaty”.[note: 30]

92 With respect, Sir Daniel’s objections miss the point. The plaintiff is not
relying on the 1987 PRC-Portugal Joint Declaration to enforce the rights
contained therein. The plaintiff is only relying on the declaration as
evidence of the PRC’s intention that the PRC-Laos BIT does not apply to Macau.
In my opinion, the plaintiff is entitled to do so. There was also no evidence
before me to suggest that the PRC had taken measures to extend the scope of
the PRC-Laos BIT to Macau. All this pointed towards the conclusion that the
PRC-Laos BIT does not extend to Macau.

93 I would add that Art 27 of the VCLT had no application to the facts at
hand. The plaintiff is not seeking to invoke the articles of the 1987 PRC-
Portugal Joint Declaration to justify its failure to perform the PRC-Laos BIT.
In fact, the defendant has not identified any particular provision of the PRC-
Laos BIT that has been breached by the plaintiff because the question before
me is a conceptually distinct one: does the PRC-Laos BIT apply to Macau?
Hence, I have no hesitation in concluding that Art 27 did not apply here.

The 1999 Note

94 The next piece of evidence that the plaintiff relies on is the 1999 Note.
The gist of the note is recorded in a document entitled “Multilateral Treaties
deposited with the Secretary-General”[note: 31]. The 1999 Note makes reference
to the 1987 PRC-Portugal Joint Declaration and lists treaties that are
applicable to Macau. It goes on to state that[note: 32]:

IV. With respect to other treaties that are not listed in the Annexes to this
Note, to which [PRC] is or will become a Party, the Government of [PRC] will
go through separately the necessary formalities for their application to
[Macau] if it is so decided.

95 While the absence of the PRC-Laos BIT in the annexes to the 1999 Note may
suggest at first blush that the treaty does not apply to Macau, this
suggestion is untenable in the light of the fact that only multilateral
treaties are listed in the note. The PRC-Laos BIT, being a bilateral treaty,
would not have been listed by the PRC in the 1999 Note in any event because it
is simply not a multilateral treaty.

96 The plaintiff attempts to overcome this obstacle by asserting that PRC’s
overall approach to multilateral and bilateral treaties with respect to Hong
Kong and Macau were the same[note: 33] and that “great pains” were taken to
ensure that the international legal position of both Hong Kong and Macau would
remain largely unchanged.

97 This contention was not substantiated by reference to authorities either in
the plaintiff’s written submissions or the second affidavit of Prof
Chesterman. Even if I accept for the sake of argument that the PRC had adopted
such a policy, it is not clear to me whether that policy would have been
served by taking the same stance with respect to multilateral and bilateral
treaties. It is also not clear whether the application of PRC’s treaties to
Macau would advance or undermine the PRC’s alleged policy to preserve the
legal status quo of Macau.

98 Accordingly, I am unable to place any weight on the 1999 Note for the
purposes of determining whether the PRC-Laos BIT applies to Macau.

The Hong Kong analogy

99 Prof Chesterman noted that the international legal position regarding the
application of the PRC’s treaties to Hong Kong is similar to that for Macau.
He cited the 1984 PRC-UK Joint Declaration, which, like the 1987 PRC-Portugal
Joint Declaration, provided that the application of PRC’s treaties to Hong
Kong would be decided by PRC government in accordance with the needs of Hong
Kong and after seeking the views of the Hong Kong government.[note: 34] Prof
Chesterman also cited two articles to support his view that the clear
assumption was that PRC’s bilateral treaties would _not_ apply to Hong
Kong.[note: 35]

100 Sir Daniel’s response was that Prof Chesterman did not address the issue
of whether PRC’s treaties applied to Hong Kong after the 1997 handover. He
also pointed out that it did not follow from Hong Kong’s independent treaty-
making competence that PRC’s treaties do not apply to Hong Kong.[note: 36]
Broadly speaking, Sir Daniel did not think that the arrangements with respect
to Hong Kong apply equally to Macau.[note: 37]

101 I note parenthetically that although Sir Daniel was previously in the
employ of the UK Foreign & Commonwealth Office as its Principal Legal Adviser,
he did not express an opinion on the UK’s position regarding the 1987 PRC-
Portugal Joint Declaration or whether the BIT between the PRC and the UK
applies to Hong Kong and/or Macau. This was perhaps unfortunate because an
explanation of the UK’s position in those respects would have been helpful in
determining the issue at hand.

102 Returning to Sir Daniel’s response, I do not think that the Hong Kong
experience is entirely irrelevant to the present application. I make two
observations in this regard.

103 First, identical wording was used in both the 1984 PRC-UK Joint
Declaration and the 1987 PRC-Portugal Joint Declaration in relation to the
applicability of PRC’s treaties to Hong Kong and Macau respectively. Clause XI
of Annex I of the 1984 PRC-UK Joint Declaration states:

The application to [Hong Kong] of international agreements to which [PRC] is
or becomes a party shall be decided by the [PRC government], in accordance
with the circumstances and needs of the [Hong Kong], and after seeking the
views of the [Hong Kong government].

Clause VIII of Annex I of the 1987 PRC-Portugal Joint Declaration states:

The application to [Macau] of international agreements to which [PRC] is or
becomes a party shall be decided by the [PRC government], in accordance with
the circumstances and needs of [Macau] and after seeking the views of the
[Macau government].

104 Second, the work of the Joint Liaison Group for Hong Kong (“the JLG”) in
negotiating and concluding bilateral agreements on behalf of Hong Kong during
the period leading up to the 1997 handover suggests that PRC’s treaties would
not automatically apply to Hong Kong. If the converse were true, _ie_ , if
PRC’s treaties had automatically applied to Hong Kong, it would not have been
necessary for the JLG to negotiate and conclude bilateral agreements for Hong
Kong in a number of areas, including that of investment promotion and
protection. It therefore seems that the prevailing underlying assumption at
the time leading up to the handover was that PRC’s treaties would not apply to
Hong Kong after the handover. This conclusion is supported by an article
written in 1997 by the outgoing Attorney-General of Hong Kong, Mr J F
Mathews[note: 38] and a 2005 speech by Hong Kong’s Secretary for Justice, Mr
Wong Yan Lung SC[note: 39].

105 I accept that nothing in the arrangements made by PRC and the UK
concerning Hong Kong can be regarded as _conclusive_ of the arrangements made
by PRC and Portugal regarding Macau. However, the identical wording found in
the two joint declarations and the approach taken by the Hong Kong Joint
Liaison Group suggest that PRC is likely to have adopted the same approach
towards Hong Kong and Macau. In other words, the approach and arrangements
made with respect to Hong Kong was likely to have been used as a model for
Macau. I would note in this regard that the Basic Law for both Hong Kong and
Macau are similar in many aspects, and this also supports my view that the
approach that was taken for Hong Kong was the same as that for Macau.

106 Consequently, the PRC was likely to have been of the view that their
treaties would not automatically apply to Macau after the 1997 handover and
the Hong Kong experience is to that extent relevant to the determination of
the central question in the present case.

The 2001 WTO Trade Policy Report

107 Mr Bull clarified at the hearing before me that the Tribunal did not
consider this particular document because it was not adduced in the arbitral
proceedings. The Secretariat of the World Trade Organization periodically
prepares trade policy reviews in which member countries’ trade and related
policies are examined and evaluated. The plaintiff relies on the 2001 WTO
Trade Policy Report on Macau which states at paragraph 27 that[note: 40]:

27 In 1999, [Macau] signed a double taxation agreement with Portugal … [Macau]
also signed a bilateral agreement on investment protection with Portugal …
_[Macau] has no other bilateral investment treaties or bilateral tax
treaties_.

[emphasis added]

Relying on the above extract, Prof Chesterman opines that the BITs entered
into by PRC do not automatically apply to Macau.[note: 41]

108 In contrast, Sir Daniel interpreted the emphasised sentence in the extract
to mean that Macau had _concluded_ no other BITs or bilateral tax
treaties.[note: 42] The defendant also tendered the 2007 and 2013 editions of
the WTO Trade Policy Report on Macau which do not contain the emphasised
sentence in the extract from the preceding paragraph.

109 After carefully reviewing the various editions of the WTO reports, I am of
the view that the reports have some bearing on the issue of whether the PRC-
Laos BIT applies to Macau although the report is by no means conclusive. If
the PRC-Laos BIT had indeed applied to Macau, it is unlikely that an
unequivocal statement to the contrary (see [107] above) would have found its
way into a report issued by a reputable organisation such as the WTO. Having
said that, I am aware that the 2001 report explored a wide range of issues and
was probably not intended to express a conclusive view on the _legal_ issue of
whether the PRC-Laos BIT applies to Macau. In the circumstances, the 2001
report suggests to a limited extent that the PRC-Laos BIT does not apply to
Laos.

Conclusion on Issue 1

110 Weighing the evidence cited above in the round, I arrive at the conclusion
that the plaintiff has established on a balance of probabilities that the PRC-
Laos BIT does not apply to Macau.

111 The Tribunal reached the opposite conclusion by relying on the default
application of the general rule found in Art 29 VCLT and Art 15 VCST that a
treaty is binding on the entire territory of each contracting state. They
found that a different intention had not been otherwise established by the
evidence. In my view, there was sufficient evidence to rebut the general rule
that the PRC-Laos BIT applies to Macau, even if one was restricted only to the
evidence that was placed before the Tribunal. With the introduction of the Two
Letters and the 2001 report in the present proceedings, the conclusion that
the PRC-Laos BIT does not apply to Macau becomes all the more clear, and I
decide accordingly.

Issue 2: Whether the defendant’s expropriation claims fall outside the scope
of Art 8(3) of the PRC-Laos BIT

112 In view of my decision on Issue 1 that the PRC-Laos BIT does not apply to
Macau, it is not necessary for me to rule on Issue 2. However, since counsel
for both parties have made full submissions on this issue, I set out below my
brief views on the same.

113 The investor protection clause of the PRC-Laos BIT can be found in Art 4
which states:

1\. Neither Contracting State shall expropriate, nationalize or take similar
measures (hereinafter referred to as “expropriation”) against investments of
investors of the other Contracting state in its territory, unless the
following conditions are met:

a. as necessitated by the public interest;

b. in accordance with domestic legal procedures;

c. without discrimination;

d. against appropriate and effective compensation;

2\. The compensation mentioned in paragraph 1 (d) of this Article shall be
equivalent to the value of the expropriated investments at the time when
expropriation is proclaimed, be convertible and freely transferable. The
compensation shall be paid without unreasonable delay.

114 The following paragraphs of Art 8 of the PRC-Laos BIT are also the subject
of much contention between the parties:

Article 8

1\. Any dispute between an investor of one Contracting State and the other
Contracting State in connection with an investment in the territory of the
other Contracting State shall, as far as possible, be settled amicably through
negotiation between the parties to the dispute.

2\. If the dispute cannot be settled through negotiation within six months,
either party to the dispute shall be entitled to submit the dispute to the
competent court of the Contracting State accepting the investment.

3\. If a dispute _involving_ the amount of compensation for expropriation
cannot be settled through negotiation within six months as specified in
paragraph 1 of this Article, it may be submitted at the request of either
party to an _ad hoc arbitral tribunal_. The provisions of this paragraph shall
not apply if the investor concerned has resorted to the procedure specified in
the paragraph 2 of this Article.

[emphasis added]

115 The Tribunal interpreted the word “involving” in Art 8(3) broadly to mean
“include” or “wrap” and considered it to be inclusionary rather than
exclusionary. It reasoned that if the parties had intended to limit the
jurisdiction of the Tribunal exclusively to disputes on the amount of
compensation, other terms such as “limited to” would have been used. On the
contrary, the plaintiff contends that the ordinary meaning of the word
“involve” can also mean “imply” or “entail” and this interpretation would,
according to them, be more consistent with the words “amount of compensation
for expropriation”.

116 Before delving into an analysis of the word “involving” in Art 8(3), I
should first set out the broader context of Arts 4 and 8 of the PRC-Laos BIT.

117 Article 4 lists four conjunctive conditions that would take a contracting
state outside the definition of expropriation. The fourth condition is
“appropriate and effective” compensation and Art 4(2) elaborates on the
elements of appropriate and effective compensation.

118 Article 8 provides a framework for resolving disputes between PRC and
Laos. Negotiation is the first port of call under Art 8(1). If the dispute
cannot be resolved through negotiation after six months, either party is
“entitled” to refer the dispute to the courts of the state accepting the
investment under Art 8(2). A dispute involving the amount of compensation for
expropriation may also be referred by either party to arbitration under Art
8(3) although this option is only available if Art 8(2) is not invoked.

119 Since the ordinary meaning of the word “involving” and the broader context
of Arts 4 and 8 are generally unable to provide much guidance on the way it
should be interpreted, I turn to the decision of _Tza Yap Shum v Republic of
Peru_ , Case No ARB/07/06, Decision on Jurisdiction and Competence (ICSID 19
June 2009)[note: 43] (“ _Tza Yap Shum_ ”) which has been cited by both
parties. In that case, Mr Tza Yap Shum submitted a request for arbitration
against the Republic of Peru (“Peru”), claiming that the Peruvian Tax
Authorities had violated certain provisions of the PRC-Peru BIT (“the PRC-Peru
BIT”). Peru filed several jurisdictional objections, including one based on
Art 8(3) of the PRC-Peru BIT, an article which was similar in all material
aspects to Art 8(3) of the PRC-Laos BIT.

120 The tribunal there referred to the dictionary meaning of the word
“involve” and held that it meant “to enfold, envelope, entangle, include”.
According to the tribunal, a _bona fide_ interpretation of these words
indicated that the only requirement was that the dispute must _include_ the
determination of the amount of compensation, and not that the dispute must be
restricted to the amount of compensation (at [151]). The tribunal further held
that it might be assumed from the preamble of the PRC-Peru BIT that the
purpose of allowing the parties to submit certain disputes to ICSID
arbitration was to promote investments (at [153]). It was also held that a
restrictive interpretation of the word “involving” would mean that the
investor would never have access to arbitration (at [154]). In coming to its
conclusion, the tribunal noted that variations of the phrase “disputes
involving the amount of compensation for expropriation” have been included in
various treaties since the 1980s and that the phrase reflects “a certain
degree of distrust or ideological unconformity on the part of communist
regimes regarding investment of private capital as well as a “concern about
the decisions of international tribunals on matters such regimes are not
familiar with and over which they have no control” (at [145]).

121 On balance, I am of the view that the phrase, “a dispute involving the
amount of compensation” in Art 8(3) of the PRC-Laos BIT should be given a
restrictive meaning, _viz_ , disputes limited to the amount of compensation
for expropriation. First, the word “involve” is also capable of being
interpreted restrictively to mean imply, entail or make necessary[note: 44].
The specific wording of the phrase, “amount of compensation for expropriation”
in Art 8(3), when compared with the broad wording of the phrase “any dispute
in connection with an investment” in Art 8(1), suggests that a more
restrictive meaning was intended for the phrase in Art 8(3). Put another way,
the PRC and Laos could have used the phrase, “a dispute in connection with an
investment” for consistency with the phrasing in Art 8(1) if they had truly
intended for an arbitral tribunal to have a broad jurisdiction on all aspects
of an expropriation dispute and it is of some significance that they chose not
to do so.

122 Second, the reasoning in _Tza Yap Shum_ is problematic. The tribunal
concluded that an investor would never have access to arbitration if Art 8(3)
was read restrictively to only refer to disputes on the amount of
compensation. This is simply not correct. Limiting an arbitral tribunal’s
jurisdiction to a dispute which only concerns the amount of compensation for
expropriation does not necessarily mean that a party may not refer a dispute
to arbitration. Parties may still utilise Art 8(3) where: (a) the dispute
remains unresolved after six months of negotiation; (b) the dispute concerns
the amount of compensation for expropriation; and (c) Art 8(2) has not been
invoked _by the investor_ , _ie_ , it may still be invoked if the _State_ has
invoked Art 8(2). It is important to appreciate that the option to arbitrate
under Art 8(3) is extinguished not by limiting disputes to those concerning
the amount of compensation for expropriation but by the investor’s submission
of the dispute to the courts under Art 8(2).

123 While the scope for submitting a dispute to arbitration under the PRC-Laos
BIT may seem limited, this limited scope for the submission of a dispute to
arbitration is understandable in the light of the observation made in _Tza Yap
Shum_ that communist regimes possessed a certain degree of distrust regarding
investment of private capital and were concerned about the decisions of
international tribunals on matters over which they have no control. I had no
doubt that these concerns were also present when the PRC-Laos BIT was
concluded between the two communist states and this in my judgment formed an
important part of the context in which Art 8 of the PRC-Laos BIT should be
interpreted (see Art 31(1) of the VCLT).

124 In addition, the restrictive interpretation of the phrase “involving” in
Art 8(3) cannot be displaced by the general purpose of promoting investments
found in the preamble to the PRC-Peru BIT which the tribunal in _Tza Yap Shum_
seemed to place undue reliance on. It is a truism to say that the purpose of
any BIT is to promote investments. But it does not follow from this general
proposition that every ambiguity found in such treaties should invariably be
resolved in favour of the investor. Every BIT represents a negotiated bargain
between two contracting states and the provisions therein reflect the extent
to which the sovereignty of each contracting state has been curtailed. The
bargains struck in BITs should therefore not be lightly displaced without due
consideration of the context in which they were made.

125 Another ancillary point deserves some elaboration. The defendant contends
that the Tribunal was correct to conclude that “involving” in Art 8(3) should
be read broadly to mean “to include”. Such a broad reading is problematic
because almost every investment dispute is likely to include a dispute over
the amount of compensation payable. This would mean that almost every dispute
could be submitted by either party to arbitration under Art 8(3) – a result
that two communist states were unlikely to have contemplated or intended at
that time (see above at [123]).

126 Third, the shift from PRC’s “first-generation” BITs to “second-generation”
suggests that the PRC-Laos BIT which fell into the former category should be
read restrictively. The plaintiff submits that first-generation BITs were
deliberately restrictive in only permitting disputes relating to the amount of
compensation for expropriation to be submitted to arbitration.[note: 45]
Subsequently, after 1998, more expansive dispute resolution clauses can be
found in PRC’s second generation BITs. In support of this submission, the
plaintiff cites Art 9 of the BIT between PRC and Germany dated 1 December 2005
which uses the broader phrase, “any dispute concerning investments”. I accept
these submissions and think that they go some way in supporting a more
restrictive reading of Art 8(3).

127 I have one final observation before I conclude. The plaintiff argues that
Art 8(3) “only estops the investor from seeking arbitration of a dispute
concerning ‘the amount of compensation for expropriation’ if that question has
already been submitted for adjudication before the local courts pursuant to
Art 8(2)”[note: 46]. The plaintiff goes on to suggest that nothing in Art 8(3)
prevents an investor from arbitrating a dispute over the _quantum_ of damages
for expropriation if he has only submitted the dispute over _liability_ to
adjudication.[note: 47] I do not think that this additional gloss to Art 8(3)
can be correct. The second sentence of Art 8(3) provides that “the provisions
of this paragraph shall not apply if the investor concerned has resorted to
the procedure specified in [Art 8(2)]”. In my view, this language is
unequivocal and nothing in Art 8(3) in fact supports the interpretation
advanced by the plaintiff. The plaintiff is advancing a special meaning to
that sentence in Art 8(3) when there is no evidence that the parties had
intended such a special meaning to be imputed. I therefore cannot agree with
the plaintiff’s argument on this point.

128 In conclusion, the Tribunal did not possess subject-matter jurisdiction
over the defendant’s expropriation claims because only disputes over the
amount of compensation for expropriation can be submitted to arbitration under
Art 8(3).

Conclusion

129 For the foregoing reasons, I allow the plaintiff’s application with costs
to be agreed or taxed.

* * *

[note: 1]Art 1 of 1987 PRC-Portugal Joint Declaration; 1st affidavit of
Outakeo Keodouangsinh dated 10 January 2014, Exhibit OK-5 at p 456.

[note: 2]Tribunal’s award on jurisdiction (“the Award”) at para 18;
Defendant’s Core Bundle Vol 1 at p 11.

[note: 3]Art 1 of 1987 PRC-Portugal Joint Declaration; 1st affidavit of
Outakeo Keodouangsinh dated 10 January 2014, Exhibit OK-5 at p 456.

[note: 4]1st affidavit of Outakeo Keodouangsinh dated 10 January 2014, Exhibit
OK-5 at p 456.

[note: 5]1st affidavit of Outakeo Keodouangsinh dated 10 January 2014, Exhibit
OK-3 at p 154.

[note: 6]1st affidavit of Outakeo Keodouangsinh dated 10 January 2014 at pp
352–356.

[note: 7]Notice of Arbitration at para 54, 1st affidavit of Outakeo
Keodouangsinh dated 10 January 2014 at p 49.

[note: 8][42] of the Award, Defendant’s Core Bundle Vol 1 at p 17.

[note: 9]3rd affidavit of Outakeo Keodouangsinh dated 19 February 2014 at p 8.

[note: 10]3rd affidavit of Outakeo Keodouangsinh dated 19 February 2014 at pp
10-12.

[note: 11]Defendant’s written submissions at para 47.

[note: 12]3rd affidavit of Outakeo Keodouangsinh dated 19 February 2014 at p
8.

[note: 13]3rd affidavit of Outakeo Keodouangsinh dated 19 February 2014 at pp
10-12.

[note: 14]3rd affidavit of John K Baldwin dated 19 March 2014, Exhibit JB-12
at p 2.

[note: 15]Defendant’s Core Bundle Vol 2 at p 446.

[note: 16]1st affidavit of Alounkeo Kittikhoun dated 7 April 2014 at paras 9
and 10.

[note: 17]Award at para 277; Defendant’s Core Bundle Vol 1 at p 81..

[note: 18]Defendant’s Core Bundle Vol 1 at p 71.

[note: 19]Defendant’s written submissions at para 97.

[note: 20]Defendant’s written submissions at para 105.

[note: 21]Defendant’s Core Bundle Vol 1 at p 80; para 276.

[note: 22]Defendant’s Core Bundle Vol 1 at p 80; para 274.

[note: 23]Plaintiff’s written submissions at para 100.

[note: 24]Defendant’s Core Bundle Vol 1 at p 75.

[note: 25]Defendant’s written submissions at para 188.

[note: 26]Plaintiff’s written submissions at paras 157–158.

[note: 27]1st affidavit of Simon Chesterman dated 7 April 2014 at para 32.

[note: 28]1st affidavit of Simon Chesterman dated 7 April 2014 at para 34.

[note: 29]1st affidavit of Daniel Bethlehem dated 2 October 2014 at para 96.

[note: 30]1st affidavit of Daniel Bethlehem dated 2 October 2014 at para 97.

[note: 31]1st affidavit of Outakeo Keodouangsinh dated 10 January 2014 at p
354.

[note: 32]1st affidavit of Simon Chesterman dated 7 April 2014 at p 315.

[note: 33]Plaintiff’s written submissions at para 192.

[note: 34]1st affidavit of Simon Chesterman dated 7 April 2014 at para 49.

[note: 35]1st affidavit of Simon Chesterman dated 7 April 2014 at para 56.

[note: 36]1st affidavit of Daniel Bethlehem dated 2 October 2014 at para 123.

[note: 37]1st affidavit of Daniel Bethlehem dated 2 October 2014 at para 124.

[note: 38]1st affidavit of Simon Chesterman at Annex 14, pp 8-9.

[note: 39]1st affidavit of Simon Chesterman at Annex 15.

[note: 40]1st affidavit of Simon Chesterman dated 7 April 2014 at p 398.

[note: 41]1st affidavit of Simon Chesterman dated 7 April 2014 at paras 76 and
77.

[note: 42]1st affidavit of Daniel Bethlehem dated 2 October 2014 at para 139.

[note: 43]Defendant’s Bundle of Authorities Tab 37.

[note: 44]Plaintiff’s written submissions at para 263.

[note: 45]Plaintiff’s written submissions at para 297 _et al_.

[note: 46]Plaintiff’s written submissions at para 284.

[note: 47]Plaintiff’s written submissions at para 286.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 20 Jan 2015 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

