Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  PT Sariwiguna Binasentosa _v_ Sindo Damai Shipping Pte Ltd and others  
[2015] SGHCR 20

Case Number| :| High Court Suit 345 of 2015 (Summons No 3762 of 2015)  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 19 August 2015  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Justin Yeo AR  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Mr Leong Kah Wah and Mr Max Lim (Rajah & Tann Singapore
LLP) for the Plaintiff; Mr Thomas Tan and Ms Ernita Othman (Haridass Ho &
Partners) for the 1st Defendant.  
Parties| :|  PT Sariwiguna Binasentosa — Sindo Damai Shipping Pte Ltd  
  
19 August 2015|  
---|---  
  
Justin Yeo AR:

1 Should a stay of execution pending appeal be granted where a judgment debtor
is willing to pay the judgment sum plus interest into court pending resolution
of the appeal? The 1st Defendant, Sindo Damai Shipping Pte Ltd, a judgment
debtor pursuant to a summary judgment, brought the present application for a
stay of execution of that judgment pending appeal pursuant to O 45 r 11 of the
Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2006 Rev Ed) (“Rules of Court”). I heard the
application on 12 August 2015 and dismissed it on 17 August 2015. I now
provide written grounds of my decision.

Background facts

2 The Plaintiff is an Indonesian tin mining and exporting company. The 1st
Defendant is a company incorporated in Singapore and is in the business of
providing shipping services. The 2nd to 6th Defendants are present or former
directors of the 1st Defendant, while the 7th Defendant is employed by the 1st
Defendant as its assistant general manager. The 2nd to 7th Defendants are not
involved in the present application.

3 The Plaintiff’s claim against the 1st Defendant is for (a) the 1st
Defendant’s alleged conversion and/or misdelivery of certain tin cargo shipped
under a bill of lading (“BL No SIN 25”) without presentation of the original
bill of lading; and (b) the 1st Defendant’s alleged detinue, conversion and
wrongful interference of the tin cargo shipped under three other bills of
lading (“BL Nos SIN 21, 22 and 26”).

4 The brief procedural history, insofar as is relevant to the present
application, is as follows. The Plaintiff filed the Writ of Summons and
Statement of Claim on 10 April 2015. The 1st Defendant filed its Defence and
Counterclaim on 13 May 2015. On 18 June 2015, the Plaintiff filed an
application for summary judgment. On 24 July 2015, the Registrar heard the
summary judgment application and ordered that:

(a) Final judgment be entered in favour of the Plaintiff against the 1st
Defendant in relation to the cargo shipped under BL No SIN 25 for the sum of
US$1,077,448.27.

(b) Interlocutory judgment be entered in favour of the Plaintiff for its claim
against the 1st Defendant in relation to the cargo shipped under BL Nos SIN
21, 22 and 26, with damages to be assessed, including damages occasioned by
the 1st Defendant’s delay in delivery up of the cargo shipped under BL Nos SIN
21, 22 and 26.

(c) The 1st Defendant be given leave to defend the Plaintiff’s claim for a
declaration that the 1st Defendant indemnifies the Plaintiff for all
liabilities and/or claims and/or losses, expenses and costs incurred or to be
incurred (whether made directly or indirectly against the Plaintiff) arising
from and/or as a result of and/or in connection with the 1st Defendant’s
breaches and/or conversion and/or detinue in respect of the tin cargo under BL
Nos SIN 21, 22, 25 and 26.

(d) Costs of the application fixed at S$7,500 (inclusive of disbursements) to
be paid by the 1st Defendant to the Plaintiff.

5 By way of a Notice of Appeal filed on 29 July 2015, the 1st Defendant
appealed against the parts of the Registrar’s decision as mentioned in [4(a)]
and [4(b)] above. The appeal, HC/RA 228/2015 (“RA 228”), has been fixed for
hearing on 14 September 2015.

6 As the appeal did not operate as a stay of execution (see s 41 of the
Supreme Court of Judicature Act (Cap 322, 2007 Rev Ed) in general and O 56 r
1(4) of the Rules of Court in particular; and see _Lian Soon Construction Pte
Ltd v Guan Qian Realty Pte Ltd_ [1999] 1 SLR(R) 1053 at [13]), the 1st
Defendant took out the present application on 3 August 2015, seeking a stay of
execution of the summary judgment pending the determination of RA 228.

Issue

7 The main issue before this court was whether a stay of execution pending
appeal should be granted pursuant to O 45 r 11 of the Rules of Court, in view
that the 1st Defendant was willing to pay the judgment sum plus interest into
court as a condition for obtaining a stay.

Decision

8 The arguments raised by way of oral and written submissions at the hearing
on 12 August 2015 may be analysed under five headings:

(a) Merits of the appeal;

(b) Risk of dissipation by the judgment creditor;

(c) Risk of dissipation by the judgment debtor;

(d) Winding up petition against the judgment debtor; and

(e) Balance of prejudice between the parties, particularly in view that the
1st Defendant was willing to pay the judgment sum plus interest into court as
a condition for obtaining a stay pending appeal.

Merits of the appeal

9 First, the merits of the appeal, which would affect its prospects of
success. It is well established that while the existence of strong grounds for
appeal is not by itself a reason for granting a stay, the fact that there is
little merit in the appeal is a relevant circumstance that a court can take
into account in exercising its discretion to grant a stay pending appeal
(_Strandore Invest A/S and others v Soh Kim Wat_ [2010] SGHC 174 (“ _Strandore
Invest_ ”) at [10], citing _Lee Kuan Yew v Jeyaretnam Joshua Benjamin_ [1990]
1 SLR(R) 772 and _Denis Matthew Harte v Tan Hun Hoe and another_ [2001] SGHC
19 (“ _Denis Matthew Harte_ ”)).

10 Counsel for the Plaintiff, Mr Leong Kah Wah (“Mr Leong”), argued that going
by established legal principles, in particular those set out in _APL Co Pte
Ltd v Voss Peer_ [2002] 2 SLR(R) 1119 (“ _APL v Voss Peer_ ”) at [55], a ship-
owner should only deliver cargo against the presentation of a bill of lading.
As such, he submitted that the present suit was a clear case of conversion and
misdelivery, and that the prospects of a successful appeal were slim. Counsel
for the 1st Defendant, Mr Thomas Tan (“Mr Tan”), clarified that the 1st
Defendant was not looking to contest the issue of liability on appeal; rather,
RA 228 concerned the issue of whether the Registrar had erred by giving final
judgment instead of interlocutory judgment with damages to be assessed.

11 _APL v Voss Peer_ did not deal with the issue of whether the court should
have granted final judgment or interlocutory judgment with damages to be
assessed. As such, I could not conclude that based on the authority of _APL v
Voss Peer_ , there was little merit in the 1st Defendant’s appeal.

Risk of dissipation by the judgment creditor

12 Second, the risk of dissipation of assets by the judgment creditor (in this
case, the Plaintiff) in the event a stay pending appeal is refused.

13 Mr Tan emphasised that the Plaintiff was a foreign company with no known
presence or assets in Singapore, and that the 1st Defendant had little, if
any, information about the Plaintiff. Mr Leong responded that the Plaintiff
was a reputable company that had substantial dealings in Singapore and was
certainly not, to borrow Mr Leong’s turn of phrase, a “debt dodger”. To
substantiate his submissions, Mr Leong cited the 9th Affidavit of Mr Juan
Setiadi Widjaja (“Mr Widjaja”), which stated that:

(a) Since 2003, the Plaintiff had been an established tin mining and smelting
company in Indonesia. The Plaintiff had, in 2013, satisfied the criteria of
the Indonesia Commodity Derivative Exchange and the Commodity Futures Trading
Regulatory Agency and became a licensed member, entitling the Plaintiff to
trade through the Exchange. In January 2015, the Plaintiff received
accreditation under the Conflict-Free Sourcing Initiative, a program started
by the United States of America and the European Union for tin production and
smelting, and which included checks on compliance with corporate and social
responsibility standards.

(b) The Plaintiff is in strong financial health. At the close of the Financial
Year 2014, the Plaintiff had total assets of S$16,244,289; revenue of
S$50,146,998; net income of S$386,209; and retained earnings of S$1,082,136.

(c) The Plaintiff traded regularly with Singapore parties, and in the 12
months from June 2014 to June 2015, the Plaintiff had sold tin valued at
US$18,080,071.43 to parties in Singapore.

14 In response, Mr Tan emphasised that he was not suggesting that the
Plaintiff was an “insolvent company” or a “debt dodger”. However, he sought to
bring the court through the affidavit of Mr Widjaja in an attempt to show that
the Plaintiff’s financial health may not be as good as Mr Widjaja had made it
out to be. He pointed out, amongst other things, that: (a) there were
“accounts receivable” from Uni Bros Metal Pte Ltd which may not be collectible
as that company was undergoing liquidation; (b) even if the Plaintiff had sold
tin valued at US$18,080.071.43 to parties in Singapore, these receivables may
not all be collectible, and in any case, would not detract from the fact that
the Plaintiff had no assets in Singapore; (c) in 2014, the Plaintiff’s total
“cash and bank” amounted to 781,383,206 Indonesian Rupiah (about S$79,889.55),
which was a drastic difference from the amount of 6,074,300,167 Indonesian
Rupiah (about S$621,043.60) in 2013; and (d) the Plaintiff had obtained two
bank loan facilities in 2014. Mr Tan submitted that in deciding whether to
grant a stay pending appeal, the court should consider that the Plaintiff may
not be in good financial health, and also take into account the allegedly
less-than-ideal prospects of debt recovery in Indonesia.

15 I could not agree with Mr Tan’s contentions on the Plaintiff’s financial
health, as these were not substantiated by any evidence. Indeed, in the
affidavit supporting the present application, it was expressly stated that
“the 1st Defendant is not aware of the financial position of the Plaintiff”;
if so, it would appear to follow that there can be little (if any) basis for
the 1st Defendant’s assertions on the Plaintiff’s financial health.
Furthermore, Mr Tan was not an accounting expert and in any case had no
evidence for his interpretation of the Plaintiff’s accounts, which (as he
candidly admitted) was in some respects purely speculative in nature. Overall,
there was no objective evidence that the Plaintiff was impecunious or in
financial difficulty, likely to abscond with the judgment sum, or become
untraceable in the event of a successful appeal (see _Denis Matthew Harte_ at
[65] and _Strandore Invest_ at [13]). It followed that Mr Tan could not show
that a successful appeal might be rendered nugatory.

16 Mr Tan’s point on the prospects of debt recovery in Indonesia was not
substantiated by any evidence. In any event, mere inconvenience, expense and
difficulty of having to bring proceedings in a foreign jurisdiction to recover
a judgment debt would not be sufficient to justify a stay without more (see
_Denis Matthew Harte_ at [66] and _Strandore Invest_ at [13]).

17 As such, the 1st Defendant failed to demonstrate that there was any risk of
dissipation of assets by the Plaintiff that may render nugatory a successful
appeal.

Risk of dissipation by the judgment debtor

18 Third, the risk of dissipation of assets by the judgment debtor (in this
case, the 1st Defendant) should a stay pending appeal be granted.

19 Mr Leong pointed out that there has been some record of dishonesty on the
part of the 1st Defendant. In _PT Sariwiguna Binasentosa v Sindo Damai
Shipping Ltd and others_ [2015] SGHC 195, Choo J made a finding (at [17])
about the 1st Defendant’s dishonesty. While Choo J had emphasised (at [18])
that the finding on dishonesty did not go towards showing an inclination to
dissipate assets, Mr Leong argued that given the existence of a summary
judgment against the 1st Defendant, there was now a greater risk of
dissipation of assets by the 1st Defendant.

20 I found this argument to be speculative and unsupported by any evidence. In
any case, given that the 1st Defendant was willing to pay the judgment sum
plus interest into court as a condition for obtaining a stay pending appeal,
it was difficult to see how there could be any risk of dissipation of assets
by the 1st Defendant should a conditional stay be granted.

Winding up petition against the judgment debtor

21 Fourth, the prospect of a winding up petition against the 1st Defendant.

22 Mr Tan informed the court that the Plaintiff had served a statutory demand
and was actively seeking to wind up the 1st Defendant. Pursuant to the
statutory demand, the 1st Defendant had (a) until 3 August 2015 to make
payment of the judgment sum plus costs, failing which the Plaintiff would
proceed “as it deems fit” for recovery of the same; and (b) until 17 August
2015 to make payment, failing which the Plaintiff would apply for winding up
against the 1st Defendant. Mr Tan submitted that where a judgment creditor
pursues a winding up of the judgment debtor, the court may find that there are
special circumstances warranting the grant of a stay of execution, since a
successful winding up of the judgment debtor would render an appeal nugatory
(see _Cathay Theatres Pte Ltd v LKM Investment Holdings Pte Ltd_ [2000] 1
SLR(R) 15 at [14]–[15] and _Strandore Invest_ at [12]). In the present case,
Mr Tan submitted that in the absence of a stay pending appeal, the 1st
Defendant may be wound up prior to the hearing of RA 228, thus rendering the
1st Defendant’s appeal nugatory

23 However, Mr Leong clarified that the Plaintiff was agreeable to fixing the
hearing of the winding up petition after the determination of the appeal, so
that RA 228 would not be jeopardised by winding up proceedings against the 1st
Defendant. As such, the fact that the 1st Defendant may be wound up weighed
little, if at all, in considering whether this court should grant a stay
pending appeal.

Balance of prejudice between the parties

24 Fifth, the prejudice caused to the Plaintiff and 1st Defendant respectively
should a stay pending appeal be granted or refused, as the case may be.

25 Mr Tan reiterated that the 1st Defendant was willing to put the judgment
sum plus interest into court as a condition for obtaining a stay pending
appeal. This would ensure that the Plaintiff would obtain the full benefits of
the judgment in the event that the 1st Defendant was to fail in its appeal.
There was therefore no prejudice to the Plaintiff since the Plaintiff’s
interests would be adequately protected pending appeal. On the contrary, Mr
Tan argued that short of a stay of execution, the 1st Defendant had no
protection in the event that the Plaintiff dissipated its assets pending
appeal (on which, see [12]–[17] above).

26 Mr Leong argued that the Plaintiff would suffer prejudice in the event that
a stay was granted because it would not be able to immediately enjoy the
fruits of a judgment that it had obtained. However, Mr Leong admitted that the
Plaintiff would not suffer serious prejudice if (a) a stay was granted on the
condition that the Defendant pay the full judgment sum, plus any interest,
into court, and (b) RA 228 is indeed heard on 14 September 2015 and promptly
decided by the appeal court.

27 Be that as it may, while prejudice to the parties is a relevant factor to
be considered in determining whether a stay should be granted, the “balance of
prejudice” is not the touchstone for the granting of a stay. The key
touchstone, which is also the common thread that underlies the decided cases
on granting of a stay pending appeal (see, _eg_ , _The “Shen Ming Hong 7”_
[2010] SGHC 269 at [12]–[13], as well as the other cases cited in the present
grounds of decision), is that a stay is only granted where the appeal, if
successful, may be rendered nugatory in the circumstances. In this regard, in
_Strandore Invest_ , the court emphasised that the discretion to grant a stay
must be exercised judicially, _ie_ , in accordance with well-established
principles, and stated three principles in this regard (_Strandore Invest_ at
[7]):

(a) First, the court does not deprive a successful litigant of the fruits of
his litigation, and lock up funds to which he is _prima facie_ entitled,
pending an appeal.

(b) Second, the court ought to see that the appeal, if successful, is not
nugatory. A stay will be granted if it can be shown by affidavit that if the
damages and costs are paid, there is no reasonable probability of getting the
money back if the appeal succeeds.

(c) Third, as an elaboration of the second principle, the judgment debtor must
show special circumstances before the court will grant a stay.

28 _Strandore Invest_ did not, however, directly address the situation in
which a judgment debtor offers to pay the judgment sum plus interest into
court as a condition for obtaining a stay pending appeal. Indeed, neither Mr
Tan nor Mr Leong could cite any decision of the Singapore courts that dealt
directly with the point just mentioned. Mr Tan cited two English cases in
which there was payment of the judgment sum into court pending appeal, but
these were not directly relevant to the present application:

(a) In _Rosengrens Ltd v Safe Deposit Centres Ltd_ [1984] WLR 1334 (“
_Rosengrens_ ”), the issue before the English Court of Appeal was whether a
bank guarantee should be allowed in lieu of payment into court. The issue of
whether there should be a stay of execution pending appeal was not before the
Court of Appeal (see _Rosengrens_ at 1336G–1337A _per_ Sir John Donaldson MR
and 1337C–1337E _per_ Parker LJ).

(b) In _Sunico v Commissioners for Her Majesty’s Revenue and Customs_ [2014]
EWCA Civ 1108, the issue before the English Court of Appeal was whether
payment of the judgment sum should be made a condition for _granting leave to
appeal_ (rather than a condition for a _stay pending appeal_). The court found
that the judgment debtor had deliberately failed to pay the judgment sum when
it had resources to do so, and had also deliberately put the available
resources out of reach to deny the judgment creditor of the judgment sum.

29 The two English cases just mentioned are examples of situations in which
the English courts have protected a judgment creditor by way of ordering the
payment of the judgment sum into court. However, they do not provide guidance
in determining whether the payment into court of a judgment sum, without more,
is in itself sufficient to justify a stay pending appeal.

30 Returning to the present application, the 1st Defendant’s offer to pay the
judgment sum plus interest into court appeared to give weight the first
principle (see [27(a)] above) in the sense that it ensured that the Plaintiff
would not be deprived of the fruits of its litigation in due course. However,
such an offer would still result in the locking up of funds to which the
Plaintiff is _prima facie_ entitled, a situation which may be countenanced
only if the second and/or third principles (see [27(b)] and [27(c)]) are made
out. In the absence of any evidence that the 1st Defendant’s appeal would be
rendered nugatory (see [12]–[17] above), and in view that the Plaintiff was
agreeable to fixing the hearing of the winding up petition after the
determination of RA 228 (see [23] above), the fact that there was an offer to
pay the judgment sum plus interest into court did not, by itself, justify a
stay pending appeal. Otherwise, it would be open to every judgment debtor to
justify a stay pending appeal simply by paying the judgment sum into court
rather than to the judgment creditor – a situation that would be in violation
of the first principle cited in _Strandore Invest_ insofar as it results in
the locking up of funds to which the judgment creditor is _prima facie_
entitled.

Conclusion

31 For the reasons given above, I dismissed the application and made an order
of costs of S$3,500, inclusive of disbursements, to the Plaintiff.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 19 Aug 2015 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

