Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the

[2015] SGHC 189

Criminal Case No 24 of 2014

Public Prosecutor

v

Jafar Shatig bin Abdul Karim

Grounds of decision

[Criminal Law] — [Statutory offences] — [Misuse of Drugs Act]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Public Prosecutor

  
v

  

Jafar Shatig bin Abdul Karim

[2015] SGHC 189

High Court — Criminal Case No 24 of 2014  
Choo Han Teck J  
1–4, 8–10 July, 15 September 2014, 6 July 2015

27 July 2015.

Choo Han Teck J:

1 A bus driver named Parameswaran a/l Devandran (“Parameswaran”) (PW17)
testified that at about 8pm on 5 January 2012, he picked up three passengers
at Sri Pulai in Johor, Malaysia. The first to board was Tanaletchumi a/p K
Murugesu (“Tanaletchumi”) (PW27) and the second was a person who has only been
identified as “Letchumy”. After picking up the two passengers, Parameswaran
saw the accused waving for him to stop. He did so and the accused then boarded
the bus. Parameswaran testified that the accused told him that he was going to
see a friend at Jalan Kayu in Singapore.

2 Tanaletchumi, the first passenger, testified that she saw the accused move
to the back of the bus where he placed a black shoulder bag on one of the
seats. Tanaletchumi recounted that the accused then “walked up and down
twice”, using the phrase to describe the accused’s actions of walking up and
down the aisle of the bus. Tanaletchumi saw the accused pressing on a seat
which she subsequently identified to the Central Narcotics Bureau (“CNB”)
officers. This was the spot referred to as “seat A”.

3 When the bus arrived at the Singapore Customs, the accused and Letchumy
alighted. Tanaletchumi then asked Parameswaran for the accused’s name and
asked him what the accused had put inside the seat. Parameswaran went to the
seat and found three black bundles inside the seat after pulling off the seat
cover. When he saw this, Parameswaran alighted and notified a police officer,
Police Constable Nur Aisyah bte Ahdari (PW4) (“PC Nur Aisyah”). PC Nur Aisyah
boarded the bus and saw the three black bundles on top of seat A. Lance
Corporal Ho Ming Yong (PW5) was the next officer to board the bus and he too
saw the three black bundles. He reported the matter to his superior, Sergeant
Muhammad Faizal bin Noor Hashim (“Sgt Faizal”) (PW6).

4 Sgt Faizal boarded the bus with Sergeant Shahrin bin Ahmad (PW7) and
Parameswaran. The two officers alighted after seeing the three black bundles
and on instructions from their superiors, boarded the bus again and directed
Parameswaran to drive to the bus bay to pick up his three passengers. But only
Tanaletchumi and Letchumy boarded at the bus bay because the accused had taken
off in another bus. Tanaletchumi testified that when they were all at the bus
bay, the accused seemed to be in fear and asked her why the bus was taking so
long to get to the bus bay.

5 The accused did not vanish. He telephoned Parameswaran shortly after
Parameswaran left the Woodlands Checkpoint. The accused told him that he (the
accused) would be waiting at the bus stop opposite the Sheng Siong Supermarket
near the Woodlands Checkpoint. By this time, the immigration officers were on
alert. Four officers hid in the bus and others followed in another vehicle.
All this took place between 10pm to 10.20pm. The bus arrived at the bus-stop
about five to ten minutes later and Parameswaran told one of the immigration
officers, Staff Sergeant Fadzil Bin Zaharen (“SSgt Fadzil”) (PW10), that the
accused was approaching the bus. Senior Assistant Commissioner Kent Goh Mui
Heng (PW11) and SSgt Fadzil came out of their vehicle and walked to the
accused before he could board the bus. They took the accused back to the
Woodlands Checkpoint and notified the CNB. In the meantime, the bus was
searched. SSgt Fadzil and Staff Sergeant Muhammad Arifin bin Mohamed Eusuff
(PW9) discovered more black bundles in another seat at the back of the bus
(“seat B”). They did not touch the bundles and immediately informed the CNB
officers. Shortly after, four CNB officers boarded the bus. One of the CNB
officers, Staff Sergeant Sudin bin Mamat (PW15), found seven more black
bundles in the seat cushion of seat B.

6 The accused’s urine sample taken at 3.40am on 6 January was analysed and
found to contain morphine and methamphetamine. The three black packets found
in seat A and the seven black packets found in seat B were unwrapped and found
to contain 17 packets of granular substances. Those substances were weighed in
the presence of the accused and later ascertained to be 56.17g of diamorphine.
The accused was thus charged for trafficking in 56.17g of diamorphine under s
7 of the Misuse of Drugs Act (Cap 185, 2008 Rev Ed) (“the MDA”), which is an
offence punishable under s 33(1) of the MDA.

7 The prosecution sought to introduce six statements made by the accused under
s 22 of the Criminal Procedure Code (Cap 68, 2012 Rev Ed) but the
admissibility of these statements were challenged by the accused who claimed
that they were not made voluntarily. The statements were all recorded by the
investigating officer, Deputy Superintendent of Police Tan Seow Keong (“DSP
Tan”) (PW33) (who was then an Assistant Superintendent) through the
interpretation of a Tamil interpreter, Manickam s/o Pr Periasamy. The
statements are:

(a) first statement recorded on 6 January 2012 at 12.42am,

(b) second statement recorded on 11 January 2012 at 12.30pm,

(c) third statement recorded on 16 January 2012 at 2.35pm,

(d) fourth statement recorded on 17 January 2012 at 10.23am,

(e) fifth statement recorded on 18 January 2012 at 2.40am, and

(f) sixth statement recorded on 19 January 2012 at12.15pm.

8 The accused did not allege that the interpreter threatened him. His
allegation was that DSP Tan threatened him on 9 January 2012, which was a day
when no statement was recorded as the accused was unwell. He was examined by a
doctor that day and was given some medication for his gastric pain. The
accused claimed that DSP Tan told him that he was facing the death penalty and
that if he did not co-operate his girlfriend (who was pregnant) might be
charged. In respect of the incriminating parts of the statements, the accused
asserted that these were not what he said but the portions had been either
added or “mis-typed” by DSP Tan. I found his allegations regarding the threats
to be poorly made out and not persuasive. There was no evidence to show how
his girlfriend could even be connected to the drugs. The accused also claimed
that he was suffering from drug withdrawal at the material time but this claim
was contradicted by DSP Tan and Manickam as well as the absence of medical
evidence. The evidence narrated by him did not convince me that there was any
threat or that the accused laboured under any threat. I therefore admitted the
six statements, and at the end of the prosecution’s case I called upon the
accused to enter his defence.

9 The accused pleaded ignorance in defence. He claimed that he boarded the bus
because Parameswaran requested his help to transport workers and that he did
not know that there were drugs in the bus. He further explained that he was
pacing up and down the bus only to look for rubbish. The accused’s paltry
evidence was barely coherent.

10 In my view, it was important to find that the accused had hidden the drugs
in seat A and seat B. Although no one saw him place the drugs there,
Tanaletchumi testified that she saw the accused pressing down on seat A. This
supports the prosecution’s submission that the accused knew this spot had the
hidden parcels. Importantly, the first statement by the accused, which had
been admitted, contained a confession by him that he was the one who put the
ten bundles into seats A and B. He admitted that he did it for RM10,000. The
details set out in paragraph 10 of the accused’s first statement as to how he
removed the sponge material from the two seats in Parameswaran’s bus and
placed the bundles there are information that is only within the knowledge of
the courier of those drugs. The accused also admitted in the subsequent
statements that he had brought the bundles to Singapore. Further, there was
other important evidence corroborative of this. One was the seizure of the
“Adidas” sling bag (P93) with the empty plastic bag in it. More importantly,
the sponge material from the seats was found in the “Adidas” sling bag that
the accused admitted belonged to him. Forensic evidence confirmed that the
sponge material came from the seats. I was therefore satisfied that the
accused had been in actual possession of the drugs and had placed them in the
two seats after removing the sponge material.

11 As I have found that the accused was in possession of the drugs, the
presumption of knowledge under s 18(2) of the MDA will apply. The next
question is then whether the accused successfully rebutted this presumption.
As the accused’s defence was that he did not even bring the drugs onto the
bus, there was little evidence adduced by him during trial on whether he knew
that the substance was drugs. But his statements, especially the first and the
sixth statements, revealed that he, at the very least, suspected that the
bundles contained drugs because the person who tasked him the job of bringing
the bundles to Singapore was unwilling to do so himself. He also stated that
he was promised a substantial sum of RM10,000 in cash if he delivered the ten
bundles to Singapore.

12 There being no credible account by the accused to discredit the very
statements that he had made, I found that the presumption against the accused
under s 18(2) of the MDA had not been rebutted. Accordingly, I found him
guilty as charged and convicted him. The evidence showed that the accused
acted in a manner that made him no more than a courier. The learned Deputy
Public Prosecutor (“DPP”) Eugene Lee did not challenge this. DPP Lee then
tendered a certificate to the court to certify that the accused has
substantively assisted the CNB in disrupting drug trafficking activities
within or outside Singapore. Exercising my discretion under s 33B(1)(a) of the
MDA, I sentenced the accused to life imprisonment, with effect from 5 January
2012, and to 16 strokes of the cane, instead of imposing the death penalty.

\- Sgd -  
Choo Han Teck  
Judge

Eugene Lee Yee Leng and Sanjna Rai (Attorney-General’s Chambers) for the
prosecution.  
Johan bin Ismail (Johan Ismail & Company), Skandarajah s/o Selvarajah (S
Skandarajah & Co) and Sim Jin Simm Alina (Axis Law Corporation) for the
accused.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 2: 27 Oct 2020 (22:39 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

