Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Public Prosecutor _v_ Lim Yong Soon Bernard  
[2015] SGCA 19

Case Number| :| Criminal Reference No 7 of 2014  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 10 April 2015  
Tribunal/Court| :| Court of Appeal  
Coram| :|  Sundaresh Menon CJ; Chao Hick Tin JA; Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Tan Ken Hwee, Sanjiv Vaswani and Yau Pui Man (Attorney-
General's Chambers) for the applicant; The respondent in person.  
Parties| :|  Public Prosecutor — Lim Yong Soon Bernard  
  
10 April 2015| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Chao Hick Tin JA (delivering the judgment of the court):

Introduction

1 On 8 December 2014, the Public Prosecutor filed Criminal Reference No 7 of
2014 (“CRF 7/2014”), referring two questions to this court for determination
pursuant to s 397(2) of the Criminal Procedure Code (Cap 68, 2012 Rev Ed)
(“CPC”). Both questions arose from Magistrate’s Appeal No 124 of 2014 (“MA
124/2014”) where the High Court had dismissed the Prosecution’s appeal against
sentence in respect of an offence of providing false information to a public
servant under s 182 of the Penal Code (Cap 224, 2008 Rev Ed) for which the
respondent was convicted. At the commencement of the hearing of CRF 7/2014 on
12 February 2015, the Prosecution formally withdrew one of the two referred
questions and proceeded to submit only on the following question (“the
Original Question”):

In relation to an offence under section 182 of the Penal Code (Chapter 224),
where an accused is convicted of providing false information in order to
mislead an inquiry into a matter concerning public sector governance, when is
the threshold for custodial sentence crossed?

2 During the course of the hearing, we intimated to the Deputy Public
Prosecutor, Mr Tan Ken Hwee, that there were inherent difficulties with the
Original Question which had, in the main, to do with the _indeterminacy_ of
its factual premise. In particular, we found that the scope of the Original
Question as framed encompassed a diverse range of possible scenarios of
varying gravities which made it difficult, if not impossible, to definitively
state one way or the other whether the custodial threshold would be crossed in
_all_ such instances. In other words, the Original Question seemed to us to
be, by its very nature, incapable of receiving any precise (and, therefore,
meaningful) answer as it appeared to turn quite inescapably on a consideration
of all the _facts_ in each case. We therefore had serious reservations about
engaging with the Original Question as it was then framed and declaring, as a
matter of law, that the custodial threshold was invariably crossed whenever
the scenario posited by it had surfaced. All things considered, then, we were
not minded to answer the Original Question. However, we invited Mr Tan to
consult further with the Public Prosecutor and, if his office thought fit, to
submit a more appropriately framed question within two weeks, bearing in mind
the concerns which we had aired during the hearing.

3 On 25 February 2015, the Public Prosecutor duly submitted the following
reframed question for our consideration (“the Reframed Question”):

Is the default starting position when section 182 of the Penal Code is
violated a custodial sentence when the offender is: (_a_) a public servant or
an employee of a statutory board; and (_b_) the false information is given in
the context of an investigation touching on improprieties relating to
procurement and/or allegations of abuse of office or power?

4 While the Reframed Question is, no doubt, narrower than the Original
Question, we find that it still does not frame a sufficiently certain factual
premise as it remains wide enough to accommodate a myriad of hypothetical
scenarios with differing degrees of seriousness. At the same time, we must
also observe, from a different perspective, that the Reframed Question is too
constrained in the sense that it leaves a critical mass of potentially
relevant sentencing considerations unaccounted for. Simply put, the Reframed
Question leaves too much to conjecture. Indeed, it seems to us that what this
reference seeks to achieve is to obtain from this court a sentencing benchmark
ruling for an offence under s 182 of the Penal Code with only the barest
factual matrix. One has to undertake, quite unavoidably, an inquiry into the
_facts_ if a rational answer is to be offered and, in the result, we decline
to answer the Reframed Question because the reference procedure under s 397 of
the CPC is reserved only for the determination of questions of _law_ of public
interest. In our view, the Reframed Question is hardly a question of law and,
even if it were, it is not a question of public interest.

5 Equally important, we would also wish to underscore the point that invoking
the reference procedure under s 397 of the CPC for the purpose of obtaining a
sentencing benchmark is clearly inappropriate. Our views are more fully
elaborated upon below. At this juncture, we will begin by first setting out
briefly the relevant background to this application.

The relevant background

The facts

6 The respondent, Lim Yong Soon Bernard, was an Assistant Director of the
National Parks Board (“NParks”) which is a statutory board under the purview
of the Ministry of National Development (“MND”). In late 2011, he was assigned
the task of obtaining the approval for, and arranging for NParks’ purchase of,
foldable bicycles. These bicycles were intended to facilitate the movement of
NParks’ staff along the island-wide park connector network.

7 Sometime in September or October 2011, the respondent became acquainted with
one Lawrence Lim Chun How (“Lawrence”) at a night cycling event. They joined
the same cycling group, discussed cycling related issues, spoke to mutual
friends, and began to explore business opportunities. Not long after this,
when the time came for the respondent to put up an Invitation to Quote (“ITQ”)
for the foldable bicycles, he tipped Lawrence off about this opportunity.
Lawrence was the director of a company known as Bikehop which operated a
modest business of renting out bicycles to tourists at strategic locations.
Bikehop had hitherto not been actively involved in any government
transactions. The respondent therefore asked Lawrence to register for a
_GeBIZ_ account so that Bikehop could participate in the ITQ, and also
inquired whether Lawrence could supply Brompton bicycles with racks at $2,200
per piece.

8 NParks subsequently issued an ITQ and the only bid it received (and which it
accepted) was from Bikehop for the supply of 26 Brompton bicycles in two
tranches at a price of $2,200 a piece without racks. It was established at
trial that this price was not excessive as it was lower than the retail price
for the same bicycle model.

9 On 22 June 2012, an article in the _Lianhe Zaobao_ highlighted concerns
about the procurement process for the Brompton bicycles. Online blogs also
pitched in with their own allegations of impropriety. NParks proceeded to
conduct an internal investigation into the matter and the respondent was
thereafter summoned for an interview before the Internal Audit Unit (“IAU”) of
MND on 18 July 2012. Three IAU auditors, all of them public servants, were
present during the interview. They questioned the respondent about the
procurement process and, in particular, whether he had any prior relationship
with Lawrence. Crucially, the respondent stated that his association with
Lawrence began only _after_ the ITQ had been awarded when they met to discuss
a delay in the delivery of the second tranche of Brompton bicycles. This
statement formed the subject of the first of two charges under s 182 of the
Penal Code which were brought against the respondent. As the second charge is
not relevant for present purposes, the facts leading up to it need not be set
out.

The first instance decision

10 Section 182 of the Penal Code provides as follows:

Whoever gives to any public servant any information which he knows or believes
to be false, intending thereby to cause, or knowing it to be likely that he
will thereby cause, such public servant to use the lawful power of such public
servant to the injury or annoyance of any person, or to do or omit anything
which such public servant ought not to do or omit if the true state of facts
respecting which such information is given were known by him, shall be
punished with imprisonment for a term which may extend to one year, or with
fine which may extend to $5,000, or with both.

11 At first instance, the District Judge found that all the elements of this
offence had been made out under the first charge and convicted the respondent
accordingly (see _Public Prosecutor v Bernard Lim Yong Soon_ [2014] SGDC 356).
The respondent had provided the IAU officers with false information since it
was clearly borne out by the evidence that he had “a highly supportive and
nurturing friendship” with Lawrence _prior_ to the ITQ (at [25]). Further,
when this false statement was considered against the backdrop of mounting
public scrutiny on the procurement process, it was also apparent that the
respondent had provided it so as to “throw the IAU auditors off the scent” (at
[42]), hoping that they would omit to investigate his personal relationship
with Lawrence.

12 Turning to the question of sentencing, the District Judge recognised that
this case called for a deterrent sentence. However, he considered that,
contrary to the Prosecution’s submissions, a custodial term was not
appropriate given the “unique circumstances” of this case (at [127]):

(a) The respondent did not provide false information for the purpose of
evading prosecution as there was no predicate offence. He had been extensively
investigated but not prosecuted for any offence other than the two s 182
offences.

(b) The respondent recanted a mere two days after providing his false
statement, which meant that no great deal of resources had to be expended
thereafter to probe into his relationship with Lawrence.

(c) In suggesting a bid of $2,200 per piece to Lawrence, the respondent had
encouraged Lawrence to put in a competitive bid for the Brompton bicycles
which were then retailing at a higher price of $2,510. NParks therefore paid a
reasonable price and there was no undue expenditure of public funds.

(d) The respondent did not prevent rival bids or intercede on Lawrence’s
behalf when Bikehop failed to deliver the second tranche of Brompton bicycles
timeously.

(e) The respondent’s false statement did not have any material impact as
neither NParks nor the IAU accepted them at face value and continued to
investigate his relationship with Lawrence. This case was therefore
distinguishable from the sentencing precedents relied on by the Prosecution
for a custodial sentence which generally involved a higher degree of actual or
potential harm resulting from the false information given.

(f) The relationship between the respondent and Lawrence was not difficult to
detect since the two were highly conspicuous in championing the use of
foldable bicycles and left a considerable paper and electronic trial of their
association that was picked up by Internet users.

13 In the result, the District Judge imposed the maximum fine of $5,000 on the
respondent.

The Prosecution’s appeal against sentence

14 The Prosecution appealed in MA 124/2014 against the sentence imposed,
arguing, _inter alia_ , that the District Judge had erred in failing to
correctly assess the strong public policy considerations which were at play.
In essence, the Prosecution submitted that civil servants should act with
probity, particularly in respect of the expenditure of public funds, and
failing to ensure this through the imposition of a sufficiently deterrent
sentence may lead to the misuse of public funds and lower the public’s
confidence in the good governance of the public service. In this regard, it
was argued that a fine was not an appropriately deterrent sentence as it
amounted to little more than a slap on the offender’s wrist.

15 The High Court Judge dismissed the Prosecution’s appeal in MA 124/2014
without written grounds. The Prosecution then referred the Original Question
to this court under s 397(2) of the CPC and, as mentioned earlier, the
Reframed Question subsequently.

Our decision

16 It is now settled law that even though s 397(2) of the CPC statutorily
permits the Public Prosecutor to leapfrog the _leave_ stage in a criminal
reference, this does not mean that the Court of Appeal is invariably bound to
answer all questions referred to it under this section. When exercising its
_substantive_ jurisdiction under s 397, the Court of Appeal must still
consider whether the case before it truly falls within the scope of that
particular provision, and this in turn entails a consideration of whether
_all_ the requirements in s 397(1) are made out (see _Public Prosecutor v
Goldring Timothy Nicholas and others_ [2014] 1 SLR 586 at [26]). There are
four such requirements under s 397(1) which were recently reiterated in
_Public Prosecutor v Leng Kah Poh_ [2014] 4 SLR 1264 at [15] as follows:

(a) the reference must be made in relation to a criminal matter decided by the
High Court in the exercise of its appellate or revisionary jurisdiction;

(b) the reference must relate to questions of law and those questions of law
must be questions of public interest;

(c) the question of law must have arisen from the case that was before the
High Court; and

(d) the determination of the question of law by the High Court must have
affected the outcome of the case.

17 Our difficulty with the present application lies squarely with the second
requirement enumerated above. Specifically, we are of the view that the
Reframed Question is neither a question of _law_ nor one of _public interest_
; hence we do not think that it is appropriate for us to proffer an answer in
the exercise of our substantive jurisdiction.

18 At this juncture, for ease of consideration, we set out again the Reframed
Question:

Is the default starting position when section 182 of the Penal Code is
violated a custodial sentence when the offender is: (_a_) a public servant or
an employee of a statutory board; and (_b_) the false information is given in
the context of an investigation touching on improprieties relating to
procurement and/or allegations of abuse of office or power?

19 Breaking the Reframed Question down into its constituent components, we
observe that what it essentially asks is whether a custodial term ought
ordinarily be imposed when the following two central features are present,
namely, that (a) the offender is a public servant or an employee of a
statutory board and (b) the wrong was committed in the context of an
investigation touching on improprieties relating to procurement and/or
allegations of abuse of office or power.

20 It appears plain to us that what the Prosecution seeks to obtain by way of
this criminal reference is the pronouncement of a sentencing benchmark. This
is because if we were to answer the Reframed Question in the affirmative, we
would effectively be declaring that whenever the relevant factual matrix of a
case exhibits the above set of defined features, it must follow as a matter of
course that the custodial threshold has been crossed. However, we do not think
that it is appropriate, as a matter of procedure, to obtain a sentencing
benchmark from the court by stating a question via s 397 of the CPC. The
criminal reference procedure requires the applicant to put forward a question
of law but the issue that has been raised here is one of sentencing and this
does not lend itself readily or naturally to the procedure prescribed in s
397. This is a point which we will return to but we would note at this moment
that even if it were possible to capture all the relevant facts for an opinion
to be offered by this court, we doubt that the Reframed Question is a question
of law of the kind within the contemplation of s 397 of the CPC. The
punishment which may be imposed by a court for an offence under s 182 of the
Penal Code has already been clearly prescribed by Parliament, _ie_ ,
imprisonment for up to one year or a fine of up to $5000 or both. That is the
range.

21 Despite these considerations, as well as our related reservations regarding
the Original Question (see [2] above), we thought that the Prosecution should
nevertheless be given a further opportunity to review the Original Question
and see whether its defects or inadequacies could be addressed, if at all. The
Reframed Question was thus presented against this background but we find that
it has not really addressed our concerns. In our view, the Reframed Question
can hardly be regarded as being exclusively a question of _law_ because,
inasmuch as its determination calls into play the relevant sentencing theories
and precedents, it necessarily involves an inquiry into the _facts_ which
remain uncertain and elastic. Ultimately, taking a broad view of matters, we
consider it to be extremely difficult, if not impossible, to advance what is
in essence a question of sentencing as a pure question of law, far less as a
question of law of public interest. Let us elaborate.

22 We think that it is difficult to “pack”, so to speak, all the factors which
are relevant for sentencing into a single question. In this regard, it is
readily apparent that the Reframed Question tends to suggest an affirmative
answer only because it is premised on a narrower compass of selected
(hypothetical) facts. But those facts are not the only facts which are germane
to sentencing for a s 182 offence. There are a multitude of _other_
unarticulated factors which may potentially have a bearing on the sentence to
be imposed, yet the Reframed Question gives very little indication as to how
these may meaningfully be weighed in the final analysis. For example, in the
recent case of _Idya Nurhazlyn bte Ahmad Khir v Public Prosecutor and another
appeal_ [2014] 1 SLR 756, the High Court explicitly stated at [32] that the
following factors – which were first set out in _Abu Syeed Chowdhury v Public
Prosecutor_ [2002] 1 SLR(R) 182 – could usefully be taken into account when
sentencing offenders who gave false statements to a public authority, _viz_ ,
(a) the materiality of the false representation on the mind of the decision-
maker; (b) the nature and extent of the deception; (c) the consequences of the
deception; and (d) the personal mitigation factors applicable to the offender.
The Reframed Question, however, does not take into account these very
pertinent sentencing considerations. It says nothing about, for example, the
role or motivation of the accused in giving the false information, what that
false information related to, how such false information had impacted on the
conduct of the investigation, whether the accused retracted the false
information and, if so, how soon, or whether he had, conversely, persisted in
perpetuating the falsehood. That being the case, we find that it is neither
safe nor sound for us to articulate a sentencing benchmark to the effect that
so long as the two central features as set out in the Reframed Question
_alone_ are present (see [19] above), the accused ought, as a matter of
_default_ , to be sentenced to serve a term in prison. That, in our view, is a
conclusion which simply does not follow in the absence of other potentially
relevant sentencing factors which may tilt the balance the other way.
Answering the Reframed Question in the affirmative may well lead to undue
hardship or unfairness to the accused in certain cases which, needless to say,
would be a most unsatisfactory state of affairs.

23 There is a further problem with utilising the criminal reference procedure
to obtain a sentencing benchmark, which is that the referred question will,
inevitably, have to be framed based on a sufficiently broad set of facts. The
referred question has to be designed purposefully in this way because,
otherwise, it would run up against the stock objection of it being a veiled
backdoor appeal from the decision below. This kind of manoeuvring, however,
necessarily creates its own problems. This is because when the facts in the
referred question are abstracted to a higher level of generality through the
use of more generic terminology, it necessarily broadens the spectrum of
factual scenarios that may fall within its wider definitional boundaries.
Naturally, these scenarios will not all carry the same, uniform gravity. The
result is that unfairness may be visited upon some accused persons if a
sentencing benchmark was nevertheless recognised as being immediately
applicable in _all_ such instances. This was the concern which we had
expressed with the Original Question during the hearing (see [2] above) and
continue to have in respect of the Reframed Question, as we shall proceed to
elaborate.

24 We note that the Reframed Question is based on a more circumscribed set of
facts than the Original Question in the following respects:

(a) first, the _identity of the wrongdoer_ has been specified – he is no
longer simply any “accused” at large but must be a “public servant or an
employee of a statutory board”;

(b) second, the _context_ in which the false information is given has also
been vested with a greater sense of formality – the false information must now
be made in the course of an “investigation” rather than simply an “inquiry”;
and

(c) third, the _subject matter_ to which the false information relates has
also been fixed with greater specificity – instead of relating merely to any
“matter concerning public sector governance”, the false information must now
be given in respect of an investigation touching on “improprieties relating to
procurement” and/or “allegations of abuse of office or power”.

25 These amendments by the Prosecution are clearly aimed at introducing more
concrete parameters around the Reframed Question but, in our view, they still
do not do enough to prevent one from speculating on the multitude of scenarios
which may come within its ambit. This difficulty arises largely because of the
third of the above amendments which requires the false information by the
public servant to be given in the course of an investigation into “
_improprieties relating to procurement_ ” and/or “ _allegations of abuse of
office or power_ ”.

26 First, one may easily recognise that the procurement process in the public
sector can suffer from many different kinds of “improprieties” involving wide-
ranging degrees of severity. To appreciate this, a good starting point is to
review the Singapore Government Instruction Manual (“IM”) concerning the
subject of “Procurement” specifically (which is accessible at
http://app.im.intranet.gov.sg/mof/Procurement/Theme.aspx). A review of the IM
would demonstrate that the procurement process is comprehensively, if not
minutely, regulated. It sets out eight broad stages in the entire procurement
chain and, under each of these stages, there are individual sets of “Rules”
(apart from other “Operating Principles” and “Good Practice Guides”). It is
not difficult to imagine that, in the interests of maintaining high standards
of accountability and transparency, non-compliance with _any_ of these
regulatory rules may trigger a formal investigation. According to the
Prosecution, once such an investigation is afoot, any false information by a
public servant to divert that investigation away from the true state of
affairs should ordinarily be held to warrant a custodial sentence.

27 We do not agree that it is appropriate to adopt such a blanket approach
against all public servants who have given false information in the context of
an investigation into procurement improprieties. It is important to pause and
examine the nature of the impropriety in the first place. Naturally, the more
serious the impropriety, the more strongly will attempts at concealing it with
false information impact on the integrity of the public service. On the other
hand, there may be improprieties in the procurement process that are the
result of mere technical infringements and it is in this context that we have
serious reservations as to whether the provision of false information
necessarily warrants a custodial sentence. Furthermore, it is also relevant to
consider that some public servants may be motivated to give false information
for a variety of reasons. They may do so for the purely malicious purpose of
creating trouble for an adversary, or they could do so out of a sense of
misguided loyalty to a fellow colleague without seeking any personal gain for
themselves. Given the wide range of scenarios in which the Reframed Question
can possibly play out, we would hesitate in sharing the Prosecution’s view
that the public servant concerned should be sentenced to an imprisonment term
_regardless_. A few simple (and in no way fanciful) examples in this
connection may help to crystallise the point:

(a) Rule 3.2 of Stage 7 of the Procurement IM states that all government
procurement entities shall publish a “Quotation Award Notice” (which is used
to inform suppliers about the outcome of a procurement exercise) on _GeBIZ_
“not later than 3 working days after the date of award … unless there are
practical reasons for … not being able to do so”. The accused, D, is
responsible for publishing such a Notice but he is a day late – he did not
publish the Notice within the prescribed three day period because of an
oversight. Subsequently, D’s department commences an investigation into this
procurement impropriety and D is questioned about how it had occurred. During
the course of the questioning, D is embarrassed by his lapse and, instead of
admitting readily to his error, he attempts to deflect blame from himself by
falsely alleging that a technical glitch had prevented him from publishing the
Notice timeously.

(b) Rule 1.2 of Stage 1 of the Procurement IM states that a document known as
an Approval of Requirement (“AOR”) is required as the first step of the
procurement process to establish the need for procurement and that it “applies
to all procurement, including small value purchases”. The accused, E, is
tasked with the routine procurement of low-value office consumables. He is
satisfied that there is a need for such procurement but forgets to prepare an
AOR. Subsequently, it is discovered that there was no AOR for the procurement
and an investigation is carried out. E is questioned and (just as with D in
the previous example in (a) above) he gives a false statement to deflect blame
– E tells the investigating officer that he prepared an AOR, submitted it to
the relevant department, and that it must have been misplaced in the process
through no fault of his own.

(c) Taking the hypothetical facts in (b) above, imagine now that E remembers
that he has to prepare an AOR. However, he chooses not to prepare one because
he considers getting the necessary paperwork in order too much of a hassle for
such a small value, routine matter. E casually mentions this to the accused,
his colleague, F, who concurs that there is no need to be bound by red tape in
such a situation. F is subsequently questioned during an internal
investigation and, wishing not to land his friend E in trouble, F falsely
mentions that he has no knowledge of how E had handled the procurement.

28 In all of the scenarios set out above, the public servant concerned _had_
given false information in the context of an investigation “touching on
improprieties relating to procurement”. The question is whether a custodial
sentence should be imposed on each of them, _by default_ , on that basis
alone. In our view, that should not be so. In each of these scenarios, it
should be relevant as a sentencing consideration that the underlying breach
committed by the respective procurement officers was fairly administrative in
nature. Each of them might not have strictly followed the relevant procurement
regulations to a tee but, on the given facts, no serious consequences arose
therefrom. False information was then given in each instance but it can hardly
be said to have been with any malicious intent. We should not be understood as
saying that this is wholly innocuous conduct that one can turn a blind eye to.
Rather, the point which we would like to emphasise is that this is not conduct
which so undermines the standing of the public service that the _default_
punishment must necessarily be a custodial term. One should not close the
possibility that a heavy fine, or for that matter just a fine, might be a
sufficient deterrent in these circumstances. In this connection, it bears
mention that the maximum fine under s 182 was enhanced from $1,000 to $5,000
in 2008 so as to give the courts greater flexibility to impose heavier fines
in lieu of an imprisonment term if the facts warranted it (see also _Public
Prosecutor v Alvin Chan Siw Hong_ [2010] SGDC 411 at [8]).

29 As for the alternative scenario in the Reframed Question concerning the
giving of false information in the context of investigations into “allegations
of abuse of office or power”, we find that this begs the more fundamental
questions of what “office” or “power” the relevant public servant holds as
well as the nature of his alleged “abuse”. This is because, as a matter of
logic and commonsense, the more lofty the public servant’s position and the
more serious the abuse, the more deserving he would be of custodial punishment
if he had given false information in those circumstances. For example, a high-
ranking public official may have orchestrated the help of others in embezzling
a substantial amount of public funds. If he provides false information to
investigators in order to conceal his involvement, one can quite confidently
argue that a custodial sentence ought to be imposed in respect of the false
information given the serious consequences which his deception will no doubt
have had on the public’s confidence in the public service. By contrast, we may
also conceive of a situation, at the other extreme of the spectrum, where a
low-level public servant tasked with collecting some form of payment from
members of the public pockets for himself no more than a hundred dollars in
the course of his duties. If this officer provides false information to
mislead an inquiry into the whereabouts of this misappropriated sum, should he
likewise be sentenced to a term of imprisonment? We would not be so quick to
say that he _necessarily_ should.

30 Drawing together the main threads of the foregoing analysis, we think that
it is clear that the factual premise of the Reframed Question is, at once,
both too narrow and too broad. It is too narrow because it fails to account
for a host of potentially relevant sentencing factors (see [22] above), yet it
is also too broad because its key descriptive terms can easily accommodate a
wide-ranging field of scenarios with varying degrees of severity (see
[27]–[29] above). The upshot of this is that, as much as the Prosecution has
sought to pin down an appropriate set of facts in the Reframed Question so as
to leave this court with a pure question of law, the reality is that the facts
remain very much in a state of flux. In our opinion, the Reframed Question
cannot be meaningfully answered without keeping an eye firmly on the _facts_
and, accordingly, any suggestion that it is exclusively a question of _law_
also cannot be sustained. Indeed, if we were pressed to answer the Reframed
Question, we consider that the only reply which we could sensibly give is none
other than that “ _it all depends on the facts_ ”. We are not inclined to
venture further by suggesting anything more than this because, as alluded to
earlier (see [22]–[23] above), it would be unsound, if not even potentially
dangerous, for us to do so. The truth of the matter is that a question
concerning sentence, which is necessarily fact-sensitive, cannot be
camouflaged as a question of law.

31 In any event, the Reframed Question is also, in our view, not a question of
law of _public interest_. As we stated at [20] above, it is for all intents
and purposes a question as to the appropriate sentence to be imposed. However,
as we have stressed in this judgment, sentencing is necessarily a fact-
sensitive inquiry and this would not ordinarily give rise to a question of law
of public interest. The law is clear that a question which is referred to
remedy an error of this nature would not cross the public interest threshold.
As the court noted in _Abdul Salam bin Mohamed Salleh v Public Prosecutor_
[1990] 1 SLR(R) 198 at [28], it is doubtful that the criminal reference
procedure was intended for “questions which by their nature cannot affect the
outcome of cases other than those from which they arose”.

32 Before concluding we would add that this application is very much the thin
end of the wedge. Under our system of criminal justice, there is only one tier
of appeal – a sentence imposed by the State Courts may only be appealed to the
High Court. There is no further appeal beyond that. The criminal reference
procedure is clearly not meant for that and should not be invoked as a
backdoor appeal. Otherwise a dissatisfied accused could also seek to do the
same, although in his case he would need to first apply for leave.

33 In the premises, we decline to exercise our substantive jurisdiction to
answer the Reframed Question. We dismiss the application accordingly.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 10 Apr 2015 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

