Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Ng Chong Ping _v_ Ng Chih-Ming Daren and others (Richwood Design Pte Ltd,
third party;  
; Archideas Design Inc, fourth party)  
[2015] SGHC 75

Case Number| :| Suit No 997 of 2013 (Registrar's Appeal No 48 of 2015)  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 20 March 2015  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Choo Han Teck J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Chelliah Ravindran and Chain Xiao Wei Edmund (Chelliah &
Kiang LLC) for the plaintiff; Shahira Binte Mohd Anuar (Tan Kok Quan
Partnership) for the first and second defendants; Ng Khai Lee Ivan (Infinitus
Law Corporation) for the third defendant and third party; Lee Wei Qi (RHTLaw
Taylor Wessing LLP) for the fourth party.  
Parties| :|  Ng Chong Ping — Ng Chih-Ming Daren and others (Richwood Design
Pte Ltd, third party — Archideas Design Inc, fourth party)  
  
20 March 2015|  
---|---  
  
Choo Han Teck J:

1 The plaintiff is a gardener and landscape designer employed by Teo Landscape
and Maintenance (“the Company”). The first and second defendants (“the
defendants”) are owners of the property at 382A Lorong Chuan (“the Property”).
On 14 January 2012, the defendants engaged the services of the Company to
carry out gardening and landscape maintenance services on the Property. The
plaintiff was deployed by the Company on that day to work on the Property and
was permitted by the defendants to enter the said Property. The plaintiff was
carrying out weeding works along the front boundary wall of the Property when
the boundary wall suddenly collapsed on him. The plaintiff was pinned to the
ground under the weight of the collapsed wall till he was rescued by his co-
worker and some neighbours. He suffered severe injuries to his spinal cord and
lower limbs.

2 The plaintiff brought proceedings against the defendants as owners of the
Property for failing to take reasonable care in ensuring that the boundary
wall was safe, and that the plaintiff would be reasonably safe in carrying out
his services on the Property. The plaintiff claimed for damages for personal
injuries, loss, and expenses suffered as a result of the collapse of the
boundary wall. The defendants were the immediate and obvious tortfeasor for
the plaintiff to sue.

3 The defendants then alleged that it was Richwood Design Pte Ltd, the main
contractors previously engaged to carry out renovation works on the Property,
who was responsible for the collapse of the boundary wall. The renovation
works carried out by Richwood Design Pte Ltd allegedly included alteration
works to the front boundary wall of the Property. The defendants claimed
against Richwood Design Pte Ltd and sought to enjoin them as third party to
the proceedings.

4 Richwood Design Pte Ltd (“the third party”), in turn, then brought a claim
against Archideas Design Inc (“the fourth party”) as designers of the front
boundary wall of the Property, alleging that it was the fourth party who had
assessed the condition of the wall, and instructed the third party to replace
the existing “fair faced bricks” with “vertical mild steel fencing”. As such,
the third party alleged that it was the fourth party who was responsible for
the collapse of the wall.

5 The plaintiff then applied in Summons No 262 of 2015 (“the amendment
application”) for leave to amend his Writ of Summons and pleadings so as to
join the third party as third defendant to the proceedings. The plaintiff also
proposed to amend his pleadings to include additional particulars of the
defendants’ negligence which had surfaced in the course of events. Following
the filing of the amendment application, the parties attended a pre-trial
conference (“PTC”) on 20 January 2015 in which the costs of that PTC were
reserved to the learned Assistant Registrar (“the learned AR”) hearing the
amendment application. On 30 January 2015, at the hearing of the amendment
application, counsel for the third party, Mr Ng, took the opportunity to
submit that there was considerable delay on the part of the plaintiff in
failing to bring proceedings against the third party at the outset. He prayed
for a consequent cost order against the plaintiff. The learned AR granted an
order in terms for the application for leave to amend, but also made the
following cost orders:

(a) Costs of $2,500 (all-in) are to be paid by the plaintiff to the third
party being the costs of the application.

(b) Costs of $800 (all-in) are to be paid by the plaintiff to the fourth party
being the costs of the application.

(c) Costs of $500 are to be paid by the plaintiff to the third party being the
costs of the pre-trial conference of 20 January 2015.

(d) Costs of $1,856.80 are to be paid by the plaintiff to the third party
being cost thrown away in the fourth party proceedings.

6 The plaintiff then appealed against the decision of the learned AR below in
Registrar’s Appeal No 48 of 2015 (“HC/RA 48/2015”). The parties appeared
before me on 13 March 2015. I allowed the appeal and varied the orders below
to costs in the cause. I gave no order on costs of appeal. I now set out the
reasons for my decision.

7 Any party may apply to amend his pleadings at any stage before judgment. If
the amendment is allowed, costs may be awarded against him if the amendment
had caused delay or substantial work for the opposing parties was incurred.
But the order on costs is discretionary and if the court is of the view that
in the overall circumstances of the case the party should not be penalised by
costs it may make no order as to costs, which will in most instances mean that
each party pays his own costs. Alternatively, the court may also order that
the costs of the amendment be costs in the cause, or for costs to be reserved
to the trial judge.

8 In cases where the interlocutory matter runs its course in the action, the
fairest order on costs would be to order that the costs be costs in the cause.

9 In the present case, the plaintiff had insufficient grounds or knowledge as
to the involvement of the third and fourth parties to join them in the action
initially. Given the action and demeanour of the defendants in placing the
blame on the third party (and thereafter the third party placing the blame on
the fourth party), the plaintiff is entitled to join either or both of them as
defendants.

10 It is the prerogative of the plaintiff to join either or both as defendants
and he cannot be compelled to do so, but he must accept the consequences
should the trial judge find that the defendants are not liable and that
liability falls on either or both the third and fourth parties.

11 When a plaintiff applies to join a third or fourth party as a defendant,
and the application is allowed, the order for costs should ordinarily be costs
in the cause since the court had found it reasonable to allow the joinder.
That order would mean that if the plaintiff succeeds against the third party
at trial, the third party has to pay costs to the plaintiff, including the
costs of the application for joining him as a defendant. Conversely, the
plaintiff will pay those costs should he fail in the claim against the third
party at trial. Costs can be ordered against a party specifically at
interlocutory proceedings in some circumstances. For example, where the delay
was deliberate, or where the opposing parties would have incurred costs
unnecessarily – such as having to reply to a second amendment which could and
ought to have been made at the time of the first amendment but was not.

12 In the present case, the only submission by counsel for the third party in
respect of costs was that the plaintiff took too long to apply. That alone is
not a sufficient reason to order costs against the plaintiff. Further, no
prejudice has been shown to the third party that the resulting injustice
cannot be made good by an order for costs in the cause. Ordering costs against
the plaintiff in the present circumstances will result in greater injustice
should the trial judge find against the third party.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 20 Mar 2015 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

