Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Prima Bulkship Pte Ltd (in creditors’ voluntary liquidation) and another
_v_ Lim Say Wan and another  
[2015] SGHCR 10

Case Number| :| Suit No 911 of 2014 (Summons Nos 377 and 378 of 2015)  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 20 April 2015  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Nicholas Poon AR  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Andrew Chan Chee Yin and Alexander Yeo (Allen & Gledhill
LLP) for the 1st and 2nd plaintiffs; Sarbjit Singh and Ho May Kim (Selvam LLC)
for the 1st defendant; Tan Teng Muan and Loh Li Qin (Mallal & Namazie) for the
2nd defendant.  
Parties| :|  Prima Bulkship Pte Ltd (in creditors' voluntary liquidation) and
another — Lim Say Wan and another  
  
20 April 2015|  
---|---  
  
Nicholas Poon AR:

Introduction

1 It is common practice to declare in response to a letter request for further
and better particulars of a pleading or an application for the same that the
best particulars have already been furnished, and no better particulars can be
provided until after the conclusion of discovery and interrogatories. The
court in determining the application may either disregard the declaration and
grant the application, or order the respondent to furnish best particulars
with liberty to supplement after the conclusion of discovery and
interrogatories.

2 Which course the court should take was the crux of Summons Nos 377 and 378
of 2015 (“the Summonses”), two applications taken out by each of the
Defendants for better particulars of a number of averments made by the
Plaintiffs’ in their statement of claim. While most of the Defendants’
requests for better particulars were ostensibly unjustified, there were three
requests which I considered were particulars that ought ordinarily be
provided.

3 Mr Alexander Yeo (“Mr Yeo”) nevertheless sought to persuade me that his
clients, the Plaintiffs, should not have to provide better particulars for
those three requests until after the conclusion of discovery and
interrogatories, principally because his clients had already particularised
their claims as best they could. They did not have knowledge of any other
material facts and were additionally not able to obtain further information
that would enable them to better particularise their averments.

4 I was not persuaded, and ordered the Plaintiffs to furnish better
particulars of the relevant averments. Although the Plaintiffs did not appeal
against my decision, it would be helpful, in my opinion, to issue my written
grounds of decision as the local jurisprudence on this issue is relatively
sparse.

Background

The parties

5 The Plaintiffs in this action, Prima Bulkship Pte Ltd (“Prima”) and Star
Bulkship Pte Ltd (“Star”), were incorporated for the sole purpose of
purchasing vessels to engage in the international carriage of dry bulk
commodities. The Defendants, Mr Lim Say Wan (“Lim”) and Mr Beh Thiam Hock
(“Beh”), were the sole directors of Prima and Star respectively.

6 The main action, Suit 911 of 2014, was commenced by the present liquidators
of the Plaintiffs, Mr Tam Chee Chong and Mr Andrew Grimmett (“Mr Grimmett”),
who were appointed by the High Court on 4 May 2012 (“the Liquidators”). In a
nutshell, the Liquidators allege that the Defendants had breached their
director’s duties.

Purchase of the vessels

7 The genesis of this longstanding dispute began when Lim and Beh were
appointed. On that same day, they each caused a director’s resolution to be
passed, authorising the Plaintiffs to:

(a) purchase suitable dry bulk vessels to engage in the international carriage
of dry bulk commodities;

(b) enter into any memorandum of agreements pertaining to the purchase of
those vessels; and

(c) appoint the same three specifically identified persons as the company’s
attorneys-in-fact, each of whom had extremely wide powers to do such acts and
things that are necessary to further the company’s business mandate (the “POA
Holders”).

8 Also on the same day, the Plaintiffs signed two separate Memoranda of
Agreement with two companies (“the Sellers”) for the purchase of a vessel from
each seller for US$34m each (the “MOAs”). One of the POA Holders signed the
MOAs on behalf of the Plaintiffs.

9 The remainder of the procedural history is rather convoluted. To cut a long
story short, the Plaintiffs subsequently breached their obligation under the
MOAs to pay the Sellers a deposit of US$3.4m for each vessel, prompting the
Sellers to cancel the MOAs and commence two parallel London arbitrations which
resulted in two awards that resolved, as a preliminary issue, that the
Plaintiffs were each liable for the deposit sum with interest.

The appointment of the Liquidators

10 Before the awards on the preliminary issue were rendered, the Sellers were
informed by the Plaintiffs’ solicitors that the Plaintiffs had been dissolved
pursuant to a creditors’ voluntary winding up.

11 Despite several rounds of correspondence with the liquidator managing the
winding up, the Sellers were none the wiser as to the events leading up to the
winding up. Dissatisfied and suspicious of some irregularities which they
discovered, the Sellers commenced new winding up proceedings in the High Court
against the Plaintiffs, seeking amongst other prayers, orders that any
purported dissolution of the Plaintiffs be declared void and that the
Plaintiffs be restored to being in liquidation.

12 Both of those prayers were granted by Chan Seng Onn J. That was how the
Liquidators came to be in control of the Plaintiffs.

The interview with the Defendants

13 The Liquidators thereafter held two meetings with the Defendants (“the
Interviews”). A range of questions, spanning the entire chronology from the
Defendants’ appointment as directors to the circumstances leading to and
resulting in the void liquidation of the Plaintiffs, was fielded by Mr Yeo and
his colleague. The first interview lasted about 1.5 hours; the second lasted
just over an hour.

14 The Defendants answered some but not all of the questions posed. Suffice to
say, the impression given at the end of the Interviews was that the Defendants
were nominee directors. They were, it seems, appointed only because the
shareholders or investors which had incorporated the Plaintiffs required
Singapore directors. They had minimal to no participation in the affairs of
the Plaintiffs from the moment they passed the director resolutions appointing
the POA Holders.

Commencement of this action

15 Sometime after the Interviews, the Plaintiffs’ solicitors wrote to the
Defendants’ solicitors demanding from each of the Defendants the deposit of
US$3.4m and £4,650 (the cost of the award payable to the tribunal) on the
ground that Lim and Beh had breached their director’s duties to Prima and Star
respectively. The Defendants refused to pay. The Plaintiffs then commenced the
present action.

Present applications

16 As alluded to at the outset, three of the Defendants’ requests for better
particulars warranted deeper consideration (“the Three Requests”). They were:

(a) In respect of the averment, “[f]urther in the course of managing the
affairs of Prima and Star, Lim and Beh had acted together in the course of
their respective directorships of the Companies”, please state the full facts,
circumstances and grounds relied upon by the Plaintiffs in support of the
allegation that Lim and Beh had “acted together” (“the First Request”).

(b) In respect of the averment, “[a]s director of Star, Beh was accustomed to
and did act in accordance with the directions or instructions of Lim”, please
state the full facts, circumstances and grounds relied upon by the Plaintiffs
in support of the allegation that “Beh was accustomed to and did act in
accordance with the directions or instructions of Lim” (“the Second Request”).

(c) In respect of the averment, “[f]urther, the Directors held themselves out
to possess and/or did in fact possess special knowledge or experience as
Directors …”, please state the full facts, circumstances and grounds relied
upon by the Plaintiffs in support of the allegation that each of the
Defendants had “held [himself] out to possess special knowledge or experience
as [Director]” (“the Third Request”).

17 As the arguments unfolded, it became clear that the generality of the
Plaintiffs’ pleadings in relation to the Three Requests did call for a more
precise, elaborate formulation. The sole question, therefore, was whether
there were sufficient grounds to postpone the provision of better particulars
until after the conclusion of discovery and interrogatories.

Parties’ submissions

The Plaintiffs’ submissions

18 Stressing that the state of the Plaintiffs’ pleadings was not self-induced,
Mr Yeo submitted that Plaintiffs were suffering from a deficit of information,
in large part because the first liquidator had destroyed the Plaintiffs’
books. The Liquidators therefore did not have knowledge of and were not in a
position to obtain information that would enable them to better particularise
their claims. Mr Yeo said that these were all recorded in the Plaintiffs’
response to the Defendants’ request for particulars by letter as well as in Mr
Grimmett’s affidavit opposing the Summonses.

19 Mr Yeo’s secondary submissions as to why the provision of particulars
should be postponed were namely, (a) the particulars sought were within the
Defendants’ knowledge, not the Plaintiffs’, and (b) the Defendants owed
fiduciary duties to the Plaintiffs.

The Defendants’ submissions

20 The Defendants’ position was presented by Ms Ho May Kim (“Ms Ho”) and Mr
Tan Teng Muan (“Mr Tan”), counsel for Lim and Beh respectively. Although Ms Ho
and Mr Tan each tendered written submissions, for most parts, Mr Tan was
content to ally himself with the oral submissions of Ms Ho. Therefore, purely
for convenience, I shall refer to Ms Ho’s submissions as if they were made on
behalf of both Defendants.

21 Ms Ho’s submissions revolved around the basic principle that the onus was
on the Plaintiffs to properly particularise their claims. Her concern was that
if the Plaintiffs were allowed to plead in the widest terms possible as they
have done, those pleadings would serve as the springboard for a fishing
expedition during the discovery and interrogatories stage.

22 In the same vein, Ms Ho submitted that even if the Defendants knew the true
facts of the case better than the Plaintiffs, that was immaterial as the
Defendants are entitled to know the outline of the Plaintiffs’ case, even if
that case is very different from the true facts of the case.

23 Last but not least, Ms Ho argued there was no general principle that the
existence of a fiduciary relationship necessarily justifies the postponement
of the provision of better particulars.

Issues

24 The central issue, thus, was whether the provision of better particulars
should be postponed on account that:

(a) the Defendants were fiduciaries of the Plaintiffs;

(b) the Plaintiffs’ circumstances placed them in an inferior position of
knowledge relative to the Defendants; or

(c) the Plaintiffs had, at any rate, declared that they have already provided
the best particulars they can.

My decision

The Defendants as fiduciaries of the Plaintiffs

25 I was not convinced that the law recognised that a fiduciary relationship
between the applicant and respondent (even if proved) justified the suspension
of provision of better particulars that would otherwise have been ordered.

26 One of the main authorities cited by Mr Yeo was _Haw Par Brothers
International Limited and Another v Jack Chiarapurk also known as Jack Chia
and others_ [1991] SGHC 45 (“ _Haw Par_ ”), a High Court decision of Goh Joon
Seng J and the only local case to have expressed any views on the issues at
stake in the present applications.

27 The facts of _Haw Par_ (which are reproduced at [57] to [59] below) are
immaterial to this first issue. What is material is that although Goh J did
cite with approval a proposition from _Zierenberg v Labouchere_ [1893] 2 QB
183 (“ _Zierenberg_ ”) that discovery should precede the provision of better
particulars in cases where a fiduciary relation exists between the parties,
the learned judge did not elaborate on the principle undergirding such a
proposition. Neither did the learned judge explain whether his decision was
based on the application of this proposition. _Zierenberg_ was the last of a
string of references from a block citation.

28 A decision of the English Court of Appeal, _Zierenberg_ concerned the
extent of particulars needed to be furnished by a defendant in a libel action.
The court, comprising Lord Esher MR, Bowen and Kay LJJ, was in agreement that
the defendant was obliged to particularise the defence of justification prior
to discovery. Kay LJ went further to distinguish defendants in a libel action
from defendants charged for committing fraud in their capacity as agents or
trustees. He opined that in the latter group of cases (at 189–190):

… the fiduciary relation, and the circumstance that the facts are generally
known only to the defendant, or at least that he has means of knowledge not in
the first instance equally accessible to the plaintiff, may justify the Court
in requiring the defendant to make discovery before the plaintiff is called on
to give particulars, because the fiduciary relation of the defendant to which
the plaintiff entitles the plaintiff to all the knowledge which the defendant
may have …

29 Several comments should be noted of this passage which was also cited by Mr
Yeo in support of his argument, first of which is that this observation of Kay
LJ was _obiter_ , as there was no similar pronouncement in the leading
judgment of Lord Esher MR with whom Bowen LJ concurred.

30 Second and more importantly, Kay LJ was not in my view so much establishing
a general proposition that a fiduciary relationship by that very fact alone
invited a different set of rules, as he was highlighting that the
circumstances in each case mattered. It is true that cases of fiduciary
relationships should be scrutinised more closely because there is a higher
possibility of knowledge asymmetry. However, it would be going one step too
far to say that there is a general rule that discovery should precede the
provision of particulars in cases where the applicant is alleged to have owed
fiduciary duties to the respondent. Indeed, this was how Chitty J in the
English High Court case of _Waynes Merthyr Company v D Radford & Co._ [1896] 1
Ch 29 (“ _Waynes Merthyr_ ”) at 34–35 also interpreted the dictum of Kay LJ.

31 Third, there is nothing in the cases referred to by Kay LJ which points
unambiguously to the existence of such a general proposition. The first of the
two cases cited, _Leitch v Abbott_ (1886) 31 Ch D 374 (“ _Leitch_ ”), stands
for the proposition that the generality of an allegation of fraud is not a bar
to discovery, particularly where the very reason for the pleader’s inability
to plead except in general terms is ignorance of some fact which is known
_only_ to the other party (at 379).

32 The other case, _Sachs v Speilman_ (1887) 37 Ch D 295 (“ _Sachs_ ”),
concerned a plaintiff suing the defendant for acting as principal and not as
the plaintiff’s agent in the purchase and sale of certain shares and
securities, even though the defendant had been engaged to act as the
plaintiff’s stockbroker for the transactions. Applying the reasoning in
_Leitch_ , North J dismissed the defendant’s application for better
particulars prior to putting up his defence because he was convinced that the
particulars requested were _all_ in the knowledge of the defendant (at 305).

33 Thus, neither _Zierenberg_ , nor _Leitch_ and _Sachs_ stand for the
proposition that an allegation of the existence of a fiduciary relationship
triggered, without more, the postponement of the provision of better
particulars.

The Plaintiffs’ lack of knowledge and inability to obtain the relevant
information

34 It follows from the foregoing that Mr Yeo was on firmer territory in
arguing that the Plaintiffs were disadvantaged in terms of knowledge of the
material facts. Reliance was placed, in particular, on the English Court of
Appeal’s decision in _Millar v Harper_ (1888) 38 Ch D 110 (“ _Millar_ ”).

35 _Millar_ involved a dispute between the executors of the defendant’s wife’s
estate and the defendant. The executors who were the plaintiffs claimed that
the under a settlement agreement between the defendant and his wife, the wife
was entitled to retain various chattels following their marriage under her
separate estate. The plaintiffs hence commenced proceedings seeking a
declaration that certain chattels in the defendant’s possession belonged to
the wife’s estate. The defendant in turn applied for full particulars of the
chattels that were said to belong to the wife’s estate.

36 In a preliminary hearing, the first instance judge directed the defendant
to make an affidavit stating which of the items in an inventory of chattels in
the defendant’s home drawn up by the plaintiffs previously came within the
scope of the marriage settlement agreement. This was not complied with,
resulting in the defendant’s application for better particulars being
dismissed.

37 His appeal was also dismissed. Cotton LJ delivering the longest (though at
ten lines was not lengthy by any measure) of the three judgments explained
that while the defendant must know what furniture his wife had, the plaintiffs
could not be supposed to have any such knowledge. Accordingly, in these
circumstances, “it is right that discovery should come first” (_Millar_ at
112), notwithstanding that it was also right that the plaintiffs would
eventually have to provide better particulars before trial. Bowen LJ
considered this approach “good practice” and rooted in “good sense” (_id_).

38 The reasoning in _Millar_ is, with respect, somewhat threadbare, and
invariably invites contrast against another familiar principle, which is that
the “state of knowledge of [the applicant] has no bearing on the
[respondent’s] responsibility to supply them”, given that the applicant is
entitled to know, regardless of his knowledge of the facts, what case the
respondent intends to put at trial: see _Keshi Pty Ltd and Another v Firefly
Press (Australia) Pty Ltd and Others_ [2008] FCA 440 (“ _Keshi_ ”) at [30];
and B C Cairns, _Australian Civil Procedure_ (Lawbook Co, 9th Ed, 2011) at
para 6.470. As also stated pithily in _Singapore Civil Procedure_ vol 1 (G P
Selvam gen ed) (Sweet & Maxwell, 2015) at para 18/12/63, “each party is
entitled to know the outline of the case that his adversary is going to make
against him, and to bind him to a definite story”.

39 There is undoubtedly some tension between this principle which renders the
applicant’s extent of knowledge of the particulars requested irrelevant, and
cases such as _Millar_ , _Leitch_ and _Sachs_ , which have given protection to
respondents who are ignorant of material particulars which are entirely in the
knowledge of the applicants. In my view, the path to reconciliation of the two
seemingly conflicting positions can be found in the decision of Chitty J in
_Waynes Merthyr_.

40 In that case, the plaintiffs claimed that the defendants had fraudulently
misrepresented on a number of occasions coal not from the plaintiffs’ colliery
as coal obtained from that colliery. Particulars were given of one such
occasion. As to that occasion, the defendants averred that fraud had been
committed by one of its clerks. They however sought better particulars in
relation to the other occasions generally pleaded. The plaintiffs submitted
that they did not have the requisite information to frame accurate particulars
of the other instances of fraud. As the defendants, not the plaintiffs, had
the means of information which the plaintiffs did not, the plaintiffs argued
that discovery should be permitted to precede the delivery of better
particulars.

41 Chitty J agreed with the plaintiffs. First, he was swayed by the fact that
the defendants could, by a careful examination of their books, have the means
of discovering whether any other frauds similar to those alleged had been
committed within the period that the plaintiffs had limited its case to, an
avenue that was not so available to the plaintiffs. Second, he noted that the
defendants had already “admitted the fraudulent use” of two of the plaintiffs’
permits (_Waynes Merthyr_ at 35). For Chitty J, these facts substantiated his
judgment that the plaintiffs’ claim was not “a fishing case, but one having
_substantial foundation_ [emphasis added]” (_Waynes Merthyr_ at 35 and 36).

42 This “substantial foundation” or “non-fishing” principle, as it were, has
also been referred to with approval in a series of Australian cases, including
_Tomazos and another v Tomazos and others_ (1993) 115 FLR 215; _Graphite
Energy Pty Ltd & anor v Lloyd Energy Systems Pty Ltd & ors_ [2014] NSWSC 1326;
and _WA Pines Pty Ltd v Bannerman_ (1980) 41 FLR 175 (“ _WA Pines_ ”).

43 In _WA Pines_ , a decision of the Federal Court of Australia, Brennan J
(with whom Bowen CJ and Lockhart J agreed) acknowledged that there could be
cases where discovery is permitted before a claim was particularised but those
were mostly explained by an anterior relationship between the parties which
entitles one to obtain information from the other, or sufficient is shown to
ground a suspicion that the party applying for discovery has a good case proof
of which is likely to be aided by discovery. That was however not the case on
the facts there (at 181) as:

… where a bare allegation is made by [para 6] of the statement of claim and,
the paragraph being denied, the applicant seeks to interrogate the Chairman
and ransack his documents in the hope of making a case. That is mere fishing.
… for the court to assist the applicants by making available to them the
processes of interrogatories and discovery would be to assist them in an
essentially fishing exercise and from this the court on established principles
should refrain …

44 Fitzgerald J sitting in the Federal Court of Australia in _Lyons v Kern
Construction (Townsville) Pty Ltd_ (1983) 70 FLR 135 summed the position up
thus (at 151):

[T]hroughout all the cases, there is an insistence that discovery not be made
available to a party before pleading or particulars for the purpose of
“fishing”. Even if a fishing investigation is not what is intended, the proper
balance of the competing considerations may require the court to refuse early
discovery. ...

As to what amounts to fishing, Fitzgerald J cited with approval the following
instructive extracts from various judgments (at 152):

“The moment it appears that questions are asked and answers insisted upon in
order to enable the party to see if he can find a case, either of complaint or
defence, of which at present he knows nothing, and which will be a different
case from that which he now makes, the rule against ‘fishing’ interrogatories
applies.” [_Hennessy v Wright_ (1888) 24 WBD 445 at 448]

“A plaintiff who issues a writ must be taken to know what his case is. If he
merely issues a writ on the chance of making a case he is issuing what used to
be called a ‘fishing bill’ to try to find out whether he has a case or not.
That kind of proceeding is not to be encouraged. For a plaintiff after issuing
his writ but before delivering his statement of claim to say, ‘Show me the
documents which may be relevant, so that I may see whether I have a case or
not’, is a most undesirable proceeding.” [_Gale v Denman Picture Houses Ltd_
[1930] 1 KB 588 at 590]

“A ‘fishing expedition’, in the sense in which the phrase has been used in the
law, means, as I understand it, that a person who has no evidence that fish of
a particular kind are in a pool desires to be at liberty to drag it for the
purpose of finding out whether there are any there or not.” [_Associated
Dominion Assurance Society Pty Ltd v Sir John Fairfax & Sons Ltd_ (1955) 72
W.N. (N.S.W.) 250 at 254]

45 In summary, where a respondent claims to have no knowledge of the
particulars sought, and further claims to be unable to obtain that information
pending discovery and interrogatories, the court must go further to assess the
sustainability of the specific averments in the totality of the existing
pleadings and evidence. If the respondent is unable to satisfy the court that
the specific averments for which particulars are sought have a “substantial
foundation”, the court should ordinarily order better particulars.

46 Consequently, the principle that the applicant’s level of knowledge is
irrelevant is correct, to the extent that the inquiry is rightly focused on
the respondent. At the same time, it is also correct that a respondent who is
ignorant of material facts ought to be permitted to provide particulars after
the conclusion of discovery and interrogatories, though not merely because
those facts are entirely in the knowledge of the applicant which is a
necessary condition, but equally because there is substantial foundation to
the respondent’s averments for which particulars are sought. Inevitably,
whether there is substantial foundation, and in what form, varies from case to
case.

47 In my view, this approach fairly balances the applicant and respondent’s
respective interests, that is, for the applicant, the expectations of
certainty as to the case which it has to meet as well as not be subjected to
an overly expansive discovery and interrogatories process, and for the
respondent, the expectation that it should be able to have recourse to
discovery and interrogatories to equalise any informational handicap not of
its own doing. I was also mindful that an overly forgiving philosophy may
encourage respondents to be lackadaisical in their approach towards the
formulation of their case, which is neither beneficial to the court, the
parties or the overall resolution of the dispute.

48 Applying all of the above to the present case, the Plaintiffs’ claims at
least in relation to the Three Requests had, to my mind, little to no
substantial foundation, and appeared more likely to be an attempt to fish for
new claims.

The First Request

49 On the First Request (see [16(a)] above), which concerned the circumstances
under which Lim and Beh acted together in the course of their directorship of
each of the Plaintiffs, Mr Yeo submitted that Lim and Beh had so admitted in
the Interviews to acting together. The basis of Mr Yeo’s submission was one
paragraph of the minutes which recorded the following:

Lim stated that he and Beh acted together, that ‘everything else is the same’
and that whatever information they have, ‘it is together’. SS (another counsel
for the Defendants) stated that the Directors were appointed on the same day
and acted together. SS preferred that they both be present as he acts for both
of them and it would be inconvenient otherwise.

50 Although this seems like an admission of the same nature that proved to be
material in _Waynes Merthyr_ , it becomes far more ambiguous when read in
context. The above paragraph was in response to a request by Mr Yeo that the
interviews with Lim and Beh be conducted separately. Thus, in saying that they
acted together or had the same information, I understood the Defendants and
their solicitor to mean that they were in the same boat, that they were both
nominee directors appointed for the same purpose by the shareholders, and that
they had discharged their responsibilities against that backdrop.

51 It is one thing to say that both Defendants regarded themselves as nominee
directors with identical responsibilities and mandate, and another to say that
they had “acted together”. A simple admission to the former was not sufficient
ground for an inference of the latter.

The Second Request

52 On the Second Request (see [16(b)] above), the foundation of the
Plaintiffs’ allegation that Beh was accustomed to and did act in accordance
with the directions or instructions of Lim, was even shakier. The Defendants
were left in the dark as to what it was that Lim did which Beh followed to
such extent that Beh could be said to have acted in accordance with the
former’s directions or instructions. By that same token, the Defendants also
had no way of knowing what about Lim’s pattern of conduct Beh was accustomed
to follow and did follow.

53 It did not help Mr Yeo’s case that there was a real doubt as to whether the
Defendants were employed by the same company – Corporate Managers Pte Ltd
(“CMPL”) of which Lim was a director – at the material time. Although the
Plaintiffs averred that Beh was an employee of CMPL at all material times,
this was refuted by Lim and Beh who both claimed that Beh only joined CMPL on
1 November 2011 which was after the Plaintiffs had already been placed under
the first liquidation. As between the two averments, it seemed to me that the
Defendants’ version was facially more credible.

The Third Request

54 As for the Third Request (see [16(c)] above), I likewise did not see any
substantial foundation for the allegation that Lim and Beh had held themselves
out as possessing special knowledge or experience as Directors. The Interviews
made it clear that the Defendants saw themselves as having been appointed for
an extremely limited purpose. That being the case, it seemed counter-intuitive
that the Defendants would have held themselves out to possess or in fact
possessed special knowledge or experience as directors.

55 On balance, I was not satisfied that there was a substantial foundation for
the three averments in respect of which the Defendants were seeking better
particulars Accordingly, to allow the Plaintiffs to proceed to discovery and
interrogatories without better particularisation would be to permit the
Plaintiffs to fish for new claims under the guise of a hypothesis that is
largely conjectural at this point.

The Plaintiffs’ declaration that it could not provide better particulars
pending discovery and interrogatories

56 On the final issue, that of whether the outcome should be different if the
respondent has declared that it is unable to provide better particulars, I was
of the view that it did not matter once the court concludes that there is no
substantial foundation for the averments for which particulars are sought.

57 Locally, the only case which seems to have touched on this point, albeit
gently, is _Haw Par_. The plaintiffs and the defendants in that case were
partners in a joint venture. Under their joint venture agreement, the joint
venture companies would have use of the plaintiffs’ Tiger Balm trademarks, and
shall manufacture, market and distribute the Tiger Balm products in numerous
countries across Asia.

58 Sometime towards the end of the joint venture (after the plaintiffs had
intimated they would not renew the joint venture agreement), the defendants
began manufacturing and marketing their own balm products under another brand,
the Golden Lion Shield brand. The plaintiffs sued the defendants for, amongst
other things, breach of the joint venture agreement. They claimed that the
defendants had manufactured their own products in the same location as and
with the same personnel from the joint venture companies. The plaintiffs also
claimed that the defendants had priced the Tiger Balm products less
competitively than the defendants’ own Golden Lion Shield products.

59 The application for better particulars was taken out by the defendants who
asked for particulars relating to the manufacturing process of the Tiger Balm
products, as well as the pricing mechanism used by the joint venture
companies. While Goh J upheld the assistant registrar’s decision below to
order best particulars within 30 days of discovery or interrogatories, it was
evidently on the basis that he did not consider the plaintiffs’ allegations as
to the defendants’ mismanagement of property and personnel and pricing to be
without substantial foundation. And it was not difficult to see why, given
that the defendants were manifestly in control of the joint venture companies.
In fact, the 1st defendant was the managing director and chief executive
officer of the joint venture companies.

60 In other words, _Haw Par_ can be justified on the same principle in _Waynes
Merthyr_ , even though Goh J did not admittedly articulate his decision in
those terms. More importantly, nowhere in _Haw Par_ was there articulated a
principle that a declaration by the respondent that no better particulars may
be provided pending discovery or interrogatories is on its own sufficient to
warrant a postponement of the provision of better particulars.

61 Mr Yeo sought to persuade me otherwise in his further written submissions
by referring to two Australian decisions. I accepted that the court in those
cases implicitly affirmed the approach which permits a respondent who has
indicated that it is unable to provide better particulars to provide best
particulars pending completion of discovery. However, I did not consider these
authorities to be of any utility because the principle upon which those
decisions were made is far from apparent.

62 In _National Mutual Life Association of Australasia Limited v Tolfield Pty
Ltd (No 3)_ [2012] FCA 100, the learned judge simply stated (at [14]) that he
accepted the respondent’s contention that it had provided the best
particulars, and hence the “preferable approach” was to give the respondent
liberty to amend the particulars after discovery.

63 The explanation in _Styles v Clayton Utz (No 3)_ [2011] NSWSC 1452 was also
brief. The learned judge indicated (at [64]) that he would order better
particulars to be provided “unless it is indicated that the defendants have
provided the best particulars they are able to provide of that paragraph”.
There was no explanation, either of principle or policy, why he was prepared
to require the defendants to only furnish best particulars upon a declaration
by the defendants of the same.

64 On the contrary, the Australian authorities cited by Ms Ho in her second
round of submissions were closer to the mark. _Sedco Forex International Inc v
Nexus Energy WA Proprietary Limited (No 2)_ [2013] FCA 216 (“ _Sedco Forex_
”), in particular, provided a good illustration of the relevant concepts and
how they ought to be applied.

65 The applicant’s claim was primarily for damages for the respondents’
repudiatory breach of a drilling contract and a cooperation agreement. One of
the first respondent’s defence was that the applicant was not ready, willing
and able to perform the drilling contract at all material times as there were
defects with the rig which the applicant was supposed to supply. This was
disputed by the applicant which requested the first respondent to
particularise this aspect of its defence. It was argued by the applicant that
without further particularisation discovery was an “impossible exercise”,
would be expensive, and would cause significant delays in the advancement of
the proceedings.

66 The first respondent resisted, claiming that without a full and complete
discovery of the appropriate documents it would not be able to identify all
the defects in the rig. Especially pertinent to the present case was that the
first respondent, like the Plaintiffs, submitted to the court that “it [had]
given all the particulars it can at this point” – it had already
particularised some defects; and the others were within the applicant’s
knowledge. The applicant countered that there was no evidence that the first
respondent could not particularise further with the materials and information
that it already had. Rather, the first respondent was on a fishing expedition
and was seeking to delay the trial.

67 Barker J sitting in the Federal Court of Australia dismissed the first
respondent’s arguments. Noting that the crux was whether it could be said that
the first respondent was on a fishing expedition, the learned judge took the
view that the behaviour of the first respondent fell very much into the
category of a fishing expedition because it was seeking to undertake a
comprehensive search of the applicant’s documents to “see if any other
‘defects’ can be found” when it “does not know if there are any others” and
where “there is nothing to suggest there are any” (see _Sedco Forex_ at
[39]–[41]). It was not a case, Barker J said, of there being some evidence
that supported the allegation.

68 There is some overlap between _Sedco Forex_ and _Waynes Merthyr_ because an
assertion that best particulars have already been provided, as made in _Sedco
Forex_ , typically follows from an assertion of lack of knowledge, inability
to procure the relevant information, or such similar handicap, as made in
_Waynes Merthyr_. Logically, it is therefore strictly immaterial whether a
respondent asserts blankly that it is not able to provide better particulars,
or does not have the means to provide better particulars. In both instances,
where the applicant has established that the respondent’s pleadings are
inadequately particularised, the onus is on the respondent to convince the
court that notwithstanding its lack of knowledge of the material particulars,
there is a substantial foundation for its averments.

69 Hence, having decided in the first instance that the Plaintiffs’ claims in
relation to the Three Requests had little to no substantial foundation, and
appeared more likely to be an attempt to fish for new claims, it did not
matter that they had declared that they were unable to provide better
particulars.

Conclusion

70 For all of the foregoing reasons, I allowed the Defendants’ applications in
so far as it related to the Three Requests. Nevertheless, as all of the other
requests were dismissed, I awarded the Defendants a reduced amount in costs.

71 Finally, it remains for me to record my utmost appreciation to Mr Yeo, Ms
Ho and Mr Tan (and their respective colleagues) for their written submissions
which were of the highest quality, and for the patience, deference and
professionalism which they scrupulously exercised in the course of presenting
their oral arguments, all without any compromise in conviction of their
clients’ cases. The court was ably assisted.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 20 Apr 2015 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

