Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  PT Sandipala Arthaputra _v_ STMicroelectronics Asia Pacific Pte Ltd and
others  
[2015] SGHC 301

Case Number| :| Suit No 542 of 2012 (Summonses Nos 3342 of 2015 and 4013 of
2015)  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 25 November 2015  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  George Wei J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Govintharasah s/o Ramanathan and Sarah Kuek Xin Xin
(Gurbani & Co LLC) for the plaintiff; Danny Ong, Yam Wern-Jhien and Eugene Ong
(Rajah & Tann LLP) for the first and third defendants.  
Parties| :|  PT SANDIPALA ARTHAPUTRA — STMICROELECTRONICS ASIA PACIFIC PTE LTD
— OXEL SYSTEMS PTE LTD — VINCENT, PIERRE, LUC, COUSIN — PAULUS TANNOS —
CATHERINE TANNOS — LINA RAWUNG  
  
25 November 2015| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
George Wei J:

Costs

1 This is my decision on costs for Summons No 3342 of 2015 (“SUM 3342”) and
Summons No 3725 of 2015 (“SUM 3725”). Both summonses concern applications for
anti-suit injunctions taken out by the first and third defendants against the
plaintiff in Suit No 542 of 2012 (“the Singapore Action”). To provide some
context to my decision on costs, I shall first set out a brief overview of
what transpired in the proceedings.

2 The plaintiff commenced the Singapore Action in 2012. Almost three years
later, in early 2015, the plaintiff commenced a fresh action in Jakarta
(“Jakarta Action”) against, _inter alia_ , the third defendant and the parent
company of the first defendant. In response to this development, the first and
third defendants applied, in SUM 3342, for a final anti-suit injunction to
restrain the plaintiff’s pursuit of the Jakarta Action against the third
defendant and the parent company of the first defendant. This application was
taken out on the basis that the plaintiff’s pursuit of two simultaneous and
duplicative actions was vexatious and oppressive.

3 As there was reason to believe that the court in Jakarta may delve into the
merits of the case prior to the hearing of the application for the final anti-
suit injunction, the first and third defendants sought an interim anti-suit
injunction (“the Interim Order”) to preserve the status quo pending the
hearing of the application for the final anti-suit injunction. This was the
subject matter of SUM 3725. The application for the Interim Order was heard
and granted on 4 August 2015.

4 On 28 August 2015, I heard the application for a final anti-suit injunction
(“the Final Order”). I found that the plaintiff’s pursuit of two similar (if
not identical) actions in Singapore and Jakarta was vexatious and oppressive
and granted the Final Order. After delivering my decision on SUM 3342 on 4
September 2015, I directed parties to tender brief submissions to the court on
the appropriate basis for the costs award. After perusing the submissions that
the parties have tendered, I am of the considered view that costs should be
awarded on an indemnity basis.

The arguments

5 In so far as the Interim Order is concerned, the first and third defendants
submit that an award of indemnity costs is warranted as the application for
the Interim Order was entirely necessitated by the plaintiff’s unreasonable
conduct. The instances of unreasonable conduct cited include _inter alia_ :

(a) The plaintiff’s failure to respond to a letter requesting the plaintiff to
confirm that it would not take any further steps in the Jakarta Action pending
the hearing of the application for the Final Order.

(b) The plaintiff’s refusal to amend its statement of claim in the Jakarta
Action so as to ensure that the court documents for the Jakarta Action were
properly served on the third defendant in Singapore.

6 In so far as the Final Order is concerned, the first and third defendants
submit that an award of indemnity costs would be appropriate because the grant
of the injunctive relief is premised on a finding that the respondent’s
conduct is vexatious or oppressive (or unconscionable). The first and third
defendants also argue that an award on the indemnity basis is particularly
warranted given the plaintiff’s egregious conduct — it had participated
substantively in a hearing in the Jakarta Action on 12 August 2015 in breach
of the Interim Order.

7 In response, the plaintiff argues that an award of indemnity costs is
inappropriate. In a nutshell, the plaintiff contends that the court’s
discretion to award indemnity costs should only be exercised in exceptional
circumstances and that there are no such exceptional circumstances in the
present case. To that end, the plaintiff submits that it had not acted in bad
faith and had not abused the process of the court in any manner.

Decision

8 It is trite that costs may be awarded on an indemnity basis if there are
exceptional circumstances justifying such an award. In _Tan Chin Yew Joseph v
Saxo Capital Markets Pte Ltd_ [2013] SGHC 274 (“ _Tan Chin Yew_ ”), Vinodh
Coomaraswamy J commented, at [97], that “[t]he burden on a party who seeks an
order for indemnity costs as a matter of discretion is… a high one”.
Coomaraswamy J went on to cite with approval the following remarks of Millett
J in _Macmillan Inc v Bishopsgate Investment Trust plc_ (10 December 1993,
unreported) (at [98]):

The power to order taxation on an indemnity basis is not confined to cases
which have been brought with an ulterior motive or for an improper purpose.
_Litigants who conduct their cases in bad faith, or as a personal vendetta, or
in an improper or oppressive manner, or who cause costs to be incurred
irrationally or out of all proportion as to what is at stake, may also expect
to be ordered to pay costs on an indemnity basis if they lose_ , and have part
of their costs disallowed if they win. Nor are these necessarily the only
situations where the jurisdiction may be exercised; the discretion is not to
be fettered or circumscribed beyond the requirement that taxation on an
indemnity basis must be 'appropriate'.

[emphasis added]

9 The first and third defendants contend that Millett J’s remarks apply to the
present case. They also rely on the case of _Australian Commercial Research
and Development Ltd v ANZ McCaughan Merchant Bank Ltd_ [1989] 3 All ER 65 (“
_ANZ_ ”) to support their claim for indemnity costs. That case concerned an
application for leave to stay proceedings on the ground that there were
duplicative proceedings in England and Australia. Sir Nicolas Browne-Wilkinson
VC (as he then was) allowed the plaintiff’s application to stay the English
proceedings but ordered the plaintiff to pay costs on an indemnity basis. He
remarked at 73c:

… The plaintiff should not have commenced two sets of proceedings relating to
the same subject matter, either in the same jurisdiction or in two different
jurisdictions. By so doing it has duplicated the costs which will have to be
incurred by the defendant. In those circumstances, it seems to be right that
the defendant should recover fully the costs thrown away since they need never
have been incurred at all but for the plaintiff’s act.

10 The first and third defendants also rely on the Court of Appeal’s decision
in _Beckkett Pte Ltd v Deutsche Bank AG and another_ [2011] 2 SLR 96 (“
_Beckkett_ ”). In that case, the appellant’s action in Singapore was dismissed
by the High Court. The appellant appealed. After substantive submissions had
been made on appeal and during the period that the Court of Appeal took to
deliberate over matters, the appellant commenced an identical action in
Indonesia. The respondent then applied for and obtained an injunction to
restrain the appellant from proceeding with the action in Indonesia. The Court
of Appeal upheld the grant of the injunction, stating that it would have
granted costs on an indemnity basis and stressed that it did not do so only
because the respondent’s conduct was also deplorable (at [26]). The plaintiff,
on the other hand, seeks to distinguish _Beckkett_ on the basis that its
conduct was not as egregious as that of the appellant in _Beckkett_.

11 I am satisfied that indemnity costs are appropriate for both SUM 3342 and
SUM 3725. My reasons are as follows.

12 First, whilst the facts of _Beckkett_ are not on all fours with the present
case, it was nevertheless wasteful and oppressive for the plaintiff to have
commenced proceedings on the same/similar subject matter in two separate
jurisdictions when it had clearly no good reasons for doing so. The
applications for the Interim Order and the Final Order would not have been
necessary but for the fact that the plaintiff sued in one place too many. I do
not, however, place weight on the first and third defendants’ assertion that
the plaintiff had breached the Interim Order because no material has been
tendered in support of that assertion.

13 Second, the plaintiff drew my attention to the cases of _Koh Kay Yew v
Inno-Pacific Holdings Ltd_ [1997] 2 SLR(R) 148 and _John Reginald Stott
Kirkham and others v Trane US Inc and others_ [2009] 4 SLR(R) 428 in which
anti-suit injunctions were granted and costs were awarded on a standard basis.
However, in my judgment, both cases do not assist the plaintiff. Those cases
involved situations where the plaintiffs had only started one action. This
must be contrasted with the present case in which the plaintiff had commenced
actions concurrently in two jurisdictions when it should not have done so.

14 Finally, I stress that it does not necessarily follow that indemnity costs
would be appropriate in every case where an anti-suit injunction is granted.
Each case turns strictly on its own individual facts.

15 For the foregoing reasons, costs are to be paid by the plaintiff to the
first and third defendants, and are to be agreed or taxed on an indemnity
basis.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 25 Nov 2015 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

