Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Ding Si Yang _v_ Public Prosecutor and another appeal  
[2015] SGHC 8

Case Number| :| Magistrate's Appeal No 158 of 2014/01/02  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 16 January 2015  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Chan Seng Onn J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Hamidul Haq, Thong Chee Kun, Ho Lifen and Michelle Lee
(Rajah & Tann LLP) for the appellant in MA 158 of 2014/01 and the respondent
in MA 158 of 2014/02; Alan Loh, Grace Lim, Sherlyn Neo and Asoka Markandu
(Attorney-General's Chambers) for the respondent in MA 158 of 2014/01 and the
appellant in MA 158 of 2014/02.  
Parties| :|  Ding Si Yang — Public Prosecutor  
  
16 January 2015| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Chan Seng Onn J:

1 This case concerns two magistrate’s appeals against the decision of the
District Judge in _Public Prosecutor v Ding Si Yang_ [2014] SGDC 295 (“the
GD”). The first appeal, Magistrate’s Appeal No 158 of 2014/01, is an appeal by
Ding Si Yang (“Ding”) against conviction and sentence. The second,
Magistrate’s Appeal No 158 of 2014/02, is the prosecution’s cross-appeal
against sentence.

2 After a 25-day trial in the court below, Ding was found guilty on three
charges of corruptly giving gratification to three Lebanese match officials as
an inducement for them to fix a football match that they would be officiating,
which are offences under s 5(_b_)(i) of the Prevention of Corruption Act (Cap
241, 1993 Rev Ed) (“PCA”).

3 Section 5 of the PCA reads as follows:

**5.** Any person who shall by himself or by or in conjunction with any other
person —

(_a_) corruptly solicit or receive, or agree to receive for himself, or for
any other person; or

(_b_) corruptly give, promise or offer to any person whether for the benefit
of that person or of another person,

any gratification as an inducement to or reward for, or otherwise on account
of —

(i) any person doing or forbearing to do anything in respect of any matter or
transaction whatsoever, actual or proposed; or

(ii) any member, officer or servant of a public body doing or forbearing to do
anything in respect of any matter or transaction whatsoever, actual or
proposed, in which such public body is concerned,

shall be guilty of an offence and shall be liable on conviction to a fine not
exceeding $100,000 or to imprisonment for a term not exceeding 5 years or to
both.

4 On 24 July 2014, the trial judge sentenced Ding to 18 months’ imprisonment
on each of the charges, with two (DAC 11276/2013 and DAC 11277/2013) to run
consecutively. The total sentence was therefore 3 years’ imprisonment.

5 On 19 September 2014, I dismissed Ding’s appeal against conviction. On 17
October 2014, I reserved judgment after hearing the arguments of the parties
on sentence. In this judgment, I am only dealing with the issues relevant to
the appropriate sentence.

The relevant facts

6 The relevant facts, as found by the trial judge, can be briefly summarised.
On 2 April 2013, three Lebanese football match officials arrived in Singapore
to officiate an Asian Football Confederation (“AFC”) Champions League match to
be held on the following day. The three officials were Ali Sabbagh (“PW1”),
Ali Eid, and Abdallah Taleb.

7 PW1 had been introduced to Ding by one of PW1’s friends. Ding used the
pseudonym “James Zen” when communicating with PW1. These conversations were
innocuous at first. Ding explained to PW1 that he had a company that organised
international friendly matches and he was looking to employ overseas referees.
However, it turned out that Ding had more sinister motives. Ding’s real
interest was to get PW1 involved in his match-fixing activities.

8 In March 2013, PW1 called Ding to let him know of his upcoming trip to
Singapore. During this conversation, Ding told PW1 that since he was visiting
Singapore for the first time, Ding must “take care” of him. When PW1 asked the
accused to “find some girls”, Ding laughed and told him that girls “[are] very
easy in Singapore”.

9 Ding was also aware that Abdallah Taleb and Ali Eid would be coming to
Singapore together with PW1 in April 2013. In an email to PW1, Ding had asked
PW1 if the two of them would be “interested in doing business”.

10 After his arrival in Singapore, PW1 had several conversations with Ding
about “girls”. PW1 said that Ding called him after a meeting in a Subway
restaurant to tell PW1 that he wanted to “give” him girls, and asked PW1 what
type of girls he needed. After checking with the other two match officials,
PW1 subsequently asked Ding to provide them with the girls he promised.

11 In the early hours of 3 April 2013, the three match officials were visited
by three social escorts who provided them with sexual services that the match
officials did not have to pay for. The trial judge found that it was Ding who
supplied them with the social escorts, at no cost. Ding used an intermediary,
one Choo Beng Huat, to contact the “mamasan” of the girls. The extent of
Choo’s involvement is not entirely clear as Choo was not called as a witness.
While there is no evidence that the social escorts were expressly told to
provide sexual services to the match officials, the trial judge found that
sexual services were within the scope of the services that they were to
provide, and that payment would be forthcoming from whoever booked them for
this purpose.

12 Before coming to his decision as to Ding’s motive for giving the match
officials gratification, the trial judge found that Ding was either a match-
fixer or involved in match-fixing. The trial judge was inclined to believe
PW1’s testimony that Ding had asked him to fix an AFC Cup quarter-final match
in September 2012, but PW1 did not do so, which resulted in a scolding from
Ding by email. PW1 also stated that in an AFC Cup semi-final match held in
Iraq in October 2012, PW1 (as the reserve referee) overheard two of the main
match officials speaking about fixing the match. One of them said that “James”
would be giving him money and a mobile phone.

13 Ding’s involvement in match-fixing is also apparent from the contents of
certain emails. Of particular interest are two emails that Ding sent to PW1.
The first email contained several links to videos of certain controversial
refereeing decisions that had been uploaded to YouTube. The forensic
examination of Ding’s notebook did not uncover the exact email that was sent
to PW1 but similar emails sent to other persons were retrieved, and PW1 gave
evidence that he received a similar email from Ding.[note: 1]

14 For context, I will set out more details about this email. It was titled
“Education Video”.[note: 2] The email had two sections, one “For REFEREES” and
one “FOR ASSISTANTS REFEREES [_sic_]”. For referees, Ding had a list of videos
under the headings “How to give Penalties if we WANT goals” and “BEST Penalty
Given”. In describing this “best” penalty, Ding had written “how he do job
Saudi Referee, nobody drop nobody do anything in the box when corner come in
he just blow”.

15 For assistant referees, he also had videos listed under the following
headers: “Look at how the assistant referees put up FLAG (goalkeeper move
before kick or players go into penalty box encroachment) and RETAKE the
penalty if miss!!”, “If we WANT goals; clear OFFSIDE but Goal given” and “If
we DO NOT want goals; NO OFFSIDE but Goal NOT given”.

16 Ding told PW1 to watch the videos to do a “good job”. PW1 understood this
to mean that Ding wanted him to make the wrong decisions. As the trial judge
put it, “people do not normally send FIFA officials links to videos showing
bad or controversial refereeing decisions and then telling [_sic_] them to ‘do
a good job’”. As Ding kept a high level of operational security, the trial
judge inferred that he did not erase this particular email because “it was a
meticulously curated set of YouTube links and he may have had reason in the
future to send it to other referees” (the GD at [52]). This email, which was
kept in an encrypted email folder, was retrieved from Ding’s notebook.[note:
3]

17 The second email (dated 6 August 2012) was in response to questions that
PW1 sent Ding.[note: 4] The trial judge summarised the email as follows (at
[55] of the GD):

55 The e-mail, which is too lengthy to reproduce here, exhorted PW1 to look at
the videos to “try to understand how to do a good job.” The e-mail also
purported to answer two of PW1’s questions:

55.1 The first answer was that they (as the accused used “we” instead of “I”)
did not “do jobs” for all matches and gave 4 reasons why they would not do a
job.

55.2 The second answer was that PW1 “can stop do job anytime you want. There
is no force or must do.” However, he assured PW1 that nobody will stop because
“this business give better money in 1 year more than you be AFC referees for
10 years.”

18 There was also an email on 5 November 2012 that Ding sent to PW1 that said:
“Like I said, if you feel comfortable or confident to do a job let me know.”

19 The trial judge also noted the furtiveness of the transaction. Ding’s use
of a false name in dealing with the match officials has already been mentioned
(at [7] above). He used a SIM card registered to an unknown foreigner when
calling PW1 on his handphone. He also encrypted his notebook and used email
and messaging services that involved encrypted communications.

20 Nevertheless, the trial judge found that there was, as yet, no agreement
between Ding and any of the match officials to fix any “actual” match.
Instead, Ding had provided the gratification to induce the match officials to
_agree_ to get _involved_ with Ding in match-fixing. To borrow the trial
judge’s words, Ding was trying to secure an “in principle” agreement before he
would divulge the necessary particulars. In a sense, it was part of the
preliminary preparation to the actual act of match-fixing. The corrupt object
of the transaction, therefore, is the _buying over_ of the match officials,
the type of act that Yong Pung How CJ described aptly in _Hassan bin Ahmad v
Public Prosecutor_ [2000] 2 SLR(R) 567 at [20] as the purchase of the
recipient’s servitude.

The trial judge’s reasons for the sentence

21 In determining the appropriate sentence to be meted to Ding, the trial
judge looked at the harm or potential harm of the offence, as well as Ding’s
individual culpability.

22 On the issue of harm, he noted that match-fixing offences have the effect
of putting the sport into disrepute. They also affect Singapore’s reputation
as a place with low levels of corruption, especially taking into account
Singapore’s drive to be a prime venue for prestigious international sporting
events. He also found that the harm caused by match-fixing today is _greater_
than in the past, as a result of the advent of online betting, as this meant
that such offences would be more lucrative and harder to detect. Nevertheless,
he considered the fact that the accused’s offence did _not_ result in an
actual match being fixed as being relevant to the assessment of the harm or
potential harm.

23 As for Ding’s individual culpability, the trial judge found that Ding was
well aware that match-fixing would have deleterious effects on both the global
image of the sport and the reputation of Singapore. It was a premeditated
offence done in view of the potential profits that could accrue to him if he
successfully cultivated the match officials. Ding also demonstrated
persistence in his attempts to get PW1, as well as the match officials working
with PW1, involved in match-fixing. In this regard, the trial judge noted that
Ding had asked PW1 on more than one occasion whether he was interested in
“doing business” and Ding also posed the same question to PW1 with respect to
the other two match officials once he learned that they were coming to
Singapore.

24 Ding was also found to be part of an organised group to carry out match-
fixing. However, the trial judge did not find that the accused was a member of
a “large international criminal syndicate”, at least on the scale proposed by
the prosecution. He also remarked that he would have been prepared to pass the
sentence suggested by the prosecution (of 4 to 6 years’ imprisonment) if there
was evidence that showed that Ding played a “major role” in a large criminal
organisation.

25 In awarding an imprisonment term of 18 months per charge, the trial judge
was also cognisant that this was significantly higher than what the match
officials received after they pleaded guilty. PW1 was sentenced to 6 months’
imprisonment, while Ali Eid and Abdallah Taleb were both sentenced to 3
months’ imprisonment each. The trial judge justified this on the fact that
Ding was more culpable than the match officials.

26 However, the trial judge declined to award an additional fine as he was of
the view that the imprisonment term was sufficiently deterrent and there was
no evidence that Ding benefitted financially as a result of these particular
offences.

Summary of parties’ submissions

Ding’s submissions

27 Ding’s counsel submits that the sentence imposed is unduly and manifestly
excessive, and completely disproportionate, with regard to both the
established sentencing benchmarks as well as the sentences imposed on the
match officials.[note: 5]

28 Three grounds are raised in support of the above proposition. First, no
harm resulted from Ding’s actions. No match was fixed or even agreed to be
fixed; accordingly Singapore’s reputation has not been damaged.[note: 6]

29 Second, Ding’s culpability is on the low end of the scale. The match
officials were the ones who solicited the services of the social escorts. If
PW1 had not asked for “girls”, the circumstances that gave rise to the charges
against Ding would not have arisen.[note: 7] Moreover, the sexual services
provided by the social escorts were solicited by the match officials
themselves. Ding had not expressly offered the social escorts’ sexual services
to them.[note: 8]

30 Third, Ding did not benefit from his actions.[note: 9]

Prosecution’s submissions

31 In the court below, the prosecution sought a sentence of 2 to 3 years’
imprisonment per charge. At the hearing before me, the prosecution makes clear
that they are seeking a sentence of 3 years per charge. The prosecution also
maintains that an additional fine of $40,000 to $100,000 for each charge would
be appropriate. In summary, the prosecution is seeking an aggregate sentence
of 6 years’ imprisonment plus a fine of $120,000 to $300,000.

32 The prosecution submits that the trial judge erred in the following
ways:[note: 10]

(a) by failing to find that Ding was a member of a large international match-
fixing syndicate;

(b) by failing to give due weight to the fact that the case presented the
highest degree of syndication in match-fixing in Singapore to date;

(c) by failing to find that Ding played a major role in the match-fixing
syndicate when his role was critical to the operation of the syndicate;

(d) by failing to consider or sufficiently consider Ding’s lack of remorse;

(e) by according undue weight to the fact that Ding’s offence did not actually
result in a match being fixed;

(f) by failing to accord due weight to the distinguishing factors between the
present case and local match-fixing precedents; and

(g) by failing to appreciate that the imposition of additional fines in this
case is a necessary response to the profitability of match-fixing offences.

33 The prosecution also submits that the precedents represent outdated
sentencing norms that ought to be reappraised.

Relevant sentencing principles

Deterrence

34 General deterrence is the dominant sentencing consideration when it comes
to match-fixing offences. This was clearly stated by Chan Sek Keong CJ in
_Zhao Zhipeng v Public Prosecutor_ [2008] 4 SLR(R) 879 (“ _Zhao Zhipeng_ ”) at
[28]:

I endorse the approach that deterrence is the most appropriate and therefore
the dominant sentencing principle in match-fixing offences. In my view, it is
particularly appropriate in the context of match-fixing in the S.League, as I
will elaborate in [30] to [32] below. In many corruption cases, the need for
specific deterrence may be absent, depending on the role of the defendant, his
culpability and the social harm that might be caused. In the present case, for
instance, the appellant will not be able to offend again in Singapore as he
will be repatriated to China. He might not even be able to re-offend in China
if he is banned from playing professional football because of his conviction
here. _Nevertheless, there is clearly a need to impose a sentence which would
act as a general deterrence against corruption in football games in
Singapore_. [emphasis added]

35 Chan CJ also stated in _Zhao Zhipeng_ at [33] and [34] that, as a result of
the internationalisation of the S.League, there is a greater public interest
in deterring match-fixing offences as it could damage Singapore’s
international reputation, in particular, in the context of our country’s drive
to be a prime venue for prestigious international sporting events. While his
comments were made in the context of match-fixing within Singapore, they are
in my view also applicable to match-fixing activities that originate in
Singapore for matches that occur outside our national boundaries. I am not
surprised if betting operations in Singapore are not restricted to matches
that take place in Singapore, and those matches outside Singapore have more
following and betting interest. I note that it was PW1’s evidence that he
understood that after the provision of the free sexual services, Ding would
definitely want PW1 to fix future AFC Champions League matches that he would
be officiating.[note: 11]

36 I agree that general deterrence is the dominant sentencing principle in
match-fixing cases. The harm of match-fixing is multi-fold. Sport is one of
the best and most popular expressions of human excellence. A good sportsman is
not merely a good athlete but one who exercises the virtues of good
sportsmanship. All might be fair in love and war, but in sport one must play
by the rules. Anything achieved in a sporting endeavour by foul means is no
achievement at all. Accordingly, there is no legitimacy in an organised sport
that does not uphold the cardinal virtue of fair play. As Hein Verbruggen,
President of SportAccord (the umbrella organisation for 105 sports
federations) stated:[note: 12]

_Integrity in sport is our most important commodity._ Fans must believe what
they see on the field of play represents a true test of the competitors’
skills. If they cannot, there is a real risk that they will ignore the sport
and take sponsors and broadcasters with them. [emphasis added]

37 In the present case, the sport concerned is football, and the social,
recreational and economic value of the sport was recognised in _Zhao Zhipeng_
at [30]. The global appeal of football needs no elucidation. One merely needs
to flip to the sports section of any newspaper or turn on the television.
Accordingly, the corruption of sport in general and football in particular is
the undermining of a public good.

38 There are also those whose interest in sport is of a more pecuniary nature
– namely, those who bet on the results of games. Match-fixing, as the
prosecution rightly characterises it, is a form of betting fraud. Even here,
the concept of fairness comes to the fore – match-fixers exploit their
unlawful foreknowledge of the results to gain an unfair advantage over the
bettors who play by the rules. It is important not to make the mistake of
comparing such activities to “simple theft”. As noted in Chris Eaton,
“Government action on match-fixing” (2013) 1(2) ICSS Journal 36 at p 38:

International betting fraud is not a simple theft. It is sophisticated,
technical and disguised criminal cheating and fraud on a truly global scale.
It is the vulnerability of international betting to large-scale theft that
inspires and pays for modern match-fixing. It is also a cash bonanza for the
criminal organisations that are seeking to take control of both match-fixing
and betting fraud.

39 It is clear that match-fixing is the practice of deceit on multiple levels.
It robs from the participants the glory of true sporting achievement, it
denies the viewers from witnessing an authentic spectacle and it distorts the
betting markets for illegal gain.

40 Match-fixing is not a localised problem but one that transcends national
boundaries. Enforcement bodies, bound as they are by territorial limits, are
constrained in their efforts to defeat criminal syndicates that operate across
multiple jurisdictions. As the territorial scourge of match-fixing has
expanded, so has its profitability. Technological advances have made such
offences harder to detect and prosecute. The facts of the present case
illustrate this. Indeed, Ding himself employed a high level of “Operational
Security”, to borrow the trial judge’s term.

41 Related to the internationalisation of match-fixing is the harm that is
caused to Singapore’s reputation by such activities – a point, as I have noted
at [35] above, which was recognised in _Zhao Zhipeng_ as another factor that
reinforces the need for general deterrence. The public interest in preventing
the image of Singapore from being tarnished was also raised by Yong Pung How
CJ in _Kannan s/o Kunjiraman and another v Public Prosecutor_ [1995] 3 SLR(R)
294 (“ _Kannan v PP_ ”) at [24].

42 Unfortunately, there are clear indications from various statements and news
reports tendered by the prosecution that Singapore has in recent years
acquired “an insalubrious reputation as a haven for match-fixers”.[note: 13]
The prosecution has emphasised that it is not saying that Singaporean
enforcement agencies have been remiss in their attempts to stamp out such
activities. What it means is that, despite the enforcement agencies’ tireless
efforts, offences of this nature are not just hard to detect but difficult to
prove with admissible evidence or credible witnesses in a court of law.[note:
14] For completeness, Ding’s counsel submits that just as there are comments
from various corners that Singapore is not doing enough, so too are there
people who say Singapore is a harsh country. I do not think that the reports
demonstrating the damage to Singapore’s reputation can be so easily brushed
aside.

43 Finally, the prosecution reiterates the point raised in _Zhao Zhipeng_ that
match-fixing hurts Singapore’s drive to be a prime venue for prestigious
international sporting events. Although more than six years have passed since
the judgment in _Zhao Zhipeng_ , the sentiments expressed by Chan CJ remain
true today. The prosecution cites other examples of Singapore’s continuing
ambition in this respect, including the continued hosting of the Formula One
Grand Prix. Investment of hundreds of millions of dollars in building the
Sports Hub, which is now up and running, further demonstrates the seriousness
with which Singapore is pursuing its goal of becoming a prime international
sporting venue. The economic repercussions for not severely curtailing match-
fixing in Singapore are therefore all too apparent.

44 There is ample reason, therefore, for general deterrence to be the primary
consideration in sentencing persons who play a role in match-fixing, and this
is particularly acute in instances where there is a cross-border element to
the offence.

45 For completeness, I note that the issue of specific deterrence was absent
in _Zhao Zhipeng_ for the reasons stated in the citation at [34] above. Here,
Ding is a Singaporean and there is every possibility that he can re-offend,
whether in Singapore or overseas. His offences are clearly premeditated, and
in such circumstances, specific deterrence is an appropriate consideration:
see _Public Prosecutor v Law Aik Meng_ [2007] 2 SLR(R) 814 at [22].

Retribution

46 The prosecution argues that retribution also features as a key sentencing
consideration because of the seriousness of the offence, as determined by two
factors, namely, the extent of the offender’s culpability and the degree of
harmfulness of the conduct.[note: 15] I do not think this can be seriously
disputed. The harm that results from match-fixing offences has been
sufficiently explicated above and I need not repeat myself. Clearly, the
punishment must reflect the gravity of the offence, and the present offences
are certainly serious ones.

Whether sentencing norms for match-fixing offences should be recalibrated
upwards

47 This is an appropriate juncture to consider the prosecution’s submissions
that the sentencing norms for match-fixing offences should be recalibrated
upwards. In a speech at the 11th Subordinate Courts Workplan in 2002, Yong CJ
issued a timely reminder for the need to constantly review and adjust the
sentencing framework for benchmark sentences to keep abreast with changing
times and moral trends.[note: 16] In other words, sentencing benchmarks are
_not_ set in stone – the courts must constantly be alive to changing
circumstances. While the interests of parity and consistency require that
there must be good and considered reasons for an increase, or for that matter,
a decrease, in the sentencing benchmarks, the courts have not shied away from
making necessary adjustments when the circumstances merit it.

48 A recent example of this being done is the case of _Public Prosecutor v Yue
Liangfu_ (Magistrate Arrest Case No 4821/2013 (unreported)), where Senior
District Judge See Kee Oon (as he then was) prescribed a starting benchmark of
9 months’ imprisonment for cases involving theft committed on board Singapore-
controlled aircraft. In his brief grounds of decision, the Senior District
Judge noted that the sentences passed in similar cases dealt with in 2013 had
generally ranged from 6 to 12 weeks’ imprisonment. His reasons for raising the
sentencing benchmark included the difficulty of detection and prosecution, the
real likelihood that such criminal conduct may be linked to organised crime
syndicates, and also the increasing prevalence for such offences.

49 The prosecution also puts forward the somewhat commonsensical proposition
that to deter a would-be offender, the “expected costs” of the offence must
exceed the “expected benefits”. The prosecution further explains its
proposition by using the following formula:

_Expected costs_ |  |  _Expected benefits_  
---|---|---  
Chances of being arrested and successfully prosecuted (A) |  |  Chances of successfully committing the crime (C)  
X |  **>** |  X  
Punishment imposed (B) |  |  Benefits derived from the crime (D)  
  
  

To be clear, I do not think the prosecution is saying that the optimal
sentence for any individual offender can be derived by plugging in a set of
numbers to the above formula in a mechanical fashion. Given the form that the
formula takes, it is in any event inherently impossible to obtain a useable
value for the punishment to be imposed. The formula – which only really
considers what factors are necessary to deter a rational offender – does not
capture all the nuances involved in sentencing any offender, which may often
engage considerations other than general deterrence. The assumption of a
certain level of rationality on the part of the offender also implies that the
formula may be more relevant to crimes of intention, especially if planning is
involved, and to demonstrate generally the correlation or interplay between
the relative degree of punishment to be imposed for effective general
deterrence as against the probabilities of arrest and eventual conviction and
the probabilities of getting the benefits derived from the crime. I accept
that the formula is useful to show that the appropriate punishment to be
imposed (B) is directly proportional to elements (C) and (D) and inversely
proportional to element (A). Quite simply, when an offence becomes harder to
detect, easier to commit or more lucrative, the court ought to adjust the
punishment upwards to ensure that the element of deterrence is properly
maintained.

50 The prosecution has demonstrated that in the last decade all the elements
(A), (C) and (D) have all shifted for match-fixing, and in particular football
match-fixing, thereby justifying a reassessment of the appropriate sentencing
benchmark (B).

51 There have been statements made by Deputy Prime Minister and Minister for
Home Affairs, Mr Teo Chee Hean, relating to the difficulty of detecting these
crimes. Mr Teo discussed some of the difficulties that hamper enforcement
efforts – the fact that some of these activities are conducted outside
Singapore, the fact that criminal syndicates have structures that are complex
and layered, with networks that span multiple countries, as well as the fact
that such match-fixers are “quick to adapt their operations to evade
detection” (_Singapore Parliamentary Debates, Official Report_ (21 October
2013) vol 90).

52 The difficulty of detection is also exacerbated by the availability of more
modern technology and the advent of online betting, which results in increased
anonymity, a point which the trial judge had taken into account (see [22]
above).

53 Further, the transnational nature of such offences also results in
additional hurdles to the prosecution of offenders. For example, there is an
additional difficulty in securing witnesses willing to cooperate and testify
against such offenders, a point which was made by the Second Minister for Home
Affairs Mr S Iswaran in Parliament (_Singapore Parliamentary Debates, Official
Report_ (11 November 2013) vol 90).

54 The increasing prevalence of match-fixing is another factor to be taken
into account. The prosecution argues that, considering the transnational
nature and cross-border effects of match-fixing today, it is necessary not
only to consider local crime statistics but also the _global_ prevalence of
the offence. I agree. The global impact of match-fixing can be seen from the
results of an investigation led by Europol and several European countries from
July 2011 to January 2013, which found that there were attempts to fix more
than 380 professional football matches involving 425 match officials, club
officials, players and criminals from more than 15 countries. Worryingly, the
report also stated that there is evidence that 150 of these cases and the
operations were run out of Singapore with bribes up to 100,000 euros paid per
match.

55 The increasing prevalence of match-fixing is a consequence of the
increasing scale of profitability of the offence. In this regard, the
prosecution refers to comments made by Mr Ronald Noble, the Secretary General
of Interpol, in a speech given on 17 January 2013 titled “Match-Fixing: the
ugly side of the beautiful game”. Mr Noble noted that the reason why match-
fixing has become so pervasive is money. Illegal betting encompasses a market
that is said to be in the range of hundreds of billions of euros per year,
with estimates that large bookmakers have revenues on the same scale as the
Coca Cola company.

56 With regard to the appropriate benchmark sentence, the prosecution states
that the highest sentence for an individual charge imposed on a match-fixer
(disregarding offences with aggravating factors unique to that particular
offender) is 18 months’ imprisonment. In its written submissions on sentence,
the prosecution argues that the starting point ought to be higher than that,
and submitted that the starting point should be 2 years per charge.[note: 17]
It is clear from the context of the submissions that the prosecution makes a
clear distinction between a match-fixer as opposed to those involved in the
game (who would typically be the recipient of the bribe). The latter category
may require different sentencing considerations. I emphasise that in this
judgment, I am only concerned with the appropriate sentencing benchmarks for a
match-fixer like Ding, as opposed to match officials like PW1, for example.

57 In summary, the prosecution has put forward a well-researched and
convincing case for its appeal against the leniency of the sentence. I agree
with the prosecution that the sentencing norms must be re-assessed in light of
the increased lucrativeness and anonymity of match-fixing offences as well as
the increased potential for reputational harm to Singapore. A sharp upward
recalibration is timely and merited.

58 Under the present circumstances, an appropriate guideline sentence in my
view is 3½ years’ imprisonment for an offence of bribing players, referees,
other football officials or any other persons in order to fix football matches
at the FIFA World Cup level committed by a fairly seasoned match-fixer, who is
facing the law for the first time for the offence (_ie_ , he is not one who is
apprehended at his very first attempt at match-fixing), who appears to be a
member of an organised syndicate and who is convicted after a full trial. If
relevant mitigating circumstances exist (_eg_ , full cooperation with
investigations, provision of useful intelligence information leading to the
arrest of other syndicate members, plea of guilty at the first available
opportunity, a novice match-fixer, not part of any syndicate, who is caught at
this very first attempt at match-fixing), or if relevant aggravating
circumstances exist (_eg_ , similar previous convictions of match-fixing
exist, many charges taken into consideration for the purposes of sentencing,
the offender belongs to the top echelons of a criminal match-fixing
syndicate), they will have to be considered in the context of the sentencing
framework provided as a guide to determine the appropriate sentence to be
imposed for each of the charges proceeded with, having regard to all the
circumstances of the particular case. The guideline sentencing framework can
be found at Annex A of this judgment.

59 If it is instead a case of fixing a football match at the S.League level
(as opposed to that at the FIFA World Cup level), and assuming other basic
facts are unchanged, the appropriate guideline sentence may be reduced from 3½
years’ to 1½ years’ imprisonment, having regard to the fact that the S.League
is many notches below the FIFA World Cup in all respects. I believe these new
benchmark sentences are sufficiently severe to ensure that a match-fixer will
find the stiff imprisonment term to be so unattractive that he will think very
hard before he is enticed by the lucrative monetary gains to commit his next
bribery offence, thinking that he can still get away with it because the risk
of getting caught is extremely small.

Application to the facts

Harm caused by Ding’s actions

60 Ding’s counsel contends that no harm was caused by Ding’s actions because
no particular match was fixed or even agreed to be fixed. In particular,
Ding’s counsel argues that no damage was caused to Singapore’s reputation.
This argument is plainly unsustainable. The very fact that Ding had attempted
to corrupt a number of foreign match officials who officiate international
matches would no doubt reinforce the unfortunate global perception of
Singapore as a haven for match-fixing. As the prosecution argues, the harm to
Singapore’s reputation is increased “when a Singaporean offender is seen to
export corruption in sport beyond our shores”.[note: 18] The trial judge was
right to take the damage to Singapore’s reputation and image into
consideration as the nation’s international reputation and standing must be
jealously safeguarded at all times.

61 Nevertheless, the trial judge is also not wrong to have said that the fact
that no match was fixed is a relevant consideration. Even so, the impact of
this factor must be carefully considered. Take for example a situation where
no match was fixed because the person who was bribed had second thoughts, or
was prevented from doing so through the timely intervention of an enforcement
agency. In the present case, the fact that no match was fixed was due to the
vigilance and effectiveness of the officers from the Corrupt Practices
Investigation Bureau (“CPIB”). This is not something that Ding deserves any
credit for. In such circumstances, little weight should be placed on the fact
that no match was actually fixed.

62 The prosecution also emphasises the point that Ding had bribed match
officials, who have relatively more control over the game as opposed to
players[note: 19] and hence, the potential harm is greater. I note, however,
that this assertion is not entirely supported by the article the prosecution
relies on, which also noted that referees are often, unwittingly, unable to
deliver a successful fix (Kevin Carpenter, “Match-Fixing – The Biggest Threat
to Sport in the 21st Century” [2012] 2 ISLR 13 at 16). While the perception
that referees have more control explains why referees are prime targets for
match-fixers, I am not prepared to say that corrupting match officials such as
referees and assistant referees _per se_ would lead to greater harm or even a
higher chance of a match being fixed than bribing the other persons involved
in the sport, such as players, coaches, agents, club owners and so on.

63 In any event, even if no loss or damage is actually sustained to any
_particular_ party, this factor takes a backseat when an overriding public
interest is involved. As Yong CJ noted in _Public Prosecutor v Ng Tai Tee
Janet and another_ [2000] 3 SLR(R) 735 (“ _Ng Tai Tee_ ”) at [28]:

In the proceedings before me, counsel for the respondents belaboured the point
that no actual harm or loss was suffered by any party and that the respondents
believed that they had not caused anyone to suffer. This argument was in my
view, misconceived. _When considerations of public interests were implicated,
these factors were of less relevance or importance. The loss or damage
sustained was of an intangible nature and the ultimate victim was the State._
In any case, an act had in fact taken place in consequence of the abetment,
the principal offence was not completed only due to the alertness of the SATS
officer. The respondents were certainly not entitled to claim any credit for
this. [emphasis added]

Ding not benefiting from the corrupt transactions

64 Ding’s counsel also asserts that the fact that Ding did not benefit from
the corrupt transactions (because no match was fixed) was a point in Ding’s
favour. While there is no evidence Ding made any money as a result of his
present offences, the fact that he did not make a financial gain from an
illegal transaction is of little mitigating weight (_Lai Oei Mui Jenny v
Public Prosecutor_ [1993] 2 SLR(R) 406 at [3]).

65 While Ding did not profit by his offence, the trial judge rightly took into
account the fact that Ding was _motivated_ by the prospect of financial gain,
which is a recognised aggravating factor. As noted in _Zhao Zhipeng_ at [37],
“[p]ersons who act out of pure self-interest and greed will rarely be treated
with much sympathy”.

Whether Ding or the match officials solicited the gratification

66 Ding’s counsel argues that it was the match officials who solicited the
services of the social escorts. Ding merely provided the social escorts after
the match officials had asked for them.

67 For the proposition that the person who _solicits_ the gratification is
more culpable than the person who provides the gratification, Ding’s counsel
refers to the case of _Public Prosecutor v Zhong Xiaoqin_ [2010] SGDC 80 (“
_Zhong Xiaoqin_ ”). In that case, the accused was a worker at a massage
parlour who bribed a police officer using sex and money to induce the latter
to provide her with tip offs of impending raids on her massage establishment.
The accused pleaded guilty to, _inter alia_ , five charges under s 6(b) of the
PCA. The police officer pleaded guilty to five charges under s 6(a) of the
PCA, receiving 10 months’ imprisonment per charge, with three to run
consecutively. His total sentence was 30 months imprisonment, with a penalty
of $7,000. The accused’s counsel had argued that she ought to face a sentence
lower than that imposed on the police officer.

68 With respect to the relative culpability between the accused and the police
officer, the District Judge stated in _Zhong Xiaoqin_ at [14]:

… I noted that it was the Accused who initiated contact with Ong – she called
him, arranged to meet him, and then offered the gratifications by way of money
and sexual favours. There was no indication that Ong solicited any of this or
pressured the Accused into giving the gratification. Further, Ong in fact
tipped-off the Accused on two occasions, such that she kept her massage
establishment closed on one occasion so that no raid could be effected, and
was aware of the raid on the other. The Accused thus benefitted from the
gratification which she gave to Ong, and his tip-offs clearly involved a
compromise of duty on his part, resulting in an interference with the proper
administration of justice.

69 At the next paragraph, it was stated:

I thus saw no reason why the Accused should be treated any less severely than
Ong. _In fact, as the initiator of the corrupt transactions, she offered the
gratification to serve her own ends and pervert the course of justice. Her
culpability could thus be perceived as greater than Ong’s._ … [emphasis added]

70 On the facts, the District Judge in _Zhong Xiaoqin_ decided that the
culpability of the accused and the police officer on the PCA offences were not
appreciably different. The District Judge therefore sentenced her to 10
months’ imprisonment on each of the five proceeded PCA charges that she faced.
Three of those terms, as well as another imprisonment term of 4 months for one
of the unrelated charges she faced, were ordered to run consecutively. The
total sentence was therefore 34 months’ imprisonment.

71 _Zhong Xiaoqin_ does not assist Ding’s case – in fact, it undermined it.
The assertion that it was actually the match officials who solicited the
gratification was based on a microscopic and inappropriate way of looking at
what actually transpired. It is clear that Ding _initiated_ the corrupt
transactions. True, it was PW1 who first mentioned girls, but it is also true
that it was Ding who first sought out PW1. It was Ding who attempted to
cultivate PW1 over a period of time. It was Ding who told PW1 that he must
“take care” of him. It was only then that PW1 asked Ding to “find some girls”.
The prosecution aptly characterises Ding’s actions and his words as a
“standing offer” of some kind of gratification, even if the exact _form_ had
not been decided.[note: 20] Indeed, the facts show a high level of
premeditation and sophistication on the part of Ding. The use of sophisticated
methods to avoid detection also shows that the offences were carefully
planned.

72 Further, Ding’s counsel also asserts that it ought to weigh in Ding’s
favour that Ding had not _expressly_ offered the social escorts’ sexual
services to the match officials. The match officials were the ones who
initiated the sexual acts with the social escorts. Quite simply, I am unable
to see why Ding ought to be given any credit at all for this point. As the
trial judge had found, the provision of sexual services was part of the
“outside job” that the social escorts were engaged to do. I very much doubt
that Ding had any illusions as to why the match officials were interested in
“girls”, at such a late hour in the night.

Whether Ding was a member of a large international syndicate

73 To begin, the prosecution takes issue with the trial judge’s statement that
“simply attaching a label of ‘syndicate member’ to an offender is not a
sufficient reason to enhance the sentence” (the GD at [118]). If the trial
judge was saying that being part of a syndicate is not in itself an
aggravating factor, this is incorrect. In _Ng Tai Tee_ at [25], Yong CJ held
that the fact that there was sufficient evidence to infer that the accused in
that case had colluded with the activities of an organised criminal syndicate
was an aggravating factor to be taken into account when determining the
duration of the sentence. In _Ong Tiong Poh v Public Prosecutor_ [1998] 2
SLR(R) 547 at [30], Yong CJ also took into account for sentencing the fact
that the appellant appeared to be “part of a sophisticated syndicate, capable
of committing credit card fraud on a large scale and skilled at avoiding
detection”. More recently, Sundaresh Menon CJ also reiterated that the fact an
offender commits an offence as part of a syndicate is an established
aggravating factor that may justify an enhanced sentence in the interest of
general deterrence: _Yap Ah Lai v Public Prosecutor_ [2014] 3 SLR 180 at [31].

74 As for the finding by the trial judge that it had not been proved beyond a
reasonable doubt that Ding was a member of a large international criminal
syndicate that operates on the scale described by the media reports referred
to by the prosecution (the GD at [118]), the prosecution argues that there is
evidence that Ding was involved in the match-fixing syndicate run by one Dan
Tan. When an article named one Dan Tan as being heavily involved in fixing
matches in Europe together with Wilson Raj Perumal, Ding sent an anonymous
email to a journalist employed by The New Paper claiming that Dan Tan was not
involved in match-fixing at all.[note: 21] While this is undoubtedly a highly
suspicious act pointing to a link between Ding and the syndicate purportedly
headed by Dan Tan, I am not prepared to overturn the trial judge’s finding of
fact on this point.

75 Nevertheless, I accept that the syndicate that Ding was involved in was
operating on a large scale. The prosecution highlights the evidence that Ding
had flown to Beirut, Lebanon to meet PW1.[note: 22] The prosecution reiterates
the fact that he was looking to corrupt FIFA referees who were responsible for
officiating international matches when previous cases related to local league
matches or matches with Malaysian teams.[note: 23] Ding also made references
to a “company” in his discussions with PW1 and also made use of conduits to
conduct his activities, such as in obtaining the social escorts for the match
officials. Ding’s assertion to PW1 that “this business give better money in 1
year more than you be AFC referees for 10 years” was another indicator of the
financial strength of the organisation he was working for.

76 While the trial judge did take at least some of these factors into account
(see [120] of the GD), I think he was too cautious in finding that Ding was
merely part of an organised group. There is sufficient evidence for the
inference that Ding was a member of a match-fixing syndicate and that the
sophistication, size and geographical reach of the syndicate must have been
extensive, if not necessarily on the same scale as the one reportedly headed
by Dan Tan.

77 The prosecution also takes issue with the trial judge’s finding that Ding
did not play a “major role” in the syndicate.[note: 24] The facts amply
demonstrate that Ding was no mere errand boy, but, effectively, the frontman
of at least part of the organisation. Perhaps the trial judge meant that he
was not the mastermind of the syndicate. Nevertheless, as a significant player
in a large syndicate with undoubted international reach and ambition, his
level of culpability must be considered a very serious one.

Parity with the match officials

78 An important element of Ding’s arguments relate to the point that the
sentence imposed by the trial judge on Ding was far heavier than those given
to the match officials.

79 The starting point is that the giver and recipient of the gratification
ought to be given similar sentences, except where one party is more culpable
than the other. In _Chua Tiong Tiong v Public Prosecutor_ [2001] 2 SLR(R) 515,
Yong CJ had stated as follows (at [21]):

… in most cases the giver of gratification bears equal culpability to that of
the receiver. Sentences meted out should therefore be similar in terms. There
are cases where a giver will not warrant a similar punishment as that of the
receiver, such as when a giver was under compulsion or some form of pressure
to give. In that situation, it is reasonable to punish the receiver more
harshly than the giver. Conversely, there are instances where a giver bears
equal, if not more, culpability than the receiver, and this is when the giver
intends to corrupt the establishment of law and order for his private gain,
and/or gives or offers bribes to pervert the course of justice. In these
cases, the giver deserves more punishment. In my view, the appellant fell
squarely into the latter category.

80 The principle of parity of sentencing in the context of corruption cases
was also recently considered by Menon CJ in _Public Prosecutor v Marzuki bin
Ahmad and another appeal_ [2014] 4 SLR 623 (“ _Marzuki_ ”). He said that the
principle of parity “contemplates that unless there is good reason for doing
so, the court, in sentencing a party to a corrupt transaction, should not
depart from the sentence imposed on his counterparty in the same transaction”
(_Marzuki_ at [39]). However, the “principle of parity of sentencing as
between the giver and the recipient of gratification cannot be viewed or
applied as an inflexible and rigid rule” (_Marzuki_ at [45]).

81 In my view, the trial judge was quite right to have found that Ding’s
individual culpability makes his offence more serious than that of the match
officials (the GD at [123]).

82 While the match officials of course have a duty to be fair and impartial by
dint of their positions in the sport, this does not automatically mean that
they are necessarily more culpable than the match-fixer himself, and indeed,
it is likely that in the real world the _opposite_ is often the case. In the
present case, the targets of Ding’s bribes were lowly paid match officials. It
has been noted by Prof Jack Anderson that transnational organised crime
syndicates target young athletes who are vulnerable to being “groomed” as
“gambling mules” for future criminally-related betting scams (Jack Anderson,
“Match Fixing and Money Laundering” (2014) Queen’s University Belfast, School
of Law, Research Paper No 2014-05 <http://ssrn.com/abstract=2424755> at p 9).
This is, indeed, a consistent _modus operandi_ of match-fixers – they “operate
where protections are at their weakest; they actively seek out the vulnerable
and exploit them, whether they are associations, confederations or
individuals” (Terry Steans, “How matches are fixed” (2013) 1(2) ICSS Journal
18 at p 21). Ding’s activities demonstrate this. He knew the poorly paid match
officials were vulnerable to temptation and he had deliberately made use of
their weaknesses to further his own criminal ends and that of the match-fixing
syndicate that he is a part of.

83 I also take into account the comments made by Ralf Mutschke, FIFA’s
director of security, who had emphasised the need for governments to take a
tougher stance on match-fixers as opposed to those involved in the game
because match-fixers do not face the same consequences that players and
referees do (“FIFA: Governments must help in match-fixing fight”, _CNN_ (6
February 2013) <http://edition.cnn.com/2013/02/05/sport/football/fifa-match-
fixing-liverpool-debrecen-football>).[note: 25] In other words, match
officials and players risk their careers and livelihoods by engaging in match-
fixing activities, but no such sanction can be extended to match-fixers, who
are outside the game. In this regard, I do not express any sympathy for the
fact that match officials may face additional sanctions. Rather, I am
concerned first and foremost with the need for deterrence and hence, the
question of expected risk versus expected reward comes to the fore. Not only
do match-fixers (who operate in the shadows) run lower risks than referees,
who may potentially expose themselves with every suspicious call before a
global audience, match-fixers also enjoy much higher potential profits as
compared to the match officials themselves.

84 There are various other differentiating factors, including the fact that
Ding was the person who initiated the corrupt transactions as well as his
major role in the large syndicate that he is a part of. I also note that the
match officials had pleaded guilty while Ding had claimed trial and shown
little remorse throughout. The prosecution further submits that, unlike for
Ding, specific deterrence would not be a consideration in the sentencing of
the match officials since they will not be able to return to Singapore to
repeat the offence, and moreover, they were also sanctioned with bans by AFC,
which is another distinguishing factor that I do take into account.

85 Accordingly, there is no reason why Ding’s sentence should be on par with
those imposed on the match officials.

Parity with sentencing precedents

86 While there have been a number of cases relating to match-fixing in the
past, I agree with the prosecution that the most appropriate authorities are
those that actually deal with match-fixers themselves.

87 In _Kannan v PP_ , the first appellant (“Kannan”) was convicted of engaging
in a conspiracy with one Rajendran s/o R Kurusamy (“Rajendran”) and the second
appellant Ong Kheng Hock (“Ong”) to bribe David Lee (“Lee”), who was then
Singapore’s national goalkeeper, to let in goals during a match. Rajendran was
an admitted bookmaker. Kannan was an ex-national player and a committee member
of a local football club. Ong was the president of the same club.

88 Rajendran managed to convince Kannan to speak to Ong to ask Ong to offer a
bribe to Lee. In fact, Ong never spoke to Lee about the bribe at all. Lee was
therefore not implicated in the offence. However, at the football match, Lee
let in a goal in the normal course of play. Nevertheless, Rajendran got the
erroneous impression that the goal was conceded because of the fix. Rajendran
gave Kannan $5,000 as a reward for arranging the bribe as well as $80,000 to
hand over to Ong, who was to pass that money to Lee. Ong pocketed the money
instead.

89 Kannan was sentenced to 1 year’s imprisonment and fined $40,000 for
conspiracy to corruptly offer gratification of $80,000 to Lee. He was also
sentenced to 18 months’ imprisonment and ordered to pay a penalty of $5,000
for corruptly receiving from Rajendran a gratification of $5,000. Yong CJ
upheld the sentences and noted that, it was to no credit of Kannan that the
bribe never reached Lee (and therefore no match was fixed).

90 In the case of _Rajendran s/o Kurusamy and others v Public Prosecutor_
[1998] 2 SLR(R) 814 (“ _Rajendran v PP_ ”), the first offender was Rajendran
(the same bookmaker implicated in _Kannan v PP_). The second offender, Ramadas
s/o Eurulandi Sangelee (“Ramadas”), was one of Rajendran’s runners. The third
offender, Devaraj s/o Doraisamy (“Devaraj”), was a professional footballer.
Under the first charge, Rajendran asked Maran s/o Jagannathan (“Maran”),
another footballer, to arrange with his teammates to lose a game. Maran
informed Devaraj of this arrangement. Maran received $38,000 from Ramadas
through a friend of Maran. Subsequently, the team lost the match.

91 Under the second charge, Rajendran contacted Maran to ensure that another
match would be lost by the same team by at least two clear goals. After some
negotiation over the gratification, Maran approached Devaraj who agreed to
help him. Maran received $3,000. Consequently the team lost by five goals to
one.

92 The offenders were convicted on both charges, which convictions were upheld
on appeal. With respect to Rajendran, Yong CJ considered that he was the most
culpable of the three offenders as he had masterminded and planned the whole
conspiracy of match-fixing for his own benefit. Yong CJ considered that the
sentence imposed below – 6 months’ imprisonment with a fine – was
insufficient. Rajendran had antecedents in other countries, especially
Malaysia. Yong CJ enhanced Rajendran’s sentence to a total of 18 months’
imprisonment, with 12 months’ imprisonment for the first charge and 6 months’
imprisonment for the second charge, and for both sentences to run
consecutively.

93 In my view, the facts of the present case are more aggravated than those of
the two precedents above. In _Kannan v PP_ , the imprisonment term imposed on
Kannan for his conviction on the charge of corruptly receiving from Rajendran
a gratification of $5,000 as a reward for arranging the bribe to Lee was 18
months’ imprisonment. There was no allegation that Kannan was a member of a
syndicate. Even though the match to be fixed was a “FAM Premier League” match,
the match that was intended to be thrown was a match by the Singapore national
team and the player to be bribed was a Singaporean player. Kannan was also not
the person who initiated the corrupt transactions. It is important to note
that no match was actually fixed in this case as well.

94 Similarly, the level of syndication, the greater damage to Singapore’s
reputation due to the fact that Ding was seeking to corrupt match officials
from far afield, and the degree of sophistication, and the planning and
persistence demonstrated by Ding also distinguished the facts of the present
case from _Rajendran v PP_.

95 The prosecution accepts the fact that the size of the bribes in _Kannan v
PP_ and _Rajendran v PP_ were larger than in the present case.[note: 26]
Nevertheless, the prosecution argues that this fact should not have a
significant bearing on the sentence. First, the gratification in the present
case is merely a “tantalising teaser”, with a promise of greater rewards to
come. Secondly, Ding’s offences are “far more corrupt”, both in terms of
culpability and the nature of the harm caused.

96 I agree with the prosecution’s submissions. I would also add that it is
clear that Ding’s _mens rea_ did not relate to merely fixing a single match.
His intention at all times was to corrupt the match officials so that they
would compromise future games at his bidding. While his planned activities
were never carried out to fruition as a result of the swift actions of the
CPIB officers, an intention to groom the targets to fix numerous future
matches is significantly more serious than an intention to only fix a single
match, which is essentially a “one-off” offence.

97 There are at least two clear pieces of evidence in relation to this. The
first is the email with a list of YouTube videos. This is discussed at [13] to
[16] above. It seems to me that Ding would hardly have bothered to go through
the hassle of curating these videos to “educate” his targets on the various
ways of ensuring a fixed result if all he wanted was just one match to be
fixed.

98 An even clearer indication can be found in the email that Ding sent to PW1
which included the line “this business give better money in 1 year more than
you be AFC referees for 10 years” (see [17] above). The trial judge had
declined to reproduce the email for length, but an examination of the email in
totality makes it even clearer that Ding contemplated a _continuing_ corrupt
relationship with his targets. Ding’s vision is to be in the lucrative
business of match-fixing for the long haul. I reproduce the relevant parts of
the email below (the grammatical errors are found in the original):

… For your questions: FIRST: You are right. We will not do jobs for all
matches especially if there some reasons:

1\. Problem with the referee assessor

2\. No market for match (Lebanon domestic league we won’t do job because no
market)

3\. Some bad people play market and make it bad for us (If anyone in the team
talk to other people and they play our market, we will have problem and need
to cancel the job)

4\. Development with AFC (I agree that if some games is crucial and key to
your position in AFC, we will not do job) Anyway, we will always discuss and
plan before deciding to do job a not.

… SECOND: Yes, you can stop do job anytime you want. There is no force or must
do. Same for our company, if we think you cannot do job or do bad job --> we
will also stop do job with you. Both you and our company can choose to stop
anytime. But from our experience, nobody will stop unless you have BIG BIG
problem with AFC because this business give better money in 1 year more than
you be AFC referees for 10 years. All our friends now stay good house with
drive good car and their family all good. We also partner our friends do
business in their countries because you should know referee after 45 years old
be difficult to find other jobs. Slowly you will understand what i mean about
this and maybe you will know our company is better than how AFC take care you
after you retire :-) …

99 PW1’s reply to the email also demonstrates that PW1 understood Ding to mean
that they would have a working relationship over a period of time (the email
was originally written in all capitals, but I shall use normal capitalisation
for readability):[note: 27]

Dear my friend James thank you for this helpful and clear answers on some
questions because this answers clarify the way for both of us and I mean also
my team. Your answers are very good for us and you know that in the first
there is some difficult and problems but we will make our best day by day
_because everything in the beginning is difficult but it will be easier slowly
and job after job_. We are waiting for you about new jobs and take care of
yourself. … [emphasis added]

Applicability of prospective ruling

100 Before I turn to the appropriate sentence to be meted out to Ding, I will
also deal with the question of whether it is appropriate to apply the new
sentencing guideline framework for match-fixers that I have set out briefly at
[57] above and in more detail at Annex A. To begin, I note that there is no
fixed rule that, just because this sentencing guideline framework for match-
fixing is “new”, it cannot be applied to an offender who might have
deliberately committed his offences in the expectation that the older, more
lenient, sentencing guidelines would apply. As stated by Chan CJ in _Madhavan
Peter v Public Prosecutor and other appeals_ [2012] 4 SLR 613 (“ _Madhavan
Peter_ ”) at [181]:

181  _In my view, there is no inflexible rule that current sentencing
guidelines or principles cannot be applied to "old" offences in any
circumstances._ Nevertheless, the general principle ought to be that an
offender should not be punished more severely than other offenders who
committed the same offence (or an offence falling within the same category of
offences) before the implementation of new guidelines providing for heavier
sentences for that offence (or that category of offences). This principle is
fair and just, and gives equal protection of the law to offenders of equal or
similar culpability. _If the sentencing norm for an offence is to be departed
from to the detriment of the offender (eg, from a fine to imprisonment and/or
caning), it should only be done in circumstances where specific or general
deterrence is needed to check the rise of particular types of offences._ Even
then, there is no reason why the courts should not, whenever possible,
forewarn would-be offenders of the new sentencing guidelines or even
benchmarks. Although it is not common, our courts have done this from time to
time,  _eg_ , in  _Panneerselvam s/o Arunasalam v Public Prosecutor_
Magistrate's Appeal No 21 of 2008 (see Selina Lum, "Risk $3k fine for feeding
monkeys"  _The Straits Times_ (7 May 2008)). [emphasis added]

101 More recently, the doctrine of prospective ruling was considered by the
three-judge High Court in _Public Prosecutor v Hue An Li_ [2014] 4 SLR 661 (“
_Hue An Li_ ”). It was observed in _Hue An Li_ that judicial pronouncements
are, by default, _fully retroactive in nature_. However, the appellate courts
(which includes the High Court sitting in its appellate capacity), have the
discretion, in _exceptional circumstances_ , to restrict the retroactive
effect of their pronouncements. These factors include (at [124]):

(a)  _The extent to which the law or legal principle concerned is entrenched_
: The more entrenched a law or legal principle is, the greater the need for
any overruling of that law or legal principle to be prospective. This will be
measured by, amongst other things, the position of the courts in the hierarchy
that have adopted the law or legal principle that is to be overruled and the
number of cases which have followed it. A pronouncement by our Court of Appeal
which exhaustively analyses several disparate positions before coming to a
single position on a point of law will be more entrenched than a passing
pronouncement on that same point of law by a first-instance court. Similarly,
a law or legal principle cited in a long line of cases is more entrenched than
one cited in a smaller number of cases.

(b)  _The extent of the change to the law_ : The greater the change to the
law, the greater the need for prospective overruling. A wholesale
revolutionary abandonment of a legal position (as was done in, for instance,
_Manogaran_ ([110]  _supra_)) is a greater change than an evolutionary
reframing of the law (see, for instance,  _Sembcorp Marine Ltd v PPL Holdings
Pte Ltd and another and another appeal_ [2013] 4 SLR 193, which re-examined
the distinction between interpretation and implication in contract law, but by
and large built on the foundations laid down by prior cases).

(c)  _The extent to which the change to the law is foreseeable_ : The less
foreseeable the change to the law, the greater the need for prospective
overruling. In  _SW v UK_ ([113]  _supra_), for example, the abolition of the
doctrine of marital immunity was eminently foreseeable because of past
judicial pronouncements which had expressed distaste for the doctrine and
progressively expanded the exceptions to it. There was therefore no need to
curtail the retroactive application of the change in the legal position.

(d)  _The extent of reliance on the law or legal principle concerned_ : The
greater the reliance on the law or legal principle being overruled, the
greater the need for prospective overruling. This factor is particularly
compelling in the criminal law context, where a person’s physical liberty is
potentially at stake. Quite apart from Art 11(1) of the Singapore
Constitution, a person who conducts his affairs in reliance on the ostensible
legality of his actions would be unfairly taken by surprise if a retrospective
change to the law were to expose him to criminal liability.

102 It was also stressed in _Hue An Li_ at [125] that “no one factor is
preponderant over any other, and no one factor is necessary before prospective
overruling can be adopted in a particular case”.

103 In my view, there are no _exceptional_ circumstances that warrant the
invocation of the doctrine of prospective ruling. The adjustments of the
benchmarks in the present case cannot be said to be a revolutionary one. An
imprisonment term is always on the cards. I give little weight to the
expectations of an offender who deliberately flouts the law because the
expected rewards of committing the crime would be greater than the expected
cost of being caught, as a result of material changes in the circumstances.
This is also not a case where the offender is doing something that he believed
all along is legal but has become illegal subsequently because of a new
judicial interpretation. I also do not think that this case has any similarity
with one where the offenders had “pleaded guilty to or conducted their
defences on the basis of advice that the starting point for sentencing in such
cases would likely be only a fine” (see _Hue An Li_ at [129]), or I would add,
a light custodial sentence. As stated in _Madhavan Peter_ , applying new
sentencing guidelines to an “old” offender is merited if specific or general
deterrence is needed to check the rise of particular types of offences. Such
is clearly the situation here. A robust sentence is needed to check the rise
of the scourge of match-fixing and to repair the reputational damage that has
been caused to Singapore by the activities of match-fixers like Ding. I have
no hesitation at all in applying the new sentencing guideline framework for
match-fixing to Ding.

Appropriate sentence

104 Ding’s counsel submits that a sentence of 18 months’ imprisonment per
charge (for a total term of 36 months’ imprisonment) is disproportionate,
having regard to the facts and circumstances of the case. For the reasons I
have already set out, I do not think the individual terms or the total
sentence imposed by trial judge is manifestly excessive at all. Instead, I am
of the view that they are manifestly inadequate, especially after the new
sentencing guideline framework is taken into account. Indeed, even if I am
minded to apply the doctrine of prospective ruling, I would _still_ have
increased Ding’s individual sentences on the basis that Ding’s level of fault
is higher than that of the offender Kannan in _Kannan v PP_ , who received an
imprisonment term of 18 months, as noted at [93] above.

105 Accordingly, I enhance Ding’s sentence from 1½ years’ imprisonment to 2½
years’ imprisonment for each of the three charges, with two of the sentences
(for DAC 11276/2013 and DAC 11277/2013) to run consecutively. The total
sentence is therefore 5 years’ imprisonment. If Ding was instead bribing
referees with a view to fix football matches at the S.League level, I would
have considered a sentence of about 1½ years’ imprisonment per charge as shown
by the left extreme end of the line marked “1st CT” in the graph in Annex A.
If Ding had instead been caught bribing referees with a view to fix football
matches at the FIFA World Cup level, then I would be looking at the high end
of about 3 ½ years’ imprisonment per charge as indicated by the right extreme
end of the same line. If the reputation of and level of interest in the AFC
Champions League is taken to be at a level somewhere midway between the FIFA
World Cup and the S.League, then perhaps I should be looking at a sentence in
the region of about 2 ½ years’ imprisonment per charge. The AFC Champions
League probably falls more on the left half than the right half of the ranking
scale with S.League on the left extreme end and the FIFA World Cup on the
right extreme end of the scale. It seems that a sentence of 2 years’
imprisonment per charge may be more appropriate because although the AFC
Champions League is clearly not in the same league as the FIFA World Cup and
other European football leagues and is more likely to fall on the left half of
the scale, it is still several notches higher than the S.League.

106 This shows the kind of iterative reasoning processes and assessments that
have to be made when using the sentencing guidelines framework in Annex A to
aid in the sentencing process. As Ding appears to be a significant player
fairly high up in the echelons of the syndicate with the ability to make
decisions on who to bribe, the manner of bribery and what games are to be
selected for match-fixing, his sentence must be increased appropriately. Ding
seems to me to be determined to be in this unlawful match-fixing business for
the long haul, and he has to be specifically deterred from continuing with it.
I therefore add an additional imprisonment term of 6 months to each charge
making it a total of 2½ years’ imprisonment per charge. With the framework in
Annex A as a guide and taking into account all the considerations that I have
set out in this judgment, I am of the view that a sentence of 2½ years per
charge is broadly fair and justifiable having regard to all the circumstances.
There are no mitigating circumstances nor is there anything exceptional in
Ding’s case that merit a reduction of this sentence.

107 With the guideline sentences revised significantly upwards as shown by the
graph at Annex A, current and future potential match-fixers are now forewarned
of the heavy penal consequences that may visit them if they embark on or
continue with their match-fixing business.

108 I now turn to the prosecution’s submission that Ding should also be given
an additional fine of $40,000 and $100,000 per charge. The prosecution
essentially argues that a conjunctive fine should be imposed to ensure that
match-fixing will always be a loss-making venture.[note: 28] In particular,
the prosecution notes that in _Kannan v PP_ , an additional fine of $40,000
was imposed on top of the custodial term in respect of the charge for
conspiring to bribe Lee, even though Kannan did not profit from the conspiracy
itself as the match was not fixed. However, I note that although no match was
_actually_ fixed in _Kannan v PP_ , profits would have resulted nonetheless
since Rajendran was happy with the outcome, even if this was only by chance.

109 As a general rule, the purpose of imposing a fine in addition to an
imprisonment term is to disgorge the offender’s substantial benefit from his
offending. _Sentencing Practice in the Subordinate Courts_ vol 1 (LexisNexis,
3rd Ed, 2013) at p 49 states:

A fine may be combined with a term of imprisonment, where the maximum term of
imprisonment is considered to be inadequate, or where it is used as a means of
removing the offender’s profit from his offending: see _Garner_ (1987) 7 Cr
App R(S) 285.

110 In the present case, there is no evidence that a match was actually fixed
or that Ding benefited financially as a result of his present offences. The
trial judge also noted that if the prosecution had evidence that Ding had
acquired any property with the proceeds of other crimes, the prosecution could
proceed against Ding under the Corruption, Drug Trafficking and Other Serious
Crimes (Confiscation of Benefits) Act (Cap 65A, 2000 Rev Ed) (“CDSA”). Section
5 of the PCA is listed under the Second Schedule of the CDSA as a serious
offence for which confiscation is a possible recourse.

111 After considering the matter, I am unable to say that the trial judge
erred in law by failing to impose additional fines on Ding. I also note that
the prosecution has conceded that the trial judge’s finding is not
inconsistent with the principles articulated in previous cases.[note: 29]
While this should not be taken to mean that fines should never be imposed on
match-fixers in appropriate circumstances even where no match is actually
fixed and there is no evidence of direct or indirect financial gain on the
part of an accused arising from the offences he is convicted of, nevertheless,
I saw no good reason to disturb the trial judge’s decision in this respect.

Conclusion

112 For the reasons above, I dismiss Ding’s appeal with respect to sentence
and allow the prosecution’s cross-appeal. I enhance Ding’s sentence to a total
imprisonment term of 5 years as set out at [105] above as the sentence imposed
by the trial judge of a total of 3 years’ imprisonment is manifestly
inadequate having regard to all the circumstances of this case.

ANNEX A

![](data:image/png;base64,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)

Introduction

1 This Annex sets out the sentencing guideline framework for football match-
fixers who are convicted under s 5 of the Prevention of Corruption Act (Cap
241, 1993 Rev Ed) (the “Framework”). The guideline starting sentences are set
out in the Framework above. What follows are the explanatory notes for the
Framework.

2 In these explanatory notes, I will deal with the following:

(a) The underlying factual assumptions that underlie the guideline sentences
set out in the Framework.

(b) An explanation of how the Framework is to be used, with simple examples of
application.

(c) Why the Framework was prepared as a graph, an explanation of my general
approach in using a theoretical construct to formulate the guideline sentences
used in the Framework, as well as the possibility of computerisation.

3 I begin by emphasising that I have provided the Framework to be a guide to
determine the appropriate sentence to imposed, having regard to all the
circumstances of the particular case. These non-binding guidelines should not
be applied blindly. A sentencing judge must always compare the facts of the
case before him with the assumptions in the Framework. It is intended to
assist and not to fetter the discretion of the sentencing judge. The
sentencing judge always has the flexibility to depart from the Framework, and
it is not necessary for the sentencing judge to provide “good reasons” before
he may do so. This includes even those cases where the facts of the case
appear to be equivalent to the factual assumptions underlying the Framework,
which I will now set out.

Underlying assumptions

4 All sentencing is determined in the context of a certain set of facts. Thus,
it is necessary to begin by setting out the assumptions that underlie the
guideline sentences set out in the Framework.

5 The first set of assumptions concerns certain facts about the offender at
the time of the offence:

(a) First, the offender is assumed to be a member of an organised syndicate.

(b) Second, it is assumed that the offender is neither at the top nor at the
bottom echelon of the syndicate.

(c) Third, the offender is assumed to be a _fairly seasoned match-fixer_. This
is so even if, as it turns out, he is only facing the law for the first time
(which will not be unusual because of the difficulty in detecting match-fixing
activities). In other words, it is assumed that the offender has been involved
in match-fixing activities on a regular basis _prior_ to his present offences
and that there is sufficient evidence to establish this fact. Thus, when I
refer to the offender as a “first offender”, I always mean a fairly seasoned
match-fixer who has been convicted for the first time. In other words, the
Framework does not assume that the offender is a true novice, who is so
unlucky or incompetent that he is arrested on his very first attempt. The
effect of previous convictions for match-fixing is taken into account in the
various lines on the Framework. So if it is the first time that the offender
is convicted of a match-fixing offence, the relevant sentencing graphs are the
ones labelled “1st”; if it is the second time that the offender is convicted
of a match-fixing offence, the relevant sentencing graphs are the ones
labelled “2nd” (which feature higher guideline sentences); and so on.

6 It is also assumed that the offender (a) does not suffer from any medical
conditions of a mitigating nature and/or which warrant the exercise of
judicial mercy, and (b) is neither very young nor very old (_ie_ , his age is
not a mitigating factor in issue).

7 I will refer to an offender having characteristics that fit all the above
assumptions as a “standard offender”.

8 Further, it is assumed that the global context surrounding match-fixing is
the _same_ as the circumstances prevailing at the time that this Framework was
prepared (_ie_ , in 2014). By this I am referring to those general, external
circumstances which are not within the control of any single offender but
which may have an overall impact on the sentence. These factors would include,
for example, the state of football in Singapore as well as worldwide (such as
the overall popularity of the game), the impact of match-fixing activities on
Singapore’s reputation, and the global impact of match-fixing activities
generally. Such factors are to be taken into account, for example, when
considering the need for general deterrence and the level of harm that may
result from the offender’s acts.

9 Another set of assumptions relates to the behaviour of the standard offender
_after_ his apprehension. The assumptions involve the offender’s decision to
claim trial or enter a plea of guilt, as well as certain relevant acts leading
up to that decision. To take this into account, the lines in the Framework are
divided into two categories: (a) for offenders who claim trial (these are
marked with the letters “CT”), and (b) for offenders who plead guilty early
(these are marked with the letters “PG”). I have distinguished the standard
offender who pleads guilty early from one who claims trial because it is trite
that an early plea of guilt can be taken into consideration in mitigating when
it is motivated by genuine remorse, contriteness or regret and/or a desire to
facilitate the administration of justice (_Angliss Singapore Pte Ltd v Public
Prosecutor_ [2006] 4 SLR 653 at [77]). I now set out some assumptions that are
specific to the CT graphs and the PG graphs.

10 In the CT lines, it is assumed that (a) the offender has not cooperated
with investigations or provided the enforcement agencies with useful
intelligence information leading to the arrest of other syndicate members, and
(b) he has not exhibited any remorse at any stage of the trial. For
convenience, I will refer to the offender who claims trial as a “CT offender”.

11 In the PG lines, it is assumed that the offender has pleaded guilty at the
_first available opportunity_. I will refer to such an offender as a “PG
offender”. It is _not_ assumed that the offender has in addition also fully
cooperated with police investigations as well. Accordingly, a PG offender may
deserve a better sentence than that indicated in the Framework if, _ceteris
paribus_ , he also fully cooperates with police investigations (such as by
providing useful information on his accomplices and his syndicate), or
provides the police with truthful statements from the very outset.

12 At this juncture, I will also highlight certain other factors which are not
accounted for in this Framework. To begin, no assumption is made as to the
value of the gratification that is provided by the match-fixer to the
recipient. I note in _Public Prosecutor v Ang Seng Thor_ [2011] 4 SLR 217 at
[46]-[48], V K Rajah JA held that the value of gratification is relevant to
both the sentencing of a giver of a bribe and the recipient of a bribe. His
reasoning can be summarised as follows:

(a) First, the value of the gratification is linked to the harm caused by the
offence. A greater corrupt influence is exerted on the receiver when the
amount of the bribe is higher. Larger bribes tend to lead receivers into
graver transgressions. Thus, the size of the bribe is assessed along with the
importance of the transaction sought to be influenced.

(b) Secondly, the size of the bribe is relevant to the giver’s culpability. It
usually and equally reflects the level of influence or advantage the giver
wishes to secure from the bribe, which in turn normally reflects more personal
gain sought by the giver. The _motivation_ would ordinarily indicate a higher
degree of culpability.

(c) Finally, an offender who is able to provide a large bribe is more likely
to be a person of means, for whom a fine of up to $100,000 may be no more than
a mere slap of the risk.

13 I do not disagree with Rajah JA that the size of the bribe is relevant in
the sentencing process. Nevertheless, in assessing the harm and the
culpability of the offender in match-fixing offences, a sentencing judge must
be careful not to place an over-emphasis on the size of the bribe. Context is
crucial. Certainly, the size of the bribe is always of _evidential value_ ,
but care must be taken when it is used as a freestanding factor in the
determination of the appropriate sentence. Ordinarily, a rational giver of a
bribe will only want to provide the minimum amount necessary to compromise the
recipient. Thus, in some cases, the size of the bribe might only be indicative
of the appetite of the recipient. It will therefore not always be the case
that the size of the bribe is reflective of the giver’s culpability or the
harm caused by the corrupt transaction. A person who bribes a starving man
with a loaf of bread is not necessarily less culpable than a person who bribes
a wealthy man with a new Ferrari. The resulting harm, too, is also not
necessarily less. Similarly, the size of the bribe is indicative of, but not
determinative of, the degree of culpability of the giver’s corrupt intention.

14 As a result, an unthinking application of the idea that the blameworthiness
of the giver is usually proportionate to the size of the bribe may in certain
situations _understate_ the giver’s actual culpability, where the value of the
gratification is relatively small. Where match-fixing is concerned, it stands
to reason that that the bigger the fix, the more the match-fixer will likely
have to pay to purchase the receiver’s cooperation. However, a match-fixer
might be able to compromise the receiver by way of a smaller bribe for
numerous reasons. Perhaps the match-fixer just happens to have a special
talent for persuasion. There is no reason why that match-fixer should be given
a lighter sentence than another simply because the latter was a less competent
haggler than him. On the other hand, where there is clear evidence relating to
the giver’s motive in relation to the illegitimate advantage sought, his
expected gains and the likely harm that is likely to result from the corrupt
transaction, a sentencing judge must also be careful that his or her
assessment of the sentencing impact of the size of the gratification does not
lead to _double counting_.

15 Similarly, no assumption is made as to the match-fixer’s benefit (whether
financial or otherwise) as a result of the bribe. Where there is evidence that
the offender has profited by his crime, the sentencing judge will undoubtedly
have to take this factor into account. In this respect, it will be appropriate
for the sentencing judge to impose a stiff and deterrent fine in addition to a
jail term. This is so even if the profits have been confiscated by other
means.

Understanding the Framework

16 Having set out my assumptions, I now go on to explain how the Framework is
to be understood.

17 In essence, the Framework is created by means of a theoretical construct. I
first contemplate an offender who fits the factual assumptions that I have
already set out. In this regard, I also assume that all other factors which
are relevant in the sentencing of this standard offender would remain
constant.

18 For each _individual line_ in the Framework, the only variable to be
considered is the football competition or league that the match-fixer is
trying to fix. Thus, the x-axis of the Framework is labelled the
“Popularity/Level of the game” to be fixed. It is intended to capture the
whole spectrum of professional football competitions worldwide. For this
purpose, I use the S.League as a starting point and the FIFA World Cup as the
ending point. I have chosen these two competitions because, without meaning
any disrespect, it appears to me uncontroversial that the S.League presently
falls on one extreme end of the spectrum while the FIFA World Cup falls on the
other. Moreover, it does not appear that this very large gap is likely to
narrow significantly in the foreseeable future.

19 I begin by considering the appropriate sentence to be meted out to a
standard offender who has fixed an S.League match. What would be an
appropriate sentence for a first offender (in the sense I have described at
[5(c)] in this Annex above)? What if he has match-fixing convictions? What if
he has pleaded guilty at the earliest opportunity? What if he claims trial?
The answers to these questions form the _starting points_ for the various
lines in the Framework. The guideline sentences can be found in the data table
at the bottom of the Framework. So for a first offender who pleads guilty, the
appropriate guideline sentence can be found by looking at the row labelled
“1st PG” under the column labelled “S.League”, which is an imprisonment term
of 1 year.

20 Using the same theoretical construct, I then go on to consider the
appropriate sentence if the standard offender has instead tried to fix a FIFA
World Cup match, based on the same questions. These form the end points of the
various lines. From the Framework, one can see immediately that a repeat
offender who tries to unfairly influence a World Cup game will very quickly
get a sentence close to the maximum of 5 years’ imprisonment under s 5 of the
PCA. Indeed, the guideline sentence for a first offender who claims trial is
3½ years’ imprisonment. This is indicative of the importance of a World Cup
game, which will often be proportionate to the culpability of the offender and
harm caused by the offence. This will demonstrate that Singapore is extremely
serious about dealing with the scourge of match-fixing in this country.

21 There are numerous professional football competitions around the world and
I make no attempt to determine where they all stand in relation to each other.
It will be for the sentencing judge to determine where on the spectrum between
the S.League and the World Cup that the game the offender has fixed actually
falls. For illustration, I set out a tiny sample of the possible football
competitions that a sentencing judge may have to consider (in no particular
order):

(a) FIFA World Cup;

(b) UEFA Champions League;

(c) English Premier League;

(d) La Liga;

(e) Bundesliga;

(f) Italian Serie A;

(g) Campeonato Brasileiro Serie A;

(h) AFC Champions League;

(i) J-League;

(j) Malaysia Super League; and

(k) S.League.

22 While this point may be obvious, the _competition_ itself will not always
be determinative of the impact and importance of the game to be fixed. For
example, the game that determines who wins the English Premier League may
potentially be regarded as being more important than a game that takes place
during the FIFA World Cup group stages. So an offender who tries to fix the
former may deserve a higher sentence as compared to one who tries to fix the
latter, even if one considers the World Cup to be more prestigious than the
English Premier League. The Framework should be used with a healthy dose of
common sense and not in a rigid and unthinking manner.

23 Moreover, a sentencing judge must also be alive to the possibility that the
relative importance of each football competition may change over time. Such
potential shifts must be taken into account especially when considering the
utility of sentencing precedents. The relative popularity and importance of
the competition must be assessed at the time of the offence.

Applying the Framework

24 A sentencing judge may begin by considering which line in the Framework
applies to the offender before him. The sentencing judge will consider first
whether the offender is a first offender or a subsequent offender, and whether
he is a PG offender or a CT offender. For present purposes, assume that the
offender is a standard offender. Also assume that he has not profited by his
offence. If he is a first offender (in the sense I have defined it) and he is
convicted after a trial for fixing an important World Cup match, the relevant
sentencing graph is thus the one labelled “1st CT”. Assume that no additional
mitigating or aggravating factors exist. As he has fixed an important World
Cup match, the guideline sentence is 2½ years’ imprisonment.

25 Let us say that this offender is caught again for fixing another World Cup
match. Again, he claims trial and is convicted. The relevant graph is then the
one labelled “2nd CT” in the Framework, and the guideline sentence is 3½
years’ imprisonment.

26 I emphasise that, even though the offender in the above example is simply
the standard offender contemplated by the Framework, the sentencing judge must
nevertheless exercise his discretion as to whether or not to impose the
guideline sentence.

27 Now, what if the standard offender has fixed a Bundesliga match? The
offender is a first-time PG offender. The relevant graph is therefore the one
labelled “1st PG”. However, to see the guideline sentence, the sentencing
judge will then have to take the additional step of considering where the
Bundesliga falls on the spectrum between the S.League and the World Cup.
Assume that the sentencing judge takes the view that the reputation and level
of interest in the Bundesliga falls approximately on the two-thirds mark on
the x-axis closer to the World Cup. From the Framework, one can see the
guideline sentence is 2 years’ imprisonment, without any further calculation.
The judge does not need to interpolate the data as this has already been done
for him graphically.

28 What if there are mitigating or aggravating factors that do not fall within
the Framework? Such relevant factors could include the myriad of factors which
are simply not contemplated in the Framework, for example, if the offender has
a large number of charges to be taken into consideration for the purpose of
sentencing. These could also relate to factors that are assumed for the
standard offender in the Framework but do not apply to the offender, such as
where the actual offender:

(a) is very sick or suffering from a debilitating long term illness;

(b) is very young or very old;

(c) is a real novice or not a seasoned offender;

(d) is not involved in a syndicate;

(e) has fully cooperated with the investigations;

(f) has provided useful information leading to the arrest of other syndicate
members; and/or

(g) is a high-ranking member of a syndicate or a mere runner in a syndicate.

29 Obviously, if these factors exist, the sentencing judge will have to give
them the weight they deserve. Let us assume that the offender who fixed a
Bundesliga match (at [27] in this Annex) has also assisted the police with
useful information that has led to other arrests. The judge may consider that
this warrants a 6 months’ reduction from the guideline sentence. He therefore
sentences the offender to 1½ years’ imprisonment instead. This would be a
correct and appropriate way of using the Framework.

Responses to possible concerns regarding the Framework

30 It is appropriate now to address why I choose to set out the Framework in
the form of a graph instead of, say, a table. A graph is really no more than a
table in a fine form. By setting out a graph at the first instance, it saves
the sentencing judge the trouble of having to interpolate between the data
points that are found in a table. Moreover, the use of graphs is flexible, in
that it can admit of many more factual variations. A graph can readily provide
a multi-factorial presentation pictorially. This is particularly helpful as
the determination of an appropriate sentence requires a multi-factorial
analysis. It is a challenging task having to mentally weigh all the possible
aggravating and mitigating factors when deliberating on sentence. There is
also a very real chance that the sentencing judge may omit some relevant
factors and therefore be led into error. The need to consider the relevance of
precedent cases and to determine the quantitative adjustments needed to the
sentence when the factual situation facing the sentencing judge differs from
one precedent case to another is a further complication.

31 Objections may also be raised as to the use of a theoretical construct in
determining the guideline sentences. To devise a coherent sentencing framework
based on precedents alone, a significant number of comparable cases will be
needed to provide the data points for such an exercise. Using a theoretical
construct at the outset is useful and necessary as it will often be too long
to wait until a sufficiently large number of the right cases have come along
to enable a framework based entirely on actual precedents to be constructed.
In other words, without using a number of assumptions, it is very difficult,
if not impossible, to provide a guideline sentencing framework that is
sufficiently detailed, clear and helpful. A careful and considered analysis of
the theoretical construct is not an empty exercise. It is an exercise that is
not dissimilar to that which is undertaken by a judge in an actual case. This
is not a shot in the dark.

32 Hopefully, going forward, the Framework may be usefully utilised as a
_starting point_ for future judges with respect to match-fixing offences. The
Framework is not to be used blindly. A judge may for his own reasons depart
from it. To be clear, I must emphasise that a judge who _normalises_ the facts
of his case to the Framework is not actually _departing_ from the Framework. A
judge who departs from the Framework is one who does not even use the
Framework as a starting point (except, perhaps, to reject it). Normalisation
is a very different thing. Normalisation is essentially the act of turning an
apple into an orange so that you can compare oranges with oranges.

33 To give an example, let us assume that the trial judge is concerned with an
offender who is a _true novice_ in that he was caught on his very first try in
fixing a football match. The trial judge might consider that this warrants a 6
months’ discount from the guideline sentence. That is not a departure from the
Framework as the judge is not rejecting the validity of the Framework. On the
contrary, the judge’s use of the Framework is spot on.

34 Indeed, the use of precedent cases by judges always involves a process of
normalisation as well. The difficulty is that the facts in the precedents are
often very different from one another and from the case before the judge.
Making sense of a cluster of sentences based on differing fact patterns is
difficult – and when they also include unreported cases this can be very
difficult indeed. Even a precedent that seems to be on all fours with the
facts may with more detailed analysis be found actually to be an outlier
statistically. By beginning with assumed facts which are _clearly_ set out in
guideline sentences, this necessary normalisation process is greatly
simplified.

The potential of computerisation

35 Another advantage of the Framework (or something similar) is that it can be
programmed into a computer system, which can help the judge deal with the
multiplicity of factors inherent in the sentencing process and in turn assist
in reducing variations in sentencing.

36 How can such a computer programme be usefully rolled out? Generally, one
avenue is to establish a sentencing commission made up of members who are
chosen from the various stakeholders in the criminal sentencing process,
including judges, members of the Bar, the Public Prosecutor, academics, other
professionals such as statisticians, medical professionals, and so on. The
sentencing commission could be chaired by a judge. Through the exercise of the
collective wisdom of its members, the sentencing commission will determine the
sentencing considerations relevant to the particular offence, and the proper
weight to be given thereof, as well as the guideline sentences that are
appropriate to the circumstances. The result of their determination is then
given to computer software programmers (“programmers”) who will use the
resulting Framework to devise the computerised sentencing guideline system
(“the System”). It must be emphasised that neither the programmers nor the
computer sets the rules – these rules are prescribed by the sentencing
commission. Essentially, it is not the programmers but the sentencing
commission which designs the whole sentencing framework and sets out all the
relevant quantitative parameters for the System. The programmers merely
implement the framework as designed by the sentencing commission. The end goal
is a computerised system that allows the sentencing judge to input the
numerous factors that ought to be generally taken into account and which are
present in the specific case. The System would then provide a guideline
sentence for the judge’s reference, without the judge having to look for
comparable precedents. This is not to say that the judge _cannot_ look for
precedents for assistance – indeed, it may be helpful to see how previous
cases have differed. I also emphasise that these guideline sentences are more
indicative than mandatory. The actual decision as to sentence is always made
by the judge and his discretion is not fettered in any way.

37 Of course, there are many who would be suspicious of such a programme,
which would involve the use of mathematical algorithms by the programmers in
implementing the sentencing framework or System as designed by the sentencing
commission. One might take the view that this would lead to inflexibility and
rob the judge of his discretion. They may say that there is too much precision
involved. This is misconceived. Sentencing is both an art and a science.
Science is merely a _tool_ to facilitate the exercise of discretion in a more
systematic, fair and consistent manner. It helps to ensure that the weighing
of competing factors is more structured under the guidance of the sentencing
framework as designed by the sentencing commission. All the computerised
sentencing framework or System does is eliminate the more tedious aspects of
the sentencing process so as to allow the judge to better focus his mind on
the exercise of his discretion, which is where the art of sentencing lies.

38 The advantages of a computerised system, as I have outlined it, are
numerous. I have spoken extra-judicially on these benefits and it is
worthwhile for me to repeat them here. To begin, a computerised system forces
a structured analytical approach to be adopted because relevant sentencing
principles, relative weightages of different factors and all other sentencing
considerations have to be set out and translated into quantitative guidelines
as dictated by the sentencing commission during the design stage of the
System. It thus embeds the collective sentencing wisdom of the sentencing
committee in the graphical or quantitative guidelines, which can be documented
into a “User cum Teaching Manual” and translated into user specifications for
designing the algorithms and programme software for the System. Once the
System is operational, it is less likely to have inadvertent omissions in the
consideration of significant aggravating and mitigating factors, or errors in
the application of relative weightages, by those involved in the sentencing
process. Fewer appeals may be brought when it becomes harder to justify any
wrong application of sentencing principles, or explain where over or
insufficient weightages had been given to certain sentencing factors by the
sentencing judge, who has used the System (as designed by the sentencing
commission) as a guide.

39 Moreover, through its use, the System itself becomes an important
repository of institutional sentencing knowledge and practical sentencing
practices. Such knowledge can be disseminated widely for use as a sentencing
guide. It also promotes predictability and greater transparency in sentencing
when the System is made available not only to lawyers but also to the public
and in particular to self-represented accused persons for their use. By
increasing sentencing consistency, it also increases the respectability and
public confidence in the criminal justice system. The System may even lead to
more guilty pleas when sentences are more predictable and when the benefits of
pleading guilty early can be quantitatively demonstrated by the System. The
System, accompanied by an e-instruction manual containing a full explanation
of how the relevant principles are applied in a quantitative manner, can be
used as an interactive teaching and training tool, be it for judges, deputy
public prosecutors, or the members of the Bar as part of the Continuing
Professional Development Programmes (“CPDP”). The effects on the sentencing
outcome arising from the interaction of different factors and weightages are
readily demonstrated during training when the participants play with the
System and get familiarised with it. The collective knowledge and wisdom of
the multi-disciplinary panel is thus imparted to the participants _via_ the
System. CPDP lectures on sentencing will become more lively and practical.

40 Nevertheless, I am aware that a computerised system brings with it a number
of disadvantages. Undoubtedly it will be more expensive to develop than manual
guidelines. Extensive judicial and legal resources will have to be deployed
during the developmental phase of the design of the System (_ie_ , when
determining the quantitative parameters and the quantitative weightages in
respect of the various sentencing considerations for various types of
offences). To reduce such developmental costs, the System should be limited
only to those offences which are prevalent and where fairly wide disparities
in sentences have been observed. Besides that, there is a risk of overreliance
on the System by users who do not have a proper understanding of the concepts
and parameters behind the System design. Finally, more time and effort will be
needed during the sentencing process because the judge has to input the
relevant parameters into the System before he can obtain the guideline
sentence. While I am aware of these pitfalls, I believe that the benefits of
the computerised System outweigh the costs. The art and science of sentencing
are complementary, not competing. The proper use of science improves, and does
not detract from, the art of sentencing.

Conclusion

41 The Framework lays out a set of guideline sentences imposing stiff
imprisonment terms which, in light of changing circumstances, are necessary to
deter any would-be match-fixers. It also demonstrates that Singapore has no
tolerance for match fixing activities of any kind. Nevertheless, it is
reiterated that the Framework is not intended to be a straitjacket on the
sentencing judge. Indeed, in order to use the Framework properly, the
sentencing judge is expected to be alive to the differences between the case
before him and the factual assumptions adopted in the Framework, for no two
cases are ever exactly alike. It does not permit the judge to abdicate his
responsibility to exercise his discretion properly to impose a sentence
appropriate to the case at hand, regardless of whatever guideline sentence the
Framework indicates.

* * *

[note: 1]NE, 15 July 2013, p 30, lines 16 – 18.

[note: 2]ROP, vol 4, p 90.

[note: 3]NE, 15 July 2013, p 30 line 23 to p 31 line 8.

[note: 4]ROP, vol 4, p 74.

[note: 5]Skeletal Submissions of the Appellant in MA/158/2014/01 and the
Respondent in MA/158/2014/02 dated 17 Oct 2014 (“Ding’s Submissions dated 17
Oct 2014”), paras 4 and 5.

[note: 6]Ding’s Submissions dated 17 Oct 2014, paras 9 and 10.

[note: 7]Ding’s Submissions dated 17 Oct 2014, paras 14 and 18.

[note: 8]Ding’s Submissions dated 17 Oct 2014, paras 19 and 20.

[note: 9]Ding’s Submissions dated 17 Oct 2014, para 21.

[note: 10]Prosecution’s Submissions on Sentence dated 19 September 2014
(“PSS”), para 6

[note: 11]NE, 17 July 2013, p 71, lines 11 to 25.

[note: 12]Prosecution’s Bundle of Authorities, Tab 25, p 19.

[note: 13]PSS, para 22.

[note: 14]PSS, para 24.

[note: 15]PSS, para 55.

[note: 16]PSS, para 31.

[note: 17]PSS, para 62.

[note: 18]PSS, para 84.

[note: 19]PSS, paras 81 to 83.

[note: 20]PSS, para 115.

[note: 21]PSS, para 64; see Prosecution’s Submissions on Conviction, Annex C.

[note: 22]NE, 15 July 2013, pp 16 to 18.

[note: 23]PSS, para 66(a).

[note: 24]PSS, para 69.

[note: 25]See PSS, para 129.

[note: 26]PSS, para 96.

[note: 27]ROP, vol 4, p 74; see also NE, 15 July 2013, p 42 line 13 to p 43
line 20.

[note: 28]PSS, para 11.

[note: 29]PSS, para 106.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 16 Jan 2015 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

