Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Law Society of Singapore _v_ Ravi s/o Madasamy  
[2015] SGHC 120

Case Number| :| Originating Summons No 265 of 2015  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 29 April 2015  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Sundaresh Menon CJ  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Sean La'Brooy and Tan Wei Ser Venetia (Colin Ng &
Partners LLP) for the applicant; Eugene Thuraisingam (Eugene Thuraisingam LLP)
for the respondent.  
Parties| :|  Law Society of Singapore — Ravi s/o Madasamy  
  
29 April 2015| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Sundaresh Menon CJ:

Introduction

1 This is an application for leave for a Disciplinary Tribunal to be appointed
to conduct an investigation into a complaint of misconduct on the part of a
non-practising solicitor.

2 The applicant is the Law Society of Singapore (“the Law Society”), and the
respondent is Ravi s/o Madasamy, an advocate and solicitor of the Supreme
Court of Singapore of 17 years’ standing (“the Respondent”). I heard the Law
Society’s application on 9 April 2015. Notwithstanding that it was meant to be
an _ex parte_ hearing, I allowed the Respondent and his counsel, Mr Eugene
Thuraisingam (“Mr Thuraisingam”), to be present. Mr Thuraisingam made it clear
that he was not present with a view to making any submissions, save to the
extent there were any questions I might direct to him. As it transpired, Mr
Thuraisingam did address me on some aspects of the case upon my invitation, as
I will outline below. At the end of the hearing, I also raised some concerns
with the Law Society and adjourned the matter for one week. On 16 April 2015,
the Law Society addressed these concerns by filing a further affidavit. Having
considered all that was put before me, I have decided to grant the leave
sought by the Law Society for the reasons that follow.

The facts

3 The present application arose out of the Respondent’s conduct which occurred
during a period when he had been suspended from practice. The Council of the
Law Society (“the Council”), based on circumstances that are not directly
relevant to the present application, was satisfied that the Respondent’s
fitness to practice was impaired by reason of his mental condition, and on 10
February 2015, directed him to stop practising until he had submitted to a
medical examination (“the Council’s Direction”). The Council’s Direction was
issued pursuant to s 25C(7) of the Legal Profession Act (Cap 161, 2009 Rev Ed)
(“LPA”).

4 A copy of the Council’s Direction was served on the Respondent on the same
day at or around 12.15 pm. A few hours later, at or around 5.45 pm, the
Respondent appeared at the Law Society’s premises with three companions and
was alleged to have:

(a) caused, encouraged or permitted an unauthorised video clip of the staff
and premises of the Law Society to be taken, and thereafter to be published
online for public viewing;

(b) directed vulgarities at the staff and/or failed to prevent the same from
being done by his companions; and

(c) restrained or attempted to restrain the staff from leaving the premises by
obstructing the exit and/or permitted the same being done by his companions.

5 The Council wrote to the Respondent on 13 February 2015 in relation to the
incident on 10 February 2015 and demanded that he apologise for his conduct,
undertake not to repeat the same and further, that he remove the video clip
and not further disseminate it. The Respondent complied with these demands by
way of a letter to the Law Society dated 16 March 2015, in which he apologised
for his conduct on 10 February 2015 and undertook both not to repeat such
conduct and to remove the video clip.

6 However, in the period between the incident at the premises of the Law
Society on 10 February 2015 and the Respondent’s apology and undertaking that
was proffered on 16 March 2015, other events, which are material to the
present application, had taken place.

7 On 11 February 2015, one day after the incident at the premises of the Law
Society, the Respondent sent an email to the Straits Times news desk and a
senior reporter, Mr K C Vijayan, of the Singapore Press Holdings. The
Respondent’s email primarily concerned his suspension by the Law Society but
also contained an allegation that Mr Colin Phan (“Mr Phan”), also an advocate
and solicitor of the Supreme Court, had been practising without a practising
certificate. In the same email, the Respondent included various letters from
the State Courts registry and the Supreme Court registry and two letters from
Drew & Napier LLC (“D&N”), one of which was marked “without prejudice”. He
also attached a photograph which showed, in the words of the Respondent, “the
police being called to arrest [Mr Phan]”.

8 On 17 February 2015, the Council applied to the High Court by way of
Originating Summons No 161 of 2015 (“OS 161/2015”) for an order that the
Respondent submit to a medical examination. This was done to comply with the
requirement under s 25C(8), read with s 25C(1), of the LPA, that the Council
shall apply to a Judge for such an order within seven days of having issued a
direction to suspend practice pursuant to s 25C(7) of the LPA.

9 The next day (_ie_ , 18 February 2015), the Respondent allegedly made
certain remarks regarding Mr Thio Shen Yi SC (“Mr Thio”), the President of the
Law Society, on what appeared to be the Respondent’s Facebook page. The
relevant parts read:

Mr Ravi is bemused if not surprised that the President of the Law Society,
Thio Shen Yi, head of the Council of the Law Society) had arrogated himself
the knowledge of psychiatric medicine in suspending Mr Ravi from practice. Mr
Ravi earnestly feels Mr Thio Shen Yi needs to go for psychiatric treatment and
also it will be helpful if he could ask his sister, the infamous Ms Thio Li-
Ann (supposedly leading authority on Constitutional Law and who is doggedly
opposed to the decriminalization of homosexuality and internationally
disgraced for her bigotry on human rights versus Charismatic Christianity). Mr
M Ravi seriously hopes Mr Thio Shen Yi does not end up being disgraced by the
members of the Bar by way of an EOGM, a similar situation which his mother
Prof Thio Su Mein faced during the AWARE saga and it would seem that the Thio
family has not carefully examined its own antecedents.

Thio Shen Yi needs a serious examination of his own head before he goes head
to head on this matter with Mr Ravi. Mr Ravi will commence his slew of legal
action against the Council members in the coming days and will be suing them
jointly and severally.

10 The Council’s application by way of OS 161/2015 was heard by Quentin Loh J
on 24 and 26 February 2015. On 26 February 2015, Loh J ordered that the
Respondent be suspended from practice until further order.

11 On the same day (_ie_ , 26 February 2015), the Respondent allegedly made
further statements on Facebook. In particular, through a Facebook post, he
alleged misconduct on the part of Mr Pradeep Pillai (“Mr Pillai”) from Shook
Lin & Bok LLP who was acting on behalf of the Law Society in OS 161/2015. The
relevant parts of the post read:

At the hearing this afternoon on the Law Society’s application to suspend Mr
Ravi from practice, which was made after he had announced his intention to
contest the next general elections against the prime minister at Ang Mo Kio
GRC, the proceedings turned into a mess towards the end of the morning
hearing.

The law society’s lawyer Mr Pradeep of M/s Shook Lin & Bok shouted at Mr Ravi
in front of the Judge that Ravi should not attend court anymore and he shouted
at Mr Ravi directly instead of addressing the court. The judge, His Honourable
Justice Quentin Loh visibly looked disconcerted at the Law Society counsel’s
misbehaviour.

Mr Ravi appealed to the court to control the emotions of Mr Pradeep which ran
high through his veins. At the close of the hearing as the Judge returned to
his chambers, Mr Pradeep assaulted Mr Ravi. This was captured in the court’s
camera footage. Mr Ravi immediately responded to Mr Pradeep who was trying to
agitate Mr Ravi before and throughout the hearing but to no avail, putting Mr
Pradeep on immediate notice that he will be commencing a Magistrate Complaint
against Mr Pradeep and also commencing legal action against Mr Pradeep, lawyer
for the Law Society, for assaulting Mr Ravi in committing the tort of battery
and for his shouting at Mr Ravi directly.

12 On 19 March 2015, the Respondent filed an application for an order to lift
the suspension (by way of Summons No 1269 of 2015). Loh J heard the parties on
1 April 2015. At the hearing, counsel for the Respondent, Mr Thuraisingam,
sought leave to withdraw the application as the issue had become moot by the
expiry of the Respondent’s practising certificate on 31 March 2015. Loh J
allowed the application to be withdrawn.

The Law Society’s submissions

13 The Law Society submits that the Respondent had, by his conduct, brought
the legal profession as a whole into disrepute and lowered its esteem in the
eyes of the general public. In particular, the Law Society identifies four
acts or aspects of misconduct, namely:

(a) the Respondent attended the Law Society’s premises on 10 February 2015, at
or around 5.45 pm, with three companions and acted in a manner which
constituted harassment or caused alarm or distress to the Law Society’s staff
(“the 1st allegation”);

(b) the Respondent sent an email to the press on 11 February 2015 in which he
alleged that Mr Phan was acting without a practising certificate, included
various confidential documents relating to client matters, as well as one
“without prejudice” communication from D&N, and a photograph which he claimed
showed the police being called to arrest Mr Phan (“the 2nd allegation”);

(c) the Respondent made derogatory and defamatory remarks against Mr Thio on
what appeared to be his Facebook page on 18 February 2015 (“the 3rd
allegation”); and

(d) the Respondent falsely alleged that Mr Pillai had assaulted him on what
appeared to be his Facebook page on 26 February 2015 (“the 4th allegation”).

14 The Law Society submits that leave should be granted for a Disciplinary
Tribunal to be appointed to hear and investigate these matters.

Leave under s 82A(6) of the LPA

15 In cases of misconduct involving Legal Service Officers and non-practising
solicitors, leave must be granted by the Chief Justice before an investigation
may be conducted into the complaint of misconduct. This is clear from s 82A(4)
of the LPA, which provides that:

No application for a Legal Service Officer or non-practising solicitor to be
punished under this section shall be made unless leave has been granted by the
Chief Justice for an investigation to be made into the complaint of misconduct
against the Legal Service Officer or non-practising solicitor concerned.

16 The Law Society brought the present application on the basis that the
Respondent was, at the time of the alleged misconduct, a “non-practising
solicitor”. Whether or not the Respondent was a non-practising solicitor at
the time of the alleged misconduct was not argued before me as both parties
were content to proceed on that basis. For completeness, I pause to consider
this issue briefly.

Whether the Respondent was a non-practising solicitor at the time of the
misconduct

17 The term “non-practising solicitor” is defined in s 82A(1) of the LPA as
“any advocate and solicitor who does not at the time of the misconduct have in
force a practising certificate”. To determine if a practising certificate is
“in force”, one is drawn to s 25(3) of the LPA, which provides that every
practising certificate “shall, subject to sections 26(9) and 27B, be in force
from the date of the issue to the end of the year”. Section 26(9)(_a_) of the
LPA provides that a practising certificate issued to a solicitor shall cease
to be in force when the solicitor ceases “to practice” or “to be employed as
provided in [s 26 of the LPA]”. It would appear that a solicitor who, in
compliance with a direction of the Council under s 25C(7) of the LPA, stops
practising until he has submitted to a medication examination would fall
within the first limb of s 26(9)(_a_) of the LPA. In keeping with this, s
27B(1)(_b_) of the LPA states that a Judge may, on application of the
Attorney-General or the Council, order that the solicitor’s practising
certificate be suspended if “the solicitor’s fitness to practise has been
determined under section 25C to be impaired by reason of the solicitor’s
physical or mental condition”.

18 In the present case, the Council’s Direction was issued on 10 February
2015. On 26 February 2015, Loh J, after hearing arguments, agreed with the
Council that the Respondent’s fitness to practise appeared to be impaired by
reason of his physical or mental condition and ordered that the Respondent be
suspended from practice under s 27B(1)(_b_)(i) of the LPA.

19 In the light of the Council’s Direction, it appears that the Respondent
would have been considered a “non-practising solicitor” at the time of the
alleged misconduct for the purpose of s 82A of the LPA. This may have been why
both parties were satisfied to proceed on this basis. In any case, even if
there were no requirement for the Law Society to have applied for leave, I am
satisfied that no prejudice was suffered by the Respondent by virtue of the
Law Society having taken out these proceedings. I therefore go on to consider
the question of whether leave should be granted under s 82A(6) of the LPA.

Threshold for granting leave

20 Section 82A(6) of the LPA, which governs whether leave should be granted,
states:

Where the Chief Justice is of the opinion that the applicant has _made out a
prima facie case_ for an investigation into his complaint, the Chief Justice
_may_ grant such leave and appoint a Disciplinary Tribunal under section 90.
[emphasis added]

21 Section 82A(6) involves a two-stage process. First, I must be satisfied
that there is a _prima facie_ case for an investigation into the complaint
(_ie_ , the evidence, if accepted, would suffice to prove the elements of the
alleged misconduct in question). Second, and this is only if a _prima facie_
case is made out, I need to consider if there are any relevant factors that
might influence my decision on whether leave should be granted. This is
supported by the plain language of s 82A(6) of the LPA and accords also with
the view of Chan Sek Keong CJ (as he then was) in _Re Nalpon Zero Geraldo
Mario_ [2012] 3 SLR 440 (“ _Nalpon (Leave)_ ”)) at [27]–[28].

22 At the second stage of the inquiry, factors _in favour of_ as well as
_militating against_ an investigation into the alleged misconduct are
relevant. As I will explain later, a respondent or his counsel may, in an
appropriate case and subject to leave being given for this purpose, be invited
to assist in identifying the factors that might affect the exercise of the
court’s discretion (see [57] below). To be clear, this remains a matter for
the court’s discretion and it does not thereby change the nature of the
hearing from one that is conducted _ex parte_ to one conducted _inter partes_.

23 I should also emphasise that nothing that is said at this stage of the
proceedings should have any bearing on the findings and the eventual decision
of the Disciplinary Tribunal or the Court of Three Judges (if the matter
should reach that stage). While the primary threshold (_ie_ , to establish a
_prima facie_ case) is the same as that applied in certain circumstances in a
criminal trial, the analogy goes no further. The purpose of an application
under s 82A(5) of the LPA is a limited one, namely, to determine if an
investigation should be made into a complaint of misconduct. It is an _ex
parte_ application at which the respondent has no right of audience (unless
leave is granted). In such circumstances, there would be scant opportunity for
the respondent’s case to be ventilated. It would therefore be inappropriate
for the Disciplinary Tribunal (where one is subsequently appointed) to proceed
on the basis that the respondent bears the burden of proving his innocence,
simply because the _prima facie_ threshold had been crossed for the purposes
of the application for leave. Under s 82A(7) of the LPA, the Disciplinary
Tribunal shall “hear and investigate into the complaint”. This must mean that
it is obliged to hear the matter _de novo_ with the benefit of evidence and
submissions led by both parties before making its own findings of facts and
law.

24 With these principles in mind, I turn to consider the present case.

Application to the facts

Has the Law Society established a prima facie case?

25 The first stage of the inquiry is whether the Law Society can show a _prima
facie_ case for an investigation into the complaint and this necessitates at
least a brief consideration of each of the four allegations identified at [13]
above.

(1) The 1st allegation: Incident at the Law Society’s premises

26 The essence of the 1st allegation has been outlined above at [4], and
revolved around the incident at the Law Society’s premises. The incident was
reported in the newspapers on 11 February 2015. In support of this allegation,
the Law Society has placed several pieces of evidence before me. As mentioned,
the Law Society sent a letter to the Respondent setting out the details of the
allegation and demanded an apology and certain undertakings in relation to his
future conduct. The Respondent replied, albeit slightly more than a month
later, with both an unconditional apology and the undertakings sought. At the
hearing before me, the Law Society played the video clip which was taken by
one of the Respondent’s companions during the incident at the premises of the
Law Society and which had been made publicly available on the internet.

27 The Law Society took issue with the statements made by the Respondent as
well as his conduct at the premises of the Law Society. After the video clip
was played, Mr Sean La’Brooy (“Mr La’Brooy”), counsel for the Law Society,
highlighted a number of points, namely:

(a) the video carries a “sensationalist” title, namely, “Persecution of Human
Rights lawyer M Ravi by the Law Society of Singapore”;

(b) the Respondent made the statement that the Law Society has “lost its
independence” and calls it the “lost society of Singapore”;

(c) the Respondent made the statement that the Prime Minister has said that
“he will fix the opposition” and he has started to fix the Respondent by using
the Law Society;

(d) the Respondent made the statement that the Law Society has not spoken up
for the Hindus “whose rights have been trampled”; and

(e) the Respondent made the statement that the appointment of Mr Lee Hsien
Loong as the Prime Minister of Singapore is “unconstitutional” as he was
elected because he was Chinese, and that he will be filing an application in
the High Court to challenge the appointment.

28 Mr La’Brooy emphasised, in his written submissions, that the racial remarks
by the Respondent were “uncalled for, and completely unacceptable in a multi-
racial society like Singapore”. He also argued that the Respondent had failed
to act with self-restraint and moderation expected of an advocate and
solicitor.

29 The essence of this aspect of the complaint against the Respondent was that
he had turned up at the premises of the Law Society with a number of his
companions and made certain statements and behaved in an unruly manner. His
actions were presumably motivated by his desire to demonstrate his displeasure
with the Council’s decision to temporarily suspend him from practice under s
25C(7) of the LPA. Even if the Respondent was unhappy with that decision, he
ought to have resorted to the proper avenues to voice his concerns. In
particular, a solicitor directed by the Council to stop practising under s
25C(7) of the LPA may, under s 25C(8)(_c_) of the LPA, either inform the
Council that there has been a change in the circumstances or that there is
good cause for the direction to be rescinded or apply to a Judge for an order
that the direction be set aside. It does not appear that the Respondent had
tried to do any of that.

30 It is well established that the use of abusive language and unruly
behaviour may constitute misconduct unbefitting an advocate and solicitor (see
_The Law Society of Singapore v Gopalan Nair (aka Pallichadath Gopalan Nair)_
[2010] SGDT 11 at [35], citing _The Law Society of Singapore v Wong Sin Yee_
[2002] SGDSC 5 at [17]). On the evidence before me, I am satisfied that the
Law Society has established a _prima facie_ case against the Respondent in
relation to the 1st allegation, in so far as it is alleged that he had failed
to act with self-restraint and moderation expected of an advocate and
solicitor and failed to resort to the appropriate avenues to voice any
grievances he may have had over his suspension.

(2) The 2nd allegation: Email to the press

31 As to the 2nd allegation, the Law Society asserts that the Respondent had
sent an email to the press which included:

(a) serious allegations against Mr Phan, namely, that Mr Phan had been
practising without a valid practising certificate and that he was a “crooked
lawyer”;

(b) information, the disclosure of which, might have breached solicitor-client
privilege and/or confidentiality; and

(c) a “without prejudice” letter from D&N.

32 The Respondent’s email and the attachments were exhibited in the affidavit
filed in support of the application. The question is whether the act of
sending the email with attachments of the sort described above to the press
can be considered as coming within the ambit of misconduct unbefitting an
advocate and solicitor. I will deal with this question in three parts,
corresponding to each of the three aspects of the 2nd allegation.

33 I start with the second aspect, which involves the disclosure of allegedly
sensitive information. The Respondent’s email included letters from the State
Courts registry and Supreme Court registry on the scheduling of various
hearing dates involving matters concerning the Respondent’s clients. The Law
Society initially contended that the disclosure of these letters breached
client confidentiality. Rule 24(1)(_a_) of the Legal Profession (Professional
Conduct) Rules (Cap 161, R 1, 2010 Rev Ed) (“PCR”) states that an advocate and
solicitor “shall not, in any way, directly or indirectly disclose any
confidential information which the advocate and solicitor receives as a result
of the retainer” subject to certain exceptions (none of which appear to apply
in the present case). However, I am not satisfied that the mere act of
disclosure can constitute either a breach of the r 24(1)(_a_) or misconduct
without having regard to the _nature of the information_ disclosed. There can
only be a breach of confidentiality if, to begin with, the information was
confidential in nature (see _Law Society of Singapore v Tan Phuay Khiang_
[2007] 3 SLR(R) 477 at [45]). The letters in question concerned hearing dates
which might, in any case, have been publicly available from the published
hearing lists. There is also a further point: there was no evidence before me
that the respective clients involved had not consented to the disclosure of
the letters. In the circumstances, during the hearing, I expressed some doubts
as to whether this aspect of the 2nd allegation could support a _prima facie_
finding of misconduct. In the event, it is not necessary for me to decide this
point as the Law Society subsequently informed me that it would no longer be
pursuing this aspect of the 2nd allegation. This leaves the remaining two
aspects of this allegation, namely that concerning Mr Phan and disclosure of
the “without prejudice” letter from D&N.

34 I turn now to the first aspect – the allegation concerning Mr Phan. In
Jeffrey Pinsler, _Ethics and Professional Responsibility: A Code for the
Advocate and Solicitor_ (Academy Publishing, 2007) (“ _Ethics and Professional
Responsibility_ ”), it is stated at para 20-008 that:

An advocate and solicitor’s duty as a professional also requires him to _act
responsibly_ when he makes a complaint ... concerning the alleged misconduct
of another advocate and solicitor. The complaint must be _substantiated and
properly communicated_ to the Law Society. [emphasis added]

35 The issue here is not whether Mr Phan was or was not practising without a
practising certificate at the material time. Rather, the focus is on the
Respondent’s conduct. The Respondent made grave accusations against a fellow
solicitor in an email to the press. Had he legitimate concerns regarding Mr
Phan’s professional conduct, he ought instead to have lodged a formal
complaint against Mr Phan with the Law Society; he did not do so.

36 To accuse another solicitor of misconduct is a serious matter that should
not be taken lightly. In this connection, it would generally be inappropriate
for a solicitor to allege misconduct on the part of another solicitor for a
purpose other than to lodge a formal complaint with the Law Society. Here,
there did not seem to be any legitimate purpose for the Respondent to go to
the press with the accusations against Mr Phan. In my judgment, this suffices
to establish a _prima facie_ case of misconduct unbefitting an advocate and
solicitor.

37 I turn to the final aspect of the 2nd allegation which relates to the
disclosure of the letter from D&N marked “without prejudice” to the press. The
Law Society contends that such disclosure undermines the trust and confidence
within the legal fraternity which is necessary for dealings within the
profession. It is uncontroversial that an advocate and solicitor would expect
that his counterpart would not, without his consent, disclose “without
prejudice” correspondence to third parties for purposes that are wholly
unrelated to the matter. However, it was not initially clear on the material
before me whether D&N had given its consent. I granted a short adjournment to
allow the Law Society to determine this point, as well as to consider whether
to continue to pursue the point on the disclosure of the letters from the
State Courts registry and the Supreme Court registry (see [33] above). On 16
April 2015, Ms Ambika Rajendram (“Ms Rajendram”), the director of the Law
Society’s Conduct Department, filed an affidavit affirming that no consent had
been given for the Respondent to disclose the letter from D&N to the press.
She was able to affirm this because Mr La’Brooy’s firm had written to D&N (on
10 April 2015) to seek clarification on the matter, and D&N had replied (on
the same day) indicating that they had not provided any such consent to the
Respondent. Ms Rajendram exhibited both letters in her affidavit.

38 In my judgment, the Respondent’s unauthorised disclosure of the “without
prejudice” letter from D&N could constitute misconduct unbefitting an advocate
and solicitor. I am therefore satisfied that the Law Society has established a
_prima facie_ case against the Respondent in relation to the 2nd allegation
(concerning the allegations against Mr Phan and the disclosure of the “without
prejudice” letter from D&N).

(3) The 3rd allegation: Facebook post on Mr Thio

39 I turn to the allegation that the Respondent had made offensive remarks
against Mr Thio on Facebook on 18 February 2015. The Law Society took the
position that the remarks were made on the Respondent’s Facebook page. In
support, the Law Society produced a screenshot of a Facebook page with the
user name “Ravi MRavi”. I proceed for the present purposes, as well as for the
4th allegation, on the basis that the relevant posts were indeed made by the
Respondent and not by an impostor – indeed there was no suggestion by the
Respondent to that effect. I therefore turn to the statements in question.
Specifically, the Law Society highlighted the following statements:

Mr Ravi earnestly feels Mr Thio Shen Yi needs to go for psychiatric treatment
...

Thio Shen Yi needs a serious examination of his own head before he goes head
on head on this matter with Mr Ravi.

40 There are two possible interpretations of the statements above. The first
is that Mr Thio had been acting in a manner that suggested he was suffering
from some form of psychiatric condition. The second interpretation points at
an insult targeted at Mr Thio, presumably motivated by revenge for the
Council’s Direction. Either way, the statements were wholly unwarranted.
Furthermore, the Respondent had, in the same post, made other offensive
remarks against members of Mr Thio’s family (see above at [9]).

41 Rule 47 of the PCR states that “an advocate and solicitor shall treat his
professional colleagues with courtesy and fairness”. In _Law Society of
Singapore v Ahmad Khalis bin Abdul Ghani_ [2006] 4 SLR(R) 308 (“ _Ahmad
Khalis_ ”) at [81], Andrew Phang JA referred to the profession as “a noble one
– one that exists to serve the ends of justice and fairness”. In that
connection, it has been pointed out by Prof Jeffrey Pinsler in _Ethics and
Professional Responsibility_ at para 20-001 that:

Advocates and solicitors are expect[ed] to be “courteous” to each other
_because this is the standard of behaviour expected of members of an
honourable profession_ who respect each other as such. ... Improper conduct
such as rudeness, threats and other forms of offensive behaviour only serves
to undermine the clients’ interests because personal animosity casts a shadow
over (even corrupts) ideal objective professional representation. _It also
violates the integrity of the profession by giving the impression that its
members are incapable of normal, decent conduct_. [emphasis added]

42 Even if the Respondent felt aggrieved that the suspension had been ordered
and even if he genuinely believed that the suspension was unjustified, he was
not justified in making the remarks that he did against Mr Thio and his
family. On the evidence before me, I find that the Law Society has made out a
_prima facie_ case against the Respondent in relation to the 3rd allegation.

(4) The 4th allegation: Facebook post on Mr Pillai

43 I proceed to the last allegation, namely, that the Respondent had falsely
alleged that Mr Pillai had assaulted him on 26 February 2015 (see above at
[11]).

44 The Law Society’s case is that the Respondent had _falsely_ alleged that Mr
Pillai had assaulted him. The Law Society is hence obliged to provide evidence
that Mr Pillai did not actually assault the Respondent. In the affidavit that
was filed in support of the application dated 25 March 2015, Ms Rajendram
affirmed that the allegation was false and also exhibited a copy of the Law
Society’s press statement denying the Respondent’s allegation against Mr
Pillai.

45 As Ms Rajendram was not one of the eye-witnesses and neither was it evident
who authored the press statement exhibited, I had concerns in relying on her
evidence that the Respondent’s allegation against Mr Pillai was “completely
false”. At the hearing, I asked Mr La’Brooy if Mr Pillai or any of the eye-
witnesses would be filing affidavits to support the Law Society’s case for the
4th allegation. At that point, Mr Thuraisingam informed me that the Respondent
would concede the point and spare the Law Society the trouble. I understood
the Respondent’s concession as confined solely to the present application; it
does not obviate the need for the Law Society to prove its case before the
Disciplinary Tribunal.

46 In light of the evidence together with the Respondent’s concession, I find
that a _prima facie_ case has been established in relation to the 4th
allegation.

(5) Summary

47 For these reasons, I am satisfied that a _prima facie_ case has been
established against the Respondent in respect of all four allegations of
misconduct. This leads me to the second stage of the inquiry.

Should the discretion be exercised?

48 I begin with an observation as to the degree of involvement that a
respondent and his counsel should have in an application for leave under s
82A(5) of the LPA. In _Nalpon (Leave)_ at [4], Chan CJ had observed as
follows:

Initially, I was minded to grant the DPP leave to be heard, but subsequently,
I decided to hear the present OS on an  _ex parte_ basis as I was (perhaps
overly) concerned that any decision which I made against the DPP at an  _inter
partes_ hearing, in the event of my allowing the Applicant's application in
the present OS, might influence the subsequent disciplinary proceedings before
a Disciplinary Tribunal. Accordingly, I heard the present OS on an _ex parte_
basis.

On this basis, the Law Society submitted that the application should proceed
on an _ex parte_ basis. I have no doubt that this is technically correct. For
a start, I note that s 82A(5) of the LPA states that the application for leave
is to be commenced by _ex parte_ originating summons supported by an
affidavit. It does not allow the respondent to file a reply affidavit or to
have a right of reply at the hearing. I also agree that there is a need to
guard against any possibility of the decision that is made at the leave stage
having a bearing on the subsequent proceedings were leave given, a point I
have noted at [23] above.

49 Having said that, I would not go so far as to say that a respondent and his
counsel should _never_ be allowed to be present at the _ex parte_ hearing. In
my judgment, in an appropriate case and subject to leave, there may be value
in having the respondent or counsel assist, in particular, on the second stage
of the inquiry (_ie_ , on the question of whether the discretion ought not be
exercised notwithstanding that there may be a _prima facie_ case). While the
Law Society can be expected to draw to my attention the relevant factors that
it is aware of that might militate against the granting of leave, the
respondent or his counsel would generally be better placed to identify such
factors. However, I reiterate that even where this is done, nothing that has
been said in an application for leave under s 82A(5) of the LPA should have
any bearing on the findings and decision of the Disciplinary Tribunal or, for
that matter, the Court of Three Judges (see [23] above).

50 At the close of the submissions by Mr La’Brooy on behalf of the Law
Society, I invited Mr Thuraisingam to address me specifically on the issue of
whether my discretion to deny leave ought to be exercised in the present case.
I did so despite Chan CJ’s approach in _Nalpon (Leave)_ because I found this
to be an appropriate case where I should hear from the respondent on the
specific issue of discretion. In particular, I wanted to hear what the
Respondent had to say (and the Law Society’s response) on the impact that his
medical condition should have in relation to whether leave should be granted.

51 In his brief address, Mr Thuraisingam raised three points for my
consideration. First, he informed me that the Respondent was remorseful and
would undertake to apologise to Mr Phan, Mr Thio and his family, and Mr
Pillai. Second, he pointed out that the Respondent had instructed his firm to
come up with a “mechanism”, together with the Respondent’s doctor and the Law
Society, to prevent such an episode from happening again. Third, he wanted me
to take into account the Respondent’s contribution to the legal profession
over the years.

52 After the hearing, the Respondent filed an affidavit on 15 April 2015. This
affidavit, filed without leave, contained evidence to support the first and
second points raised by Mr Thuraisingam. Exhibited in the affidavit were
letters of apologies allegedly sent by the Respondent to Mr Phan, Mr Thio and
his family, and Mr Pillai. Also exhibited were further letters exchanged
between Mr Thuraisingam and Dr Munidasa Winslow in relation to the proposed
“mechanism” that Mr Thuraisingam mentioned at the hearing. By way of a letter
to the court dated 24 April 2015, counsel for the Law Society took the
position that the Respondent should not be granted leave to file the further
affidavit. In that same letter, counsel for the Law Society highlighted that
the Law Society had not accepted the proposed “mechanism” and that the issue
of having a “mechanism” to manage the Respondent’s condition was a matter that
should be left for the Disciplinary Tribunal to decide. As an alternative
submission, counsel for the Law Society sought leave to file a further
affidavit if leave were granted to the Respondent.

53 Having considered the matter, I granted leave to the Respondent, and
admitted his affidavit. I also find there is no need for a further affidavit
from the Law Society. I should make it clear that, as a matter of courtesy to
the court, the Respondent should have sought my leave before filing the
affidavit. Notwithstanding his failure to have done so, I allowed his
affidavit to be admitted because I had allowed Mr Thuraisingam to address me
on the issue of discretion and the Respondent’s affidavit goes no further than
to cover the points that had been raised in Mr Thuraisingam’s brief address. I
have also taken into account the Law Society’s responses, and do not think
that there is any need for a further affidavit because these points too had
been canvassed during the hearing.

54 Returning to Mr Thuraisingam’s address, he alluded to the Respondent’s
psychiatric condition as a factor to militate against the granting of leave.
On the evidence before me, the condition seems to have been what sparked off
the entire incident. He had been suspended in the first place because of this
condition and it appears to be closely related (temporally and perhaps even
causally) to the alleged misconduct. Notably, the Respondent tendered his
apology and undertaking on the same day (_ie_ , 16 March 2015) that his doctor
considered him as having “returned to a normal euthymic mood”. In these
circumstances, it may well be thought that the Respondent’s apparent
psychiatric condition is a relevant consideration. Nevertheless, I am
satisfied that this should not stand in the way of leave being granted. In my
judgment, the question of whether the Respondent’s alleged psychiatric
condition serves to either exculpate the Respondent altogether or mitigate his
alleged misconduct should be decided by the Disciplinary Tribunal. This
question may well involve expert evidence being called to elucidate on whether
the Respondent was suffering from a psychiatric condition at the material time
and what its consequences were. This might extend to whether he was aware of
his actions or able to control them. There may also be a question as to
whether the entire episode, even if causally related to the alleged
psychiatric condition, could have been avoided had the Respondent, on 2
February 2015 (and _prior_ to the issuance of the Council’s Direction),
accepted his doctor’s recommendation that he be placed “in hospital under
observation”. All these questions cannot be adequately considered at the leave
stage.

55 In addition, there are other factors in favour of granting leave. One such
factor is the need to set the record straight by way of the fact-finding
process in the disciplinary proceedings. This is important in the present case
where there have been various allegations made against a number of people and
a high level of media attention and publicity generated around the alleged
misconduct (much of which was the result of the Respondent’s own acts).
Secondly, there is also the apparent severity of the alleged misconduct.

56 On the whole, I am satisfied that leave should be granted.

Costs

57 Before I conclude, I make an observation on costs.

58 The Law Society had asked for costs of the present application. The
starting point is s 82A(13) of the LPA, which reads:

The costs of and incidental to any proceedings under this section shall be in
the discretion of the Disciplinary Tribunal, Judge or court hearing those
proceedings.

59 Given that at this stage, no findings of liability have been made, I do not
consider it appropriate to make an order for costs. Instead, I reserve my
decision on costs until after the matter has been concluded either upon the
report of the Disciplinary Tribunal or if it reaches that stage, upon the
decision of the Court of Three Judges.

Conclusion

60 For these reasons and on these terms, I allow the Law Society’s application
for leave.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 29 Apr 2015 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

