Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Public Prosecutor _v_ Yang Yin  
[2015] SGHC 3

Case Number| :| Criminal Revision No 18 of 2014  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 08 January 2015  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Sundaresh Menon CJ  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Tan Ken Hwee, Ang Feng Qian, Nicholas Tan, Norman Yew and
Kenneth Chin (Attorney-General's Chambers) for the applicant; Wee Pan Lee
(Wee, Tay & Lim LLP) for the respondent.  
Parties| :|  Public Prosecutor — Yang Yin  
  
8 January 2015|  
---|---  
  
Sundaresh Menon CJ:

Introduction

1 This was an application made by the Public Prosecutor (“the Prosecution”)
under s 400 of the Criminal Procedure Code (Cap 68, 2012 Rev Ed) (“the CPC”)
seeking revision of the order made by the learned District Judge on 6 November
2014 offering bail to Yang Yin, the respondent, at the sum of $150,000 with
one surety or $75,000 with two sureties.

2 After hearing the parties on 10 November 2014, I reserved the matter to
consider the various submissions made by both parties. On 11 November 2014, I
allowed the application and directed that the order granting bail be revoked.
I now set out the detailed grounds for my decision.

Background facts

3 On 31 October 2014, the respondent was charged in the State Courts with 11
counts of falsification of accounts under s 477A of the Penal Code (Cap 224,
2008 Rev Ed) (“the Penal Code”).

4 At a further mention on 5 November 2014, the Prosecution tendered 320 fresh
charges under s 477A against the respondent. The charges relate to the
respondent’s alleged falsification of receipts when he was a director of Young
Music & Dance Studio Pte Ltd.

5 The respondent is a foreign national and questions arose as to bail.

6 The principal grounds raised by the Prosecution and put forward in the
evidence of the investigating officer before the District Judge and before me
included the following:

(a) The respondent had been charged with several counts under s 477A of the
Penal Code which is a non-bailable offence. In the circumstances it was
incumbent on the respondent to discharge the burden of proving that bail was
appropriate, rather than on the Prosecution to prove that it was not;

(b) The respondent had slender ties to Singapore. Not only was he not a
national, his family members were all abroad. He was therefore a flight risk
and no material had been put forward to satisfy the court that he was not;

(c) It appeared from the evidence that the bail money that was expected to be
made available would come not from bailors resident and rooted in Singapore
but from the respondent’s family members in China. This, it was said, went
against the rule that bailors had to put their own assets at risk and not be
put in funds by or on behalf of those seeking bail;

(d) It appeared that the respondent had caused a sum of around $500,000 to be
transferred to his father’s bank account in China and this fact had not been
volunteered by the respondent but only emerged from investigations;

(e) If the respondent fled the jurisdiction, it appeared he would have the
means to live comfortably in China; and

(f) There was reason to believe that the respondent had access to other
sources of funds and had not been forthcoming to the investigating officers
about his sources of and access to funds.

7 After hearing the parties’ submissions, the District Judge reserved
judgment. On the next day, 6 November 2014, the District Judge granted bail on
the terms noted at [1] above.

8 I should note so as to provide the context to the discussion of the District
Judge’s decision in the following section that the respondent had been granted
a lasting power of attorney over the property of one Mdm Chung Khin Chun (“Mdm
Chung”) including her bank accounts. The respondent has been involved in a
civil dispute concerning the validity of the power of attorney and a Mareva
injunction had been granted in conjunction with those proceedings.

The decision below

9 In summary, the District Judge decided to grant bail for the following
reasons:

(a) The number of charges did not add significantly to the seriousness of the
charges. The many false receipts issued by the respondent were to be seen as
part of a single composite picture in that these had all been generated by him
to give the impression of a thriving business so as to enhance his prospects
of obtaining permanent residence in Singapore.

(b) The investigating officer had highlighted that a sum of $500,000 had been
transferred from an account belonging to Mdm Chung to the respondent’s father.
However, it could not be inferred from the mere fact of the transfer that this
had taken place without Mdm Chung’s authorisation or that this was in breach
of trust.

(c) Although the respondent had no roots in Singapore, that did not
necessarily prohibit him from being admitted to bail as otherwise all
foreigners in Singapore once charged would not be admitted to bail.

(d) The respondent had good reasons to stay in Singapore. In particular, he
would wish to contest the ongoing civil litigation and also to avail himself
of the opportunity to free his assets from the Mareva injunction.

10 The District Judge also held that he would leave it to the bail centre to
assess the suitability of the bailor(s) and appeared to regard it as
immaterial that the bail money might emanate from abroad. Bail was granted at
$150,000 with one surety or $75,000 with two sureties with the following
additional conditions:

(a) The sureties must be Singaporeans;

(b) The respondent must surrender any travel document in his possession; and

(c) The respondent must report to the investigating officer daily at 10:00am.

My decision

The respondent’s preliminary objection

11 It may be noted that the Prosecution brought an application for revision
rather than an appeal against the decision of the District Judge. Counsel for
the respondent, Mr Wee Pan Lee (“Mr Wee”), first raised a procedural objection
to the Prosecution’s application for criminal revision under s 400 of the CPC.
Mr Wee submitted that an application for criminal revision could only be
brought in a narrow band of cases. In support of this submission he relied on
s 400 of the CPC which provides:

**Power to call for records of State Courts**

**400**.—(1) Subject to this section and section 401, the High Court may, on
its own motion or on the application of a State Court, the Public Prosecutor
or the accused in any proceedings, call for and examine the record of any
criminal proceeding before any State Court to satisfy itself as to the
correctness, legality or propriety of any judgment, sentence or order recorded
or passed and as to the regularity of those proceedings.

(2) No application may be made by any party under this section in relation to
any judgment, sentence or order which he could have appealed against but had
failed to do so in accordance with the law unless the application is made —

(_a_) against a failure by a court to impose the mandatory minimum sentence or
any other sentence required by written law; or

(_b_) against a sentence imposed by a court which the court is not competent
to impose.

12 Mr Wee relied on s 400(2) and argued that the s 400 procedure was not
available to the Prosecution because it could have appealed against the
District Judge’s order, and the present application did not fall within the
scope of the exceptions stipulated in ss 400(2)(_a_) and 400(2)(_b_) of the
CPC. Mr Wee contended that the Prosecution could have appealed against the
decision of the District Judge in accordance with ss 374(1) and 380 of the CPC
which state:

**When appeal may be made**

**374**.—(1) An appeal against any judgment, sentence or order of a court may
only be made as provided for by this Code or by any other written law.

…

**Appeal specially allowed in certain cases**

**380**.—(1) The appellate court may, on the application of any person
debarred from appealing for non-compliance with any provision of this Code,
permit him to appeal against any judgment, sentence or order if it considers
it to be in the interests of justice, subject to such terms and conditions as
the court thinks fit.

(2) The appellate court may, on the application of the accused or his
advocate, or the Public Prosecutor, permit an appeal to proceed to hearing
without the grounds of decision, if the court considers it to be in the
interest of justice and for reasons beyond the control of either party,
subject to such terms and conditions as the court thinks fit.

According to Mr Wee, the decision of the State Court to grant bail in the sum
of $150,000 was an order within the meaning of s 374(1) of the CPC and was
therefore appealable.

13 I did not agree that the District Judge’s order was an order that could be
appealed against. Section 377(1) of the CPC elaborates on the basis for appeal
in the following terms:

**Procedure for appeal**

**377**.—(1) Subject to sections 374, 375 and 376, a person who is not
satisfied with _any judgment, sentence or order_ of a trial court in a
criminal case or matter to which he is a party may appeal to the appellate
court against that _judgment, sentence or order_ in respect of any error in
law or in fact, or in an appeal against sentence, on the ground that the
sentence imposed is manifestly excessive or manifestly inadequate.

[emphasis added]

14 The Court of Appeal in _Mohamed Razip and others v Public Prosecutor_
[1987] SLR(R) 525 (“ _Mohamed Razip_ ”) considered the meaning and effect of
the words “judgment, sentence or order” in s 247 of the Criminal Procedure
Code (Cap 68, 1985 Rev Ed) (“the 1985 CPC”), which is the predecessor
provision of s 377(1) of the CPC. The court concluded in that case that a bail
order was not a judgment, sentence or order within the meaning of the
provision (at [18]):

18 … We are of the view that an order made on a bail application by a
Subordinate Court does not come within the meaning of the words “any judgment,
sentence or order pronounced by any district court or magistrate’s court in a
criminal case or matter” contained in s 247 of the Criminal Procedure Code. It
is certainly not a judgment or sentence, and neither is it an “order”.

15 The court then cited the decision of Whitton J in _Gng Eng Hwoo v Regina_
[1954] MLJ 256 which concluded that an order in relation to the ownership of a
boat lacked the quality of finality necessary to come within the meaning of
the word “order” appearing in a provision similar in terms to s 241 of the
1985 CPC. This provision is similar to s 374(1) of the present CPC which has
been cited above at [12].

16 The decision of the Court of Appeal in _Mohamed Razip_ was binding on me
and I was therefore unable to accept Mr Wee’s contention that the State Court
decision to grant bail was appealable as an order within the meaning of s
374(1) of the CPC. In any event, no reason was advanced by Mr Wee to justify
departing from this interpretation. It followed that an order granting bail
was not an appealable order.

17 The same view was taken in _Public Prosecutor v Sollihin bin Anhar_ [2014]
SGHC 228 (“ _Sollihin_ ”), where Tay Yong Kwang J cited _Mohamed Razip_ and
held (at [29]) that a decision on bail was interlocutory in nature and would
generally be regarded as a non-appealable order. Mr Wee in oral submissions
pointed out that the decision of _Sollihin_ on this point appeared to have
rested on a point that was agreed between the parties (see _Sollihin_ at
[14]); but this did not detract from the fact that the position laid down in
_Mohamed Razip_ seemed to be settled.

18 There is an ancillary point to be made concerning s 97 of the CPC, which
provides as follows:

(1) Whether there is an appeal against conviction or not, the High Court may
grant bail to any accused before it, release him on personal bond or vary the
amount or conditions of the bail or personal bond required by a police officer
or a State Court, and impose such other conditions for the bail or personal
bond as it thinks fit.

(2) At any stage of any proceeding under this Code, the High Court may cause
any person released under this section to be arrested and may commit him to
custody.

19 Both parties agreed that this provision was not applicable in the present
circumstances because the subject matter of the application was not to _seek_
the grant of bail, or the release of the respondent on a personal bond or a
variation of the amount or conditions of bail (see generally _Sollihin_ at
[26]–[28]). Indeed, both the Prosecution and the respondent agreed that the
provision did not apply where the order sought was a _revocation_ of bail.
Accordingly, there was no basis for this court to exercise its powers under
that provision.

20 The remaining question was whether there was a right to seek revision under
s 400 of the CPC. This question also was recently considered and it was
answered in the affirmative in _Sollihin_ at [29]–[30]. In that case, Tay J
found that the High Court’s power of revision in respect of criminal
proceedings was found in s 23 of the Supreme Court of Judicature Act (Cap 322,
2007 Rev Ed) (“SCJA”), as well as s 400 of the CPC. It was held that the
revisionary powers of the High Court in respect of criminal proceedings could
be exercised over any judgment, sentence, or order recorded or passed by the
State Courts. Tay J found that s 400(2) was inapplicable to exclude the High
Court’s revisionary power because a bail decision is a non-appealable order,
and concluded that the revisionary powers of the High Court were “sufficiently
broad so as to allow it to reverse a State Court’s decision to grant bail to
an accused” (at [30]).

21 I agreed with both the reasoning and conclusion reached by Tay J in
_Sollihin_. There was however one further observation that came to mind as I
considered this application. This concerned the words “judgment, sentence or
order” which may be found in s 400 of the CPC. I had earlier concluded that an
order made on a bail application did not come within the same words found in s
377 of the CPC because it lacked the necessary quality of finality. If the
same words must mean the same thing in each of these sections, it might be
argued (although this argument was not raised before me) that the High Court
could have no revisionary powers with respect to orders made on bail
applications because these orders lacked the same necessary quality of
finality and so could not come within the ambit of the words “judgment,
sentence or order” in s 400 of the CPC.

22 Having considered the matter, I do not think that these words can be
interpreted in the same way in both provisions. Section 400 of the CPC is
found in “Division 3–Revision of proceedings before State Courts” and the word
“order” there should be read purposively to include any order that is liable
for revision under the powers conferred in s 401(2) of the CPC. On the other
hand, s 377 is found in “Division 1–Appeals” which is concerned with the issue
of when an appeal might be brought and, correspondingly, with the finality of
orders.

23 I would also point out that an applicant must satisfy a high threshold in
order successfully to invoke the wide powers of revision available under the
CPC (see [25] below). This high threshold not only deters frivolous
applications from being brought but also suggests that once the threshold has
been met, the court should be in a position to exercise its wide powers even
in relation to orders that are not final in nature. The operative concern in
an application for revision, as I note below, is the avoidance of serious
injustice and this should not be thwarted because an order may be seen to lack
finality in some respects. I was therefore satisfied that a bail order did
fall within the ambit of the court’s revisionary power under s 400 of the CPC.

24 For these foregoing reasons, I dismissed the preliminary objection raised
by Mr Wee on behalf of the respondent.

Principles governing the exercise of revisionary powers

25 Having decided that this court could exercise powers of revision in the
present case, the next question that arose for consideration was whether I
should exercise those powers. It is settled law that the threshold is that of
“serious injustice” and that reversionary power should be exercised
“sparingly” (see _Yunani bin Abdul Hamid v Public Prosecutor_ [2008] 3 SLR(R)
383 at [47]). The requirement of serious injustice was explained by Yong Pung
How CJ in the High Court decision of _Ang Poh Chuan v Public Prosecutor_
[1995] 3 SLR(R) 929 at [17] in the following terms:

17 … there cannot be a precise definition of what would constitute such
serious injustice for that would in any event unduly circumscribe what must be
a wide discretion vested in the court, the exercise of which would depend
largely on the particular facts. But generally it must be shown that there is
_something palpably wrong in the decision that strikes at its basis as an
exercise of judicial power by the court below_.

[emphasis added]

26 A similarly high threshold for intervention was also recognised in _Knight
Glenn Jeyasingam v Public Prosecutor_ [1998] 3 SLR(R) 196 at [19] where it was
stated:

19 … The court's immediate duty is to satisfy itself as to the correctness,
legality or propriety of any order passed and as to the regularity of any
proceedings of that subordinate court. However, this is not sufficient to
require the intervention of the courts on revision. The irregularity or
otherwise noted from the record of proceedings must have resulted in _grave
and serious injustice_.

[emphasis added]

27 With these principles in mind, I turn to the facts at hand.

Application to the facts

28 In my judgment, the learned District Judge erred in the following important
respects.

29 The first error concerned the burden of proof. Since the respondent was
charged with non-bailable offences under s 477A of the Penal Code, bail was
not available to the respondent as of right although the court might in its
discretion decide to offer bail (see _Fatimah bte Kumin Lim v Attorney-
General_ [2014] 1 SLR 547 at [24]). The onus was therefore on him to show that
bail should nonetheless be extended to him (see _S Selvamsylvester v Public
Prosecutor_ [2005] 4 SLR(R) 409 at [22]). This may be contrasted with a
situation where bail is available as of right for bailable offences (see s 92
of the CPC). Although the District Judge was aware of this distinction, it
appears that he ultimately did not take it into account when considering the
facts of the bail application. I shall elaborate on this by setting out the
events that transpired in the court below as well as the District Judge’s
reasoning found in the notes of evidence.

30 As mentioned, the onus was on the respondent to show that bail should be
extended to him. The respondent could have advanced his cause by establishing,
for example, that the risk of absconding is low (see [44] below for other
usual bail considerations). Despite this burden, the respondent did not adduce
any evidence to establish that bail should be extended in his favour. He
instead relied on bare assertions such as his intention to remain in Singapore
to contest his civil suits and his alleged intention not to breach orders of
the court. These assertions somehow found favour with the District Judge who
held that the respondent had “good reasons to stay in Singapore in order to
contest the ongoing civil litigation and also to avail himself the opportunity
to get his assets freed from the Mareva injunction”.[note: 1] With respect,
this was speculative to begin with and the respondent did not even file an
affidavit testifying to the same.

31 In contrast to the flimsy case advanced by the respondent, the Prosecution
adduced cogent evidence to support their case that bail should not be granted
to the respondent. The Prosecution referred to evidence of two transfers which
took the form of a debit note, a bank statement, and a Society for Worldwide
Interbank Financial Telecommunication (SWIFT) advice. The evidence established
that a sum of approximately $500,000 had been transferred from the
respondent’s Singapore bank account to Mdm Chung’s account (“the First
Transfer”). A second transfer of an almost identical amount was then made on
the same day from Mdm Chung’s account to an account in China that apparently
belonged to the respondent’s father (“the Second Transfer”). These transfers
were relevant to the determination of bail because they went some way towards
showing that the respondent was a flight risk since he might have access to
substantial funds in China if he fled this jurisdiction. They also showed that
the respondent had been less than candid before the court below because he did
not disclose or explain the Second Transfer even though the District Judge
raised questions specifically directed to this at the hearing on 5 November
2014. More details of the Second Transfer only came to light after the second
affidavit of the investigating officer was filed on the following day, which
then led to the respondent changing his line of argument and submitting
instead that the transfer was not unauthorised or subject to criminal
proceedings.

32 The District Judge appeared to have accepted the respondent’s submission in
this regard. He held that the Second Transfer was “neither here nor
there”[note: 2] and that it could not be inferred from this transfer that the
movement of monies was without Mdm Chung’s authorisation or in breach of
trust. This might well be true in one sense, but with respect, it reflected an
erroneous approach because the District Judge was in effect placing the burden
on the Prosecution to adduce further evidence of the respondent’s wrongdoing.
The question before the District Judge was _not_ whether the respondent was
guilty of a charge of criminal breach of trust. The issue at hand was whether
to extend bail to the respondent with regard to the usual considerations of
bail (see the discussion at [44]–[46] below) and the District Judge erred
because he should have directed his mind to the question of whether the
respondent had discharged his burden of proof. Nowhere in the reasoning of the
District Judge was it evident what he made of the concerns raised by the
Prosecution arising from the transfer of funds that:

(a) it suggested that the respondent was a flight risk; and

(b) the respondent had not been candid or forthcoming in disclosing matters
pertaining to an issue that had specifically been raised during the
proceedings.

33 In my judgment, there was no evidence before the District Judge to warrant
his arriving at the conclusion that the respondent’s burden of proof had been
discharged. Indeed, in my judgment the District Judge arrived at the
conclusion he did because he erroneously placed the burden of proof on the
Prosecution.

34 There was also a second error. The District Judge seemed to have placed
little weight on the admitted fact that the bail money would not be that of
the Singaporean sureties but would have been channelled to the sureties from
the respondent’s parents who resided in China. It appears that the District
Judge considered this fact to be merely an administrative detail that was not
relevant to his assessment of whether to grant bail and he was content to
leave it to the bail centre to assess the suitability of the sureties. The
authorities cited in the following paragraphs demonstrate that the District
Judge erred in this respect because the source of bail monies has an important
effect on the “pull of bail”, a concept that stands at the heart of the
concept of bail.

35 In _Public Prosecutor v Ram Ghanshamdas Mahtani and another action_ [2003]
1 SLR(R) 517 at [9], Yong CJ agreed with and adopted the following
observations of Lord Widgery CJ in _R v Southhampton Justices, ex parte
Corker_ (1976) 120 SJ 214:

… The real pull of bail, the real effective force that it exerts, is that it
may cause the offender to attend his trial rather than subject his nearest and
dearest who has gone surety for him to undue pain and discomfort. …

36 The pull of bail was also considered and explained as follows by the
English Court of Appeal in _Herman v Jeuchner_ (1885) 15 QBD 561 (“ _Herman_
”) at 563:

… In the present case the defendant required the plaintiff to deposit 49 _l_
for the space of two years, and in consideration of the plaintiff so doing the
defendant promised the plaintiff to become a surety for him: the plaintiff on
his part undertook to deposit the 49 _l_. That is the substance of the
contract; is it illegal? To my mind it is illegal, because it takes away the
protection which the law affords for securing the good behaviour of the
plaintiff. When a man is ordered to find bail, and a surety becomes
responsible for him, the surety is bound at his peril to see that his
principal obeys the order of the Court: at least, this is the rule in the
criminal law; _but if money to the amount for which the surety is bound is
deposited with him as an indemnity against any loss which he may sustain by
reason of his principal’s conduct, the surety has no interest in taking care
that the condition of the recognisance is performed_. Therefore the contract
between the plaintiff and defendant is tainted with illegality.

[emphasis added]

37 The Prosecution also tendered two other authorities, namely, _Consolidated
Exploration and Finance Co v Musgrave_ [1900] 1 Ch 37 (“ _Consolidated
Exploration_ ”) and _Rex v Porter_ [1910] 1 KB 369 (“ _Porter_ ”), in support
of its submission that an agreement to indemnify a surety for bail liabilities
would be contrary to public policy. In _Consolidated Exploration_ , the
plaintiff company transferred shares to the second defendant, Musgrave, as
consideration for the latter’s promise to stand as surety for two individuals
facing criminal charges. The plaintiff sought the return of the shares while
Musgrave claimed that he was entitled to the shares since one of the
individuals facing criminal charges had absconded. North J held that the
security for bail was illegal and void, reasoning (at 42) that:

… [I]t is essential that the person giving bail should be interested in
looking after and, if necessary, exercising the legal powers he has to prevent
the accused from disappearing: this is essential for the protection of the
public, and anything that tends to prevent or hinder his so doing is illegal.
Why is it not equally illegal for the bail to be indemnified by a third
person, it being admittedly illegal to be indemnified by the prisoner? The
reason of the illegality is the same in each case. It is said that the public
still have in the person who gives indemnity the same security of a person
whose interest it is to produce the prisoner. That is not so, for he has not
the power of the bail. …

38 A similar conclusion was reached in the English Court of Criminal Appeal
case of _Porter_. In that case, Clark agreed to give Brindley and the
appellant, Porter, 50 _l_ each to stand as sureties for him so that they would
not be put out of pocket if Clark absconded. Lord Alverstone CJ affirmed the
established principle that an agreement to indemnify bail was one which cannot
be enforced and elaborated (at 373) that:

… It has been suggested to us that the more modern view of bail is that it is
a mere contract of suretyship, and that an agreement to indemnify bail,
therefore, does not involve any illegality. If that were so, as soon as the
bail had got his indemnity, he would have no interest whatever in seeing that
the accused person was forthcoming to take his trial, and it is obvious that
criminals, particular if possessed of means, would very frequently abscond
from justice. …

39 It is evident from these authorities that it is important to consider the
source of funds that are being advanced for bail. This is not merely an
administrative detail that can be ignored by the judge considering whether to
grant bail. In particular, the court considering the bail application must
have regard to the issue of whether the sureties are suitably incentivised to
take active steps to ensure that the accused does not flee and that the
accused will likely meet and comply with any requirements to attend court and
answer the charges because they have put their _own_ assets at risk. If a
court does not duly consider the source of a surety’s funds, it may lead to
the invidious situation where an accused person who has the means can
effectively purchase his freedom.

40 On the facts at hand, the quantum of bail, namely $150,000, was precisely
the amount which the respondent indicated his family in China could raise.
This meant that the Singaporean sureties would not be putting their own assets
at risk at all as they would have been put in funds for the exact amount of
bail from the respondent’s family. In these circumstances the pull of bail was
evidently missing and the District Judge erred in failing to consider this. I
also note in passing that the respondent’s contention that the sum of $150,000
was the limit of what his family could afford to post by way of bail did not
seem consistent with the evidence that he had earlier a remitted a sum of
around $500,000 to his father as noted above at [31].

41 It is an established principle of law emanating from the cases I have
referred to above that an agreement to indemnify a surety for bail liabilities
would be contrary to public policy. Although the facts before me did not
strictly concern a formal agreement to indemnify the sureties in this case, in
my judgment, placing a surety in funds in order to persuade that person to
stand as surety was equally, if not even more, objectionable as an agreement
to indemnify a surety for bail liabilities. Indeed this was essentially the
same situation as had transpired in _Herman_ (see [36] above).

42 Mr Wee responded in oral argument that the source of bail monies had only
been revealed in the course of proceedings below because he had volunteered it
in the interests of transparency. I thought that it was commendable that Mr
Wee did volunteer it but it did not change the analysis. As a matter of fact,
that information was volunteered in the context of an application that was
made to amend a part of the relevant court form where the sureties had been
obliged to state that the bail money was their own. But, as I have noted
above, the requirement was there for good reason. If this requirement was
dispensed with, then the pull of bail would be negated and the very premise
and foundation on which bail was granted, namely the assurance that the
accused would present himself to the court when required, would be lost.

43 In these circumstances, I considered that it was appropriate for me to
intervene. The misapplication of the burden of proof as well as the grant of
bail without appreciating that the pull of bail was absent would have resulted
in the release of the respondent on bail to sureties who would have had no
incentive to ensure that the respondent complied with the bail conditions.
Further, the respondent could in effect have paid for his freedom through the
provision of funds which came in the first instance from his parents, but
which in turn could possibly have come from the respondent himself (see the
two transfers I have referred to at [31] above). In my judgment, these errors
resulted in the possibility of grave and serious injustice, which met the
threshold for the invocation of the court’s powers of revision. In all the
circumstances, including the fact that the respondent faced a number of
charges disclosing offences that were by no means trifling in nature, there
was a significant flight risk. The question then was whether to direct that
the order granting bail be revoked altogether or whether the quantum of bail
should be increased.

The appropriate order

44 The following non-exhaustive considerations may be taken into account by a
court which has to determine whether to grant bail (see _Public Prosecutor v
Wee Swee Siang_ [1948] MLJ 114):

(a) Whether there are reasonable grounds for believing the accused is guilty
of the offence;

(b) The nature and gravity of the offence charged;

(c) The severity and degree of punishment that might follow;

(d) The danger of the accused absconding if released on bail;

(e) The accused’s character, means and standing;

(f) The danger of the offence being continued or repeated;

(g) The danger of witnesses being tampered with;

(h) Whether the grant of bail is essential to ensure that the accused has an
adequate opportunity to prepare his defence; and

(i) The length of the period of detention of the accused and the probability
of any further period of delay.

I pause to note that some of these considerations overlap with the
considerations relevant in the context of a bail application pending appeal
(see _Public Prosecutor v Adith s/o Sarvotham_ [2014] 3 SLR 649 at [29]).

45 In my judgment, the appropriate course in the entire context of this case
was to direct that the order granting bail be revoked. The relevant
circumstances on the facts of this case included the following:

(a) The offences committed by the respondent under s 477A of the Penal Code
were non-bailable (see [29] above).

(b) The respondent had few if any roots in Singapore and his family members
were not within the jurisdiction.

(c) The respondent was less than candid in relation to the transfer of
$500,000 out of his bank account in the proceedings below (see [31] above).

(d) In the absence of explanation or evidence to the contrary, it appeared
that the respondent would have the means to live comfortably if he did
abscond.

(e) There was evidence that the respondent, despite the existence of Mareva
injunctions issued against him in other proceedings, had been able to meet
other expenses. This suggested that the respondent had other sources of funds.
According to the first affidavit of the investigating officer, when the
respondent was asked where he had obtained the monies for his expenses, he
replied that he had borrowed from his relatives but was unwilling to disclose
any more information.

(f) According to the first affidavit of the investigating officer, the
respondent admitted that he had created fictitious receipts to show that
payments had been made to his company, Young Music & Dance Studio Pte Ltd.
This admission pointed towards the respondent’s deceptiveness which was
relevant in assessing the likelihood of his absconding.

(g) Mr Wee suggested at the hearing before me that the respondent if convicted
of the s 477A charges might face a sentence of a “few months to a few years of
imprisonment”. It was therefore clear that these were charges that were not
inconsequential in nature.

(h) The hearing before me was fixed on an urgent basis and the respondent had
only been in remand for a relatively short period of about ten days when the
present application was heard. In addition, the Prosecution indicated that it
intended to abide by the direction of the State Courts to complete its work so
that the matter could proceed on 4 December 2014. Therefore, there was in my
view little risk of the respondent being kept in remand for an unreasonable
period of time.

46 In all these circumstances, I did not consider it realistic to set bail at
a level and on terms that would ensure that the respondent would not flee and
that would also ensure that the sureties would be putting their own assets at
risk. I therefore granted the application and directed that the order granting
bail made below by the District Judge be revoked.

Conclusion

47 I conclude with one final observation. My order in the present case does
not on any basis suggest that a foreign accused person without roots in
Singapore must be denied bail. The decision whether to grant bail is one that
is made by reference to the particular facts of each case. In my judgment, in
the circumstances presented in this case, it was not appropriate at this time
to grant bail to the respondent.

* * *

[note: 1]Notes of Evidence DAC-923802-2014 & OTHERS, 06/11/2014 at p 7.

[note: 2]Notes of Evidence DAC-923802-2014 & OTHERS, 06/11/2014 at p 6.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 08 Jan 2015 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

