Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Humpuss Sea Transport Pte Ltd (in compulsory liquidation) _v_ PT Humpuss
Intermoda Transportasi TBK and another  
[2015] SGHC 144

Case Number| :| Suit No 896 of 2014 (Summons No 5543 of 2014)  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 29 May 2015  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Steven Chong J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Chan Ming Onn David, Probin Stephan Dass, Tan Aik Thong,
and Chan Junhao, Justin (Shook Lin & Bok LLP) for the plaintiff; Sushil
Sukumaran Nair, Hing Shan Shan Blossom, Raymond Lam Kuo Wei, and Allen Lye Xin
Ren (Drew & Napier LLC) for the defendants.  
Parties| :|  Humpuss Sea Transport Pte Ltd (in compulsory liquidation) — PT
Humpuss Intermoda Transportasi TBK and another  
  
29 May 2015| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Steven Chong J:

Introduction

1 Almost 30 years ago, Chan Sek Keong JC (as he then was), delivered a
decision in _Ong & Co Pte Ltd v Chow YL Carl_ [1987] SLR(R) 281 (“ _Ong &
Co_”) in which he held that “the service of the notice of the writ by means of
a court process server employed by a solicitors’ firm in Kuala Lumpur was not
an authorised method of service under the 1970 Rules [_ie_ , the Rules of the
Supreme Court 1970 (S 274/1970) (“the 1970 Rules”)].” In so finding, Chan JC
observed that the “service of a writ is an exercise of judicial power” and
that “the judicial power of one State cannot be extended or exercised in
another independent State except with the consent of that State.” He went on
to rule that service of the notice of the writ could only be validly carried
out either through the government of that country or through the Singapore
consular authority in that country under O 11 r 6(2) and, additionally in the
case of Malaysia or Brunei, through the judicial authority in the area where
the defendant is resident under O 11 r 5(8). Any other mode of service would
not be in compliance with the 1970 Rules and was hence a nullity which could
not be cured.

2 The decision in _Ong & Co_ created practical difficulties in the service of
process on defendants out of jurisdiction. This led a young lawyer, Sundaresh
Menon, to pen a bold critique of _Ong & Co_ which was published in the
Singapore Academy of Law Journal (see Sundaresh Menon, “ _Effecting Service of
Process Out of the Jurisdiction_ ” (1990) 2 SAcLJ 111 (“ _Ong & Co case
note_”)). He raised a number of interesting points which were not specifically
argued in _Ong & Co_. In particular, he stressed that although it was
“undoubtedly correct” that the service of a writ is an exercise of judicial
power, an important distinction should have been drawn between a writ which is
a command to the defendant and a _notice of a writ_ which is simply a
notification to the defendant that an action had been commenced against him.
In _Ong & Co_, as only the notice of the writ was served and not the writ
itself, the sovereignty concerns highlighted by Chan JC were not engaged. The
author expressed the hope that the High Court would revisit its decision
should an opportunity arise in light of arguments and authorities which were
not raised in that case.

3 In 1991, about a year after the publication of the article, a number of
amendments were introduced to the 1970 Rules. Two should be singled out for
brief mention. First, O 11 r 6(2)(c) (now O 11 r 4(2)(c) of the Rules of Court
(Cap 332, R 5, 2014 Rev Ed)) (“2014 Rules” or simply “our Rules”) was
introduced to provide that service of process may also be effected by a method
of service authorised by the law of that country for service of any
originating process issued by that country. Therefore, the same manner of
service effected in _Ong & Co_ would be valid under the post-1991 amendments
given that it was common ground in that case that service _via_ the agency of
foreign solicitors was permitted by the rules of procedure applicable in
Malaysia. Second, our form of writ (which until 1991 was issued as a command
in the name of the President of Singapore) was amended to delete the reference
to the President and restructured as a notification to the defendant of the
commencement of an action against him instead of being framed as a command.
Thereafter, the writ itself, and not just the notice of the writ, would be
served out of jurisdiction.

4 The amendments to O 11 did not specifically address the correctness of the
court’s nullity finding in _Ong & Co_. It was, however, questioned recently in
two High Court decisions. In _ITC Global Holdings Pte Ltd (in Liquidation) v
ITC Ltd and others_ [2011] SGHC 150 (“ _ITC 2011_ ”), Lee Seiu Kin J observed
that “the currency of this view has diminished over time” and consequently
_Ong & Co_ is “no longer authoritative” for the point that improper service
out of jurisdiction is a nullity. He held that improper service would
constitute a mere irregularity which is capable of cure. This view was
endorsed in _SRS Commerce Ltd and another v Yuji Imabeppu and others_ [2015] 1
SLR 1 (“ _SRS Commerce_ ”).

5 Despite the development of the law in this area over the last 30 years, O 11
continues to vex lawyers. The central question in this application is this:
how many methods of service does O 11 of our Rules provide for? Even this
deceptively simple question has given rise to a fundamental disagreement over
the basic structure of the statutory scheme. The plaintiff argued that O 11
provided for _six_ methods of service, which may be found in rr 3 and 4. By
contrast, the defendant contended that there were only _three_ methods of
service, which may be found exclusively in r 4(2). In order to determine the
dispute before me, I believe a closer examination of the legislative history
of O 11 is essential. I begin first with the facts.

Facts

6 The plaintiff and the defendants are part of the “Humpuss” group of
companies whose business interests range from shipping services to asset
management.[note: 1] The plaintiff was incorporated in Singapore and it owns
several oil products tankers in addition to being the majority shareholder in
a number of marine companies.[note: 2] On 20 January 2012, the plaintiff was
ordered to be placed in compulsory liquidation.[note: 3] Both defendants were
incorporated in Indonesia.

7 On 18 August 2014, the plaintiff, through the liquidator, commenced Suit No
896 of 2014 against the first and second defendants, seeking repayment of
$110m in loans owed and a declaration that several transactions entered into
between the plaintiff and the second defendant in 2009 be set aside for being
transactions at an undervalue.[note: 4] On 18 September 2014, the plaintiff
obtained leave to serve its writ of summons and statement of claim on the
defendants at their registered address in Indonesia.[note: 5]

8 On 2 October 2014, Kristian Takasdo, a Junior Associate with Budijaja &
Associates, a firm of solicitors practising in the Republic of Indonesia,
effected service of the original as well as translated copies of (a) the writ
of summons; (b) the statement of claim; and (c) the order of court granting
leave to effect service out of jurisdiction (collectively, “the Court
Documents”).[note: 6] Mr Takasdo effected service on both defendants by (a)
personally serving the Court Documents at the respective defendants’
registered addresses;[note: 7] and (b) by arranging for copies of the same to
be sent to them by way of courier service.[note: 8] The defendants do not
dispute that they have received the Court Documents.[note: 9]

9 On 23 October 2014, M/s Drew & Napier LLC entered an appearance on behalf of
both defendants.[note: 10] On 6 November 2014, the defendants filed Summons No
5543 of 2014, seeking a declaration that the Court Documents had not been duly
served on them.[note: 11]

The parties’ arguments

10 I will first set out the relevant provisions of O 11 rr 3 and 4 for ease of
reference:

**Service of originating process abroad: Alternative modes (O. 11, r. 3)**

3.—(1) Subject to paragraphs (2) to (8), Order 10, Rule 1 and Order 62, Rule 5
shall apply in relation to the service of an originating process out of
Singapore.

(2) Nothing in this Rule or in any order or direction of the Court made by
virtue of it shall authorise or require the doing of anything in a country in
which service is to be effected which is contrary to the law of that country.

(3) An originating process which is to be served out of Singapore need not be
served personally on the person required to be served so long as it is served
on him in accordance with the law of the country in which service is effected.

…

**Service of originating process abroad through foreign governments, judicial
authorities and Singapore consuls or by other method of service (O. 11, r.
4)**

…

(2) Where in accordance with these Rules an originating process is to be
served on a defendant in any country with respect to which there does not
subsist a Civil Procedure Convention providing for service in that country of
process of the High Court, the originating process may be served —

(a) through the government of that country, where that government is willing
to effect service;

(b) through a Singapore consular authority in that country, except where
service through such an authority is contrary to the law of that country; or

(c) by a method of service authorised by the law of that country for service
of any originating process issued by that country.

The defendants’ arguments

11 Ms Hing, counsel for the defendants, submitted that because Indonesia is
not a country with which Singapore has a Civil Procedure Convention, the only
acceptable methods for service of the Court Documents were those stipulated in
r 4(2).[note: 12] In support, she relied on the decision in _Ong & Co_ and
argued that “strict compliance” with r 4(2) was required.[note: 13] She
submitted that the plaintiff had failed to show that the service in the
present case complied with r 4(2). For a start, it was clear that service had
not been effected either through the Indonesian government or _via_ the
Singapore consular authority. This left only service under r 4(2)(_c_): _ie_ ,
service by a method of service authorised by the law of Indonesia for the
service of originating process issued by Indonesia.[note: 14] She argued that
the service effected in the present case could not be justified under r
4(2)(_c_) because service through a private agent was not a method of service
authorised for the service of _any_ originating process by Indonesia.[note:
15] She contended that the plaintiff’s argument — that service of foreign
process by private agent was authorised by Indonesian customary law — should
be rejected because it was unsupported by authority.[note: 16]

12 Ms Hing also argued that the service was contrary to Indonesian law for two
reasons.

(a) First, she submitted that, since 2013, foreign parties seeking to serve an
originating process in Indonesia could _only_ do so through the agency of the
Indonesian Ministry of Foreign Affairs (“MFA”), which would work in tandem
with the Indonesian Supreme Court to effect service.[note: 17] She argued that
this was stipulated by the Memorandum of Understanding between the Indonesian
Supreme Court and the Indonesian Ministry of Foreign Affairs dated 19 February
2013 (No 162/PAN/KH.001II/2013, No NKIH1I01/022013/58) (“the MOU”), which
governed the service of foreign process in Indonesia.[note: 18] She argued
that service, not having been effected by the Indonesian MFA, was therefore
contrary to Indonesian law.

(b) Second, she submitted that the Het Herziene Indonesisch Reglement
(S.1848-16) (Indonesia) (“the Revised Indonesian Rules” or “HIR”) and the
Reglement op de Rechtsvordering (S.1847-52; 1849-63 – as subsequently amended)
(Indonesia) (“The Rules on Procedure” or “Rv”) governed the service of process
in Indonesia and they provided that the service of _any_ originating process
(domestic or foreign) in Indonesia _must_ be effected by the court bailiff and
could not be done by private agents.[note: 19]

13 Finally, Ms Hing submitted that a failure to comply with the mandatory
provisions in r 4(2) rendered the service a nullity which could not be cured
by the exercise of this court’s discretion under O 2 r 1 of our Rules. In
support of this proposition, she cited two cases: _Ong & Co_ and _ITC Global
Holdings Pte Ltd (under judicial management) v ITC Limited and Others_ [2007]
SGHC 127 (“ _ITC 2007_ ”). She contended that the later decision of this court
in _ITC 2011_ , insofar as it stood for the proposition that such defects in
service were curable, was wrong and should not be followed.

The plaintiff’s arguments

14 Mr Chan, counsel for the plaintiff, submitted that the Court Documents were
served in accordance with a method provided for in our Rules. He argued that
our Rules provided for _six_ (and not _three_ , as contended by the
defendants) valid methods of service in the present case: (a) personal
service; (b) substituted service; (c) service in accordance with a manner
prescribed by the law of Indonesia; (d) service through the Indonesian
Government; (e) service through the Singapore consular authority; and (f)
service by a method authorised by Indonesia for the service of originating
process issued by Indonesia.[note: 20] From that premise, Mr Chan submitted
that the method of service employed in this case could be justified on the
basis of at least two methods of service provided for under our Rules.[note:
21]

(a) First, he argued that service through a private agent was a manner of
service _specifically_ permitted under Indonesian customary law for the
service of _foreign_ process.

(b) Second, and in the alternative, he argued that the service through a
private agent was an authorised method of service for Indonesian _domestic_
process since Art 390(1) of the HIR only required that the process be
“delivered to the persons concerned”, which was done in the instant case.

15 Furthermore, Mr Chan argued that the service of process in this case was
not contrary to Indonesian law. He first submitted that the MOU did not have
the force of law and that, even if it did, it merely provided _an additional,
rather than the exclusive_ method for the service of foreign process in
Indonesia.[note: 22] Mr Chan also submitted that the HIR only governed the
service of _domestic_ process in Indonesia and therefore did not require that
service of _foreign_ process be effected through the court bailiff.[note: 23]

16 In the course of the hearing before me, however, Mr Chan made two critical
concessions. First, he conceded that based on the materials placed before the
court, he was unable to prove that Indonesian customary law specifically
authorised the service of _foreign_ process by way of private agent.[note: 24]
Second, he conceded that the service of _domestic_ process in Indonesia must
be effected by the court bailiff, as provided for under Arts 388 and 390 of
the HIR and that service in the present case did not fall under any of the
methods provided for under O 11 r 4(2) of our Rules.[note: 25] The effect of
these two concessions is that Mr Chan is unable to justify the method of
service employed in this case by _either_ of the two methods he initially
identified in his written submissions (see [14] above). Under Mr Chan’s
construction of our Rules, there was one additional route of service
available: personal service in a manner not contrary to Indonesian law.

17 However, he did not specifically pursue this line of argument during the
oral hearing and instead proceeded on the basis that even if the service were
irregular, this court nonetheless had the power under O 2 r (1) to cure the
irregularity.[note: 26] He cited _ITC 2011_ as authority for this proposition
and argued that the court should exercise its discretion in the plaintiff’s
favour because (a) the defendants were fully apprised of the nature of the
proceedings; and (b) the plaintiff had done its best to effect service validly
as it had relied on the advice of Indonesian counsel in serving the writ by
the present method.

The issues

18 Based on the parties’ submissions, three issues arise for determination:

(a) First, was service effected in a manner provided for under our Rules?

(b) Second, was service, even though effected in a manner provided for under
our Rules, nevertheless invalid because it was contrary to the law of
Indonesia?

(c) Third, if the service were invalid, can and should it be cured by this
court?

Was the service effected by a method provided for in our Rules?

19 In _Ong & Co_, the plaintiffs obtained leave to serve a notice of a writ on
the defendant in Kuala Lumpur and duly did so by effecting personal service
through a process server employed by a firm of solicitors practising in Kuala
Lumpur. Subsequently, the defendant applied to set aside the service on the
basis that service could not be effected by a private agent. The plaintiffs
disagreed and argued that O 11 r 5(1) of the 1970 Rules (which is _in pari
materia_ with O 11 r 3(1) of the 2014 Rules) permitted them to effect service
by serving the writ personally on the defendant through the agency of a firm
of Malaysian solicitors.

20 Chan JC agreed with the defendant. He reasoned that the service of a writ
was an exercise of judicial power which could not be exercised in the
territorial limits of another state except with its express consent. Thus, he
concluded that service may only be effected through official channels, which
would not impinge on the sovereignty of Malaysia. This meant that service had
to take place either under O 11 r 5(8) (_ie_ , service _via_ the appropriate
judicial officer of the Malaysian courts) or under O 11 r 6(2) (_ie_ , service
through the Malaysian Government or through the Singapore consular authority).
He concluded at [9],

Against this background, it is therefore plain that the expression “may” as
used in O 11 rr 5(8) and 6(2) connotes permission and not discretion. Without
these rules, service of process outside the jurisdiction would not be
possible.

21 The pivotal issue which will dispose of this application is this: are the
methods of service (following _Ong & Co_) confined only to the three methods
prescribed under O 11 r 4(2) of our Rules? It is important to understand the
critical significance of this point. Mr Chan had already conceded that the
method of service in this case does not fall under r 4(2) (see [16] above).
Thus, if Ms Hing (relying on _Ong & Co_) is right and the _only_ permissible
methods of service are contained in r 4(2), then the service in this case is
clearly invalid. If, however, Mr Chan is right and there are in fact _six_
methods of service then the service employed in this case is _prima facie_
valid because it is not disputed that the writs had been personally served on
the defendants (see [8] above).

22 Even though Mr Chan did not cite any specific authority for his reading of
our Rules or address me on _Ong & Co_ directly, he drew my attention to a
number of cases in which the courts had permitted the service of process by a
method _not_ provided for under r 4(2) (see [54]–[56] below). It is therefore
necessary for me, in light of this apparent conflict of authority, to resolve
this issue (see _Attorney-General v Shadrake Alan_ [2011] 2 SLR 445 at
[2]–[5]). Given the importance of this issue — not just to the disposal of the
instant case but also to the practice of litigation in Singapore — I will
endeavour to deal with this matter comprehensively, beginning first with the
provenance of our Rules before moving on to revisit the decision in _Ong & Co_
and ending with the subsequent treatment of this subject by the courts post
_Ong & Co_.

The evolution of rules 3 and 4

23 The history of O 11 is a microcosm of the development of civil justice in
Singapore. The jurisdiction of the courts over foreign defendants is not a
creature of the common law, but of statute. It traces its origins to the
Courts Ordinance of 1868 (Ordinance No V of 1868) (“Courts Ordinance 1868”),
the first courts ordinance to be passed in the Straits Settlements. Section 23
of the Courts Ordinance 1868 provided that the “Court shall have such
jurisdiction and authority as the Court of Queen’s Bench and the Justices
thereof, and also as the Court of Chancery and the Courts of Common Pleas and
Exchequer respectively”. By this time, the Court of Chancery (see _Re
Busfield_ (1886) 32 Ch D 123) and the common law courts (see _Lenders v
Anderson_ (1883–1884) 12 QBD 50) of England had already been statutorily
conferred jurisdiction over foreign defendants in limited cases.

24 However, there were no specific rules to govern the manner in which service
may be effected until the passage of the Civil Procedure Ordinance 1878
(Ordinance No V of 1878), s 66 of which specified that “any order giving leave
to effect such service [out of jurisdiction] shall prescribe the mode of
service.”

The origin of rule 3

25 In 1907, this position was refined with the passage of the Civil Procedure
Code of 1907 (Ordinance No XXXI of 1907) (“CPC 1907”), ss 108 and 109 of which
stated,

108\. When the defendant is neither a British subject, nor in the British
dominions, nor in any of the Federated Malay States, _notice of the writ and
not the writ itself is to be served upon him. Notice in lieu of service is to
be given in the manner in which writs of summons are served_.

109\. If the defendant resides in any of the Federated Malay States, _the writ
of summons may be sent to the Registrar or an Assistant Registrar of the
Supreme Court of the Federated Malay States, by post or otherwise, for the
purpose of being served upon the defendant_ , and, if the writ of summons be
returned with the indorsement of service thereon as hereinbefore prescribed,
and with an affidavit of such service purporting to have been made before the
Registrar or an Assistant Registrar, such writ of summons shall be deemed to
have been duly served.

[emphasis added]

26 The CPC 1907 wrought two important changes which still exist in our Rules
today. The first was the creation of a distinction between service within the
Federated Malay States (“FMS”), the State of Johore, and the State of Brunei
(collectively “British Malaya and Brunei”) and service out of it. In British
Malaya and Brunei, the writ itself would be served; outside of it, only the
notice of the writ would be served. The reason for this is historical. At that
time, the FMS and the State of Johore (which was part of the Unfederated Malay
States) were part of British Malaya and under British control (see _The
Cambridge History of Southeast Asia Vol 2_ (Nicholas Tarling ed) (Cambridge
University Press, 1992) (“ _Cambridge History of SEA_ ”) at pp 28–34, 97). The
State of Brunei had, since the Treaty of Protection of 1888, been a British
Protectorate (see _Cambridge History of SEA_ at p 62). Thus, these three
territories were effectively under the control of the British sovereign. This
is an important point because the writ issued at that time was structured as a
command from the British sovereign so care was taken to ensure that the courts
would not issue edicts in the name of the British sovereign to persons lying
outside his dominion.

27 The second change was that s 108 of the CPC 1907 specified that the notice
of the writ would be “given in the manner in which writs of summons are
served”. Since s 89 specified that all originating processes had to be served
personally, the effect of s 108 was that notice of the writ must likewise be
served _personally_. There were two exceptions: (a) if substituted service
were ordered (see s 92); or (b) if service were effected through the Registrar
of the Supreme Court of the FMS (see s 109). However, there was one
complication. Section 105(2) stated that the court granting leave for service
outside of jurisdiction “shall direct in what mode service is to be effected.”
This section, which was a reproduction of s 66 of the Civil Procedure
Ordinance 1878, gave rise to a potential for conflict because a court _could_
, when granting leave for service out of jurisdiction, potentially specify a
mode of service other than personal service, substituted service, or service
effected through the Registrar.

28 This problem was remedied with the passage of the Civil Procedure Rules of
the Supreme Court 1934 (S 2941/1934) (“CPR 1934”). Order XI r 1 of the CPR
1934, which governed the grant of leave for service out of jurisdiction, no
longer gave the court the liberty to specify the method by which service may
be effected. Following this change, it was clear that service both within and
outside jurisdiction had, unless an order for substituted service was made or
the writ was served through the Registrar, to be carried out _personally_.

The origin of rule 4

29 The CPR 1934 was modelled on the English Rules of the Supreme Court 1883
(SI 1883 No 5009) (UK) (“UK RSC 1883”) (see Jeffrey Pinsler SC, _Civil Justice
in Singapore_ (Butterworths Asia, 2000) (“ _Civil Justice in Singapore_ ”) at
p 10). English law also drew a distinction between the service of the writ
itself and the service of the notice of the writ (which would be served on
non-British subjects outside the British Dominions) (see O XI r 6 of the UK
RSC 1883). Further, it also specified that the notice of the writ had to be
given in the same manner in which writs were served (_ie_ , by personal
service: see O XI r 7 of the UK RSC 1883).

(1) The UK Rules of the Supreme Court 1903 and 1965

30 In 1903, the English Order XI was amended when the Rules of the Supreme
Court, July 1903 (UK) (“UK RSC 1903”) were published. Most notably, rr 7 and 8
read,

7\. Where leave is given under Rules 1 and 6 of this Order to serve notice of
a writ of summons out of the jurisdiction, _such notice shall, subject to Rule
8 of this Order, be served in the manner in which writs of summons are
served._

8\. Where leave is given to serve notice of a writ of summons in any foreign
country to which this Rule may by order of the Lord Chancellor from time to
time be applied, the following procedure _shall_ be adopted: —

(1) The notice to be served shall be sealed with the seal of the Supreme Court
for use out of the Jurisdiction, and shall be transmitted to His Majesty’s
Principal Secretary of State for Foreign Affairs by the President of the
Division, together with a copy thereof translated into the language of the
country in which service is to be effected, and with a request for the further
transmission of the same to the Government of the country in which leave to
serve notice of the writ has been given. …

[emphasis added]

31 Under the UK RSC 1903, personal service was still the default method of
service of process out of jurisdiction (O XI r 7). The only exception was
cases falling within the ambit of r 8 — service of process on defendants
residing in countries specified by the Lord Chancellor — in which service had
to be effected through the government of the country in question. Under O XI r
8(3) of the UK RSC 1903, service would be deemed to have been duly effected if
there is official certification that the notice has either (a) been personally
served; or (b) been duly served upon the defendant “in accordance with the law
of such foreign country”.

32 The English O XI remained largely unchanged until the passage of the Rules
of the Supreme Court (Revision) 1962 (SI 1962 No 2145) (UK), which enacted
comprehensive reforms. The relevant provisions of the new English Order 11 rr
5 and 6 (now numbered with Hindu-Arabic numerals instead of Roman numerals)
were later incorporated into the Rules of the Supreme Court 1965 (SI 1965 No
1776) (UK) (“UK RSC 1965”) with minor amendments. The relevant provisions of
the UK RSC 1965 now read:

5.—(1) Subject to the following provisions of this Rule, _Order 10, Rule 1,
and Order 67, Rule 4, shall apply in relation to the service of a writ, or
notice of a writ, notwithstanding that the writ or notice is to be served out
of the jurisdiction_.

…

(3) A writ, or notice of a writ, which is to be served out of the
jurisdiction—

(a) _need not be served personally on the person required to be served so long
as it is served on him in accordance with the law of the country in which
service is effected_ ; and

(b) **need not be served by the plaintiff or his agent if it is served by a
method provided for by Rule 6 or Rule 7**.

…

6.—(3): Where in accordance with these Rules notice of a writ is to be served
on a defendant in any country with respect to which there does not subsist a
Civil Procedure Convention providing for service in that country of process of
the High Court, _the notice may be served_ —

(a) through the government of that country, where that government is willing
to effect service; or

(b) through a British consular authority in that country, except where service
through such an authority is contrary to the law of that country.

[emphasis added in italics; added emphasis in bold]

33 Under the UK RSC 1965, private service — either personal or substituted —
was still the default method of serving writs or notices of writs out of
jurisdiction. This is clear from O 11 r 5(1), which stated that “Order 10,
Rule 1 [personal service], and Order 67, Rule 4 [substituted service], shall
apply in relation to the service of a writ, or notice of a writ,
notwithstanding that the writ or notice is to be served out of the
jurisdiction.” The new English O 11 r 6, which was a successor to the old O XI
r 8 of the UK RSC 1903, was now expressly facilitative: it no longer
_mandated_ that service be effected through official channels but merely
provided that it “may” be done in that manner. This view is in line with the
commentary of Jack I H Jacob _et al_ , The _Annual Practice 1966_ vol 1 (Sweet
& Maxwell, 1965) at p 118 that the English O 11 r 6 “ _does not exclude any
other method_ [_ie_ , personal or substituted service under O 11 r 5(1)] which
may be available.”

(2) The 1970 Singapore Rules

34 The provisions of the UK RSC 1965 were imported into Singapore with minimal
substantive change in the Rules of the Supreme Court 1970 (S 274/1970) (“1970
Rules”) (see _Civil Justice in Singapore_ at p 10). The relevant provisions of
O 11 of the 1970 Rules read,

5.—(1) Subject to the following provisions of this Rule, Order 10, Rule 1, and
Order 62, Rule 5, shall apply in relation to the service of a **_notice of a
writ_** notwithstanding that the notice is to be served out of the
jurisdiction.

(2) Nothing in this Rule or in any order or direction of the Court made by
virtue of it shall authorise or require the doing of anything in a country in
which service is to be effected which is contrary to the law of that country.

(3) A **_notice of a writ_** _which is to be served out of jurisdiction need
not be served personally on the person required to be served so long as it is
served on him in accordance with the law of the country in which service is
effected_.

…

(8) _Where the defendant is in Malaysia or Brunei, the notice of a writ_
**_may_** _be sent by post or otherwise by the Registrar to the Magistrate,
Registrar, or other appropriate officer of any Court exercising civil
jurisdiction_ in the area in which the person to be served is said to be or to
be carrying on business for service on the defendant, and if it is _returned
with an indorsement of service and with an affidavit of such service, it_**
_shall_** _be deemed to have been duly served_.

…

6.—(2) Where in accordance with these Rules notice of a writ is to be served
on a defendant in any country with respect to which there does not subsist a
Civil Procedure Convention providing for service in that country of a process
of the High Court, the notice may be served —

(a) through the Government of that country, where that Government is willing
to effect service; or

(b) through a Singapore consular authority in that country, except where
service through such an authority is contrary to the law of that country.

[emphasis added in italics; added emphasis in bold]

35 Order 11 rr 5 and 6 of the 1970 Rules were almost identical with their
equivalents in the UK RSC 1965 save for two differences. The first was that
special provision continued to be made for service in Malaysia and Brunei. The
second was that the 1970 Rules did not contain the equivalent of the English O
11 r 5(3)(_b_), which specified that the notice of the writ “ _need not be
served by the plaintiff or his agent if it is served by a method provided for
in rule 6 or rule 7_ ”. However, in my view, that omission was not material as
the English O 11 r 5(3)(_b_), was inserted _ex abundanti cautela_. If service
were effected through the Government of that country or a Singapore Consular
Authority (as specifically provided for in O 11 r 6(2) of our 1970 Rules)
then, as a corollary, it must follow that service need not be effected by the
plaintiff or his agent.

The decision in Ong & Co and the 1991 Amendment Rules

36 That remained the position until _Ong & Co_ effectively outlawed the
private service of process overseas (see [20] above). It appeared that this
decision sent ripples throughout the Bar, seeing as how the preferred practice
of many local practitioners was to effect the service of process overseas
through the agency of a firm of solicitors in the jurisdiction in question
(see _Ong & Co case note_ at p 111).

37 The Rules of the Supreme Court (Amendment No 2) Rules 1991 (S 281/1991)
(“1991 Amendment Rules”) was introduced specifically to deal with the
difficulties created by _Ong & Co_. It made three important changes to O 11 of
the RSC 1970, all of which still exist in our Rules today.

(a) First, it provided for a new method of service on defendants in non-Civil
Procedure Convention countries. This took the form of a new O 11 r 6(2)(c) of
the 1970 Rules (now r 4(2)(c)) which provided that writs may be served “by a
method of service authorised by the law of that country for service of any
originating process issued in that country.”

(b) Second, it amended the existing r 5(8) to make it explicit that where the
defendant is in Malaysia or Brunei, the notice of a writ “may be served in
accordance with Rule 6.”

(c) Third, it amended the marginal note to O 11 r 5(1) from “[s]ervice of
notice of writ abroad: General” to “[s]ervice of notice of writ abroad:
Alternative modes”.

38 Of the amendments, the most significant is the introduction of O 11 r
6(2)(_c_) (now r 4(2)(_c_), which is how I shall refer to it), which appears
to have been intended to “undo” the outcome of _Ong & Co_. Rule 4(2)(_c_)
permits service in a manner which is authorised by the law of the foreign
country “for service of any originating process _issued in that country_ [_ie_
, domestic process]” [emphasis added]. As a clarification, r 4(2)(_c_) does
not refer to the law of the foreign jurisdiction with respect to the service
of _foreign_ process, which appears to be the interpretation adopted in _SRS
Commerce_ , where the court examined the service of the Singapore writ in
Japan with reference to Japanese law for the service of foreign process (see
Benny Tan, “ _Curing Non-Compliance with Foreign Laws in the Context of
Service Out of Jurisdiction_ ” (2015) 27 SAcLJ 91 (“ _Curing Non-Compliance_
”) at paras 19–21). Instead, the purport of r 4(2)(_c_) is “do as the Romans
do”: whatever is permitted by the law of the foreign jurisdiction for the
service of _their domestic process_ will also be held, under our Rules, to be
an acceptable method of service for Singapore process in that jurisdiction
(see _Fortune Hong Kong Trading Ltd v Cosco Feoso (Singapore) Pte Ltd_ [2000]
1 SLR(R) 962 (“ _Fortune_ ”) at [32]). Following the introduction of r
4(2)(_c_), the same method of service effected in _Ong & Co_ would be valid
since, under O 10 of the Rules of the High Court 1980 (PU(A) 50/1980)
(Malaysia) (“Malaysian RHC 1980”), a Malaysian originating processes could be
served through private agents.

The 1991 re-enactment until present day

39 The Rules of the Supreme Court (Amendment No 3) Rules 1991 (S 532/1991)
(“the 1991 re-enactment”) repealed and re-enacted O 11. At this point, O 11 rr
5 and 6 of the 1970 Rules were re-numbered rr 3 and 4 respectively, which is
how they appear today. The only substantive change of note was the amendment
to the form of the writ (now drafted in the form of a notification and not a
command) and the consequential amendments arising therefrom (see [3] above).
Following this change, the _actual writ_ would be served out of jurisdiction
and all references to the service of the notice of the writ were removed. The
change in the content of the writ, which paralleled a similar change that took
place in England in 1981, was instituted to simplify proceedings by making it
compatible with international comity for the _writ itself_ to be served (see
_Fortune_ at [30]). Following this, O 11 rr 3 and 4 have existed in their
present form, largely unchanged, to the present day.

Revisiting Ong & Co

40 The key authority relied on by the defendant is _Ong & Co_, a decision with
which I have some difficulty reconciling with the 1970 Rules. For a start, it
is clear from the discussion in the preceding section that _Ong & Co_ runs
against the grain of legislative history of O 11. Service had _always_ been
permitted to be effected through private means (either personal or substituted
service) before the 1970 Rules were introduced: see, _eg_ , _M. N. Mootoo
Rahman Chetty V. M. A. R. Mootoo Rahman Chetty_ [1927] SSLR 13; _In the Matter
of the Estate of Choo Eng Choon, Deceased; Tan Siok Yang & Ors v Choo Ang
Chee_ [1934] 1 MLJ 182 (“ _Choo Eng Choon_ ”). There is no reason to believe
that the 1970 Rules changed this position. As the development of the
equivalent rules in England shows (see [30]–[33] above), it had always been
contemplated — even after the introduction of r 6(2) — that the _default_
position would be personal service through private means. Service through
official channels was meant to supplement, but not supplant, private service.

41 Furthermore, it seems to me that _Ong & Co_ would alter the structure of
the Rules. As pointed out in the _Ong & Co case note_, Chan JC’s reading would
render O 11 rr 5(1)–(4) (now r 3(1)–(4)) otiose since there would be no need
to specify that the provisions governing personal and substituted service
would continue to apply to service of process out of jurisdiction if the only
acceptable methods of service were those stipulated in O 11 r 6 (now r 4) (see
_Ong & Co case note_ at pp 120–121). In _Ferrarini SpA and others v Magnol
Shipping Co Inc_ (The “Sky One”) [1988] 1 Lloyd’s Rep 238 (“ _The Sky One_ ”)
at 240–241, Staughton J (as he then was), in commenting on O 11 rr 5 and 6 of
the UK RSC 1965, wrote,

It is common ground that _the methods of service provided in that sub-rule_ [O
11 r 6(3) of the UK RSC 1965, which is almost identical to O 11 r 6(2) of the
RSC 1970] _are not exclusive_. _Service may be effected by private means
rather than through the Master’s Secretary’s Department, the Foreign and
Commonwealth Office and diplomatic channels_ , provided always that nothing is
done in the country where service is to be effected which is contrary to the
law of the country. So the question is whether service by private means in
Switzerland is contrary to the law of Switzerland. [emphasis added]

I find Staughton J’s interpretation of the overseas service regime under the
UK RSC 1965 to be equally applicable to a construction of our Rules.

42 In that connection, the Malaysian decision in _Ma Boon Lan v UOB Kay Hian
Pte Ltd (previously known as Kay Hian Pte Ltd) and another appeal_ [2013] 4
MLJ 848 is instructive. There, the plaintiff had been granted leave to serve a
Malaysian writ on a defendant in Singapore and duly did so through a process
server engaged by a firm of Singapore solicitors. At first instance, the
judicial commissioner set the service aside as being irregular on the basis
that O 11 r 5(8) of the Malaysian RHC 1980 (which is, in substance, _in pari
materia_ with O 11 r 3(8) of our Rules) provided for the exclusive means
through which service in Singapore may be effected. In allowing the appeal,
Azahar Mohamed JCA, delivering the judgment of the Malaysian Court of Appeal,
held at [11],

It is to be noted that the words ‘may’ and ‘shall’ occur in the same
provision. The two words are used in contradistinction to each other. Since
the words occur in the same provision, they should be given their natural
meaning. For this reason, in our judgment the word ‘may’ where it appears in
O11 r 5(8) of the RHC must be taken in its natural sense, that is, permissive
sense and not mandatory or obligatory sense. There is no valid reason for
giving ‘may’ a mandatory meaning as argued by learned counsel for the
defendant. In our view, in the context of the present case, it merely gives
the plaintiff an option to serve should he so desire, the notice of writ of
summons to be served out of jurisdiction and the writ of summons together with
the statement of claim to the defendant in the mode as stated in the
provision.

I find the reasoning of the Malaysian Court of Appeal persuasive and I would
go further to add that the reasoning is equally applicable to the methods of
service provided for under O 11 r 4(2) of our Rules. The use of the word “may”
in r 4(2) in contradistinction to the use of the mandatory “must” in rr 4(3)
and (4) is a strong indication that the provisions on service _via_ official
channels found in rr 4(1) and (2) are not intended to be mandatory.

The sovereignty argument

43 The central premise underpinning the decision in _Ong & Co_ is that the
service of the notice of a writ is an exercise of judicial power. The relevant
paragraphs of _Ong & Co_ read,

6 … _The service of a writ is an exercise in judicial power._ The judicial
power of a State can only be exercised within the territorial limits of the
State over which the courts have jurisdiction. …

7 In other words, the judicial power of one State cannot be extended or
exercised in another independent State except with the consent of that State.
The reason is that it encroaches upon the sovereign rights of the other State.
As was said by Lord Denning in _Afro Continental Nigeria Ltd v Meridian
Shipping Co SA (The Vrontados)_ [1982] 2 Lloyd’s Rep 241 at 245:

[S]ervice of a writ _out_ of the jurisdiction is an exercise of sovereignty
within the country in which service is effected. It can only be done with the
consent of that country. That is why our rules provide for service through the
judicial authorities of that country: or through a British Consular authority
in that country, see RSC, O 11 rr 5(5) and (6).

…

10 Accordingly, the service of the notice of the writ by means of a court
process server employed by a solicitors’ firm in Kuala Lumpur was not an
authorised method of service under the 1970 Rules.

44 With respect, there appears to be a disconnect in the reasoning. Chan JC
begins by stating that the service of a _writ_ is an exercise of judicial
power and goes on to conclude that, for reasons of sovereignty, the service of
the _notice of the writ_ in Malaysia outside of official channels was
unauthorised. The conflation of the service of the _writ_ and the service of
the _notice of the writ_ is problematic. As pointed in the _Ong & Co case
note_ at pp 114­–115, the difference between the two is crucial.

45 Under the CPC 1907 and the CPR 1934, the writ itself would be served on
defendants in British Malaya and Brunei. However, this was no longer
appropriate after the end of colonial rule. Thus, O 11 r 5 of the 1970 Rules
provided that the _notice_ of the writ (which was not structured as a command
from the President of Singapore), and not the writ itself, would be served out
of the jurisdiction. For this reason, I agree with the observation in the _Ong
& Co case note_ at p 117 that the “service of a _notice of a writ_ out of the
jurisdiction [as was done in _Ong & Co_] does not constitute an exercise of
the judicial power of a state outside its territorial limits.”

46 This position has now been definitively put to rest following the passage
of the 1991 re-enactment, which amended the form of the writ (see [39] above).
In _Fortune_ , the Court of Appeal explained the changes in the following
fashion (at [30]):

… In 1991, very substantial amendments were made to our Rules of Supreme Court
1970, and the amendments came into force on 1 February 1992. One of the
amendments made was to the form of the writ. It was amended along a similar
line as in England in 1981, and the notice of the writ for issue and service
abroad was dispensed with. _Our writ in the present form is no longer
structured in the form of a command to the defendant and does not contain any
reference to the President of the Republic of Singapore and is not tested or
witnessed by the Chief Justice. In its present form, the writ is more of a
notification to the defendant that an action has been commenced_ against him
in the court in Singapore than a command to him issued by the court. It seems
to us that this change in the content of the writ has made it “compatible with
international comity to allow service out of jurisdiction” of the writ: (_per_
the commentary at para 6/1/1C of the 1982 edition of _The Supreme Court
Practice). In its present form, the writ has lost its meaning of a judicial
order, and it can hardly be contended that the service of our writ abroad
would interfere with or encroach upon the sovereignty of the country in which
the writ is served_. [emphasis added]

47 It is clear that the issue of the encroachment on the sovereignty of
another state is no longer an issue (in my view it never was, given that only
the notice of the writ was ever served). With that being the case, I do not
see any sound policy reason why Singapore litigants should be _mandatorily_
required to go through the cumbersome process of engaging the official
channels of service. This point was also eloquently made in _Fortune_ at [34],
where it was stated:

… In this regard, it is important not to lose sight of the purpose of service
of process, whether it be a foreign or local process. Essentially, it is to
notify the defendant of the proceedings that have been commenced against him,
and in our view, a more pertinent consideration is whether the method of
service employed by the plaintiff is sufficient to bring to the attention of
the defendant such proceedings and not whether the service is effected through
the official means.

While those remarks were made in the context of service of _foreign process
within_ Singapore, the same logic, in my view, applies to the service of
_Singapore process out_ of jurisdiction. After all, the paramount concern is
that the litigants must have notice of each other’s claims. As long as this
can be achieved in a manner which does not impinge on the law of a foreign
country (which would be proscribed under r 3(2)), it does not matter whether
it is effected through official or private means.

The 1991 Amendment Rules

48 I am further fortified in my conclusion upon my examination of the 1991
Amendment Rules. First, it is notable that the Rules Committee amended the
marginal note to O 11 r 5(1) of the 1970 Rules. In its original form, it read,
“ _Service of notice of writ abroad: General_ ”. However, the expression
“general” was amended to read “alternative modes”, which is how it remains
today. It seems to me that this change was underscored by a desire to
reinforce the point that O 11 rr 5 and 6 of the 1970 Rules provided
complementary and alternative means through which service may be effected and
to dispel any notion that service was confined only to the official channels.

49 Second, I find the introduction of O 11 r 5(8)(_a_) to the 1970 Rules to be
highly significant. It will be recalled that the primary purpose of r
6(2)(_c_) was to undo the decision in _Ong & Co_ (see [38] above). At first
blush, r 5(8)(_a_) appears to be superfluous because _Ong & Co_ already held
that service may only be effected in Malaysia _via_ r 5(8) or r 6(2), of which
r 6(2)(_c_) was now a part. It would seem that r 6(2)(_c_) would have been
applicable even without r 5(8)(_a_). In order to understand why the
introduction of r 5(8)(_a_) was vital, it is important to set out [8] of _Ong
& Co_ in full:

The relevant rules in O 11 of the 1970 Rules differ slightly from the English
O 11 but provision is made in r 6(2) for service: (a) through the government
of that country where that government is willing to effect service; or (b)
through a Singapore consular authority in that country, except where service
through such an authority is contrary to the law of that country. Order 11 r
5(8) in fact sets out the agreements of two foreign governments, _viz_
Malaysia and Brunei to allow Singapore parties to effect service of process in
the manner set out therein. I do not think it is an alternative mode of
service outside the jurisdiction. …

50 The _ratio_ of _Ong & Co_ was that the service of a Singapore writ in
Malaysia _may only be effected through official channels_ set out in r 5(8)
and r 6(2) because it was the only way it could be done without impinging on
the sovereignty of Malaysia. In the case of r 5(8), it was because “r 5(8) in
fact sets out the agreements of two foreign governments, _viz_ Malaysia and
Brunei to allow Singapore parties to effect service of process in the manner
set out therein”; in the case of r 6(2), it was because service would either
take place through the foreign government (obviating any concerns of
sovereignty) or through the Singapore consular authority (which was enjoined
to do _only if_ it would not be contrary to the law of Malaysia). In other
words, applying _Ong & Co_, a plaintiff would be precluded from serving
process in Malaysia under r 6(2)(_c_) since it contemplated service through
private means.

51 This is where r 5(8)(_a_) comes in. It was intended to clarify that, _Ong &
Co_ notwithstanding, r 6(2)(_c_) would apply in cases of service on defendants
in Malaysia. The purpose behind the introduction of r 5(8)(_a_) _in
conjunction with_ r 6(2)(_c_) is unmistakeable: it was meant to permit the
service of process in Malaysia through _private_ means. In essence, the 1991
Amendment Rules subtly negated the impact of _Ong & Co_ without explicitly
saying so.

52 In _Curing Non-Compliance_ at 100, Mr Benny Tan argued that the Rules
Committee had intended to preserve _Ong & Co_’s reading of O 11 rr 5 and 6 of
the 1970 Rules (_ie_ , that the official routes of service provided for in r 6
are mandatory). He argued that if the Rules Committee had disagreed with _Ong
& Co_, it would have replaced the word “may” in rr 5(8) and 6(2) with another
expression that made it clear that the official channels of service are
discretionary, instead of mandatory.

53 With respect, I do not agree. First, I have already explained why, in my
view, the changes wrought by the 1991 Amendment Rules clearly demonstrate that
the Rules Committee were cognisant of the difficulties caused by the decision
in _Ong & Co_ and desired to address it without effecting a wholesale revision
of the Rules (see [49]–[51]). Second, if _Ong & Co_ were to be followed, rr
5(1)–(3) would effectively be rendered redundant (see [41] above). If the
Rules Committee agreed with _Ong & Co_, it would not make sense to amend r
5(8) but still retain r 5(1), which contained the provisions on personal and
substituted service.

Post-Ong & Co cases

54 Finally, a review of the cases decided over the past 15 years supports the
conclusion that Singapore permits the service of process through private
means. This exercise is necessary to illustrate the point that service of
Singapore process overseas is not, contrary to the defendants’ submissions,
confined to the three methods prescribed under O 11 r 4(2) of our Rules. By
the same token, it would also show that _Ong & Co_ — insofar as it stands for
the proposition that r 4(2) is exhaustive of the methods of service — is not
good law today.

55 In _Petroval SA v Stainby Overseas Ltd and others_ [2008] 3 SLR(R) 856 (“
_Petroval_ ”), Tay Yong Kwang J upheld an order granting leave for substituted
service to be effected on three defendants who were resident in Switzerland,
by way of service on their lawyers in the British Virgin Islands (“BVI”). In
doing so, Tay J explicitly relied on O 11 r 3(1) of the Rules of Court (Cap
332, R5, 2006 Rev Ed) (“2006 Rules”) and held that this court could grant an
order for substituted service (see _Petroval_ at [26]).

56 In _Astro Nusantara International BV and others v PT Ayunda Prima Mitra and
others_ [2013] 1 SLR 636 (“ _Astro_ ”), the plaintiffs were litigants in an
international arbitration in whose favour five awards had been rendered. They
sought to enforce their awards under O 69A r 6(1) of the 2006 Rules and were
granted leave to effect service out of jurisdiction. The plaintiffs attempted
to effect service of the enforcement orders by engaging Indonesian solicitors
to deliver the documents to the second defendant’s office in Indonesia.
Belinda Ang Saw Ean J, after reviewing the expert testimony, arrived at the
conclusion that, under Indonesian law, the service of _domestic_ court process
had to be done by the bailiff of an Indonesian court. However, Ang J held that
this did not apply to the service of _foreign_ process. Thus, she concluded,
the service of _foreign_ court documents may be effected _via_ Indonesian
solicitors by leaving copies of the same at the registered address of the
party sought to be served. Given her earlier finding that this was not an
authorised mode of service of _domestic_ process under Indonesian law, it must
follow that the service could not have come within O 11 r 4(2)(_c_) of the
2006 Rules. Thus, it is clear that Ang J had decided the case on the basis
that personal service through a private agent was an acceptable mode of
serving Singapore process on defendants in Indonesia (although, on the facts,
Ang J held that service had not been successfully effected: see [82] below).

57 In both these cases, the method of service was held to be valid even though
the service was not one of the methods prescribed under r 4(2). It is
therefore implicit from these cases that the methods of service are not
limited to r 4(2). Instead, personal service and substituted service continue
to be permissible methods through which service of process overseas may be
effected. This is in line with the following observation by Andrew Ang J in
_Consistel Pte Ltd and another v Farooq Nasir and another_ [2009] 3 SLR(R) 665
at [28]:

The regime of service out of jurisdiction, as provided for in Singapore under
O 11 of the ROC, was eventually introduced to deal with the situation where
the defendant had left the jurisdiction before the writ was issued. Even so,
service out of jurisdiction was not intended to derogate from the general
requirement for personal service. …

…

Hence, O 11 of the ROC was meant to supplement s 16(1)(_a_)(ii) of the SCJA
and not to detract from the primary requirement of personal service. Personal
service should, generally, still be applied to cases where the defendant was
not in Singapore.

[emphasis added]

How many methods of service are there?

58 In my judgment, it is clear that O 11 rr 3 and 4 of our Rules provide
alternative and complementary methods of effecting service out of
jurisdiction. I now return to my original question: how many ways of serving a
writ outside of jurisdiction are recognised by our Rules? The answer depends
on whether the defendant resides in (a) Malaysia and Brunei (seven methods);
(b) a Civil Procedure Convention country (five methods); or (c) a non-Civil
Procedure Convention country (six methods). I will first identify the four
methods of service which are common to all before turning to the methods which
are unique to each grouping.

59 The four common methods of service which are available irrespective of
where the defendant resides are:

(a) Personal service, as long as it does not contravene the law of the foreign
jurisdiction (r 3(1) r/w r 3(2)).

(b) Substituted service with leave of court provided it does not contravene
the law of the foreign jurisdiction (r 3(1) r/w r 3(2)).

(c) Service by a method _specifically authorised_ by the law of the foreign
jurisdiction for the service of _foreign process_ (r 3(3)) (see [108] below).

(d) Service through a Singapore consular authority, as long as it does not
contravene the law of the foreign jurisdiction (r 4(1)(_b_) and r 4(2)(_b_)).

60 If the defendant resides in Malaysia or Brunei, there are three additional
methods which are applicable, resulting in a total of _seven_ available
methods of service:

(a) Service through the government of Malaysia or Brunei (r 3(8)(_a_) r/w r
4(2)(_a_)).

(b) Service by a method recognised in either Malaysia or Brunei for the
service of _domestic process_ issued by the Malaysian and Bruneian courts,
provided such service is not contrary to Malaysian or Bruneian law (r
3(8)(_a_) r/w r 4(2)(_c_)).

(c) By post from the Registrar of the Singapore court to the judicial officer
exercising civil jurisdiction in the territory in which the defendant resides
(r 3(8)(_b_)).

61 If the defendant resides in a country with which Singapore has a Civil
Procedure Convention, one additional method is available, making for a total
of _five_ methods of service:

(a) Service through the judicial authorities of the foreign jurisdiction (r
4(1)(_a_)).

62 If the defendant resides in a country with which Singapore does _not_ have
a Civil Procedure Convention, two additional methods are available, adding up
to a total of _six_ available methods of service:

(a) Service through the government of the foreign jurisdiction (r 4(2)(_a_)).

(b) Service by a method recognised by the law of the foreign jurisdiction for
the service of _domestic process_ issued by the courts of that country,
provided such service is not contrary to the law of that country (r
4(2)(_c_)).

Was the service contrary to Indonesian law?

63 Given my finding at [58] above that r 4(2) does not stipulate the
exhaustive methods of service, it is clear that the method of service employed
in this case is permitted under our Rules since it is undisputed that the
Court Documents were in fact served _personally_ on the defendants (see [8]
above). Thus, the next issue is whether the service was contrary to the law of
Indonesia. Ms Hing has two strings in her bow (see [12] above). She first
submitted that the MOU mandated that the service of foreign process in
Indonesia be effected through the Indonesian MFA. Second, she submitted that,
under the HIR, the service of _all_ process, domestic and foreign, _must_ be
effected through a court bailiff. I will examine each argument in turn.

The MOU

64 In my judgment, the MOU does not render the present service invalid for two
reasons. First, I accept Mr Chan’s submission that the MOU is facilitative and
not mandatory. Article 6 of the MOU, which governs requests for judicial
assistance from foreign courts, reads,[note: 27]

**Handling of Request for Judicial Assistance for Service of Process from a
Foreign Court**

**Article 6**

(1) The Ministry of Foreign Affairs via its diplomatic channels received a
request for judicial assistance for service of process from a foreign court to
Indonesian citizen and/or legal entity domiciled in Indonesia.

(2) The Ministry of Foreign Affairs shall deliver the request for judicial
assistance for service of process as referred to in paragraph (2) to the
Supreme Court for follow-ups.

65 There is nothing in the MOU which states that this is the _exclusive_ and
_mandatory_ method through which _all_ foreign process in Indonesia must be
served. Instead, the MOU merely provides a mechanism through which a foreign
party _may_ arrange to have a writ served through an Indonesian court bailiff.
It appears that this is a view shared by the Indonesian MFA in their press
release accompanying the conclusion of the MOU (dated 19 February 2013):[note:
28]

Therefore… this MOU became a _breakthrough in technical procedure_ between the
MOFA and the Supreme Court in which _one of the important points was to follow
up by formulating a Supreme Court Regulation_ concerning the procedure of
letters of rogatory … [emphasis added]

66 Second, I also find that, in any event, the MOU is not law. When they
appeared before me, both Ms Hing and Mr Chan agreed that the MOU was not
statutory law. They agreed that it was, at best, a guideline which allowed
foreign parties to validly engage the services of the Indonesian court bailiff
to effect service within the jurisdiction of Indonesia.[note: 29] This must be
correct. A cursory glance at the MOU is sufficient to show that it does not
(and was never intended to) be a law of general application. Just three
examples will suffice: (a) Art 2(1) of the MOU states that it is a “joint
coordination guideline”; (b) Art 10(1) states that the MOU will last for a
period of five years; and (c) Art 10(3) states that the MOU is terminable (at
will) by either party so long as three months’ notice is provided. It is clear
that the MOU only governs the relationship between the Indonesian MFA and the
Indonesian Supreme Court _inter se_.[note: 30] It neither affects the legal
rights of third parties nor does it purport to do so.

67 Therefore, even if the MOU purported to provide for an exclusive means
through which foreign process must be served, non-compliance with its terms
would not render the present service invalid under r 3(2). The language of r
3(2) is clear: it prohibits an act which is “contrary to the _law_ of that
country”. It does not apply to procedural guidelines like the MOU. In _BNP
Paribas (formerly known as Banque National De Paris) v Polynesia Timber
Services Pte Ltd and another_ [2002] 1 SLR(R) 539, the defendant argued that
service was invalid because the plaintiff had not complied with Practice Note
No 1 of 1968 of the Malaysian High Court (“the Malaysian PD”) before
attempting substituted service on the defendant in Malaysia. After reviewing
the expert evidence, Lai Siu Chu J held that the Malaysian PD did not have the
force of law in Malaysia so non-compliance with its terms did not
automatically render the service invalid. By parity of reasoning, non-
compliance with the MOU, which is not law, would not in itself invalidate the
service effected in this case.

The HIR and Rv

68 I first set out the relevant provisions of Indonesian law. Articles 388(1)
and 390(1) of the HIR read,[note: 31]

388.(1) All bailiffs, messengers on duty at the court tribunal, and general
affairs officers are entitled and obligated to perform summons, notices and
any other bailiff letters and to carry out the judge’s orders and ruling.

…

390.(1) Every bailiff letter, unless those are mentioned below, shall be
delivered to the people concerned at their domicile or address, and if they
may not be found there, to the village Head or its assistant, who has to
immediately notify to the people of such bailiff letter, but it is not
necessary to be stated by law.

69 Art 1 of the Rv reads, [note: 32]

Every civil proceeding, so long as no specific exceptional, commences by
notice of lawsuit performed by an authorized bailiff at the location of the
notice, shall inform the derivative of such notice letter to the defendant or
sending it to the defendant’s domicile or address.

70 On the face of it, neither the HIR nor the Rv pertain to the service of
foreign process. This must be right given that it is common ground between the
two Indonesian law experts that there is no express statutory law which
governs the service of foreign process in Indonesia.[note: 33] I pause to note
that there is some disagreement over whether the Rv continues to apply in
Indonesia today. However, given the fact that the parties agree that neither
the HIR nor the Rv govern the service of foreign process, I need not decide
this point.

71 Ms Hing submitted that “[i]n the absence of any express statute on service
of foreign process, the method of service of originating process authorised by
Indonesia is therefore what is stated in the HIR … ie service must be effected
through a Baliff [sic] and not by Private Service Method.”[note: 34] However,
she has not drawn my attention to any authorities in support of this
proposition. In making this argument, she purported to rely on the expert
testimony of Dr Winarta, who averred,

_All service of court proceedings (whether foreign or local) on Indonesian
entities in Indonesia must be carried out by the court bailiff_. Any purported
service of foreign or local court proceedings on Indonesian entities in
Indonesia by private service methods described in Budijaja’s Report is wrong
and invalid regardless of whether the receiving party objects to such methods
of service. [emphasis added][note: 35]

72 With respect, Dr Winarta’s proposition that the requirement for the service
to be carried out by the Indonesian court bailiff applies mandatorily to
_foreign_ process cannot be right since Dr Winarta himself accepts that “there
are _no laws which govern the service of foreign originating processes_ on
Indonesian individuals or legal entities in Indonesia” [emphasis added]. Dr
Winarta attempted to bridge this “gap” by asserting that “ _[a]lthough [the
MOU] is not law_ under Indonesian legislation, _the Supreme Court and the MOFA
will rely on [the MOU]_ in relation to the service of foreign originating
processes on individuals or legal entities in Indonesia” [emphasis added].
However, the fact remains that the MOU is not law (see [66] above) and hence
cannot mandate that the service of foreign process be carried out by the
Indonesian court bailiff. In this connection, I note that, in _Astro_ , Ang J
also had to consider Arts 388 and 390 of the HIR and she found at [53] that,

… In particular, I was _persuaded by Mr Prahasto’s explanation as to why Arts
388 and 390 of the Herziene Indonesisch Reglement (S.1848-16) (Indonesia)
(“the HIR”), which provide that service of documents must be done by the
Bailiff of the South Jakarta District Court, is limited to documents issued by
Indonesian courts._ Given the parochial references in the HIR to service “on
the village head” or the “head of the Chinese people”, it seemed unlikely that
the HIR was intended to apply to foreign court documents. In the light of the
above, I accept Mr Prahasto’s evidence that under Indonesian law, _service of
foreign court documents may be effected by a lawyer from an Indonesian firm
leaving copies of the same at the registered address of the party sought to be
served_. [emphasis added]

In my judgment, the defendants have not successfully demonstrated that the
method of service employed in this case is contrary to Indonesian law so the
service is valid.

Would any irregularity have been curable?

73 Given my finding that the service in this case is valid, it is not strictly
necessary for me to examine the third issue _ie_ , whether _any_ non-
compliance with rr 3 and 4 would be curable under O 2 r 1(1) of our Rules.
However, given that the parties have made extensive submissions on this point,
I shall go on to express my views. Order 2 r 1(1) and (2) provide as follows:

(1) Where, in beginning or purporting to begin any proceedings or at any stage
in the course of or in connection with any proceedings there has, by reason of
anything done or left undone, been a _failure to comply with the requirements
of these Rules_ , whether in respect of time, place, manner, form or content
or in any other respect, the failure shall be treated as an irregularity and
shall not nullify the proceedings, any step taken in the proceedings, or any
document, judgment or order therein.

(2) Subject to paragraph (3), the Court may, on the ground that there has been
such a failure as is mentioned in paragraph (1), and on such terms as to costs
or otherwise as it thinks just, set aside either wholly or in part the
proceedings in which the failure occurred, any step taken in those proceedings
or any document, judgment or order therein or exercise its powers under these
Rules to allow such amendments (if any) to be made and to make such order (if
any) dealing with the proceedings generally as it thinks fit.

[emphasis added]

74 On this issue, as on the first, we begin with the decision in _Ong & Co_.
Having found that the service effected by the plaintiff was invalid (see [20]
above), the court then went on to hold at [11] that it was not curable:

The next submission of counsel for the plaintiffs is that if the service was
wrong it was merely an irregularity which can be amended under O 2 r 2 of the
1970 Rules on the ground that the defendant, having been actually served with
the notice of the writ and entered appearance, has not suffered any prejudice.
There is no substance in this argument. _By effecting service of the notice of
the writ without complying with r 5(8) or r 6(2) of O 11, the plaintiffs have
in fact disregarded the legal basis upon which the judicial power in Singapore
may be exercised in Malaysia. That must render the purported service a
nullity_. [emphasis added]

75 The use of the expression “nullity” is somewhat unfortunate since it harks
back to the old position which existed before the 1970 Rules, where a
distinction was drawn between irregularities (which were curable) and
nullities (which were not) (see _Civil Justice in Singapore_ at pp 452–456).
However, even under the new O 2, there are categories of failures to comply
with the statutory requirements which are so egregious and so fundamental that
the courts have regularly held them to be too serious to cure (see _Singapore
Civil Procedure 2015_ vol 1 (G P Selvam gen ed) (Sweet & Maxwell, 2015) (“
_Singapore Civil Procedure_ ”) at para 2/1/1). In my view, perhaps what the
court meant in _Ong & Co_ was that to effect service in a manner not provided
for in our Rules was a breach so serious that it _ought not to_ , rather than
_cannot_ be cured.

76 In _ITC 2011_ , Lee J held, at [38], that “ _Ong & Co_ is no longer
authoritative … not all errors arising in the process of service out of
jurisdiction would render the purported service a nullity. Rather they would
constitute a mere irregularity and the Singapore courts do have jurisdiction
to cure such irregularities under O 2 r 1(2) of [the 2006 Rules].” While I
agree that “not all errors” of overseas service are incapable of cure, the
question remains: what sorts of irregularities should be cured and what should
not? Having reviewed the authorities, I have observed that cases involving
irregularities in the service of process out of jurisdiction may be divided
into three broad categories.

(a) Cases where service was held to be invalid because the attempted service
was unsuccessful in bringing notice of the claim to the defendant (“Category
A”).

(b) Cases where service was held to be invalid because the method of service
employed — though successful in bringing notice of the claim to the defendant
— was contrary to the law of the foreign jurisdiction (“Category B”).

(c) Cases where service was invalid because the method of service employed —
though successful in bringing notice of the claim to the defendant and not
contrary to the law of the foreign jurisdiction — had nevertheless failed to
comply with a procedural requirement provided for in our Rules (“Category C”).

77 In my view, cases falling within Categories A and B are not curable whereas
cases falling within Category C are curable if it would be just for the court
to do so.

Category A cases

78 The essence of service is the notification to the defendant of the claims
made against him (see _Fortune_ at [34]). In my view, if the attempt at
service was ineffective in drawing the defendant’s attention to the claims
against him then it is simply a non-starter — _no service was effected_ so
there is nothing that can be “cured”.

79 In _Golden Ocean Assurance Ltd and World Mariner Shipping S A v Christopher
Julian Martin and others_ [1990] 2 Lloyd’s Rep 215 (“ _the Goldean Mariner_
”), the plaintiffs were the insurers of a fleet of vessels (which included the
Goldean Mariner) the risk of which was underwritten by the defendants. While
on a voyage to Japan, the Goldean Mariner suffered a serious casualty and
required repairs which were eventually quantified at $1.5m. The plaintiffs
sought to claim this sum from the defendants and obtained leave from the
English courts to serve its writs out of jurisdiction. A number of the
defendants applied to set the writs aside on the basis that they had been
invalidly served. The defendants who filed the applications fell into two
groups: (a) the 10th defendant, which was not served the writ itself but
merely an acknowledgement of service; and (b) the 9th, 12th, and 15th–18th
defendants, which were each served a copy of a writ which (though proper in
all other respects) was wrongly addressed (for example, the 9thdefendant
received the writ addressed to the 17thdefendant).

80 For present purposes, I will focus on the service on the 10thdefendant. The
majority of the English Court of Appeal (Lord Justice McCowan and Sir John
Megaw) held that the service to the 10th defendant was an irregularity that
fell within the ambit of O 2 r 1 of the UK RSC 1965 (which is _in pari
materia_ with O 2 r 1 of our Rules). McCowan LJ analysed this as a case where
there was “plainly an attempt to take a step in the proceedings but a failure
to comply with a requirement of these rules as to _what_ should be served”
[emphasis added]. They also exercised their discretion to cure the
irregularity on the basis that the 10thdefendant had suffered no prejudice
since it knew of the plaintiffs’ suit and had filed an appearance. Lord
Justice Lloyd, dissenting, agreed with the decision of the judge below that
the failure to serve the writ was an omission so serious that it fell outside
the ambit of O 2 r 1 and was thus incapable of cure. At 219 of _The Goldean
Mariner_ , Lloyd LJ explained,

It [the service on the 10th defendant] is _more accurately described as doing
nothing. It is no better than serving a blank piece of paper_ , or a writ in
some proceedings in which the person served is not even named as a defendant.
The service of the form of acknowledgement cannot make up for the absence of
the writ. [emphasis added]

81 Lloyd LJ’s reasoning is compelling. The acknowledgement of service served
on the 10th defendant only contained the title of the proceedings and the
names of the defendants – there was no indication either of the subject matter
of the claim or the time limited for appearance. It was as if nothing had been
served at all. Although the jurisdiction of this court under O 2 r 1 is
extremely wide, there are nonetheless limits. It extends to all acts performed
“in beginning or purporting to begin any proceeding… [in which] there has, by
reason of anything done or left undone, been a _failure to comply with the
requirement of these rules_ ” [emphasis added]. However, I am of the view that
an attempt at service which fails to notify the defendant of the claims
against him is not a “failure to comply with the requirement of these rules”
so much as it is a complete non-starter.

82 That said, the question of whether an attempt can be characterised as non-
service is a question of fact. The inquiry is whether the defendant was
notified of the claims brought against him _and_ of the appropriate legal
steps he needs to take to defend the claim. In _Astro_ (see [56] above), the
plaintiff’s Indonesian solicitor attempted to effect service by leaving the
documents at the defendant’s registered address. As the bundles were
voluminous, the solicitor made two trips. In the first, he left a sealed
envelope containing the enforcement orders at the mailing room. In the second
(which took place about 90 minutes later), he attempted to deliver a box
containing translated copies of all the affidavits connected with the suit. On
this occasion, the solicitor was turned away and also asked to take away the
sealed envelope (which was unopened) containing the enforcement orders. Ang J
found that, on the facts, the defendant had no notice of the subject matter of
the enforcement orders or — more crucially — of the defendant’s right to apply
to set aside the enforcement order by making the appropriate application to
the Singapore court within 21 days.

83 By contrast, the 9th, 12th, and 15th–18th defendants in _The Goldean
Mariner_ were each served a copy of the writ, albeit wrongly addressed (see
[79] above). In these circumstances I would agree with the Court of Appeal
(including Lloyd LJ, who agreed with the majority on this point) that the
irregularity in service was one which fell _within_ the scope of O 2 r 1 of
the UK RSC 1965: the defendants each knew of the subject matter of the claim
against them, of the time limited for appearance and of the forum in which the
case was to be heard. The irregularity was thus of a technical nature.

84 I am conscious that my analysis of “Category A” cases treads perilously
close to the position which existed before the passage of the 1970 Rules (_ie_
, the distinction between irregularities and nullities). Yet, it seems to me
that the law must recognise that there are situations which fall outside the
ambit of the Rules and are thus incapable of cure. In the context of service,
this certainly occurs where the _sine qua non_ of service — the notification
to the defendant of the subject matter of the claim — has not been achieved.
However, even if I were wrong about this falling outside the ambit of O 2, I
am still of the view that cases belonging in this category disclose such an
error “so fundamental or serious that the court ought not to exercise its
discretion under [O 2] r 1 to remedy it” (see _Kuah Kok Kim v Chong Lee Leong
Seng Co (Pte) Ltd_ [1991] 1 SLR(R) 795 at [21]).

Category B cases

85 This category concerns cases where service has been found to be contrary to
the law of the foreign jurisdiction and are therefore invalid under O 11 r
3(2). In my view, cases in this category are incapable of cure.

86 As a clarification, there is an important, but sometimes overlooked,
distinction between service in a manner _not specifically provided for_ by
foreign law and service which is positively _contrary to_ foreign law. The
former does not fall within the ambit of r 3(2) at all. The fact that service
has been effected in a manner not _specifically provided for_ by foreign law
does not, _per se_ , make the attempt at service invalid. Thus, there is
nothing which needs to be cured. In many cases, such as the present, the
foreign jurisdiction does not make specific provisions on how foreign process
may be served. In such situations, plaintiffs may avail themselves of the
other methods of service set out at [58]–[62] above even though service
effected through r 3(3) (_via_ a route specifically provided for the service
of foreign process by the law of the jurisdiction) is unavailable. The latter
— service which is positively contrary to foreign law — is proscribed by r
3(2). Cases of this sort fall into two groups: (a) cases where the foreign
jurisdiction has provided for a _mandatory_ method of service of foreign
process but the plaintiff did not adopt this method of service and employed
another instead (_eg_ , in Japan, service of foreign process _must_ be
effected by the Japanese courts: see _SRS Commerce_); and (b) cases where the
method of service employed by the plaintiff was _specifically outlawed_ by the
foreign jurisdiction (_eg_ , service of foreign process by way of private
agent is illegal in Switzerland: see _Petroval_).

87 In my view, the mandatory and imperative nature of r 3(2) excludes the
possibility of cure. This is so for two reasons. The first is textual. The
language of r 3(2) is categorical: “[n]othing in this Rule _or in any order or
direction of the Court made by virtue of it_ shall authorise or require the
doing of anything … contrary to the law of that country” [emphasis added]. Any
order providing for the retrospective validation of service would therefore be
caught by this provision. I agree with Prof Pinsler (see Jeffrey Pinsler SC,
_Singapore Court Practice 2014_ vol I (LexisNexis, 2014) at p 52) when he
writes that there are provisions which are framed in such directory terms that
a failure to comply with them may not be cured under O 2 r 1. Furthermore, by
application of the legal maxim, _generalibus specialia derogant_ (the more
specific law takes precedence over the more general — see Oliver Jones,
_Bennion on Statutory Interpretation_ (LexisNexis, 6th Ed, 2013) at pp
1038–1040), the specific proscription in r 3(2) should be applied in
preference to the general power of cure provided for in O 2 r 1. The second
reason is based on international comity. If our court were to cure an
irregularity occasioned by a breach of foreign law, then it would be
implicitly giving its assent to the breach. Such an act would represent a
patent disregard for the law of the foreign state. International comity is a
principle of signal importance (see _Q & M Enterprises Sdn Bhd v Poh Kiat_
[2005] 4 SLR(R) 494 at [25] and [44]) and it demands that our courts not give
its sanction to an attempt at service which _expressly breaches_ the law of
the foreign jurisdiction (see _Basil Shiblaq v Kahraman Sadikoglu_ [2004] EWHC
1890 (Comm) at [41]).

88 The case of _Abela and others v Baadarani and another_ [2013] 1 WLR 2043,
although decided in a different statutory context, is instructive. Under r
6.15(2) of the English Civil Procedure Rules 1998 (SI 1998 No 3132) (UK) (“r
6.15(2)”), the English courts have the power to order that “steps already
taken to bring the claim form to the attention of the defendant by an
alternative method or at an alternative place is good service”,
notwithstanding the fact that the steps taken did not adhere to a method of
service specifically provided for under the English Civil Procedure Rules
1998. Although we have no direct parallel in our Rules, the use of r 6.15(2)
to retrospectively validate the service effected is functionally equivalent to
curing an irregularity in service _via_ an exercise of the court’s powers
under O 2 of our Rules. The facts need not concern us. What is interesting is
the construction that the UK Supreme Court placed on r 6.15(2). At [24] of his
judgment, Lord Clarke of Stone-cum-Ebony JSC (with whom the rest of the court
agreed) held that the one bar to the exercise of the court’s power under r
6.15(2) is the restriction in r 6.40(4), which reads, “[nothing] in any court
order authorises or requires any person to do anything which is contrary to
the law of the country where the claim form or other document is to be
served.” In other words, the UKSC recognised that the court’s general curative
power under r 6.15(2) was constrained by the mandatory proscription contained
in r 6.40(4). In a similar vein, I would also hold that the general curative
power of our court — conferred by virtue of O 2 r 1 of our Rules — is also
constrained by the express restriction contained in O 11 r 3(2).

89 In _ITC 2011_ (cited by Mr Chan), the plaintiff served the Singapore-issued
writs out of jurisdiction on the first to third defendants (respectively, a
company, ITC, and two of its directors, both of whom were resident in India).
The plaintiffs effected service on all defendants through the agency of the
Indian courts, which despatched a process server to deliver the documents to
ITC’s corporate secretarial department. The court found that Indian law
specified that if a defendant were a natural person, process had to be served
either personally or, failing that, it had to be served on the defendant’s
authorised agent. However, service had only been effected on ITC, which was
not an authorised agent of the second and third defendants. Thus, service was
invalid. Nevertheless, the court went on to cure the irregularity. In doing
so, it relied principally on two English decisions: _The Goldean Mariner_ and
_Phillips and another v Symes and others (No 3_) [2008] 1 WLR 180 (“
_Phillips_ ”). Similarly, in _SRS Commerce_ , the plaintiff effected service
of a Singapore writ on the defendants (who were resident in Japan) through
registered post. The court held that the service was improper because Japanese
law _required_ the service of overseas process to be effected through the
Japanese Ministry of Foreign Affairs. Nevertheless, the court, relying on _ITC
2011_ , exercised his discretion to cure the irregularity.

90 The difficulty with the decision in _ITC 2011_ , as pointed out by Prof
Pinsler in Jeffrey Pinsler SC, _Principles of Civil Procedure_ (Academy
Publishing, 2013) at para 05.036, is that neither _The Goldean Mariner_ nor
_Phillips_ involved service which was contrary to foreign law. In _The Goldean
Mariner_ , the irregularities consisted of the failure to serve the writ (in
respect of the 10th defendant) or the service of the writs to the wrong
addressees (in respect of the rest of the defendants): see [79] above. In
_Phillips_ , the plaintiff obtained leave to serve an English originating
process on a defendant in Switzerland. Unfortunately, due to several
administrative errors, the original English claim form was mistakenly removed
from the package of documents which were eventually handed over to the
defendant (although a translated copy in German was included). This was a
breach of r 7.5 of the English Civil Procedure Rules 1998, which specified
that the claim form itself (_ie_ , the original claim form in English) had to
be served on the defendant. Neither _The Goldean Mariner_ nor _Phillips_ dealt
with the curing of invalid service which had been _explicitly found to be
contrary_ to the law of the foreign jurisdiction.

91 I am of the view that permitting such irregularities to be cured may
encourage litigants to serve writs in a manner which ignores the law of the
jurisdiction in question (out of convenience or expediency) in the hope that
the service may be retrospectively validated by our courts. This cannot be
countenanced. For my part, I would hold that Category B cases are incapable of
cure.

Category C cases

92 The final cluster of cases concerns situations where the service has
violated a provision of our Rules. The significant difference between Category
B and Category C cases is that the latter do not engage concerns over
international comity nor do they violate the specific proscription contained
in r 3(2). Thus, in deciding whether irregularities ought to be cured, the
court should look at the issue in the round and make the order which best does
justice in all the circumstances of the case (see _Principles of Civil
Procedure_ at para 01.040). In exercising its discretion, the court should
consider, _inter alia_ , (a) the blameworthiness of the respective parties;
(b) whether the plaintiff had made a good faith effort to comply with the
rules; (c) whether the defendant would be prejudiced if the court’s discretion
were exercised in the plaintiff’s favour; and (d) the reasons which caused the
non-compliance (see _Singapore Civil Procedure_ at para 2/1/2).

93 In _Phillips_ , the defect consisted of a failure to serve the original
copy of the writ. However, this was not the plaintiff’s fault. The foreign
process section of the High Court of England had erroneously stamped the
original English claim form with the words “Not for service out of
jurisdiction” and it was this error which led the Swiss courts to remove the
claim form from the package of documents which was handed over to the
defendant. However, the defendant knew _exactly_ what the claim was about. She
had been served with a translated copy of the claim form (and the particulars
of claim — _ie_ , the statement of claim, which contained more details than
the claim form itself) in German. It was notable that the defendant had,
immediately upon receipt of the documents, commenced parallel proceedings in
Zurich in the hope that she could steal a march on the plaintiff by obtaining
a stay of the English proceedings under the Lugano Convention on Jurisdiction
and the Enforcement of Judgments in Civil and Commercial Matters, 16 September
1988, 1659 UNTS 13. In the circumstances, I would have found this case — as
Lord Brown of Eaton-Under-Heywood did — to be a compelling call on the
exercise of the court’s discretion.

94 Another example of a defect which is capable of cure is the case of _Choo
Eng Choon_ (see [40] above). In that case, the plaintiffs obtained an order
for service of a notice of a writ out of jurisdiction. In granting the order,
the judge specified that appearance was to be entered within one month of
service. The defendant later applied to set aside the service of the notice of
the writ on two grounds: first, because the writ erroneously stated that
appearance was to be entered within one month of the date of the writ instead
of one month from the date of service as ordered; and second, it was not the
original writ that was served, but a copy (contravening s 90 of the CPC 1907).
There was no application to cure the irregularity but it was a case which, in
my view, was fit for cure since the non-compliance involved a technical breach
of our Rules (and not any provisions of foreign law on service) which
occasioned little, if any, prejudice on the defendant.

95 I would only add that in deciding whether to cure the invalid service, it
cannot be sufficient to show that the defendant now knows of the Singapore
proceedings. If this were the case, then all irregularities would be cured as
a matter of course since the mere fact that service is contested, _ipso facto_
, shows that the defendant is aware of the claim that has been brought against
him in Singapore. The application to set aside would thus be self-defeating.
Something more is needed to justify the exercise of the court’s discretion.

Conclusion

96 In the circumstances, the service method employed by the plaintiff on the
defendants is valid under O 11 r 3(1). Accordingly, the defendants’
application is dismissed with costs which I fix at $5,000 inclusive of
disbursements.

A restatement of the law on service outside jurisdiction

97 I believe it useful to gather up the various strands of analysis that have
been pursued in this judgment into a comprehensive re-statement of the law on
the procedural requirements governing the service of process outside
jurisdiction, particularly as regards the manner through which service may be
effected. This _coda_ will be divided into three parts: first, I will explain
the critical importance of proper service; second, I will discuss the
relevance of foreign law to an inquiry into the validity of overseas service;
and finally, I will sketch out a “roadmap” for litigation on the validity of
the service of process overseas.

98 As a clarification, I note that O 11 comprises two parts. The first
concerns the grant of leave for service out of jurisdiction (O 11 rr 1 and 2),
which is premised on proof that there is sufficient nexus between the claim
and this jurisdiction. At this stage, the plaintiff must show that one of the
jurisdictional grounds specified in O 11 r 1 exists, that its claim has a
sufficient degree of merit, and that Singapore is the proper forum (see _Zoom
Communications Ltd v Broadcast Solutions Pte Ltd_ [2014] 4 SLR 500 at [26]).
The second concerns the actual service of process abroad, which is governed
principally by O 11 rr 3 and 4. It is the latter which will be the focus of
this section.

Service as a jurisdictional requirement

99 A plaintiff who seeks to invoke the jurisdiction of the High Court of
Singapore against a foreign defendant must satisfy s 16(1)(_a_)(ii) of the
Supreme Court of Judicature Act (Cap 332, 2007 Rev Ed) (“the SCJA”), which
states:

**Civil jurisdiction — general**

**16.** —(1) The High Court shall have jurisdiction to hear and try any action
in personam where —

(_a_) the defendant is served with a writ of summons or any other originating
process —

(i) in Singapore in the manner prescribed by Rules of Court or Family Justice
Rules; or

_(ii) outside Singapore in the circumstances authorised by and in the manner
prescribed by Rules of Court or Family Justice Rules; or_

(b) the defendant submits to the jurisdiction of the High Court.

[emphasis added]

100 As stated by Sundaresh Menon JC (as he then was) in _Lee Hsien Loong v
Review Publishing Co Ltd and another and another suit_ [2007] 2 SLR(R) 453 (“
_Lee Hsien Loong_ ”) at [21], absent the defendant’s voluntary submission to
the jurisdiction of this court, “a plaintiff’s jurisdictional title to sue a
foreign defendant depends upon the claim falling within the circumstances
authorised by the Rules (in other words, the sub-rules of O 11 r 1) as well as
upon the writ being served in the manner prescribed by the Rules.” In other
words, the jurisdiction of this court over foreign defendants is expressly
conferred by statute and service in accordance with O 11 is a _statutory
condition precedent to the exercise of jurisdiction_ under s 16(1)(_a_)(ii) of
the SCJA. Two important points flow from this.

Singapore law determines the validity of service

101 The first is that the validity of service — which is a jurisdictional
matter — falls to be determined by the law of Singapore (specifically, O 11).
This is because questions of jurisdiction must be decided by the _lex fori_ ,
particularly where jurisdiction is conferred by statute (see _The “Kapitan
Temkin”_ [1998] 2 SLR(R) 537 at [5]). Furthermore, matters relating to service
of process are procedural, which are eminently matters for the _lex fori_ (see
_Pacific Assets Management Ltd and others v Chen Lip Keong_ [2006] 1 SLR(R)
658 (“ _Pacific Assets_ ”) at [14]).

The plaintiff bears the burden of proof

102 The second is that the burden of proof falls on the plaintiff to establish
that the method of service employed complies with O 11. Although there are
contrary statements in past cases (see, _eg_ , _Pacific Assets_ at [12] and
_Reemtsma Cigarettenfabriken GmbH v Hugo Boss AG_ [2003] 3 SLR(R) 469 at
[10]), I respectfully agree with the observation in _Lee Hsien Loong_ (at
[18]–[21]) that the courts in those cases did not have the benefit of full
arguments and that the true position is that the burden ought to lie on the
party who is invoking the jurisdiction of this court: _ie_ , the plaintiff.

The relevance of foreign law

103 As a corollary of the fact that the validity of service is a matter for
the _lex fori_ , the provisions of foreign law are relevant only insofar as
_our_ laws make compliance with foreign law relevant. This is why, for
example, letters from foreign courts and/or _ex parte_ orders made by foreign
courts on the validity of the service of Singapore process are of little
assistance to this court, which has to assess the validity of service
according to our Rules (see _Pacific Assets_ at [14] and _Astro_ at [46]).
Under our Rules, foreign law on service plays either a _restrictive_ or
_permissive_ function.

Foreign law as a restriction on the validity of service

104 There are two provisions in O 11 rr 3 and 4 which explicitly make
reference to foreign law as a limitation on the validity of service. They are
rr 3(2) and 4(2)(_b_). Rule 3(2) states that “[n]othing _in this Rule_ or in
any order or direction of the Court made by virtue of it shall authorise or
require the doing of anything in a country in which service is to be effected
_which is contrary to the law of that country_ ” [emphasis added]. In the same
vein, r 4(2)(_b_) specifies that service of process may be effected _via_ the
Singapore consular authority “except where service through such an authority
is contrary to the law of that country”. Generally speaking, service could be
contrary to foreign law in one of two ways (see [86] above): (a) because it
failed to comply with a mandatory manner of service of foreign process
prescribed by foreign law; or (b) because it had been effected in a manner
specifically prohibited by foreign law.

105 Read literally, it might seem that r 3(2) only applies to methods of
service provided for in r 3 and not to those in r 4. However, I am of the view
that, notwithstanding the literal words of the rule, r 3(2) should be read
purposively as imposing a _general_ restriction on the service of process
outside jurisdiction, whatever the method employed. The basis for the
introduction of r 3(2) is the principle of international comity. As observed
by Lord Diplock in _Siskina (Owners of cargo lately laden on board) v Distos
Compania Naviera SA_ [1979] AC 210 at 240G, “[t]he exercise of this power [to
allow the service of writs outside jurisdiction] raises delicate questions of
the relationships inter se of sovereign states and of international comity.
These are matters with large political implications.” International comity
demands restraint in the manner in which service is effected out of
jurisdiction. It does not matter that the method of service employed is
provided by r 4 instead of r 3.

106 In order to understand why r 3(2) is drafted this way, one has to look at
the legislative history of the provision. When r 3(2) was first introduced (as
O 11 r 5(2) of the 1970 Rules), the only alternative methods of service
provided for in the 1970 Rules outside those found in O 11 r 5 (now O 11 r 3
of the 2014 Rules) were service through the judicial authorities, service
through the government of the foreign country, or service through a Singapore
consular authority (O 11 rr 6(1) and 6(2) of the 1970 Rules). The first two
methods of service rely on the agency of the organs of the foreign state
(which can safely be assumed will always act in accordance with the law of
their own state) while service through a Singapore consular authority was only
permissible subject to the proviso that it be effected according to the terms
of the relevant Civil Procedure Convention to which the foreign state was a
party (O 11 r 6(1)(_b_)) or the requirement that it cannot contravene the law
of the foreign country (O 11 r 6(2)(_b_)). Thus, there was no need for the
wording of O 11 r 5(2) of the 1970 Rules to encompass methods of service
provided for in O 11 r 6. This changed when O 11 r 6(2)(_c_) (now r 4(2)(_c_))
was introduced in 1991 since it contemplated the recognition of service by
private means. However, our courts have always consistently held that the
restriction in r 3(2) applies even where the plaintiff attempts to effect
service of process under r 4(2)(_c_): see _Fortune_ at [32], _ITC 2011_ at
[22]. This supports my conclusion that a broad reading of r 3(2) should be
adopted.

Foreign law as providing for a permissible method of service

107 Rule 3(3) provides that “[a]n originating process which is to be served
out of Singapore need not be served personally on the person required to be
served so long as it is served on him in accordance with the law of the
country in which service is effected.” The expression “ _in accordance with
the law of the country in which service is effected_ ” in r 3(3) could give
rise to varying interpretations. It could be construed as (a) a reference to a
method of service _specifically provided for_ by the foreign jurisdiction for
the service of _foreign process_ ; (b) service _specifically provided for_ by
the foreign jurisdiction for the service of _domestic process_ ; or (c)
service which is _not contrary_ to the law of the foreign jurisdiction.

108 Interpretation (b) would render r 3(3) superfluous since r 4(2)(_c_)
already specifically provides that service in a manner provided for by foreign
law for their domestic process is a permitted method of service under our
Rules. Interpretation (c) would render the specific methods of service
provided for in rr 3 and 4 otiose since it would permit service in _any_ form,
as long as it is not _specifically proscribed_ by the foreign jurisdiction.
Thus, interpretation (a) must be the right one. It is also entirely consistent
with the principle of international comity that we respect the prerogative of
other states to make provisions for how foreign process will be served within
their jurisdiction.

Challenging the propriety of service: O 11 litigation

109 As the plaintiffs always bear the burden of proving that service had been
validly effected, they have to establish the following:

(a) First, they have to identify exactly which method of service they are
relying on (see [59]–[62] above). If they had effected service by a method
specifically provided for by that jurisdiction for foreign process (r 3(3)) or
by that jurisdiction for the service of domestic process (r 4(2)(_c_)), they
will necessarily have to lead evidence on the content of the supporting
foreign law.

(b) Second, they have to prove that service had been validly effected _via_
the identified method. For example, if they had effected substituted service,
they must demonstrate compliance with the terms of the order granting leave
for substituted service. In order to prove that service had been validly
effected, the plaintiffs must tender either a memorandum of service under O 10
r 1(4) or an official certificate under O 11 r 3(4), as the case may be.
Whatever the method of service employed, it cannot be in contravention of the
law of the foreign jurisdiction in question (r 3(2)).

(c) Third, if the service were proven to be invalid, they have to show that
the non-compliance with the Rules can and should be cured under O 2 r (1).
Sufficient evidence must be placed before the court to justify the exercise of
its discretion to cure the defect in service.

110 Defendants challenging the validity of service may do so through three
principal routes:

(a) First, they can demonstrate that service had not, despite the attempt,
been effected. For example, in the case of personal service, they may show
that the attempt at service had not been successful in giving the defendant
notice of the claim (_eg_ , in _Astro_ — see [82] above). In the case of
substituted service, the defendants may show that service had been effected in
a manner not provided for in the order granting leave.

(b) Second, they can demonstrate that the method of service employed was not
one that is provided for under the law of the foreign jurisdiction. This only
applies to service purportedly carried out under rr 3(3) or r 4(2)(_c_). The
case of _Lee Hsien Loong_ is a good example of a challenge to a service under
r 4(2)(_c_). In _Lee Hsien Loong_ , the plaintiff sued the two defendants and
obtained leave to serve the writs out of jurisdiction. The plaintiff had
effected service on both defendants in Hong Kong by way of a process server
who left the documents at the registered office of the first defendant (a
company) and personally served the writ on the second. It was undisputed that
these were methods of service permitted for the service of domestic writs
under Hong Kong law. The plaintiff argued that it had therefore effected valid
service under r 4(2)(_c_) of our Rules. The defendant argued that the
plaintiff could not avail himself of r 4(2)(_c_) because the People’s Republic
of China was a country with whom Singapore had concluded a Civil Procedure
Convention so r 4(1) and not r 4(2) ought to apply instead.

(c) Third, the defendants can demonstrate that service was contrary to the law
of the jurisdiction in question, thus violating r 3(2).

(d) Finally, in response to the plaintiff’s attempt to cure an invalid
service, the defendants can show that the invalid service is one which is
either not curable under O 2 r (1) of the Rules or that, even if curable, the
court’s discretion should not be exercised. In doing so, they ought to have
regard to the factors that I have set out at [78]–[95] above.

111 It is my hope that this judgment has provided sufficient clarity on the
procedural requirements governing service out of jurisdiction, obviating or at
least reducing the need for lengthy and protracted interlocutory tussles over
this issue in the future.

* * *

[note: 1]Statement of Claim dated 18 August 2014 (“SOC”) at para 6.

[note: 2]SOC at paras 1 – 5.

[note: 3]SOC at para 11.

[note: 4]SOC at para 119.

[note: 5]SUM 4577/2014, found at the plaintiff’s Bundle of Documents (“PBOD”),
Tab 2.

[note: 6]Affidavit of Kristian Takasdo dated 9 October 2014.

[note: 7]Affidavit of Kristian Takasdo at paras 6 and 8.

[note: 8]Affidavit of Kristian Takasdo at paras 7 and 9.

[note: 9]Minute sheet of Steven Chong J dated 16 March 2015 at p 1, para 8.

[note: 10]PBOD, Tab 4.

[note: 11]SUM 5543/2014 found at PBOD, Tab 5.

[note: 12]Defendants’ written submissions at para 9.

[note: 13]Defendant’s written submissions at paras 14 and 15.

[note: 14]Defendants’ written submissions at para 31.

[note: 15]Defendant’s written submissions at para 31.

[note: 16]Defendant’s written submissions at para 32 – 45.

[note: 17]Defendant’s written submissions at paras 47 and 48.

[note: 18]Defendant’s written submissions at para 46.

[note: 19]Defendant’s written submissions at para 52.

[note: 20]Plaintiff’s written submissions at paras 4.1 and 4.2.

[note: 21]Plaintiff’s written submissions at paras 8.1 and 8.2.

[note: 22]Plaintiff’s written submissions at paras 5 and 6.

[note: 23]Plaintiff’s written submissions at para 8.2.

[note: 24]Minute sheet of Steven Chong J dated 16 March 2015 at p 4, para 8.

[note: 25]Minute sheet of Steven Chong J dated 16 March 2015 at p 3, paras 7
and 8.

[note: 26]Plaintiff’s written submissions at para 9.

[note: 27]Winarta’s 1st Affidavit at pp 44–45.

[note: 28]Affidavit of Tony Budijaja dated 19 December 2014 (“Budijaja’s 1st
Affidavit) at p 63.

[note: 29]Minute sheet of Steven Chong J dated 16 March 2015 at p 4, para 5.

[note: 30]Budijaja’s 1st Affidavit at para 11.

[note: 31]Affidavit of Dr Frans Hendra Winarta dated 4 November 2014
(“Winarta’s 1st Affidavit”) at p 52.

[note: 32]Winarta’s 1st Affidavit at p 54.

[note: 33]Minute sheet of Steven Chong J dated 16 March 2015 at p 2, para 3.

[note: 34]Defendant’s written submissions at para 55.

[note: 35]Affidavit of Dr Frans Hendra Winarta dated 13 February 2015 at p 25.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 29 May 2015 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

