Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  AQZ _v_ ARA  
[2015] SGHC 49

Case Number| :| Originating Summons No 530 of 2014 and Summons No 3168 of 2014  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 13 February 2015  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Judith Prakash J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Thomas Tan and Ong Shao Rong (Haridass Ho & Partners) for
the plaintiff; Lawrence Teh, Melissa Thng and Sim Junhui (Rodyk & Davidson
LLP) for the defendant.  
Parties| :|  AQZ — ARA  
  
13 February 2015| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Judith Prakash J:

Introduction

1 This matter came before me as an application by the plaintiff to set aside a
“Ruling and Partial Award on Preliminary Issues relating to Jurisdiction and
Liability” dated 12 May 2014 (“the Award”) made by an arbitral tribunal. It
raises interesting questions as to how the court’s power to hear questions of
jurisdiction _de novo_ should be exercised and on the application of the
expanded definition of “in writing” in the current version of the
International Arbitration Act (Cap 143A, 2002 Rev Ed) (the “current IAA”) to
arbitration agreements that were concluded before the amendments came into
force.

2 The plaintiff (whom I shall refer to as “the Supplier”) is a mining and
commodity trading company incorporated in Singapore and the defendant (whom I
shall refer to as “the Buyer”) is the Singapore subsidiary of an Indian
trading and shipping conglomerate. In or around November 2009, the parties
discussed the possibility of entering into two separate sale and purchase
agreements under each of which the Supplier would sell and the Buyer would buy
50,000 metric tonnes (± 10%) of Indonesian non-coking coal. The negotiations
were carried on concurrently. Although prior to these negotiations the parties
had never dealt with each other, both had considerable experience in the
Indonesian coal trade as they each owned or controlled coal mines and also
engaged in substantial trading in coal with third parties.

3 By 7 December 2009, these discussions resulted in a contract for the
shipment of 50,000 metric tonnes of coal in January 2010 (“the First
Shipment”) at a price of US$56/mt. The dispute between the parties was whether
the discussions also resulted in a further contract for a second shipment of
the same quantity of coal in January 2010 (“the Second Shipment”). The Buyer’s
position was that the Second Shipment was concluded and the Supplier
subsequently breached the contract. The Supplier maintained that the contract
for the Second Shipment never came into existence.

4 On 20 March 2013, the Buyer issued a Notice of Arbitration, purportedly
under cl 16 of the alleged Second Shipment, to commence arbitration
proceedings in the Singapore International Arbitration Centre (“SIAC”) against
the Supplier. In the Notice of Arbitration the Buyer’s claim was quantified at
US$706,750 plus interest and costs. The next day, the Buyer applied to the
SIAC for the arbitration to be conducted under the Expedited Procedure
pursuant to r 5 of the Arbitration Rules of the SIAC (4th Ed, 1 July 2010)
(“SIAC Rules 2010”). On 18 April 2013, the Supplier’s solicitors wrote to the
SIAC and challenged the existence of an arbitration agreement. The Supplier
also objected to the Expedited Procedure.

5 By a letter dated 20 May 2013, the SIAC notified the parties that having
considered their submissions on the suitability of Expedited Procedure, the
President of the SIAC Court of Arbitration (“SIAC President”) had decided to
allow the Buyer’s application. Thereafter, there was further exchange of
correspondence between the parties and the SIAC. In the event, the parties
agreed to proceed with a joint nomination of a sole arbitrator, but the
Supplier made clear that it was proceeding with the arbitration “under protest
with all of its rights reserved, including the right, _inter alia_ , to
challenge the effectiveness of the Arbitration Agreement, the applicability of
the SIAC Rules 2010, the conduct of the Arbitration under the Expedited
Procedure before a sole arbitrator and/or the Tribunal’s own jurisdiction”. On
8 July 2013, the SIAC President appointed an arbitrator (“the Arbitrator”) to
conduct the arbitration proceedings.

6 By a letter dated 10 September 2013, the Arbitrator made a procedural order
to address the Supplier’s plea of lack of jurisdiction. He ordered a
preliminary hearing to resolve the issues of jurisdiction and liability.

7 The preliminary hearing was conducted from 16 to 18 October 2013. The
Arbitrator issued the Award on 12 May 2014. In it, the Arbitrator found that
the tribunal had jurisdiction and that the Supplier was liable to the Buyer
for breach of contract.

8 Dissatisfied with the Arbitrator’s ruling, the Supplier took out these
proceedings (Originating Summons No 530 of 2014 (“OS 530”)) on 11 June 2014 to
have the Award reversed and/or wholly set aside. In response, the Buyer took
out Summons No 3168 of 2014 (“Sum 3168”) on 26 June 2014. I will say more
about these applications later.

Further facts concerning the disputed Second Shipment

9 The parties accepted that by 8 December 2009 they had discussed and verbally
agreed on the terms of the Second Shipment, albeit it was the Supplier’s
position that such agreement had not resulted in a binding contract. All the
terms of the Second Shipment, except the period during which the coal was to
be shipped, were to be identical to those in the First Shipment. For the
Second Shipment, the agreed laycan (_ie_ , the shipment period) was between 15
and 25 January 2010\. It should be noted that later on 8 December itself the
Supplier asked the Buyer to consider an increase in the agreed price by 50
cents to US$56.50/mt.

10 At all material times, the negotiations were carried on chiefly between two
representatives of the parties. The Supplier’s representative, whom I shall
refer to as “KSR”, was then stationed in Jakarta as the President Director of
an Indonesian company related to the Supplier. KSR is now a director of the
Supplier. The Buyer’s representative, whom I shall refer to as “MM”, was then
the General Manager of the Buyer. He is now a director of the Buyer.

11 The First Shipment had probably been agreed between the parties on 4
December 2009 but, at the latest, by 7 December 2009\. The written contract
was signed on 9 December 2009 but dated 27 November 2009\. Drafts of the
proposed contract had been passing between the parties from 30 November 2009
onwards. The parties worked on a draft originally produced by the Buyer and
although certain changes were made to it to reflect subsequent negotiations,
cll 2 (“Term of Contract”) and 16 (“Arbitration”) remained the same
throughout.

12 In relation to the Second Shipment, on 11 and 15 December 2009, the Buyer
requested that certain changes be made to the specifications of the coal
(“Changed Coal Specifications”) to meet the requirements of Coal Pulse Pte Ltd
(“Coal Pulse”), with whom it was negotiating for a sub-sale of the coal. In an
e-mail dated 15 December 2009, the Supplier rejected the Changed Coal
Specifications. Nevertheless, the Buyer continued to negotiate with Coal
Pulse. The Arbitrator found that the Buyer subsequently concluded a contract
with Coal Pulse on or about 14 December 2009 (the “Sub-sale Contract”) for the
sub-sale of the coal it was to purchase under the Second Shipment.

13 The parties had a dinner meeting in Jakarta on 16 December 2009 during
which the Buyer endeavoured to persuade the Supplier to agree to the Changed
Coal Specifications. The Buyer’s position was that it had been able to obtain
the Supplier’s concurrence at this meeting. However, the Supplier maintained
that it did not agree to the Changed Coal Specifications because they involved
material changes to the quality of the coal that it was obliged to supply
which raised the possibility of the Supplier having to obtain the coal from a
different source.

14 On 18 December 2009, the Buyer sent the Supplier an e-mail, to which was
attached a draft contract which had been amended to reflect the increase in
price to US$56.50/mt and to incorporate the Changed Coal Specifications. The
e-mail read:

Dear [KSR],

Please go through the 2nd contract as per attached.

I have made certain changes as per what we had discussed during our dinner on
Wednesday night in Jakarta and previous emails.

Kindly approve and ask your Singapore office to sign 2 originals and have them
sent to our office to sign and return 1 copy.

…

15 There was no response from the Supplier, and on 22 December 2009, the Buyer
sent another e-mail asking the Supplier to go through the Second Shipment and
have it signed and returned so that the “paper work formality” could be
completed. On 23 December 2009, the Supplier informed the Buyer by e-mail that
it “shall not be able to do the 2nd shipment” for various reasons including “a
sudden shortage of high GCV coal supply in Indonesia due to excessive rains,
huge demand from China and some of [its] suppliers facing forestry issues in
Central Kalimantan”. The Buyer responded the same day and said:

My dear [KSR],

I heard that Deepak called and e-mailed [MM] and wanted to cancel the 2nd
shipment due to some minor issues in the contract, which in fact we had
already agreed upon during our dinner in Jakarta on 16th December.

As discussed with you during the dinner, please ensure that the 2nd shipment
is done in time. …

As also discussed, market goes up and down and I remember your promise that
whatever happens, you will honour your commitment.

…

16 Thereafter, there were telephone discussions between KSR and MM. The Buyer
contended that on 23 December 2009 the Supplier agreed to perform the Second
Shipment with a later shipment period (1 to 10 February 2010) and with some
but not all of the Changed Coal Specifications accepted. The Buyer sent the
Supplier a revised contract incorporating these changes for execution the same
day. The Supplier did not sign the contract.

17 On 5 January 2010, the Buyer sent an e-mail to the Supplier asking for
confirmation of the laycan for the shipment of the coal under the Second
Shipment. The Supplier’s employee replied, “I suppose it was already agreed
that the tentative laycan for second shipment would be 1–10 Feb10”.

18 On 11 January 2010, Coal Pulse nominated the vessel, _Medi Lisbon_ , for
the shipment of the coal under the Sub-sale Contract. After an unsuccessful
attempt to persuade Coal Pulse to agree to a later laycan date to assist the
Supplier, the Buyer insisted that the Supplier ship the coal during the
original laycan period. On 15 January 2010, the Buyer nominated the _Medi
Lisbon_ as the vessel to which delivery of coal under the Second Shipment
should be made. The Supplier then made it known that there was no way it could
perform the Second Shipment. The Buyer insisted that the Supplier had to
perform unless there was an event of _force majeure_ and asked for supporting
documents if that indeed was the Supplier’s position. The Supplier responded
by sending over some documents. The documents referred to large waves in South
Kalimantan waters and a prohibition issued by the administrator of the
Kotabaru port which forbade certain types of vessels from sailing from that
port from 12 to 20 January 2010. In a separate e-mail, the Supplier stated:

… please note we don’t have any contract as yet for second vessel, which we
are discussing, so let’s respect each other’s understanding. But I sure we
cannot do any shipments for the month of February 2010 as the required grade
of cargo is not available because of excessive rains, flooding at Mines and
their cascading effects.

The Buyer responded:

Thank you for your supporting documents. We have informed our buyer
accordingly.

Please note we truly appreciate your efforts in performing the first shipment.

We also understand your position for the second shipment but please also
understand that we have to answer to our buyer as well.

The Supplier replied, again reiterating that the shortage was caused by
circumstances beyond its control.

19 Coal Pulse responded to the Buyer on 16 January 2010 asserting that the
circumstances mentioned in the supporting documents from the Supplier that
were forwarded to it did not qualify as an event of _force majeure_. On 21
January 2010, Coal Pulse’s lawyers wrote to the Buyer rejecting the suggestion
that there was an event of _force majeure_ and terminating the Sub-sale
Contract. The Buyer forwarded the termination notice to the Supplier.

20 The Buyer and the Supplier held another meeting in Jakarta on 2 February
2010. The Buyer’s position was that it was clear to everyone present at this
meeting that the Second Shipment was terminated and the only outstanding
matter was the Buyer’s claim against the Supplier for compensation. On 3
February 2010, the Buyer sent the Supplier an e-mail referencing their meeting
the previous day. It stated that two options were available: the first was an
amicable settlement and the second was for the Buyer to proceed with
arbitration in which event all legal costs and expenses and all claims by Coal
Plus would be to account of the Supplier.

21 The parties were not able to settle the matter and the Buyer then sent out
its Notice of Arbitration.

The arbitration proceedings

Course of the proceedings

22 It should be noted that the SIAC had informed the parties on 20 May 2013
that since the SIAC President had determined that the arbitration was to be
conducted in accordance with the Expedited Procedure, the following procedures
were to apply to the arbitration:

(a) The tribunal shall hold a hearing for the examination of all witnesses and
expert witnesses as well as for any argument.

(b) The award shall be made within six months from the date that the tribunal
is constituted unless an extension of time is granted.

(c) The tribunal shall state the reasons upon which the award is based in
summary form.

23 Following a first procedural meeting in July 2013, the parties were given
directions on filing and exchange of pleadings. After a second procedural
meeting, the Arbitrator issued his procedural order on 10 September 2013
fixing the date of the preliminary hearing at which the preliminary issues
would be addressed and determined. Subsequently, the parties submitted their
documents including two witness statements and one expert report on behalf of
the Buyer and one witness statement and an expert report on behalf of the
Supplier.

24 At the preliminary hearing, the parties’ witnesses and experts gave
evidence and were cross-examined. Thereafter, written closing submissions were
submitted, followed by a final hearing on 22 November 2013 at which both
parties presented their oral closing submissions. At the conclusion of the
hearing on 22 November 2013, after consulting with both parties, the
Arbitrator declared that proceedings had been brought to a close in respect of
the questions of jurisdiction and liability. Subsequently the parties agreed
that the ruling and award on jurisdiction and liability could not be given
within the original deadline of six months and that the tribunal should take
such time as was necessary to deliver the same.

Parties’ arguments before the tribunal on whether the Second Shipment was
validly concluded

25 The Buyer argued that the Second Shipment which was concluded on 8 December
2009 was verbally varied as a result of the telephone discussions on 23
December 2009. Alternatively, it argued that the Second Shipment was concluded
on 23 December 2009 and its terms were those stated in the written contract
sent to the Supplier for execution on the same day. It argued that the
Supplier had repudiated the Second Shipment by its failure to perform. It
claimed damages in the sum of US$852,000 being the difference between the
price of the coal under the Second Shipment and the prevailing market price at
the material time.

26 The Supplier argued that the Second Shipment was not concluded on 8
December 2009, notwithstanding the parties’ verbal agreement on the terms
thereof because no contract was signed. It maintained that it was normal
business practice in the Indonesian coal trade that there would be no binding
contract until the contracting parties had signed a written contract. It
claimed that the parties had negotiated on this basis and that this was
reflected in cl 2 of the disputed Second Shipment. It also argued that the
written contracts that the Buyer sent to it for signature on 18 and 23
December 2009 did not reflect the terms that were verbally agreed on 8
December 2009, but instead incorporated the Changed Coal Specifications which
it had not agreed to. It asserted that the Buyer’s attempts to impose new
terms amounted to a rejection of any earlier offer and/or a new counter-offer
from the Buyer. It also argued that even if the Second Shipment was validly
concluded on 8 December 2009, the Buyer must be taken to have “waived and/or
abandoned and/or threw up and/or is estopped from enforcing its rights”
because of its subsequent conduct (_ie_ , the fact that its Sub-sale Contract
with Coal Pulse was on different terms).

Parties’ arguments on whether there was a valid and binding arbitration
agreement between the parties

27 The Supplier’s position was that even if the Second Shipment had been
concluded, it was an oral agreement only and as such could not constitute an
arbitration agreement as the same had to be in writing. The Supplier’s
argument that there was no valid and binding arbitration agreement was
premised on its assertion that this issue had to be determined based on the
law as it stood in December 2009 which was when the Second Shipment took
effect and was before the changes enacted by the International Arbitration
(Amendment) Act 2012 (Act 12 of 2012) (“Amendment Act 2012”) came into force.
These changes were only effective on 1 June 2012. The Buyer, in response,
relied on s 12(1) of the Amendment Act 2012 which provided that the Amendment
Act 2012 “shall apply to arbitral proceedings commenced on or after the date
of commencement of this Act”.

The Arbitrator’s decision

28 The Arbitrator noted that the issue of whether the Second Shipment was
validly concluded between the parties turned on the following sub-issues:

(a) Had the parties verbally agreed to the terms of the Second Shipment on 8
December 2009?

(b) Was it normal business practice in the Indonesian coal trade that there
would be no binding contract until the contracting parties signed a written
contract?

(c) Was cl 2 a “subject to contract” provision and were the negotiations
between the parties on the Second Shipment carried out on a “subject to
contract” basis?

(d) Did the parties verbally agree to vary the terms of the Second Shipment
before or on 23 December 2009?

(e) Alternatively, between 8 and 23 December 2009, did the parties agree to
vary the terms of the Second Shipment?

(f) Did the Buyer’s request for Changed Coal Specifications amount to a
rejection of any earlier offer and/or a new counter-offer from the Buyer?

29 On the issue of whether the Second Shipment was validly concluded, the
Arbitrator held:

(a) The parties had verbally agreed to the terms of the Second Shipment on 8
December 2009. Other than the price per metric tonne of coal and the laycan
period, all other terms were to be as per the First Shipment.

(b) It was not part of normal business practice in the Indonesian coal trade
that there would be no binding contract until the contracting parties signed a
written contract.

(c) Clause 2 was not a “subject to contract” provision and the negotiations
between the parties on the Second Shipment were not carried out on a “subject
to contract” basis.

(d) The parties verbally agreed to vary the terms of the Second Shipment to
incorporate the Changed Coal Specifications during the 16 December 2009 dinner
meeting in Jakarta and/or during the telephone conversations between the
parties on 23 December 2009 and the terms were those set out in the written
contract presented to the Supplier for signature on the same day.

(e) There had not been any rejection of any earlier contractual offer and/or a
new counter-offer by the Buyer.

30 The Arbitrator also concluded that there was a valid and binding
arbitration agreement between the parties. He rejected the Supplier’s argument
that this issue should be determined based on the law as it stood in December
2009. He stated that s 12 of the Amendment Act 2012 was dispositive of the
matter and that s 2A of the current IAA would govern the issue of whether
there was a valid and binding arbitration agreement. He further concluded that
there was a valid and binding arbitration agreement between the parties that
conformed to the requirements of ss 2A(3) and 2A(4) of the current IAA.

31 The Arbitrator ruled that the SIAC Rules 2010 applied to the arbitral
proceedings and that the proceedings could be conducted under the Expedited
Procedure contained in r 5 of the SIAC Rules 2010 before a sole arbitrator.

32 Finally, he held that the Supplier was liable to the Buyer for its claims
in the arbitration.

The present proceedings

33 The Supplier took out OS 530 on 11 June 2014 to have the Award reversed
and/or wholly set aside on grounds that the Arbitrator lacked jurisdiction to
hear the dispute. It claimed, among other things, that there was no valid and
binding arbitration agreement between the parties. The Supplier based its
challenge on two grounds:

(a) That the Award should be reversed and/or wholly set aside under s 10(3) of
the IAA and/or Art 16(3) of the UNCITRAL Model Law on International Commercial
Arbitration set out in the First Schedule of the IAA (“Model Law”) (“First
Prayer”). This was the original jurisdictional challenge.

(b) Alternatively, that the Award should be wholly set aside under s 3(1) of
the IAA read with Art 34(2)(_a_)(iv) of the Model Law (“Second Prayer”). The
Second Prayer was the challenge to the Expedited Procedure and the appointment
of one arbitrator instead of three.

34 In the event that the court found that there was a valid arbitration
agreement, then the Supplier sought an order that the dispute be reheard
before three arbitrators and for the arbitral proceedings to be stayed pending
the outcome of these proceedings.

35 The Second Prayer was amended some months later after the parties’ first
appearance before me. Originally the Supplier’s challenge to the Award on
jurisdictional grounds was based solely on the provisions of s 10(3) of the
IAA and Art 16(3) of the Model Law. When faced with the original application,
the Buyer took the position that these provisions could not be used to
challenge the Arbitrator’s jurisdiction at this stage and therefore took out
Sum 3168 by which it sought to have the Supplier’s First Prayer “heard and
determined” before the other prayers in OS 530.

36 In the course of the first hearing of OS 530 on 23 September 2014, I
granted the Supplier leave to amend the Second Prayer to include a challenge
against the Award under Art 34(2)(_a_)(i) of the Model Law as well. This meant
that the Second Prayer also contained a jurisdictional challenge. The
amendment was duly filed.

Scope of _de novo_ hearing in an application to set aside an arbitral award on
grounds of lack of jurisdiction

37 This is an issue that was brought up in the course of the first hearing
before me.

38 The Supplier argued that in an application to set aside an arbitral award
on the ground that the arbitral tribunal lacked jurisdiction to hear the
dispute, a court was required to carry out a _de novo_ hearing of the matter.
According to the Supplier, this meant the court had to conduct “a complete
retrial and/or rehearing” of the question of whether the arbitral tribunal had
jurisdiction. Hence, the court ought to hear oral evidence from the parties’
witnesses before deciding such applications. This was so regardless of whether
the application was brought pursuant to s 10(3) of the IAA and/or Art 16(3) of
the Model Law; or s 3(1) of the IAA read with the relevant limb of Art
34(2)(_a_) of the Model Law. The Supplier relied on _PT First Media TBK
(formerly known as PT Broadband Multimedia TBK) v Astro Nusantara
International BV and others and another appeal_ [2014] 1 SLR 372 (“ _First
Media_ ”), _Dallah Real Estate and Tourism Holding Co v Ministry of Religious
Affairs of the Government of Pakistan_ [2011] 1 AC 763 (“ _Dallah_ ”), and
_Azov Shipping Co v Baltic Shipping Co_ [1999] 1 Lloyd’s Rep 68 (“ _Azov_ ”)
to support its contention.

39 After some argument however, the Supplier withdrew this submission and was
content for its challenge in this court to proceed on affidavit evidence
alone. Notwithstanding this withdrawal, given that the parties had made
submissions on the scope of _de novo_ hearing in the context of an application
to set aside an arbitral award for lack of jurisdiction, and because guidance
on this matter will be useful for future cases, I give my brief views on this
issue. I will begin by discussing the cases that the Supplier relied on.

First Media

40 In _First Media_ , a subscription and shareholders’ agreement (“SSA”)
containing the terms of a proposed joint venture (“JV”) was concluded between
companies belonging to the Lippo Group on the one hand, and companies
belonging to the Astro Group on the other (“the Astro Contractors”). The
vehicle for the JV was to be PT Direct Vision (“DV”). The SSA contained an
arbitration agreement. It also contained a number of conditions precedent upon
which the parties’ respective obligations in the JV were predicated. Even
before the conditions precedent were fulfilled, funds and services were
provided by three other Astro companies (the “Astro Suppliers”) to DV to build
up the latter’s business. The Astro Suppliers were not parties to the SSA.

41 The conditions precedent were not fulfilled. A dispute then arose over
whether the Astro Suppliers had separately agreed that they would continue
funding and providing services to DV. A Lippo Group party to the SSA,
commenced court proceedings in Indonesia against, amongst others, the Astro
Suppliers. The Astro Contractors viewed these Indonesian proceedings as a
breach of the arbitration agreement in the SSA. They commenced arbitration
proceedings against the Lippo parties to the SSA, namely: PT Ayunda Prima
Mitra (“Ayunda”), DV, and PT First Media TBK (“FM”). They then applied for the
Astro Suppliers to be joined as co-claimants in the arbitration proceedings
and were granted leave to do so by the tribunal. The tribunal subsequently
issued four other awards on the merits of the dispute between the parties
pursuant to which the respondents were ordered to pay substantial sums to the
Astro Suppliers. All the Astro parties then applied to the High Court for
leave to enforce the awards rendered by the tribunal. Leave was granted and
two orders (“Enforcement Orders”) were purportedly served on Ayunda, DV and
FM. FM applied to set aside the Enforcement Orders on the ground, _inter alia_
, that there was no arbitration agreement between FM and the Astro Suppliers.

42 The Court of Appeal accepted that an objection to the enforcement of an
arbitration award on the ground that the alleged arbitration agreement was
never concluded between the relevant parties was capable of being subsumed
under Art 36(1)(_a_)(i) of the Model Law. It then set out the standard of
review that the court would apply when reviewing the tribunal’s decision on
whether an arbitration agreement had been formed between the relevant parties.
It stated at [162]–[163]:

162 … Mr Landau submitted that this court can and should review the Tribunal’s
decision _de novo_. He relies in particular on the authority of [_Dallah_],
and emphasised the following passage from Lord Mance JSC’s decision (at [30]):

The nature of the present exercise, is in my opinion, also unaffected where an
arbitral tribunal has either assumed or, after full deliberation, concluded
that it had jurisdiction. There is in law no distinction between these
situations. The tribunal’s own view of its jurisdiction has no legal or
evidential value, when the issue is whether the tribunal had any legitimate
authority in relation to the Government at all. This is so however full was
the evidence before it and however carefully deliberated was its conclusion. …

163 The extracted passage represents the leading statement on the standard of
curial review to be applied under the New York Convention, and there is no
reason in principle for the position under the Model Law to be any different.
Significantly, the jurisprudence of the Singapore courts has also evinced the
exercise of _de novo_ judicial review (see [_Denmark Skibstekniske Konsulenter
A/S I Likvidation (formerly known as Knud E Hansen A/S) v Ultrapolis 3000
Investments Ltd (formerly known as Ultrapolis 3000 Theme Park Investments
Ltd)_ [2010] 3 SLR 661] at [38]–[39] and _Galsworthy Ltd of the Republic of
Liberia v Glory Wealth Shipping Pte Ltd_ [2011] 1 SLR 727 at [8]). We affirm
these local authorities. _In particular, we also agree with Lord Mance JSC
that the tribunal’s own view of its jurisdiction has no legal or evidential
value before a court that has to determine that question_.

[emphasis added]

Dallah

43 _Dallah_ involved an agreement between Dallah Real Estate and Tourism
Holding Co (“Dallah”) and Awami Hajj Trust (“the Trust”) under which Dallah
would purchase land in Saudi Arabia and construct housing facilities which the
Government of Pakistan (“the Government”) would lease for the use of Pakistani
pilgrims. The Trust was established by means of an ordinance promulgated by
the President of Pakistan while Ms Benazir Bhutto’s government was in power.
The agreement also provided that the Trust shall pay Dallah an advance of
US$100m subject to Dallah arranging a US$100m financing facility for the Trust
guaranteed by the Government and counter guaranteed by a Bahraini bank. The
agreement contained an arbitration clause. The Government was not expressed to
be a party to the agreement, nor did it sign the same in any capacity. When a
change in Pakistan’s ruling party took place, the new government did not take
the legal action necessary to ensure the existence of the Trust and it ceased
to exist.

44 Sometime after the Trust had ceased to exist as a legal entity, Dallah
invoked ICC arbitration against the Government. Throughout the arbitration,
the Government denied being party to any arbitration agreement, maintained a
jurisdictional reservation, and did nothing to submit to the jurisdiction of
the arbitral tribunal or waive its sovereign immunity. The arbitral tribunal
found that it had jurisdiction in its first partial award on jurisdiction. In
its final award the tribunal ordered the Government to pay Dallah damages for
breach of the agreement, plus costs and fees. Dallah obtained leave to enforce
the final award in England on a without notice application. The Government
then applied to set aside the order granting leave pursuant to s 103(2) of the
Arbitration Act 1996 (c 23) (“1996 Arbitration Act”) and Article V(1)(a) of
the Convention on the Recognition and Enforcement of Foreign Arbitral Awards
(“New York Convention”).

45 The UK Supreme Court considered the “nature of the exercise which an
enforcing court must undertake when deciding whether an arbitration agreement”
existed under the law of the country where the award was made and “the
relevance of the fact that the arbitral tribunal had itself ruled on the issue
of its own jurisdiction”. Lord Mance JSC’s comments quoted by the Court of
Appeal in _First Media_ (see above at [42]) were made in connection with this
issue. It is also worth mentioning that although Lord Mance was of the view
that an arbitral tribunal’s views of its jurisdiction had no “legal or
evidential value” he proceeded to state (at [31]):

This is not to say that a court seised of an issue under article V(1)(a) and
section 103(2)(b) will not examine, both carefully and with interest, the
reasoning and conclusion of an arbitral tribunal which has undertaken a
similar examination. Courts welcome useful assistance. …

46 Lord Collins of Mapesbury JSC in considering the same issue stated (at
[96]):

The consistent practice of the courts in England has been that they will
examine or re-examine for themselves the jurisdiction of arbitrators. This can
arise in a variety of contexts, including a challenge to the tribunal’s
jurisdiction under section 67 of the [1996 Arbitration Act], or in an
application to stay judicial proceedings on the ground that the parties have
agreed to arbitrate. Thus in _Azov Shipping Co v Baltic Shipping Co_ [1999] 1
Lloyd’s Rep 68 Rix J decided that where there was a substantial issue of fact
as to whether a party had entered into an arbitration agreement, then even if
there had already been a full hearing before the arbitrator the court, on a
challenge under section 67, should not be in a worse position than the
arbitrator for the purpose of determining the challenge. …

Azov

47 _Azov_ concerned an agreement between a number of former Soviet shipping
companies to deal with the consequences flowing from the split up of the USSR.
The agreement contained an arbitration clause. Baltic Shipping Co commenced
arbitration against Azov Shipping Co (“Azov”). Azov denied being party to the
agreement. The arbitrator considered the issue of whether Azov was a party to
the agreement as a preliminary point. Azov participated in the preliminary
hearing while maintaining full reservation on the jurisdiction point. The
arbitrator had to consider a number of questions of fact and foreign law to
determine the preliminary point. Over a three-day hearing, witnesses of fact
and expert witnesses on foreign law gave evidence before him and were orally
cross-examined. He came to the conclusion that Azov was party to the agreement
and that he did have jurisdiction to hear the dispute. On his own admission,
he reached this conclusion with “some uncertainty”. One reason for his
conclusion was that Azov’s expert witness was somewhat evasive and partisan
and he found difficulty in deciding what the applicable foreign law principles
were.

48 Azov challenged the award under s 67(1)(a) of 1996 Arbitration Act. Mr
Justice Rix framed the issue that was before the court in the following terms
(at 69):

…where a full scale hearing on jurisdiction has been heard before the
arbitrator…and there is a challenge to his award on jurisdiction under s. 67,
can the challenger seek an order from the Court as to directions (for the
purpose of the relevant arbitration application) which enable him to present
his case and challenge the opposing party’s case on the question of
jurisdiction with the full panoply of oral evidence and cross-examination, so
that, in effect, the challenge becomes a complete rehearing of all that has
already occurred before the arbitrator?

He referred to O 73 r 14 of the English Rules of Court which granted the court
the power to order oral evidence in an arbitration application if it
considered that there was or might be “a dispute as to fact and that the just,
expeditious and economical disposal of the application” could be best secured
by allowing oral evidence. He was of the view that the case before him was an
appropriate one to allow oral evidence and cross-examination. He stated (at
70–71):

… Where … there are substantial issues of fact as to whether a party has made
the relevant agreement in the first place, then it seems to me that, even if
there has already been a full hearing before the arbitrators the Court, upon a
challenge under s. 67 should not be placed in a worse position than the
arbitrator for the purpose of determining that challenge. On the particular
facts of this case, this seems to me to be a fortiori the position where the
arbitrator who did have the benefit of oral evidence has said that he has come
to his final decision as to whether Azov is a party to the agreement with
uncertainty. …

… [T]he Court may well be at a disadvantage in deciding issues of foreign law
in the absence of oral evidence and cross-examination of the expert lawyers.
Moreover, given that the finding of [the arbitrator] as to the partisanship of
Azov’s expert cannot in any way bind the Court, it is, _I think, desirable,
where there may well be submissions before the Court as to the helpfulness of
that expert’s evidence, that the Court should have the advantage of hearing
his oral evidence for itself._

… Undoubtedly costs will be increased by an oral hearing and that hearing will
take somewhat longer, perhaps some 50 per cent. longer, than it would have
taken without oral evidence. … Nevertheless, and although there may be some
prejudice to the expeditious and economical disposal of the application by
permitting oral evidence, it seems to me that the justice of the matter
requires that I accede to Azov’s application. Ultimately a question of
justice, where it conflicts with a modest prejudice to expedition or increase
in cost, must be given greater weight. …

[emphasis added]

My views

49 From the abovementioned authorities, there can be no doubt that the court
will undertake a _de novo_ hearing of the arbitral tribunal’s decision on its
jurisdiction in an application to set aside an arbitral award on the ground of
lack of jurisdiction to hear the dispute. But that does not mean that oral
evidence and cross-examination will be allowed in every application, in
effect, turning every challenge into a complete rehearing of all that had
occurred before the arbitral tribunal. As I stated in _Insigma Technology Co
Ltd v Alstom Technology Ltd_ [2009] 1 SLR(R) 23 at [21], witnesses who had
already been heard by the tribunal will only be called back when necessary.

50 In Singapore, an application to set aside the arbitral award is made by
Originating Summons. The procedure to be followed is found in O 69A r 2 of the
Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2014 Rev Ed) (“ROC”) which provides:

**2.—**(1) Every application to a Judge —

…

(_c_) to appeal against the ruling of the arbitral tribunal under section 10
of the Act or Article 16(3) of the Model Law; or

(_d_) to set aside an award under section 24 of the Act or Article 34(2) of
the Model Law,

must be made by originating summons.

…

(4A) The affidavit in support must —

(_a_) state the grounds in support of the application;

(_b_) have exhibited to it a copy of the arbitration agreement or any record
of the content of the arbitration agreement, the award and any other document
relied on by the plaintiff;

(_c_) set out any evidence relied on by the plaintiff; and

(_d_) be served with the originating summons.

…

(4C) Within 14 days after being served with the originating summons, the
defendant, if he wishes to oppose the application, must file an affidavit
stating the grounds on which he opposes the application.

51 Order 28 r 4 of the ROC that deals with the conduct of proceedings started
by Originating Summons empowers the court to make certain directions for the
purposes of securing the “just, expeditious and economical disposal” of the
matter. One such direction is to permit oral evidence and cross-examination.
It provides:

**Directions, etc., by Court (O. 28, r. 4)**

**4.—(** 1) …

(2) Unless on the first hearing of an originating summons the Court disposes
of the originating summons altogether or orders the cause or matter begun by
it to be transferred to a District Court or makes an order under Rule 8, the
Court shall give such directions as to the further conduct of the proceedings
as it thinks best adapted to secure the just, expeditious and economical
disposal thereof.

(3) Without prejudice to the generality of paragraph (2), the Court shall, at
as early a stage of the proceedings on the originating summons as appears to
it to be practicable, consider whether there is or may be a dispute as to fact
and whether the just, expeditious and economical disposal of the proceedings
can accordingly best be secured by hearing the originating summons on oral
evidence or mainly on oral evidence and, if it thinks fit, may order that no
further evidence shall be filed and that the originating summons shall be
heard on oral evidence or partly on oral evidence and partly on affidavit
evidence, with or without cross-examination of any of the deponents, as it may
direct.

(4) Without prejudice to the generality of paragraph (2), and subject to
paragraph (3), the Court may give directions as to the filing of evidence and
as to the attendance of deponents for cross-examination and any other
directions.

52 In my view, O 69A r 2 does not envisage a _de novo_ rehearing of all the
evidence in every case of an application to set aside an award as the default
rule. Rather it contemplates that generally the matter will be resolved by way
of affidavit evidence. The plaintiff is expected to include in the affidavit
he files in support of his application, among other things, the award and “any
evidence” he seeks to rely on. The defendant is then entitled to file an
affidavit stating the grounds and evidence on which he opposes the
application. Thus, it is likely that in most cases the court would have before
it, in addition to the arbitral tribunal’s award, material such as the
official transcripts of the proceedings before the arbitral tribunal (if there
are any) and the documents the parties relied on at the arbitration. Should
the court have such a wide array of material before it, I can see no reason
why, in most cases, it would be in any worse a position than the arbitral
tribunal to make findings of fact and/or law and reach a conclusion as to the
tribunal’s jurisdiction. This would especially be so where electronically
recorded verbatim transcripts of the proceedings before the arbitral tribunal
are available. As was recently reiterated by the Court of Appeal in _Sandz
Solutions (Singapore) Pte Ltd v Strategic Worldwide Assets Ltd and others_
[2014] 3 SLR 562 (“ _Sandz Solutions_ ”) at [40] “[i]mprovements to the
record, such as verbatim transcripts that are electronically recorded” have
shrunk “some of the previously exclusive advantages of triers of fact”.
Moreover, the need to rehear the evidence is further reduced due to the Court
of Appeal’s caution that witness demeanour is often inconclusive and ought not
to be relied upon exclusively to make findings of fact: see _Sandz Solutions_
[42]–[46].

53 However, pursuant to O 28 r 4(3), the court may allow oral evidence and/or
cross-examination when it considers (a) that there is or may be a dispute as
to fact; _and_ (b) that to do so would secure the “just, expeditious and
economical” disposal of the application. In this respect, if a party considers
that the just way to deal with the application is for the oral evidence to be
re-taken, that party should at an early stage and preferably at the time he
files the application, if he is the applicant, file the affidavits of evidence
of the witnesses he intends to call and a further application to have these
witnesses and the witnesses for the other side heard and cross-examined in
court. This was not done in the present case. KSR filed a lengthy affidavit in
support of OS 530 in which he set out the course of the arbitration
proceedings and gave a description of the dispute. Attached to the affidavit
were copies of the transcripts of all the hearings before the tribunal, the
award and all the documents and correspondence produced to and by the
tribunal. Although KSR was a witness at the arbitration hearing, his affidavit
did not contain an account of all the facts that led up to the making of the
Second Shipment and the discussions between the parties regarding the Changed
Coal Specifications. It was far from an affidavit of evidence-in-chief such as
one would expect to be produced when witnesses are to be called and cross-
examined. As a result, the affidavits which the Buyer filed in reply to OS 530
were not affidavits of evidence either. When the matter came on for hearing
before me, neither party was really in a position to proceed with calling
witnesses and cross-examining them. For this purpose further orders would have
had to have been made. The Supplier had not applied for these orders prior to
the hearing.

54 If, on the appropriate application, the court has to decide whether to
allow oral evidence and cross-examination, it should be mindful that parties
would have already examined the witnesses fully once before the arbitral
tribunal. Whilst the view of the arbitrator is of no legal or evidential value
to the court, this does not mean that the court cannot assess and rely on the
evidence that was given before the tribunal. It cannot be gainsaid that a
court is fully competent to sift through transcripts of oral evidence and the
documentary evidence produced before a lower court or a tribunal and
thereafter make findings of fact on such evidence notwithstanding that the
court was not the original trier of facts. There must be a reason beyond the
existence of factual disputes to allow oral examination and cross-examination.

55 I decline to accept the suggestion in _Azov_ that the existence of
substantial disputes of fact as to whether a party has made the relevant
arbitration agreement is alone a sufficient reason to allow oral evidence
and/or cross-examination. In any event, the court in _Azov_ did not decide to
rehear the evidence purely on the fact that there were substantial factual
disputes. The court also appears to have been influenced by, among other
things, the fact that the arbitrator had himself expressed uncertainty about
his conclusion that Azov was party to the arbitration agreement and the fact
that the dispute raised issues of foreign law. The court was of the view that
it would benefit from hearing oral evidence and cross-examination of expert
witnesses to decide those issues of foreign law.

56 In a subsequent case, _Astra SA Insurance and Reinsurance Co v Sphere Drake
Insurance Ltd_ [2000] 2 Lloyd’s Rep 550 at 551, _Azov_ was applied and
witnesses were selectively recalled to give oral evidence. But in that case
too, the need to recall the witnesses appears to have been necessitated by the
unique circumstances involved. The court observed that there were “awkward and
recondite issues” involving Romanian law. Specifically, the court had to
consider the effect of a Romanian decree dissolving a state owned enterprise
and whether a private company that was established in its place was bound by a
reinsurance contract containing an arbitration agreement which the state owned
enterprise had entered into.

57 Additionally, the statement in _First Media_ that the “tribunal’s own view
of its jurisdiction has no legal or evidential value before a Court that has
to determine that question” does not mean that all that transpired before the
Tribunal should be disregarded, necessitating a full re-hearing of all the
evidence. I am of the view that it simply means that the court is at liberty
to consider the material before it, unfettered by any principle limiting its
fact-finding abilities.

58 This is in line with _Electrosteel Castings Ltd v Scan-Trans Shipping &
Chartering Sdn Bhd_ [2003] 1 Lloyd’s Rep 190 ("_Electrosteel_ ") at [22] where
the English court held that it would carry out a “re-hearing rather than
simply a review” when an arbitral award is challenged for lack of jurisdiction
under s 67 the 1996 Arbitration Act. It explained that “[t]he question for the
Court is … not whether an arbitrator was entitled to reach the decision to
which he came but whether he was correct to do so”. The suggestion appears to
be that a rehearing does not entail a _de novo_ rehearing of all the evidence.
Rather, in a rehearing, the court considers the correctness of the decision,
unfettered by any principle which would limit its discretion which would apply
when it is reviewing a decision of a lower court or tribunal.

59 Moreover, in _Electrosteel_ , the court also considered whether evidence on
rehearing should be confined to that adduced before the arbitrator. The court
came to the conclusion that parties were free to adduce new evidence because
there was no provision restricting the introduction of additional evidence on
rehearing. However, it cautioned that parties should not:

… seek two evidential bites of the cherry in disputes as to the jurisdiction
of arbitrators, not least because: (1) evidence introduced late in the day may
well attract a degree of scepticism and (2) the Court has ample power to
address such matters when dealing with questions of costs. …

I would agree with this proposition as well. There is nothing in O 69A r
2(4A)(_c_) which restricts parties from adducing new material that was not
before the arbitrator. Parties can adduce new evidence in the affidavits they
file in the Originating Summons and if there is a need, the court may order
the deponents to appear and be cross-examined on the new evidence.

60 I note that in the present case there was no attempt by the Supplier to
rely in the court proceedings on any evidence that had not been produced
before the tribunal. Further, all questions of law considered by the tribunal
were questions of Singapore law involving the interpretation of the current
IAA and the effect of the 2012 Amendment Act and the applicability of the SIAC
Rules 2010 to the arbitration agreement. These are all questions which a
Singapore court is competent to adjudicate upon without the assistance of
expert evidence.

The substantive issues before me

61 I now turn to consider the substantive issues raised by the application.
These are:

(a) Whether, in view of the fact that the Arbitrator’s decision to hear the
dispute is contained in an award which also deals with the merits of the
dispute, the Supplier can apply for relief under s 10(3) of the IAA and Art
16(3) of the Model Law.

(b) Whether the Arbitrator’s decision on jurisdiction can be impeached under
Art 34(2)(_a_)(i) of the Model Law in that there was no valid arbitration
agreement.

(c) Whether the Award can be set aside under Art 34(2)(_a_)(iv) in that the
composition of the arbitral tribunal (_ie_ , the appointment of a sole
arbitrator instead of three arbitrators) or the arbitral procedure (_ie_ , the
Expedited Procedure) was not in accordance with the agreement of the parties.

The applicability of s 10(3) of the IAA and Art 16 of the Model Law

62 The provisions that are relevant to this issue are set out here:

**Appeal on ruling of jurisdiction**

**10.—**(1) This section shall have effect notwithstanding Article 16(3) of
the Model Law.

(2) An arbitral tribunal may rule on a plea that it has no jurisdiction at any
stage of the arbitral proceedings.

(3) If the arbitral tribunal rules —

(_a_) on a plea as a preliminary question that it has jurisdiction; or

(_b_) on a plea at any stage of the arbitral proceedings that it has no
jurisdiction,

any party may, within 30 days after having received notice of that ruling,
apply to the High Court to decide the matter.

(4) An appeal from the decision of the High Court made under Article 16(3) of
the Model Law or this section shall lie to the Court of Appeal only with the
leave of the High Court.

(5) There shall be no appeal against a refusal for grant of leave of the High
Court.

…

**_Article 16. Competence of arbitral tribunal to rule on its jurisdiction_**

(1) The arbitral tribunal may rule on its own jurisdiction, including any
objections with respect to the existence or validity of the arbitration
agreement. For that purpose, an arbitration clause which forms part of a
contract shall be treated as an agreement independent of the other terms of
the contract. A decision by the arbitral tribunal that the contract is null
and void shall not entail _ipso jure_ the invalidity of the arbitration
clause.

(2) A plea that the arbitral tribunal does not have jurisdiction shall be
raised not later than the submission of the statement of defence. A party is
not precluded from raising such a plea by the fact that he has appointed, or
participated in the appointment of, an arbitrator. A plea that the arbitral
tribunal is exceeding the scope of its authority shall be raised as soon as
the matter alleged to be beyond the scope of its authority is raised during
the arbitral proceedings. The arbitral tribunal may, in either case, admit a
later plea if it considers the delay justified.

(3) The arbitral tribunal may rule on a plea referred to in paragraph (2) of
this Article either as a preliminary question or in an award on the merits. If
the arbitral tribunal rules as a preliminary question that it has
jurisdiction, any party may request, within thirty days after having received
notice of that ruling, the court specified in Article 6 to decide the matter,
which decision shall be subject to no appeal; while such a request is pending,
the arbitral tribunal may continue the arbitral proceedings and make an award.

The parties’ arguments

63 The Supplier argues that it is entitled to the relief under s 10(3) of the
IAA and/or Art 16(3) of the Model Law notwithstanding the fact that the
Arbitrator’s decision on his jurisdiction to hear the dispute is contained in
an award which also deals with the merits of the dispute. The Supplier
considers that the Arbitrator’s declaration on 22 November 2013, after
consulting with both parties, that proceedings had been brought to a close in
respect of the questions of jurisdiction and liability makes no difference to
its right to rely on those provisions. It makes the following arguments in
support:

(a) There is nothing in either s 10(3) of the IAA or Art 16(3) of the Model
Law which restricts the availability of relief under those provisions to
instances where an arbitral tribunal’s preliminary ruling deals _only_ with
the issue of its jurisdiction. All that is required is that there should be a
decision on jurisdiction in a preliminary ruling and it does not matter if
that decision is contained in an award which also deals with some of the
merits of the dispute.

(b) It was the Buyer who requested the arbitration hearing to be split into
two tranches and proposed that issues relating to jurisdiction and liability
be considered together first because they were intertwined and for the quantum
of damages to be separately decided later if necessary. The Arbitrator split
the hearing into two tranches with the understanding that the Supplier could
challenge his ruling on jurisdiction, if necessary, before the arbitration
proceeded.

64 The Buyer argues that as a matter of law, relief under s 10(3) of the IAA
and/or Art 16(3) of the Model Law is not available when the award deals with
the merits of the dispute. Therefore it does not matter that the Arbitrator
may have thought he was making an award exclusively on the preliminary
question of his jurisdiction. The Buyer argues that this is evident from the
_travaux préparatoires_ of the Model Law.

Analysis and decision

(1) Supplier’s entitlement to relief under Art 16(3)

65 A review of the drafting history of the Model Law makes clear that the
drafters did not intend an award that deals with the merits of the dispute
(however marginally) to be subject to challenge under Art 16(3) of the Model
Law. Article 16(3) embodies the compromise the drafters eventually reached
between two competing policy considerations concerning the issue of when
courts should exercise control over the arbitral tribunal’s decision on its
jurisdiction. On the one hand, allowing courts to rule on pleas as to the
arbitral tribunal’s jurisdiction early would prevent undue waste of time and
money in conducting an unnecessary arbitration. However, the availability of
such a challenge could also be abused by a party for purposes of delay or
obstruction and therefore it may be more desirable to defer court control
until after the arbitral tribunal has issued its award (_ie_ , in a proceeding
to set aside an eventual award): see _Report of the United Nations Commission
on International Trade Law on the Work of its Eighteenth Session_ (A/40/17,
3­­–21 June 1985) at paras 158–157.

66 The Working Group on International Contract Practices (“Working Group”)
considered a wide variety of proposals relating to court control. One
permutation gave the court concurrent power to rule on pleas as to the
arbitral tribunal’s jurisdiction, either when considering whether to refer a
matter to arbitration or in response to a specific request for a declaration
that the arbitral tribunal lacks jurisdiction and also granted the court power
to order the stay of the arbitral proceedings while the issue of jurisdiction
was pending before the court: see draft Art 8 (Arbitration agreement and
substantive claim before court) and draft Art 17 (Concurrent court control)
reproduced in Yearbook of the United Nations Commission on International Trade
Law, 1984, vol XV at pp 221 and 223 (“UNCITRAL Yearbook vol XV”). However,
direct consideration of the tribunal’s ruling on jurisdiction was still
postponed to the setting aside proceedings: see draft Art 16(3) reproduced in
UNCITRAL Yearbook vol XV at pp 222–223.

67 The UNCITRAL Secretariat then suggested that Arts 16(3) and 17 were “from a
substantive point of view and for all practical purposes … in conflict with
each other”: _Composite draft text of a model law on international commercial
arbitration: some comments and suggestions for consideration: note by the
secretariat_ (A/CN.9/WG.II/WP.50, 16 December 1983) at para 18 reproduced in
UNCITRAL Yearbook vol XV at p 232. The Working Group’s final draft attempted
to resolve this apparent conflict by limiting early court control. Under its
final proposal, a court could still consider the jurisdiction of the tribunal
in considering whether a substantive claim should be referred to arbitration.
However, a party could no longer bring an action merely to seek a ruling on
the arbitral tribunal’s jurisdiction (_ie_ , the abovementioned draft Art 17
was deleted). Additionally, the court could not order a stay of arbitral
proceedings and direct consideration of the tribunal’s finding on its
jurisdiction by the court was still deferred to the setting aside proceedings:
_Report of the Working Group on the Work of its Seventh Session_ (A/CN.9/246,
6 March 1984) at paras 20–23 and 49­–56; reproduced in UNCITRAL Yearbook vol
XV at pp 192 and 195–196).

68 The Commission, having considered the proposal of the Working Group, struck
a compromise between the two competing policy considerations in the following
manner. It allowed the tribunal to choose between deciding the issue of its
jurisdiction in a preliminary ruling which would be subject to instant court
control or in a procedural decision which may be contested only in an action
for setting aside the award. Therefore, the tribunal was empowered to assess
whether there was a greater risk of dilatory tactics or a possibility of time
and costs being wasted by carrying out an unnecessary arbitration and decide
whether it should make its decision on jurisdiction open to immediate court
control. The learned authors of _A Guide to the UNCITRAL Model Law on
International Commercial Arbitration: Legislative History and Commentary_
(Kluwer Law and Taxation, 1989), Howard M Holtzmann and Joseph E Neuhaus,
describe the mode of court control that was finally adopted in the following
terms (at p 486):

First, under Article 8 a court may decide a jurisdictional objection in the
course of deciding whether to refer a substantive claim before it to
arbitration. During the pendency of this question before the court, the
arbitral tribunal has discretion to continue the proceedings. _Second, under
Article 16, the arbitral tribunal has a choice whether to decide a
jurisdictional question preliminarily or only in the final award. If it issues
a preliminary ruling, that is subject to immediate review by a court.
Otherwise, review must wait for a setting aside proceeding._ The advantage of
this procedure is that the arbitral tribunal can assess in each case and with
regard to each jurisdictional question whether the risk of dilatory tactics is
greater than the danger of wasting money and time in a useless arbitration.
The dangers of delay in the arbitration while the court is reviewing a
preliminary ruling are further reduced by provision of short time period for
seeking court review, finality in the court’s decision, and discretion in the
arbitral tribunal to continue the proceedings while the court review is going
on. These procedures … allow the tribunal to postpone decision of frivolous or
dilatory objections, or ones that are difficult to separate from the merits of
the case.

[emphasis added]

69 From the above, it should be apparent that relief under Art 16(3) is not
available when a party seeks to set aside a ruling which is predominantly on
jurisdiction but also marginally deals with the merits because that is simply
not the purpose that the drafters intended Art 16(3) to serve. In such
situations, the dissatisfied party can seek to set aside the award pursuant to
s 3(1) of the IAA read with the relevant limbs of Art 34(2) of the Model Law.
That would be the obvious and more appropriate remedy. This sentiment is
expressed in the _Analytical Commentary on Draft Text of a Model Law on
International Commercial Arbitration_ (A/CN.9/264, 25 March 1985) at p 40:

… Where a ruling by the arbitral tribunal that it has jurisdiction is,
exceptionally, included in an award on the merits, it is obvious that the
judicial control of that ruling would be exercised upon an application by the
objecting party for the setting aside of the award. …

(2) Supplier’s entitlement to relief under s 10 of the IAA

70 The Supplier also argues that the difference in wording between s 10 of the
IAA and Art 16(3) of the Model Law means that it is entitled to challenge the
Award under the former even if it is precluded from doing so under the latter.
In particular, it points out that under s 10, a tribunal may rule on a plea
that it has no jurisdiction “at any stage of the arbitral proceedings”.
However, this argument is not sustainable. As noted in _Arbitration in
Singapore: A Practical Guide_ (Sundaresh Menon CJ gen ed) (Sweet & Maxwell,
2014) at para 3.084, s 10 of the IAA modifies Art 16 of the Model Law in so
far as it:

(a) allows parties to apply to the High Court for reviews of negative
jurisdictional rulings by arbitral tribunals; and

(b) allows decisions of the High Court on reviews of jurisdiction to be
appealed to the Court of Appeal with leave of the High Court.

These modifications are immaterial for present purposes. The fact that the
tribunal may rule on its own jurisdiction “at any stage of the arbitral
proceedings” deals with the issue of when such a determination can be made
rather than the question of the form that the tribunal’s ruling is to take.
The form that the ruling takes determines the question of whether it is
amenable to be reviewed by a supervisory court pursuant to Art 16(3) of the
Model Law. As explained above, only a preliminary ruling on jurisdiction can
be challenged under Art 16(3) of the Model Law.

Conclusion

71 For the abovementioned reasons, I hold that the Supplier cannot rely on s
10(3) of the IAA and/or Art 16(3) of the Model Law to set aside an award that
also deals with the merits of the dispute. Therefore, I dismiss the Supplier’s
First Prayer.

Was there a valid arbitration agreement?

72 It was established in _First Media_ that an applicant can seek to set aside
an award pursuant to Art 34(2)(_a_)(i) of the Model Law on the basis that
there was no valid arbitration agreement. The Court of Appeal held in that
case that the language in the Article, _viz_ , “the said [arbitration]
agreement is not valid under the law to which the parties have subjected it”
covers the contention that no arbitration agreement existed at all because the
parties had never concluded one. In the overwhelming majority of cases the
basis of such a contention would be that the parties had never entered into
contractual relations at all.

73 Before me the Supplier contends, as it had before the Arbitrator, that no
arbitration agreement had come into existence because:

(a) No valid and binding contract for the Second Shipment (based on the
specifications and terms of the First Shipment) was formed on 8 December 2009.

(b) Parties intended that the 8 December 2009 agreement must be “subject to
contract” before it became binding.

74 It further contends that even if there was a valid and binding contract for
the Second Shipment, there was no valid arbitration agreement which satisfied
s 2(1) of the version of the IAA in force in December 2009 (“IAA 2009”).

Evidence relating to the formation of the Second Shipment

75 Three persons gave evidence in the arbitration proceedings in relation to
the alleged formation of the Second Shipment. They were, on behalf of the
Supplier, KSR; and on behalf of the Buyer, MM, and its expert witness PG, a
geologist and owner and director of a coal-mining company.

76 KSR affirmed that at the material time he was the only person authorised to
agree to cargo specifications and contract terms on behalf of the Supplier.
The other employees of the Supplier performed operational and administrative
roles only. KSR stated that the negotiations for the first and second
shipments of coal began around 22 November 2009 when MM called him to ask for
the specifications of coal that the Supplier could provide. The negotiations
proceeded on the basis that the specifications and contractual terms for each
shipment would be the same. He stated that from 25 November 2009 to 7 December
2009, the parties exchanged numerous emails to discuss the exact cargo
specifications and contract terms for the first shipment. Since KSR was the
only person with authority, whenever the Buyer asked for changes to the
contractual terms or specification it would ask for KSR’s approval or
agreement.

77 KSR averred that it was normal business practice in the Indonesian coal
trade that there was no binding contract until a contract was signed by the
contracting parties. This was how he had been doing business in Indonesia
prior to and after these transactions with the Buyer. This practice was also
reflected in cl 2 of the First Shipment. Hence, he asserted the parties
operated on the basis that there would be no valid or binding contract until
and unless a written contract was actually signed by the parties.

78 KSR went on to give details of the signing of the contractual document for
the First Shipment. This was signed by him on 9 December 2009 at 1420 hours
and countersigned by the Buyer at 1615 hours the same day. He noted that while
the negotiations for the First Shipment were concluded on 7 December 2009, the
Second Shipment was still being discussed at that time. He then said that
there was a dinner meeting in Jakarta on 7 December 2009 during which the
parties discussed only the price and laycan for the Second Shipment and
therefore he assumed that the cargo specifications and contract terms would be
the same as for the First Shipment. In the course of this meeting, it was
agreed that the laycan and price for the Second Shipment would be 15 to 25
January 2010 and US$56/mt respectively. Significantly, KSR stated “although
price had been agreed, during this meeting I also raised the possibility of a
price increase of $0.50”. It should be noted also that in his witness
statement, KSR said that he had discussed possibility of the price increase
with MM’s father, MCM, the founder and managing director of the Buyer.

79 I should point out that KSR subsequently accepted that there was no dinner
meeting in Jakarta on 7 December 2009 and that all his discussions had been
over the phone and by e-mail with MM. A dinner meeting in Jakarta did take
place but this was on 16 December 2009 and the discussions conducted then were
in respect of the Changed Cargo Specifications, not the laycan for the Second
Shipment.

80 MM’s evidence was that he had been the one negotiating by telephone and
e-mail with KSR about the price and the shipment laycans for the two
shipments. On or about 23–24 November 2009, both of them had agreed on the
price of US$56/mt for both shipments. The laycan remained to be agreed. MM
considered that the First Shipment contract was concluded on about 4 December
2009 and he subsequently prepared the execution version, using a format
supplied by his sub-buyer, and sent it to KSR by e-mail. According to MM’s
witness statement, on 8 December 2009, as the parties had concluded the First
Shipment contract, he spoke with KSR on the telephone about the Second
Shipment. They had already agreed on the price of US$56/mt and they maintained
that agreement during the telephone conversation. They also agreed that the
specifications would be the same as the Buyer had already provided, and the
detailed terms would follow those of the First Shipment. They discussed the
laycan and came to an agreement that this would be 15–25 January 2010.
According to MM, following that telephone conversation, he believed and
understood that the Buyer and the Supplier had concluded a contract for the
Second Shipment with a price of US$56/mt and the laycan as stated earlier.

81 As regards the practice in the Indonesian coal trade, MM refuted what had
been asserted by the Buyer. He said that the Buyer had been actively involved
in the Indonesian coal market for nearly ten years and he himself had seven
years’ experience of that market. In his experience, there was no “normal
business practice”, that a signed contract was required before the buyer and
seller could become legally bound. In his experience, contracts were treated
as binding once the parties had expressly confirmed their agreement to the
main terms whether orally or by e-mail. A signed full form contract usually
comes later.

82 It should also be noted that the expert opinion given by PG was that it was
standard practice in the Indonesian coal market for binding commitments to be
made before a formal contract document was prepared and signed. Those
agreements were often made verbally or by e-mail. The stage at which a formal
contract document is signed would vary, usually depending on how sophisticated
the parties were. He added that in his experience of coal trading in Indonesia
in the preceding 15 years, he had not heard of any “normal practice” that
agreements were not binding until a signed contract document was in place and
he considered that there was no such practice.

83 In the analysis of whether the parties had agreed to be bound on 8 December
2009, it is important to look at the e-mails that passed between them
thereafter and the statements that they made during cross-examination. The
Supplier’s position was somewhat difficult to understand. First, it accepted
in its statement of defence that by 8 December 2009, “the main terms of the
Second Shipment contract had been agreed”. Secondly, in his witness statement,
KSR said that during his telephone conversation with MM on 8 December 2009 he
raised the possibility of a price increase of US$0.50. Thirdly, he asserted
that if the Buyer had sent the Supplier a contract for the Second Shipment
(based on the specifications and terms of the First Shipment) on 9 December
2009, he was prepared to sign the contract immediately and perform it. During
cross-examination, KSR accepted that the “second shipment I was already
committed as per the original terms of the 7th” and he also said “So whatever
contract, whatever my email of 8 December was there, which was on the basis of
the 7 December specification, I was binding by that”. This was not the
language of someone who considered that a valid contract had yet to come into
existence.

84 The e-mail of 8 December 2009 to which KSR referred in his evidence was
sent by him to MM at 2.10pm that day and read as follows:

This refers to our discussion on date for 2nd shipment of 6361. _We confirm
the same during the laycan of 15-25 Jan 2010._

_Though on verbal basis I had agreed for price of 56.0 USD PMT but would
appreciate if the price is 56.50 USD for second shipment_ as the quantity is
large and high CV prices are showing an upward trend. _I leave the option to
you on this_ ; also as discussed try to convince for appointment of Mitra SK
as a surveyor for at least the second shipment the reason is because of their
presence in China.

Please liason [_sic_] with Suresh and Anuncia of my team for coordinating on
contract and LC for both first and second shipment.

[emphasis added]

85 In his witness statement, KSR stated that in the e-mail above he had asked
the Buyer to liaise with Suresh and Anuncia “ _for coordinating on contract
and LC for both first and second shipment_ [_sic_]” because at that time the
Supplier operated on the basis that there was no valid and binding contract
until the formal contract had been signed. KSR completely omitted any comment
on the earlier portions of his e-mail which appeared to indicate that there
was a binding contract. At the opening of the second paragraph of the e-mail
he had asked for a change of price to US$56.50 although he accepted that “ _I
had agreed_ ” to US$56 and then he went on to say “ _I leave the option to
you_ ” meaning that he was leaving it to MM to accept or reject the increase
in price. It is significant that KSR did not say to MM that he had changed his
mind on price and that if the Buyer wanted the Second Shipment to proceed, it
had to accept the new price of $56.50 specified by the Supplier. Whatever KSR
may have said subsequently, his e-mail indicates to me that on 8 December 2009
he thought he was bound to observe the agreed price unless and until the Buyer
accepted his new proposal.

86 Also, contrary to what KSR asserted was the meaning of the last paragraph
of the 8 December 2009 e-mail, I consider that the Buyer’s interpretation of
the same is more consistent with what was going on. By that last sentence, KSR
was asking the Buyer to contact his staff members, Suresh and Anuncia, about
formally executing the contract documents and finalising the terms of the
letters of credit because both the First and Second Shipments were now agreed
contracts and the necessary bank procedures had to be put in place for the
transactions to be accomplished. He was not saying that there would be no
concluded Second Shipment until the formal contract document was signed.

87 Further, e-mails were sent subsequently by MM to KSR which clearly conveyed
that the Buyer thought that there was already a contract in place for the
Second Shipment although no formal document had been signed. On 15 December
2009, MM asked KSR “Can we accept the following changes in the 2nd contract as
per what is being proposed by my buyer”. KSR replied the same day that the
sub-buyer was being “too fussy” and that the Supplier could not “meet to any
of his interested [_sic_] requirement at this stage”. Plainly, on 15 December
2009, the Supplier was not prepared to agree to any changes in a contract
which had already been finalised. KSR did not say that there was no contract.
At that stage, obviously, he expected the Buyer to perform the Second Shipment
on the original terms.

88 Two days later, the parties were in communication about a possible third
shipment. On 17 December 2009, KSR wrote to MM stating that it was
“impossible” for the Supplier to carry out the third shipment. He said also
that if the Supplier “commit[ted] then there would be reasonably high chances
of failing in my commitment”. KSR recognised the difference between being
committed and not being committed and was not willing to commit to the third
transaction. He never said in such unambiguous terms that the Supplier was not
committed and could not commit to the Second Shipment.

89 KSR also mentioned a telephone conversation which he had with MM on 11
December 2009. He said that MM had asked him to agree to certain changes to
the specifications for the coal in the Second Shipment. He was not receptive
to this request and reminded MM that the parties had already verbally agreed
to the cargo specifications. When asked about this conversation during cross-
examination, KSR said:

I had definitely mentioned that we had already agreed for the specification. I
had already agreed and I cannot accept any changes from here onwards.

To my mind, this evidence was just another indication of KSR’s state of mind
at the material time. He did not consider that parties were negotiating and
terms could be freely changed; he thought there was a binding contract in
place from which the parties could not walk away.

90 Before me, the Supplier submitted that it was significant that the Buyer
never sent the Supplier a written contract for the Second Shipment which was
based on the original specifications and terms. This had been confirmed by MM
during cross-examination. He further confirmed that the Buyer had never asked
the Supplier to perform the Second Shipment based on the original
specifications and terms. In the Supplier’s submission, this showed that the
Buyer never believed that the Second Shipment became contractually binding
before any document was signed.

91 I do not accept that submission. MM explained, while being cross-examined,
that he thought there was no urgency in procuring the signature of the formal
contract for the Second Shipment because the urgency then was to have the
terms of the letter of credit for the First Shipment agreed so that the bank
arrangements could be made to pay for the First Shipment. Once the terms of
the letter of credit had been agreed for the First Shipment, the second letter
of credit would be almost identical to the first one with, at the most, some
small changes. Whilst MM’s reasoning for not preparing the second contract
quickly may seem rather weak, the fact remains that on the day the Second
Shipment was concluded, KSR had asked for a change in price and shortly
thereafter the intended sub-buyer was asking for some other changes to the
contract which MM was trying to persuade the Supplier to agree to. Further,
the contract for the First Shipment was signed by both parties on 9 December
2009 and that provided a written record of the agreed terms of the Second
Shipment as well. In these circumstances, the urgency to have the contract for
the Second Shipment signed cannot have been apparent. I am satisfied, however,
that from 8 December 2009 onwards, the Buyer considered the Second Shipment to
be a binding contract. It is significant that on 18 December 2009 when MM was
under the impression that the Supplier had agreed to the Changed Coal
Specifications, he agreed to the revised price of US$56.50/mt and incorporated
both the Changed Coal Specifications and the revised price into the written
contract and sent it to the Supplier for signature. Although MM did not
expressly state so, it appears to me that he did withhold agreement to the
change in price until he thought he had an agreement from the Supplier on the
Changed Coal Specifications. This action does not, however, imply that the
Buyer had any doubts about the existence and validity of the contract for the
Second Shipment.

92 Having considered all the evidence, both the contemporaneous e-mail
correspondence and the statements from the witnesses both on paper and during
cross-examination, I have concluded that once parties agreed on the main
terms, they intended and recognised that these terms were binding on both of
them and could not be changed without the other party’s consent. From 8
December 2009 onwards, both parties acted as if there was a binding contract
in place, notwithstanding that they had not yet signed a formal document. It
was not until about mid-January 2010 that the Supplier clearly refuted the
existence of a contract.

93 I will now go on to consider whether there was any other reason why a
contract could not come into being despite the parties’ verbal agreement.

Practice in Indonesian coal market and cl 2 of the contract document

94 The Supplier submits that the parties’ intention that the 8 December 2009
verbal agreement must be “subject to contract” before it becomes binding was
evident from the inclusion of cl 2 in the First Shipment contract which was a
clause which was intended to appear in the Second Shipment contract as well.
Further, the evidence of PG supported the Supplier’s argument that it was in
line with commercial practice and expectation for the 8 December 2009
agreement to be “subject to contract”.

95 In relation to PG’s evidence, the Supplier relies on his statement that
companies with strong corporate governance would not book barges until a
signed contract was in place. This was clarified during cross-examination as
follows:

Q:But when you say “a signed contract is in place”, are you saying it is a
signed contract in place between Adaro and the mines or Adaro and the buyer?

A:I’m saying a signed contract in place between Adaro and the buyer. Only when
that’s in place will the corporate governance that Adaro operates under allow
the particular managers to contract barges and to direct coal towards that
contract.

96 The Supplier submits that based on PG’s evidence, companies with a strong
governance procedure would only start performing when the contract is signed.
The Buyer had recognised that the Supplier was a “reliable and reputable”
supplier. Further, MM had agreed that KSR had to approve the changes in the
contractual document before his Singapore office could sign off on the
document.

97 I consider the Supplier’s reliance on PG’s evidence to be misplaced. As
stated in [82] above, PG was clear in his witness statement that there was no
practice in the Indonesian coal market under which oral contracts were
regarded as not binding. On the contrary, he specified that it was standard
practice for binding commitments to be made (whether verbally or by e-mail or
letter) before a formal contract document is prepared and signed. These
assertions on the part of PG were not challenged by the Supplier in cross-
examination at all. As far as PG’s reference to strong corporate governance of
some companies insisting that signed contracts be in place before action to
perform the contract is taken, it is notable that in his expert report he did
not put the Supplier and the Buyer into that category of companies. Instead,
his understanding was that the parties to the Second Shipment fell into the
bracket of companies where buyer and seller agreed on main terms and
conditions of the sale and then began the process of assembling cargoes and
chartering barges and vessels prior to the contract document being signed.
Further, what he said about companies like Adaro was simply a comment
elaborating on his observation that the stage at which parties would go on to
produce a formal signed contract depended on the corporate governance
practices in place in their own organisations. The Supplier did not adduce any
independent evidence of the practice and procedure in the Indonesian coal
market.

98 In relation to the Supplier’s own position, it should be noted that KSR
never asserted that he always required a formal contract to be signed before
he considered a binding contract to have come into force. What he said was
that he had operated on the basis of “no contract until signed or there was a
written confirmation or approval from both parties” and also “no contract
until it has been signed, or e-mailed confirmation from both parties”. In line
with this evidence, he later accepted that his e-mail confirmation “OK noted
go ahead” in an e-mail sent on 4 December 2009 in relation to the First
Shipment was sufficient to create a valid and binding contract for the First
Shipment. On KSR’s evidence, the Supplier itself had no settled practice that
a contract could not exist until a formal written document was signed.

99 The Buyer submits contemplations of a written contract _per se_ do not
preclude the existence of a binding oral contract, and the issue is ultimately
a matter of construction of the documentary evidence as well as the
interpretation of the objective intention of the parties. When the
communications between the parties do not state expressly the phrase “subject
to contract”, it is a question of construction whether the parties intended
that the terms agreed upon should merely be put into form or be subject to a
new agreement the terms of which are not expressed in detail: _OCBC Capital
Investment Asia Ltd v Wong Hua Choon_ [2012] 2 SLR 311 at [21] and [28]. I
accept this submission.

100 In this case, though the words “subject to contract” were not used, the
Supplier relied on cl 2 of the First Shipment contract as having a similar
effect:

2\. TERM OF CONTRACT

The parties hereby agree that the term of this Contract shall commence from
the date of signing of this Contract until the sale and delivery of the
contracted quantity under this Contract has been fully performed by the
parties and all the obligations with respect to this Contract have been fully
completed or until both parties mutually agree to terminate this Contract,
whichever comes earlier.

101 It should be noted that cl 2 was in the written contract from the time
that a draft was sent to the Supplier on 30 November 2009. It had been taken
wholesale from the Buyer’s sub-buyer’s form and in the negotiations that
followed between the Supplier and the Buyer, neither commented upon it at all.
The Arbitrator considered that cl 2 was not a “subject to contract” provision.
Instead, he construed it as providing for the duration of the contract. This
conclusion was based on the finding that there was no business practice in the
Indonesian coal trade that a contract would not be concluded until a written
contract was signed and also the fact that neither party ever said that the
discussions on the Second Shipment would be “subject to contract” or that cl 2
would have such an effect. I agree that in the factual matrix in which cl 2
was produced, it is a “duration of contract” term rather than a “subject to
contract term”. I would point out that it makes no logical sense for a term of
the formal written document which both parties intend to sign to be a “subject
to contract” clause. If cl 2 had the effect for which the Supplier contends,
it would be of null effect until the contract was signed, whereupon a
significant part of it would immediately become redundant.

102 On this issue, I consider the Arbitrator’s reasoning to be sound. I agree
that in all the circumstances that were present during the negotiations for
both the First Shipment and the Second Shipment, the parties understood that a
binding contract could be formed prior to the signing of a formal document. As
I had previously mentioned, KSR had accepted that a contract could be
concluded by e-mail alone. One other indication of the Supplier’s state of
mind was that in its Statement of Defence it had said at para 14 that the
contract for the First Shipment “was concluded on 7 December 2009”. It would
be recalled that the formal contract for the First Shipment was not signed
until 9 December 2009.

103 The court, like the Arbitrator, has to construe the contract in the
context of what occurred at the material time. There was no material before
the Arbitrator or before the court that could lead to any conclusion other
than that the parties did not negotiate on a “subject to contract” basis.

Conclusion on formation

104 I am satisfied that a valid and binding contract for the Second Shipment
was formed on 8 December 2009 and that the terms of the same were, apart from
the laycan, identical to the terms of the First Shipment contract.

Was the arbitration agreement “in writing”?

105 Clause 16 of the First Shipment contract, which was orally imported into
the Second Shipment contract, reads:

16\. ARBITRATION

Any dispute, difference or disagreement between the parties arising under or
in relation to this Contract, including (but not limited to) any dispute,
difference or disagreement as to the meaning of the terms of this Contract or
any failure to agree on any matter required to be agreed upon under this
Contract shall, if possible, be resolved by negotiation and mutual agreement
by the parties within 30 (thirty) days. Should no agreement be reached, then
the dispute shall be finally settled by arbitration upon the written request
of either party hereto in accordance with the rules of conciliation and
arbitration of the Singapore International Arbitration Centre (SIAC) by three
arbitrators in English Language. The result of all such arbitration shall be
final and binding for the parties and for all purposes.

106 However, the Supplier argues that the arbitration agreement is not valid
because it was not in writing as required by s 2(1) of the IAA 2009. The
relevant part of s 2(1) of the IAA 2009 reads:

“arbitration agreement” means an agreement in writing referred to in Article 7
of the Model Law and includes an agreement deemed or constituted under
subsection (3) or (4).

Article 7 of the Model Law provides:

**_Article 7. Definition and form of arbitration agreement_**

(1) “Arbitration agreement” is an agreement by the parties to submit to
arbitration all or certain disputes which have arisen or which may arise
between them in respect of a defined legal relationship, whether contractual
or not. An arbitration agreement may be in the form of an arbitration clause
in a contract or in the form of a separate agreement.

(2) The arbitration agreement shall be in writing. An agreement is in writing
if it is contained in a document signed by the parties or in an exchange of
letters, telex, telegrams or other means of telecommunication which provide a
record of the agreement, or in an exchange of statements of claim and defence
in which the existence of an agreement is alleged by one party and not denied
by another. The reference in a contract to a document containing an
arbitration clause constitutes an arbitration agreement provided that the
contract is in writing and the reference is such as to make that clause part
of the contract.

107 The Buyer on the other hand argues that s 2A of the current IAA governs
the issue of the validity of the arbitration agreement. Section 2A was added
when the IAA was amended by the 2012 Amendment Act. The definition of
arbitration agreement contained in s 2(1) of the IAA 2009 was deleted and
replaced with that contained in s 2A. The result of this amendment was to
expand the definition of “in writing” to refer to the content of the
arbitration agreement being recorded in any form so that if this requirement
was met, it would not matter if the contract itself was oral. The relevant
parts of s 2A state:

**Definition and form of arbitration agreement**

**2A.** —(1) In this Act, “arbitration agreement” means an agreement by the
parties to submit to arbitration all or certain disputes which have arisen or
which may arise between them in respect of a defined legal relationship,
whether contractual or not.

(2) An arbitration agreement may be in the form of an arbitration clause in a
contract or in the form of a separate agreement.

(3) An arbitration agreement shall be in writing.

(4) An arbitration agreement is in writing if its content is recorded in any
form, whether or not the arbitration agreement or contract has been concluded
orally, by conduct or by other means.

(5) The requirement that an arbitration agreement shall be in writing is
satisfied by an electronic communication if the information contained therein
is accessible so as to be useable for subsequent reference.

…

(9) Article 7 of the Model Law shall not apply to this section.

(1) Version of the IAA which governs the validity of the arbitration agreement

108 The Buyer argues that the IAA 2009 does not apply to determine the
validity of the arbitration agreement. Instead, the current IAA which came
into force on 1 June 2012 applies because of s 12 of the 2012 Amendment Act
which in gist states that the current IAA applies to all arbitral proceedings
commenced on or after 1 June 2012. That section provides:

**Transitional provision**

**12.** —(1) This Act shall apply to arbitral proceedings commenced on or
after the date of commencement of this Act but the parties may in writing
agree that this Act shall apply to arbitral proceedings commenced before that
date.

(2) Notwithstanding subsection (1), where the arbitral proceedings were
commenced before the date of commencement of this Act, the law governing the
arbitration agreement and the arbitration shall be the law which would have
applied if this Act had not been enacted.

(3) For the purposes of this section, arbitral proceedings are to be taken as
having commenced on the date of the receipt by the Supplier of a request for
the dispute to be referred to arbitration, or where the parties have agreed in
writing that any other date is to be taken as the date of commencement of the
arbitral proceedings, then on that date.

The Buyer points out that the arbitration was commenced on 21 March 2013.
Therefore, the current IAA should apply.

109 The Supplier argues that IAA 2009 should govern the validity of the
arbitration agreement for two reasons. First, it maintains that the 2012
Amendment Act merely amended the then existing version of the IAA (_ie_ , the
version of IAA which came into force on 1 January 2010 (“IAA 2010”)) and not
the IAA 2009. Therefore, it argues that the definition of arbitration
agreement contained in s 2(1) of the IAA 2009 continues to apply.

110 In my judgment, the Supplier’s first argument is not sustainable. The
definition of arbitration agreement contained in s 2(1) of the IAA 2009 was
amended by the International Arbitration (Amendment) Act 2009 (Act 26 of
2009). Hence, the definition of arbitration agreement contained in s 2(1) of
the IAA 2009 ceased to be applicable as of 1 January 2010, when the IAA 2010
came into force. Thereafter, the sole applicable definition of arbitration
agreement was contained in s 2(1) of the IAA 2010 which also contained a
similar writing requirement. However, as previously mentioned, this was
deleted by the 2012 Amendment Act and replaced with s 2A of the current
version of the IAA which is applicable to all arbitral proceedings commenced
on or after 1 June 2012.

111 Second, the Supplier argues that it should continue to have the benefit of
being able to rely on the definition of an arbitration agreement contained in
s 2(1) of the IAA 2009 notwithstanding any subsequent amendments to that
definition because of the principle against the retrospective application of
laws which is codified in s 16(1)(_c_) of the Interpretation Act (Cap 1, 2002
Rev Ed). That section provides:

**Effect of repeal**

**16.** —(1) Where a written law repeals in whole or in part any other written
law, then, unless the contrary intention appears, the repeal shall not —

...

(_c_) affect any right, privilege, obligation or liability acquired, accrued
or incurred under any written law so repealed

…

The Supplier does not specifically identify its “right, privilege or
obligation” that was affected by a subsequent written law. However, it appears
that the Supplier is arguing that as at 23 December 2009, it had a right to
resist arbitration on the basis that there was no valid arbitration agreement
as per the requirements set out in s 2(1) of the IAA 2009. The subsequent
amendment to the IAA in 2012 relaxing the writing requirement had the effect
of depriving the Supplier of that right and therefore s 16(1)(_c_) of the
Interpretation Act has been triggered.

112 There is a question as to whether the ability to resist arbitration on the
basis that the arbitration agreement did not satisfy the “in writing”
requirement set out in s 2(1) of the IAA 2009 can even be properly
characterised as a “right” within the meaning of s 16(1)(_c_) of the
Interpretation Act. The parties, however, did not deal with that question and,
in the absence of full submissions, it would not be right for me to express an
opinion on it. I therefore proceed on an assumption, not a decision, that such
ability would amount to a right.

113 In my opinion, however, this assumption does not help the Supplier. First,
it is evident from the wording of s 16(1)(_c_) of the Interpretation Act that
the section is only triggered when existing or accrued rights are affected by
subsequent legislation. In the present case, it cannot be said that the
Supplier had an entitlement to rely on the writing requirements set out in s
2(1) of the IAA 2009 to resist arbitration before the IAA was amended in 2012.
The entitlement to resist arbitration on the grounds that the arbitration
agreement was invalid only arose when arbitral proceedings were commenced
against the Supplier on 21 March 2013. This was well after the current IAA had
come into force. Thus, the right had not accrued when the IAA was amended in
2012.

114 Secondly, even if the right had accrued by the time the IAA was amended in
2012, s 16(1)(_c_) of the Interpretation Act is not applicable because s 12 of
the 2012 Amendment Act evinces an intention to deprive parties of any rights
that may have accrued to them under the prior versions of the IAA in force
before 1 June 2012. This is evident from the stipulation in s 12(1) of the
2012 Amendment Act that the current version of the IAA shall apply to all
arbitral proceedings commenced on or after 1 June 2012.

115 In the result, the issue of the validity of the arbitration agreement is
governed by the current IAA.

(2) Is the arbitration agreement “in writing” in the manner required by the
current IAA?

116 The amendment of the definition of arbitration agreement in 2012 was
prompted by UNCITRAL’s revision of the Model Law in 2006. UNCITRAL amended Art
7 and suggested two alternative formulations for countries to choose from when
drafting/amending their domestic legislations. The version of the amended Art
7 which Singapore adopted by introducing s 2A into the IAA reads as follows:

_Option I_

**Article 7. Definition and form of arbitration agreement**

(1) “Arbitration agreement” is an agreement by the parties to submit to
arbitration all or certain disputes which have arisen or which may arise
between them in respect of a defined legal relationship, whether contractual
or not. An arbitration agreement may be in the form of an arbitration clause
in a contract or in the form of a separate agreement.

(2) The arbitration agreement shall be in writing.

(3) _An arbitration agreement is in writing if its content is recorded in any
form_ , whether or not the arbitration agreement or contract has been
concluded orally, by conduct, or by other means.

[emphasis added]

117 The _Explanatory Note by the UNCITRAL Secretariat on the Model Law on
International Commercial Arbitration as amended in 2006_ , provides an
explanation for the amendment and clarifies the meaning of Art 7(3) which is
identical to s 2A(4) of the IAA. It states at para 19:

… It was pointed out by practitioners that, in a number of situations, the
drafting of a written document was impossible or impractical. In such cases,
where the willingness of the parties to arbitrate was not in question, the
validity of the arbitration agreement should be recognized. For that reason,
article 7 was amended in 2006 to better conform to international contract
practices. In amending article 7, the Commission adopted two options, which
reflect two different approaches on the question of definition and form of
arbitration agreement. The first approach follows the detailed structure of
the original 1985 text. … It follows the New York Convention in requiring the
written form of the arbitration agreement but recognizes a record of the
“contents” of the agreement “in any form” as equivalent to traditional
“writing”. The agreement to arbitrate may be entered into in any form (e.g.
including orally) as long as the content of the agreement is recorded. _This
new rule is significant in that it no longer requires signatures of the
parties or an exchange of messages between the parties_. [emphasis added]

118 At the second reading of the International Arbitration (Amendment) Bill
(Bill 10 of 2012) (“the Bill”), Mr Hri Kumar Nair asked the Minister who was
moving the Bill whether the requirements of s 2A(4) would be satisfied if one
party to the oral agreement recorded the arbitration agreement “without
confirmation from the other party”. The Minister’s response echoed the
aforementioned views of the UNCITRAL Secretariat. He stated (_Singapore
Parliamentary Debates, Official Report_ (9 April 2012) vol 89 (K Shanmugam,
Minister for Law)):

Mr Kumar has asked for some clarifications on the new section 2A which relaxes
the requirement for an arbitration agreement to be in writing.

First, what does section 2A(4) mean when it provides that an arbitration
agreement is in writing, if its content is recorded in any form? The general
intention is that an arbitration agreement can be entered into in any form,
including orally, if there is some record of the content of the agreement
which can subsequently be referred to. …

_So, does the record made by one party suffice? The answer is “yes”. This is
the answer we give. At the end of the day, the courts have to decide. Our
legislative intention is that, yes, a record by one party would suffice.
Section 2A does not require that the record of the arbitration agreement to be
confirmed by all parties._ Of course, there could be disputes as to the
authenticity of the record if the record is made only by one party or if
inconsistent records by different parties are produced. Those disputes would
have to be resolved by the courts or by the tribunal in the same manner that
disputes on authenticity of written arbitration agreements are resolved, or
for that matter, any other dispute, on facts, are resolved.

Legislatively, the question is whether the possibility of such disputes
arising should preclude us from recognising unilateral records. The answer
must balance the competing needs of certainty as opposed to flexibility, and
that is of course a challenge that both legislation and the courts deal with
in commercial law. In this case, the loosening of the writing requirement has
been recommended by UNCITRAL. When we held consultations on the Bill, the
feedback was also in support of relaxing the writing requirement.

[emphasis added]

119 In essence, both the UNCITRAL Secretariat and the Minister who moved the
Bill expressed the view that the requirement set out in the amended Art 7(3)
of the Model Law and s 2A(4) of the IAA would be satisfied if one party to the
agreement unilaterally records it in writing. It would not matter that the
written version of the agreement is neither signed nor confirmed by all the
parties involved. This is certainly a reasonable interpretation of the
provisions of s 2A(4) and I adopt it.

120 In the present case, the arbitration agreement was recorded in the First
Shipment contract as the parties had agreed on 8 December 2009 that all the
terms of that contract would apply. I think that reference was sufficient to
show that cl 16 of the First Shipment contract, signed on 9 December 2009 but
in the parties’ hands from 7 December 2009, was the arbitration agreement
“recorded in any form” within the meaning of s2A(4). Further, the written
draft of the contract for the Second Shipment that the Supplier sent the Buyer
by e-mail for its signature first on 18 December 2009 and then again on the 23
December 2009 contained an arbitration clause that was identical to cl 16 of
the First Shipment contract. The Buyer did not sign either draft of the Second
Shipment contract but there is no evidence that its failure to sign was in any
way related to disagreement with the terms of the arbitration clause. In my
judgment, the draft Second Shipment also served as a record of the arbitration
agreement. I am satisfied that as of 8 December 2008 or, at the latest as of
18 December 2009, there was a valid arbitration agreement that satisfied the
requirements set out in s 2A(4) of the IAA.

Conclusion on the Supplier’s challenge pursuant to Art 34(2)(a)(i)

121 The Supplier contended that there was no valid and binding contract for
the Second Shipment and even if there was, there was no valid arbitration
agreement which satisfied s 2(1) of the IAA 2009. I have found that a valid
and binding contract for the Second Shipment was formed on 8 December 2009.
Further, IAA 2009 is not applicable. Rather, s 2A of the current IAA governs
the issue of the validity of the arbitration agreement. I have also found that
there was a valid arbitration agreement pursuant to that section. Given the
doctrine of separability, having found that there was a valid arbitration
agreement, I need not concern myself with the issue of whether the underlying
contract for the shipment of coal was subsequently varied and what the terms
of the varied contract were and whether the Supplier was in breach of the
contract. Those are all matters falling within the jurisdiction of the
arbitral tribunal.

Was the procedure followed by the arbitral tribunal in accordance with the
parties’ agreement?

122 Article 34(2)(_a_)(iv) of the Model Law provides:

_Article 34. Application for setting aside as exclusive recourse against
arbitral award_

…

(2) An arbitral award may be set aside by the court specified in Article 6
only if:

(_a_) the party making the application furnishes proof that:

…

(iv) the composition of the arbitral tribunal or the arbitral procedure was
not in accordance with the agreement of the parties, unless such agreement was
in conflict with a provision of this Law from which the parties cannot
derogate, or, failing such agreement, was not in accordance with this Law;

…

This article covers two separate possible grounds of challenge. An applicant
can seek to set aside an award pursuant to Art 34(2)(_a_)(iv) on the basis
that the composition of the arbitral tribunal and/or the arbitral procedure
was not in accordance with the agreement of the parties.

123 The Supplier’s arguments under this ground are in the alternative to its
primary position that there was no valid arbitration agreement between the
parties. Assuming that there was such an agreement, the Supplier first
contends that the arbitral procedure was not in accordance with the agreement
of the parties because it was erroneously conducted under the Expedited
Procedure contained in r 5 of the SIAC Rules 2010, and that there is no
provision for such a procedure in the Arbitration Rules of the SIAC (3rd Ed, 1
July 2007) (“SIAC Rules 2007”) which, according to the Supplier, are the
applicable rules. Second, the Supplier argues that even if the SIAC Rules 2010
are applicable, the composition of the arbitral tribunal, insofar as the
arbitration was conducted before a sole arbitrator, was not in accordance with
the parties’ agreement since they had expressly agreed to arbitration before
three arbitrators.

Applicable version of the SIAC Rules

124 The arbitration clause is set out in [105] above. For present purposes,
the material part of the clause reads:

… the dispute shall be finally settled by arbitration upon the written request
of either party hereto in accordance with the _rules of conciliation and
arbitration of the Singapore International Arbitration Centre (SIAC) by three
arbitrators_ in English Language. The result of all such arbitration shall be
final. [emphasis added]

125 There is a presumption that reference to rules of a particular tribunal in
an arbitration clause refers to such rules as are applicable at the date of
commencement of arbitration and not at the date of contract, provided that the
rules contain mainly procedural provisions. If the rules contain mainly
substantive provisions, then those in force as at the date the contract was
entered into would apply: _Navigator Investment Services Ltd v Acclaim
Insurance Brokers Pte Ltd_ [2010] 2 SLR 25 at [34]; _Black & Vetach Singapore
Pte Ltd v Jurong Engineering Ltd_ [2004] 4 SLR 19 at [15] and [19]–[20].

126 The rationale for this presumption was articulated in _Bunge SA v Kruse_
[1979] 1 Lloyd’s Rep 279 at 286:

… Procedural provisions can easily become out of date and so become incapable
of implementation. For instance, procedural rules might provide for documents
to be sent to, or hearings to take place at, an address which later ceased to
be appropriate or even to exist; or for members of a tribunal to possess a
qualification, or to be appointed by a person holding an office, which is
subsequently abolished. In either case amendment of the procedural rules
concerned would be necessary to make them workable, and, if a clause
incorporating such rules were not construed as incorporating them in their
subsequently amended form, the operation of the clause might well be
frustrated.

127 In the present case, the Supplier does not contend that the SIAC Rules
contain mainly substantive provisions. However, it argues that the presumption
is displaced because of the fact that the reference to the SIAC Rules in the
arbitration clause is not followed by the phrase “for the time being in
force”. It relies on _Car & Cars Pte Ltd v Volkswagen AG_ [2010] 1 SLR 625 to
support its argument. In my view that case does not assist the Supplier at
all. There, the judge held that the inclusion of the phrase “for the time
being in force” in the arbitration clause indicated that parties intended to
refer to rules that could not be precisely identified at the time of
contracting. He stated that if the intention was to refer to rules existing at
the date of the contract, there would not have been a need for the general
words. Rather, the particular set of rules could easily have been identified
by name (at [25]). Similarly here, if parties intended to refer to the SIAC
Rules 2007, they could have identified them by name. The absence of the phrase
“for the time being in force” does not displace the presumption. Had it been
present, the Buyer’s contention would have been stronger but its absence does
not assist the Supplier. On the basis of the presumption, the SIAC Rules 2010
are the applicable rules. Rule 5 of the SIAC Rules 2010 provides for
arbitration to be conducted under the Expedited Procedure if the SIAC
President agrees that this procedure should be used. Therefore, it cannot be
said that the procedure that was followed was not in accordance with the
Parties’ agreement.

Arbitration before a sole arbitrator

128 Rule 5 of the SIAC Rules 2010 specifies that under the Expedited Procedure
arbitration before a sole arbitrator is the default position. The rule
provides:

**Rule 5: Expedited Procedure**

5.1 Prior to the full constitution of the Tribunal, a party may apply to the
Centre in writing for the arbitral proceedings to be conducted in accordance
with the Expedited Procedure under this Rule where any of the following
criteria is satisfied:

a. the amount in dispute does not exceed the equivalent amount of S$5,000,000,
representing the aggregate of the claim, counterclaim and any setoff defence;

b. the parties so agree; or

c. in cases of exceptional urgency.

5.2 When a party has applied to the Centre under Rule 5.1, and when the
Chairman determines, after considering the views of the parties, that the
arbitral proceedings shall be conducted in accordance with the Expedited
Procedure, the following procedure shall apply:

…

b. The case shall be referred to a sole arbitrator, unless the Chairman
determines otherwise;

…

129 It would be noted in this case that the original quantum of the Buyer’s
claim as stated in the Notice of Arbitration was US$706,750. In the
arbitration proceedings, the Buyer revised its claim to US$852,500 but the
increased amount was still well within the monetary boundaries of the
Expedited Procedure.

130 The Supplier argues that, even if the SIAC Rules 2010 are applicable, the
arbitration should not have been conducted before a sole arbitrator, since the
parties had expressly agreed to arbitration before three arbitrators. It
relies on _NCC International AB v Land Transport Authority of Singapore_
[2009] 1 SLR(R) 985 (“ _NCC International_ ”) to support its argument. There,
the plaintiff sought a declaration from the court that, notwithstanding the
parties’ agreement for arbitration before a sole arbitrator, the Registrar of
the SIAC had the discretion to appoint three arbitrators pursuant to r 5.1 of
the SIAC Rules 2007. That rule states:

**Rule 5: Number, Appointment and Confirmation of Arbitrators**

5.1 Unless the parties have agreed otherwise or unless it appears to the
Registrar giving due regard to any proposals by the parties, the complexity,
the quantum involved or other relevant circumstances of the dispute, that the
dispute warrants the appointment of three arbitrators, a sole arbitrator shall
be appointed.

The judge held that where the agreement to arbitrate provided for a sole
arbitrator, r 5.1 did not vest the Registrar with the discretion to appoint
three arbitrators. The judge went on to state that even if r 5.1 vested the
Registrar with that discretion, its incorporation into the parties’ agreement
could not override the “express term of the arbitration clause (on a sole
arbitrator) except as expressly assented to” (at [45]). He appears to have
reached this conclusion based on his observation in [44] that the version of
the SIAC Rules which was in force when the parties had entered into the
contract did not even contemplate the possibility that their express agreement
on a sole arbitrator would be overridden in certain circumstances. The
equivalent provision on the number and appointment of arbitrators in the
Arbitration Rules of the SIAC (2nd Ed, 22 October 1997), which was in force at
that time, simply stated:

**Rule 6 – Number of Arbitrators**

6\. A sole arbitrator shall be appointed unless the parties have agreed
otherwise.

131 The Buyer, however, argues that if the number of arbitrators was of vital
importance to the parties, then they should have specifically provided that
their choice of number of arbitrators would prevail in any and every
arbitration. It relies on a redacted SIAC Award, _W Company v Dutch Company
and Dutch Holding Company_ [2012] 1 SAA 97 (“ _W Company_ ”), to support its
argument. In that case, a sole arbitrator rejected a challenge to his
jurisdiction brought on the basis that the parties’ agreement required the
appointment of three arbitrators. The arbitrator stated at [19]:

… The parties chose the SIAC Rules to govern the arbitration and they accepted
the entirety of the SIAC Rules including the Expedited Procedure in Rule 5
together with the powers that the Rule reserves to the Chairman and Registrar
of the SIAC to administer and guide the proceedings. There is no derogation
from party autonomy and it is precisely the parties’ choice of the SIAC Rules
that requires acceptance of the Chairman’s decision. It may be otherwise if
the parties had stipulated that there shall be 3 arbitrators even if the
proceedings were under the Expedited Procedure but that is not the case here.

It appears that in _W Company_ , the parties had expressly chosen a version of
the SIAC Rules that contained the Expedited Procedure provision. Therefore, it
was consistent with party autonomy for the Expedited Procedure provision to
override their agreement for arbitration before three arbitrators. The
situation in the present case is quite different because the SIAC Rules that
were in force at the time the parties entered into the contract did not
contain the Expedited Procedure provision.

132 Nevertheless, the SIAC Rules 2010 have been incorporated into the Parties’
contract and therefore as stated in _NCC International_ at ([37]), the rules
together with the rest of the contract must be interpreted purposively. I am
of the view that “express assent” in the sense contemplated by _NCC
International_ is not necessary for the Expedited Procedure provision to
override the parties’ agreement for arbitration before three arbitrators even
though the version of the SIAC Rules that was in force at the time the parties
entered into the contract did not contain the Expedited Procedure provision. A
commercially sensible approach to interpreting the parties’ arbitration
agreement would be to recognise that the SIAC President does have the
discretion to appoint a sole arbitrator. Otherwise, regardless of the
complexity of the dispute or the quantum involved, a sole arbitrator can never
be appointed to hear the dispute notwithstanding the incorporation of the SIAC
Rules 2010 which provide for the tribunal to be constituted by a sole
arbitrator when the Expedited Procedure is invoked. That would be an odd
outcome, especially since the Supplier appears to accept that the Expedited
Procedure provision is no different from any other procedural rule contained
in the SIAC Rules 2010.

133 Furthermore, due regard can be given to the fact that the agreement had
been signed before the Expedited Procedure provision came into force. As
suggested by Mark Mangan, Lucy Reed and John Choong in their book, _A Guide to
the SIAC Arbitration Rules_ (Oxford University Press, 2014) (“ _A Guide to the
SIAC Rules_ ”), at para 7.10, when making the decision whether to displace the
default provision and appoint a greater number of arbitrators instead, the
SIAC President can and should take into account not just the complexity of the
dispute, the quantum involved and the parties’ agreement on the number of
arbitrators (if there is one) but also whether the contract concerned was
signed before the Expedited Procedure provision came into force.

134 In the present case, the Supplier objected to the arbitration being heard
pursuant to the Expedited Procedure provision. However, it only objected on
the grounds that the parties had not agreed to the application of this
procedure and that there was no exceptional urgency requiring the matter to be
heard on an expedited basis. In essence, the Supplier was attempting to argue
that the grounds for Expedited Procedure provided in r 5.1(b) and (c) of the
SIAC Rules 2010 were not made out. The Supplier did not expressly rely on the
fact that the contract had been entered into before the Expedited Procedure
provision came into force as a reason why that provision should not apply.
Nonetheless there is nothing that suggests that the SIAC President had not
taken that fact into consideration when he decided to allow the Buyer’s
application for the arbitration to be conducted under the Expedited Procedure
provision.

135 Additionally, the learned authors of _A Guide to the SIAC Rules_ point out
that the ICC’s new emergency arbitrator provisions expressly state that they
do not apply in the context of arbitration agreements that were entered into
before the new ICC rules came into force: at para 7.10, footnote 14; see ICC
Rules (2012), Art 29(6). However, the SIAC’s Expedited Procedure provision
does not contain a similar exclusion. This fortifies my conclusion that the
Expedited Procedure provision can override parties’ agreement for arbitration
before three arbitrators even when the contract was entered into before the
Expedited Procedure provision came into force.

136 Even if the Supplier is correct in its submission that the arbitration
should not have been conducted before a sole arbitrator, the Supplier has not
discharged its burden of explaining the materiality or the seriousness of the
breach. Nor has it demonstrated that it suffered any prejudice as a result of
the arbitral procedure that was adopted. While prejudice is not a legal
requirement for an award to be set aside pursuant to Art 34(2)(_a_)(iv), it is
a relevant factor that the supervisory court considers in deciding whether the
breach in question is serious and thus whether to exercise its discretionary
power to set aside the award for the breach: _Triulzi Cesare SRL v Xinyi Group
(Glass) Co Ltd_ [2015] 1 SLR 114 at [54], [64] and [66]. In the present case,
the Supplier has not made any submissions on this issue.

Conclusion on the Supplier’s challenge under Art 34(2)(a)(iv)

137 For the above mentioned reasons, I find that the arbitral proceedings were
conducted in accordance with the parties’ agreement. There is no ground to set
aside the Award based on Art 34(2)(_a_)(iv) of the Model Law.

Other prayers in OS 530

138 Given my findings above, I also dismiss the Supplier’s other prayers in OS
530 for the dispute to be reheard before three arbitrators and for the
arbitral proceedings to be stayed pending the outcome of these proceedings.

Costs

139 As the Supplier has failed in its application, it should bear the Buyer’s
costs. I shall hear parties on the basis on which costs should be taxed.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 13 Feb 2015 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

