Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Ang Tin Gee _v_ Pang Teck Guan  
[2015] SGHC 241

Case Number| :| Suit No 697 of 2010 (SUM No 6145 of 2013)  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 14 September 2015  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Belinda Ang Saw Ean J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Lai Mun Onn (Lai Mun Onn & Co) for the plaintiff; Yeo
Choon Hsien Leslie (Sterling Law Corporation) for Defendant.  
Parties| :|  ANG TIN GEE — PANG TECK GUAN  
  
14 September 2015|  
---|---  
  
Belinda Ang Saw Ean J:

Introduction

1 Summons No 6145 of 2014 (“SUM 6145/2014”) was the plaintiff’s application
for payment out of a sum of $545,277.42 (“the stake money”) that was held by a
firm of lawyers as a stakeholder pursuant to an Order of Court dated 14 August
2012 (“the Stakeholder Order”). The defendant objected to the payment out
application on the ground that the stake money was not ring-fenced to pay his
judgment debt in favour of the plaintiff. Rather, the stake money formed part
of the defendant’s estate to be administered and distributed by the Official
Assignee.

2 The defendant’s objection was inspired by Bankruptcy No 2279 of 2014, a
bankruptcy application filed by his wife on 6 November 2014, nine days after
he agreed to a Consent Order made in Registrar’s Appeal Nos 383 and 384, both
of 2013 (“the Appeals”). This Consent Order, made on 28 October 2014, was in
respect of the defendant’s Appeals against the orders made by Assistant
Registrar Justin Yeo (“AR Yeo”) on 7 November 2013 and 19 November 2013
respectively. These decisions are collectively referred to hereafter as “AR
Yeo’s 2013 decisions”.

3 No adjudication order has been made against the defendant. The plaintiff is
separately contesting the veracity and credibility of the bankruptcy
application which she saw as nothing more than tactical manoeuvring by the
defendant and his wife to stymie her right to the stake money as the
defendant’s judgment creditor in this action, Suit No 697 of 2010/A (“Suit
697/2010”).

4 Payment out of the stake money to the plaintiff’s solicitors was ordered on
21 May 2015. Notably, a determination of SUM 6145/2014 was not limited to
construing the scope and effect of the Stakeholder Order. Linked to the
Stakeholder Order was the defendant’s successful application to stay execution
of AR Yeo’s 2013 decisions including costs taxed on 26 November 2013 pending
the outcome of the Appeals. An order to stay execution was granted on 24
January 2014 (“the Stay of Execution Order”). An analysis of the Stakeholder
Order would be incomplete without considering the effect of the Stay of
Execution Order. The principal questions to be answered in SUM 6145/2014 were:
(a) whether the bankruptcy application would affect the court’s power to
release the stake money to the plaintiff; and (b) whether the effect of the
Stakeholder Order and/or Stay of Execution Order gave the plaintiff what could
fairly be characterised as conditional payment of, and/or security for, the
various sums in AR Yeo’s 2013 decisions including costs taxed on 26 November
2013 pending the outcome of the Appeals.

5 The defendant has appealed against my Order of 21 May 2015. I now publish
the reasons for my decision.

History of the proceedings

6 Suit 697/2010 was a partnership dispute that was concluded in favour of the
plaintiff in 2011 after a nine-day trial. The facts and disputes are detailed
in my written Judgment (_Ang Tin Gee v Pang Teck Guan_ [2011] SGHC 259) handed
down on 2 December 2011 (“the 2011 Judgment”).

7 Pursuant to the 2011 Judgment, a series of pre-trial conferences in relation
to the taking of accounts of the partnership were held between 7 February 2012
and 27 November 2012. Eventually an Account and Enquiry was heard before AR
Yeo over an intermittent period of 11 days commencing on 17 January 2013 after
which AR Yeo rendered his decisions on 7 November 2013 and 19 November 2013
respectively.

8 I now come to the two relevant interlocutory applications, namely Summons No
2481 of 2012 (“SUM 2481/2012”) and Summons No 6231 of 2013 (“SUM 6231/2013”).

SUM 2481/2012 and the Stakeholder Order

9 Whilst the parties were preparing for the taking of accounts (see [7]), the
plaintiff learned that the defendant was selling his flat (“the Kemaman
Property”) which she believed to be his “only substantial asset”. On 21 May
2012, the plaintiff filed Summons No 2481/2012 for the following orders:

(a) An injunction preventing the defendant from dealing with or diminishing
the net sale proceeds of the Kemaman Property.

(b) The net sale proceeds are to be held by a neutral stakeholder “to secure
the rights and interests of the [p]laintiff pursuant to the [2011 Judgment]”.

(c) To facilitate items (a) and (b), the defendant furnishes an account of the
sale proceeds from the disposal of the Kemaman Property within seven days from
the date of order or such time as the court deems fit to impose.

10 The defendant did not object to the application in SUM 2481/2012. His
counsel, Mr Leslie Yeo (“Mr Yeo”), merely pointed out that, logically
speaking, the defendant should only be required to provide an account of the
sale proceeds two weeks before completion of the sale, and not from the date
sought in item (c) above. I agreed with the defendant’s counsel, Mr Yeo, on
that point. I allowed the plaintiff’s application in amended terms. For
present purposes, I set out the order made in relation to prayer (b) which is
known here as the Stakeholder Order:

That the net sale proceeds … from the sale of the Kemaman Property … be held
by [the solicitors representing the defendant in the sale of the Kemaman
Property, being a designated neutral stakeholder] … either wholly or in such
amounts as may be fair, just and necessary to secure the rights and interests
of the Plaintiff pursuant to the [the 2011 Judgment] …

11 As stated, the defendant did not oppose SUM 2481/2012 and, naturally, there
was no appeal against the Stakeholder Order.

SUM 6231/2013 and the Stay of Execution Order

12 I now come to the application for stay of execution pending: (a) the appeal
of AR Yeo’s 2013 decisions (see _Ang Tin Gee v Pang Teck Guan_ [2013] SGHCR
26); and (b) the Review of the costs order of 26 November 2013. As a result of
AR Yeo’s 2013 decisions and the costs taxed on 26 November 2013, the
quantified sum that the defendant was required to pay to the plaintiff as a
judgment creditor was computed at $607,756.69 (excluding interest).

13 I should mention Bill of Costs No 186 of 2012 (“BC 186”) which was the
plaintiff’s Bill of Costs in respect of the 2011 Judgment that was taxed by
another Assistant Registrar on 26 November 2013. Party and party costs in BC
186 were taxed as follows:

(a) $200,000 (section 1 costs);

(b) $2,000 (section 2 costs); and

(c) $51,567.80 (section 3 costs).

14 Following AR Yeo’s 2013 decisions and taxation of BC 186 on 26 November
2013 (see [13] above), the plaintiff’s counsel, Mr Lai Kwok Seng (“Mr Lai”),
called upon the stakeholder to release the stake money (_ie_ , $545,277.42).
That prompted the defendant to file his application for stay of execution
pending appeal on 2 December 2013 (_ie_ , SUM 6231/2013).

15 Prayer 2 of SUM 6231/2013 was for an order that the same law firm in the
Stakeholder Order “holds the sum of $545,277.42 as stakeholders pending the
final disposal of the appeals” against the AR Yeo’s decisions including the
costs order of 26 November 2013. In the defendant’s supporting affidavit, he
stated that maintaining the status quo would not “prejudice” the plaintiff’s
position “in any way”. The Assistant Registrar, Ms Lim Sai Nei (“AR Lim”),
granted the order for a stay of execution on 24 January 2014 (“the Stay of
Execution Order”). AR Lim further ordered that:

M/s De Souza & Goh LLP holds the sum of $545,277.42 as stakeholders pending
the final disposal of the appeals against [AR Yeo’s 2013 decisions] and the
[costs order] dated 26 November 2013.

16 AR Lim’s order set out in [15] above is significant. I will elaborate of
this specific order later in this written decision. In the meantime, I propose
to set out extracts of AR Lim’s Notes of Evidence to show the parties’ stance
before AR Lim.

_S No 697 of 2010 (SUM No 6231 of 2013)_

_24 January 2014 9am_

DC: |  This is my application for a stay pending the appeal. Which is coming up on 4 March. I filed an affidavit in support. Don’t believe LF has filed a reply. No right?  
---|---  
PC: |  [Nods]  
DC: |  … Long history. … Ang J declared equal partnership and ordered accounts to be taken. Accounts finally came to be taken by AR Justin Yeo. We have filed an appeal against both his decision on the account and costs. …   
|  **_Appeal is going to be heard in a month’s time. Para 7 of Df’s affidavit.
Sum of money being held by De’Souza Lim & Goh LLP. So effectively Pf’s
position is secured pending the hearing of the appeal._**  
Court: |  Is the money still with De’Souza? When was it supposed to be held until?  
DC: |  **_Still with the solicitors. It is essentially to secure the monies of the Df._** No automatic stay.  
|  **_But this case is special because of the amount being secured. And we are
talking about one month to the appeal_**. …  
Court: |  So the sum held by the law firm is more than the amount ordered by the AR?  
PC/DC: |  Yes.  
… |   
PC: |  … What is before YH is whether you should exercise your discretion to grant a stay. Tab 6 – letter dd 27 Nov 2013 from PC to DC showing amount owing from Df is $876,935.98. So the sum of $545,277.42 held by De’Souza is not enough to cover.  
|  [Goes through written submissions]  
|  Pf mortgaged her house to pay monies on behalf of the partnership. There
are no special circumstances.  
Court: |  But it will only be for 4 weeks before the appeal will be heard. Even if she gets the money now, surely she wouldn’t use it to pay the mortgage.  
PC: |  My conclusion is that the stay application be dismissed. No reason for stay. …   
Court: |  …  
PC: |  … Bring YH to authorities.  
|  Tab 1 – _Lee Sian Hee_ [1992] 1 SLR 77 – pg 78. A stay will be granted if
it can be shown by affidavit that, if the damages and costs are paid, there is
no reasonable probability of getting them back, if the appeal succeeds. If you
look at D’s affidavit, no such assertion. Pg 79 of same case, when judgment is
granted after a full trial of the issues, general rule is that stay will not
be granted unless there are special circumstances. Pg 80 of the same case,
nothing to show us that we should exercise our discretion to grant a stay.
_Lian Soon Construction Pte Ltd_ [1999] 1 SLR(R) 1053. In that case, grave
risk that the developer would not be able to recover any money paid to the
main contractor.  
|  _Lee Kuan Yew v JBJ (No. 2)_ [1991] 1 MLJ 83.  
|  Ask YH to dismiss the application.  
DC: |  … **_LF said that if the monies were paid into Pf’s account, then she will be comforted. Whether it will be held by him or De Souza is the same. Effect is the same – his client should be comforted._** … But YH will see that **_all the cases that a successful litigant should not be deprived of the fruits of success but in this case the fruit is already secured. When we are speaking of special circumstances, we are talking about cases where the money is with the losing party. The money is already out of Df’s hands._**  
|  **_Since the fruits have been secured, the timing is important._** In this
case, the principle to be applied is a balance of convenience. Who is going to
be prejudiced more? It is the Df. Even more so if Pf uses it to discharge her
mortgage.  
Court: |  How about his point that you don’t have evidence that the Pf will not be able to pay the Df if the appeal fails?  
PC: |  No evidence. I have to concede that. …   
… |   
DC: |  Disagree also with PC’s submission that any reading of the grounds and reasons will show that there is little or no likelihood of success in the appeal.  
PC: |  …  
|  First principle is that the successful litigant must not be deprived of
fruits.  
|  No evidence that Pf cannot repay any surplus to Df.  
|  On established principles, I urge YH to dismiss this application.  
|  [Stands down]  
Court: |  I have considered both parties’ submissions and balancing the various factors raised by the parties, I have decided to grant a stay pending appeal.   
|  **OIT Prayers 1 and 2.**  
… |   
Court: |  No order as to costs.  
Sgd Lim Sei Nei Assistant Registrar  
[emphasis added in bold and bold italics]  
  
  

17 Before AR Lim, counsel for the defendant, Mr Yeo, accepted that the
plaintiff’s “fruits of the litigation” were secured by the stake money held by
the stakeholders pursuant to the Stakeholder Order. In this important way, the
Stakeholder Order and the Stay of Execution Order are intertwined.

18 Furthermore, the defendant’s position before AR Lim was consistent with
what the defendant’s counsel, Mr Yeo, was telling the court at the hearing of
the Appeals that the stake money was sufficient to satisfy the plaintiff’s
claims. As stated, the Appeals were subsequently settled by consent. There was
a subsequent Review of the costs taxed where the total quantum was revised
downwards (“Costs Review”): section 1 costs were reduced to $160,000 and
section 3 costs were reduced to $36,867.80. The Costs Review was concluded on
28 October 2014.The upshot of the Consent Order of 28 October 2014 was that
the total judgment sum against the defendant inclusive of the Costs Review was
in excess of $600,000.

19 The plaintiff did not appeal against the Stay of Execution Order.

Interpleader summons

20 I will briefly touch on the defendant’s interpleader application (Summons
No 53 of 2015) that was filed on 5 January 2015, two days before the date
listed for the hearing of SUM 6145/2014. In particular, the defendant’s
supporting affidavit is relevant for present purposes. The defendant quite
categorically stated on affidavit that he claimed no interest in the stake
money. The interpleader summons was dismissed by Assistant Registrar Nicholas
Poon (“AR Poon”) because the defendant was not the proper party to bring the
application. AR Poon commented in passing that the application is questionable
in that: (a) the defendant’s wife’s target was the stake money alone and
nothing else; and (b) the defendant and his wife were still living together as
a married couple and yet the wife had taken out proceedings to bankrupt the
defendant.

Whether the stake money was ring-fenced to secure or satisfy the plaintiff’s
judgment by the Stakeholder Order and/or the Stay of Execution Order

The arguments

21 Mr Lai explained in his written submissions that SUM 6145/2014 was taken
out by the plaintiff as judgment creditor and in light of the Stakeholder
Order that secured and guaranteed the plaintiff’s interests in the stake money
and the terms of the Stay of Execution Order. He suggested there that the Stay
of Execution Order “expired” upon final disposal of the Appeals and the stake
money ought to be released to the plaintiff accordingly. Although Mr Lai’s use
of the word “expired” was inapt, Mr Lai was not wrong in his view that the
stake money in the hands of the stakeholder was to await the occurrence of the
event as between the two parties, and in this case, the triggering event was
the outcome of the Appeals. What was required of the plaintiff following the
Consent Order in her favour was to obtain a further order to “release” the
stake money. In essence, Mr Lai’s contention was that the stake money held by
the stakeholder was ring-fenced to secure the interest of the plaintiff. As
such, the stake money was not subject to other third party claims.

22 In contrast, Mr Yeo argued that the wording of the Stakeholder Order merely
prevented the defendant from receiving the net sale proceeds; it did not ring-
fence the stake money to the exclusion of other creditors like the defendant’s
wife. Furthermore, the plaintiff was not a secured creditor within the meaning
of the Bankruptcy Act (Cap 20, 2009 Rev Ed) (“the Bankruptcy Act”). Hence, the
stake money formed part of the defendant’s estate to be administered and
distributed by the Official Assignee.

Decision on the effect of the Stakeholder Order and the Stay of Execution
Order

23 As I alluded to earlier, it is necessary to examine both the Stakeholder
Order and the Stay of Execution Order. A determination of SUM 6145/2014 would
be incomplete if one were to consider the scope and effect of the Stakeholder
Order alone. However, whilst related, the Stakeholder Order and the Stay of
Execution Order are nonetheless freestanding orders. For practical purposes,
as the same stakeholder held the stake money, payment out of the same may be
made under either order.

24 At first blush, there is some attractiveness in Mr Yeo’s argument that the
wording of the Stakeholder Order had the limited effect of preventing the
defendant from receiving the net sale proceeds. But there is _ex post facto_
reasoning in his argument. I accept that the Stakeholder Order was the other
part of an injunction order made in SUM 2481/2012 that restrained the
defendant from dealing with or diminishing his share of the net sale proceeds
pending, amongst other things, the taking of accounts. However, over and above
that restraining order, the defendant’s share of net sale proceeds were
ordered to be held by De Souza & Goh LLP, the solicitors representing the
defendant in the sale, as stakeholder to secure the rights and interests of
the plaintiff pursuant to the 2011 Judgment. Moving forward, it is important
to see what Mr Yeo had to say to AR Lim in 2014 where he openly agreed that
the plaintiff’s “fruits” of the litigation were secured by the stake money
that was held by the stakeholders pursuant to the Stakeholder Order. In my
view, any shortcoming, ambiguity or doubt that impinged on the meaning of the
Stakeholder Order was separately and independently redressed and taken care of
by the Stay of Execution Order.

25 An appeal does not operate as a stay of execution of AR Yeo’s 2013
decisions and the costs order of 26 November 2013. The grant or refusal of a
stay pending appeal is discretionary. AR Lim’s specific order set out in [15]
above is significant. In my view, that order could operate as a conditional
payment to the plaintiff in that the stake money would be the payment to the
plaintiff if she succeeded in the Appeals. Equally, the effect of AR Lim’s
order in the terms that De Souza & Goh LLP were to hold the sum of $545,277.42
as stakeholder pending a triggering event, in substance, amounted to the
giving of security to the plaintiff for the various sums payable under AR
Yeo’s 2013 decisions and the costs order of 26 November 2013. All in all, the
effect of the terms of AR Lim’s stay order as described was a consequence of
the exercise of AR Lim’s discretion to stay execution pending appeal after
balancing the interest of both sides. On the one side, prejudice to the
defendant if a stay was not granted could lead to the Appeals being stifled.
For example, that might occur where the plaintiff moved to bankrupt the
defendant for an overdue judgment. At that time, there was no evidence of the
plaintiff’s inability to repay the receipts of her judgment debt after a
successful appeal. In contrast, a party who had succeeded at trial was
generally entitled to the benefit of the judgment. An obvious prejudice to the
plaintiff if a stay was granted would be, after an unsuccessful appeal, the
plaintiff’s inability to enforce the judgment where the defendant’s largest
single asset (_ie_ , $545,277.42) was out of the plaintiff’s reach without AR
Lim’s specific order in [16] above. In short, a stay of execution was granted
on condition as to payment. Leaving the money with the stakeholder was a
convenient alternative to payment into court. With the stay ordered, there was
a recalibration of the basis upon which the stake money was expressly held by
the stakeholder.

26 I now turn to examine whether money held by a stakeholder pursuant to a
court order is safe from third party claims against the defendant, and is
equally protected from contingencies like the defendant’s subsequent
bankruptcy. In my view, the character of the money ordered to be paid to a
stakeholder account as a convenient alternative to payment into court should
by and large have the same effect as a payment into court. The authorities
discussed below support the view that where a party has paid money into court
or into a stakeholder account, whether voluntarily or by order of court, which
is intended to preserve the money for the benefit of the other party’s claim,
the other party is considered a secured creditor to the extent of the sum paid
into court or into the stakeholder account, and he or she is allowed to retain
the benefit of that security despite the payee’s subsequent bankruptcy.

27 I begin with the effect of payment into court. It is settled law that when
money is paid into court voluntarily under O 22 of the Rules of Court (Cap
322, R 5, 2006 Rev Ed) (“Rules of Court”), on condition of leave to defend
under O 14 r 4, or as security for costs of appeal under O 57 r 3(3), the
payee no longer has full title to that money, and the money is not available
for the payee’s estate in the event of the payee’s insolvency. This was made
clear by the Court of Appeal in _Cheng Lip Kwong v Bangkok Bank Ltd_ [1992] 1
SLR(R) 941 (“ _Cheng Lip Kwong_ ”) in its analysis of O 57 r 3(3) of the Rules
of the Supreme Court 1970 (“RSC”). In _Cheng Lip Kwong_ , the appellant had
been made a bankrupt before the hearing of the appeal and the Official
Assignee did not consent to pursuing the appeal. The Court of Appeal had to
consider whether the sum of $2,500 which had been paid by the appellant into
court as security of costs for the appeal pursuant to O 57 r 3(3) of the RSC
was secured for the respondent’s benefit. The Court of Appeal referred to a
number of English authorities on voluntary payment of money into court under O
22 (payment into court), or as a condition for leave to defend under O 14 r 4,
and held that the respondent was a secured creditor to the extent of the
security paid into court, or such part that would be sufficient to satisfy the
respondent’s taxed costs. Chao Hick Tin J (as he then was) stated (at [17]):

The sum once deposited ceases to belong to the appellant. The money becomes
subject entirely to the outcome of the appeal and any order the Court of
Appeal may make in the matter unless the respondents consent to a withdrawal
of the appeal by the appellant. In this respect, we are unable to see any
distinction between such a payment and a payment in ordered by the court under
O 14 or a voluntary payment in under O 22.

28 I pause here to explain that O57 r 3(3) of the RSC on security for costs of
appeal has been updated in the Rules of Court to reflect an increase to the
amount of security for costs. The short point is that the statements of
principle enunciated in _Cheng Lip Kwong_ are still good law.

29 _In re Gordon, ex parte Navalchand_ [1897] 2 QB 516 (“ _In re Gordon_ ”)
was a case cited in _Cheng Lip Kwong_. The facts in that case concerned the
voluntary payment of money into court under the equivalent of O 22 in the
English Rules of the Supreme Court (UK) by the defendant. The defendant was
subsequently made bankrupt, and Vaughan Williams J held that the plaintiff was
a secured creditor to the extent that his proof of debt was admitted by the
trustee in bankruptcy. The rationale behind Williams J’s decision is as
follows (at 520):

The money paid into court, even with a plea denying liability, _has become
subject to the plaintiff’s claim by the act of the defendant_ , who thereby
_agrees_ that the sum paid in shall remain in court subject to the conditions
of O XXII r 6. It is not a question of execution at all, but a conventional
charge. _It is in effect a conditional payment to the plaintiff. The money is
to be the money of the plaintiff if he succeeds in establishing his title to
it_. [emphasis added]

30 _In Re Ford, ex parte The Trustee_ [1900] 2 QB 211, another case cited in
_Cheng Lip Kwong_ , related to whether money paid into court as a condition of
leave to defend amounted to security for the plaintiff. Wright J’s stated his
rationale for holding that the money was the plaintiff’s security as follows
(at 213):

… it is settled that where money is ordered to be paid into court to abide the
event it must be treated as security that the plaintiff shall not lose the
benefit of the decision of the Court in his favour … _The very object of such
an order is that the plaintiff shall be in as good a position, so far as the
money paid in extends, against contingencies such as bankruptcy as if he had
got an immediate judgment_ … [emphasis added]

31 Although the authorities referred to by the Court of Appeal in _Cheng Lip
Kwong_ dealt with payment of money into court, the character of the money
ordered to be paid to a stakeholder account as a convenient alternative to
payment into court should by and large have the same effect.

32 In _Halvanon Insurance Co Ltd v Central Reinsurance Corporation and
another_ [1988] 1 WLR 1122 (“ _Halvanon_ ”), the defendants were given leave
to defend on the condition that the whole sum claimed by the plaintiff be paid
into a joint account in the names of parties’ solicitors. The plaintiff
subsequently changed its solicitors, and both the plaintiff and defendants
applied for the money in the joint account to be released for placement in a
separate joint account in the names of the new solicitors. The plaintiff’s
former solicitors contested the application on the basis that to make the
order would deprive them of their lien for legal fees. Hobhouse J referred to
the authorities on the payment of money into court, and stated (at 1128):

In the present case the money has not been paid into court but into a joint
account in the name of the parties’ then solicitors “to abide the event of the
action.” I consider that the use of this phrase is intended to create a
situation which is equivalent to that where the money has been paid into court
to the credit of an action. The difference is simply a _ministerial
difference_ for the convenience and benefit of the parties. It reduces the
formality … But it does not in my judgment give the two firms of solicitors
any interest or rights over the fund. They are officers of the court and are
bare trustees. They are not entitled to deal in any way with the money save
pursuant to an order of the court. … [emphasis added]

33 Sir Donald Nicholls VC’s decision in _Re Mordant, Mordant v Halls_ [1996]
BPIR 302 (“ _Re Mordant_ ”) is also instructive. This case related to
ancillary relief proceedings in the divorce of Mr and Mrs Mordant. In the
proceedings, a substantial lump sum would have to be paid by Mr Mordant to Mrs
Mordant: Mr Mordant had suggested £250,000 while Mrs Mordant had asked for
£450,000.

34 Along the way, a motion to commit Mr Mordant to prison for breaching an
undertaking not to sell a matrimonial property was filed. Mr Mordant
apologised for his contempt, and Rattee J ordered that a sum equivalent to the
selling price of the property be paid into a bank account in the joint names
of Mr Mordant and his solicitors (“the stakeholder account”) so that the sum
could be available to meet Mrs Mordant’s claims for ancillary relief. It also
emerged later that Mr Mordant had further sums standing to his credit in
another bank account. Rattee J ordered that these sums be paid into the
stakeholder account. Pending Rattee J’s final judgment, a creditor of Mr
Mordant, the building society – which had also intervened in the divorce
proceedings – commenced bankruptcy proceedings against Mr Mordant. Rattee J
was informed of the pending bankruptcy before he delivered his judgment. In
his judgment, he awarded £385,000 to Mrs Mordant. Rattee J also observed that
Mr Mordant was dishonest about his financial position, and that the bankruptcy
proceedings against him were within his control as he had the means to pay off
the building society had he wanted to. In other words, Mr Mordant was using
the non-payment of his debt to the building society to delay or defeat payment
to Mrs Mordant.

35 Mr Mordant was subsequently made a bankrupt, and the sum in the stakeholder
account was paid to the interim receiver. Mrs Mordant then applied under s
284(1) of the Insolvency Act 1986 (UK) (“Insolvency Act”) for the court’s
approval of £385,000 to be disposed to her in full. Section 284 of the
Insolvency Act is _in pari materia_ to s 77(1) of the Bankruptcy Act. For ease
of reference, I set out s 77(1) of the Bankruptcy Act:

Where a person is adjudged bankrupt, any disposition of property made by him
during the period beginning with the day of the making of the bankruptcy
application and ending with the making of the bankruptcy order shall be void
except to the extent that such disposition has been made with the consent of,
or been subsequently ratified by, the court.

36 The question before Nicholls VC was whether the sum in the stakeholder
account when the bankruptcy petition was first presented was still Mr
Mordant’s “property” for the purposes of s 284(1) of the Insolvency Act.
Nicholls VC held that the money, once paid into the stakeholder account, no
longer formed part of Mr Mordant’s assets and explained (at 309):

In my view, when making this order the purpose of [Rattee J] was to afford the
wife protection in respect of her claim similar to the protection she would
have enjoyed had he ordered payment of the money into court. I consider,
further, that the judge’s order was apt to achieve the purpose. Indeed,
payment to the husband’s solicitors was put forward by the wife’s counsel as
an alternative to payment into court. I do not think that, when he ordered
payment to the solicitors rather than into court, the judge was intending to
affect the nature of the wife’s protection. _Payment to the solicitors, as
officers of the court, would in practice be as secure as payment into court._
… The money would be earmarked as the source for any lump sum payment just as
much as a payment made into court in satisfaction of an order giving leave to
defend conditional upon the provision of security. [emphasis added]

37 In summary, what these authorities show is that where money is paid into
court or into a stakeholder account, the purpose is to preserve the money for
the benefit of the other party’s substantive claim or claim for costs, and in
these circumstances, the other party is considered a secured creditor to the
extent of the sum paid into court or into the stakeholder account, and he or
she is allowed to retain the benefit of that security despite the payee’s
subsequent bankruptcy. This is so even where the other party’s entitlement to
the money is conditional upon establishing the validity and/or quantum of his
or her claim.

38 The principles outlined above are squarely applicable to the present case.
The effect of the Stakeholder Order and the Stay of Execution Order are
directly analogous to a payment of money into court under O 14 r 4, O 22 and O
57 r 3(3) of the Rules of Court: such payments are meant to be security for
the plaintiff’s claims; title to the stake money is conditional on the outcome
of trial or appeal; the stake money is protected from contingencies like the
defendant’s subsequent bankruptcy. On the present facts, although the payment
was not made into court, the fact that the moneys are held by stakeholders
instead of having been paid into court should make no material difference.
Borrowing the words of Hobhouse J in _Halvanon_ (see [32] above), this
difference is merely a ministerial one.

39 In my view, the plaintiff was a secured creditor to the extent of the stake
money. The Stakeholder Order followed by the Stay of Execution Order ring-
fenced the stake money in favour of the plaintiff pending the outcome of the
Appeals. I would go further to add that the effect of the Stay of Execution
Order that directed the stakeholder to hold the stake money pending the
outcome of the Appeals was a conditional payment to the plaintiff. The
triggering event had occurred – the stake money was to be the money of the
plaintiff if she succeeded in the Appeals. It was therefore appropriate to
allow the stake money to be paid out to the plaintiff’s solicitors.

Whether the bankruptcy application would fetter the court’s discretion

40 Having concluded that the stake money was ring-fenced for the reasons
stated above, it is strictly not necessary to discuss the effect of the
bankruptcy application _per se_. However, as the parties had made submissions
on this issue, I propose to briefly touch on the effect of the bankruptcy
application, if any, on the court’s power to order payment out assuming that
the stake money was not ring-fenced.

41 The significance of a bankruptcy application was entirely overstated by Mr
Yeo who submitted that the Official Assignee should be the party to administer
the stake money in light of the bankruptcy application filed by the
defendant’s wife on 6 November 2014. Prior to the bankruptcy order, the
property of the bankrupt remains vested in the debtor and is at the debtor’s –
and not the Official Assignee’s – disposal. Section 76(1)(_a_)(i) of the
Bankruptcy Act provides that the property of the bankrupt shall vest in the
Official Assignee without any further conveyance, assignment or transfer on
the making of the bankruptcy order. In fact, under s 105(1) of the Bankruptcy
Act, a creditor of the bankrupt who has issued enforcement proceedings against
the bankrupt may retain the benefit of the enforcement if execution was
completed before the date of the bankruptcy order (see also _Jeyaretnam Joshua
Benjamin v Indra Krishnan_ [2007] 3 SLR(R) 433 at [44]). As stated, the
defendant has not been adjudicated a bankrupt. Until then, there cannot be any
suggestion that the stake money should be administered by the Official
Assignee.

42 I am mindful that the making of a bankruptcy application can, nonetheless,
produce certain legal consequences. A bankruptcy application may be indicative
of a debtor’s financial position, and there are legal principles that provide
a framework to preserve the assets of a debtor for the general body of
creditors in the event of the debtor’s bankruptcy. Accordingly, s 74(1) of the
Bankruptcy Act provides that the court may by order, stay proceedings against
the person or property of a debtor at any time after the making of a
bankruptcy application. Section 77(1) of the Bankruptcy Act also provides
that, when a person is adjudged bankrupt, any disposition of property made by
him in the period beginning with the making of the bankruptcy application and
ending with the making of the bankruptcy order shall be void, unless the
disposition of property was made with the consent, or subsequent ratification,
of the court (see generally _Cheo Sharon Andriesz v Official Assignee of the
estate of Andriesz Paul Matthew, a bankrupt_ [2013] 2 SLR 297 where the Court
of Appeal commented on the application and interpretation of s 77 of the
Bankruptcy Act).

43 In the present case, the bankruptcy application was filed long after the
Stakeholder Order and Stay of Execution Order. Besides, there was no proper
application by the defendant’s wife to stay further proceedings (for _eg_ , by
stopping the payment out application) under s 74(1) of the Bankruptcy Act.
There was nothing to engage the bankruptcy jurisdiction of the court.

Conclusion

44 For the reasons above, I ordered the stake money to be paid out to the
plaintiff’s solicitors. Costs of SUM 6145/2014 were fixed at $2,500.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 14 Sep 2015 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

