Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Lim Yew Ming _v_ Aik Chuan Construction Pte Ltd and others  
[2015] SGHC 101

Case Number| :| Originating Summons No 1043 of 2014  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 15 April 2015  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Aedit Abdullah JC  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Jeffrey Ong Su Aun & Nichol Yeo (JLC Advisors LLP) for
the plaintiff; Daniel Koh & Favian Kang (Eldan Law LLP) for the second to the
seventh defendants  
Parties| :|  Lim Yew Ming — Aik Chuan Construction Pte Ltd and others  
  
15 April 2015| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Aedit Abdullah JC:

Introduction

1 This case concerns the ability of the majority shareholder of a company to
conduct a meeting to allow him to put to the vote essentially his vision of
how the company should proceed. The minority shareholders, namely his mother
and siblings opposed his plans, and declined to attend the meetings called by
him, rendering these meetings inquorate. I granted his application to have a
quorum of one. The minority shareholders have appealed.

2 Mr Lim Yew Ming, the plaintiff and majority shareholder of Aik Chuan
Construction Pte Ltd (the first Defendant, hereafter ‘Aik Chuan’), sought to
have the company, previously active only in the construction industry and
boarding business, move into the renewable energy sector. His desire to expand
the company’s activities into this new area ran up against the concerns of the
2nd to 7th defendants (“the Defendants”). The Defendants are the other
shareholders of Aik Chuan, and are also the Plaintiff’s family members. These
Defendants chose not to attend extraordinary general meetings (“EGMs”) called
by him on two occasions in 2014 depriving him of the needed quorum. The case
thus turns on whether the property rights of the majority shareholder should
be vindicated, or whether he is constrained from pursuing his vision by the
other shareholders.

3 The Plaintiff by Originating Summons 1043 of 2014 (“OS 1043/2014”), sought
an order against Aik Chuan and the Defendants under s 182 of the Companies Act
(Cap 50, Rev Ed 2006) (“the Companies Act”) that a quorum of one be sufficient
for a general meeting of the members or shareholders of the company. Aik Chuan
did not take an active part in the proceedings. After hearing arguments, I
granted the order. The Defendants have now pursued the present appeal.

Background

4 The Plaintiff has 51.5%, of Aik Chuan. He is also the Managing Director. The
remaining 48.5% is held by other family members, namely Lim Yew Soon, Lim Yew
Ghee, Lim Yew Chee, Lim Po Lin, Lim Yu Lin, and Neoh Siew Inn (the mother of
the Plaintiff). Lim Yew Soon (the 2nd Defendant) and Lim Po Lin (the 5th
Defendant) are the other directors. Aik Chuan Construction, as the name
suggests is active primarily in construction work in Singapore, though it has
also gone into boarding and lodging houses.

5 In 2013, the Plaintiff sought to get into the renewable energy business,
incorporating AC Global Energy Pte Ltd (“AC Global”) in December 2013. A
contract was subsequently entered into on 1 February 2014 to construct a
biomass plant in Tennessee, the United States. AC Global was to invest in the
biomass plant, funded by an increase in AC Global’s paid up capital, and a
$32m loan from Hitachi Capital Singapore Pte Ltd, which would be obtained to
pay for the construction costs of the biomass plant. The Hitachi Loan in turn
required a personal guarantee from the Plaintiff, a corporate guarantee, and
an irrevocable banker’s guarantee of $3.2m over AC Global’s performance of its
obligations. To provide the $3.2m bank guarantee, a first charge over Aik
Chuan’s fixed deposit accounts had to be given to the bank, CIMB Bank Berhad.
This was signed by the Plaintiff and the 5th Defendant. The application for
the bank guarantee and a letter of authorisation in respect of the bank
guarantee was signed by the Plaintiff and the 6th Defendant (an authorised
signatory). The bank guarantee was approved. Subsequently, the Plaintiff and
the 5th Defendant signed a resolution approving the corporate guarantee.

6 The Plaintiff then considered financing the Biomass Project by other means
through project financing with the United Overseas Bank (“UOB”). The project
financing supposedly offered better terms, and the possibility of enrolling on
to an IE Singapore supported programme. IE Singapore approved AC Global’s
application to be part of the programme. The UOB facility required a personal
guarantee from the Plaintiff, and a corporate guarantee from Aik Chuan.
However, at this point, the 2nd and 5th Defendants declined to sign the
corporate guarantee.

7 The Plaintiff sought to convene an EGM on 8 October 2014 for the removal of
the 2nd and 5th Defendants as directors. General meetings are governed by
Article 54 of Aik Chuan’s Memorandum of Articles of Association (“Aik Chuan’s
Articles”), which states the following:

Any director may whenever he thinks fit convene an extraordinary general
meeting, and extraordinary meetings shall be convened on such requisition or
in default may be convened by such requisitionists as provided by the Act.

8 Quora at general meetings are governed by Article 57 of Aik Chuan’s
Articles, which state the following:

No business shall be transacted at any general meeting unless a quorum of
members is present at the time when the meeting proceeds to business, and
continues to be present until the conclusion of the meeting. Save as herein
otherwise provided, two members present in person shall be a quorum…

9 Article 58 specifies what happens if there is no quorum:

If within half an hour from the time appointed for the meeting a quorum is not
present, the meeting, if convened upon the requisition of members, shall be
dissolved; in any other case it shall stand adjourned to the same day in the
next week at the same time and place, or to such other day and at such other
time and place as the directors may determine.

10 The Defendants refused to attend this EGM, and no quorum could be formed.
The Plaintiff attempted to have a 2nd EGM on 1 November 2014 to consider the
appointment of other persons as directors of Aik Chuan. The Defendants again
refused to attend, and the meeting was again inquorate. No issues were raised
as to the propriety of the requisitions for these meetings.

The Plaintiff’s Case

11 Relying on s 182 of the Companies Act, and the English case of _Union Music
Limited v Russell John Watson & Anor_ [2003] EWCA Civ 180 (“ _Union Music_ ”),
interpreting a provision _in pari materia_ , the Plaintiff contended that the
inability to convene a meeting with a quorum because of the 2nd to 7th
Defendants’ refusal to attend amounted to an impracticability, allowing the
Court to order the meeting to proceed on a quorum of one. It was further
argued that minority shareholders do not have a right of veto through the
quorum requirements.

12 It is said that the Defendants had in defending their position made
allegations which that were irrelevant to the Plaintiff’s application. The
Defendants justified their stand on the ground that the agreement to invest in
the Biomass Project was only on the basis that the Company would not invest
more than $6.5m in the project. Any balance was to be raised by AC Global on
its own. The Plaintiff contended that the Defendants, or at least the 2nd and
5th Defendants, knew all along that the financial support required went beyond
$6.5m.

13 In addition, the actions of the Plaintiff are intended to further the
interests of Aik Chuan. In contrast, the Defendants seek to pressure the
Plaintiff into agreeing to enter a share swap between these Defendants’ shares
in Aik Chuan, and the Plaintiff’s interests in the companies controlled by
these Defendants.

The Defendants’ Case

14 The Defendants argued that s 182 is not engaged as there is no deadlock in
the running of Aik Chuan’s business; that as Aik Chuan is a family business,
the Defendants had the right to use the quorum provision to defend their
interests. The Court should not grant an order under s 182 as the Plaintiff
merely sought to further his personal project.

15 The Defendants also contended that there was an agreement that Aik Chuan
would not need to lend more than $6.5m to a related company for the purposes
of the Biomass Plant. This assurance led the Defendants to agree to that loan.
Subsequently however, the Plaintiff informed them that $15m was needed. This
additional sum was objected to by these Defendants as they saw this as going
beyond the agreement that had been reached. As it was, a subsidiary of Aik
Chuan was caused by the Plaintiff to provide the Biomass entity with funds for
the project. The Plaintiff requisitioned two EGMs: the first to remove the 2nd
and 5th Defendants as directors of Aik Chuan, and the second to appoint two
persons friendly to him on to the board of directors. The Defendants declined
to attend both EGMs, leading to the present case.

The Decision

16 The main issue in this case was whether the Plaintiff should be permitted
to proceed with a quorum of one at a meeting of Aik Chuan to approve his
preferred course of action. In resisting the application by the Plaintiff to
do so, the Defendants relied on local cases which, they contend, recognise the
right of shareholders to effectively boycott company meetings and veto
proposals by their absence.

17 Grouping the issues a little differently from the parties, for ease of
discussion, the issues in the present case are thus:

(a) The operation of s 182 Companies Act

(b) ‘Impracticability’ and the court’s exercise of discretion under s 182 of
the Companies Act

(c) Whether minority shareholders are entitled in Singapore to cause a lack of
quorum; in particular,

(i) whether a different approach applies to family run companies; and

(ii) whether a family agreement is a sufficient basis to depart from the
general position under s 182 of the Companies Act.

18 I drew no distinction between membership and shareholding in the company in
my decision as the issue did not arise.

The operation of s 182 of the Companies Act

19 The portion of s 182 of the Companies Act relevant to the present case
reads as follows:

If for any reason, it is impracticable to call a meeting in any manner in
which meetings may be called or to conduct the meeting in the manner
prescribed by the articles or this Act, the Court may, either of its own
motion or on the application of any director or of any member who would be
entitled to vote at the meeting or the personal representative of any such
member, order a meeting to be called, held and conducted in such manner as the
Court thinks fit, and may give such ancillary or consequential directions as
it thinks expedient, including a direction that one member present in person
or proxy shall be deemed to constitute a meeting.…

20 The section thus provides in the present circumstances that:

(a) if it is impracticable to call a meeting or conduct a meeting as
prescribed by the Articles or the Companies Act,

(b) the Court may on the application of any director or member entitled to
vote

(c) order a meeting to be called, held and conducted in such a manner as the
Court considers fit, and

(d) give consequential directions, including a direction that a quorum of one
will suffice.

21 The approach has been laid down in _Union Music_ in clear terms. The case
looked at s 371 of the English Companies Act 1985, which is _in pari materia_
with s 182:

(1) If for any reason it is impracticable to call a meeting of a company in
any manner in which meetings of that company may be called, or to conduct the
meeting in the manner prescribed by the articles or this Act, the court may,
either of its own motion or on the application of any member of the company
who would be entitled to vote at the meeting, order a meeting to be called,
held and conducted in any manner the court thinks fit.

Where such an order is made, the court may give such ancillary or
consequential directions as it thinks expedient; and these may include a
direction that one member of the company present in person or by proxy be
deemed to constitute a meeting.

22 The English Court of Appeal in _Union Music_ ordered that a quorum
requirement could be dispensed with. In the view of the Court, a provision
requiring a quorum of two members’ attendance would not prevent a decision in
favour of an applicant who seeks a proper order, such as the appointment or
removal of a director, as that is something which a majority shareholder would
have the right to effect. In the words of Peter Gibson LJ, at para 49,
‘Companies should have effective boards able to take decisions’.

23 The Court of Appeal in _Union Music_ took a holistic assessment in
determining whether to exercise its powers. In the present case, the
Defendants advocated that even where an impracticability exists, the court
must find good reasons for the exercise of its discretion. This was
essentially a two stage approach. The different approaches should not lead to
different results. Nonetheless, the holistic assessment has the benefit of not
slicing up the analysis: matters going to impracticability and the exercise of
discretion will overlap considerably. This can be seen in the Defendants’ list
of matters establishing good reasons for the exercise of the court’s
discretion: deadlock affecting day-to-day management; inability of the company
to comply with statutory requirements; and the death of all corporators. There
is therefore little to be gained by separating out impracticability and the
existence of a good reason. A holistic assessment entails an assessment of
whether there is indeed impracticability and whether such impracticability is
of a sufficient degree as to call for the intervention of the court.

‘Impracticability’ and the court’s exercise of discretion under s 182 of the
Companies Act

24 As noted above, what s 182 requires is that there is an impracticability in
calling or conducting a meeting. An impracticability arises when the company
is unable to proceed with the meeting because quorum is not met through the
refusal of the members to attend. A number of other cases cited by the
Plaintiff underlined what amounted to impracticability and the approach that
should be adopted.

25 In _Re El Sombrero Ltd_ [1958] 3 WLR 349 (“ _Re El Sombrero_ ”), the
English court adopted the position that impracticability arose if the meeting
could not, as a practical matter, be conducted. Refusal to attend was found
sufficient to give rise to impracticability. As emphasised in _Union Music_ ,
the choice of a member to attend or not attend does not operate as a right of
veto or the ability to frustrate the majority. This was followed in _Re Woven
Rugs Limited_ [2002] 1 BCLC 324.

26 A concise statement of this position is found in _Phuar Kong Seng v Lim
Hua_ [2005] 2 MLJ 338. In that case the plaintiff sought an order from the
Malaysian High Court under s 150 of the Companies Act (1950) on the grounds
that it was impracticable to conduct a meeting as prescribed by the Articles:
attempts to call meetings were defeated on various occasions by lack of
quorum. Zaleha Zahari J noted at para 16 to 17:

It is a basic principle of company law that the corporate will is advanced by
the resolution of the company in general meeting in matters in which the
general meeting is competent to act and that the majority of members controls
the decision-making in the company by the exercise of its voting power. A
related principle is that voting rights are in the nature of property and
members may exercise this power in their own self-interest.

I am in agreement with the submission of the plaintiff’s counsel that the
quorum provisions cannot be regarded as conferring a form of veto on a
minority party in a situation where a deadlock exists. The proposed
resolutions involved the interests of the plaintiff and the defendant qua
shareholders and as such shareholders they are accordingly free to exercise
their voting rights to advance their own self-interest.

27 With respect, the position adopted by Zaleha Zahari J is sound, as it gives
due weight to the property rights of the shareholders, and their respective
autonomy to act in their own interests.

28 Similarly, in _Re Success Plan Ltd_ [2002] 3 HKLRD 610 at [43], in respect
of the Hong Kong equivalent of s 182 of the CA, Yuen JA stated the following:

It is well-established law that the refusal of another shareholder to form a
quorum for a meeting is an example of a situation where it would be
impracticable to call a meeting of the company (eg _Re El Sombrero Ltd_ [1958]
Ch 900). A quorum requirement does not confer a veto power on a majority
shareholder by his ability to prevent a shareholders’ meeting from being held
(_Re Opera Photographic Ltd_ [1989] 1 WLR 634), unless the minority
shareholder has a special right attached to his shares rendering his presence
at meetings indispensable (eg _BML Group Ltd v Harman_ [1994] 1 WLR 893).

29 Yuen JA considered whether the court’s discretion should be exercised. It
was noted that the possibility of unfair prejudice would be taken into
account, but it was found that there was nothing before the court to show that
all the resolutions sought to be passed were clearly oppressive.

30 From the above discussion, we can see that case law from various
jurisdictions clearly supports the position that an inability to meet quorum
requirements due to members not wanting to attend the meeting is an example of
there being impracticability under s 182 of the Companies Act (or its
equivalent), and can be a grounds for judicial intervention.

31 As a matter of interpretation alone of s 182, refusal to attend, causing a
failure to meet quorum requirements, is an impracticability.
‘Impracticability’ is defined in the _New Shorter Oxford English Dictionary on
Historical Principles_ (Lesley Brown, ed) (Oxford University Press, 1993) as

(a) the quality or condition of being impracticable;

(b) an impracticable thing.

32 ‘Impracticable’ in turn is defined as “[n]ot practicable; unable to be
carried out or done; impossible in practice”. It seems to me that all s 182
contemplates is that there be something which prevents the meeting from being
conducted, though whether or not an order should be granted is for the court’s
assessment of the circumstances.

33 The Defendants on the other hand argued that good reasons exist in more
limited circumstances than in the present case. They say that there must be
general deadlock preventing day to day management, inability to comply with
statutory requirements, or a situation where all members have died. It is said
none of these circumstances exist here. This proposition is derived by the
Defendants from cases such as _Beck v Tuckey Pty Ltd and Others_ (2004) 49
ACSR 555 (Supreme Court of New South Wales) (“ _Beck v Tuckey_ ”) as well as
_Re Opera Photographic Ltd_ [1989] 1 WLR 634 (“ _Re Opera_ ”).

34 In _Beck v Tuckey_ , while the judge found that there was insufficient
deadlock as nothing stopped day-to-day operations, it was telling that in that
specific case, the parties indicated that they were prepared to negotiate to
resolve their differences. The judge stated (at [51]) “I believe the court
should be reluctant to intervene in the dispute in a partial fashion when
there is a prospect that such negotiations will take place and might succeed.”
The final order indicated that mediation was to be ordered under the Supreme
Court Act 1970 (NSW). The strength of that case as authority for the
proposition that impracticability requires the failure of day-to-day
operations is therefore relatively weak. There were clearly other salient
reasons that motivated the court’s ultimate finding.

35 Requiring deadlock extending to day to day management is setting the bar
too high. Section 182 does not actually use the word ‘deadlock’. That section
simply requires that there be impracticability. Certainly, deadlock would
amount to an impracticability, but an impracticability is not synonymous with
deadlock. The Defendants in effect seek to put a gloss on s 182 that restricts
its operation to fairly extreme situations of distress for the company. The
words of the provision do not support this gloss. The Defendants have not
shown anything in parliamentary debates or other referable material that would
compel the adoption of such a limited meaning to the word ‘impracticability’.
The English Court of Appeal in _Union Music_ did not take on such a gloss
either.

36 Both the Defendants and the Plaintiff referred to the case of _In re Opera
Photographic Ltd_ in support of their respective cases. That case involved an
application for an order under s 371 of the Companies Act 1985 allowing a
quorum of one at a meeting of the company. Morritt J after referring to _Re El
Sombrero Ltd_ , and other authorities, said, at p 636H to 637A:

The plain fact of this matter is that deadlock exists between the two
individuals which has to be resolved one way or another. It is either capable
of being resolved by ordering a meeting, at which no doubt Mr. Martin will be
removed, and which will then no doubt result either in him exercising the pre-
emption rights under the articles of selling his shares, or presenting a
petition for the winding-up of the company, or presenting a petition under
section 459 of the Act of 1985 based on unfair prejudice to him. Equally, if
no order is made the deadlock will continue because no meetings can be
conducted which are going effectively to manage or procure the management of
this company, and if that persists for any length of time then no doubt one or
other of the individuals will again be presenting a petition based on that
deadlock in order to provide some form of resolution.

37 Morritt J was concerned with a situation of deadlock in the meeting of
members. His Lordship’s remarks were made in the context of a failure between
members to agree. There is nothing in those remarks dealing with day-to-day
operations or management; rather the focus was on ‘management’ in the sense of
the setting of a direction for the company by its members. Furthermore,
Morritt J was dealing only with an aspect of impracticability. There is
nothing in His Lordship’s judgment which could be read as equating
impracticability with the existence of deadlock. This case therefore did not
assist the Defendants.

38 The Defendants also referred to _Re Sticky Fingers Restaurant_ [1992] BCLC
84 as support for the proposition that something of the nature of an
obstruction of the business of the company is required. In that case, the
inability of the company to conduct meetings of the members or the board
resulted in the company having difficulties in dealing with its accounts and
tax issues. Again, that would be a specific instance of when the discretion
should be exercised. It was not meant to limit the discretion to only those
situations.

39 The Defendants cited _Jenashare Pty Ltd v Lemrib Pty Ltd_ (1993) 11 ACSR
345 (Supreme Court of New South Wales) (“ _Jenashare_ ”), for the proposition
that impracticability is made out where the corporators (presumably the
members) are all dead, having been killed in an accident. That would be one
example of impracticability. But _Jenashare_ itself recognised that was but
one instance. What Young J said was, at p 349 to 350:

Section 251 [the equivalent of s 182] permits the court to order meetings in
case of impracticability. Impracticability will cover a wide range of
circumstances, from the case where all the corporators have been killed in an
aircraft accident, down to situations where it is extremely inconvenient for a
meeting to be called.

40 A wide range of circumstances was thus recognised in that case. Young J
went on to note that the court has discretion, but would not intervene unless
there is evidence of “a good reason to do so” (at p 350). In particular, where
there is a prescribed procedure to deal with the impracticability the company
faces, the court would ordinarily not make an order unless there is strong
evidence. It is also noteworthy that in that case, at the time of the hearing,
it was purely a matter of speculation whether a meeting held would be
inquorate (at p 350).

41 The other restricted circumstances identified by the Defendants are just
instances where the power under s 182 should be exercised. But these instances
cannot circumscribe the ambit of that section. That would be unduly
restrictive.

Whether minority shareholders are entitled to cause a lack of quorum

42 The Defendants pointed to cases which they contend show that minority
shareholders can legitimately cause a lack of quorum. These were primarily
those that engaged s 392 of the Companies Act, which deals with
irregularities, including absence of quora, such as _Chang Benety and ors v
Tang Kin Fei and ors_ [2012] 1 SLR 274 (“ _Chang Benety_ ”). These cases are
concerned with whether there has been such an irregularity in compliance with
requirements that a substantial injustice results.

43 In the High Court in _Tang Kin Fei and others v Chang Benety and others_
[2011] 1 SLR 568 (“ _Chang Benety HC_ ”) at [39], Justice Woo Bih Li, at first
instance, noted that the defensive tactic referred to is legitimate, at para
[39]:

I was of the view that the starting point should be that where there is a
provision which allows one party to engage in the defensive tactic mentioned
above, he is, _prima facie_ , entitled to do so. Where there is a deadlock in
the sense that no quorum can be formed for a board meeting, I was of the view
that to allow one party to push ahead with his agenda in the absence of the
other party was _prima facie_ an injustice which was substantial because he
was denying the other party the right to stop the proposing party from
proceeding with his agenda, a right which the parties had agreed to
beforehand.

44 These remarks were in the context of an application under s 392, on
irregularity. The position stated by Justice Woo was that there would be
_prima facie_ injustice thereby requiring the party seeking an order of court
to show that grounds existed for validation. In such a s 392 application, the
Court would need to consider whether an irregularity has caused or will cause
substantial injustice which cannot be remedied. The court, adopting the
approach in _The Oriental Insurance Co Ltd v Reliance National Asia Pte Ltd_
[2008] 3 SLR (R) 121, as noted by Woo J, would consider a holistic weighing
and balancing of the various interests. This is demonstrated by his analysis
of the different prayers sought in the case before him: vide paras 41 to 48.
The approach is thus different from that under s 182. Authorities such as _Re
El Sombrero_ and _Union Music_ were not considered by Woo J.

45 The distinction between the two requirements under s 182 and 392 is there
because of the different perspectives involved. Section 392 operates _post
hoc_. Where an irregularity arises such as a decision taken at an inquorate
meeting, the question that is examined is whether a substantial injustice has
arisen, because of the conduct of the party proceeding in breach. In contrast,
when the court’s intervention is sought under s 182, the issue is whether the
meeting should be permitted to go ahead, and the prescribed criteria under
that section is impracticability. No decision has yet been made; the only
question is the holding of the meeting. The decision may yet be influenced by
those choosing to attend. They are given that opportunity, slim though it may
be at times, and it is for them to decide what to make of it.

46 At the Court of Appeal in _Chang Benety_ , the Court of Appeal was
concerned with not just a quorum requirement, but representation reflecting a
position reached under a shareholder’s agreement, at para [48]:

It bears noting that the quorum requirement in the present case was not merely
an ordinary one specifying a minimum _number_ as such but also one which
related, in fact, to the issue of _representation_ on the board of directors.
This requirement was to ensure that parties would have their interests
represented at board meetings and could thus prevent the Company from making
any decision which would prejudice them. The importance of this requirement is
evident as it was not only provided for in the articles of association but
enshrined in the Shareholders’ Agreement as well. In our view, where such a
quorum requirement is breached, there will _prima facie_ be substantial
injustice to the side which exercised its deadlock rights.

[emphasis in the original]

47 In contrast, there is no shareholder agreement in the present case. The
Defendants instead rely on a family understanding, which will be dealt with
below.

48 The next case relied upon by the Defendants to illustrate that the
minority’s refusal to attend meetings is acceptable in the local context is
the High Court decision in _Re Goodwealth Trading Pte Ltd_ [1990] 2 SLR(R) 691
(“ _Re Goodwealth HC_ ”). The Defendants argued that that case established a
principle that a refusal to attend a meeting is a recognised defensive
strategy. _Re Goodwealth HC_ was however a case concerned with winding up on
just and equitable grounds under s 254. At the High Court, a preliminary point
had arisen as to whether solicitors were properly appointed, as there was no
quorum at the relevant meeting. In recounting the facts of the case, Yong Pung
How CJ (sitting as a Judge of the High Court) stated:

Within the company, one defensive tactic which was used by the petitioner
throughout this confrontation was to refuse to attend directors’ meetings, so
that there could not be the necessary quorum of two for a valid directors’
meeting. The result of the use by the petitioner of this defensive tactic was
that, while the restaurant business could be continued in some sort of way, no
corporate decisions of the board of directors could be made.

49 In my view, this was not an endorsement of the use of absenteeism from
meetings. It merely described what happened in the company as a matter of
historical fact. The rest of the judgment was concerned with whether winding
up on just and equitable grounds was made out. For the reasons above, I was of
the view that this case bore little relevance to the present one. As for the
decision on appeal in _Chua Kien How v Goodwealth Trading Pte Ltd and another_
[1992] 1 SLR(R) 870 (“ _Re Goodwealth CA_ ”), the focus was specifically on
winding up on just and equitable grounds. .

50 I next consider _Sum Hong Kum v Li Pin Furniture Industries Pte Ltd_ [1996]
1 SLR(R) 529 (“ _Sum Hong Kum_ ”), which concerned a company which had been
incorporated specifically to take over the business of a partnership. The
partners’ respective positions in the partnership were to be carried over into
the company. The relationship between them _qua_ shareholders was thus
governed by their prior relationship as partners. As they each held equal
shares and equal say in the running of the partnership, the holding by the
judge that a proper quorum had to include all three of the founding members is
understandable. That situation is however different from the present case.

51 The above cases thus do not establish a general rule that impracticability
under s 182 does not capture inquorate meetings. What is required is that the
court should make a holistic assessment, considering whether the events,
omission or other actions require its intervention. As a matter of principle,
impracticability is made out in the present case as the refusal of members to
attend meetings perverts the point of membership and the meeting process. As
has been emphasised in the English cases discussed above, a minority
shareholder or member cannot use the quorum provision as a _de facto_ veto
mechanism, allowing him to obstruct the desires of the majority shareholder. A
meeting is a mechanism to allow decisions to be made. Proposals are meant to
be put, debated and voted upon. The quorum is to ensure only that there is at
least a minimal opportunity to debate and convince. It is part of the
structure of a proper meeting. On the other hand, allowing the minority to
cause the meeting to fail by staying away gives them a _de facto_ veto,
allowing them to scupper the mechanism of decision-making. The proposal is not
defeated through persuasion and tallying of those empowered to decide, as it
should be; instead, it is defeated by the minority by their refusal to allow
the matter to go to a vote at all. Veto by lack of quorum is nothing more than
the imposition of the will of the minority on the majority. In my view, such
impracticability justifies the court exercising its powers under s 182 of the
CA.

52 It may be otherwise, if the minority could point to some basis that it
would be inequitable or cause a substantial injustice, such as a shareholders’
agreement requiring specific representation at a meeting, or even enshrining a
general position that decisions are to be made on a cooperative or consensual
basis among the members or shareholders.

53 There is no shareholders’ agreement in the present case, but the Defendants
rely on: a) a different approach for family run companies to the position; and
b) an agreement between the family members in the present case.

Whether a different approach applies to family run companies

54 The Defendants cited a number of local cases which they contend point
towards a different approach, permitting them to avoid attending EGMs without
triggering the operation of s 182. It was contended that local law recognised
rights under the quorum provisions. The cases relied upon by the Defendants
are in particular, _Chow Kwok Chuen v Chow Kwok Chi and another_ [2008] 4
SLR(R) 362 (“ _Chow Kwok Chuen_ ”) and _Sum Hong Kum_.

55 _Chow Kwok Chuen_ was cited for the proposition that family run companies
are in a special class of their own. It is true that the familial relations,
expectations and duties underlying the incorporation and management of
companies held by family members can in some circumstances provide a special
context for the interpretation of rights and obligations between such family
members. However, I do not understand the Court of Appeal in _Chow Kwok Chuen_
to go beyond this. How the familial context influences the outcome of a
particular case will depend on the facts of the particular case.

56 In _Chow Kwok Chuen_ ¸ three brothers holding interests of roughly similar
sizes in various companies founded by their father were in deadlock. The case
came before the court because one brother sought to wind up the companies on
the just and equitable ground. There are several important factual
distinctions between _Chow Kwok Chuen_ and the present case. They are as
follows:

(a) The family arrangements in _Chow Kwok Chuen_ were much more elaborate.

(b) The deadlock was between roughly equal shareholders.

(c) The case was concerned with winding-up.

These reasons point to distinguishing factors.

57 The family arrangements in _Chow Kwok Chuen_ were much more elaborate than
in the present case. The Court of Appeal noted at para 32 that

In the present case, the Companies were incorporated by Mr Chow with the
intention of using them to hold properties for the family's benefit, and he
made special provision in the articles of association of each company to
ensure that his wishes of wealth distribution and management involvement for
male descendants were achieved. This was described by the Judge in the GD as
follows (at [6]):

Mr Chow devoted most of his life to building up his fortune, acquiring real
properties and incorporating the companies to hold the properties. He intended
the companies to be family companies and he made special provision in the
articles of association of each company in order to ensure that his wishes
were achieved. In ADPL, the articles provided that Mr and Mrs Chow would be
the governing directors and could not be removed from office by any director
or shareholder. Further, every male descendent of Mr Chow in the male line who
turned 21 years of age and notified ADPL of his desire to be appointed had to
be appointed as a director of the company. In CCPL too, Mr Chow was the
governing director who could not be removed and his adult male descendents in
the male line were entitled to be appointed as directors of the company. In
Lee Tung, Mr and Mrs Chow were the governing directors. Membership in that
company was restricted to Mrs Chow, male descendents of Mr Chow in the male
line and Mr Chow's lawful daughter. It can be discerned that, all in all, Mr
Chow was a very traditional man.

58 The arrangements in _Chow Kwok Chuen_ were intricate, encompassing
restrictions on who could become directors or members, and clearly limiting or
excluding the involvement of outsiders to the family in the high level
supervision of the companies. Indeed, the restrictions were in favour of the
male descendants of the founder. All of that is absent in the present case.
There is no restriction on membership or directorship, and certainly no
restriction to a specific line of descent. _Chow Kwok Chuen_ thus is case
determined on very special facts and very special circumstances.

59 In addition to the specific family arrangements underlying the corporate
structure, _Chow Kwok Chuen_ is also distinguishable as the competing
shareholders in that case held roughly equal holdings. In contrast, here, the
Plaintiff holds a majority in Aik Chuan. In other companies, the position is
reversed, with various Defendants holding the majority interests, while the
Plaintiff holds clearly minority stakes. The inference is that each party
would be in control of a different company. A diversity of interests, and
objectives is thus accommodated.

60 Finally, the fact that _Chow Kwok Chuen_ was concerned with winding-up is
significant. The Court of Appeal had to consider winding-up on just and
equitable grounds. While winding up on that basis is not confined to quasi-
partnerships, it is easier to establish a sufficient basis if the company in
question is a quasi-partnership of the sort found in _Chow Kwok Chuen_. With
roughly equal holdings, and an expectation of adherence to family values, any
departure from a common understanding would probably make out a basis for the
winding up of the family’s corporate enterprise. The focus is different from
that in an analysis under s 182. In a winding-up, the issue is whether the
basis for the enterprises still remains. That examination of the existence of
the basis is broader than whether an impracticability in holding a meeting
exists requiring the intervention of the court.

61 None of these cases thus support the Defendants’ contention that a special
rule applies for family companies on the facts such as the present. The only
rule, or principle laid down is that there needs to be an appreciation of the
context of the incorporation of a company in construing the contract between
its members.

Whether a family agreement provides a sufficient basis to depart from the
general position under s 182

62 The Defendants submit that the Plaintiff was pursuing his personal project,
and that he should not be allowed to pursue it as it was not in the family’s
contemplation or with the family’s agreement. The Defendants also submit that
there is a family arrangement or agreement that decision-making should be
collective. It is this agreement that the Defendants seek to ask the court to
uphold.

63 As noted above, there may be instances in which the court may impose
additional obligations on the parties even if such obligations cannot be found
in the formal agreement between the members (_i.e._ in the Articles and
Memorandum of Association). For instance, where the company succeeds a
partnership, as in a situation similar to that in _Sum Hong Kum_ , with the
parties holding similar interests in the company as they did in the
partnership, even if there were no formal agreement, it may possibly be
inferred that the relationship and balance of power between the parties are to
remain as when they were partners.

64 Although the Defendants attempted to argue that the facts of the present
case are similar to that in _Sum Hong Kum_ , it was clear to me that
additional obligations restricting the Plaintiff’s freedom of action as
shareholder to decide what he wanted to do with his interest in the company,
and how to use his shareholding to direct the activities of the company,
should not be imposed. The Defendants pointed to the fact that the company was
founded by the Plaintiff’s father, as well as to the fact that each of the
children held majorities in different companies, with the rest of the
shareholding in each company split among the siblings. It was argued that it
was the intention of the family and the father of the Plaintiff, Mr Lim Lam
Hong, who founded Aik Chuan, intended that the family should further the
family’s interests collectively. This, they argued, requires collective
consultation.

65 There was certainly nothing in the nature of a Shareholder’s Agreement,
capturing all the parties’ express or implied acceptance that there would be
constraints, expressly or impliedly. _Sum Hong Kum_ , in particular, involved
a situation of another degree altogether. The position of the partners was
crystallised in the company as the company effectively succeeded to the
structure of the partnership. There is no such crystallisation in the present
case. Furthermore, unlike _Sum Hong_ Kum, the interests of the parties are not
equal, and one person is clearly in control of Aik Chuan. There was nothing to
show that that control ought to be effectively lessened in any way. The
arrangements that were made in the companies held by the Defendants and the
Plaintiff, with differentiated shareholdings and control of different
companies by different family members, did not lead to the conclusion that
there was a common basis between the parties that would be given legal effect.
The wishes and hopes that may have been reflected in the differentiated
shareholdings did not create a definite obligation between the Defendants and
Plaintiff that should be given effect to by the Court. A definite binding
bargain, whether between shareholders or partners in a joint enterprise, is
what is needed.

Miscellaneous Issues

66 The parties recounted the financial arrangements and agreements between
themselves. Save as some aspects may be material to the determination of the s
182 application, I did not address the status or impact of all of these. The
Defendants are free to consider if there are other avenues to pursue and other
provisions to invoke to protect their interests. All that I was concerned with
in this case was the application by the Plaintiff for an order on the quorum
at the meeting of the Company.

Conclusion

67 In the present case, the Defendants have chosen not to attend two EGMs
called by the Plaintiff. There is no shareholders’ agreement. The effect of
their absence is that matters could not be put to the vote; while the agenda
of the two EGMs relate to different matters, the upshot of the boycott of the
EGMs is that investments in the biomass project could not be effected. That to
my mind is sufficient impracticability, and it is of an appropriate degree as
to call for the court to intervene.

Costs

68 Costs were not ordered as the Plaintiff took the position that it was not
necessary.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 15 Apr 2015 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

