Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  The “Vinalines Pioneer”  
[2015] SGHCR 1

Case Number| :| Admiralty in Rem No 163 of 2013 (Summons No 4029 of 2013)  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 12 December 2014  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Jay Lee Yuxian AR  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Vivian Ang, Yap Yin Soon, Bryna Yeo (Allen & Gledhill
LLP) for the Plaintiff; Philip Tay, Yip Li Ming (Rajah & Tann LLP) for the
Defendant.  
Parties| :|  The "Vinalines Pioneer"  
  
12 December 2014| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Jay Lee Yuxian AR:

1 This was the Defendant’s application to (a) set aside the Plaintiff’s
admiralty writ _in rem_ for want of admiralty jurisdiction under the High
Court Admiralty Jurisdiction Act (“HC(AJ)A”) and/or (b) to strike out the
admiralty writ _in rem_ and the statement of claim pursuant to O 18 r 19 of
the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R5, 2006 Ed) (“ROC”) or the Court’s inherent
jurisdiction. Although not specifically prayed for in the original summons,
the Defendant submitted at the hearing that as an alternative prayer, they
sought to set aside the arrest of _The “Vinalines Pioneer”_ on the ground of
material non-disclosure in the hearing of the Plaintiff’s application for the
Warrant of Arrest (“Arrest hearing”) as well as in the Plaintiff’s affidavit
supporting its application for the Warrant of Arrest (“Arrest Affidavit”).

2 The Defendant’s further prayed that the Plaintiff be ordered to return to
the Defendant the Letter of Undertaking dated 11 June 2013 and also for the
Plaintiff to pay the Defendant damages for the wrongful arrest of the vessel
_The “Vinalines Pioneer”_.

Overview

Background facts leading to the arrest of The “Vinalines Pioneer”

3 The tragic incident at the heart of this application was the sinking of the
vessel “Phu Tan” in the Tonkin Gulf on or around 16 December 2010 which lead
to the loss of lives and property on board the “Phu Tan”. The relevant events
leading up to the arrest which is the subject matter of this application are
set out below.

4 The Plaintiff is Hung Dao Container Joint Stock Company (“HD”), a Vietnamese
incorporated company who had supplied the containers which were used on the
“Phu Tan”. The Defendant is Vietnam National Shipping Lines, (“Vinalines”),
the owner of “Phu Tan” and ‘ _The “Vinalines Pioneer”_ ’. They are a state
owned company incorporated in Vietnam, and are said to be in the commercial
business of shipping, port operations and _inter alia_ , the provision of
coastal and ocean-going freight transportation services.

5 The Defendant has a branch office known as Vinalines Container Shipping
Company (“VCSC”). The Plaintiff’s case is that in or around June 2010 the
Plaintiff and the Defendant (through their branch office VCSC) entered into a
Container Lease Agreement no. 500710T/2010/HD-VCSC (the “2010 CLC”). It was
conceded by the Defendant for the purposes of the present application, that
Vinalines was the party to the 2010 CLC.

6 According to the Plaintiff, under the 2010 CLC, the Plaintiff agreed, _inter
alia_ , to lease containers to the Defendant for shipping their goods. I would
note here that in the course of the hearings, there arose a dispute as to
whether the 111 containers were in fact leased pursuant to the 2010 CLC. The
parties also crossed swords on what was the correct translation of Article 1.1
of the 2010 CLC. These issues are addressed at [53] to [61] below.

7 Sometime in and around December 2010, the 111 containers which were on lease
to the Defendant were loaded on the Defendant’s vessel “Phu Tan” for carriage
from Ho Chi Minh/Danang to Hai Phong. On 16 December 2010, the Defendant’s
vessel “Phu Tan” capsized and sank. The sinking of the “Phu Tan” resulted in
the loss of lives as well as all containers on board, including the 111
containers which are the subject of contention in the present proceedings.

8 The Plaintiff was informed by the Defendants by way of a letter dated 10
March 2011 that the “Phu Tan” had sank with all containers on board and that
the 111 containers were a total loss. The Plaintiff alleged that following the
incident, they made numerous attempts to recover compensation for the loss of
the containers but were unsuccessful. The Plaintiff filed proceedings in
Vietnam on 7 August 2012 but allege that there has been little progress in the
Vietnamese proceedings save that the Defendant had on 16 May 2013 belatedly
filed a “purported Explanation” which I surmise is a court document to be
filed in the normal course of court proceedings in Vietnam.

9 The Plaintiff subsequently filed proceedings in Singapore on 4 June 2013. On
7 June 2013, the Plaintiff applied for and obtained the warrant of arrest (at
the “Arrest Hearing”) and they arrested the vessel _The “Vinalines Pioneer”_
(“the Arrested Vessel”) on 9 June 2013. The Arrested Vessel was released on 11
June 2013 upon security being furnished. Subsequently, the Defendant entered
appearance on 20 June 2013. The Plaintiff filed their Statement of Claim
(“SOC”) on 12 June 2013 and the amended SOC was served on the Defendant on 25
July 2013. The Defendant then brought the present application.

Procedural history of the application

10 The present application was initially heard on 27 September 2013 and then
31 October 2013. A further set of dates were taken in January 2014 in order to
complete the hearing. Thereafter, the following series of procedural
skirmishes, briefly set out below, ensued.

11 Prior to the adjourned hearing in January 2014, the Defendants filed a
further affidavit by Tran Phuong Thuy dated 2 January 2014 and essentially
sought to adduce further evidence which they alleged was relevant to their
case on whether admiralty jurisdiction was properly invoked under section
3(1)(l) of the HC(AJ)A and whether there was material non-disclosure by the
Plaintiff. Given the seriousness of the allegations and the potential
significance of the further evidence to the determination of the issues, I
granted leave for the further affidavit to be admitted and allowed parties the
opportunity to file further affidavits to address the further points of
contention raised. In the course of events, parties subsequently filed further
affidavits and provided discovery of further documents. The further evidence
essentially comprised documents known as the Equipment Interchange Receipts
(“EIRs”) and booking orders which were essentially documents exchanged between
the parties to evidence the supply of a container from the Plaintiff to the
Defendant.

12 The hearing resumed in end April 2014 and at the end of the hearing,
parties were given leave to file written supplemental submissions to address
some points which had not been fully addressed during the course of the
hearing. However, the Plaintiff subsequently filed an application for leave to
admit a further affidavit from their Vietnamese law expert, Luu Tien Dzung to
address the issue of whether the Plaintiff’s claim was time-barred. I allowed
the admission of the Plaintiff’s further affidavit, in the interests of the
overall justice of the matter, given that it had potential significance to the
time-bar issue which was being relied upon by the Defendant both as a ground
for striking out and as a basis for setting aside the arrest for material non-
disclosure. The Defendant was also given the opportunity to file reply
affidavits on this issue. Another minor skirmish arose when the Defendant
subsequently applied to strike out the further affidavit filed by the
Plaintiffs’ Vietnamese law expert and this was resolved in favour of the
Plaintiff. The parties eventually returned before me in end August 2014 and
made their final arguments in the application.

13 At this juncture, it would be useful to broadly outline the parties’
respective arguments.

The Parties’ Arguments

14 The Defendant’s grounds for the setting aside were two-fold. First, they
contended that the admiralty writ should be set aside as the Plaintiff’s claim
did not fall within the jurisdictional limbs which the Plaintiff sought to
rely on under section 3(1) of the HC(AJ)A. Separately, and as an independent
ground for setting aside the arrest, they alleged that there was material non-
disclosure in the Arrest Hearing and in the Plaintiff’s arrest affidavit filed
by Tran Van Hung on 7 June 2013 (“Arrest Affidavit”).

15 The Defendant’s case on striking out was premised on O18 r 19(1)(b) of the
ROC and the inherent jurisdiction of the court, and based on the grounds that
first the Plaintiff’s claim was time-barred and second that so far as the non-
contractual claims were concerned, there was “not a shred of evidence” to
support these claims, and that there is no evidence of “double actionability”.

16 The Defendant further asserted that this was a case where damages for
wrongful arrest should be awarded as the claim was entirely without substance
or foundation and that there was material non-disclosure by the Plaintiff in
the Arrest Hearing as well as in the Arrest Affidavit filed by Tran Van Hung
dated 7 June 2013.

17 In response, the Plaintiff contended that their present claim did fall
within section 3(1), in particular sections 3(1)(d), (g) and/or (l) of the
HC(AJ)A such that Admiralty jurisdiction was properly invoked. The Plaintiff
argued that the nature of their claim was fully set out in the Arrest
Affidavit as well as in the Indorsement of Claim. In particular, the Plaintiff
asserted that they had provided sufficient information on, _inter alia_ , the
following:

(a) The details of the 2010 CLC between the parties and the material terms
therein;

(b) the subject matter of the claim i.e. the loss of the 111 containers,

(c) The Plaintiff’s locus to sue, i.e. as the owners and/or lessors and/or
bailors and/or persons entitled to immediate possession or having a
reversionary interests in respect of the 111 containers;

(d) The basis upon which the claim was brought against the Defendant i.e. as
the bailees and/or carriers of the containers;

(e) That the 111 containers were carried on board the Defendant’s vessel “Phu
Tan” in or around December 2010 from Ho Chih Minh City and/or Danang to Hai
Phong;

(f) That the 111 containers were for the vessel’s operation or maintenance or
were equipment of the “Phu Tan”;

(g) That the 111 containers were lost when the Defendant’s vessel ”Phu Tan”
sank on 16 December 2010.

18 As to the striking out, the Plaintiff asserted that there were merits to
their present claim and it was a legally and factually sustainable claim.

19 Finally, the Plaintiff asserted that there was no material non-disclosure
on their part and that in any event there was no _mala fides_ or _crassia
negligentia_ which would justify an award of damages for wrongful arrest being
made against them.

The Issues before this Court

20 Distilled to its core, the issues before this court can be set out as
follows:

(a) The invocation of the admiralty in rem jurisdiction of the court: whether
the Plaintiff’s claim falls within section 3(1)(d), (g) and/or (l) of the
HC(AJ)A such that admiralty jurisdiction was properly invoked;

(b) The sustainability of the Plaintiff’s claims: whether the Plaintiff’s
claim should be struck out under O 18 r 19 of the ROC and/or the inherent
jurisdiction of the court;

(c) The material non-disclosure: whether there was material non-disclosure
such that the Court should exercise its discretion to set aside the arrest;
and

(d) In the event that the arrest was set aside or the claim struck out,
whether the Plaintiff was liable to pay damages for the wrongful arrest

21 I address these issues in turn.

Issue I: Whether Admiralty jurisdiction was properly or validly invoked

The Law

22 I begin by examining the various steps and standards of proof involved in
invoking admiralty jurisdiction under the HC(AJ)A. As set out by the Court of
Appeal in _The “Bunga Melati 5”_ [2012] 4 SLR 546 (“ _The Bunga Melati_ 5”) at
[112], the Plaintiffs have to satisfy a 5 step test when challenged, namely:

(a) prove, _on the balance of probabilities_ , that the jurisdictional facts
under the limb it is relying on in s 3(1)(d) to (q) of the HC(AJ)A exist; and
show _an arguable case_ that its claim is of the type or nature required by
the relevant statutory provision (“step 1”);

(b) prove, _on the balance of probabilities_ , that the claim arises in
connection with a ship (“step 2”);

(c) identify, _without having to show in argument_ , the person who would be
liable on the claim in an action in personam (“step 3”);

(d) prove, _on the balance of probabilities_ , that the relevant person was,
when the cause of action arose, the owner or charterer of, or in possession or
in control of, the ship (“step 4”); and

(e) prove, _on the balance of probabilities_ , that the relevant person, was
at the time when the action was brought: (i) the beneficial owner of the
offending ship as respects all the shares in it or the charterer of that ship
under a demise charter; or (ii) the beneficial owner of the sister ship as
respects all the shares in it (“step 5”).

23 For the purposes of the present application, the Defendant was content not
to dispute steps 2 to 5. The challenge on jurisdiction was thus focused solely
on step 1 of the 5-step test as laid down in _The Bunga Melati 5_. There are
two aspects to step 1. First, it must be proven on a balance of probabilities
that the requisite jurisdictional facts exist. The second essential question
is whether the Plaintiff’s claim is of the legal character contemplated by the
jurisdictional limb relied upon in section 3(1) of the HC(AJ)A.

24 For the present application, the Plaintiff asserted that their claim fell
within sections 3(1)(d), (g) and/or (l) of the HC(AJ)A. Although the arrest
was initially premised additionally on the jurisdictional limb under section
3(1)(m) of the HC(AJ)A, Plaintiff’s counsel clarified that for the present
application they were no longer relying on section 3(1)(m) of the HC(AJ)A as a
basis for invoking admiralty jurisdiction of the court. The Plaintiff’s
counsel also submitted, rightly in my view, that if their claim was found to
come within one of the jurisdictional limbs under section 3(1)(d), (g) or (l),
it would suffice to bring the claim within the admiralty jurisdiction of the
court.

25 The following analyses assesses if the Plaintiff’s claim falls within the
jurisdictional limbs under section 3(1)(d), (g) and/or (l) of the HC(AJ)A.

Section 3(1)(d) – Any claim for Damage done by a Ship

26 Section 3(1)(d) provides that the admiralty jurisdiction of the court shall
extend to “any claim for damage done by a ship”.

27 The main jurisdictional facts relied upon here are uncontroversial. It is
not disputed that the “Phu Tan” sank and the 111 containers supplied by the
Plaintiffs to the Defendants which were on board the “Phu Tan” were lost.

28 However, there appeared to be some dispute on whether the sinking of the
“Phu Tan” and the loss of the containers was caused by those engaged in the
navigation or management of the ship. The Plaintiff submitted that the
Investigation Conclusion No/ 256/BCDTCVHHHP dated 15 March 2011
(“Investigation Conclusion”) issued by the Hai Phong Port Authority revealed
in its conclusions, _inter alia_ that the poor navigation of the ship and
inappropriate actions taken by the master and crew in the navigation or
operation of the ship led to the sinking and loss of the containers. The
Defendant’s counsel on the other hand, brought to my attention a subsequent
letter from the Hai Phong Port Authority dated 9 May 2011 which, they
submitted, clarified that the bad weather condition was “the proximate cause
of the incident, other contributing factors only considered as results of the
bad weather condition”. In my view, the letter from the Hai Phong Port
Authority dated 9 May 2011 was unclear. Whilst it stated that the bad weather
condition was “the proximate cause of the incident”, it nevertheless still
referred to the other factors as “contributing factors” and it did not
expressly reject any of its earlier findings in the Investigation Conclusion.
Having considered the totality of both documents, I would accept that the loss
was caused by those engaged in the navigation or management of the ship.

29 The main issue argued before me by parties was whether the claim was of the
legal character contemplated under section 3(1)(d) of the HC(AJ)A. Citing
various authorities including the English authorities of _The “Rama”_ [1996] 2
Lloyd’s Rep 291 (“ _The Rama_ ”), _The “Escherscheim”_ [1976] 2 Lloyd’s Rep 1
(“ _The Eschercheim_ ”), _The “Escherscheim”_[1976] 1 Lloyd’s Rep 81 (Court of
Appeal) (“ _The Eschercheim (CA)_ ”), the Hong Kong decision of _The “Asian
Atlas”_ [2008] 3 HKC 169 (“ _The Asian Atlas_ ”), as well as passages from
_Admiralty Law and Practice_ 2nd Ed., Toh Kian Sing SC (_“Admiralty Law and
Practice”_), Defendant’s counsel forcefully argued that it was settled law
that the ship which causes damage under section 3(1)(d) does not refer to the
carrying ship, which in the present case was the “Phu Tan”.

30 Underpinning this submission was the Defendants’ further contention that it
was also well settled that the 3 - criteria test as set out in _The Rama_ (at
293) would apply. In _The Rama_ , Clarke J opined that in order for there to
be “damage done by a ship”, 3 criteria must be satisfied:

(a) The damage must be caused by something done by those engaged in the
navigation or management of the ship in a physical sense;

(b) The ship must be the actual or noxious instrument by which the damage is
done; and

(c) The damage must be sustained by a person or property external to the ship.
(“externality requirement”)

Specifically, the Defendant’s counsel contended that the 3rd criterion (i.e.
the externality requirement - that the damage must be sustained by a person or
property external to the ship) was not met in the present case where the “Phu
Tan” sank with the containers on board (and not external) to the ship.
Defendant’s counsel further submitted, as a secondary point, that even if it
was accepted that the 3rd criteria of externality was not a requirement, then
on the facts of this case it was clear that the 2nd requirement of the ship
being the noxious instrument of damage was not satisfied as the “Phu Tan”
merely sank with the containers on board and was therefore only a passive
environment and not the instrument of damage.

31 Plaintiff’s counsel on the other hand pointed out that it was by no means
settled law that the 3rd criterion of externality as set out in _The Rama_ was
applicable to determine if jurisdiction was validly invoked under section
3(1)(d). She argued that prior to _The Rama_ , 2 main requirements, were laid
down by the House of Lords in _The Eschercheim_ at 926g: (1) that the damage
is the direct result or consequence of something done by those in the
navigation of the ship; and (2) the ship must be the actual instrument by
which the damage was done, with the important qualifier that physical contact
between the ship and the object damaged was not essential. In her submission,
insofar as the _Rama_ had introduced a 3rd criterion of externality, it seemed
to be an additional requirement to the 2 main propositions in _The
Eschercheim_ and one which was not supported by strong authority. The earlier
English authorities such as _The “Tolten”_ [1946] P 135 (“ _The Tolten”_)
appeared not to insist on this 3rd requirement of externality, in _The Tolten_
at 158, the court found that “cause of damage” was not limited to cases
involving collisions between ships but that there could be jurisdiction
“whenever …negligent navigation caused damage with or without collision” and
that such damage could include damage to any property whether moveable or
immoveable. There was no externality requirement.

32 Plaintiff’s counsel then argued that there were Australian and New Zealand
authorities to the effect that the 3rd criterion of externality was not a
requirement for there to be a claim within the ambit of section 3(1)(d). The
cases she relied on were - from Australia: _The “Regis”_ (1939 61 CLR 688 (“
_The Regis”)_ , _Union Steamship Co of New Zealand Ltd v Ferguson_ (1969)
(“Ferguson”) 119 CLR 191; and from New Zealand: _Fournier v The Ship “Margaret
Z”_ [1999] 3 NZLR 111 (“Margaret Z”). In essence, Plaintiff’s counsel argued
that based on these authorities, the Plaintiff had an arguable case that their
claim came was of the type and nature contemplated under section 3(1)(d).

33 In _The Regis_ , the Australian High Court found that it had _in rem_
jurisdiction (under the equivalent jurisdictional limb) over a claim suffered
by a passenger against the vessel carrying him for negligent navigation
resulting in its capsizing and causing personal injury to him. In my reading,
a key point can be taken from _The Regis_ that tells in favour of the
Plaintiff and it is this - the facts of the case there involved a capsizing
which caused injury to the claimant. This is analogous to the present case
where the “Phu Tan” sank with the 111 containers on board. I do not agree with
Defendant’s counsel’s suggestion that _The Regis_ was a case where the ship
was indeed found to be the instrument of damage because it _struck_ the
claimant (and not just because it capsized). Nothing in the judgment suggests
that the decision there turned on this fact. Rather, the court in the final
analysis (at 700) drew the distinction between:

(a) injury which “arises from some defect in the condition of the ship
considered as premises or as a structure upon which the person injured is
standing, walking or moving…[such that] …the ship is treated as no more than a
potential danger of a _passive kind_ ” [emphasis added]; and

(b) injury which “is the result of the management or navigation of the ship as
a moving object or of the working of the gear or of some other operation…[such
that]…the damage is to be regarded as done by the ship as …the “noxious
instrument””.

34 The court in _The Regis_ then held (in the penultimate paragraph of the
judgment) on the facts of that case that “the improper navigation of the ship
caused her so to behave that _she capsized_ [making no reference to the fact
of the ship _striking_ the claimant]. _Her behaviour as an active agent was
the direct cause of the harm_ and in that sense she was the noxious
instrument” [emphases added]. In my reading, this case supports the view that
a ship which capsizes and causes damage can be considered to be the instrument
of damage and not merely a passive environment.

35 Another relevant authority for consideration is the _Margaret Z_ where the
New Zealand High Court at 122 - 123 considered the question whether an injured
person or object must be “external to the ship” and decided that it did not.
Referring directly to the 3rd criterion of externality prescribed in _The
Rama_ , Fisher J stated that he did not think “too much could be read into
Clark J’s use of the word “external””. He acknowledged that there was a
“floodgates risk of bringing shipboard accidents into the scope of the damage
maritime lien. _Cargo damage claims, for example might qualify_ ” [emphasis
added] but concluded that “the precedents seem too far advanced to put the
clock back in this respect” and that the main requirement was whether damage
was “done by the ship” rather than the location of the accident.

36 In response, Defendant’s counsel sought to cast doubt on the decisions of
_Margaret Z_ and _The Regis_ by submitting that these cases were doubted in
another New Zealand authority, _Ultimate Lady Ltd v The Ship “Northern
Challenger”_ AD 7/00 dated 10 August 2000 (“ _Northern Challenger”_). I agree
with the Plaintiff’s counsel that Defendan’s counsel’s submission was
misconceived. In _Northern Challenger_ , Williams J cited the _Margaret Z_ and
_The Regis_ but did not reject or doubt the legal propositions as stated in
those cases. More significantly, at the subsequent main trial on the merits
_Ultimate Lady Ltd v The Ship “Northern Challenger”_ (No 2) AD7-SW2000 at
[165] – [171], Williams J _cited and applied The Regis_ and _Margaret Z_ and
did not cast any doubt on those decisions.

37 In the final analysis, I find that the Plaintiff has an arguable case that
their claim is of the nature and type contemplated under section 3(1)(d) of
the HC(AJ)A. My analysis is as follows:

(a) First, I accept on the basis of the Investigation Conclusion that the
damage was caused by something done by those engaged in the navigation or
management of the ship in a physical sense;

(b) On the authority of _The Regis_ , I am satisfied that, as was the present
case, a ship can be said to be the instrument of damage or noxious instrument
when it capsizes or sinks and as a result causes injury or damage. To my mind,
there is a clear difference between a ship being a mere passive environment,
premise or structure on which damage occurred and a ship physically
capsizing/sinking and causing the damage as an active agent;

(c) The question of whether _The Rama’s_ 3rd criterion of externality is a
requirement to ground jurisdiction under section 3(1)(d) appears _not_ to have
been conclusively determined as a matter of Singapore law and neither party
contended otherwise before me;

(d) I agree with the Plaintiff’s submission that the earlier English
authorities, principally _The Eschercheim_ , had not insisted on this 3rd
criterion of externality and had focused the inquiry on whether the damage was
the caused by something done by those engaged in the navigation or management
of the ship and on whether the damage was done by the ship as an instrument of
damage. It is significant to note that based on _The Eschercheim_ , physical
contact between the ship and the object damaged is not essential. Indeed in
_The Eschercheim_ , the damage was caused by the negligent beaching of the
ship by the salvage tug leading to the ship being exposed to the harmful
effects of the elements;

(e) The 3rd requirement of externality stated in _The Rama_ , appears to be
premised on two cases briefly referred to in the judgment: _The “Victoria”_
(1887) 12 PD 105 (“ _The Victoria_ ”) and _The “Igor”_ [1956] 2 Lloyd’s Rep
271 (“ _The Igor_ ”). I would note however, that _The Victoria_ was decided
prior to _The Eschercheim._ In _The Victoria_ , the court appeared to readily
accept, without elaboration or analysis, the defendant’s contention that this
jurisdictional limb only applied “to damage done by a vessel to something
_with which it can come in contact_ , and not to cargo on board.” (emphasis
added) In the light of the subsequent House of Lords decision in _The
Eschercheim_ that physical contact between the ship and the object sustaining
the damage is _not essential_ , there is some doubt whether _The Victoria_
would have been decided in the same manner. As for _The Igor_ , it too was
decided prior to _The Eschercheim_ , the judgment appears to have been
concerned with a claim for damage to goods carried in a ship rather than a
claim for “damage done by a ship” and in my view, it is difficult to find
therein any support for the 3rd requirement of externality;

(f) As to _The Asian Atlas_ , in my reading, the Hong Kong Court of Appeal
clearly applied _The Rama_. However, it must be appreciated that the facts of
that case did not require the court to consider the issue of whether a claim
for “damage done by a ship” applies when the damage is suffered by property on
board the relevant ship. The externality requirement was applied to the
question of whether it was fulfilled when there was damage sustained by the
ship herself and this was plainly answered in the negative. Given that this
issue was not squarely before the court, unsurprisingly, it appears that the
court there was not referred to the other line of authorities in _The Margaret
Z, The Regis_ and _Ferguson_ and did not hear arguments on the issue;

(g) The 3rd requirement of externality introduced by _The Rama_ would appear
to unnecessarily restrict the ambit of this jurisdictional limb and is not
supported by strong authority. I see no reason in principle why a claim should
not come within this jurisdictional limb just because the damage occurred on
the ship even though the ship was in fact the instrument of damage.

38 I am fortified in my views by the following passages of the authoritative
textbook _Admiralty Law and Practice_ , where the learned author astutely
observed that _The Rama_ introduced an additional requirement of externality,
specifically referred to _The Regis, Margaret Z_ , and expressed the following
views:

“the _additional requirement_ of injury or damage sustained _external_ to a
vessel _is not always justifiable_ , especially in the context of personal
injury caused by the instrumentality of the ship” [emphases added] (see pg 56)

“In the decision of _The Rama_ , Clarke J _appeared to have added another_
requirement to the accrual of a damage lien, namely, that the damage must be
sustained by a person or property external to the ship. This would rule out a
claim for dmage or loss of cargo carried on board or for loss of life or
personal injury sustained on board a ship which was the instrument of damage.
There are authorities suggesting that a maritime lien does exist in respect of
personal injury sustained on board a ship. _While the requirement of
instrumentality of the ship is more evidently seen in the case of damage
caused to persons or property external to her, earlier authorities have not
insisted on such a requirement_. _This additional requirement introduces an
undesirable element of fortuity and it is significant to note that the New
Zealand High Court [citing Margaret Z] has rejected it_.” [emphases added]
(see pg 257)

I would agree with the learned author’s view that as far as the 3rd criterion
of externality is concerned, “ _earlier authorities have not insisted on such
a requirement_. _This additional requirement introduces an undesirable element
of fortuity and it is significant to note that the New Zealand High Court
[citing Margaret Z] has rejected it_.” [emphasis added]

39 For good measure, Plaintiff’s counsel also brought my attention to a
commentary in _The Law and Practice of Admiralty Matters_ (Oxford 2007), Sarah
C. Derrington, James M. Turner wherein at [4.22] the authors state, correctly
in my view, that the holding in _Margaret Z_ was consistent with Australian
authority on the point that there is no requirement that the injury or damage
that is sustained has to be external to the vessel. In my view, insofar as it
can be said that _The Rama_ represents the English position on the issue, the
law appears to have developed in a different direction in Australia and New
Zealand. Here I observe that the Singapore courts have been quite prepared to
depart from English decisions in the realm of shipping and admiralty law to
evolve its own jurisprudence in this area. Decisions such as _The Permina 108_
[1974 – 1976] SLR (R) 850 suffice to illustrate this point.

40 In the premises, I find that the Plaintiff’s claim falls within section
3(1)(d) of the HC(AJ)A. As stated earlier, I agree with counsel for the
Plaintiff that as long as jurisdiction was found under any of the limbs in
section 3(1)(d), (g) or (l), it would suffice to bring the claim within the
admiralty jurisdiction of the court. Nevertheless, for completeness, I turn
now to set out my observations on whether the Plaintiff’s claim falls within
section 3(1)(g).

Section 3(1)(g) – Any claim for loss of or damage to goods carried in a ship

41 Section 3(1)(g) provides that the admiralty jurisdiction of the court shall
extend to any claim in respect of “loss or damage to goods carried in a ship”.

42 The undisputed jurisdictional facts the Plaintiffs relied on were that the
“Phu Tan” sank and the 111 containers supplied by the Plaintiffs to the
Defendants which were on board the “Phu Tan” were lost.

43 The main dispute centered once more on whether the Plaintiff’s had an
arguable case that their claim fell within the ambit of section 3(1)(g),
HC(AJ)A. Counsel for the Defendant referring to The “ _Mezen”_ [2006] SGHC 35,
_The Escherscheim (CA)_ and passages from _Admiralty Law and Practice_.,
argued that section 3(1)(g) applies only in respect of “goods carried as
cargo” and “cargo” claims, the containers were not cargo and therefore did not
fall within the ambit of the phrase “goods carried in a ship”.

44 The key passage of _The Mezen_ at [18] states as follows:

“I decided that _The Eschersheim_ was correct that in the context of section
3(1)(g), “goods” carried in a ship referred to goods carried as cargo on board
a ship, in other words, things or items carried on board a vessel for the
purpose of being conveyed or transported from one place to another.”

45 Plaintiff’s counsel submitted before me that the 111 containers fell within
the definition of “goods” under section 3(1)(g). Referring to the passage of
_The Mezen_ as out above, she submitted that although the court referred to
the term “goods” as cargo carried on board a ship, the court in _The Mezen_
had further explained that “cargo” referred to things or items carried on
board a vessel for the purpose of being conveyed or transported from one place
to another. Plaintiff’s counsel further referred to the Scottish decision of
_“The Steve Irwin_ ” [2011] CSOH 112 (_“The Steve Irwin”_) where at [26] the
court was prepared to accept that the tuna and transportation cages (although
less plausibly so) which were on tow by the vessel and which suffered damage
should qualify as “goods carried in a ship”. Plaintiff’s counsel’s final point
was that in the context of a claim under section 20(2)(m) of the UK Supreme
Court Act 1981 (which is in _pari material_ to section 3(1)(l) of our
HC(AJ)A), the House of Lords in _The “River Rima”_ [1988] 2 Lloyd’s Rep 193 (“
_The River Rima”_) held at pg 195 that “containers are “goods” within the
meaning of par. (m)”, therefore it was submitted, there should be no
difference in the meaning of “goods” used in the context of section 3(1)(g) of
the HC(AJ)A.

46 All things considered, I find that the Plaintiff does _not_ have an
arguable case that their claim is of the nature and type contemplated under
section 3(1)(g):

(a) In my reading, although _The Mezen_ did not deal with the issue of whether
containers can be considered as “goods” within the meaning of section 3(1)(g),
the court rightly accepted that _The Eschercheim_ was correct and that in the
context of section 3(1)(g), “goods” referred to goods carried as cargo on
board a ship. It is clear that the court rejected the wide definitions of
“goods” to include “all chattels of which possession is possible
notwithstanding that they are not easily moveable”, “whatever conveyed in a
ship” or “the load carried in a ship” (proposed by the plaintiff at [13]). The
court’s reference to “things or items carried on board a vessel for the
purpose of being conveyed or transported from one place to another” must
therefore be understood in the context of its clear finding that “goods”
referred to “goods _carried as cargo_ on board a ship”;

(b) On a plain reading of the words “goods carried in a ship” and in the
historical context of this jurisdictional limb (i.e. that it evolved from
section 6 of the Admiralty Court Act 1861) I agree that this jurisdictional
limb should be understood as being applied to cargo-owners claims against the
ship to which he has entrusted his cargo. It would be an extension to include
under this limb a claim for loss of containers used to store the cargo carried
on a container ship;

(c) I do not accept the Plaintiff’s submission that “goods” was defined to
include “containers” in section 3(1)(l) and so should be accorded the same
meaning in section 3(1)(g). It is clear to me that the phrases in the various
jurisdictional limbs are terms of art which must be understood with reference
to authority: see _The Eschercheim_ at 926g. In any event, section 3(1)(l)
pertains to “goods …supplied to a ship _for her operation_ and maintenance”
and is therefore apt to encompass containers on board for the operation of a
container ship. Section 3(1)(g) on the other hand refers to “goods carried on
a ship” with no such interpretative flavour as provided by the words
(appearing in section 3(1)(l)) “supplied…for her operation and maintenance”;

(d) The slender authority relied on by the Plaintiff’s counsel appeared to be
_The Steve Irwin_ but I note that the statements there were in _obiter_ ,
without detailed analysis and heavily qualified. I note that even there, the
court stated that it was “less plausibly so” that the transportation cages
carrying the tuna could fall within the scope of the phrase “goods carried in
a ship”. In my view, such slender authority would not suffice to demonstrate
that the Plaintiff has an arguable case that its claim is of the type and
nature contemplated under section 3(1)(g).

47 In the premises, I would observe that the Plaintiff’s claim _does not_ fall
within section 3(1)(g) of the HC(AJ)A. I turn now to consider whether the
Plaintiff’s claim falls within section 3(1)(l) of the HC(AJ)A.

Section 3(1)(l) – any claim in respect of goods or materials supplied to a
ship for her operation and maintenance

48 Section 3(1)(l) provides that the admiralty jurisdiction extends to any
claims in respect of “loss or damage to goods carried in a ship”.

49 As I understand it, the Plaintiff’s argument was premised on the following
propositions, each of which, save for (a), is disputed by the Defendant:

(a) The 2010 CLC was a contract entered into with the Defendants, Vinalines;

(b) The translation of the 2010 CLC relied upon by the Plaintiffs was not
false and is correct;

(c) The 2010 CLC expressly or impliedly provide for the supply of containers
for use on the Defendant’s ships;

(d) The 111 containers were supplied pursuant to the 2010 CLC;

(e) The container loading list by the Tan Thuan Port Record database is
authentic and shows that the 111 containers were loaded onto the “Phu Tan” for
the particular voyage;

(f) Containers have been held to be “goods” within the meaning of section
3(1)(l) and the court in _The River Rima_ was prepared to accept without
deciding the point that the use of a container on board a ship designed to
carry containers is a use for the operation of such a ship;

(g) To bring a claim under section 3(1)(l) of the HC(AJ)A, there is no need
for the name of the ship on which the containers are to be supplied to be
identified in the contract of supply or even at the time of performance of the
contract of supply so long as at the time of actual supply, the ship is
identified.

50 It would be useful at this point to recognise that the matters set out in
(a) to (e) can be seen as jurisdictional facts under limb 3(1)(l) that the
Plaintiffs have to prove on a balance of probabilities whilst the matters set
out in (f) and (g) go to the assessment of whether the claim is of the type or
nature envisaged under section 3(1)(l) of the HC(AJ)A. My analysis proceeds on
this basis.

(a) - The 2010 CLC was a contract entered into with the Defendants, Vinalines

51 This issue can be shortly dealt with. In the affidavit of Tran Phuong Thuy
filed on behalf of the Defendants on 31 July 2013, the Defendant has stated
that “they are willing to assume for the purposes of the application, that the
Defendants were a party to the Container Lease Contract No. 500710T/2010/HD –
VCSC … dated 1 June 2010 with the Plaintiff…”.

52 Even if a contrary position had been taken by the Defendant, had I required
to do so, I would have found that the Defendant, Vinalines were the
contractual counterparty to the 2010 CLC. The clear evidence on this was the
Explanatory Statement dated 8 May 2013, sent in the name of “Vietnam Container
Shipping Company – Branch of Vietnam National Shipping Lines” to the
Vietnamese Court stating, _inter alia_ , that:

“…VCSC only acted _on behalf of Vinalines_ to sign the lease contract with
Hung Dao Container Joint Stock Company. Accordingly, _the rights and
obligations under the container lease contract will be at Vinalines’ account_.
In fact, Vinalines has sent to the Court the document on appointment of its
Authorized Representative to participate in the proceedings as the Defendant
in the above case.” [emphases added]

(b) and (c) - The veracity of the Plaintiff’s translation of the 2010 CLC and
whether the 2010 CLC expressly or impliedly provided for the supply of
containers for use on the Defendant’s ships

53 I deal with (b) and (c) together. The Plaintiff’s translation of the 2010
CLC was disputed by the Defendant as being false in two aspects. At the heart
of the dispute was Art 1.1 of the 2010 CLC which, in the Plaintiff’s
translation which appears in the Arrest Affidavit, states:

“Party A agrees to lease the equipments (hereinafter abbreviated “Containers”)
_In Party A’s possession_ to Party B for shipping its goods _on Party B’s
ships_ ”. [emphases added]

54 The Defendants produced and relied on two translations:

_First translation (1 st Affidavit of Ly Quang Long dated 16 July 2013)_

“Party A [Hung Dao] agrees with Party B [VCSC] on equipment leasing
(hereinafter called “container”) which is being _owned by Party A_ in order to
transport the cargo _by sea mode by Party B_ ”. [emphases added]

_Second Translation (4 th Affidavit of Tran Phuong Thuy dated 22 January
2014)_

“Party A [Hung Dao] agrees Party B [VCSC] to lease the equipment (hereinafter
referred to as “Container”) under the _ownership of Party A_ to transport
commodities _on sea routes of Party B_ ”. [emphases added]

55 The Defendant contended that the Plaintiff’s translation of the 2010 CLC
was false as the phrase “In Party A’s possession” should be translated as
“owned by Party A” and the phrase “Party B’s ships” should be translated as
either “by sea mode by Party B” or “on sea routes of Party B”. The Defendant’s
contention was underpinned by their submission that the Plaintiff had
deliberately procured a false translation of Art 1.1 of the 2010 CLC to
mislead the court into allowing an arrest under section 3(1)(l) of the
HC(AJ)A.

56 I am unable to agree with the Defendant’s assertion. To begin with, I note
that the Plaintiffs’ translation as well the Defendants’ two translations were
all, on the face of it, official certified translations produced by the
Justice Office of Binh Hanh District. There is no evidence whatsoever to
suggest that any of these three official certified translations are
unreliable. In my view, the explanation for the differences in translations is
that this simply reflects the inexactitude inherent in the process of
translating between different languages. To put it another way, I accept that
the Vietnamese contractual terms can be correctly expressed in English within
a range of literal to dynamic translations, all of which can properly be said
to capture the essence of the terms in the original Vietnamese language.

57 The next question I consider is whether, based on a holistic view of the 3
different translations of Art 1.1 of the 2010 CLC, it can be said that the
2010 CLC provides for the supply of containers for use on the Defendant’s
ships. In my view, it does. My reasons are as follows:

(a) In the context of the scale of dynamic to literal translations I have
referred to earlier, the phrase “on Party B’s ships” can be seen as a dynamic
translation whilst the phrases “by sea mode by Party B” and “on sea routes of
Party B” are apt to reflect a more literal translation. In my view, the
phrases that containers are to be used “by sea mode by Party B” or “on sea
routes of Party B” can conceivably express the idea that the containers are to
be supplied for use on Party B’s ships;

(b) The Defendant’s further contention was that according to their 2 “true
translations”, the phrase “by sea mode by Party B” or “on sea routes of Party
B” could also be wide enough to cover situations where the containers were
supplied for use on ships _not belonging to Party B_. They further asserted in
an affidavit filed by Nguyen Ngoc Thuy Van on 7 Apr 2014 that “the containers
are sometimes used on trucks”. In my view, the documentary evidence available
shows clearly that the containers were indeed used on the Defendant’s ships.
There is no documentary evidence to show either that the containers were put
onto ships belonging to persons other than the Defendants or that the
containers were used for the carriage of goods on containers over land. I
agree with the Plaintiff’s counsel’s submission that the parties’ conduct
reflected the nature of their agreement under the 2010 CLC. Based on the
available evidence, I am satisfied that the 2010 CLC did provide that
containers are to be supplied for use on Party B’s ships.

(d) - Whether the 111 containers were leased under the 2010 CLC

58 In the course of the hearing, evidence surfaced that of the 111 containers,
99 were in fact in the possession of the Defendants prior to the execution of
the 2010 CLC between the parties. Further evidence also emerged that there was
a prior 2006 agreement between the parties (which ended in 2007), that these
99 containers had been supplied to the Defendants in 2007, 2008 and 2009, and
that between August 2007 and May 2010 there was in fact no written agreement
in place for the supply of the containers between the parties.

59 Based on these revelations, the Defendants’ contended that the 111
containers were not leased under the 2010 CLC but instead were supplied by the
Plaintiffs to the Defendants under another earlier 2006 agreement or at
periods in time where there was no written agreement between the parties. I
note here that counsel for the Defendants had also relied on this contention
to further argue that this demonstrated that paragraph 20 of the Arrest
Affidavit was misleading and constituted material non-disclosure but that is a
separate issue which is addressed below at [109] to [113].

60 Returning to the main question of whether the 111 containers were leased
under the 2010 CLC. The Plaintiff accepted that the 99 containers were picked
up by the Defendants before the execution of the 2010 CLC. However they argued
that this did not detract from the fact that so far as the Defendants
continued to lease the containers for use on their ships, the 111 containers
were leased pursuant to the 2010 CLC once the 2010 CLC had come into effect
between the parties. The Plaintiff relied mainly on the Defendant’s letter
dated 10 March 2011 wherein the Defendant themselves had written to the
Plaintiffs to inform them that their 111 containers leased under the 2010 CLC
had been on board the “Phu Tan” and were a “total loss” as a result of the
sinking of the “Phu Tan” on 16 December 2010. The Plaintiff further contended
that the Defendant had by their conduct all along accepted that the 111
containers were leased pursuant to the 2010 CLC and had only now belatedly
raised this as an issue.

61 On the available evidence, I am satisfied that the 111 containers were
leased under the 2010 CLC. The clearest evidence in my view, is the
Defendant’s own letter dated 10 March 2011 informing the Plaintiff that the
111 containers leased under the 2010 CLC and which were on board the “Phu Tan”
were a total loss as a result of the sinking of the “Phu Tan”. The fact that
99 of the 111 containers were already in the Defendant’s possession prior to
the execution of the 2010 CLC is equivocal at best. It does not conclusively
prove that the 99 containers did not come within the scope of the 2010 CLC. On
the contrary, the Defendant’s letter dated 10 March 2011 pointed clearly to
the parties’ intentions and understanding that the 111 containers did come
within the ambit of the 2010 CLC.

(e) - Whether the container loading list of the Tan Thuan Port record database
in Tab 10 of the Arrest Affidavit is authentic

62 The dispute here was on the authenticity of the container loading list
which was exhibited at Tab 10 of the Arrest Affidavit (“Container Loading
List”). In the Arrest Affidavit, the Plaintiff had relied on this Container
Loading List to show that the 111 containers were carried on board the Phu Tan
on that ill-fated voyage. The Defendant argued that the Container Loading List
was not an authentic document. In the affidavit of Nguyen Ngoc Thuy Van dated
7 April 2014, the Defendant exhibited a letter from one Mr Mai Van Cu, who is
said to be a director of the Tan Thuan Port authorities and in this letter, Mr
Mai stated that the Tan Thuan Port “didn’t supply the container Loading List
that loaded on the M.V Phu Tan to Hung Dao Container Joint Stock Company”.

63 The Plaintiff argued in response that the Container Loading List exhibited
at Tab 10 of their Arrest Affidavit was authentic and was supplied by the Tan
Thuan Port Authorities. They referred to the email correspondence found at pg
124 of the Arrest Affidavit which shows an email sent from the “Tan Thuan
Port, Container Operation Department” to the Plaintiff’s operation manager Mr
Hieu, which purports to enclose the Container Loading List as an attachment.
The Plaintiff further contended that taken at face value, the letter from Mr
Mai which the Defendants’ relied on does not clearly show whether it was
speaking in relation to the Container Loading List for the particular voyage
of the “Phu Tan” on which it sank or for some other voyage.

64 On the available evidence, I am prepared to accept that the Container
Loading List exhibited in the Arrest Affidavit was provided by the Tan Thuan
Port and is authentic for the following reasons. First, the Defendant’s own 10
March 2011 letter sent to the Plaintiff identified the 111 containers and
these 111 containers correspond to the records in the Container Loading List.
Second, there is no forensic evidence to suggest that the email from “Tan
Thuan Port, Container Operation Department” or the attached Container Loading
List was falsified. As for the letter from Mr Mai (relied upon by the
Defendant), I would agree with the Plaintiff that is unclear as to whether it
related to the particular voyage of the “Phu Tan” on which it sank. Even if I
accepted, for the benefit of the Defendant, that the letter from Mr Mai was in
relation to the particular ill-fated voyage of the “Phu Tan”, then the
Defendant has at best raised conflicting affidavit evidence on this point
before me and all things considered I would find that the Container Loading
List exhibited at Tab 10 of the Plaintiff’s Arrest Affidavit is authentic.

65 Having addressed, what is in my view, the relevant jurisdictional facts the
Plaintiff relied upon to establish admiralty jurisdiction under section
3(1)(l), I turn now to examine the centrepiece of the Plaintiff’s arguments on
the invocation of admiralty jurisdiction under section 3(1)(l) of the HC(AJ)A.

(f) and (g) – Is the Plaintiff’s claim arguably of the type and nature
contemplated under section 3(1)(l) of the HC(AJ)A

66 The parties’ arguments centred on _The “River Rima”_[1988] 2 Lloyd’s Rep
193 (_“The River Rima”_) where the House of Lords examined section 20(2)(m) of
the Supreme Court Act 1981 which is in _pari materia_ to section 3(1)(l) of
the HC(AJ)A). The other key authorities relied upon by the Plaintiff’s counsel
were the Australian authorities of _The “Bass Reefer”_ [1992] FCA 378 (_“The
Bass Reefer”_) and _Patrick Steverdores No 2 Pty Ltd v MV “Turakina”_ [1998]
FCA 16900 (_“The Turakina”)_.

67 As to proposition (f), the Plaintiff’s counsel submitted that containers
have been held to be “goods” within the meaning of section 3(1)(l) of the
HC(AJ)A and that the court in _The River Rima_ (at 763B) was prepared to
accept without deciding the point that the use of a container on board a ship
designed to carry containers is a use for the operation of such a ship. The
Defendant did not dispute this and I accept this as correct.

68 The main dispute was in relation to proposition (g). In essence,
Plaintiff’s counsel’s submission was premised on the legal proposition that to
bring a claim under section 3(1)(l) of the HC(AJ)A, there is no need for the
ship to which the containers are to be supplied to be identified in the
contract of supply _or even at the time of performance of the contract of
supply_ so long as _at the time of the actual supply to the ship, the ship is
sufficiently identified_.

69 I set out the key passage in _The River Rima_ (at 763C) for consideration:

“It is clear that paragraph (m) contemplates a contract of supply, whether by
sale or hire, between the claimant and a shipowner. But the expression used in
paragraph (m) is “supplied to a ship” and not “supplied to a shipowner”. The
question is what meaning should be given to the former expression. There are
two main kinds of contract pursuant to which goods or materials required for
the operation of a ship may reach her. The _first kind of contract_ is one
which _expressly provides_ that the goods or materials are required for the
use of _a particular ship_ , the identity of which is _specified in the
contract_ or _will be specified_ by the _time the contract comes to be
performed_. The _second kind of contract_ is one which contains no reference
to a particular ship for the use of which goods or materials are required,
leaving the shipowner to make his own decision about that later. The first
kind of contract is, in my opinion, a contract under which goods or materials
are “supplied to a ship” within the meaning of par. (m)”

[emphases added]

70 In my understanding, the Plaintiff’s counsel’s arguments proceeded as
follows:

(a) _The River Rima_ requirement (at 763C) was that for there to be goods
“supplied to a ship” within the meaning of the jurisdictional limb, the
identity of the particular ship should be specified in the supply contract or
_will be specified by the time when the contract comes to be performed_ ;

(b) The court in _The Bass Reefer_ considered _The River Rima_ and concluded
that the specification of the ship need not be express but _could be implied
from the circumstances_ at the _time when the supply was actually made to the
ship_. The matter must be looked at the time the services were supplied and
the question determined at that time, whether as a question of fact there was
a supply to a ship within the meaning of the jurisdictional limb.

(c) The court in _The Turakina_ applied the approach of implied identification
of the ship as set out in the _The Bass Reefer_ and agreed that the question
was whether _at the time the services are provided_ (and not at the time the
contract is entered into), there was sufficient identification of the ship.

(d) It did not matter that the 2010 CLC did not specifically identify the “Phu
Tan” or that the containers were earlier loaded onto other ships, as at the
material time, the “Phu Tan” was in fact identified as the ship on which the
111 containers were supplied to and this is evidenced by the Container Loading
List from the Than Thuan Port authority.

(e) The Plaintiff’s claim did not fall within _The River Rima_ situation and
on the authority of _The Bass Reefer_ and _The Turakina_ , the claim arguably
is one in respect of goods “supplied to a ship”.

71 The Defendant’s counsel disagreed with Plaintiff’s submissions. His key
argument was that the 2010 CLC was always a contract of the second kind as
described in _The River Rima_. He further argued that even in the implied
identification test employed in _The Bass Reefer_ , it remained a requirement
that the supply was to be limited to “a particular ship” and would not avail
the Plaintiff as their 2010 CLC was, even by their own translation, a contract
for the supply of containers to the Defendants’ ships and not limited
specifically to the “Phu Tan”.

72 On this issue, I hold that the Plaintiff _does not_ have an arguable case
that their claim falls within the ambit of section 3(1)(d) of the HC(AJ)A. My
analysis follows:

(a) _The River Rima_ essentially distinguished between services rendered to a
shipowner and services rendered to the ship itself. The court there first
recognised that this jurisdictional limb contemplated a contract of supply, it
then drew the distinction between a supply contract which was a contract for
the provision of services to a ship (the first kind of contract) and a supply
contract which was in reality a contract for the provision of services to a
shipowner (the second kind of contract). In analysing when the first kind of
contract existed, the court explained that this would be the case where the
ship was specifically identified in the supply contract itself or where the
identity of the ship was specified by _the time the supply contract came to be
performed_. It should be noted that the Singapore courts have, in _The
“Alexandrea”_ [2002] 1 SLR(R) 812 at [29] (_“The Alexandrea”_), specifically
referred to _The River Rima_ analysis on the first kind of contract and
accepted it as correct;

(b) In my reading, _The Bass Reefer_ and subsequently _The Turakina_ accepted
the distinction observed in _The River Rima_ and added that the specification
of the ship need not be expressly specified as between the contracting parties
but could be _implied from the circumstances_ which existed _at the time of
performance of the supply contract_ ;

(c) It appears to me that the error in the Plaintiff’s arguments was that it
misunderstood the _The Bass Reefer_ and _The Turakina_ to stand for the
proposition that the implied identification was to be assessed at the time
when _the containers was supplied to the ship_ as opposed to the _time of
performance of the supply contract_. In my reading, it was clear in _The Bass
Reefer_ that the inquiry into whether there was implied identification still
remained to be assessed at “the time of _performance of the contract of
supply_ ” and the other statements by the court such as “when supply was
actually made to the ship” or “was there supply to a ship” must be understood
in this context. In particular, the court there stated at [38]:

“His Lordship’s use of the expression “or will be specified by the time the
contract comes to be performed” does not, in my respectful opinion, mean that
his Lordship was laying down a requirement that there should be some express
specification by the contracting parties of the identity of the ship _at the
time of performance of the contract of supply_. Such specification could occur
by way of implication from the circumstances obtaining at the time when supply
was actually made to the ship, especially where the act of supplying was
performed by the supplier himself and not, as in The River Rima, by the other
party to the contract in exercise of an independent discretion”

[emphasis added]

On the facts of both _The Bass Reefer_ and _The Turakina_ , the implied
identification was assessed at the time the supply of the stevedoring and
other services to the ship was performed i.e. at the time of performance of
the contract to supply _services_. This is different from the Plaintiff’s case
which pertains to a contract for the supply of goods (i.e. containers);

(d) No other authorities were canvassed by the Plaintiff to demonstrate that
they had any legal basis for the proposition that the ship did not have to be
specified _even at the time of performance of the contract of supply_ so long
as _at the time of the actual supply of the goods to the ship, the ship is
sufficiently identified_ ;

(e) On the Plaintiff’s case, the 2010 CLC is a contract for the supply of
containers. The key question therefore is when is the _time of performance of
this contract of supply_? In my view, the evidence is clear that the time of
performance of the contract of supply is the point in time when the containers
are supplied to and collected by the Defendant from the Plaintiff’s depots and
not at the time when the collected containers are subsequently physically
loaded onto any of the Defendant’s ships for various voyages during the period
of their lease. The terms of the 2010 CLC bear this out:

(i) Art 1.4 of the 2010 CLC (as translated by the Plaintiff) states “Delivery
location: At Party A’s depots”. This indicates that the point of delivery and
supply is at the Plaintiff’s depots.

(ii) This is fortified by Art 2.2 which provides that the Plaintiff would
charge the leasing fee when the Defendant picked up the containers out of the
Plaintiff’s depots. In other words, the Plaintiff would charge the Defendant
for the lease of the containers as soon as they were picked up from its depots
and not only when they were placed on the Defendant’s ships. Logic dictates
the Plaintiff can only charge the leasing fee for their containers at the
point when the Plaintiff has first performed its key obligation under the 2010
CLC to supply the containers to the Defendants.

(f) There was no evidence to show that there was implied identification of the
_“Phu Tan”_ under the 2010 CLC at _the time of performance of the 2010 CLC_.
Rather, at the time the containers were supplied to the Defendant and picked
up from the Plaintiff’s depots, it was recorded in the majority of the EIR and
booking orders that the containers would be used on various ships (including
the “Phu Tan”) belonging to the Defendant;

(g) I agree with the Defendant’s counsel that the 2010 CLC was clearly a
contract of the second kind contemplated in _The River Rima_ , i.e. a contract
for the supply of goods to a shipowner i.e. the Defendant. The evidence showed
that once the containers are picked up by the Defendant, they are then put
onto various ships on various voyages at the discretion of the Defendant. True
it was that the 111 containers ultimately were loaded onto the Phu Tan on the
ill-fated journey, but that does not change the fact that it was loaded on the
Phu Tan at the discretion of the Defendant and that these same containers had
in the past been loaded onto various other ships also at the discretion of the
Defendant.

73 Based on the foregoing analysis, I find that the Plaintiff’s claim _does
not_ fall within section 3(1)(l) of the HC(AJ)A.

74 As I earlier observed, so long as jurisdiction was found under any of the
limbs in section 3(1)(d), (g) or (l), it would suffice to bring the claim
within the admiralty jurisdiction of the court. I have found that the
Plaintiff’s claim falls within section 3(1)(d) of the HC(AJ)A and in the final
analysis, I find that the admiralty jurisdiction of the court was properly and
validly invoked.

Issue 2: Whether the Plaintiffs’ claim should be struck out under O 18 r 19 of
the ROC and/or the inherent jurisdiction of the court

75 I turn to examine the Defendant’s application for striking out. The
Defendant contended that the Plaintiffs’ claim was frivolous and vexatious and
is liable to be struck out under O 18 r 19(1)(b) or under the court’s inherent
jurisdiction on the grounds that:

(a) first the Plaintiff’s claim was time-barred; and

(b) second that so far as the non-contractual claims were concerned, there was
“not a shred of evidence” to support these claims, and there is no evidence of
“double actionability”.

The Law

76 The interplay of legal principles involved in setting aside an arrest,
striking out and material non-disclosure was explained with admirable clarity
by the High Court in _The Eagle Prestige_ [2010] 3 SLR 294 (_“The Eagle
Prestige”_) and _The Bunga Melati 5_ [2011] 4 SLR 1017 (_“The Bunga Melati 5
(HC”_). These principles were endorsed by the Court of Appeal in _The Bunga
Melati 5_ :

“96. …when a plaintiff’s invoking of admiralty jurisdiction or its arrest of
the defendant’s vessel was subsequently challenged, the plaintiff would need
to show (on tope of the requirements of ss 3 and 4 of the HCAJA being
satisfied) a _good arguable case on the merits of its claim as well, in order
to avoid having its claim struck out as being_ plainly _and obviously
unsustainable pursuant to the normal rules in civil procedure_. Should the
plaintiff’s cause of action be so unsustainable on the merits, as was the case
in _The Vasiliy Golovnin (HC)_ , a court would on an application being made
have to strike out the Plaintiff’s action at an early stage under O 18 r 19 of
the ROC or the inherent jurisdiction of the court…

_98._ Indeed, _there is much to commend the clear distinction drawn by the
Judge between challenging admiralty jurisdiction under O12 r 7 of the ROC vis-
à-vis striking out a plaintiff’s claim under O 18 r 19 of the ROC or the
inherent jurisdiction of the court._ Drawing this distinction solidifies the
established position that a plaintiff need not prove who “the person who would
be liable on the claim in an action in personam” is (i.e. the “in personam
liability requirement” under s 4(4)b of the HCAJA) for the purposes of
establishing admiralty jurisdiction until the defendant subsequently
challenges the plaintiff’s action…

100\. This distinction can be logically defended and provides analytical
clarity to this area of law. As the Judge correctly recognised,
“[j]urisdictional disputes were necessarily separate from, and logically prior
to, the substantive, non-jurisdictional dispute between the parties over the
issue of the defendant’s liability (_ie_ , the merits of the plaintiff’s
claim)”…

104\. To sum up the discussion above, we agree with the Judge that this court
in _The Vasiliy Golovnin_ (CA) did not introduce a new merits requirement
before admiralty jurisdiction could be invoked under the HCAJA. An admiralty
plaintiff would, however, still need to show a good arguable case on the
merits of its claim if challenged; not for the purposes of satisfying the
HCAJA, but to prevent its action from being struck out under O 18 r 19 of the
ROC or the inherent jurisdiction of the court.”

[emphases added]

77 It is trite that the burden lies on the applicant to show that a
plaintiff’s case is so unsustainable on the merits that it should be struck
out. The authorities are also clear that this is a heavy burden. In the
context of a striking out of an admiralty claim, the High Court in _The Eagle
Prestige_ noted:

“57. It is at this stage of striking out application that the court is asked
to assess the sustainability of the action. It is at this stage of the
striking out application that the validity or strength of the claim will be
relevant, and the _burden on the issue of non-liability lies on the defendant_
to show that the case is _wholly and clearly unarguable_. If there is _any
arguable basis_ put up by the plaintiff that the action could succeed then the
_court should not order the striking out of the action_ ”

[emphasis added]

78 As to the question of when an action is plainly or obviously unsustainable,
the Court of Appeal’s guidance in _The Bunga Melati 5_ at [33] – [39] is
apposite:

“39. In our view, this analytical, fact-law distinction can similarly be
applied to O18 r 19(1)(b) of the ROC or the inherent jurisdiction of the court
to strike out unsustainable actions. Such a distinction helps to more clearly
elucidate what a court means when it holds than an action is “plainly or
obviously” unsustainable. Applying this conceptual prism, a “plainly or
obviously” unsustainable action would be one which is either:

_legally unsustainable_ : If “it may be clear as a matter of law at the outset
that even if a party were to succeed in proving all the facts that he offers
to prove he will not be entitled to the remedy that he seek”; or

_factually unsustainable_ : If it is “possible to say with confidence before
trial that the factual basis for the claim is fanciful because it is entirely
without substance, [for example, if it is] clear beyond question that the
statement of facts is contradicted by all the documents or other material on
which it is based”.”

The Analysis

The Time Bar Defence

79 The Defendant’s primary attack in relation to its striking out challenge
appeared to be its defence of time bar and I examine this first. The following
preliminary points should be dealt with at the outset. First, the parties did
not dispute that the substantive claims and defences raised were subject to
Vietnamese law. Secondly, it is trite that matters of foreign law are treated
as factual matters (see _The “H156”_ [1999] 2 SLR(R) 419 at [27], endorsed by
the Court of Appeal in _Poh Soon Kiat v Desert Palace (trading as Caesars
Palace)_ [2010] 1 SLR 1129), and I do not understand parties to have contended
otherwise. Thirdly, in relation to the Defendant’s arguments on its time bar
defence, it was also not disputed by parties that under the Foreign
Limitations Periods Act Rev. Ed. 2013 (cap. 111A), foreign time bars (in this
case the time bar under Vietnamese law) are applicable in relation to the
Singapore actions or proceedings. _Insofar as the time bar defence is
concerned, the question before me is whether it is plain and obvious that the
Plaintiff’s claim commenced on 4 June 2013 is legally unsustainable because as
a matter of fact it is time-barred under Vietnamese law._

80 In essence, the Defendant argued, relying on the evidence provided by their
Vietnamese law expert, that:

(a) the Defendant had a complete defence of time-bar in relation to the
Singapore action;

(b) the Plaintiff’s expert’s evidence was wrong, inconsistent and unreliable;

(c) the Plaintiff’s expert, Dr Luu Tien Dzung was not objective and dishonest;

(d) the Defendant’s expert’s evidence on the applicability of the time bar
defence is cogent and “is to be preferred”. The claim is time-barred and must
be struck out unless [the Plaintiff] can prove otherwise”.

81 According to the Plaintiff’s expert, the Plaintiff’s claim was not time-
barred as a matter of Vietnamese law. The Plaintiff’s expert explained in two
affidavits that the Plaintiff’s claim was not time barred:

(a) the Plaintiff’s claim arising out of the Defendant’s failure to make
compensation for the 111 containers was not time-barred as the Plaintiff’s
rights were infringed on 3 April 2012 and the two year limitation period would
therefore expire on 3 April 2014 (Plaintiff’s first time bar argument”); and

(b) under Vietnamese law, the nature of the Plaintiff’s claim is for the
return of leased containers under the management and/or possession of the
Defendants and there is no time bar for such actions (“Plaintiffs’ second time
bar argument”).

82 I do not propose to enter into a minute examination of each of the experts’
opposing views, or the documents and the facts they rely on. The Court of
Appeal in _Gabriel Peters & Partners (suing as a firm) v Wee Chong Jin_ [1997]
3 SLR(R) 649 at [18] explained that such an exercise was not appropriate in
the context of a striking out application. The Court of Appeal in _The Bunga
Melati 5_ , after its illuminating analytical formulation of the test of
sustainability of an action, stated at [45] that “save in the plainest of
cases, a court should not in a striking out application choose between
conflicting accounts of crucial facts”.

83 The conflicting evidence presented by the parties’ experts raise in essence
a factual dispute (evidence on foreign law being matters of fact). The
Defendant’s arguments essentially sought to persuade this court to resolve
this key factual dispute conclusively in their favour and thereafter to find
that the Plaintiffs’ action was therefore _legally unsustainable_. I am unable
to do so. In my assessment, the Plaintiff’s expert as well as the Defendant’s
expert presented their evidence on the Vietnamese time bar with reasonable
clarity and with sufficient analysis of the supporting provisions of
Vietnamese law such as the various articles in the Vietnamese Civil Code (Art
427, 490.1, 303.1), Commercial law (Art 271.2), Supplemental Civil Procedure
Code (Art 159.3), Art 23.3(b) of the Resolution 3 of the “Resolution of the
Justices’ Council of the Supreme People’s Court no. 03/2012/NQ-HDTP”
(“Resolution 3”) as well as to the underlying facts. A brief examination of
the conflicting evidence presented to the court in relation to the Plaintiff’s
second time bar argument will illustrate the above point:

(a) The Plaintiffs’ expert’s evidence began with an analysis of Art 490.1 of
the Civil Code, Art 271.2 of the Commercial Law and Art 303.1 of the Civil
Code. These provisions state:

Article 490.1 of the Civil Code:

Article 490. Return of leased property

1\. The lessee must return the leased property in the same condition as when
received, except for natural wear, or in the condition agreed upon in the
contract; if the value of the leased property has decreased as compared with
its original condition upon receipt, the lessor shall be entitled to demand
compensation for damage, except for natural wear.

Article 271.2 of the Commercial Law:

Article 271. Rights and obligations of lessees

2\. To maintain and preserve leased goods in the lease duration and return
such goods to lessors upon the expiration of the lease duration.

Article 303.1 of the Civil Code:

Article 303. Civil liability for failure to perform the obligation to hand
over objects

1\. When the obligor fails to perform the obligation to hand over a
distinctive object, the obligee is entitled to demand the obligor to hand over
that exact object; if the object no longer exists or is damaged, the obligor
must pay for the value of the object

(b) The Plaintiff’s expert’s evidence is that Art 490.1 of the Civil Code and
Art 271.2 of the Commercial Law demonstrate that as a matter of Vietnamese
law, the _nature_ of the Plaintiffs’ claim can be said to be one for the
return of leased property by the Defendants. He goes on to explain that Art
303.1 of the Civil Code further provides that a plaintiff making a claim _in
the nature_ of the return of the leased property is entitled to ask for
_relief_ in the form of compensation of the value of the leased property where
the leased property no longer exists. As to the facts, he explained with
reference, _inter alia_ , to correspondence between the Plaintiffs and the
Defendants as well as the Statement of Claim filed in the Singapore
proceedings that the Plaintiffs’ had been claiming for a return of the leased
property or failing which compensation for the same;

(c) The Plaintiff’s expert’s further explained that, relying on Art 159.3 of
the Supplemental Civil Procedure Code and Art 23.3(b) of Resolution 3 of the
“Resolution of the Justices’ Council of the Supreme People’s Court no.
03/2012/NQ-HDTP” (“Resolution 3”), there is no time bar in relation to claims
for the return of leased properties and that Example 2 of Resolution 3 makes
clear the distinction between disputes where the underlying claim is over
contractual terms of the property lease (which are subject to the statute of
limitations under Art 427 of the Civil Code) and disputes where the underlying
claim is for the return of leased property (which are not subject to any
statute of limitations). These provisions state:

Article 159.3 of the Supplemental Civil Procedure Code:

The statute of limitations for initiating civil lawsuits complies with law. In
case the law does not prescribe a statute of limitations for initiating civil
lawsuits, the following provisions shall be complied with…

(a) No statute of limitations is applied to disputes over property ownership;
_disputes over claim back of the properties under others’ management or in
others’ possession_ , disputes over land use rights in accordance with the
land law”

[emphasis added]

Article 23.3(b) of Resolution 3:

Article 23. Regarding the statute of limitations for initiation of lawsuits
prescribed in clause 3 of Article 159 of the CPC…

3.Regarding civil disputes arising from civil transactions (asset loan
contract, contract for bailment of property, _contract for property lease_ ,
asset package lease contract, processing contract, transport contract, land
use rights lease contract, land use rights sub-lease contract), it shall be
solved as follows:

(b) _No statute of limitations shall apply_ to a dispute over the ownership of
assets, _the claim back of properties_ , reclaim of land use right managed,
possessed by others through civil transactions.

Example 2. In case the lessor has the _dispute over contract for property
lease, the statute of limitations for initiating civil lawsuits over such
contract for property lease shall be determined in accordance with the
provisions of Article 427_ of the Civil code 2005. With respect to the
_dispute over claim back of leased properties under others’ management or
possession, no statute of limitation shall apply to such dispute, based on
Article 159.3 (a) of the Civil Procedure Code and this Clause 3.(b) of this
Article._

[emphases added]

(d) To the contrary, the Defendant’s expert contended that Art 490, Civil Code
and Art 271.2, Commercial Law were to be understood as referring only to
situations where there was a “dispute over rights to ownership, possession or
management of the 111 containers”, and that Art 303.1, Civil Code, shows that
the Plaintiffs’ claim is “for compensation for the loss of containers” and not
for “a claim back” of leased property. Further. the Defendant’s expert’s
evidence was that Art 159.3 of the Supplemental Civil Procedure Code only
applied if there were no other provisions under Vietnamese law which were
applicable, and that Art 159.3(a) only applied where the “dispute concerns
ownership, possession or management dispute and land rights”. He contended
that the phrase “disputes over claim back of the properties under others’
management or in others’ possession” as it appeared in Art 159.3(a) should be
understood as limited to situations where there was an underlying dispute over
rights of ownership, management or possession.

(e) Ultimately, what can be said is that on the available evidence, the
parties’ experts’ views on the time bar defence under Vietnamese law were
diametrically opposed but each offered a _plausible_ interpretation and
explanation of the relevant Vietnamese statutory provisions based on the plain
words of the provisions. It was not possible to decide conclusively in favour
of one interpretation or the other and I saw no compelling reasons to prefer
the evidence of one expert over the other.

84 In submissions, both counsel for the Plaintiff as well as counsel for the
Defendant sought to rebut and cast doubt on the evidence of the opposing
party’s experts. Much time was spent by counsel arguing on the plausibility
and implausibility of the opposing experts’ construction of the language in
the Vietnamese statutory provisions in question. Attempts were also made to
discredit the respective experts. In particular, Defendant’s counsel submitted
that:

(a) the Plaintiffs’ expert was lacking in _credibility_ because his new
evidence on the Plaintiffs’ second time bar argument conveniently emerged only
by way of a subsequent affidavit filed after the initial close of submissions
in May 2014; and

(b) insofar as the Plaintiff’s expert had explained that he had, only after
giving his first opinion (in his affidavit filed on 5 September 2013), come
across these further Vietnamese regulations which formed the basis for the
Plaintiff’s second time bar argument, the Defendants’ expert witness and the
Defendant’s counsel cast doubt on the _competency_ of the Plaintiff’s expert
for not being aware of these regulations which had been in force for more than
a year before the Plaintiff’s expert provided his first opinion.

85 Even If I may be prepared to go so far as to accept that there are elements
of doubt in the competency of the Plaintiffs’ expert or in the circumstances
relating to the emergence of the Plaintiffs’ expert’s evidence on the
Plaintiffs’ second time bar argument, I find that this is not the “plainest of
cases” such that a court should in a striking out application “choose between
conflicting accounts of crucial facts” (to paraphrase the Court of Appeal in
_The Bunga Melati 5_ at [45]). The crucial fact in dispute here was the
applicability of the time bar defence as a matter of Vietnamese law. This
critical factual dispute as well as doubts/challenges as to the competency or
credibility of the expert witnesses are matters that should properly be tested
at trial and be decided, _inter alia_ , on the basis of cross-examination of
the witnesses and/or in light of further documentary evidence that may surface
in discovery. In the premises, I find that the Defendant has not shown that
the Plaintiff’s claim is plainly and obviously unsustainable because of the
Defendant’s complete time bar defence under Vietnamese law.

86 For completeness, I should say a word about the Plaintiff’s first time bar
argument. Although fairly extensive arguments and opposing affidavit evidence
was presented by parties in relation to this issue, I saw no need, for the
purposes of determining this particular point, to examine the arguments in any
great detail. Had I required to, I would venture to say that, by comparison
with the Plaintiff’s second time bar argument, the Defendant’s counsel had
perhaps raised more elements of doubt in relation to the cogency of the
Plaintiff’s first time bar argument. Yet again, however, I would have found no
compelling reasons to conclusively prefer the evidence of one expert over the
other and would see this as a critical factual dispute that would more
properly be reserved to be tested at trial. In the final analysis, I am
satisfied that there is a factual dispute as to whether the Plaintiff’s claim
was time-barred under Vietnamese law and it cannot be said that the Singapore
proceedings was legally unsustainable.

There was“not a shred of evidence” to support the non-contractual claim, and
there is no evidence of “double actionability”

87 The Defendant’s second ground for striking out the Plaintiff’s action can
be more briefly dealt with. The Defendants’ argued that in relation to the
non-contractual claims (i.e. the claims for conversion, wrongful interference,
negligence, breach of duty), these were plainly unsustainable as:

(a) “the arrest affidavit…did not provide any basis for these claims [and
that] [t]here is not a shred of evidence to support these non-contractual
claims”;

(b) The Plaintiffs have provided no evidence to show that they satisfy the
“Double Actionability Rule” and insofar as the Plaintiffs’ expert appeared to
concede that these non-contractual claims could not be made in Vietnam, then
it followed that they could not be brought in Singapore.

88 The Defendant’s first argument appeared to proceed on an incorrect
understanding of the Court of Appeal’s statements in _The Bunga Melati 5_ at
[115] which read:

“…although a court should address the sustainability of a plaintiff’s action
only upon a defendant’s application to challenge the plaintiff’s writ or
warrant of arrest, this does not mean that the plaintiff should have a carte
blanche right to arrest vessels without having to show a shred of evidence
justifying the connection between the “relevant person” and the alleged
defendant _prior to be being challenged_ ”

[emphasis added]

89 The Defendant’s argued, based on the above statement (at [115] in _The
Bunga Melati 5_), that “the arrest affidavit did not provide any basis for
these claims”, that “there is not a shred of evidence to support these non-
contractual claims” and further that “these non-contractual claims are liable
to be struck out on the _separate grounds_ stated by the CA” [emphasis added].
However, as counsel for the Plaintiff rightly submitted, in the above passage
as well as in the preceding text in [114] of _The Bunga Melati_ 5, the Court
of Appeal was discussing the _jurisdictional requirement_ and opining that _at
an arrest hearing_ , a plaintiff would still have to show at least some basic
evidence to justify the connection between the “relevant person” and the
alleged defendant. The Court of Appeal in no way suggested that at the arrest
hearing or in the arrest affidavit, a plaintiff would have to adduce evidence
going to support the _merits_ of its claim, and that a failure to do so would
be a “separate ground” to strike out of the action. Accordingly, there is no
basis for the Defendant’s contention that the non-contractual claims are
unsustainable because the Plaintiff provided no evidence to support it in
their Arrest Affidavit.

90 It should be noted that the Court of Appeal in _The Bunga Melati 5_ had
earlier on (in [33] to [39]) set out, with clarity, its guidance on when an
action was plainly and obviously sustainable so as to justify a striking out,
explaining when an action was _legally unsustainable_ and when an action could
be said to be _factually unsustainable_. Insofar as the Defendant was
contending that the Plaintiff’s non-contractual claims are _factually
unsustainable_ (and this is not clear from the Defendant’s submissions), then
I would also reject this as, I agree with the Plaintiff that there was
sufficient evidence to support an arguable case for the Plaintiff’s non-
contractual claims:

(a) First, it is not disputed that the 111 containers were placed on board the
Defendants’ ship and in their care and custody when they were lost due to the
sinking of the ship;

(b) Secondly, the Investigation Conclusion dated 15 March 2011 issued by the
Hai Phong Port authority stated _inter alia_ that the poor navigation of the
ship and inappropriate actions taken by the master and crew in the navigation
or operation of the ship led to the sinking and loss of the containers. The
Defendant may have put into dispute the contents of the Investigation
Conclusion by referring to a later letter issued by the same authority which
they asserted showed that the “proximate cause” of the sinking was due to the
bad weather, however the mere raising of such a factual dispute does not show
that there was no factual basis for the claim. This is not a case where it can
be said with confidence before trial that the factual basis for the non-
contractual claims are entirely without substance.

91 The Defendant’s further argument on the “Double Actionability Rule” is also
misconceived. Parties did not dispute that the “Double Actionability Rule”
required a plaintiff to show that their claims are actionable under both
Singapore law and the law of the other relevant jurisdiction (counsel for the
Defendant citing _Low Tuck Kwong v Sukamto SIA_ [2013] 1 SLR 1016 for this
proposition). The Defendant’s arguments really only amounted to this – that
the Plaintiff adduced no evidence to satisfy the “Double Actionability Rule”
and that the Plaintiff’s expert’s evidence “appeared to say that non-
contractual claims cannot be made in Vietnam”. However, as rightly pointed out
by counsel for the Plaintiff, the Plaintiff’s expert Dr Luu Tien Dzung had in
fact presented clear evidence in his affidavit dated 5 Sep 2013 that the non-
contractual claims existed and were actionable under Vietnamese law. The
relevant portion of his affidavit read as follows:

“12. I further note that the claims made in the Singapore proceedings includes
claims which are contractual i.e. for breach of the terms of the CLC. _It also
includes claims which fall outside the contract such as claims based on
negligence, breach of duty, bailment and conversion_ … Insofar as the claims
which fall outside the contract are concerned, _Vietnamese law classifies such
claims generally as “non-contractual damage claims_ ”

[emphases added]

92 It is therefore clear to me that the Defendant’s argument that there was no
evidence showing that non-contractual claims are actionable under Vietnamese
law was misconceived and its arguments in relation to the point on the “Double
Actionability Rule” are without merit.

Issue 3: Was there material non-disclosure by the Plaintiffs in the Arrest
Affidavit and at the Arrest Hearing so as to justify setting aside the
admiralty writ

93 I turn now to the Defendant’s final string in its legal bow. The
Defendant’s counsel argued that the arrest should be set aside on the basis of
material non-disclosure by the Plaintiffs both in the Arrest Affidavit as well
as at the Arrest Hearing. By my count, Defendant’s counsel set out a list of 8
alleged non-disclosures and misleading/false statements and documents. I go
first to the law.

The Law

94 It was not in dispute that material non-disclosure is an independent ground
for setting aside a warrant of arrest. The duty to make full and frank
disclosure to the court was an important bulwark against the abuse of the
arrest process.: _The “Rainbow Spring”_ [2003] 3 SLR (R) 362 (_“Rainbow
Spring”_) at [37]. It is also settled law that the court retains an overriding
discretion whether or not to set aside an arrest for non-disclosure: _The
“Vasiliy Golovnin”_ [2008] 4 SLR(R) 994 (“ _The Vasiliy_ ”) at [84] endorsing
_The “Ferbienti”_ [1994] 3 SLR(R) 574 (_“The Ferbienti_ ”).

95 In _The Vasiliy_ , the Court of Appeal explained at [82] that the issue of
material non-disclosure should be examined from two aspects: _first_ , what
ought to have been disclosed i.e. _content and scope of disclosure_ , and
_second_ , the sufficiency of disclosure i.e. _the threshold of disclosure_.
As to the content and scope of disclosure, the Court of Appeal stated at [87]:

“87. The _test of materiality is always an objective one_. In the words of
Prakash J in _The Rainbow Spring_ , the test is simply to ask “ _how relevant
the fact is_ ” [emphasis added](at [33]). However, _the duty imposed on the
applicant requires him to ask what might be relevant to the court in its
assessment of whether or not the remedy should be granted_ , and not what the
applicant alone might think is relevant. _This inevitably embraces matters,
both factual and legal, which may be prejudicial or disadvantageous to the
successful outcome of the applicant’s application._ It extends to _all
material facts that could be reasonably ascertained and defences that might be
reasonably raised by the defendant_. It is important to stress, however, that
the _duty extends only to plausible, and not all conceivable or theoretical
defences_. For example, if there have been unsuccessful prior proceedings, the
context as well as the reasons for the dismissal must be adequately disclosed.
In short, the material facts are those which are material to enable the judge
to make an informed decision”

[emphases added]

96 In _The Eagle Prestige_ at [72], the Honourable Justice Belinda Ang had
occasion to analyse the reference to “plausible defence” in _The Vasiliy_ :

“72. In my view, the expression “ _plausible defences_ ” has to be understood
in the light of the realities of the situation in _The Vasiliy Golvnin (CA)_.
The claim was held to be “ _really implausibl_ e” and unsustainable; the point
that the cause of action was frivolous and vexatious could easily be taken and
determined summarily based on plainly cogent affidavit evidence. In a way, the
expression “ _plausible defences_ ” is being used loosely; the meaning of “
_plausible defences_ ” may be culled from the context and surrounding
circumstances. First, _The Vasiliy Golovnin_ (CA) was a case falling under
Situation 2 where the merits of the claim including the defences to the claim
were examined. Second, from a broader perspective, _plausible defences are
matters referable to objections (factual and/or legal) to the claim being
brought in the first place, or to the arrest being mounted at all._ They are
material facts which objectively speaking, _are of such weight that their
omission, at the application stage, is tantamount to or constitutes an abuse
of process_. Such an abuse of process is strictly speaking not a defence to
the claim; it is _an objection to the claim or arrest being brought an all._
In the context of the duty to make full and frank disclosure, a failure to
disclose material facts that constituted the abuse, would be a ground for
discharging or setting aside the warrant of arrest for material non-disclosure

73\. I now come to the reasons for holding the view that in the context of an
application for a warrant of arrest, the duty to disclose “plausible defences”
is _not_ generally directed at defences to the claim that may be raised at the
trial in answer to the plaintiff’s claim but in a broader perspective to
_matters that constitute an abuse of the arrest process_ (see [72] and [74]).
In a _case falling under Situation 2, there will be matters (factual and/or
legal) of such weight as to deliver the “knock-out blow” to the claim
summarily_ , _and_ , _on any reasonable view, their omission, at the
application stage, is tantamount to or constitutes an abuse of process._ These
_matters are likely to be, or at the very least, overlap with defences that
deliver the “knock out blow” to the claim summarily_ , _and_ it is _their
omission that is likely to or may mislead the court in the exercise of its
discretionary powers of arrest._

75\. …In my view, the non-disclosure of defences that the defendant could
raise at the trial in answer to the plaintiffs’ claim (as that pertains to the
ultimate merits of the action and the question of who is likely to win), _are
generally not characterised as a failure to give full and frank disclosure
unless_ (and this is the qualification (ie, Situation 2) mentioned in _The St
Elefterio_ (see [56] above) they are _matters that show up the claim as an
abuse of process, or one that is so obviously frivolous and vexatious as to be
open to summary dismissal and, on any reasonable view, their omission, at the
application stage, is tantamount to or constitutes an abuse of process_. From
a broader perspective, failure to disclose matters showing that the claim or
arrest should not have been brought at all, are material facts that constitute
the abuse of process. Simply put, _they constitute matters of such weight that
their omission is likely to or may mislead the court in the exercise of its
discretionary power of arrest_ (see [72] above).

[emphases added]

97 In essence, the point made by the learned Judge was that the duty to
disclose “plausible defences” was not generally directed at defences on the
merits that may be raised at the trial but referred to matters, which if not
disclosed, would be tantamount to an abuse of the arrest process. A clear
example of such matters, if omitted at the application stage, which would
constitute an abuse of the arrest process were “ _matters (factual and/or
legal) of such weight as to deliver the “knock-out blow” to the claim
summarily_ ”.

98 The learned Judge went on to conclude:

“84. To summarise, in the light of the low threshold of the merits enquiry
(ie, typically Situation 1 as in [54] above), _the omission to refer to
defences on the merits which the defendant may seek to raise in opposition of
the plaintiff’s claim would not generally be characterised as a failure to
make full and frank disclosure_. This is the position _so long as it cannot be
said that the action is an abuse of process, or that it is obviously frivolous
and vexatious so as to be open to summary dismissal._ Once this _tipping point
exists (as was the case in The Vasiliy Golovnin (CA)), there will be matters
(factual and/or legal) which are of such weight as to deliver the “knock-out”
blow to the claim summarily_ , and their omission is likely to or may mislead
the court in the exercise of its discretionary powers of arrest, then these
matters are material facts that will have to be disclosed (ie, Situation 2 as
in [54] above). Equally, a failure to disclose facts which constituted the
abuse of the arrest process would be ground for discharging or setting aside
the warrant, whether under Situation is 1 or 2 (see [72], [74] and [75] and
instances of abuse of the arrest process at [77] and [83] above).”

99 Cautioning against the undesirable practice of parties attempting to
meticulously dissect the factual matrix to “invent” missing material facts
upon which to mount non-disclosure challenges, the Court of Appeal in _The
Vasiliy_ astutely observed at [88] and [90] that the assessment of what is
material is ultimately a matter of _common sense_ and “the scope of disclosure
should be what is reasonable in the given circumstances at the time of the
arrest”. This point was echoed by the High Court in _The Eagle Prestige_ :

85\. Paragraph [88] of _The Vasiliy Golovnin (CA)_ warns against the
“meticulous dissection of the factual matrix to ‘invent’ missing material
facts”. Each case is fact-sensitive in terms of material facts advanced for
consideration by the court. As Rajah JA observed, applying common sense, the
scope of disclosure is based on _“what is reasonable given the circumstances
at the time of the arrest”_ (at [90])…”

[emphases added]

100 In the final analysis, the approach of the Singapore courts as explained
by the Court of Appeal in _The Bunga Melati 5_ at [116] and [117], is to
strike an optimal balance between two equally important policy concerns of (i)
_allowing the liberal invoking_ of admiralty jurisdiction and (ii) _preventing
the abuse_ of the ship arrest process:

“116. The position which we have reached here strikes an optimal balance
between allowing the _liberal invoking of admiralty jurisdiction (_ as the
authorities helpfully cited by the Judge suggest) and _preventing “the abuse
of the [ship] arrest process”_ (_The Vasiliy Golovnin (CA)_ at [105]). The
latter is as important a policy concern as the former. _Prior to_ the
defendant successfully applying to strike out the plaintiff’s claim, the
defendant could in the interim be inflicted by substantial financial losses
due to the plaintiff’s completely unjustifiable arrest of its vessel. While
these losses might subsequently be the subject of a wrongful arrest claim by
the defendant, it is important to keep in mind that not all wrongful arrests,
based on the current state of the law, warrants liability and damages (see
_The Vasiliy Golovnin (CA)_ at [128]); and even if damages are awarded, a
plaintiff might not always be in a sound financial state to pay.

117\. For that reason an assistant registrar hearing an application for _a
warrant of arrest_ must act as the first “gatekeeper” _against a completely
unmeritorious claim_ , by refusing to grant the warrant should the plaintiff’s
claim be supported by _obviously insufficient or contradictory documentary
evidence_. However, we also caution that as it is _not the role_ of the
assistant registrar _at that stage_ to determine the _sustainability_ of the
plaintiff’s action, he or she should refuse to grant leave in only _plain
cases of processoral abuse._ ”

[emphases added]

The Analysis

101 I now turn to examine the parties’ arguments. Underpinning the Defendant’s
list of alleged material non-disclosures, misleading/false statements and
documents was the Defendant’s case theory (“Case Theory”) that:

(a) although they purported to rely on section 3(1)(d), (g) and (l) of the
HC(AJ)A, the Plaintiff knew all along that they had no basis to arrest the
Defendant’s vessel under sections 3(1)(d) and 3(1)(g) of the HC(AJ)A and the
claim was always one based on the need to satisfy the requirements of _The
River Rima_ under section 3(1)(l) of the HC(AJ)A;

(b) the Plaintiff knew that to come within section 3(1)(l) of the HC(AJ)A,
they would have difficulty satisfying the requirements of _The River Rima_ ;

(c) the Plaintiff therefore concocted a case of false documents and misleading
statements in the Arrest Affidavit to try and meet the requirements of _The
River Rima_ in order to induce the arrest of the ship under section 3(1)(l) of
the HC(AJ)A; and

(d) the Plaintiff therefore deliberately avoided bringing _The River Rima_ to
the attention of the court at the Arrest Hearing;

102 In total, the Defendants’ set out a list of 8 material matters alleged to
be falsely presented and/or not disclosed for the purposes of the arrest
application:

(a) the misleading and false statement in paragraph 20 of the Arrest Affidavit
(“Disclosure (a)”);

(b) the misleading and false statement in paragraph 64 of the Arrest Affidavit
(“Disclosure (b)”);

(c) the false translation of Art 1.1 of the 2010 CLC (“Disclosure (c)”);

(d) the false Container Loading List from Tan Thuan Port exhibited at Tab 10
of the Arrest Affidavit (“Disclosure (d)”);

(e) the non-disclosure of the Defendants’ time bar defence to the Plaintiffs’
claim (“Disclosure (e)”);

(f) the non-disclosure of the Defendants’ _force majeure_ defence (“Disclosure
(f)”);

(g) the non-disclosure of matters relating to the Plaintiffs’ claims under
section 3(1)(d), (g) and (l) of the HC(AJ)A and deliberate avoidance of _The
River Rima_ at the Arrest Hearing (“Disclosure (g)”);

(h) the non-disclosure of the jurisdiction clause in the 2010 CLC and the
letter at page 137 of the Arrest Affidavit (“Disclosure (h)”).

The Defendants’ Case Theory – fact or fiction?

103 Before turning to address each of the alleged non-disclosures and/or
misleading/false statements and documents. It would be appropriate to first
address the Defendants’ Case Theory set out at [101] above.

104 I begin by noting that there was simply no evidence which could be found
in the Notes of Evidence (“NE”) of the Arrest Hearing that the Plaintiffs’
counsel had made any such submissions as characterised in paragraph [101]
above. As I understood the Plaintiff’s counsel’s arguments on section 3(1)(l),
there was never any attempt to bring the Plaintiff’s case within _The River
Rima_ test. This was also the Plaintiff’s position right from the start of the
hearings for the present application. As was recorded in my NE, the following
submissions were made by Plaintiffs’ counsel:

“Defendants accuse Plaintiffs of false translation because they try to argue
that Plaintiffs required such a translation to bring the claim within s
3(1)(l) of the HCAJA

we accept that the CLC does not identify any particular ship. Don’t understand
why Defendant makes such an argument. _Plaintiffs rely on Bass Reefer_. Shows
2 things (1) don’t need to expressly specify the ship and (2) don’t need
express wording in the contract that the ship will be specified by the time of
performance of the contract. _Only question is to look at situation at the
time, implication of the circumstances_.

_Because of this authority_ , no need for Plaintiffs to massage the
translation to bring it into the s 3(1)(l) as my learned friend has suggested.
_This is authority that disagrees with River Rima, observes on authority._ We
have based our arrest on s 3(1)(l) which we have researched and _conclude that
our case is not a River Rima type case_ and _therefore we do meet requirements
under s 3(1)(l)”_

[emphases added]

105 As I pointed out earlier at [70] and [72] above, the Plaintiff’s case on
section 3(1)(l), HC(AJ)A was premised on an erroneous reading of _The Bass
Reefer_ \- that it would be sufficient to identify the ship by implication,
assessing the matter _at the time the containers were supplied to the ship_
(relying on the Container Loading List to evidence this) as opposed to
identifying the ship at the _time of performance of the contract of supply_.

106 In the course of arguments, the Defendant’s counsel found it necessary to
further allege that this was a case “where having been caught by the
Defendant, the Plaintiffs are trying to pull back and claim that they are not
relying on the EIRs and the booking order to fulfil “THE RIVER RIMA” test now
that their fraudulent position regarding the documents have been exposed by
the revelation of the Defendants”. I disagree. There is simply no evidence in
the NE of the Arrest Hearing that the Plaintiff’s counsel had made any such
submissions that they relied on the EIRs and the booking order to fulfil the
test in _The River Rima_ in the first place.

107 I would make one last observation on this point and it is this. The
Defendant’s Case Theory is less compelling once it is appreciated that the
Plaintiff had an arguable case that their claim was of the character
contemplated under sections 3(1)(d) of the HC(AJ)A (see my earlier analyses at
[27] to [40]). That being so, the alleged _motive_ for the Plaintiffs’ alleged
manipulation of their facts and evidence to bring their case within the ambit
of section 3(1)(l) of the HC(AJ)A is certainly questionable.

108 All things considered, the Defendant’s case theory is more fiction than
fact. I turn now to address each of the allegations of non-disclosure and/or
false statements and documents.

Disclosure (a) & (d) - misleading and false statement in paragraph 20 of the
Arrest Affidavit & the Container Loading List of the Tan Thuan Port authority
exhibited at Tab 10 of the Arrest Affidavit is a false document

109 I address the arguments on Disclosure (a) and (d) together as they are
said to be related. Disclosure (a) pertained to paragraph 20 of the Arrest
Affidavit which stated:

“20. _Some time in December 2010_ , the Plaintiffs supplied 111 containers to
the Defendants _pursuant to the Container Lease Contract_ for carriage on
board the Defendants’ vessel “Phu Tan” (the “**Vessel** ”) at Ho Chi Minh for
carriage to Hai Phong. A copy of the Container Loading List provided by the
Tan Thuan Port record database evidencing the shipment of the 111 containers
on board the Vessel is annexed hereto at [Tab 10]”

[emphasis added]

110 The Defendant alleged that paragraph 20 was misleading and there was
material non-disclosure as (i) the 111 containers had actually been supplied
to the Defendant _before December 2010_ and not “[s]ometime in December 2010”;
(ii) the bulk of the 111 containers were not supplied “pursuant to the 2010
CLC” but were initially supplied to the Defendant under an earlier container
leasing agreement in 2006; and (iii) there was no written agreement between
the parties between 2007 and up to the execution of the 2010 CLC. The
Defendant’s allegation in relation to Disclosure (d) was that the Container
Loading List provided by the Tan Thuan Port record database (exhibited at Tab
10 of the Arrest Affidavit) was a false document.

111 In response, Plaintiff’s counsel submitted that (i) the 111 containers
were leased to the Defendant pursuant to the 2010 CLC. The earlier 2006 lease
agreement referred to by the Defendant had ended in 2007 and was therefore
irrelevant; (ii) at the time of the loss, the only contract in force between
the parties was the 2010 CLC; and (iii) that the Defendant had themselves
informed the Plaintiffs, by their letter dated 10 March 2011 (disclosed in the
Arrest Affidavit), that all of the 111 containers carried on board the vessel
“Phu Tan” which were leased pursuant to the 2010 CLC had been lost when the
“Phu Tan” sank. Plaintiff’s counsel submitted that in the circumstances, the
object of paragraph 20 of the Arrest Affidavit was to state the point that the
111 containers had been leased under the 2010 CLC and were loaded on the
Defendants’ vessel “PHU TAN” sometime in December 2010 when thereafter the
vessel sank.

112 I do not accept the Defendants’ argument that there was material non-
disclosure of the facts that (i) the 111 containers were not leased under the
2010 CLC but under a different lease agreement in 2006, and (ii) there was no
written agreement between the parties between 2007 and up to the execution of
the 2010 CLC. In this regard, I find the observations of Rajah JA in _The
Vasiliy_ at [88] and [90] instructive i.e. that the matter was to be assessed
applying common sense, based on _what is reasonable given the circumstances at
the time of the arrest_. I have earlier noted at [58] to [61] that on the
existing evidence before me, in particular, the Defendant’s letter to the
Plaintiffs dated 10 March 2011, I would accept that the 111 containers were
leased pursuant to the 2010 CLC. In my view, the contents of the Defendant’s
10 March 2011 letter clearly show that the Defendant had informed the
Plaintiff that the 111 containers which were leased under the 2010 CLC were on
board the “PHU TAN” and the containers were lost when the “PHU TAN” sank. In
these circumstances, there was no objective basis for the Plaintiff to
consider that the court at the Arrest Hearing might deem it relevant to know
if the 111 containers had been leased pursuant to any agreements other than
the 2010 CLC or that the Plaintiff had entered into any earlier lease
agreements with the Defendants, or that there were no written agreements from
2007 to June 2010. What would have been relevant to the court at the Arrest
Hearing was really the matter of whether the 111 containers were leased
pursuant to the 2010 CLC which formed the basis of the Plaintiff’s claims. As
to this matter, the Plaintiff had provided adequate explanation in the Arrest
Affidavit, and exhibited the Defendant’s letter dated 10 March 2011 (at Tab
11) in support. Indeed the NE of the Arrest Hearing show that Plaintiff’s
counsel specifically referred the court to “[p]age 137 of 1st affidavit” which
was where the Defendant’s 10 March 2011 letter was exhibited.

113 The most that could be said for the Defendant at this juncture was that,
whether or not the 111 containers was leased under the 2010 CLC was a factual
dispute that they had raised post-arrest and which had not been determined in
their favour. It follows that it is not open to them to contend that paragraph
20 of the Arrest Affidavit was false or misleading in this respect.

114 I also find no substance in the Defendant’s argument that there was non-
disclosure of the fact that the 111 containers were supplied “before December
2010” and not “[s]ome time in December 2010”. Given the circumstances
prevailing at the time of the arrest, in particular the Defendants’ letter to
the Plaintiffs dated 10 March 2011, there was no objective basis for the
Plaintiff to consider that the court at the Arrest Hearing might deem it
relevant to know the dates when the 111 containers were picked up by the
Defendant. What would have been relevant to the court at the Arrest Hearing
was really the matter of whether the 111 containers were leased pursuant to
the 2010 CLC which formed the basis of the Plaintiff’s claims and whether
these were the 111 containers lost on the “Phu Tan”. Further, the words
“[s]ome time in December 2010” when read in the context of paragraph 20 and 21
of the Arrest Affidavit, refers back to the material time period when the 111
containers were supplied “for carriage on board the Defendants’ vessel “PHU
TAN” and which were lost when the “Phu Tan” sank. I accept the Plaintiff’s
submission that paragraph 20 was meant to state that the 111 containers was
supplied _to the Defendants’ vessel “PHU TAN”_ sometime in December 2010 when
thereafter the vessel sank.

115 As for the allegation that the Container Loading List from the Tan Thuan
Port records database was false. I have earlier found otherwise (see [62] to
[65] above). The most that could be said for the Defendant was that, the
authenticity of the Container Loading List was a factual dispute that had not
been determined in their favour and it was not open to them to contend that
the Container Loading List exhibited at Tab 10 of the Arrest Affidavit was a
false document so as to constitute material non-disclosure.

Disclosure (b) - the misleading and false statement in paragraph 64 of the
Arrest Affidavit

116 Disclosure (b) pertained to paragraph 64 of the Arrest Affidavit which
stated:

“64. On 21 February 2013 at 9:59pm, the Plaintiffs responded to state that the
proof is in the “Leasing Container Agreement and the Equipment Interchange
receipt (EIR)” [Tab 35]. I attach by way of example a copy of one of the many
EIRs together with the booking order from VCSC requesting us to supply
containers for loading on “PHU TAN” for carriage from Tan Thuan, Ho Chi Minh
to Hai Phong. _This shows that we supplied the container and that the
Defendants received it_ ”

[emphasis added]

117 Defendant’s counsel submitted that by paragraph 64, the Plaintiff had
sought to present a picture that:

(a) VCSC would request for containers by the booking order and would name the
ship in the document and that the name of the ship would be found in the
corresponding EIR. The two documents exhibited at Tab 35 were presented as an
example of all the other booking orders and EIRs that were issued between the
Plaintiffs and the Defendants;

(b) The effect was that in each case the Defendant had identified the specific
ship to which the containers should be sent to as the “Phu Tan” and the
Plaintiff had accepted the identification by sending the containers requested
to that specific ship.

118 Defendant’s counsel then argued that:

(a) paragraph 64 was false as the booking orders and EIRs that were produced
by both parties subsequently showed that there was a total of 7 different
ships mentioned in these documents and not just the “PHU TAN”;

(b) the false statement at paragraph 64 was designed to allow the Plaintiff’s
counsel to later argue in court that even though the 2010 CLC did not refer to
any particular ship, nonetheless, because all the booking orders and EIRs
referred to the “PHU TAN”, therefore the “PHU TAN” was the identified vessel
so as to satisfy _The River Rima_ test and establish admiralty jurisdiction
under section 3(1)(l) of the HC(AJ)A.

119 Plaintiff’s counsel submitted in response that reading paragraph 64 of the
Arrest Affidavit in context together with paragraphs 63 and 65, it was clear
that the sample of the EIR and booking order was exhibited simply to show that
“[the Plaintiffs] supplied the container and that the Defendants received it”.
The proper context of paragraph 64 was that it referred to an email sent from
the Plaintiff in response to the Defendant’s earlier email query for proof of
ownership of the containers. Plaintiff’s counsel’s contended, in essence, that
the Defendants’ had read paragraph 64 out of context and constructed a
misconceived allegation of non-disclosure around it.

120 I agree entirely with the Plaintiff’s submissions. Read in its proper
context, there is no doubt that the purpose of paragraph 64 of the Arrest
Affidavit was to respond to the Defendant’s earlier email query for proof of
ownership of the Containers at the relevant time. In my view, the Defendants’
theory set out at [117] to [118] above was interesting but far-fetched as:

(a) it ignored the plain words of the last sentence at paragraph 64 which read
“This shows that we supplied the container and that the Defendants received
it”;

(b) it ignored the clear context of paragraph 64 read together with paragraphs
63 and 65 of the Arrest Affidavit;

(c) there was no evidence in the NE of the Arrest Hearing that the Plaintiff’s
counsel had made any such submissions as characterised in paragraph [118(b)]
above. Further, as I understood the Plaintiff’s counsel’s arguments on section
3(1)(l), there was never any attempt to bring the Plaintiff’s case within _The
River Rima_ test. Rather, as I pointed out earlier at [71] to [72] above, the
Plaintiff’s case was premised on an erroneous reading of _The Bass Reefer_ \-
that it was sufficient to simply identify the ship at the time of _supply of
the containers to the ship_ (relying on the Container Loading List (Tab 10,
Arrest Affidavit) to evidence this) as opposed to identifying the ship at the
_time of performance of the contract of supply_.

Disclosure (c) – the false translation of the 2010 CLC

121 I have dealt with the Defendant’s contentions on this point earlier at
[53] to [56] above. For the reasons set out at [56], I found this allegation
to be without substance and accepted that the Plaintiff’s translation was
authentic. The most that could be said for the Defendant was that they have,
post-arrest, raised a factual dispute on the translated wordings of the 2010
CLC. It is not open for them to argue that the translation of the 2010 CLC
exhibited in the Arrest Affidavit was false as this factual dispute had not
been determined in their favour.

Disclosures (e) & (f) - non-disclosure of the time bar defence & the force
majeure defence

122 It is useful to recapitulate at this juncture the analysis on the extent
of disclosure required in respect of “plausible defences”: _The Eagle
Prestige_ at [72] - [75], [84]. The duty to disclose “plausible defences” was
not generally directed at defences on the merits that may be raised at the
trial but referred to matters, which if omitted from disclosure, would be
tantamount to an abuse of the arrest process. This was the position so long as
it cannot be said that the action is an abuse of process, or that it is
obviously frivolous and vexatious so as to be open to summary dismissal. _Once
this tipping point exists_ , there would be _matters of such weight as to
deliver the “knock-out blow” to the claim summarily_ and their omission is
likely to or may mislead the court in the exercise of its discretionary powers
of arrest.

123 The starting point here is that in the present action, the Plaintiff’s
claim was _not_ obviously unsustainable and is not one which could be struck
out or “knocked-out” summarily on the basis of the Defendants’ time bar
defence (see my earlier analysis at [79] to [86] above). It follows that the
omission to disclose the plausible time bar defence or matters overlapping
with the plausible time bar defence does _not_ equate to an abuse of the
arrest process which may justify setting aside an arrest.

124 As I understand it, Defendant’s counsel sought to contend that a time bar
defence, by its very nature, would be considered as _potentially_ a “knock -
out blow” defence and should therefore have been disclosed. There appears to
be some attraction to this submission at first blush. However, in my view,
adopting the analysis in _The Eagle Prestige_ , in the context of alleged non-
disclosure, “plausible defences” should be understood as matters (factual
and/or legal) of such weight as to deliver the “knock-out blow” to the claim
summarily and not merely a defence to the claim which _by their nature_ would
_potentially_ deliver a “knock out” blow to the claim. Adopting the approach
of Defendant’s counsel may bring the court closer to an impermissible exercise
of undertaking an assessment of the merits and sustainability of a plaintiff’s
action at the stage of the arrest hearing. In this regard, the guidance laid
down by the Court of Appeal in _The Bunga Melati 5_ (at [117]) is apposite and
it is this:

(a) at the arrest hearing, the court acts as a “gatekeeper” against a
“completely unmeritorious claim”;

(b) a warrant to arrest may be refused if the plaintiff’s claim is supported
by “obviously insufficient or contradictory _documentary_ evidence” (“emphasis
added”);

(c) it is not the role of the court at the arrest stage to determine the
sustainability of the plaintiff’s action, and leave should be refused only in
“plain cases of processoral abuse”.

125 Ultimately, the Defendant did not point to any circumstances which
demonstrated that the non-disclosure of the potential time bar defence
amounted to an abuse of process. There was, for example, no allegation or
evidence to show that the Defendant had communicated to the Plaintiff that
they relied on the time bar defence. I have earlier concluded that there is a
legitimate dispute of fact whether or not the Plaintiff’s claim is time-barred
under Vietnamese law. At this juncture, the most that can be said for the
Defendant is that this remains a point of controversy. Accordingly, the time
bar defence is not a “plausible defence” which if not disclosed would amount
to an abuse of process and justify setting aside the arrest.

126 For completeness, I note that had I concluded otherwise that there was
material non-disclosure of the time bar defence, I would still not have
exercised my discretion to set aside the arrest because I would have regarded
such a step as a disproportionate response to the omission. In this regard,
the courts apply the principle of proportionality to assess the sin of
omission against the impact of such default: _The Vasiliy_ at [84]. Based on
the evidence before me and the circumstances in which the arrest was made, I
would not think there was any deliberate suppression of the time bar defence
on the part of the Plaintiff. There was no allegation or evidence to show that
the Defendant had communicated to the Plaintiff that they relied on the time
bar defence. Further, I would not think that the impact of the default was so
significant as I have noted earlier that there exists in the present action a
legitimate dispute of fact as to whether or not the Plaintiff’s claim is time
barred under Vietnamese law.

127 The Defendant’s arguments that there was non-disclosure of the _force
majeure_ defence go this way. They contend that it was clear “since day one”
that the _force majeure_ defence was a live issue and referred to the
Defendant’s 10 March 2011 letter to support this argument. Defendant’s counsel
pointed to the following statement found in the letter:

“As you are well aware, MV “Phu Tan” encountered the very heavy weather and
sank with all containers onboard on 16 December 2919 in Tonkin Gulf although
our crewmembers tried their best to take all possible necessary and admissible
measures to remedy. As a consequence of this sinking incident, your containers
listed below are a total loss…”

I am unable to agree with Defendant’s counsel’s submissions which were
premised on a rather strained construction of the letter. Read as a whole, the
letter certainly did not clearly indicate that the Defendant intended to rely
on a _force majeure_ defence. The last paragraph of the same letter makes it
clear that the Defendant had informed the Plaintiff that they were still
waiting for the competent authority to issue the investigation conclusion on
_the cause_ of the sinking incident:

“We will consider and settle termination and liquidation of lost containers
upon the receipt of a final investigation conclusion issued by the competent
authority on _the cause_ of sinking incident and in accordance with the
existing provisions of Vietnam laws”.

[emphasis added]

128 Further, I have earlier found (at paragraph [28]), based on the
Investigation Conclusion issued by the Hai Phong Port authority that the
sinking of the ship (and consequently the loss of the containers) was
attributable to those engaged in the navigation or management of the ship. At
this juncture, the most that can be said for the Defendant is that they have
raised the _force majeure_ defence as a point of dispute which has not been
determined in their favour. I also note that the Defendant had not sought to
rely on the _force majeure_ defence for the purposes of their striking out
application. In my view, the _force majeure_ defence is not a “plausible
defence” which if not disclosed would amount to an abuse of process and
justify setting aside the arrest.

Disclosure (g) - non - disclosure of matters relating to the Plaintiffs’
claims under section 3(1)(d), (g) and (l) of the HC(AJ)A and deliberate
avoidance of The River Rima at the Arrest Hearing

129 The Defendant submitted that there was material non-disclosure of matters
relating to the Plaintiffs’ claims under section 3(1)(d), (g) and (l) of the
HC(AJ)A. The non-disclosures essentially relate to matters of law or legal
principles which the Defendant’s submitted were such settled principles and so
integral to the court’s assessment of whether or not the jurisdictional limbs
could be invoked that they ought to have been disclosed at the Arrest Hearing:

(a) In relation to section 3(1)(d), the Defendant’s complaint was that the
Plaintiff did not disclose to the court that the section “was not for claims
against the carrying ship” and that “[they] did not think anyone can credibly
claim that they did not know s 3(1)(d) does not apply to claims against
carrying ship”;

(b) In relation to section 3(1)(g), it was alleged that the “AR was not
advised that s 3(1)(g) was for cargo claims and that the containers were not
cargo but claimed as equipment”;

(c) In relation to section 3(1)(l), the heart of the complaint was that the
Plaintiffs had not referred the court to _The River Rima_ which was the
leading case.

I would note here that the above allegations of material non-disclosure were
also made in the context of the Defendants’ Case Theory (which I have rejected
at [103] to [108] above)

130 I will first address the complaints in relation to sections 3(1)(d). I
have earlier found (at [27] to [40] that the Plaintiff had an arguable case
that their claim was of the type and nature contemplated under section
3(1)(d). The Defendant’s complaints of non-disclosure however appear to be
premised on their perception (which I have disagreed with) that the Plaintiff
did not have any arguable case that their claims were of the type and nature
to fall within sections 3(1)(d). In relation to section 3(1)(d), Plaintiff’s
counsel relied on Australian and New Zealand authorities to show that they had
an arguable case that their claim came within the ambit of this jurisdictional
limb. I also earlier noted (at [38]) that the learned author in the
authoritative local textbook _Admiralty Law and Practice_ expressly recognised
that there was differing authority on the scope of section 3(1)(d). In these
circumstances, it could not be said that the alleged non-disclosure that this
jurisdictional limb “was not for claims against the carrying ship” amounted to
material non-disclosure;

131 In relation to section 3(1)(g), it was clear from the NE of the Arrest
Hearing that the court was in fact referred to the “issue regarding whether
containers amount to “goods” within the meaning of the limb. The NE recorded
that the court was in fact referred to the case of _The Mezen_ and that the
Plaintiff in arguing their case, submitted to the court that the “[c]ontainers
were being transported from one place to another”. Significantly, the NE also
further recorded that in submitting to the court on section 3(1)(l),
Plaintiff’s counsel stated “Section 3(1)(l) _if containers are not cargo_
because the containers were for the operation of the ship which was a
container ship” [emphasis added]. It is reasonably clear therefore that the
issue of whether the containers were cargo within the meaning of section
3(1)(g) was in fact disclosed and brought to the court’s attention. There is
therefore no substance in the Defendant’s complaint that “the court was not
advised that section 3(1)(g) was for cargo claims and that the containers were
not cargo but claimed as equipment” and that this amounted to material non-
disclosure.

132 The Defendant’s main complaints really centred on section 3(1)(l) and the
allegation that the Plaintiff had not referred the court to _The River Rima_
which was the leading case. Underpinning these complaints was the Defendant’s
(untenable) Case Theory. I am unable to agree with the Defendant that there
was non – disclosure of _The River Rima_ at the Arrest Hearing. My reasons are
as follows:

(a) The NE of the Arrest Hearing records that the Plaintiff’s counsel brought
the court’s attention to the Singapore case of _The “Alexandrea”_ [2002] 1
SLR(R) 812 (_“The Alexandrea”_);

(b) _The Alexandrea_ discussed the case of _The River Rima_ at [29], [30],
[31], [36] and set out, in brief, at [29], the _River Rima_ test of
identification of the ship which was supplied; and

(c) Plaintiffs’ counsel affirmed to the court that she had brought the court’s
attention to _The River Rima_ in the course of her submissions on _The
Alexandrea._ There was no evidence to suggest this was not the case.
Plaintiff’s counsel further explained that she had referred to _The
Alexandrea_ as the comments therein, that section 3(1)(l) applied to claims in
tort, were pertinent to the Plaintiff’s claim.

133 In the course of the hearings, the Defendant’s counsel sought
clarification, by way of a letter, from the Assistant Registrar (“AR”)
presiding over the Arrest Hearing whether or not Plaintiff’s counsel had
referred the court to the case of _The River Rima_. The AR’s response was
“nothing further to add to the certified notes of evidence”. Flowing from the
AR’s response, the Defendant’s counsel contended that because the
clarification of the AR was that there was “nothing further to add to the
certified notes of evidence”, and insofar as the NE of the Arrest Hearing did
not expressly record the reference to “ _The River Rima_ ”, this meant that
the Plaintiff’s counsel had in fact not referred the AR to _The River Rima_ ,
even though she claimed she had. This was, by all accounts, a relatively
serious accusation levelled against Plaintiff’s counsel, and one which I would
dismiss as without any evidential basis.

134 To conclude on this point, I find, based on the foregoing analysis, that
there is no merit in the Defendant’s submissions that there was non-disclosure
in respect of matters relating to section 3(1)(d), (g) and (l).

135 Before proceeding further, for completeness, I would make the further
observations on a point of law that was raised by the Plaintiff’s counsel in
the course of her arguments. Plaintiff’s counsel submitted that a distinction
should be made between matters of fact and “pure questions of law” as regards
the test for disclosure and that a plaintiff should bear a higher burden in
relation to the disclosure of facts. The argument was premised on the
proposition that the court on an _ex parte_ application is reliant on the
applicant to produce all material facts and evidence whereas in relation to
“pure questions of law”, the court was better placed to make its own
assessment and would not be so reliant on the applicant. Plaintiff’s counsel
submitted that in cases such as _The Vasiliy, The Eagle Prestige_ and _The
Bunga Melati 5_ , the courts had hitherto focused on non-disclosure of
_material facts_ either relevant to a jurisdictional issue or in support of
“plausible defences” and had not dealt with disclosure of matters of pure law.

136 In my view there is no need or basis to draw such a distinction between
matters of fact and “pure questions of law”. The statements found in _The
Vasiliy_ , _The Eagle Prestige_ and _The Bunga Melati 5_ discussed the
disclosure of both factual and legal matters/objections and the courts there
did not express any intention to lay down different tests to govern
disclosures of fact and disclosures of “pure questions of law”. As stated by
the Court of Appeal in _The Vasiliy_ , the test of materiality:

87\. …embraces matters _both factual and legal_ , which may be prejudicial or
disadvantageous to the successful outcome of the applicant’s application. It
extends to all material facts that could be reasonably ascertained and
defences that might be reasonably raised by the defendant.

[emphasis added]

137 The Court of Appeal in _The Bunga Melati 5_ (at [116]) issued the salutary
reminder that our courts ultimately seek to strike the balance between the
twin policy concerns of allowing a liberal invoking of the admiralty
jurisdiction and _preventing the abuse of the ship arrest process_. Whether or
not there was material non-disclosure in the circumstances is ultimately to be
assessed with reference to the question of whether the alleged non-disclosure
amounted to _an abuse of the arrest process_. The (common)sensible guidance in
_The Vasiliy_ (at [90]) is that the scope of disclosure should be what is
reasonable in the given circumstances at the time of the arrest, assessed as a
matter of common sense.

138 In my observation, whether it is a “pure question of law” or otherwise,
the test of materiality would remain the same. In the context of disclosing
matters of “pure questions of law” to the court at an arrest hearing, the
policy concern is whether the alleged non-disclosure is tantamount to an abuse
of the arrest process. I venture to illustrate this briefly. Under the various
jurisdictional limbs of the HC(AJ)A, had there been Singapore authorities
which _conclusively_ determined the ambit of these provisions, then any
applicant intending to contend for an interpretation of sections 3(1)(d) or
3(1)(g) which went against the grain of _conclusive_ Singapore authorities
would have the duty to disclose these _conclusive_ Singapore authorities for
the court’s consideration failing which there would be strong suggestion that
such non-disclosure amounts to an abuse of process which may warrant a setting
aside of the arrest.

Disclosure (h) – non-disclosure of the jurisdiction clause in the 2010 CLC and
the letter at page 137 of the Arrest Affidavit

139 I come now to the Defendant’s final allegations of non-disclosure. The
Defendant argued that the jurisdiction clause in the 2010 CLC and the letter
at page 137 of the Arrest Affidavit were not disclosed to the court at the
Arrest Hearing. However, the evidence indicates otherwise. The NE of the
Arrest Hearing records:

“PC: …Page 137 of 1st affidavit is a document showing that 111 containers
belonging to the Plaintiff were lost.

[Goes through paragraphs 4 to 99 of 1st affidavit and exhibits]”

140 It is clear from the record that the letter at page 137 of the Arrest
Affidavit was in fact disclosed and referred to the court _specifically_. As
for the jurisdiction clause at Art 6 of the 2010 CLC, this was set out in the
text of the Arrest Affidavit at paragraph 12 under a section listing out the
relevant terms of the 2010 CLC. It was recorded in the NE that the Plaintiffs’
counsel (i.e. “PC”) went through paragraphs 4 to 99 with the court. Evidently
this exercise would have included taking the court through paragraph 12 of the
Arrest Affidavit. In short, there is no factual basis for the Defendant to
allege non-disclosure of these matters.

Conclusion

141 For all the foregoing reasons, the Defendant’s application is dismissed. I
will hear parties on costs.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 12 Dec 2014 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

