Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Enholco Pte Ltd _v_ Schonk, Antonius Martinus Mattheus and Another  
[2015] SGHC 20

Case Number| :| Suit No 212 of 2013  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 04 February 2015  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Choo Han Teck J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Dr Lau Teik Soon and Karuppiah Chandra Sekaran (Lau
Chandra & Rita LLP) for the plaintiff; See Chern Yang (Premier Law LLC) for
the defendants.  
Parties| :|  Enholco Pte Ltd — Schonk Antonius Martinus Mattheus —
International Oil and Gas Consultants Pte Ltd  
  
[LawNet Editorial Note: The appeals to this decision in Civil Appeal Nos 47
and 106 of 2015 was allowed in part by the Court of Appeal on 24 November
2015. See [2015] SGCA 65.]

4 February 2015| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Choo Han Teck J:

1 The plaintiff is a company incorporated in 1988. Its business is mainly in
the sale of spare parts and providing consultancy services in the oil and gas
industry. Haank Jan Gerhard (“Gerhard”) is its managing director.

2 Schonk Antonius Martinus Mattheus (“Mattheus”) was an employee of the
plaintiff from 1 September 1989 till 24 August 2012. He incorporated the
second defendant company on 5 April 2012 and is its sole shareholder and
director. This fact was not known to the plaintiff until 16 August 2012. The
plaintiff’s case against both defendants is that Mattheus was acting in
conflict of interests and in breach of his fiduciary duties to his employer,
the plaintiff. It alleges that Mattheus acted in detriment to the interests of
the plaintiff. Thus, on 24 August 2012 Mattheus was sacked from the plaintiff
company.

3 In this action, the plaintiff claims a sum of $1,676,547.56 as losses
incurred by reason of Mattheus’ breach of duty. It is also claiming damages
for the loss of profit amounting to $2,800,000 to $4,200,000.

4 Mattheus claims that he was not in breach of his obligations and duties as
an employee by incorporating the second defendant because the plaintiff had
known about the second defendant’s existence. Mattheus counterclaims against
the plaintiff for wrongful termination and claims $150,000 being five months’
salary in-lieu of notice plus $50,000 for reimbursement of expenses, car
financing that the plaintiff ought to have paid for Mattheus but did not.

5 Although the critical event was the sacking of Mattheus on 24 August 2012,
the opposing cases go back some years. Gerhard says that he was planning to
retire and from 2009 had begun discussions with Mattheus with the view that
Mattheus (who is 62 years old at the trial) would buy between 49% to 100% of
Gerhard’s shares in the plaintiff. Gerhard was 70 years old at the time of the
trial. The negotiations failed. Gerhard says that instead of paying him for
his shares in the plaintiff, Mattheus went to incorporate the second
defendant.

6 Mattheus claims that the second defendant was incorporated to take over the
business of ‘Unit 2’. ‘Unit 2’ is the name of a division of the plaintiff
which dealt with certain customers and was, accounting-wise, dealt with
separately in the plaintiff’s accounts. At all material times Mattheus was in
charge of Unit 2.

7 Mattheus now says that in July 2001 he and the plaintiff (through Gerhard)
concluded an oral contract (“the Unit 2 Agreement”) in which Mattheus was to
take over the entire assets, business, and undertakings of Unit 2. In
exchange, he will relieve the plaintiff of the costs of operating Unit 2.

8 Plaintiff denies the Unit 2 Agreement. Gerhard was the key person from the
plaintiff who dealt with Mattheus. He testified that throughout the years from
2001, Mattheus had never once claimed that the plaintiff had ceded or sold or
transferred Unit 2 to Mattheus. In the negotiations concerning the sale of
Gerhard’s shares in the plaintiff to Mattheus, the latter had not once
mentioned that the valuation of the shares was wrong because Unit 2 ought to
have been excluded as an asset or division of the plaintiff. Gerhard
testified, and I believe his testimony, that Mattheus had never claimed to own
Unit 2.

9 It seems to me that Mattheus’ claim was a late idea against the plaintiff’s
claim for breach of duty. The most telling indication of this is the complete
silence of this Unit 2 Agreement in the defence from September 2012 to August
2014 when Mattheus and the second defendant were represented by Rajah & Tann
LLP. It was only on 27 June 2014 when the defence was amended to allege the
Unit 2 Agreement.

10 Although Mattheus had been in charge of Unit 2, he kept Gerhard informed of
the business and monthly expense reports were regularly sent to Gerhard. This
is clearly contrary to the claim that Unit 2 belonged to Mattheus solely.
There is no evidence that Unit 2 had been carved out of the plaintiff. I am
unable to accept that Mattheus could claim this as his personal assets when he
has not a shred of documentary evidence to support this claim.

11 The Unit 2 Agreement is crucial to Mattheus’ defence. However one looks at
his evidence, it is devoid of clear detail, and unsupported by the conduct of
the parties over the years. But I begin with the most basic point. If Unit 2
is such a disaster that Gerhard wanted to get rid of without even receiving a
cent from it, why would Gerhard permit the plaintiff to continue paying for
Unit 2’s operating costs? There is no clear evidence, but the testimony of
Gerhard suggests that the operating costs of Unit 2 were maintained by the
plaintiff. Mattheus claims that Unit 2 was entirely his but operated ‘under
the umbrella of [the plaintiff]’ as his counsel submits. This is not borne out
by any documentary evidence. The accounting records show that Unit 2 is part
of the plaintiff. If required, as in this action, how would Mattheus prove
that Unit 2 is his – other than his claim made orally?

12 The evidence shows that Mattheus had taken liberties with his
responsibilities over Unit 2 by using its income to pay for his children’s
overseas education. Gerhard discovered this subsequently but chooses to take a
benign view of this. The question is whether Gerhard’s response was reasonable
depends a great deal on whether Gerhard is a generous person. These are fringe
benefits and I am of the view that it is not unreasonable for Gerhard to take
a benign view of this expenditure from Unit 2’s account.

13 More significantly, when Gerhard took back control of Unit 2 in March 2012,
Mattheus did not resist or make any attempt to resist. If Unit 2 was his,
Gerhard had no right to take back control of Unit 2.

14 Further, if Mattheus was right that he has been operating as the sole
proprietor of Unit 2 since 2001 and no longer in the employ of plaintiff, his
response to the termination of his employment was not one of surprise. His
conduct was consistent with that of an employee. A reasonable person in the
circumstances would have told the plaintiff that he had left the company 11
years ago.

15 Mattheus denies that he was in breach of his fiduciary duties as an
employee of the plaintiff. However, the evidence adduced by Dr Lau Teik Soon,
counsel for the plaintiff shows that the timing of incorporation of the second
defendant by Mattheus fits his (Mattheus’) general plans. Rather than paying
Gerhard money to buy over his shares in the plaintiff, Mattheus need only
incorporate his own company. That would be fine in the absence of any binding
contract otherwise. In this case, Mattheus not only incorporated a rival
entity, but had taken steps to lure away the business and customers of the
plaintiff while Mattheus was still in its employ.

16 A perusal of Mattheus’ evidence under cross-examination regarding the Hans
Leffer shows that he had attempted to divert retainer fees from the
plaintiff’s client (Hans Leffer) to the second defendant. Furthermore,
Mattheus’ explanation in court regarding the documentary evidence which shows
the second defendant attempting to divert the business from LP Supplies and
Services Sdn Bhd as well as Chinyee Engineering and Machinery Pte Ltd, was, in
my assessment, unconvincing.

17 I find that throughout the years of his employment and even from the time
after his termination, Mattheus was the party whose conduct was surreptitious
and not straightforward. I am also sceptical about his explanations as to why
he deleted records from the company’s computers. The incontrovertible fact was
that he installed software to delete the company’s data. He claims that he did
that to remove only his private email. It was not so innocuous. The entire
data was removed and reformatted. It was a deliberate act designed to
comprehensively remove any trace of evidence against Mattheus. All these were
done by only one person – Mattheus himself. This conduct is contrary to his
case that he is the owner of Unit 2. He will have left the history of the
computer record for the court’s assessment. It seems to me that the conduct of
Gerhard and Mattheus shows that Gerhard’s evidence to be the more reliable
one, namely, that until the negotiations to buy Gerhard’s shares in the
plaintiff broke down, Gerhard and Mattheus were friends. Consequently, Gerhard
had given Mattheus much leeway.

18 The plaintiff’s claim is allowed and therefore there will be judgment for
the plaintiff with damages to be assessed before me at a later date. The
defendants’ counterclaims are dismissed.

19 I will hear parties on costs at a later date.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 04 Feb 2015 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

