Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  PT Selecta Bestama _v_ Sin Huat Huat Marine Transportation Pte Ltd  
[2015] SGHCR 16

Case Number| :| Adm No 135 of 2014 (Summons No 1088 of 2015)  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 30 July 2015  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Nicholas Poon AR  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Jason Tan Hin Wa (Asia Ascent Law Corporation) for the
plaintiff; Michael Chia Peng Chuang and Darius Lee (Legal Solutions LLC) for
the defendant.  
Parties| :|  PT Selecta Bestama — Sin Huat Huat Marine Transportation Pte Ltd  
  
30 July 2015| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Nicholas Poon AR:

Introduction

1 The main action concerns a dispute over the payment of the contract price
under two alleged contracts for the construction of two barges (the
“Contracts”). The Defendant’s application before me, Summons No 1088 of 2015,
is for two reliefs.

2 The first is to set aside a judgment that was entered in default of entry of
appearance by the Defendant, on the ground that there are issues to be tried.
The second relief is for a stay of further court proceedings, if the default
judgment is set aside, on the ground that the parties had agreed, by virtue of
an exclusive jurisdiction agreement in the Contracts, to submit their disputes
to the court of Batam, Indonesia.

3 Having considered the parties’ affidavit evidence and submissions, I set
aside the default judgment, albeit on condition that the Defendant pays into
court $173,500, which is the sum of liquidated damages awarded to the
Plaintiff under the default judgment. I make no order in relation to the stay
application.

The salient facts

4 The Plaintiff, an Indonesian company, is in the business of building barges.
The Defendant is a Singapore company which operates barges. Its principal
director is one Mr Low.

5 Sometime in 2013, Mr Low met two representatives of the Plaintiff, one Mr
Lynn and one Ms Rina. This was the first of several meetings at Mr Low’s
office in Singapore. The purpose of these meetings was, broadly speaking, to
discuss the possibility of the Defendant engaging the Plaintiff to construct
barges. What happened thereafter is hotly disputed.

The Plaintiff’s version of events

6 According to Mr Lynn who was the only representative of the Plaintiff to
give evidence, the parties came to an in-principle oral agreement in one of
these meetings for the construction of two barges at the price of $1.33m per
barge. Subsequently, Mr Lynn drew up more than 10 different draft contracts,
signed and dated each of them 20 September 2013, and had these draft contracts
“delivered” to Mr Low for his consideration and signature. It is not clear
what the mode of delivery was. Mr Lynn claimed that Mr Low had asked for these
additional draft options because he was interested in ordering more barges.

7 The payment schedule in all the draft contracts provides that the contract
price shall be payable in three instalments: 20% upon signing of the contract;
another 20% upon laying of the keel and erection of the bottom steel plate;
and the remaining 60% upon completion of construction of the vessel and vessel
documents but before signing of the protocol of acceptance and delivery.

8 Mr Low, Mr Lynn and Ms Rina then met on 25 September 2013 at Mr Low’s
office. It was at this meeting that Mr Low apparently signalled his intention
to proceed with the in-principle agreement for the two barges by signing and
returning the two Contracts to Mr Lynn.

The Defendant’s version of events

9 The Defendant’s version, as put forward by Mr Low, is substantially
different. He claims that the first time the parties had any sort of agreement
was at the 25 September 2013 meeting. Prior to that, Mr Lynn had merely sent
him quotations for barges of different specifications and prices. Mr Low said
that he told Mr Lynn at the meeting that the Defendant was only interested in
purchasing one of the barges, but that the listed price of $1.49m for that
barge was too steep. Mr Low also claimed to have said that the payment
schedule was unattractive as the Defendant did not have sufficient funds at
that time.

10 In response, Mr Lynn purportedly offered three concessions. First, the
Plaintiff would sell the barge to the Defendant for a reduced price of $1.33m.
Second, the Defendant only needed to pay the 20% deposit upon signing of the
contract, with the balance 80% payable upon delivery. Third, if the Defendant
did not pay the deposit, the contract would cease to be binding; neither party
would be liable to perform any of the obligations in the contract. Mr Low said
he accepted Mr Lynn’s counter-proposal.

11 According to Mr Low, it was pursuant to this agreement – which he calls the
Oral Agreement – that Mr Lynn then presented him with a large number of
documents to sign. (These are the draft contracts in Mr Lynn’s version.) Mr
Low proceeded to sign a number of those documents which turned out to be the
Contracts, on the back of Mr Lynn’s alleged representation that those
documents formalised the Oral Agreement, and nothing more. It is important to
note that the Defendant has expressly disclaimed reliance on the doctrine of
_non est factum_. In other words, the Defendant is not taking the position
that there is a “radical difference” between what Mr Low signed and what he
thought he was signing (for a general understanding of the doctrine, see
Andrew Phang & Goh Yihan, _Contract Law in Singapore_ (Wolter Kluwers, 2012)
at para 458).

After the Contracts were signed

12 The Plaintiff then commenced construction of the two barges under the
Contracts, notwithstanding that the Defendant did not pay the deposit. It is
also common ground that the Plaintiff tendered invoices to the Defendant in
October and November 2013 for the 20% deposit and 20% progress payment, all of
which were ignored by the Defendant.

13 The Plaintiff accordingly commenced this action for liquidated damages, as
well as damages for consequential loss arising from the Defendant’s failure to
pay the contract price due under the Contracts.

The parties’ respective submissions

14 The arguments below are those which I consider to be principal and material
to my decision.

Setting aside of default judgment

15 In relation to the prayer to set aside the default judgment, the
Defendant’s case rests principally on two planks. First, the Defendant is not
liable for the Plaintiff’s losses because it was misled into signing the
Contracts; at all times, it was the Oral Agreement which the parties had
agreed to be bound by. Second, the Plaintiff’s claim for liquidated damages is
unsustainable because, amongst other things, the clause in the Contracts which
entitles the Plaintiff to claim for liquidated damages is unenforceable.

16 The Plaintiff, on the other hand, submits that there is no defence to the
claim, given that Mr Low has acknowledged signing the Contracts. The Plaintiff
denies that the parties’ agreement is captured in the Oral Agreement, or that
Mr Lynn had represented that the Contracts’ sole purpose was to formalise the
Oral Agreement. The Plaintiff further denies that the liquidated damages
clause is unenforceable.

Stay of proceedings

17 As to the prayer for a stay of the proceedings, the Defendant submits that
the Plaintiff is unable to satisfy the “strong cause” test in _The Jian He_
[1999] 3 SLR(R) 432, in that there are no exceptional circumstances which
justify disregarding the plain effect of the exclusive jurisdiction agreement.

18 The Plaintiff’s response consists of two arguments in the main. First, if
the Defendant denies being bound by the Contracts, it cannot avail itself of
the exclusive jurisdiction agreement contained in the Contracts. Second, the
Defendant had waived its right to rely on the exclusive jurisdiction agreement
because it had affirmed the Singapore court’s jurisdiction over this matter by
taking out a Notice to Produce under O 24 r 10 of the Rules of Court (Cap 322,
R 5, 2014 Rev Ed) (“Rules of Court”), which is essentially a request to the
Plaintiff to produce certain documents referred to in the Statement of Claim.

My decision

Setting aside of default judgment

19 The law on setting aside of default judgments pursuant to O 13 r 8 of the
Rules of Court is very clear and settled. In the leading case of _Mercurine
Pte Ltd v Canberra Development Pte Ltd_ [2008] 4 SLR(R) 907 (“ _Mercurine_ ”),
the Court of Appeal stated (at [60]):

[I]n deciding whether to set aside a regular default judgment, the question
for the court is whether the defendant can establish a  _prima facie_ defence
in the sense of showing that there are triable or arguable issues. It is, in
our view, rather illogical to hold that the test for setting aside a regular
default judgment should be any stricter than that for obtaining leave to
defend in an O 14 application.

20 As for what constitutes a “triable issue”, reference may be made to _Evans
v Bartlam_ [1937] AC 473, in which Lord Wright opined that a triable issue
exists where there are “merits to [the defence] which the Court should pay
heed”. In the context of an O 14 application, the triable issue test is
satisfied if “a defendant shows that he has a fair case for defence, or
reasonable grounds for setting up a defence, or even a fair probability that
he has a bona fide defence”: _Habibullah Mohamed Yousuff v Indian Bank_ [1999]
SLR(R) 880 at [21].

21 Hence, the threshold for demonstrating the existence of triable issues is
not high. Even so, Mr Low’s evidence in my view falls short of this minimum
standard because his version of events is inherently incredible. I list just
three of the more serious difficulties that I had with his account.

Veracity of factual assertions

22 The first has to do with his claim that he was handed the Contracts at the
very meeting on 25 September 2013. It is critical to note that the listed
price of the barges in the Contracts was $1.33m, the exact same discounted
price that Mr Low said Mr Lynn had offered for the first time at that meeting.
If Mr Low is to be believed, it would mean that Mr Lynn went into the meeting
with a view to lowering the prices for the two barges, notwithstanding that Mr
Low had not yet told him that the Defendant was short of funds and found the
previous quotations too expensive.

23 Moreover, Mr Lynn had not gone into the meeting with multiple contracts for
the _same_ barge at different prices hoping that Mr Low would sign the
contract with the price which appealed to him most. The draft contracts were
for _different_ types of barges. Again, if Mr Low is to be believed, Mr Lynn
went into the meeting with only one expectation: that the parties would shake
hands on $1.33m for the two barges that were eventually contracted for.

24 It was far more likely that Mr Lynn went into the meeting confident that a
deal would be struck, precisely because the parties had already previously
agreed on the price of $1.33m, and for which the draft contracts were drawn up
and conveyed to Mr Low ahead of the 25 September 2013 meeting. The purpose of
the meeting, therefore, was as Mr Lynn puts it in his affidavit, to collect
the signed Contracts, which he did.

25 The second problem with Mr Low’s story concerns the terms of the Oral
Agreement, in particular, the term entitling the Defendant to pay 80% of the
contract price only upon delivery of the barge. From any ordinary commercial
perspective, it would take a lot of convincing to argue that the Plaintiff
would have agreed to such an arrangement, especially after having just agreed
– on Mr Low’s case, that is – to lowering the price by $160,000. The Defendant
was neither a particularly lucrative prospective customer (it has only one
barge), nor was it a repeat customer. Moreover, the Defendant did not offer
any security or undertakings. There seemed hardly any logical, much less
strong commercial reason, for the Plaintiff to take on such disproportionate
financial risk for a client that had yet to chalk up any goodwill.

26 Last but certainly not least, I am unable to reconcile the Defendant’s
silence following its receipt of the four invoices with the position that it
now takes. The invoices clearly show that the Defendant had contracted for two
barges, not one, and that 20% of the contract price was payable upon laying of
the keel and erection of the bottom steel plate, in addition to the 20%
payable on signing of the Contracts.

27 If the parties had truly agreed for the procurement of only one barge, with
80% of the purchase price payable only upon delivery of the barge, and on
condition that the contract would disengage automatically if the Defendant did
not make the 20% deposit payment, the invoices should have set alarm bells
ringing. A reasonable party in the shoes of the Defendant would have informed
the Plaintiff that the invoices grossly misrepresent the agreement between the
parties. The response would also rehash the real agreement is, that is, the
Oral Agreement. There was nothing of that sort, at least on paper.

28 Mr Low claims he had told Mr Lynn “over the phone on a few occasions” that
the Defendant had no funds and hence the Plaintiff “should therefore not
proceed with building the barge”. Mr Lynn denies having any conversation with
Mr Low on this issue. No contemporaneous evidence of calls having been made
was tendered. Moreover, Mr Low’s evidence does not state that he had told Mr
Lynn that the invoices were wrong. Having regard to all the circumstances, Mr
Low’s explanation after the event seems way too convenient.

29 Another example of the incoherence of Mr Low’s evidence is the fact that
his purported response over the phone is limited to the invoices concerning
the 20% deposit, but not the invoices concerning the 20% progress payment for
the laying of the keel and erection of the bottom steel plate which he says
nothing about. One would have thought that if Mr Low had thought it necessary
to communicate his inability to pay the deposit, he would have had more reason
to decry any attempt by Mr Lynn to enforce the 20% progress payment despite
the terms of the Oral Agreement that the Plaintiff shall not proceed with
construction until the deposit is paid.

30 This brings me to a point of law concerning the assessment of conflicting
affidavit evidence. Courts have consistently cautioned against resolving
conflicting evidence on the basis of affidavits alone. There are good reasons
for this restrained approach one of which, in the context of interlocutory
applications such as the present, is that every party should not be deprived
of a full opportunity to ventilate its case: _Mercurine_ at [58].

31 Equally, it is established law that a mere assertion in an affidavit of a
given situation is insufficient to raise a triable issue if the court, looking
at the whole situation, is not satisfied that there is a fair or reasonable
probability of the defendant having a real or _bona fide_ defence: see
_Prosperous Credit Pte Ltd v Gen Hwa Franchise International Pte Ltd and
others_ [1998] 1 SLR(R) 53 at [14].

32 Taking a step back and looking at the evidence in the round, it seems to me
that there is no factual basis upon which the Defendant can safely put forward
a _prima facie_ defence to justify setting aside the default judgment. To
borrow the phrase used by Lord Diplock in _Eng Mee Yong and others v V
Letchumanan s/o Velayutham_ [1980] 1 AC 331 at 341 to describe the state of
the evidence in that case, Mr Low’s evidence was vague, self-contradictory and
implausible.

Argument on the liquidated damages clause

33 Although I do not find the Defendant’s factual account to be credible, its
defence in relation to the liquidated damages claim is _prima facie_ arguable.
In essence, the Defendant argues that the liquidated damages clause in the
Contracts relied upon by the Plaintiff is a penalty clause and thus
unenforceable. There are two facets to this argument: the first is that it is
a penalty clause under Singapore law; the second, which is the one that I find
is _prima facie_ arguable, is that the clause is a penalty under Indonesian
law which is expressed as the governing law of the Contracts.

(1) The liquidated damages clause under Singapore law

34 The defence based on Singapore law begins with the argument that the clause
itself uses the word “penalty”. That does not take the argument very far
because the consensus across the authorities is that the label given to the
damages payable under a liquidated damages clause is inconclusive, at best:
see _eg_ , _Dunlop Pneumatic Tyre Co, Ltd v New Garage and Motor Co, Ltd_
[1915] AC 79 at 86.

35 Next, the Defendant claims that the stipulated liquidated damages sum of
$500 per day is extravagant and unconscionable in amount in comparison with
the greatest loss that could conceivably be proved to have followed from the
breach. The Plaintiff says it is not extravagant or unconscionable because its
associated costs alone – primarily leasing of land and financing – comes up to
approximately $400 per day.

36 Apart from a bare denial, the Defendant does not contest the financing
costs. It disputes the cost of the lease, on two grounds, namely, that the
Plaintiff had been using that parcel of land even before the Contracts were
entered into, and that the land may not have been used exclusively for the
construction of the two barges.

37 As to the first ground, I do not see how the fact that the Plaintiff has
been operating out of the same location shows that the cost of the lease
should not be attributed to the projects under the Contracts. As to the
latter, it should be noted that the size of the land is 10,000m2, or a
hectare.

38 For illustrative purposes, a sports field bounded by a standard athletics
track is typically just over a hectare. 10,000m2 is therefore not a very big
area. Even if the Plaintiff had other projects using the same parcel of land
at the same time, the construction of the two barges would have occupied a
substantial portion of the land. Even if some discount is to be applied, the
Defendant is still a very long way from showing that $500 per day is so
excessive by reference to the greatest conceivable actual loss that it is
extravagant and unconscionable.

39 In this connection, reference could be made to _Philips Hong Kong Limited v
The Attorney General of Hong Kong_ (1993) 61 BLR 41 (“ _Philips_ ”) where Lord
Woolf stated (at 58–59 and 63):

Except possibly in the case of situations where one of the parties to the
contract is able to dominate the other as to the choice of the terms of a
contract, it will normally be insufficient to establish that a provision is
objectionably penal to identify situations where the application of the
provision could result in a larger sum being recovered by the injured party
than his actual loss. … _[A]rguments based on hypothetical situations where it
is said that the loss might be less than the sum specified as payable as
liquidated damages … should not be allowed to divert attention from the
correct test as to what is a penalty provision — namely is it a genuine pre-
estimate of what the loss is likely to be? — to the different question,
namely, are there possible circumstances where a lesser loss would be
suffered?_ [emphasis added]

_Philips_ was cited with approval by the Singapore Court of Appeal in _Hong
Leong Finance Ltd v Tan Gin Huay and another_ [1999] 1 SLR(R) 755 at [23].

(2) The liquidated damages clause under Indonesian law

40 The defence based on Indonesian law, however, is more difficult to
determine at this preliminary stage of proceedings. According to the
Defendant’s expert on Indonesian law, pursuant to State Gazette No 22 of 1848,
the Defendant is liable to pay a maximum of 6% of the value of the barges per
annum, which works out to less than $500 per day. It bears mentioning that the
State Gazette appears to be concerned with the statutory interest rate that
may be levied, not dissimilar to provisions in the Rules of Court which confer
on the Chief Justice the power to determine the rate of interest that should
be levied in respect of various matters.

41 Another material claim of the Defendant’s expert is that the inconsistency
between the numbering and wording of the liquidated damages clause – which
prescribes the sum payable as “$500.00 (Singapore Dollars Five Thousand only”
– will be resolved under Indonesian law in favour of the amount that is spelt
out in words, not numbers, which is to say that the liquidated damages should
be $5,000 per day instead of $500. That being the case, even if the clause is
not a penalty, the sum payable by the Defendant would be larger and
consequently more of a penalty.

42 While I have some reservations over the merits of the Defendant’s arguments
premised on Indonesian law, because the Plaintiff has elected not to canvass
any expert opinion to the contrary, I do not have any legal basis to disregard
the Defendant’s expert’s opinion. It is for this narrow reason that I hold
that this part of the Defendant’s defence qualifies as a _prima facie_
defence.

43 Nevertheless, in view of my assessment that the Defendant’s factual
assertions are inherently incredible, coupled with my doubts over the
Defendant’s defence to the liquidated damages claim under Singapore law, I
consider it fair and just to require the Defendant to put up security in the
amount of $173,500 as a condition for progressing its defence. There is no
question that O 13 r 8 of the Rules of Court permits the court to require
payment of security as a condition for the setting aside of a default
judgment: see _eg_ , _Alps Electric Co Ltd v Jinli Freight Express
Consolidators Pte Ltd_ [1994] 3 SLR(R) 532 and _TR Networks Ltd and Others v
Elixir Health Holdings Pte and Others_ [2005] SGHC 106.

Stay of proceedings

44 Turning then to the application for a stay of proceedings, I do not agree
with the Plaintiff’s first submission that the Defendant may not avail itself
of the exclusive jurisdiction agreement in the Contracts because of its
defence that it is the Oral Agreement that is binding on the parties.

45 Although there is some ambiguity as to the exact nature of its defence, the
Defendant has made it very clear that it is not disclaiming signing the
Contracts. Nor is it saying it did not know what it signed. That is sufficient
for me to hold that the Defendant accepts at least most of the terms of the
Contracts even if it denies being bound by the terms relating to the payment
schedule. That must be so, even on the Defendant’s case that the Oral
Agreement covered only one barge, because the Oral Agreement does not contain
important terms, for example, those relating to delivery or technical
specifications. Those terms would have to be drawn from the Contracts.

46 I am likewise unable to agree with the Plaintiff’s other submission that
the Notice to Produce taken out by the Defendant constitutes a waiver of any
objection to the Singapore court’s exercise of jurisdiction. I respectfully
follow the reasoning and conclusion of Lee Seiu Kin J in _Amoe Pte Ltd v Otto
Marine Ltd_ [2014] 1 SLR 724, that where a Notice to Produce documents
referenced in the pleadings is taken out to ascertain or genuinely investigate
the nature of the plaintiff’s claim, that act alone will not amount to taking
a step in proceedings to the exclusion of later objecting to the Singapore
court’s exercise of jurisdiction. I am satisfied that the Defendant took out
the Notice to Produce primarily because Mr Low could not recall signing or
having copies of the Contracts. Hence, the Defendant is not now precluded from
objecting to the Singapore court’s exercise of jurisdiction.

47 Accordingly, it is necessary to determine if the exclusive jurisdiction
agreement justifies staying any further court proceedings. While I agree with
the Defendant’s submission that the Plaintiff has not satisfied the “strong
cause” test, the real question, in my view, is whether the exclusive
jurisdiction agreement is even engaged at this point in time.

48 The following analysis assumes Singapore law applies, notwithstanding that
Indonesian law is the governing law of the Contracts. This is because neither
side has provided evidence of Indonesian contract law on this issue. On the
contrary, the Defendant refers extensively to Singapore case law in its
submissions. I therefore see no prejudice in determining this issue from the
lens of Singapore law.

49 It is necessary to return to the words of the exclusive jurisdiction
agreement which is a subset of a broader dispute resolution clause that reads:

Save for the matters set out in [the following] paragraph [concerning disputes
over the quality of materials or workmanship], _all disputes arising in
connection with this contract including but not limited to the validity, the
interpretation or the execution of this contract_** _shall be settled amicably
by negotiation_**. **_In case_** _no settlement can be reached the parties
hereto agree to submit_ all such disputes to the Governing Jurisdiction of the
Courts Batam in Batam (_sic_). [emphasis added in italics and bold italics]

50 Ostensibly, there are two parts to the clause: the first calls for an
attempt to settle amicably through negotiation; the second calls for
resolution by the Batam court. The critical link between the first and second
parts of this multi-tiered dispute resolution clause is to be found in the
words “[i]n case no settlement can be reached” from which two conclusions may
be drawn.

51 First, the parties are under an obligation to attempt negotiation as their
initial mode of dispute resolution. The pursuit of any other mode prior to
attempting negotiation amounts to a breach of the dispute resolution clause.
There is no evidence, by either party, that negotiation was attempted and
failed.

52 Second and more importantly, the natural implication of the operative
phrase is that the parties’ promise to submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of
the Batam court is subject to the existence of an agreed state of affairs,
that is, a failed attempt at negotiations. Thus, the proper construction of
this dispute resolution clause is that the promise to submit any dispute under
the Contracts to the Batam court is conditional on negotiations having taken
place and failed.

53 Such a clause seems to me to be no different, in principle at least, from
ordinary multi-tiered dispute resolution clauses that contain a precondition
to the commencement of arbitration. In relation to such clauses, courts have
consistently held that an arbitral tribunal has no jurisdiction if the
precondition is not satisfied, provided of course that the precondition is
itself an enforceable obligation: see _eg_ , _International Research Corp PLC
v Lufthansa Systems Asia Pacific Pte Ltd_ [2014] 1 SLR 130 at [54].

54 Indeed, both parties in their further written submissions on this point
agreed that the obligation to negotiate was a precondition to the exclusive
jurisdiction agreement. The Defendant however does not elaborate on the
consequences of the breach of the obligation to negotiate. I am therefore
unable to accept its assertion that the jurisdiction of the Singapore court
was “prematurely and in any event wrongly invoked” by the Plaintiff.

55 There being no argument that the obligation to negotiate is unenforceable
or no longer binding, and given that negotiations have not been attempted, it
follows that the parties’ promise to submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of
the Batam court is not yet enforceable. Consequently, it is premature to
consider the application of the “strong cause” test.

56 It may be wondered whether the Plaintiff’s commencement of court
proceedings in Singapore, arguably in breach of the obligation to negotiate,
entitles the Defendant to enforce the exclusive jurisdiction agreement. As
that has not been argued by the Defendant, it is a point that I need not
decide, save that it seems to me that on the application of the usual contract
law principles, the right to enforce the promise to submit the dispute to the
exclusive jurisdiction of the Batam court does not necessarily arise just
because the Plaintiff’s commencement of these proceedings constitutes a breach
of the precondition.

57 That is not to say that the Defendant may never rely on the exclusive
jurisdiction agreement. The Defendant is at liberty to attempt to commence
negotiations forthwith. If negotiations fail, whether because the parties
cannot agree on terms or because the Plaintiff insists on pursuing its
litigation in the Singapore court, the Defendant may then at that stage argue
that the obligation to submit the dispute to the Batam court is engaged, with
the corollary that the Singapore court should stay its proceedings in the
absence of exceptional circumstances.

Conclusion

58 For the above reasons, the default judgment is set aside upon the Defendant
putting up security in the amount of $173,500. The Defendant has 21 days from
the date of this judgment to satisfy the condition, and a further 7 days to
enter an appearance after the judgment is set aside. I shall hear the parties
on the mode of security as well as on costs.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 30 Jul 2015 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

