Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Citiwall Safety Glass Pte Ltd _v_ Mansource Interior Pte Ltd  
[2015] SGCA 42

Case Number| :| Civil Appeal No 39 of 2014  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 20 August 2015  
Tribunal/Court| :| Court of Appeal  
Coram| :|  Sundaresh Menon CJ; Chao Hick Tin JA; Steven Chong J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  A Rajandran (A Rajandran) for the appellant; Lee Peng
Khoon Edwin, Poonaam Bai, Vani Nair and Tay Kuan Seng Charles (Eldan Law LLP)
for the respondent.  
Parties| :|  Citiwall Safety Glass Pte Ltd — Mansource Interior Pte Ltd  
  
[LawNet Editorial Note: The decision from which this appeal arose is reported
at [2014] 3 SLR 264.]

20 August 2015|  
---|---  
  
Chao Hick Tin JA:

1 This appeal was against the Judge’s decision in _Mansource Interior Pte Ltd
v Citiwall Safety Glass Pte Ltd_ [2014] 3 SLR 264 (“the Judgment”). The
Appellant, Citiwall Safety Glass Pte Ltd, asked that we set aside the Judge’s
decision below and uphold an Adjudication Determination which was made by the
Adjudicator in disregard of the Adjudication Response of the Respondent,
Mansource Interior Pte Ltd, because the Response was filed two minutes out of
time. We allowed the appeal, and these grounds are issued to explain why we
disagreed with the Judge.

2 Subsequent to our decision allowing the appeal, the Respondent requested for
further arguments with the view to persuading us to review our decision. We
declined to do so. In these grounds, we will also address the points which the
Respondent had raised in its request for further arguments.

Facts

Background to the dispute

3 On 21 December 2012, the Respondent awarded the Appellant a subcontract
(“the Subcontract”) for certain construction works with a value of $1,252,750.
Progress payments were to be made by the Respondent according to a schedule of
payment under the Subcontract (the Judgment at [2]).

4 On 5 August 2013, the Appellant served on the Respondent a Payment Claim
under s 10(1)(_a_) of the Building and Construction Industry Security of
Payment Act (Cap 30B, 2006 Rev Ed) (“SOPA”). This claim was for $322,536.65.
On 21 August 2013, the Respondent provided the Appellant with a Payment
Response under s 11(1)(_a_) of the SOPA, and the response amount provided was
only $93,732.10. This was $228,804.55 (“the Disputed Sum”) less than that
claimed by the Appellant (the Judgment at [3]).

The adjudication

5 The Appellant decided to seek adjudication under the SOPA in respect of the
Disputed Sum. On 28 August 2013, the Appellant lodged an Adjudication
Application with the Singapore Mediation Centre (“SMC”) under s 13(1) of the
SOPA. The Adjudication Application was served on the Respondent the following
day, 29 August 2013, at 5.25pm as per s 13(4)(_a_) of the SOPA (the Judgment
at [5]). The Respondent was then required to lodge its Adjudication Response
with the SMC within seven days after it received the Adjudication Application
from the SMC, which was by 5 September 2013 at 4.30pm according to the SMC
Adjudication Procedure Rules (1 December 2012) (“the SMC Rules”). It lodged
its Adjudication Response with the SMC on 5 September 2013 at 4.32pm, two
minutes after the official closing hours of the SMC. The late lodgement of the
Adjudication Response was the critical issue of the appeal, as r 2.2 of the
SMC Rules states that the “opening hours” of the SMC are from 9.00am to 4.30pm
on weekdays and any document lodged after 4.30pm shall be treated as being
lodged the next working day (the Judgment at [5]).

6 The Adjudicator took the view that by virtue of r 2.2 of the SMC Rules, the
Respondent only filed its Adjudication Response on 6 September 2013. It was
therefore out of time. As such, he rejected the Adjudication Response pursuant
to s 16(2)(_b_) of the SOPA and only considered the Appellant’s written
submissions attached to its Adjudication Application. He allowed the
Appellant’s claim for nearly the whole Disputed Sum, and ordered the
Respondent to pay $233,956.50 as well as the Appellant’s costs of the
Adjudication Determination (the Judgment at [7]). The Respondent thus took out
an application to set aside the Adjudication Determination but failed before
the Assistant Registrar (“AR”). It then appealed to the Judge, who allowed the
Respondent’s appeal. The Appellant appealed against the Judge’s decision to
this court.

Decision Below

7 The Judge allowed the Respondent’s appeal for the following reasons:

(a) Section 15(1) of the SOPA states that a respondent to an adjudication
claim “shall, within 7 days after receipt of a copy of an adjudication
application under s 13(4)(_a_), lodge with the authorised nominating body
[_ie_ , the SMC] a response to the adjudication application.” However, as
there was no provision under the SOPA to explain how time was computed, s
50(a) of the Interpretation Act (Cap 1, 2002 Rev Ed) (“Interpretation Act”)
provides guidance and it states that “a period of days from the happening of
an event or the doing of any act or thing shall be deemed to be exclusive of
the day on which the event happens or the act or thing is done”. Since the
Respondent received the Appellant’s adjudication application at 5.25pm on 29
August 2013, s 50(_a_) of the Interpretation Act meant that the seven days
should only start running from 30 August 2013 (the Judgment at [14]).

(b) Section 2 of the SOPA defined day as “any day other than a public holiday
within the meaning of the Holidays Act (Cap 126)”. In _Black’s Law Dictionary_
(Bryan A Garner ed) (West Group, 9th Ed, 2009) at p 453, “day” is defined as
any period of 24 hours beginning with one midnight and ending with the next.
Therefore a seven-day period starting from 30 August 2013 ended on 5 September
2013 and the last day for the lodgement of the Adjudication Response would be
before midnight of 5 and 6 September 2013; as long as the Respondent lodged
its Adjudication Response on or before 11.59pm of 5 September 2013, it was
lodged within time (the Judgment at [15]).

(c) The enactment of r 2.2 of the SMC Rules was _ultra vires_ the powers of
the SMC under the SOPA. The SMC’s main role was to administer the adjudication
process and merely serve as a conduit for the service of documents between the
claimant, the respondent and the adjudicator. The SMC Rules should only be
facilitative and should not affect the parties’ substantial rights. Therefore,
it was wrong for the SMC Rules to deem that the Respondent’s Adjudication
Response was lodged out of time on the following day (the Judgment at
[22]–[24]).

(d) Section 16(3)(_c_) of the SOPA required that an adjudicator “comply with
the principles of natural justice” and if he failed to comply with those
principles, the Adjudication Determination could be set aside (the Judgment at
[26]). The Respondent had chosen to exercise its opportunity to be heard by
lodging the Adjudication Response within time but the Adjudicator had relied
on r 2.2 of the SMC Rules to reject its Adjudication Response. That was wrong
and hence the Adjudication Determination was set aside on the ground that a
rule of natural justice had been breached (the Judgment at [29]).

8 The Judge also dealt with the Respondent’s two other submissions relating to
fraud and the Adjudicator’s failure to consider the material before him. For
the purposes of this appeal, they were irrelevant.

The appeal

9 Four issues were raised in the appeal and they are being dealt with
_seriatim_ in the paragraphs that follow. As a preliminary point, the
Appellant pointed out that the Judge at [16] of the Judgment had referred to
the previous version of r 2.2 of the SMC Rules in his decision. The current r
2.2 (which was in effect when the adjudication was commenced) reads:

All documents to be lodged with SMC shall be lodged during the opening hours
of **9am to 4.30pm from Monday to Friday (except public holidays) and 9am to
12.00noon on the eves of Christmas, New Year and Chinese New Year**. Documents
which are submitted after opening hours shall be treated as being lodged the
next working day. [emphasis in original]

Issue 1: Is r 2.2 of the SMC Rules _ultra vires_ s 15(1) of the SOPA?

10 First, the Appellant submitted that r 2.2 of the SMC Rules is not _ultra
vires_ s 15(1) of the SOPA. In its view, the SMC was appointed to administer
the SOPA and the SMC Rules supplemented the Act for administration matters. It
submitted that the Judge had paid undue attention to the technical definition
of the word “day” without regard to practical reality; the SOPA was silent on
procedure and left it to the SMC to set the procedural rules for the proper
administration of the SOPA. By rejecting the Adjudication Response lodged, the
Adjudicator was only abiding by s 16(2)(_b_) of the SOPA. The Respondent had
to bear the consequences of its actions for filing the Adjudication Response
late.

11 In response, the Respondent submitted that while s 28(4)(_e_) of the SOPA
empowers the SMC to establish rules to facilitate SOPA adjudications, s
19(_c_) of the Interpretation Act states that no subsidiary legislation made
under an Act shall be inconsistent with the provisions of the Act. Thus when
the SMC makes a rule which is inconsistent with the SOPA, the rule has to be
read subject to the SOPA. In its view, r 2.2 of the SMC Rules is inconsistent
with s 15(1) of the SOPA as it changes the SOPA’s position on deadlines for
the lodgement of Adjudication Responses.

12 We agreed with the Appellant that r 2.2 is perfectly consistent with s
15(1) of the SOPA. Section 15(1) of the SOPA states that the respondent should
file its Adjudication Response within seven days after receipt of the
Adjudication Application and the issue in this appeal was whether the SMC had
the power to make rules that restricted the lodgement of documents on a
particular day to 4.30pm, which was its official closing time. Section
28(4)(_e_) of the SOPA reads as follows:

(4) An authorised nominating body shall, in relation to its authorisation
under subsection (1) —

…

(e) _facilitate the conduct of adjudications under this Act, including the
establishing of rules therefor not inconsistent with this Act or any other
written law_ , and provide general administrative support therefor; and

…

[emphasis added]

13 The SMC’s power under s 28 to make rules must be read together with s 37 of
the SOPA, which states:

**Service of documents**

**37\. —(1**) Where this Act authorises or requires a document to be served on
a person, whether the expression “serve”, “lodge”, “provide” or “submit” or
any other expression is used, the document may be served on the person —

(a) by delivering it to the person personally;

(b) _by leaving it during normal business hours at the usual place of business
of the person_ ; or

(c) by sending it by post or facsimile transmission to the usual or last known
place of business of the person.

…

(2) Service of a document that is sent to the usual or last known place of
business of a person under subsection (1)(c) shall be deemed to have been
effected when the document is received at that place.

(3) The provisions of this section are in addition to, and do not limit or
exclude, the provisions of any other law with respect to the service of
documents.

[emphasis added]

14 Since the SOPA states explicitly that documents may be lodged by leaving it
during normal business hours at the _usual place of business of the person_ ,
a harmonious reading of ss 15(1) and 37(1)(_b_) would clearly indicate that
there is nothing wrong in the SMC prescribing by its rules (_ie_ r 2.2 of the
SMC Rules) what are its business hours. Section 37(1)(_b_) does not envisage
that the SMC should remain open until 11.59pm, as the Judge seemed to have
thought, in order to enable a party who has business with the SMC to lodge the
relevant documents. Pursuant to s 37(1)(_b_) and s 28(4)(_e_), SMC has by r
2.2 prescribed a clear and sensible arrangement as to how it would discharge
its functions under the SOPA. With respect, we think it is wrong to fault the
SMC for fixing the closure of its office hours for the business under SOPA
earlier than 11.59pm. In our opinion, r 2.2 is wholly consistent with s
37(1)(_b_) and is therefore not _ultra vires_.

15 Mr Edwin Lee, counsel for the Respondent, tried to persuade us that s
37(1)(_b_) was not the only provision that we should be concerned with, and
that s 37(1)(_a_) states that the lodgement of a document could be effected by
delivering it to the person _personally_. In his view, s 37(1)(_a_) uses the
word “person” which ordinarily refers to both natural persons and
corporations, and s 48A(1)(_a_) of the Interpretation Act shows that where the
legislature intended to refer only to natural persons, the word “individual”
would have been used instead. On that basis, he submitted that since the SMC
is a body corporate, s 387 of the Companies Act (Cap 50, 2006 Rev Ed) applies
such that lodgement can be effected by leaving a document at or sending it by
registered post to SMC’s registered office. Thus, in his view, the situation
here would fall within s 37(1)(_a_) of the SOPA and pass muster. He also
buttressed his argument with s 37(3), which he submitted makes s 37(1)(_a_)
_additional to_ other legal provisions on document service. We were unable to
accept this argument for three reasons.

16 First, we disagreed that a corporation will fall within the scope of s
37(1)(_a_). According to Oliver Jones, _Bennion on Statutory Interpretation_
(LexisNexis, 6th Ed, 2013) (“ _Bennion on Statutory Interpretation_ ”) at p
508, it is a rule of statutory interpretation that where a statutory provision
is grammatically capable of one meaning only, and on an informed
interpretation, no real doubt as to what is meant has been raised by the
interpretative criteria, the legal meaning corresponds to the grammatical
meaning of the provision, and is to be applied accordingly. A term can also
have different meanings under the same Act and while the term “person”
typically applies to both natural persons and corporate bodies, it can mean
otherwise where the context expressly or impliedly requires so (_Bennion on
Statutory Interpretation_ at p 531). _Craies on Legislation_ (Daniel Greenberg
gen ed) (Sweet & Maxwell, 10th Ed, 2012) at para 20.1.20 states:

An obvious but important rule for approaching the construction of a piece of
legislation is to look at the provision concerned in the context of the
legislation as a whole. This is a rule of ancient origin, and one which owes
its authority to common sense.

In our judgment, a reading of s 37 of the SOPA shows that s 37(1)(_a_) can
only refer to natural persons. This is because of the word “personally” which
follows the word “person”. That word unequivocally suggests that the
legislature had in mind an individual as only an individual can be served
personally. Mr Lee seemed to have overlooked that critical word.

17 Secondly, we were unable to see how s 48A of the Interpretation Act assists
the Respondent’s case. For convenience, s 48A(1) is set out:

**48A.—(1**) Where a written law authorises or requires a document to be
served on a person, whether the expression “serve”, “give” or “send” or any
other expression is used, then, unless the contrary intention appears, the
document may be served —

(a) in the case of an individual —

(i) by delivering it to the individual personally; or

(ii) by leaving it at, or by sending it by pre-paid post to, the usual or last
known address of the place of residence or business of the individual;

(b) in the case of a partnership —

(i) by delivering it to the secretary or other like officer of the
partnership; or

(ii) by leaving it at, or by sending it by pre-paid post to, the principal or
last known place of business of the partnership in Singapore;

(c) in the case of a body corporate —

(i) by delivering it to the secretary or other like officer of the body
corporate; or

(ii) by leaving it at, or by sending it by pre-paid post to, the registered
office or a principal office of the body corporate in Singapore.

18 Section 48A(1) begins with a generic reference to “person” before moving on
to specify how service is to be effected in relation to different types of
entities that can fall within the definition of a “person” in the legal sense.
While we accept that in this provision the word “person” encompasses a
corporation, it does not follow that that sense necessarily applies in a
different statutory provision – the context is critical as to how it should be
interpreted. It is pertinent to note that the provision has, in relation to a
partnership or body corporate, expressly provided that service may be effected
by delivering the document to “the secretary…” or leaving the document at the
“principal or last known place of business of the partnership” or “the
registered office …of the body corporate”. There is no question of a
partnership or body corporate being served “personally”.

19 Thirdly, for the sake of argument, even if the Respondent’s interpretation
of s 37(1)(_a_) was adopted, _ie_ , that it applies to a body corporate, the
Respondent must still lodge the Adjudication Response on the SMC in accordance
with the rules prescribed by the SMC. We have at [14] above explained why r
2.2 prescribed by the SMC is not _ultra vires_ the SOPA. Therefore, the
Respondent must observe what is set out in that rule. Since the Respondent had
lodged the document late, the consequence as provided in the rule would
follow.

20 Mr Lee also relied on _Thomas & Betts (SE Asia) Pte Ltd v Ou Tin Joon and
another_ [1998] 1 SLR(R) 380 (“ _Thomas_ ”) and _Augustine Zacharia Norman and
another v Goh Siam Yong_ [1992] 1 SLR(R) 746 (“ _Augustine_ ”) to contend that
empowering provisions are to be construed strictly where the empowered
authorities enact rules inconsistent with primary legislation. We did not
agree with his use of those two authorities. _Thomas_ concerned the
calculation of the seven-day period during which further arguments could be
applied for, and whether O 3 r 2 of the version of the Rules of Court then in
force or s 50 of the Interpretation Act (Cap 1, 1997 Rev Ed) (“the Old
Interpretation Act”) governed the issue of reckoning the point in time at
which the seven day period should be calculated from. It was held that since s
34(1)(_c_) of the Supreme Court of Judicature Act (Cap 322, 1985 Rev Ed) (“the
Old SCJA”) was the primary provision which specified the period within which
further arguments could be applied for, s 50 of the Old Interpretation Act
applied to determine how the seven day period ought to be reckoned and not O 3
r 2. In contrast, in the present case, there was no issue as to how the
timeline for lodgement of the Adjudication Response was to be calculated.

21 In _Augustine_ , the issue was whether O 55 r 1(5) of the Subordinate Court
Rules 1986 (GN No S 59/1986) (“the Old Subordinate Court Rules”) was _ultra
vires_ the Old SCJA as it took away the plaintiff’s right of appeal to the
High Court. The Court of Appeal held that the issue of the High Court’s
jurisdiction was beyond the scope of the Subordinate Courts Act (Cap 321, 1985
Rev Ed) and thus beyond the Old Subordinate Court Rules (at [9]). The present
case was different. There was no issue of the SMC Rules reducing the number of
days for which service of a document ought to be effected. The only issue was
whether the SMC had the authority to circumscribe the hours during which
lodgement of a document can be made on a particular day. To that extent, it
was different from the facts in _Thomas_ and _Augustine_ and we were
unpersuaded by the two cases raised by the Respondent.

22 In summary, we agreed with the Appellant on the first issue. This sufficed
for us to allow the appeal. However, as the Respondent had also raised several
other arguments before us, we will now briefly address them.

Issue 2: Do practical difficulties relating to the lodgement of documents
matter?

23 Secondly, Mr Lee gave us several examples of difficulties in relation to
lodging documents under the SMC Rules to show how r 2.2 is _ultra vires_ the
SOPA. We mention one: where the Adjudication Application is served on a party
on a Friday, and the following Friday is a public holiday, the date on which
the Adjudication Response must be lodged falls on a Saturday. Since the SMC is
closed on a Saturday, it would be impossible for documents to be lodged. He
submits that as a result of such practical difficulties, r 2.2 is _ultra
vires_ the SOPA.

24 In our judgment, the argument cannot stand. Since the SMC has the power to
make rules limiting the lodgement of documents to its official opening hours,
we also held that the Respondent could not contend that r 2.2 is _ultra vires_
because of practical difficulties relating to the opening or closing hours of
the SMC. The validity of a rule does not hinge on practical difficulties, but
on whether the SMC _had_ the power to make those rules. In our view, it has
the power to prescribe its opening hours. In any event, the problem raised by
Mr Lee and which we have highlighted in the last paragraph will be there
whatever may be the prescribed operating hours of SMC. It has all to do with
the SMC not being open for business on a Saturday. All that we wish to say is
that the problem does not seem to be insurmountable. Perhaps we should be
guided by the spirit behind s 50(c) of the Interpretation Act.

Issue 3: Does r 2.2 take away the Adjudicator’s power to decide the matter?

25 Thirdly, Mr Lee submitted that s 16(2) of the SOPA requires an adjudicator
to decide whether an Adjudication Response had been lodged on time and r 2.2
(assuming it is not _ultra vires_) curtails the exercise of the function
conferred on the adjudicator in that regard. He relied on the following
passage from _Lines International Holding (S) Pte Ltd v Singapore Tourist
Promotion Board and another_ [1997] 1 SLR(R) 52 (“ _Lines International_ ”) at
[99]–[100] in support of his position:

99 The plaintiffs are correct in their submission that PSA as the authority
entrusted with the control over berths and, accordingly, the discretion as to
how such berths are to be allocated, has also the duty to exercise that
discretion itself after considering various relevant factors. It cannot
abrogate this responsibility by taking orders from other statutory boards
unless it is under a legal duty to do so. PSA did not contend that it was
under any legal duty to obey orders from either GSB or STPB in regard to the
allocation or denial of berths in the cruise centre. I must therefore agree
with the plaintiffs' submission that in so far as condition (iv) appears to be
a direction by PSA to itself to take orders from either GSB or STPB to deny
berths to cruise vessels it is a fetter on the proper exercise by PSA of its
discretion and is therefore invalid.

100 I do not agree, however, that condition (iv) in itself invalidates all the
guidelines as they are capable of being implemented without reference at all
to condition (iv). Whilst theoretically PSA has agreed to take orders from GSB
and STPB, whether it in fact does so is another matter. If PSA's decision to
deny _Nautican_ a berth was made on the basis of condition (iv), ie that it
had been ordered by STPB and GSB to do so, then that decision would be invalid
as PSA had not exercised its discretion in coming to the decision. If,
however, the decision was PSA's alone, then condition (iv) would be irrelevant
and would not operate to invalidate it. This brings me to the next issue which
relates to the manner in which _Nautican_ was denied a berth.

26 In our judgment, the above passage was irrelevant. _Lines International_
dealt with the issue of whether the Port of Singapore Authority (“PSA”), which
had the duty of promoting the use, improvement and development of the
Singapore port (at [80]), had fettered its own discretion when it refused to
allow a ship chartered by the plaintiff to berth. The issue arose as the
plaintiff refused to comply with guidelines laid down by an _ad hoc_ committee
consisting of, _inter alia_ , the Singapore Tourist Promotion Board (“STPB”)
and the Gambling Suppression Branch. Judith Prakash J held that PSA had not
failed to make its own determination, as the decision to refuse to allow the
ship to berth was a decision made by PSA itself and it had merely asked the
STPB for its concurrence. STPB was not the deciding body (at [118]). Here, if
r 2.2 is valid, the Adjudicator will then have to consider it and make a
decision based on his understanding of the legal effect of the SMC Rules and
deal with the situation in accordance with r 2.2. Nowhere was there any
suggestion that the Adjudicator blindly followed r 2.2 in rejecting the
Adjudication Response; instead it appeared that the Adjudicator gave effect to
r 2.2 only because he had considered the legal effect of the SMC Rules and was
of the view that it was a valid rule enacted by the SMC pursuant to the SOPA
and he was obliged under s 16(2)(_b_) of the SOPA to reject it. The relevant
paragraphs of the Adjudication Determination are as follows:

17\. The Respondent’s adjudication response had been lodged on 5 September
2013 at 4.32 pm. However, the Instructions in the Adjudication Response (Form
AR-1) paragraph 4 clearly states in bold **“Documents which are submitted
after the opening hours shall be treated as being lodged the next working
day”.** Hence, the adjudication response which was submitted after 4.30 pm was
considered lodged on the next working day, i.e. 6 September 2013.

18\. Since the adjudication response was lodged on 6 September 2013, after the
due date of 5 September 2013, I reject the adjudication response in accordance
to Section 16 (2) (b) of the Act, “an adjudicator shall reject any
adjudication response that is not lodged within the period referred to in
Section 15 (1)”, which had expired on 5 September 2013.

[emphasis in original]

Issue 4: Is the lodgement of the Adjudication Response two minutes late _de
minimis_?

27 Finally, Mr Lee submitted that the lodgement of the Adjudication Response
two minutes late was _de minimis_. He cited _Peake v Automotive Products Ltd_
[1977] 3 WLR 853 in support. Therefore, it is necessary to briefly examine the
facts in order to understand what was in issue in the case. There, a factory
had a rule where work stopped at 4.25pm, but female workers were allowed to
leave at 4.25pm while the male workers were only allowed to leave at 4.30pm.
This was in the interest of safety and good administration so that women could
avoid being caught in the rush for the gates at 4.30pm. Goff LJ (as he then
was) held (at 858) that besides not being discriminatory, the case was one to
which the _de minimis_ rule applied.

28 Mr Lee sought to persuade us that as the filing of the Adjudication
Response was only late by two minutes, the _de minimis_ rule should apply here
as well. We did not agree with Mr Lee’s position. The scheme of the SOPA is to
provide for speedy and temporary relief so as to minimise cash flow problems
within the construction industry, leaving the parties’ substantive rights to
be determined on another occasion. In _SEF Construction Pte Ltd v Skoy
Connected Pte Ltd_ [2010] 1 SLR 733, Judith Prakash J held (at [41]):

41 In my judgment, bearing in mind the purpose of the legislation, the court’s
role when asked to set aside an adjudication determination or a judgment
arising from the same, cannot be to look into the parties’ arguments before
the adjudicator and determine whether the adjudicator arrived at the correct
decision. In this connection, I emphasise the intention that the procedure be
_speedy and economical_. It would be recalled that one of the adjudicator’s
duties is to avoid incurring unnecessary expense. _If the court were to be
allowed to look into questions of substance or quantum including questions
like whether a proper payment claim had been served by the claimant, the
procedure is likely to be expensive and prolonged. One can very easily
envisage a situation (in fact such situations have already occurred) where the
dissatisfied respondent first applies to the court for the adjudication
determination to be set aside on the ground that, for example, the
adjudication response should not have been rejected, and then when that
application is rejected by the assistant registrar, appeals to the judge in
chambers and finally when the appeal is unsuccessful, appeals again to the
Court of Appeal._ Bearing in mind that the adjudication process could have
been a two-step process involving a review, that would mean five steps in all
before the dispute regarding the claimant’s payment claim is finally disposed
of. The more steps there are, the longer the process will take and the more
expensive it will be. _Such an outcome would be contrary to the intention of
Parliament that the adjudication procedure should afford speedy_ interim
_relief._ [emphasis added]

29 It is in this light that timelines under the SOPA have to be strictly
complied with. As held by the Court of Appeal in _W Y Steel Construction Pte
Ltd v Osko Pte Ltd_ [2013] 3 SLR 380 (at [42]):

… Where the Act itself states that certain material is not to be considered in
certain circumstances, this must, as a matter of logic, have the effect of
qualifying some other provision that imposes a general requirement that the
principles of natural justice must be applied. In this context, there is no
reason to construe s 16(3)(c) as foreclosing an adjudicator’s power (indeed,
his obligation) to act exactly as the Act contemplates in s 15(3). We should
not strain the natural construction of the Act to accommodate cases such as
the present, where a respondent has failed through his own lack of diligence
to file a payment response. _Everyone in the building and construction
industry must be aware, or at least taken to be aware, of the rigorous
application of the timelines in the Act, and if they ignore them, they do so
at their own peril._ [emphasis added]

30 While the way we had applied r 2.2 might seem harsh in light of the fact
that the Respondent’s filing of the Adjudication Response was merely two
minutes late, we were of the view that having regard to the principle of
_temporary finality_ undergirding the SOPA, the strict application of the rule
did not seem that draconian. Proceedings under the SOPA are meant to proceed
at a good pace, and sums due under adjudication determinations are to be
honoured and paid promptly. That was the whole object of the scheme. There
might be a case for applying the _de minimis_ rule if the substantive rights
of the parties had been impinged, but here clearly the parties will have
another chance to obtain redress by filing a substantive suit on the merits or
have the matter submitted to arbitration. Accordingly, we held that there was
no place for the _de minimis_ rule to apply in this case.

Conclusion

31 For the above reasons, we allowed the appeal. The costs of the appeal
including the costs of Summons No 1563 of 2014 (which was the Respondent’s
unsuccessful application to strike out the Appellant’s appeal to this court)
and the costs of the proceedings below were fixed at $35,000 all in, inclusive
of disbursements. The usual consequential order for payment out of the
security followed.

Postscript: Should interest on the judgment sum be paid between 17 February
2014 and 6 May 2015?

32 Post-appeal, the parties disputed whether interest was to be paid on the
judgment debt for the period between 17 February 2014 and 6 May 2015 (“the
Disputed Interest”). The period between 17 February 2014 and 6 May 2015 will
be referred to as the “Relevant Period”, being the period during which the
Judgment was not yet overturned. We held that there was no reason for the
Respondent to dispute the payment of the Disputed Interest and our reasons
follow.

33 First, on the authority of _Nitrate Producers Steamship Co Ltd v Short Bros
Ltd_ [1922] All ER 710, where a first instance judgment is reversed by the
Court of Appeal and subsequently restored by the House of Lords, the first
instance court’s judgment is restored and “remains standing as from the date
when it was given” (at 712). The present case was similar in that the Court of
Appeal restored the AR’s decision not to set aside the Adjudication
Determination. The AR’s decision therefore stood from the date upon which it
was given. Interest accrued from the date of the AR’s decision, if not
earlier, and there was no basis for the Respondent to dispute the payment of
the Disputed Interest during the Relevant Period. We would add that, in cases
where the trial court dismisses a plaintiff’s claim for damages but the
appellate court allows the plaintiff’s appeal and its claim for damages, it is
not unusual for the appellate court to order that interest run on the judgment
sum from the date of the writ. In those situations, the fact that the trial
court found in the defendant’s favour does not relieve it of the obligation to
pay interest even during the period when the trial court’s judgment had not
yet been overruled. Similarly, we cannot see how the mere fact that the
Judgment had not been overturned during the Relevant Period should operate to
relieve the Respondent of its obligation to pay the Disputed Interest.

34 Secondly, the awarding of interest on judgment sums is made pursuant to the
court’s equitable jurisdiction (_Crédit Agricole Indosuez v Banque Nationale
de Paris_ [2001] 1 SLR(R) 609 (“ _Crédit_ ”) at [7]) and seeks to do justice
to the parties (_Singapore Airlines Ltd and another v Fujitsu Microelectronics
(Malaysia) Sdn Bhd and others_ [2001] 1 SLR(R) 38 (“ _SIA_ ”) at [23]). In
_Crédit_ the court stated (at [7]):

… It would be plain from the rationale given by Lord Cairns in _Rodger_ … that
an order made in this regard is really in pursuance of the court’s equitable
jurisdiction. In considering this question, the court should seek to do
_justice to all the parties, not just the appellant or the respondent_. …
[emphasis added]

35 It is this overriding concern with doing justice to the parties that the
court is ultimately concerned about, and in awarding interest on judgment
sums, the technicalities of what basis interest is awarded upon should not
unduly distract judges from the ultimate goal of seeking to do justice to the
parties – the restitutionary basis upon which interest was ordered to be paid
on the judgment sums in _SIA_ and _Crédit_ is but one way towards achieving
this overarching aim of doing justice between the parties. In this case, we
noted that despite the Adjudication Determination and the AR’s ruling in
favour of the Appellant, the Respondent did not pay over the judgment sum to
the Appellant. Instead, the Respondent kept the sum, which it should have paid
over to the Appellant, in a “current account for operational purposes, that
ordinarily does not bear interest”. The fact was that the Respondent failed to
pay over the judgment sum to the Appellant when the Appellant was rightfully
entitled to it. Such conduct is inexcusable and it suggested to us that doing
justice to parties would entail an order that the Respondent pay interest
during the Disputed Period.

36 Thirdly, the Respondent’s reliance on the cases of _Borthwick v The
Elderslie Steamship Company Limited (No 2)_ [1905] KB 516 (“ _Borthwick_ ”)
and _SIA_ were misconceived. The Respondent submitted that _Borthwick_ had
held that interest was only payable on a judgment sum when there was a
contract or where the principal money had been wrongly withheld (at 520). It
also submitted that _SIA_ held the focus should be on restitution from the
respondent rather than compensation to the appellant in order to do justice to
the parties. In that case, the appellant had paid the respondent a sum of
money pursuant to the first instance judgment, and the respondent had placed
this sum “in an interest bearing account with a reputable financial
institution”. When the appellate court reversed and ordered that the money be
returned to the appellant, it was held that all that justice required was that
the respondent should also return to the appellant the interest the money had
_in fact_ earned, and not interest at a presumably higher rate of 6% (at
[18]–[23]). In the present case, as noted in the preceding paragraph, the
Respondent had kept the judgment sum in an account that was not interest-
bearing, and so the Respondent’s argument premised on _SIA_ was that it did
not have to pay any interest as none had in fact accrued.

37 In our view, the Respondent’s reliance on _SIA_ and _Borthwick_ was of
limited utility as those cases have to be understood on their facts. Turning
first to _SIA_ , the material difference between that case and the present was
that in _SIA_ , the respondent did pay interest on the judgment sum to the
appellant upon the appellate court’s allowing of the appeal. Hence the
respondent’s liability to pay interest even during the period when the first
instance decision had not been overruled was not in dispute, and the only
question was what the interest rate should be. In the present case, by
contrast, the Respondent disputed its liability to pay interest at all during
the Relevant Period.

38 Turning to _Borthwick_ , the difference between that case and the present
was that the relevant party in _Borthwick_ had not wrongfully withheld the
judgment sum, but in this case the Respondent’s withholding of that sum was
undoubtedly wrongful. In _Borthwick_ , the issue was whether the English Court
of Appeal’s judgment which reversed the lower court’s decision should be
antedated so as to allow the plaintiff’s claim for interest on the judgment
debt for the period during which the lower court’s judgment stood. The English
Court of Appeal declined to antedate their judgment as in their view, the
power to antedate ought to be exercised only on good grounds being shown and
the plaintiff had failed to show good grounds (at 519–520). In its letter, the
Respondent relied on the holding in _Borthwick_ to contend that backdated
interest could only be demanded by virtue of a contract or where the principal
money was wrongfully withheld (see [36] above). That comment was first
mentioned in _Caledonian Railway v Carmichael_ (1870) LR 2 HL Sc 56 (“
_Caledonian Railway_ ”) at 66 by Lord Westbury. To better understand that
comment it is necessary to understand the context in which it was made in
_Caledonian Railway._ There, there was a long delay before the creditor
ascertained or pursued his pecuniary claim through a jury, even though at all
times, the debtor was willing to fulfil the judgment debt. When the creditor
sought for interest on the judgment debt to be awarded for the period of the
delay, Lord Westbury held that:

… The jury having found the value of the stone as on that day, all the
functions of the jury, and all the obligations of the statute, were fulfilled.
There was no room for any interest to be demanded. Interest can be demanded
only in virtue of a contract expressed or implied, or by virtue of the
principal sum of money having been wrongfully withheld, and not paid on the
day when it ought to have been paid. There was nothing of that kind here, and
there is no room for any jurisdiction of any Court to consider the question of
interest, that being, if it arise at all, a matter for the jury alone, in
determining the amount of compensation, or the amount of purchase-money to be
paid.

39 In relation to this statement of Lord Westbury, Collins MR in _Borthwick_
said (at 520–521):

... The point that was decided in [_Caledonian Railway_] does not arise in
[_Borthwick_], but the principle of the decision helps us in dealing with
[_Borthwick_]. … the principle to be gathered from [_Caledonian Railway_] is
that till the sum was ascertained there was no exigency on the railway company
to pay anything, and consequently no sum on which they could be called on to
pay interest. Lord Westbury pointed out that interest could only be demanded
by virtue of a contract, or where the principal money had been wrongfully
withheld. _Wrongful withholding of money due would be a cardinal factor in
determining whether we ought to antedate the judgment of this Court, but where
the withholding merely arises in the ordinary process of ascertaining
liability it could not be properly called wrongful._ … [emphasis added]

40 In our view, the remarks of Lord Westbury must not be taken out of context.
Wrongful withholding of the Disputed Interest was exactly what happened in the
present case (see [35] above) and thus there was justification for antedating
the present judgment. We would also add that we might have been inclined to
rule otherwise if the Respondent had paid over the judgment sum upon the
Adjudication Determination made against it with the money being returned to it
pursuant to the Judgment which allowed its appeal – in this hypothetical
scenario, we might have considered that less interest should be paid by the
Respondent depending on the evidence before us as to the benefit the
Respondent would have to disgorge (_Crédit_ at [9]). However, that was not the
case.

41 Finally, we observed that the lengthy delay giving rise to the Relevant
Period was caused partly by the Respondent’s own unsuccessful application
(which was dismissed with costs) to strike out the Appellant’s appeal to this
court by way of Summons No 1534 of 2014. That being the case, we did not think
it would be just to hold that the Respondent should not pay the Disputed
Interest for the Relevant Period. We thus rejected the Respondent’s request to
avoid paying the Disputed Interest, and ordered it to pay the same to the
Appellant.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 20 Aug 2015 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

