Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  AUF _v_ AUG and other matters  
[2015] SGHC 305

Case Number| :| Originating Summons No 790 of 2014, Originating Summons No 791
of 2014 and Originating Summons No 789 of 2014 (Summons No 4899 of 2014)  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 26 November 2015  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Belinda Ang Saw Ean J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Alvin Yeo SC, Ian De Vaz, Nikki Ngiam, Wang Ye (Wong
Partnership LLP) for the plaintiff in OS 789 and the defendant in OS 790 and
791; Davinder Singh SC, Cheryl Tan, David Fong (Drew & Napier LLC) for the
defendant in OS 789 and the plaintiff in OS 790 and 791.  
Parties| :|  AUF — AUG — AUD — AUE — AUB — AUC  
  
26 November 2015| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Belinda Ang Saw Ean J:

Introduction

1 There are before the court three applications. The first two challenged an
arbitral award dated 29 July 2014 (“the Award”). The first challenge in
Originating Summons No 790 of 2014 (“OS 790”) is to set aside in part the
Award pursuant to s 17(2) of the Arbitration Act (Cap 10, 1985 Rev Ed) (“the
1985 Act”). The second challenge in Originating Summons No 791 of 2014 (“OS
791”) is for leave to appeal on questions of law arising out of the Award. The
third application is Summons No 4899 of 2014 (“SUM 4899”) filed in Originating
Summons No 789 of 2014 (“OS 789”) to set aside an _ex parte_ Order of Court
dated 9 September 2014 to enforce the Award as a judgment of the High Court
pursuant to s 46 of the Arbitration Act (Cap 10, 2002 Rev Ed) (“the 2002
Act”).

2 AUF is the plaintiff in OS 790 and OS 791, and the defendant in OS 789. AUF
was the respondent in the Arbitration. AUF is hereafter referred to as “the
Contractor”. The claimant in the Arbitration was AUG. Notably, AUG is the
defendant in OS 790 and OS 791 and the plaintiff in OS 789. AUG is hereafter
referred to as “the Owner”. Mr Davinder Singh SC (“Mr Singh”) is for the
Contractor in all three applications, and Mr Alvin Yeo SC (“Mr Yeo”) is for
the Owner. In the Arbitration, Mr Yeo represented the Owner and Mr Alan
Thambiayah (“Mr Thambiayah”) was counsel for the Contractor.

3 The issues in the challenged part of the Award that fell to be decided by
the sole Arbitrator was whether there was a breach of a contract in relation
to design, supply and installation of the external wall system carried out by
a nominated sub-contractor on a 13-storey commercial development in a premier
shopping district of Singapore (“the Building”). The Arbitrator was to decide
on the quantum of damages payable if he found the Contractor liable as main
contractor for the defective works carried out by the nominated sub-contractor
(“the NSC”). Specifically, the NSC’s tender price of $8,100,000 was for the
design, supply and installation of the external wall cladding of the Building
(“the Sub-Contract Works”). The final agreed sum for the Sub-Contract Works
was $8,503,649.05 (“the Final Sub-Contract Sum”). Parties clarified in their
respective letters dated 28 September and 6 October 2015 that the Final Sub-
Contract Sum included the quantum of variation works accepted by the
Contractor’s quantity surveyor.

4 The dispute before the Arbitrator spanned a period of 14 years. At the end
of it, the sole Arbitrator rendered a 90-paragraph award in favour the Owner.
The Arbitrator held that the Contractor, as main contractor, was in breach of
the Sub-Contract Works and awarded damages based on 40% of the Final Sub-
Contract Sum.

5 The Contractor’s main challenge in OS 790 is that the Arbitrator’s award of
damages was not the measure of damages that the Owner had pleaded and pursued
in the Arbitration. As such, the Arbitrator acted outside his jurisdiction or
reference (“the Jurisdiction Issue”). The second ground of challenge in OS
790, the natural justice ground, is related to the Owner’s pleaded case on
damages for diminution in the value of the Building which was based on cost of
rectification. The Contractor’s complaint was premised on the argument that it
did not get a fair hearing because it was, in breach of natural justice,
deprived of the opportunity to present its case on diminution in value in
that: (a) the Award was made on a basis not put to the parties; and (b)
alternatively, it was made on the basis of the Owner’s 29 May 2014 Submissions
(“the Owner’s May 2014 Submissions”), which the Contractor was not given the
opportunity to address, as a result of which the Contractor suffered
prejudice. The third ground is that there was no evidence to support the
conclusions in the Arbitrator’s finding of diminution in value of the Building
and quantum of damages based on diminished value and that outcome had taken
the parties by surprise. This third ground raises the question whether the “no
evidence rule” is a breach of the fair hearing rule. A separate and
independent point is whether the “no evidence rule” should be accorded legal
recognition as a third limb of natural justice.

6 Other related complaints were that the Contractor did not get a fair hearing
in that, in breach of natural justice, it was deprived of the opportunity to
present its case on interest and costs in the Award. The final blanket
complaint was that the Arbitrator had not given any or proper reasons for the
Award and, as a result, the Contractor had suffered prejudice.

7 As stated, OS 791 is for leave to appeal on questions of law arising out of
the Award. However, it is envisaged that the court need not proceed with OS
791 if the Contractor succeeds in OS 790. Similarly, the parties ought to
abide by the outcome of either OS 790 or OS 791 in relation to SUM 4899 in OS
789.

8 The relevant statute that is applicable to OS 789, 790 and OS 791 is the
1985 Act (see also s 65(2) of the 2002 Act).

The Arbitration

The underlying dispute in the Arbitration

9 The underlying dispute leading to the Arbitration arose out of the
construction of the Building which was the subject of an agreement made
between the Owner and the Contractor and dated 25 May 1995 (“the Main
Contract”). The works in the Main Contract included the design, supply and
installation of the external wall system that was carried out by the NSC. The
Main Contract incorporated the SIA Conditions of Contract for Measurement
Contract (4th Ed). Clause 37 of the Main Contract contained an agreement
referring disputes to arbitration.

10 After completion of the Building in March 1997, complaints of leaks and
water-seepage into the Building surfaced. From March 1997 to June 1998, the
Contractor carried out _ad hoc_ repair works by face-sealing and over-sealing
the Building. Further rectification works were carried out between September
1998 and January 2000, but the leaks persisted. In February 2000, the Owner
informed the Contractor that it wanted the external wall to be re-cladded.
Although it was an item of claim pursued in the Arbitration, the claim for the
re-cladding of the external wall was dropped in the course of the Arbitration.

11 The Arbitration that was commenced was _ad hoc._ Thus, it was not governed
by any institutional set of arbitration rules or procedure. The NSC was joined
as a third party to the arbitral proceedings on or around 30 October 2000, but
the proceedings against the NSC were later abandoned when the NSC went into
liquidation. The Arbitration continued between the Owner and the Contractor.

The pleadings in the Arbitration

12 The final pleadings in the Arbitration were as follows:

(a) The Owner’s re-amended Points of Claim dated 9 May 2005, which included a
list of 64 alleged defects set out in an appendix (“Appendix A1.1”);

(b) The Contractor’s re-re-amended Defence and Counterclaim dated 23 August
2005; and

(c) The Owner’s amended Reply and Defence to the Contractor’s Defence and
Counterclaim dated 10 January 2004.

13 As can be seen from the re-amended Points of Claim, the Owner sought these
reliefs:

(a) an order that the Contractor remedies the defects in the external wall by
recladding the Building;

(b) alternatively, damages for the cost of recladding the Building;

(c) alternatively, damages for diminution in value of the Building;

(d) loss, damages and expenses for loss of rental, car park fees, damages
and/or compensation paid or to be paid to the Building’s tenants,
rectification works, and costs related to the engagement of a façade
consultant to investigate the façade defects;

(e) costs of the Contractor’s use of the Owner’s gondola to carry out
rectification works;

(f) damages, loss and expense suffered by the Owner, including managerial
staff, administrative, and/or site costs expended on the façade defects,
rectifications and/or tenants’ claims;

(g) interest and costs; and

(h) such further or other relief as the Arbitrator deems fit to award.

14 The Owner added its alternative claim for damages for diminution in the
value of the Building to its pleadings on 5 December 2003.

15 Pursuant to this amendment, the Contractor requested further and better
particulars on 12 December 2003 and 9 January 2004. In its request dated 9
January 2004, the Contractor asked the Owner to give full particulars of the
damage it had allegedly suffered in respect of the Owner’s alternative claim
for damages for diminution in the value of the Building. The Owner responded
on 19 January 2004, stating that the Contractor was “not entitled to any such
particulars” as the request was “for evidence”.[note: 1]

16 Dissatisfied with the Owner’s response, the Contractor made another request
on 25 March 2004 for particulars of: (a) the basis upon which alleged damages
for diminution in value were to be computed; and (b) the alleged damages
suffered. On 12 April 2004, the Owner wrote:[note: 2]

(a) … Claimant’s [_ie_ , the Owner’s] counsel had confirmed at the hearing on
1 March 2004 that the Claimant’s diminution in value claim was based on the
defects in the façade cladding. The Respondents [_ie_ , the Contractor] are
not entitled to particulars of computation of damages. This request is for
evidence, to be furnished at the 2nd stage of the arbitration dealing with
quantification.

(b) The Respondents are not entitled to particulars of quantum of damages.
This request is for evidence, to be furnished at the 2nd stage of the
arbitration dealing with quantification.

The hearings and directions made

17 The first tranche of hearing, on the issue of liability, was held over a
period of 13 days in August and September 2005 (“the First Hearing”). The
Contractor had originally taken the position that all defects and leaks had
been rectified, but changed its position after seven days of the First Hearing
in August 2005 and accepted that there were defects which were “capable of
rectification”.

18 At a procedural meeting held on 10 August 2007, the Owner withdrew its
claim for recladding of the external walls of the Building. The Arbitrator’s
directions are apposite: [note: 3]

By consent, I confirm the following directions:

(1) The Claimants will withdraw their claim for a recladding of [the Building]
but _maintain their claim for loss and damage arising from defects_ ;

(2) The issue of costs reserved;

(3) The Parties agree there are some defects in [the Building] but are not
agreed upon:

(a) With reference to Appendix A1.1 of [the Owner’s re-amended Points of
Claim], what the defects are, their nature, the extent and liability therefor;

(b) The appropriate method of rectification of these defects;

(c) The cost of rectification of these defects; and

_(d) Any other loss and damage arising from these defects._

[emphasis added]

19 The parties were directed to have their respective expert witnesses meet to
try to agree on the defects listed in Appendix A1.1, and their nature and
extent. Directions were given to counsel on both sides to meet thereafter to
attempt to streamline the agreed views of the expert witnesses and the
parties’ respective positions. Further hearing dates in 2007 were fixed, but
the dates were vacated subsequently.

20 The meetings were unsuccessful. In December 2008, the Arbitrator suggested
that the parties consider the appointment of an independent expert instead. An
independent expert was appointed on 13 May 2009 (“the Independent Expert”) and
he was to meet with the parties’ experts to discuss the nature and extent of
the defects listed in Appendix A1.1.

21 The Independent Expert issued a draft report on the defects listed in
Appendix A1.1 in two parts: the first on 15 November 2010, and the second on
10 January 2011 (collectively “the Draft Report”).[note: 4] In the Draft
Report, the Independent Expert opined that there was a “contractual defect”
from the very fact that leaks were still being recorded. He further opined
that the Owner’s method of recording the leaks was “not the preferred way of
assessing the extent of the leaks”.[note: 5]

22 On 1 August 2012, a procedural meeting was held following the Contractor’s
proposal made through its counsel on 9 July 2012 to limit, _inter alia_ , the
scope of the arbitral hearing to each party making submissions on the list of
defects referred to in the Award as Annex 1. Directions were issued
accordingly.

23 In July 2012, the Owner called for tenders and invited prospective
contractors and façade specialists to quote for the rectification and repair
works needed for the Building based on the repair procedures and quantities
prepared by its expert. At the end of the tender period in August 2012, two
tenders were received in the sum of approximately $7.7m and $14.7m from Tender
Company 1 and Tender Company 2 respectively.

24 The parties filed and exchanged written submissions on the issues of
liability and quantum on 9 October 2012, 7 February 2013, 31 May 2013, 25 June
2013 and 8 July 2013. An oral hearing was held on 9 and 10 July 2013 for
counsel on both sides to address the Arbitrator on their respective written
submissions (“the Second Hearing”). During the Second Hearing, the Arbitrator
directed the parties to tender further written submissions on the issues of
liability and quantum. Hence, five other sets of submissions were filed
between 9 September 2013 and 13 January 2014. In these submissions, the Owner
advanced its primary claim for cost of rectification and based the quantum of
the cost of rectification on the lower of the two tenders it had received in
2012, _ie_ , $7.7m that was submitted by Tender Company 1 (“Tender 1”).

25 By a letter dated 18 February 2014 addressed to the parties, the Arbitrator
wrote:[note: 6]

The Tribunal refers to the thorough submissions both oral and written made by
solicitors for the parties. However, in the event that the Tribunal holds that
the Claimants are entitled to their claim to be based on diminished value,
could solicitors address the Tribunal within the next ten (10) days on the
following:

(1) the date based on which such loss should be calculated; and

(2) what that amount should be and the reasons for the same.

[emphasis in original omitted]

These directions will hereinafter be referred to as “the February 2014
Directions”.

26 Pursuant to the February 2014 Directions, the parties exchanged written
submissions on 3 March 2014. The Contractor filed reply submissions on 12
March 2014. The Owner responded that it did not expect the Contractor to
tender reply submissions and asked for leave to do the same. The Owner was
given leave to respond and it submitted its reply on 1 April 2014. Notably,
the Contractor had objected to the Arbitrator’s remit to award damages on the
basis of diminution in value at this stage and its submissions were submitted
under protest and upon reservation its right to object to the Arbitrator
acting in excess of jurisdiction.

27 A procedural meeting was held on 3 April 2014, after which the Arbitrator
wrote to the parties to confirm the following matters:

I confirm Respondent’s [_ie_ , the Contractor’s] solicitors are to revert to
me on the following issues:

(1) Could [the NSC’s] tender for the sub-contract works be used for
determining the diminished value of their works.

(2) (i) If the answer to (1) above is in the affirmative, what date should be
the diminished value of their works be based on. Should it be the date of
completion of [the Building] as certified by the Architect or any other dates;
and

(ii) What amount should it be and the basis for [arriving] at the same.

(3) The Respondents are to file and serve their submissions by 1 May 2014 and
the Claimants [_ie_ , the Owner] are to reply thereto by 22 May 2014.

These directions will be referred to as “the April 2014 Directions”.

28 Once again the Contractor objected that the Arbitrator did not have
jurisdiction to determine and make an award for damages based on diminution in
value at this stage. The Contractor’s submissions of 1 May 2014 were submitted
under protest and upon reservation of its rights. The Owner served its reply
submissions on 29 May 2014. The Contractor took the view that the Owner had
raised new points and legal material in its May 2014 Submissions and sought
leave from the Arbitrator to respond on 4 June 2014. Specifically, Mr
Thambiayah’s argument was that the Owner had, amongst other things, introduced
a “new case” of abatement and that it was relying on _Multiplex Constructions
(UK) Limited v Cleveland Bridge UK Limited_ [2006] EWHC 1314 (TCC) (“
_Multiplex_ ”) and Keating on Construction Contracts for this “new case”.
Thus, the Contractor wanted to reply to this “new case”.

29 The Arbitrator declined to give leave to reply. It is important to set out
the relevant portion of the Arbitrator’s e-mail of 18 June 2014 to Mr
Thambiayah:[note: 7]

Both parties have rendered adequate assistance to the Tribunal on the issue of
diminished value. The Tribunal does not require further submissions unless it
is by mutual consent.

30 Separately, the Owner objected when the Contractor sought the Owner’s
consent to the Contractor submitting a reply.

The parties’ cases in the Arbitration on damages

The Owner’s case on damages and quantum

31 The Owner’s case on damages and quantum prior to the Second Hearing was
comprehensively tabulated in its submissions dated 9 October 2012:

S/N |  Description |  Amount (S$)  
---|---|---  
1. |  Cost of Rectification |  7,688,984.00  
2. |  Facade Consultant Fees |  564,800.00  
3. |  Project Management Consultant Fees |  150,000.00  
4. |  The Owner’s management fees for employment of Clerk of Works, overtime for existing security guards and employment of additional maintenance technician / security guards |  240,000.00  
5. |  Loss of rental arising from reduction of let-able space due to working space required by the Contractor for the duration of the rectification works |  2,671,643.14  
6. |  Loss, damage and expense which have been incurred by the Owner as at 2 December 2003 |  162,825.18  
7. |  Cost of the Contractor’s use of the Owner’s gondolas |  146,208.07  
|  **TOTAL:** |  **_11,624,460.39_**  
  
  

Prior to the Second Hearing, the Owner was undeniably advancing first and
foremost a claim for damages based on the cost of rectification of the defects
with reference to Appendix A1.1. However, diminution in value of the Building
was still a positive alternative claim in the Owner’s Points of Claim as
amended in 2003 and maintained in the Arbitrator’s directions in August 2007
(see [18] above). That was how the Arbitrator saw it for he raised the
possibility of an award of damages based on diminution in value in the course
of the Arbitration and asked for submissions on diminution in value.

32 That happened during the Second Hearing. I refer to the exchange on 9 July
2013 between the Arbitrator, Mr Yeo (counsel for the Owner in the Arbitration)
and Mr Thambiayah (counsel for the Contractor in the Arbitration) during the
Second Hearing:[note: 8]

[Arbitrator]: |  Supposing let us say that the defects are there but they do not fundamentally amount to, say, failure of purpose, it doesn’t serve the purpose as a building. Then the next best would be on depreciated value. … You have a building that is not 100 per cent, it’s not perfect but then it’s a useable building, it can serve the purpose of a building. Then would it be reasonable for me to say, let us say, deduct it on the basis of ---  
---|---  
Mr Yeo: |  Should I try to address that, sir?  
…. |   
Mr Yeo: |  Sir, as I said, I think it’s open to you to look at different bases but I suppose at the end of the day there needs to be some correlation to the costs of rectification and so on and I think you can look at it in terms of perhaps whether you would make any sort of adjustments but I won’t try to suggest to you [that] we put forward valuation reports on that basis, we haven’t, and the reason is because the consultants all told us that it would go back to costs of rectification.   
[Arbitrator]: |  Another method would be what they call diminished value; that’s one way we could look at it.  
Mr Yeo: |  Actually, sir, when we talked to the consultants we didn’t use the word “depreciation” because that’s generally an accounting term, but it’s diminished value and they basically said, “I have got no comparables so I will have to go on costs of rectification”; that was our difficultly, sir. …  
  
  

33 The following day, 10 July 2013, the Arbitrator raised the issue of
diminished value again:[note: 9]

[Arbitrator]: |  Let’s go to the point I brought up yesterday, would it be better if we address the issue of diminution in value? That is what ---  
---|---  
Mr Yeo: |  I understand. Sir, I do think so some extent you still end up at the same position because, as I’ve said, and I accept I’m saying this from the bar so apologies, but we did check with property valuers because we were thinking of calling such evidence and they ended up saying the diminished value in their view would relate to cost of rectification.   
|  Sir, you will recall that in the course of my submissions yesterday I did
say you could look at the amount of claims, certainly the cost of
rectification, you could make some adjustments to it. I wasn’t trying to
suggest that you do some kind of form of palm tree justice and just make an
adjustment; when I was talking about you could make some adjustments what I
had in mind obviously you don’t believe there was such a defect, for instance,
the respondents persuade you, or you could make an adjustment for an element
of what you considered to be betterment because, yes, there has been an
effluxion of time from then until now. …  
[Arbitrator]: |  Give a discount.  
Mr Yeo: |  Give some form of discount, that’s right. As I said, I don’t think this is inviting you to do some form of palm tree justice.  
[Arbitrator]: |  The concern is how to do it, that’s why I bring up this issue, maybe you all can help me. I’m looking at this definition here. It says: “If the cost of rectification of the defects is disproportionate to the injury, the employer will be awarded damages based on the difference in value between the value of the building as it would have been had the contract been properly performed”.   
|  So I think maybe I would like you to address me on that as well. This is
not giving an indication that this is the direction.  
  
  

[Both Mr Thambiayah and Mr Yeo agree that they will address this in their
submissions.]

… |   
---|---  
Mr Yeo: |  I appreciate nobody has put forward an affidavit or an expert’s report on the amount of adjustment you would make. … [I]f there’s an adjustment to be made for wear and tear I accept as a matter of principle that is something you can certainly consider but I would not expect that to be a major discount. …  
… |   
Mr Thambiayah: |  Judge, I think [Mr Yeo] is right, neither party has considered or addressed this diminution in value point. However, I think I better make this clear right from the outset in relation to the points [Mr Yeo] has just made about the building’s capacity to earn rental or to earn less rental, less than market rental; there is absolutely no evidence of that before you. …  
Mr Yeo: |  Sir, just to clarify, of course, Mr Thambiayah can make submissions on a proper legal case. When he said there’s no evidence of what the lost rental would be during this period, that’s correct because, as I’ve said, we’ve made a decision not to claim for it.   
  
  

34 After the Second Hearing, the Owner addressed the issue of diminution in
value in its submissions dated 12 November 2013 in the following manner:[note:
10]

10\. Without prejudice to the position as stated above, the Claimants set out
below their brief response to the considerations raised by [the Contractor]:

S/N |  Alleged considerations as to Reasonableness |  Claimants’ Response  
---|---|---  
…  
2 |  Diminution in value is a consideration.  The Claimants has shown no evidence in respect of diminution in value.  Thus, it should be assumed that there is no diminution in value. |  Absence of evidence of diminution in value does not mean that there is no diminution in value. _The Claimants are entitled to claim for cost of rectification, rather than diminution in value, as is appropriate here and the Claimants have shown genuine intention to carry out the repairs_. …  
…  
  
  

[emphasis added]

35 The Owner’s stated reason for pursuing a claim for cost of cure was its
genuine intention to carry out the repairs. However, as early as the Second
Hearing, it was Mr Yeo’s submission that “diminished value … would relate to
costs of rectification”. This was a submission repeated in the Owner’s
submissions dated 12 November 2013. The Owner approached the February 2014
Directions (_ie_ , “the Owner’s March 2014 Submissions”) by repeating that it
had put forth its case on the basis of cost of rectification; and that on
diminution in value, it had no evidence of the “difference between the reduced
value of the Building as defectively built and what it would have been worth
had it been completed as promised”. Despite the evidential difficulty, it
actually kept the alternative claim of diminution in value open in case it
could not persuade the Arbitrator on the cost of rectification and the
Arbitrator was minded to award damages on the basis of diminution in value. In
so doing, the Owner submitted, relying on _St Louis LLC v Final Touch Glass &
Mirror Inc_ 386 NJ Super 177 (“ _St Louis_ ”), a decision of the Superior
Court of New Jersey, for the proposition that the tribunal could use the cost
of repair as a measure of diminution in value, even though the market value
could be ascertained. In its reply submissions dated 1 April 2014, the Owner
also relied on the case of _State Property & Building Commission of the
Department of Finance v H W Miller Construction Company Inc_ Ky 385 SW 2d 211
(“ _State Property_ ”) where the Court of Appeal of Kentucky held that “in the
absence of evidence to the contrary it would ordinarily be presumed … that as
between a willing seller and willing buyer of a new building known to be in
need of certain repair work the anticipated cost of the remedial work would
reduce the price by an equivalent amount”. It is noteworthy to quote from the
Owner’s March 2014 Submissions:

… in the absence of an expert professional valuer’s report on the value of the
Building, the amount ought to be based on the _cost of rectification_ of the
defective façade derived from the lower of 2 tenders … since it is reasonable
to expect that no one would want to buy a building with a history of leaky
façade _until and unless the façade was repaired (with warranty) or an amount
equivalent to the cost of complete rectification is given as a discount of the
market value of the Building_ (in assumed good condition); and

… this cost of rectification can, however, be subject to a discount for
betterment, given that the award is being made some 17 years after completion
of the [B]uilding. [emphasis in original]

36 The Owner then proposed a “betterment discount” of 20% to 30% off the
tender price of $7.7m submitted by Tender Company 1. Effectively, the Owner
was proposing that the Arbitrator award approximately $5.4m (70% of Tender 1)
as damages for diminution in value of the Building.

37 The Arbitrator’s April 2014 Directions followed. The Contractor was
directed to file its submissions first. In the Owner’s reply to the
Contractor’s submissions (_ie_ , “the Owner’s May 2014 Submissions”), the
Owner introduced the concept of abatement of value, citing the case of
_Multiplex_ (at [28] above) to support the proposition that the price paid for
the defective Sub-Contract Works could be abated “as a claim to recover monies
overpaid”. This was, in the Owner’s submissions, “another way of arriving at
the diminution in value, viewed in the context of [the NSC’s] tender”.[note:
11] The Owner agreed that the NSC’s tender for the Sub-Contract Works could be
used for determining the diminished value of the works in so far as the tender
established the value of the works “as it ought to be”. The reference point of
the quantum of damages therefore remained the value of Tender 1, abatement
being a concept used to connect the costs of rectification with the NSC’s
tender.

38 The Owner also submitted that there was no material difference between
diminution in value of _the Building_ and diminution in value of _the Sub-
Contract Works_ given that the Sub-Contract Works were part of the Building,
and parties were arguing about diminution in value as a consequence of the
same defects.[note: 12]

The Contractor’s case on damages and quantum

39 Turning to the Contractor’s case on damages and quantum, the Contractor had
submitted after the Second Hearing that there was never any claim made by the
Owner for diminution in market rental, and that there was no evidence of
diminution in value of the Building either. The Contractor highlighted the
undisputed fact that the book value of the Building did not appear to be
affected by the alleged defects in the Sub-Contract Works.[note: 13] In its
submissions made in September 2013 after the Second Hearing (“the Contractor’s
September 2013 Submissions”), the Contractor also comprehensively enunciated
the relevant legal principles governing the measure of loss and its reasons
for rejecting the Owner’s claims in the Arbitration. Given the importance of
this submission, it merits quoting in full:[note: 14]

**VIII. Measure of Loss**

146\. The issue of the measure of [the Owner’s] loss will be relevant only if
the tribunal were to find a contractual breach on the part of [the
Contractor]. The expositions of principles in the numerous authorities are
clear. [The Owner] cannot recover what it claims in this arbitration. … [The
Contractor] is confident that basic principles such as the following will
remain untrammelled notwithstanding [the Owner’s] best efforts…:

a. the cost of reinstatement is not the appropriate measure of damages if the
expenditure would be all out of proportion to the benefit to be obtained. … In
such a case, the appropriate measure of damages is the difference in value,
even though it would result in a nominal award;

b. if the cost of performance far exceeds the diminution in value, and, in
particular, where the cost of performance is “grossly disproportionate” to the
benefit of that performance (that is, any increase in value, as a result of
performance), damages may be limited to the diminution in market value;

c. it is not the diminution in value of the freehold, but the diminution in
value of the work which is given as the measure. **_In many cases, diminution
in value of the work may be equal to diminution in value of the building_** ;

…

h. _where it is not appropriate to assess the claimant’s loss by reference to
the costs of cure, and if no evidence had been led as to the claimant’s loss
by reference to the diminution in value of the subject property, the
diminution should be taken to have been negligible;_

j. … a claimant will not be entitled to recover, as damages, the cost of
performing repairs _which would result in its receiving a significant
“windfall” or “overcompensation” or “betterment_ ” – for example, a claimant
will not be entitled to that portion of remediation costs which would elevate
the quality or serviceability of the construction work beyond that which would
have resulted had the contract been properly performed.

147\. Applying the law to the facts there can be only one outcome in this
arbitration, being the one contended for by [the Contractor].

[emphasis added in italics and in bold italics]

40 In its response to the February 2014 Directions (_ie_ , “the Contractor’s
March 2014 Submissions”), the Contractor took the position that the Owner had
“made a forensic decision” not to seek damages for diminution in value. Again,
it reiterated that there was therefore no evidence or submissions before the
Arbitrator on diminution in value of the Building or diminution in value of
the Sub-Contract Works. It followed that the Arbitrator had no jurisdiction to
award damages on that basis. In any event, the Contractor submitted that
diminution in value had not been proved and no damages or only nominal damages
should be awarded.[note: 15] As for the Owner’s suggestion to the Arbitrator
to use the cost of rectification in determining diminution in value, the
Contractor submitted that the Owner should not be allowed to “benefit in any
way from its forensic decision not to put before the Tribunal any valuation
report or evidence about diminution in value”.[note: 16] The Contractor also
submitted, in its reply submissions, that it should not be required to meet a
“case which was not conducted by [the Owner]”.[note: 17]

41 By the April 2014 Directions, the Contractor was to file its submissions
first, before the Owner. This was a matter which the Contractor protested
against in its answers to the April 2014 Directions (_ie_ , “the Contractor’s
May 2014 Submissions”) and it asked for an opportunity to reply if the Owner’s
answers introduced a case that the Owner had not previously made.[note: 18]

42 The Contractor then reiterated its position that the Arbitrator had no
jurisdiction to make an award for damages on the basis of diminution in value
claiming that the Owner’s conduct of its case showed that it had abandoned its
alternative claim based on diminution in value. It also pointed out that the
Owner had claimed for diminution in value of _the Building_ , and not
diminution in value of _the Sub-Contract Works_ , the latter being the basis
on which the Arbitrator had posed his questions. Subject to that caveat, the
Contractor agreed that the Arbitrator could use the NSC’s tender for the Sub-
Contract Works as a basis to determine the diminished value of the works,
although it submitted that any diminution in value of the Sub-Contract Works
was _de minimis_.

43 Elaborating on its answers, the Contractor pointed out that the Owner had
appeared to be collecting market rental for the past 16 years after the
Building had been completed. The Owner had therefore suffered no loss, and
there could not be any diminution in value of the Sub-Contract Works. However,
the Contractor then went on to state the following:[note: 19]

7\. …the Architect, in his Interim Certificate No. 34 dated 14 October 2002
assessed the value of the [NSC] Subcontract Works to be $7,772,925.00. The
difference between the Architect’s certified value of [the NSC] Subcontract
Works as performed and the [NSC] Tender/Subcontract Sum of $8,100,000 is in
the region of about $330,000 (i.e. $8.1 million less $7.7 million).

8\. Even considering the [Quantity Surveyor’s] draft final account dated 15
April 2002 which showed the [NSC] Final Subcontract Sum of $8,503,649.05
(including variations but excluding [the NSC’s] variation claim of
$638,868.89), the difference in the certified value of the Subcontract Works
as performed and the QS’s draft final account is $730,724.05.

9\. Be that as it may, based on the Architect’s certification in October 2002,
the diminished value of [the NSC] Subcontract Works amounts to about
$330,000.00 and it should not exceed $730,724.05 even if the variations in
[the Owner’s] draft final account are taken into consideration. …

44 The Contractor’s point was that if diminution in value of the Sub-Contract
Works was applied on the established basis by comparing two values, _ie_ , the
value of the Sub-Contract Works as contracted for less the value of the
allegedly defective Sub-Contract Works, the diminution in value of the Sub-
Contract Works would amount to either $330,000 or $730,724.05 (depending on
whether the NSC’s tender price or the Final Sub-Contract Sum of $8,503,649.05
was used as the value of the “non-defective” Sub-Contract Works).

Events that occurred before the Award was handed down

45 I now refer to the events that developed after the Owner’s May 2014
Submissions were served. The Contractor sought leave to reply, alleging, among
other matters, that the Owner had presented a new concept of abatement of
value. The Owner strenuously objected on the basis that the Contractor had
already implicitly addressed the issue of abatement as follows:[note: 20]

… In relation to the doctrine of abatement, in answering “yes” to the
Tribunal’s question that [the NSC’s] tender for the Subcontract work _can_ be
used for determining diminished value of the Subcontract Works, and _going on
to address_ what the value should therefore be … the Respondents have already
addressed abatement of the subcontract price … [emphasis in original]

46 As stated above at [29], the Arbitrator’s direction on 18 June 2014 against
this backdrop was that he required no further assistance. The Arbitrator
recorded in the Award that he received a total of 16 written submissions by 18
June 2014. Notably, the opening sentence of the April 2014 Directions
expressly “confirmed” that it was “[the Contractor’s] solicitors” who were to
“revert” to the Arbitrator on the issues set out in the April 2014 Directions
(see [27] above). The upshot of the Arbitrator’s confirmation is that the
Owner was to have the last word on the very issues.

The Award

47 Against the entire background facts, history of the arbitral proceedings,
arguments and developments narrated above in [9]–[46] above, I now turn to the
Award.

48 The Arbitrator found for the Owner on the main claim. He construed cl 28(2)
of the Main Contract to mean that the Contractor would be fully responsible
for the Sub-Contract Works that were carried out by the NSC. The Contractor
was therefore held liable for the defects in, _inter alia_ , the installation
of the external wall cladding arising from the NSC’s default or breach of
contract. Paragraphs [51] and [61] of the Award read:

51\. On liability, the Tribunal finds for the Claimants based on the
conclusion in [the Independent Expert’s] Report cited _supra_ and the
admission of the Respondents by way of their repeated offers to the Claimants
to use the retention moneys to effect repairs pending the outcome of this
arbitration.

…

61\. Accordingly, quite apart from [the Contractor’s] admission of liability
vide paragraphs 51 and 52 _supra_ , the Tribunal finds against [the
Contractor] on the issue of liability for the works referred to [in] Annex 1.

49 The Arbitrator summarised the Independent Expert’s conclusions which he
accepted in [31] of the Award:

[The Independent Expert] in his report summarised his views as follows:

“(1) The fact that leaks are being recorded is in my opinion a contractual
defect.

(2) The intent of the design, as required by the specification, is for the
facade to be pressure equalised so that any water penetrating the face of the
facade can be drained to the outside.

(3) It is apparent from the interface details described in the defects list a
pressure equalised facade system has not been achieved.

(4) This has resulted in a direct water path into the building at interfaces
where there is no internal air seal and the external weather seal is not
effective.

(5) Many of the areas where it would be necessary to gain access from inside
the building are now no longer accessible without severe disruption to the
occupants.

(6) The Respondent agreed that some of the leaks are caused by poor
workmanship.

(7) I support the comment of the Respondent that tracing the position of leak
can be difficult as the point of entry into the building may be some distance
away from the point of entry at the façade. The method of repair of a leak
requires a forensic approach that progressively addresses the cause until the
repair is successful. This may take more than one remedial action.

(8) I support the Respondent’s statement that the Claimant’s method of
recording leaks by complaints is not the preferred way of assessing the extent
of the leaks.

(9) I would prefer to see the leaks tabulated to record, date of report,
location, position of water entry, severity and weather condition at time of
the report. This would allow an assessment to be made on the extent of the
defect, the severity of the leak and whether the leak is new or recurring.

(10) In my opinion, on the basis of the data prepared by the Claimant, there
appears to be evidence that over 2010 the number of leaks are increasing and
previous leaks may be recurring.”

50 Before me, the Owner argued that the parties had implicitly or effectively
treated the Draft Report as the final version. The Contractor disputed this.
Be that as it may, the Arbitrator accepted the Independent Expert’s
conclusions in the Draft Report that analysed the 64 pleaded defects in
Appendix A1.1 and came to a landing that there were 31 defects (whether by
agreement between the parties, or in the Independent Expert’s opinion), with
five other pleaded defects requiring further investigation.

51 Having found against the Contractor on the issue of liability, the
Arbitrator then approached the issue of the quantum of damages. He cited the
principle that compensatory damages are aimed at putting the innocent party in
“as good a position as if the contract had been performed”. The Arbitrator
quoted from _The Law of Contract in Singapore_ , Andrew Phang Gen Ed (Academy
Publishing, 2012) at para 21.058 which I set out here for background:

**Expectation loss: Cost of cure, diminution in value or loss of amenity?**

There are at least three ways by which damages may be quantified to place the
promisee in the position it would have been had the contract been performed.
These may be termed the “cost of cure” basis, the “diminution of value” basis
and the “loss of amenity” basis. Briefly:

(a) “cost of cure” refers to the loss sustained by a promisee in terms of what
it would cost the promisee to procure some entity other than the defaulting
promisor to provide that which the promisor had failed to provide – _ie_ , the
cost of obtaining _substitute_ performance;

(b) “diminution in value” refers to the loss sustained by a promisee in terms
of the difference between the market value of the contracted for performance
and the market value of the actual performance rendered; and

(c) “loss of amenity” refers to a conventional award made by the costs to
reflect the level of _subjective_ loss sustained by the promisee as a result
of the defective performance by the promisor. [emphasis in original]

52 In the Arbitrator’s view, “loss of amenity” was not a basis to quantify the
damages in the present case. He then examined damages on a cost of cure basis
noting that it was “in principle” the most equitable relief. He observed that
cost of cure was, however, “only a prima facie position” (at [73] of the
Award).

53 The Arbitrator observed that the Building was more than 16 years old at the
time of the Award. He also noted that the Owner had not undertaken regular
maintenance of the façade since its completion in March 1997. Furthermore, a
prime tenant of the Building had covered the first four levels of the
Building’s façade. Besides, the Owner based its claim for cost of
rectification on the basis of Tender 1 which had already lapsed. In these
circumstances, on the pertinent question before the Arbitrator – whether the
Owner would have proceeded with rectification of the Building if damages were
awarded on a cost of cure basis – the Arbitrator held that the Owner would not
carry out the repairs.

54 The second reason for the Arbitrator’s finding that a cost of cure basis
was not the appropriate measure of damages was that it would be unreasonable
to base an award on the cost of rectification as claimed when only 31 items of
defects represented the loss sustained by the Owner. Notably, the Arbitrator
based his Award of damages on only 31 items of defect as set out in [27] of
the Award and not on all 64 items as claimed in the re-amended Points of Claim
and Appendix A1.1. The Arbitrator cited _Ruxley Electronics and Construction
Ltd v Forsyth_ [1996] 1 AC 344 (“ _Ruxley Electronics_ ”) for the legal
principle that damages must be reasonable and found that the claim for cost of
cure did not satisfy the test set out in _Ruxley Electronics._

55 The Arbitrator opined that “the appropriate award [would be] one based on
diminution in value”. Paragraph [82] of the Award reads:

The Tribunal thus rejects the Claimants’ claim for $11, 617,383.37 plus
interest. The Tribunal holds that the appropriate award is one based on
diminution in value taking into account the defects confirmed in [the
Independent Expert’s] Report.

56 In deciding on diminution in value as the appropriate measure of damages,
the Arbitrator made the following findings of fact in [79] of the Award:

(a) In view of the defects, the Building sustained diminution in value (“the
DIV Finding”).

(b) The parties had agreed that the NSC’s Final Sub-Contract Sum was
$8,503,649.05.

57 Importantly, the Arbitrator also held that the diminution in value of the
Building would be the difference between “the value in terms of the works
supplied compared with the works contracted for” (see [80] of the Award). As
shown in [82] of the Award (see [55] above), in arriving at the diminution in
value, the Arbitrator took into account the defects confirmed in the Draft
Report (_ie_ , the 31 items of defects). In arriving at these conclusions
contained in the Award, the Arbitrator would have accepted the legal
proposition advanced by both sides that diminution in value of the work may be
equal to diminution in value of the Building (see [38] and [39] above).

58 The Arbitrator cited _Philips v Ward_ [1956] 1 WLR 471 (“ _Philips v Ward_
”) and _Watts v Morrow_ [1991] 1 WLR 1421 (“ _Watts v Morrow_ ”) as
illustrative authority. As to how to derive the value of work supplied, the
Arbitrator found guidance, as can be seen from [81] of the Award, from the
speech of Gibson LJ in _Watts v Morrow_. The Arbitrator quoted Gibson LJ at
1434–1435:

The task of the court is to award to a plaintiff that sum of money which will,
so far possible, put the plaintiff into as good a position as if the contract
for the survey had been properly fulfilled: see _per_ Denning LJ in _Philips v
Ward_ [1956] 1 WLR 471, 473. It is important to note that the contract in the
present case, as in _Philips v Ward_ was the usual contract for the survey of
a house for occupation with no special terms beyond the undertaking of the
surveyor to use proper care and skill in reporting on the condition of the
house.

The decision in _Philips v Ward_ was based upon that principle: in particular,
if the contract had been properly performed the plaintiff either would not
have bought, in which case he would have avoided any loss, or, after
negotiation, he would have paid the reduced price. In the absence of evidence
to show that any other or additional recoverable benefit would have been
obtained as a result of proper performance, the price will be taken to have
been reduced to the market price of the house in its true condition because it
cannot be assumed that the vendor would have taken less.

The cost of doing repairs to put right defects negligently not reported may be
relevant to the proof of the market price of the house in its true condition
(see _Steward v Rapley_ [1989] 1 E.G.L.R 159); and the cost of doing repairs
and the diminution in value may be shown to be the same. _If, however, the
cost of repairs would exceed the diminution in value, then the ruling in_
__Philips v Ward__ _, where it is applicable, prohibits recovery of the excess
because it would give to the plaintiff more than his loss_. It would put the
plaintiff in the position of recovering damages for breach of a warranty that
the condition of the house was correctly described by the surveyor and, in the
ordinary case as here, no such warranty has been given.

It is clear, and it was not argued to the contrary, that the ruling in
_Philips v Ward_ may be applicable to the case where the buyer has, after
purchase, extricated himself from the transaction by selling the property. In
the absence of any point on mitigation, the buyer will recover the diminution
in value together with costs and expenses thrown away in moving in and out and
of resale: see Romer LJ in _Philips v Ward_ [1956] 1 WLR 471, 478. I will not
here try to state the nature or extent of any additional recoverable items of
damage [emphasis is the Arbitrator’s]

59 The Arbitrator had earlier cited Romer LJ in _Philips v Ward_ in [80] of
the Award. Romer LJ at 477 said:

It appears to me that in order to arrive at a correct solution of the problem
in this case one has to compare the position into which the plaintiff was put
by the defendant’s failure to perform his duty with the position in which he
would have been had the defendant performed it; and in so far as the first
position is more unfavourable to the plaintiff than the second, and the
difference can be assessed in terms of money, then prima facie that assessment
is the measure of the defendant’s liability to the plaintiff.

By reason of the defendant’s inaccurate report, the plaintiff bought for
£25,000 what he believed to be property which was in good condition, only to
discover after he had bought it and moved in that it would require an
additional expenditure of £7,000 to put the property into the state which the
defendant had advised him that it was in already. The plaintiff accordingly
contends that he is entitled to recover more than £7,000, if the cost of the
necessary work to the property be taken at the date of the hearing before the
official referee, which he submits it should be, instead of 1952. At first
sight, there would seem to be much to be said in favour of the view that the
extra expenses with which the plaintiff was unexpectedly confronted is the
proper measure of the damage recoverable from the defendant-subject, possibly,
to some deduction for the fact that, as a result of the work done, the
plaintiff would have new material in the house instead of old. It is, however,
as I have already suggested, necessary to consider not only what did in fact
happen, but also what the plaintiff’s position would have been if the
defendant had performed his contract by sending in an accurate report as to
the condition of the property; and this position has to be considered in the
light of the official referee’s finding that the market price of the property,
after taking into account the defects which the defendant failed to disclose,
was £21,000. If the plaintiff had received a report which revealed these
defects, he would have known that he would have to spend £7,000 in addition to
finding the purchase money for the house. With this knowledge, he might have
decided that he would not buy the property at all, in which case he would have
kept his money in his pocket and had no house. (On this hypothesis his
ignorance of the defects may be said to have worsened his position to the
extent of £4,000, for he parted with £25,000 and became the possessor of
property worth only £21,000.) As an alternative to deciding not to buy the
house, with knowledge of its defects, he might have made up his mind to
purchase it at the reduced value of £21,000 and carry out the work which had
to be done, at the cost of £7,000. In that event, he would have had to spend
£28,000 instead of the £32,000 total expenditure which resulted from his
buying the property on the faith of the defendant’s report. On this hypothesis
also, then, his position was worsened to the extent of £4,000, namely, the
difference between £28,000 and £32,000. …

60 In [83] of the Award, the Arbitrator awarded to the Owner $3,401,459.62
being 40% of the Final Sub-Contract Sum as compensation for diminished value
of the Building as of the cut-off date of 18 July 2005 (“the DIV Award”) as
well as other sums which the Contractor had admitted. In [84] of the Award, he
also awarded the Contractor the sum of $2,056,306.54, being the sum of the
Contractor’s undisputed Counterclaim.

61 These consequential orders were also made:

(a) The amounts awarded to each of the parties to carry interest at the rate
of 5.33% per annum from 8 November 2001 to the date of the Award (“the
Interest Award”).

(b) The Owner and the Contractor were awarded costs on their claim and
Counterclaim, such costs to be agreed, failing which to be taxed (“the Costs
Award”).

(c) The fees and expenses of the Arbitrator and the costs and expenses of the
Award to be borne by the parties in the proportion of 60% by the Contractor
and 40% by the Owner (“the Arbitrator’s Costs Award”).

OS 790 to set aside the Award in part

62 The challenged part of the Award related to the DIV Finding and the DIV
Award (collectively “the DIV challenge”). The Arbitrator’s Costs Award seems
to correspond to the DIV Award and is, in principle, consequential on the
outcome of the DIV challenge. In any event, my comments on the Contractor’s
challenge to the Arbitrator’s Costs Award are to be found below. Many
arguments were raised in the oral and written submissions in the DIV
challenge. In this judgment, I propose to deal only with the key points of the
DIV challenge and the broad issues are briefly as follows:

(a) Whether the Arbitrator exceeded his jurisdiction by: (i) finding that the
Building sustained diminution in value; and (ii) making the DIV Award that
referenced damages based on 40% of the Final Sub-Contract Sum, which had not
been pleaded or referred to him for determination (_ie_ , the Jurisdiction
Issue).

(b) Whether the DIV Award should be set aside because there was no evidence or
reasons to support the Arbitrator’s conclusions that the Building had
sustained diminution in value and in making the DIV Award (“the Natural
Justice Issue 1”).

(c) Whether the Arbitrator failed to give the Contractor a fair hearing as it
was deprived of the opportunity to present its case on diminution in value,
namely: (i) the DIV Award was made on a basis not put to the parties; and (ii)
alternatively, it was made on the basis of the Owner’s May 2014 Submissions,
which the Contractor was not given the opportunity to address (“the Natural
Justice Issue 2”).

(d) Whether the Arbitrator failed to give the Contractor a fair hearing in
making the Interest Award (“the Natural Justice Issue 3”).

(e) Whether the Arbitrator failed to give the Contractor a fair hearing in
making the Costs Award and the Arbitrator’s Costs Award (“the Natural Justice
Issue 4”).

63 The Contractor also contended that as a result of the Arbitrator’s
misconduct of the arbitral proceedings, it had suffered prejudice.

64 The Contractor’s DIV challenge is brought under s 17(2) of the 1985 Act. It
is necessary to show that the approach of the Arbitrator in the proceedings
constituted misconduct of the proceedings within the meaning and scope of s
17(2) of the 1985 Act. The DIV challenge is disputed by the Owner on the basis
that none of the criteria of s 17(2) is satisfied in relation to the matter
this court is now considering and/or to the extent that s 17(2) is relied on.
In short, Mr Yeo contended that the Contractor was seeking to re-litigate the
substantive issues and merits in the arbitration.

Statutory framework of s 17 of the 1985 Act

65 Section 17 of the 1985 Act provides for recourse against arbitration awards
where the arbitrator had misconducted himself or the proceedings:

**Power to set aside award**

**17.** —(1) Where an arbitrator or umpire has misconducted himself or the
proceedings, the court may remove him.

(2) Where an arbitrator or umpire has misconducted himself or the proceedings,
or an arbitration or award has been improperly procured, the court may set
aside the award.

66 “Misconduct” for the purposes of s 17(2) of the 1985 Act refers to “a
mishandling of the arbitration, which may lead to some substantial miscarriage
of justice” (_Halsbury’s Laws of Singapore_ (Butterworths Asia, 1998) at para
20.127). A “mishandling of the arbitration” may include cases where the
arbitral tribunal acted in excess of jurisdiction, or where it committed a
breach of natural justice (see Judith Prakash J in _Koh Bros Building and
Civil Engineering Contractor Pte Ltd v Scotts Development (Saraca) Pte Ltd_
[2002] 2 SLR(R) 1063 (“ _Koh Bros_ ”) at [32]). The mere fact that a
“mishandling of the arbitration” occurred would not _ipso facto_ amount to
“misconduct” within s 17(2) of the 1985 Act; the mishandling must be shown to
be likely to cause an injustice that warrants correction.

67 The point is that s 17(2) of the 1985 Act is about due process, not whether
the tribunal reached the right conclusions. Section 17(2) is only to be
available in cases where the tribunal had gone so far wrong in its conduct of
the arbitration that the court would be expected to take action to correct the
injustice. Choo Han Teck JC (as he then was) stated in _John Holland Pty Ltd
(fka John Holland Construction & Engineering Pty Ltd) v Toyo Engineering Corp
(Japan)_ [2001] 1 SLR(R) 443 (“ _John Holland_ ”) (at [19]–[20]):

… The complaint, if valid, reveals no more than a plain error of law, or of a
mixed fact and law. That is … outside the ambit of s 17(2) of [the 1985 Act].
I am of the view that an error of this nature does not amount to misconduct.
_It is also my view that although the misconduct envisaged under s 17(2) is
not necessarily conduct of the wilful sort, it must nonetheless, be of a
serious nature that one can plainly see that justice was not done_.

…

… A mistaken view of the application of _Hadley v Baxendale_ , for example, is
an error of law that cannot be challenged. A mistaken calculation of the
number of days of delay is a mistake of fact which cannot be challenged. On
the other hand, if an arbitrator shows his draft award to one party without
showing it to the other before publication, that would, in my view, be
misconduct within s 17(2) of [the 1985 Act] and also a breach of the rules of
natural justice…

68 Plainly, errors of fact or law do not qualify as “misconduct”. This
statement of principle is articulated in s 28(1) of the 1985 Act which
provides that subject to s 28(2) (which allows for appeals to court on a
question of law arising out of the award), the court does not have the
jurisdiction to set aside or remit an award on an arbitration agreement on the
ground of errors of fact or law on the face of the award.

69 It has been accepted that arbitrators should not come to decisions which
surprise the parties. This oft-quoted passage in Mustill & Boyd, _Commercial
Arbitration_ (Butterworths, 2nd Ed, 1989) (“Mustill & Boyd”) encapsulates the
principle (at p 312):

If the arbitrator decides the case on a point which he has invented for
himself, he creates surprise and deprives the parties of their right to
address full arguments on the base which they have to answer.

70 However, this observation is to be viewed and understood in light of the
issues and circumstances of each case seeing that it will often not be
necessary for an arbitral tribunal to request submissions on every point in
its decision. The English Court of Appeal in _Carillion Construction Limited v
Devonport Royal Dockyard Limited_ [2005] EWCA Civ 1358 (“ _Carillion
Construction_ ”) explained (at [53]):

It is often not practicable for an adjudicator to put to the parties his
provisional conclusions for comment. _Very often those provisional conclusions
will represent some intermediate position, for which neither party was
contending._ It will only be in an _exceptional case_ … that an adjudicator’s
failure to put his provisional conclusions to the parties will constitute such
a serious breach of the rules of natural justice that the Court will decline
to enforce his decision. [emphasis added]

71 The Court of Appeal in _Soh Beng Tee & Co Pte Ltd v Fairmount Development
Pte Ltd_ [2007] 3 SLR(R) 66 (“ _Soh Beng Tee_ ”) considered the authorities
and distilled the following principles (at [65]):

(a) Parties to arbitration have, in general, a right to be heard effectively
on every issue that may be relevant to the resolution of a dispute. The
overriding concern, as Goff LJ aptly noted in _The Vimeira_ …, is fairness.
The best rule of thumb is to treat parties equally and allow them reasonable
opportunities to present their case as well as to respond. **_An arbitrator
should not base his decision(s) on matters not submitted or argued before him.
In other words, an arbitrator should not make bricks without
straw._**_Arbitrators who exercise unreasonable initiative without the
parties’ involvement may attract serious and sustainable challenges._

…

(d) The delicate balance between ensuring the integrity of the arbitral
process and ensuring that the rules of natural justice are complied with in
the arbitral process is preserved by strictly adhering to only the narrow
scope and basis for challenging an arbitral award that has been expressly
acknowledged under the Act and the [International Arbitration Act]. In so far
as the right to be heard is concerned, the failure of an arbitrator to refer
every point for decision to the parties for submissions is not invariably a
ground for challenge. Only in instances such as where the impugned decision
reveals a dramatic departure from the submissions, or involves an arbitrator
receiving extraneous evidence, or adopts a view wholly at odds with the
established evidence adduced by the parties, or arrives at a conclusion
unequivocally rejected by the parties as being trivial or irrelevant, might it
be appropriate for the court to intervene. _In short, there must be a real
basis for alleging that the arbitrator has conducted the arbitral process
either irrationally or capriciously_. … **_[T]he overriding burden on the
applicant is to show that a reasonable litigant in his shoes could not have
foreseen the possibility of reasoning of the type revealed in the award._** It
is only in these very limited circumstances that the arbitrator’s decision
might be considered unfair.

(e) It is almost invariably the case that parties propose diametrically
opposite solutions to resolve a dispute. They may expect the arbitrator to
select one of these alternative positions. The arbitrator, however, is not
bound to adopt an either/or approach. _He is perfectly entitled to embrace a
middle path (even without apprising the parties of his provisional thinking or
analysis) so long as it is based on evidence that is before him_. … [emphasis
added in italics and bold italics]

72 The Court of Appeal in _Soh Beng Tee_ cited extensively with approval the
principles set out in the New Zealand case of _Trustees of Rotoaira Forest
Trust v Attorney-General_ [1999] 2 NZLR 452. In that case, Fisher J opined
that the test of whether a particular decision reasonably flows from or may be
foreseen from parties’ arguments is to be tested on an objective basis. He
also explained (at 463):

… when it comes to ideas rather than facts, the overriding task for the
plaintiff is to show that a reasonable litigant in his shoes would not have
foreseen the possibility of reasoning of the type revealed in the award, and
further that with adequate notice it might have been possible to persuade the
arbitrator to a different result.

73 In sum, there is no misconduct constituting breach of natural justice
because an arbitrator comes to a conclusion which is not argued by either
party as long as that conclusion, on an objective assessment, reasonably flows
from or may be foreseen from parties’ arguments.

74 I come to the “no evidence rule”. The Contractor said that the “no evidence
rule” could be a “third pillar” of natural justice that had yet to be decided
by the Singapore courts. The “no evidence rule” was explained by Lord Diplock
in _R v Deputy Industrial Injuries Commissioner, ex parte Moore_ [1965] 1 QB
456 at 488 in an administrative law context:

The requirement that a person exercising quasi-judicial functions must base
his decision on evidence means no more than it must be based on material which
tends logically to show the existence or non-existence of facts relevant to
the issue to be determined, or to show the likelihood or unlikelihood of the
occurrence of some future event the occurrence of which would be relevant. It
means that he must not spin a coin or consult an astrologer, but he may take
into account any material which, as a matter of reason, has some probative
value… If it is capable of having any probative value, the weight to be
attached to it is a matter for the person to whom Parliament has entrusted the
responsibility of deciding the issue. The supervisory jurisdiction of the High
Court does not entitle it to usurp this responsibility and to substitute its
own view for his.

75 The “no evidence” rule was considered by the Federal Court of Australia in
_TCL Air Conditioner (Zhongshan) Co Ltd v Castel Electronics Pty Ltd_ [2014]
FCAFC 83 (“ _TCL Air Conditioner_ ”) in the context of international
commercial arbitration, and the court held at [83] and [112] that the making
of a factual finding without evidence in the context of international
commercial arbitration may in the appropriate case be characterised as a
breach of the rules of natural justice offending the fair hearing rule, but it
does not follow that lack of probative evidence (and so as to amount to error
of law) should without more be characterised as a breach of natural justice.
Caution was raised in _TCL Air Conditioner_ by Allsop CJ, Middleton and Foster
JJ who opined (at [113]) that the “no evidence” rule should not be used as a
disguise to rehear the facts or submissions in the case and thus a party
should be able to demonstrate the practical injustice suffered shortly without
a detailed re-examination of the facts. What is important is not the
application of formalistic rules, but whether “true practical injustice” had
been occasioned. In _Emerald Grain Australia Pty Ltd v Agrocorp International
Pte Ltd_ [2014] FCA 414, the “no evidence” rule was analysed from a public
policy perspective as a breach of natural justice would, under Australian law,
render an arbitral award in conflict with the public policy of Australia.

76 Whilst the status of the “no evidence” rule was expressly left open in two
High Court decisions (see _TMM Division Maritima SA de CV v Pacific Richfield
Marine Pte Ltd_ [2013] 4 SLR 972 (“ _TMM Division_ ”) at [118]–[120] and _AQU
v AQV_ [2015] SGHC 26 at [45]), there is no reason to consider this issue in
the present case. The outcome of OS 790 turns on different grounds. Besides,
there is a no compelling need to recognise the “no evidence” rule as a
separate free standing rule of natural justice. As stated, the focus of the
inquiry under s 17(2) is due process, and due process is to be examined in the
context of the fair hearing rule. In the context of “misconduct”, Mustill and
Boyd remarked (at p 561):

It is conceivable that where the state of the evidence is such as to show, not
merely that no reasonable arbitrator would reach a particular conclusion of
fact upon the basis of it, but also that there is _no evidence at all to
sustain the finding_ , the award can be attacked – either on the ground that
the arbitrator has acted unjudicially, _or on the ground that by deciding that
contrary to the obvious facts he has_** _taken the parties by surprise_** _,
and hence been_** _guilty of misconduct_**. [emphasis added in italics and
bold italics]

77 Another aspect of fairness in proceedings is the need for the arbitral
tribunal to give reasons for its decision. Under the 2002 Act and the
International Arbitration Act (Cap 143A, 2002 Rev Ed), an arbitral award must
state the reasons on which it is based unless parties have otherwise agreed.
While there is no similar provision in the 1985 Act, the provision of reasons
for a decision is a facet of fairness. As the Court of Appeal in _Thong Ah Fat
v Public Prosecutor_ [2012] 1 SLR 676 (“ _Thong Ah Fat_ ”) stated (at [15]):

… it has been acknowledged in all mature common law jurisdictions as an
_elementary principle of fairness_ that parties are not only to be given a
fair opportunity to be heard, but also apprised of how and why a judge has
reached his decision. [emphasis added]

78 Although the Court of Appeal in _Thong Ah Fat_ was referring to the
_judicial_ duty to give reasons, the court in _TMM Division_ found the
standards set out in _Thong Ah Fat_ “assistive indicia” to arbitrators. I
agree with the approach of the court in _TMM Division_. While it has been
suggested in _Prestige Marine Services Pte Ltd v Marubeni International
Petroleum (S) Pte Ltd_ [2012] 1 SLR 917 that the inadequate provision of
reasons by an arbitral tribunal is a mere error of law, the concept of
inadequacy exists within the bandwidth of a spectrum. As noted by the court in
_TMM Division_ (at [104]):

Even if some of an arbitral tribunal’s conclusions are bereft of reasons, that
is not necessarily fatal. There are a variety of reasons why an arbitral
tribunal may elect not to say something. In my view, the crux is whether the
contents of the arbitral award taken as a whole inform the parties of the
bases on which the arbitral tribunal reached its decision on the material or
essential issues: _Eagil Trust Co Ltd v Pigott-Brown_ [1985] 3 All ER 119 at
122. …

79 Hence, whether a given decision is sufficiently reasoned is a matter of
degree and must be considered in the circumstances of each case. Even if _no_
reasons were given in an arbitral award, this would not invariably cause the
award to be set aside for breach of natural justice.

80 For misconduct to constitute a breach of natural justice, and in order to
succeed in challenging the award as having been made in contravention of the
rules of natural justice, the Contractor must establish: (a) which rule of
natural justice was breached; (b) how it was breached; (c) in what way the
breach was connected to the making of the award; and (d) how the breach
prejudiced its rights (see _John Holland_ at [18] and _Soh Beng Tee_ at [29]).

81 On the test of prejudice in determining whether an arbitral award should be
set aside, the Court of Appeal in _LW Infrastructure Pte Ltd v Lim Chin San
Contractors Pte Ltd and another appeal_ [2013] 1 SLR 125 (“ _LW Infrastructure
(CA)_ ”) clarified the statement of “actual prejudice” in _Soh Beng Tee_ at
[65(f)] in its review of the matter in the context of s 48(1)(_a_)(vii) of the
2002 Act. For convenience, I set out the text of _Soh Beng Tee’s_ [65(f)]:

Each case should be decided within its own factual matrix. It must always be
borne in mind that it is not the function of the court to assiduously comb an
arbitral award microscopically in attempting to determine if there was any
blame or fault in the arbitral process; rather, an award should be read
generously such that only meaningful breaches of the rules of natural justice
that have actually caused prejudice are ultimately remedied.

82 As to the threshold of prejudice that must be crossed, the Court of Appeal
said (_LW Infrastructure (CA)_ at [50] and [54]):

… It is undoubtedly the case that not every breach of the rules of natural
justice will in itself amount to the required “prejudice” (see _Soh Beng Tee_
at [83] – [84]). In _Soh Beng Tee_ , this court was careful to state that
there must be some casual connection between the breach of natural justice and
the making of the award in order to establish actual or real prejudice. This
is reflected in _Soh Beng Tee_ at [86] and [91]…

…

… [T]he real inquiry is whether the breach of natural justice was merely
technical and inconsequential or whether as a result of the breach, the
arbitrator was denied the benefit of arguments or evidence that had a real as
opposed to a fanciful chance of making a difference to his deliberations. Put
another way, the issue is whether the material _could reasonably_ have made a
difference to the arbitrator; rather than whether it _would necessarily_ have
done so. Where it is evident that there is no prospect whatsoever that the
material if presented would have made any difference because it wholly lacked
any legal or factual weight, then it could not seriously be said that the
complainant has suffered actual or real prejudice in not having had the
opportunity to present this to the arbitrator (_cf Soh Beng Tee_ at [86]).
[emphasis in original]

83 Although _LW Infrastructure (CA)_ concerned the provisions of the 2002 Act,
in my reading of the authorities, the approach in _LW Infrastructure (CA)_ is
consistent with the earlier authorities under the 1985 Act (see for _eg_ ,
_John Holland_ at [19]–[20], _Koh Bros_ at [32], and _Anwar Siraj and another
v Ting Kang Chung and another_ [2003] 2 SLR(R) 287 at [40]) and sets out the
applicable test for prejudice required under s 17(2) of the 1985 Act.

84 Finally, in a setting aside application, the court may instead of setting
the award aside remit any of the matters referred to the arbitral tribunal for
reconsideration under s 16 of the 1985 Act.

85 With the relevant principles outlined above in mind, I now turn to the
issues which arise for this court’s determination in OS 790.

The Jurisdiction Issue

86 Paragraph [83] of the Award is where the Arbitrator awarded the Owner the
sum of $3,401,459.62 being 40% of the Final Sub-Contract Sum as compensation
for diminished value of the Building as of the cut-off date of 18 July 2005
(_ie_ , the DIV Award) as well as other sums which the Contractor had
admitted. In [84] of the Award, the Arbitrator awarded the Contractor the sum
of $2,056,306.54, being the sum of the Contractor’s undisputed Counterclaim
for the retention money. Hence, the net amount payable to the Owner (before
the Interest Award) was $1,491,934.26.

87 The Contractor considered the outcome of [83] of the Award as not a matter
that was pleaded or pursued in the Arbitration. Furthermore, the Arbitrator
exceeded his reference using a method of assessment which he did not put to
the parties and which neither party argued. Mr Singh submitted:[note: 21]

[The Owner] never pleaded or pursued a case that DIV of the Building could be
arrived at by taking the Final Sub-Contract Sum as the market value of the
Building, as contracted, then applying a percentage discount to that sum. No
one put forward, or could have put forward, any such case because it is not
known in law and even today no one is suggesting that it is permissible in
law. … Although the Arbitrator referred to the correct formula which was
premised on the difference between two values, he used the wrong starting
point of $8.5 million when no one had said that was the market value of the
Building, as contracted. He also had no second number, and simply applied a
60% discount plucked from thin air…

88 At first blush, Mr Singh’s contentions are attractive. However, with
respect, there is nothing to the excess of jurisdiction point upon closer
scrutiny of the Award read with the relevant documentary evidence before this
court. Let me elaborate.

89 The underlying claim was the breach of the Main Contract in relation to the
Sub-Contract Works. On ordinary principles, the innocent party is to be put in
the same position, so far as money can, as if there had been no breach. If
there was a breach and loss had been suffered, the question for determination
in the Arbitration was this: “What was the true amount of the loss suffered by
the innocent party?” In short, the Arbitrator’s reference was to decide on
liability and quantum of damages. Indeed, this was made clear by the Owner’s
general prayer for “loss and damage arising from defects” as stated in the
Arbitrator’s August 2007 directions (see [18] above).

90 The important distinction which must be borne in mind is between an
“erroneous exercise by an arbitral tribunal of an available power vested in it
(which would amount to no more than a mere error of law)” and the “purported
exercise by the arbitral tribunal of a power which it did not possess” (see
_CRW Joint Operation v PT Perusahaan Gas Negara (Persero) TBK_ [2011] 4 SLR
305 at [33]). Applying this distinction in the present case, the reference to
Arbitration gave the Arbitrator the power to determine the damages which
should be awarded to the Owner in the event he found that the NSC had
performed defective works for which the Contractor was liable under the Main
Contract. Specifically, the Owner had prayed for diminution in value of the
Building as an alternative relief.

91 As the Court of Appeal stated in _PT Prima International Development v
Kempinski Hotels SA and other appeals_ [2012] 4 SLR 98 (at [33]):

The role of pleadings in arbitration is to provide a convenient way for the
parties to define the jurisdiction of the arbitrator by setting out the
precise nature and scope of the disputes in respect of which they seek the
arbitrator’s adjudication.

92 The point that arises in relation to this jurisdiction issue as described
is in essence a pleading point – that the Arbitrator was confined to reaching
a decision on the issues identified between the parties by the pleadings filed
between them. As stated, the Owner’s re-amended Points of Claim included a
positive alternative claim based on diminution in value of the Building. Thus,
the real question in argument was whether the Owner had unequivocally
abandoned this alternative claim in the course of the Arbitration by advancing
on its submissions a case based on cost of cure alone, and if so, whether the
Arbitrator misconducted the proceedings by purporting to resolve the issue of
quantum on a basis of diminution in value of the Building that had been
unequivocally abandoned by January 2014.[note: 22] Mr Singh submitted that the
Arbitrator “descended into the arena” to revive what was not or no longer the
Owner’s case. It was contended that the articulation of the DIV Award in [83]
was hardly the same as the pleaded alternative claim and the DIV Award took
the parties by surprise.

93 It is true that the Owner’s main argument on quantum of damages was based
on cost of cure rather than on the alternative basis of diminution in value of
the Building on which the Owner in the DIV Award in fact succeeded on. Prior
to the February and April 2014 Directions, the Owner dealt with the cost of
cure as its primary relief. The Owner was not able to show otherwise and did
not deny this.

94 It is also true that the Owner saw evidential difficulty, not the absence
of a positive pleaded alternative claim, for not robustly advancing an
alternative claim based on diminution in value of the Building (see [35]
above). Nonetheless, the alternative claim was left open in case the
Arbitrator was not minded to award damages based on cost of cure. That was how
the Arbitrator saw it. After all, parties agreed that there were “some
defects”, and the Independent Expert was appointed to assist the Arbitrator in
identifying and assessing the defects. There is no doubt that it was within
the Arbitrator’s overall broad remit to decide on liability and quantum if the
Sub-Contract Works were defective, such that it caused the Building to suffer
a diminution in value.

95 Mr Singh relied on the case of _Nada Fadil Al-Medenni v Mars UK Limited_
[2005] EWCA Civ 1041 (“ _Al-Medenni_ ”) to press his point that the
Arbitrator’s February and April 2014 Directions seeking further submissions on
damages for diminution in value, were in excess of the Arbitrator’s
jurisdiction and remit, and was an unwarranted descent into the arena. In _Al-
Medenni_ , the claimant was injured by a reel of wrapping paper weighing about
10 kg, which fell from a machine above her as she was going about the course
of her employment. The claimant sued the employer for negligence. She pleaded
that one Mr Braich had negligently placed the reel of wrapping paper on the
machine. The defendant’s position was that the claimant herself had placed the
reel on the machine. During the course of the opening submissions, the Judge
suggested that there was another possibility – someone other than Mr Braich or
the claimant had placed the reel on the machine (“the third man theory”). This
suggestion was not taken up by the claimant or the defendant, and no cross-
examination of witnesses proceeded on that basis. However, in the claimant’s
closing submissions, the third man theory and the doctrine of _res ipsa
loquitur_ appeared to have been adopted as alternatives to her primary case
that Mr Braich was responsible. Although the Judge found for the claimant, he
did not accept that the claimant had proved that Mr Braich had placed the reel
on the machine. In his judgment, the reel was negligently placed on the
machine by another unidentified employee (_ie_ , the third-man theory). Dyson
LJ, with whom the other members of the English Court of Appeal agreed, stated
(at [19] and [21]):

19 I am in no doubt that the particulars of claim did not plead the third man
theory. The pleading, as supplemented by the further information, made it
clear that the claimant's case was that the reel had been placed on the
machine by Mr Braich and no one else. Furthermore, there was nothing in the
claimant's pleadings, witness statements or how the case was conducted on her
behalf to indicate that she was relying on _res ipsa loquitur_.

…

21 In my view the judge was not entitled to find for the claimant on the basis
of the third man theory. It is fundamental to our adversarial system of
justice that the parties should clearly identify the issues that arise in the
litigation, so that each has the opportunity of responding to the points made
by the other. The function of the judge is to adjudicate on those issues
alone. The parties may have their own reasons for limiting the issues or
presenting them in a certain way. The judge can invite, and even encourage,
the parties to recast or modify the issues. But if they refuse to do so, the
judge must respect that decision. One consequence of this may be that the
judge is compelled to reject a claim on the basis on which it is advanced,
although he or she is of the opinion that it would have succeeded if it had
been advanced on a different basis. Such an outcome may be unattractive, but
any other approach leads to uncertainty and potentially real unfairness.

96 _Al-Medenni_ is distinguishable on the facts. Unlike the third man theory
in _Al-Medenni_ , the Owner’s claim for diminution in value of the Building
featured in the pleadings. The parties also agreed at the Second Hearing that
they would, in their written submissions, address the Arbitrator on damages
for diminution in value of the Building after this measure of damages had been
raised as a possibility by the Arbitrator then.

97 I agree with Mr Yeo that the Owner had not abandoned unequivocally
diminution in value of the Building as an alternative basis of claim. This was
left open whilst the Owner advanced its primary case based on cost of
rectification. As stated in [94], that was how the Arbitrator saw it. In fact,
the Arbitrator had been told at the Second Hearing that “diminished value …
would relate to costs of rectification” and he was expecting to see written
submissions dealing with this. The history of the arbitral proceedings showed
that: (a) the Arbitrator wanted submissions on diminution in value and the
parties agreed at the Second Hearing to deal with the matter in their written
submissions (see [33] above); (b) the Arbitrator was not satisfied with the
submissions received after the Second Hearing; and (c) the Arbitrator sought
further submissions on diminution in value in his February 2014 Directions.
Viewed in context of points (a) to (c) and of the fact that the alternative
measure of damages was within a party’s pleading diminution and that
alternative measure of damages had not been unequivocally abandoned or
withdrawn by a party, an arbitral tribunal would not be acting in excess of
jurisdiction by requesting further submissions where in the tribunal’s view,
the matter had not been satisfactorily addressed. As will be elaborated in
[98]-[99] below, the Owner’s submissions as well as the Contractor’s
submissions before February 2014 Directions showed that the Owner had not
unequivocally abandoned diminution in value of the Building as an alternative
basis of claim. Furthermore, the Owner’s submissions in response to the
February and April 2014 Directions were largely within the line of argument
which Mr Yeo had advanced at the Second Hearing, _ie_ , that cost of
rectification could be applied within a diminution in value framework.

98 At the Second Hearing, Mr Yeo explained to the Arbitrator that even though
there was no evidence to show the market value of the Building, the Arbitrator
could base his decision on diminution in value using, in principle,
rectification costs. This was a point which the Owner again made in its
November 2013 Submissions, where the Owner stated that “[a]bsence of evidence
of diminution in value does not mean that there is no diminution in value”
(see [34] above).

99 That the Contractor formed and took a view of the Owner’s case on cost of
cure – that it was “all or nothing” – is not the point. Even though the
Contractor had submitted after the Second Hearing that there was never any
claim made by the Owner for diminution in market rental and that there was no
evidence of diminution in value of the Building either, the Arbitrator was
clearly told in the Contractor’s September 2013 Submissions that “in many
cases, diminution in value of the work may be equal to diminution in value of
the building” (see [39] above). That same proposition was made by the Owner
(see [38] above). It is beyond doubt that the Arbitrator accepted this simple
proposition in his Award and his decision stemmed from his acceptance and
finding on that point. As the Arbitrator saw it, despite the evidential
difficulty highlighted, he did not think that on the available evidence
damages based on diminution in value was impossible to quantify.

100 In the circumstances, it was thus reasonable, and entirely within the
Arbitrator’s remit, to seek submissions on diminution in value which the
Arbitrator had raised at the Second Hearing. In my view, given the state of
affairs _prior_ to the Arbitrator issuing his February 2014 Directions (see
[35], [39], [94] and [97] -[98] above), the Owner had not unequivocally
abandoned its alternative pleaded claim for diminution in value of the
Building (unlike its express withdrawal of its claim for recladding (see [18]
above)).

101 I return to Mr Singh’s contention that the Arbitrator exceeded his
jurisdiction in making the DIV Award in the _manner_ and on the _basis_ which
he did (see [87] above). The Arbitrator was criticised for making findings of
fact that had nothing to do with the market value of the Building as
contracted for and the market value of the Building as supplied. In reality,
Mr Singh’s submissions go to the _substance_ of the DIV Award in that the
contention is that the Arbitrator made an error by making use of the Final
Sub-Contract Sum. This type of error (assuming there was an error) is plainly
not misconduct that would go to the Arbitrator’s jurisdiction.

102 To the extent that the award was erroneous on the basis of legal
principle, the following passage in Mustill & Boyd, which was cited with
approval in the House of Lords decision of _Lesotho Highlands Development
Authority v Impregilo SpA and others_ [2006] 1 AC 221at [25], is instructive
(at p 550):

If … [the arbitrator] applies the correct remedy, but does so in an incorrect
way – for example by miscalculating the damages which the submission empowers
him to award – then there is no excess of jurisdiction. An error, however
gross, in the exercise of his powers does not take an arbitrator outside his
jurisdiction and this is so whether his decision is on a matter of substance
or procedure.

103 Mr Singh quoted _AKN and another v ALC and others and other appeals_
[2015] 3 SLR 488 (“ _AKN v ALC_ ”) at [72] where the Court of Appeal stated
that an example of an act in excess of jurisdiction would be where an arbitral
tribunal “makes an arbitral award that neither party requested”. However, the
“request” referred to by the Court of Appeal in _AKN v ALC_ relates back to
the terms of the tribunal’s reference and the pleadings. Plainly, the Owner
had requested, in its pleadings, for an award of damages for breach of
contract, and specifically, an award of damage on the basis of diminution in
value of the Building in the alternative.

104 I make two other points in relation to the argument that the DIV Award was
unexpected and neither party had requested it. It was said that neither party
had made submissions on the use of the Final Sub-Contract Sum, or that a
percentage of the Final Sub-Contract Sum could be taken as the quantum of
damages for diminution in value of the Building. This same contention was
repeated in the complaint of breach of natural justice.

105 The first point is the Arbitrator’s use of the Final Sub-Contract Sum
which nobody had raised and was said to be a wholly unexpected outcome. This
contention lacks credence seeing that the Final Sub-Contract Sum was raised by
the Contractor itself in its May 2014 Submissions, in response to the
Arbitrator’s April 2014 Directions, and in the context of the Final Sub-
Contract Sum being used as the value of the works contracted for (see [43]
above). Having put the Final Sub-Contract Sum explicitly before the
Arbitrator, it is a bad point to take that “neither party made submissions on
the Final Sub-Contract Sum being taken as the first value”. The Final Sub-
Contract Sum was put forward as one of the values for consideration.

106 The second point is the percentage figure of 40% in the DIV Award. It is
true that the Arbitrator did not spell out how and where he derived the
percentage figure of 40%. However, this does not mean that the Arbitrator had
“applied a 60% discount plucked from thin air” (see [87] above) if the DIV
Award is examined in light of the legal principles the Arbitrator took pains
to reproduce in the Award. Let me elaborate.

107 While the Arbitrator may have awarded damages for diminution in value of
the Building on the basis of a percentage of the Final Sub-Contract Sum, this
was not an approach which was out of line with the legal principle stated at
[80] of the Award (_ie_ , that diminution in value is the difference between
the value of the works supplied as compared to the value of the works
contracted for). Reading the Award, the Arbitrator applied the stated legal
principles and came to the view that the Sub-Contract Works were only worth
60% of what the Owner had actually paid for it (and hence, found the
diminished value of the Building to be 40% of that). He arrived at the view
that the Sub-Contract Works were worth only 60% of the Final Sub-Contract Sum
by taking into account the rectification costs of the 31 defects which he
found to have existed at [27] of the Award.

108 It seems to me that the Arbitrator worked out the diminution in value
adopting the approach set out in _Watts v Morrow_ and _Philips v Ward_ (see
[58] and [59] above) and made use of the rectification costs of the 31 items
of defects based on information contained in the PowerPoint slides (“the
Slides”) that were included in the Owner’s May 2014 Submissions. The Owner had
previously shown the Slides to the Arbitrator who was taken through the Slides
at the Second Hearing on 9 July 2013.[note: 23] The Slides showed a breakdown
of the costs, the repair method and the rates from Tender 1. From this
breakdown, the rectification costs for the 31 defects would add up to
approximately $3.35m. The Arbitrator would have applied the concept of a
reduction in price which Gibson LJ articulated in _Watts v Morrow_ by reducing
the Final Sub-Contract Sum with this value of $3.35m in mind to obtain the
putative market value of the Sub-Contract Works at approximately $5.15m which
amounts to 60.5% of the Final Sub-Contract Sum. This approach as described was
probably how the Arbitrator derived damages for diminished value of the
Building at 40% of the Final Sub-Contract Sum being approximately $3.4m.

109 The Contractor’s September 2013 Submissions, after the Second Hearing, had
referred to the Slides and made comments in relation thereto. Annexed at Tab
22 of its September 2013 Submissions was a document entitled “Reply to [the
Owner’s] Slides tendered at the Hearing of 9 July 2013”.[note: 24] The
Contractor did not deal with the breakdown of the cost of rectification of
each item shown in the Slides, but argued from an overall and general basis
that the extent of the defects must first be determined before a reasonable
calculation of the repair costs could be made. In the main body of the
Contractor’s September 2013 Submissions, the Arbitrator was told to be “very
circumspect about the submissions made in [the Owner’s] Reply, [the Owner’s]
Executive Summary and in [the Owner’s] Oral Submissions, in particular most of
all the Slides presented at the Hearing”. The Contractor further said that
“almost every Slide distort[s] the opinion of the tribunal’s expert, … and the
agreements reached between the experts in respect of the [Appendix] A1.1 items
by excluding relevant excerpts from [the Independent Expert’s] opinion and the
agreement between the experts to present an utterly inaccurate and misleading
record of [the Independent Expert’s] opinion and the agreement between the
parties’ experts …”. The Contractor concluded that the extent of the alleged
loss, including cost of rectification, was not proven. Notwithstanding the
Contractor’s arguments, the Arbitrator preferred the Owner’s submissions.

110 In conclusion, the Arbitrator, in finding that the Building had sustained
diminution in value and awarding damages on that basis, did not act in excess
of jurisdiction. For the reasons stated, the Jurisdiction Issue fails.

A breach of natural justice that constitutes misconduct

111 Before considering the DIV Award and the Contractor’s specific complaints
about it in more detail, it bears stating again that the focus of the inquiry
under s 17(2) is due process, not the correctness of the Arbitrator’s
decision. Hence, the court’s inquiry is on whether there was due process: did
the Arbitrator fail to give the parties the opportunity to address points,
facts or arguments which occurred to the Arbitrator but had not been raised by
the parties? This point that s 17(2) is about due process, not whether the
tribunal reached the right conclusions, is of particular importance in the
present case, where upon close analysis, the Contractor’s real complaint is
that the Arbitrator reached the wrong result.

Natural Justice Issues 1 and 2

112 The same grounds raised in the Jurisdiction Issue are being relied upon to
set aside the DIV Award for breach of natural justice. This is not surprising
since the grounds do overlap considerably.

113 The Contractor argued that anyone reading the DIV Award would not be able
to understand the basis on which the Arbitrator reached his decision since the
DIV Award was so bereft of reasons, “completely out of the ballpark and
arbitrary”. The Arbitrator had asked for submissions on the NSC’s tender price
but ended up using the Final Sub-Contract Sum. The Contractor argued that
“neither party made submissions on the Final Sub-Contract Sum being taken as
the first value” or that a percentage of the Final Sub-Contract Sum could be
taken as the quantum of damages for diminution in value of the Building. In
addition, there was no evidence to support the DIV Award; the Contractor had
not been given the opportunity to respond to the “new case” based on doctrine
of abatement raised in the Owner’s May 2014 Submissions and there was a lack
of reasons for the DIV Award, which reinforced the startling and unexpected
outcome of the Arbitration. It is the final holding of damages for diminished
value of the Building that the Contractor submits constituted a breach of
natural justice.

114 I will first deal with the allegation that the Contractor was not given an
opportunity to respond to the Owner’s “new case” that was raised in the
Owner’s May 2014 Submissions. The Contractor had sought leave from the
Arbitrator to reply to the Owner’s May 2014 Submissions. Leave was not
granted. The Arbitrator made a clear decision that he did not require further
assistance and submissions from the Contractor. That was the end of the
discussion as far as the Arbitrator was concerned. The fact that he did not
preclude the parties from agreeing between themselves to make further
submissions was not the point and it did not controvert the decision he had
made.

115 Even if this case management decision could be characterised as a breach
of natural justice, the Contractor would not have suffered any prejudice. The
threshold prejudice required to set aside for breach of natural justice is
explained in _LW Infrastructure (CA)_ (see [82] above). The Contractor must
show that the alleged breaches of natural justice were not merely technical or
inconsequential.

116 The Contractor submitted that it would have made submissions on the points
below had it been given an opportunity to respond:[note: 25]

(a) The award of a percentage sum of the Final Sub-Contract Sum as damages
should be reconsidered.

(b) The values of diminution in value of the Sub-Contract Works and diminution
in value of the Building are different and cannot be equated.

(c) Evidence of diminution in value of the Building was required to show that
the defects in the Sub-Contract Works affected the value of the property. The
Owner cannot simply rely on what Mr Yeo had said at the Second Hearing as this
was not admissible evidence.

(d) There was no evidence to support a figure of 40% of the Final Sub-Contract
Sum as damages.

(e) The concept of abatement and _Multiplex_ were inapplicable as abatement
had not been pleaded and can only be applied as a defence.

(f) The appropriate discount for betterment and for leave to adduce evidence
on the same.

(g) The Owner cannot rely solely on the cost of rectification without evidence
of other factors to calculate diminution in value because this amounts to a
conflation of two entirely different heads of damage.

Points (b), (c), (e), (f) and (g) echoed the matters stated in Mr Thambiayah’s
letter of 4 June 2014, where he sought leave to respond to the Owner’s May
2014 Submissions.[note: 26] I have already dealt with points (a) and (d) when
discussing the Jurisdiction Issue in [105] to [109] above and I adopt the
matters stated there as applying equally to the complaints of breach of
natural justice in the present case.

117 In my judgment, the Contractor had ample opportunity to make and had in
fact made the submissions in respect of points (b), (c), (d), (e ), (f) and
(g) above in the Arbitration. Let me elaborate.

118 As regards points (b) and (c), the Contractor had made its counter-
submissions to the Owner’s case that the Arbitrator should use the evidence on
the rectification costs with a discount for betterment to derive the quantum
of damages for diminution in value of the Building. The Contractor’s counter
submissions were not accepted by the Arbitrator. In reality, the Contractor’s
case for setting aside is that the Arbitrator was wrong in not accepting its
submissions. At the highest, this is an allegation that the Arbitrator made an
error of law or fact, and does not provide grounds for the setting aside of
the DIV Award.

119 One related objection to the Arbitrator’s legal approach concerned the
fact that the Owner had sought in its pleadings diminution in value of the
Building, and not diminution in value of the Sub-Contract Works. In my
judgment, there was no failure of due process or breach of natural justice
here because the Arbitrator had given the both parties a chance to comment on
an award for diminution in value of the Sub-Contract Works pursuant to his
April 2014 Directions. Even at that stage, the Contractor had already made the
argument that diminution in value of the Building could not be equated with
diminution in value of the Sub-Contract Works. In fact, the Contractor’s
submissions in 2014 showed a shift in its position that contradicted its
earlier submissions in September 2013 where the Contractor had said that “[i]n
many cases, diminution in value of the work _may be equal to_ diminution in
value of the building” [emphasis added] (see [39] above). In contrast, the
Owner took the position that diminution in value of the Sub-Contract Works
could amount and would be equivalent to diminution in value of the
Building:[note: 27]

Further, [the Contractor’s] distinction between diminution in value of the
_Sub-Contract Works_ and of the _Building_ is superficial insofar as it
relates to any and all relevant evidence presented in this regard, given that
the Sub-Contract Works are _part of_ the Building, and parties are arguing
about diminution in value _as a consequence of the same defects_. [emphasis in
original]

120 As early as the Second Hearing, it was Mr Yeo’s submission that
“diminished value … would relate to costs of rectification”. This was a
submission repeated in the Owner’s submissions dated 12 November 2013, and the
Owner’s March 2014 Submissions. The Contractor had more than ample opportunity
to, and did in fact make contrary submissions (see [39]–[40] above). It was in
the Owner’s May 2014 Submissions in response to the April 2014 Directions that
the Owner suggested that the Arbitrator could abate or reduce the price of the
Sub-Contract Works in order to account for diminished value of the Building,
with the amount to be abated decided by reference to Tender 1 with a discount
for betterment (see [37] above). Mr Singh argued that to the extent that the
Arbitrator relied on the Owner’s May 2014 Submissions to arrive at the DIV
Award, this was a breach of the fair hearing rule because the Contractor was
not given an opportunity to respond to the Owner’s “new case” and that the DIV
Award should be set aside on that basis. I do not accept this contention for
the reasons stated at [123]–[125] below.

121 Hence, the Contractor’s objection on this count was a matter that was
squarely before the Arbitrator, and the Arbitrator had already the benefit of
submissions from both parties. The Arbitrator awarded damages based on
diminution in value of the Building, and not the Sub-Contract Works, which was
in line with the Owner’s submissions and in fact, the Contractor’s September
2013 Submissions. The fact that he preferred and decided to adopt these
submissions could not be said to be a breach of natural justice, and indeed a
contrary finding would be an unwarranted and impermissible intrusion into the
merits of the decision. As stated, misconduct in s 17(2) of the 1985 Act is
about due process, and errors of fact or law on the face of the award is not
indicative of misconduct of the arbitral process.

122 Specifically with respect to point (f), the Contractor already knew – if
not after the Second Hearing, then at least after the Owner’s March 2014
Submissions (see [35] –[36] above) – that the Owner was proposing to the
Arbitrator that he should apply a “betterment discount” on the rectification
costs adduced in evidence to arrive at a value for damages for diminution in
value. The Contractor had in fact addressed the issue of betterment in its
September 2013 Submissions. It was open to the Contractor at all material
times to make submissions on the appropriate discount to be applied for
betterment, if the Arbitrator was minded to do so. Having taken a strategic
decision not to do so at these various junctures, the Contractor cannot be
heard to allege that procedural injustice had occurred. To the extent that Mr
Thambiayah in his June 2014 letter sought leave to press home the point that
there was no evidence that related to the market value of the Building, this
was not a point that was disputed by the Owner, and was a point which the
Arbitrator had already been informed of umpteen times. It is clear from
context of the Arbitration that in issuing the April 2014 Directions, the
Arbitrator would have put the point aside for a moment until he heard from the
parties on his directions.

123 On abatement in point (e), although the Owner had introduced “abatement”
in its May 2014 Submissions, its argument in the application of this concept
was fully in line with what its case had been since the Second Hearing, _ie_ ,
that it is legally permissible for Tender 1 to be used as evidence for
diminution in value of the Building. The concept of abatement of price was
introduced only to address the Arbitrator’s question of whether the NSC’s
tender could be used for determining the diminished value of the Sub-Contract
Works. In other words, the Owner used the concept of abatement in order to fit
what it had already been submitting since the Second Hearing to match the
Arbitrator’s queries in the April 2014 Directions; the essence of the Owner’s
submissions remained consistent with its earlier submissions, of which the
Contractor had been given a full opportunity to respond to. From this
perspective, there was really no “new case”.

124 The Contractor’s submission that abatement can never be used as a sword,
but is only relevant as a defence, is not entirely correct. There have been
instances where abatement was used as a sword. In _Chong Ah Kwee and another v
Viva Realty Pte Ltd_ [1990] 1 SLR(R) 244 (“ _Chong Ah Kwee_ ”) and _Ling Kai
Seng and another v Outram Realty Pte Ltd_ [1991] 1 SLR(R) 885, decisions of
Chan Sek Keong J (as he then was) and Goh Joon Seng J respectively, were cases
where the court allowed the purchaser to reclaim moneys which it had overpaid
by way of a proportionate abatement of price where property had been sold with
an inaccurate and inflated estimated floor area. The force of the Contractor’s
submission that there was a failure of procedural fairness because it had been
deprived of the chance to show that abatement could only be employed as a
defence to a claim is considerably weakened. It is also not clear from the
evidence that at the material time in June 2014, the Contractor would have
made the submission that abatement could only be used as a defence. Mr
Thambiayah’s letter of 4 June 2014 merely states, to support his argument that
leave should be granted for the Contractor to reply to the Owner’s May 2014
Submissions, that:[note: 28]

… In relation to the doctrine of abatement it is the fact that this has never
been raised by [the Owner] in ALL its previous submissions. I also point out
that [the Owner] relies on new material in support of this new case –
_Multiplex Construction (UK) Ltd v Cleveland Bridge_ and Keating on
Construction Contracts…

The Contractor’s _ex post facto_ statement that it would have made the
submission that abatement could only be relied on as a defence would not
assist the Contractor.

125 Besides, the Arbitrator did not rely on either _Multiplex_ or _Keating on
Construction Contracts_ in the Award. It therefore could not be said that
anything that the Contractor might have submitted on the doctrine of abatement
would have had a reasonable chance of making a difference to the eventual
Award. The breach of natural justice, if any (and in my judgment, there was
none), did not cause any significant prejudice to the Contractor.

126 Points (a) and (d) at [116] above concern the Arbitrator’s use of a
percentage of 40% of the Final Sub-Contract Sum to obtain the quantum of
damages for diminution in value. I will adopt and repeat here my explanation
and understanding on how the Arbitrator came to use the Final Sub-Contract Sum
(see [107]–[108] above).

127 Still on point (d), as stated, the Arbitrator arrived at the quantum of
the diminished value of the Building with reference to the evidence adduced on
the rectification costs in line with the Owner’s submissions; it follows from
this analysis that the Contractor’s submission that the DIV Award was not
supported by evidence is untenable. As stated, the evidence which the
Arbitrator based his decision on included the evidence of defects in the
Building, the evidence of the nature, extent and causes of the defects, the
evidence of the costs of rectification, and the evidence of the NSC’s Final
Sub-Contract Sum. It is also pertinent that the Contractor had made this
submission of lack of evidence to support diminution in value of the Building,
_inter alia_ , at the Second Hearing and in its September 2013 Submissions
(see [33] and [39] above). It is plain that the Arbitrator did not accept the
Contractor’s submission that there was no evidence for diminution in value and
instead proceeded on the basis, as submitted by the Owner, that he was
entitled to refer to the rectification costs adduced by the Owner in awarding
damages for diminution in value of the Building. Whilst the Arbitrator
rejected cost of cure as a _prima facie_ measure of damage, it does not
necessarily follow from that that he was required to reject the entire
evidence introduced to support that measure of damage, such as Tender 1, in
applying diminution in value as a measure of damage to only 31 items where the
breakdown of the repair costs for the 31 items were available from the Slides.
In light of the aforesaid, the Arbitrator held that the Sub-Contract Works
were only worth 60% of what the Owner had actually paid for it. That is to
say, the value of the work as contracted for being the Final Sub-Contract Sum
and the value of the work as performed being 60% of the Final Sub-Contract
Sum, with the diminished value being 40% of that.

128 The finding that the Building had decreased in value as a result of the
faulty Sub-Contract Works was a finding of fact which, on the evidence before
him, such as the Independent Expert’s opinion, the Arbitrator was entitled to
come to. The Contractor’s complaint in respect of this finding, at the
highest, only comes to the point that the Arbitrator made an error of fact,
which does not amount to a breach of natural justice constituting misconduct
under the 1985 Act.

129 For the reasons stated, the DIV Award is sufficiently reasoned and is also
“reasonable either as a matter of inference or from the arguments made” before
the Arbitrator (see _Pacific Recreation Pte Ltd v S Y Technology Inc and
another appeal_ [2008] 2 SLR(R) 491 at [33]). The Arbitrator’s decision in
respect of both the DIV Finding and the DIV Award are supportable and are far
from arbitrary and capricious.

130 Lastly for completeness, the Arbitrator was and is an experienced and well
regarded arbitrator with extensive expertise in the area of construction
disputes. The parties had intended to rely on the Arbitrator’s expertise to
come to a fair and expeditious resolution of the dispute. These observations
by Colman J in _Bulfracht (Cyprus) Ltd v Boneset Shipping Co Ltd (“The
Pamphilos”)_ [2002] 2 Lloyd’s Rep 681 speak directly to the point at hand (at
687):

[A]rbitrators [are] appointed because of their professional, legal, commercial
or technical expertise and the parties take the risk that, in spite of that
expertise, errors of fact may be made or invalid inferences drawn without
proper warning. It needs to be emphasized that in such cases there is simply
no irregularity, serious or otherwise. What has happened is simply an ordinary
incident of the arbitral process based on the arbitrator’s power to make
findings of fact relevant to the issues between the parties.

131 In summary, I find that there was due process and the challenge under s
17(2) for breach of natural justice constituting misconduct fails. In any
event, even if it was a procedural wrong to disallow the Contractor from
replying to the Owner’s May 2014 Submissions, this did not cause any prejudice
to the Contractor which would justify a setting aside of the DIV Award.

Natural Justice Issue 3: The Interest Award

132 In the present case, the Arbitrator awarded interest at the same rate to
run from the same date in respect of _both_ parties’ successful claims (_ie_ ,
8 November 2001). The Contractor did well despite seeking a lower interest on
its Counterclaim from March 2003 onwards.[note: 29] Hence, the Contractor has
taken issue only with the interest awarded to the Owner arguing that interest
should run from the “cut-off date of 18 July 2005” which was rather odd since
that “cut-off date” of 18 July 2005 referred to the Owner’s agreement not to
claim for defects arising after the date so as to expedite the Arbitration.
This does not necessarily mean that the Interest Award should run from the
cut-off date.

133 The Contractor had made submissions on the interest to be awarded in
respect of its Counterclaim in at least four separate submissions.[note: 30]
Yet, it did not make submissions on the interest to be awarded to the Owner in
the event the Owner succeeded on its claim. Having not done so (and it does
not appear that the Contractor had reserved its right to make submissions on
interest), it is now too late for the Contractor to complain about want of
procedural fairness. At para 324–325 in the Contractor’s written submissions
filed in OS 790, the Contractor raised a host of potential arguments it might
have made before the Arbitrator, which it posits might have brought about a
different outcome. Practically all of these “potential” arguments go back to
the Contractor’s submission that there was no evidence for the DIV Award. They
were all arguments which had been made before the Arbitrator and he had
rejected them. It follows from this that the Arbitrator was entitled to award
interest to the winning party from 8 November 2001.

134 It seems to me that the challenge here is against the wrongful exercise of
the Arbitrator’s discretion as to interest. It is undisputed that an award of
interest is at the discretion of the arbitral tribunal (see for eg, _Ahong
Construction (S) Pte Ltd v United Boulevard Pte Ltd_ [1994] 3 SLR(R) 669 at
[19]–[21]). The point is that s 17(2) is not applicable here because the
complaint in essence is nothing more than a failure to apply the correct
principles governing the exercise of the Arbitrator’s discretion. Put another
way, the Interest Award cannot be set aside for an error of fact or law.

135 The Contractor’s application to set aside the Interest Award hence fails.

Natural Justice Issue 4: The Costs and Arbitrator’s Costs Award

136 The Contractor argued that it was denied an opportunity to make
submissions on costs, and that if it had been given a chance to submit, it
would have argued that costs should not necessarily follow the event because:

(a) The Contractor had made certain Calderbank offers which were higher than
the sum which the Owner was eventually awarded under the DIV Award.

(b) The Owner had pursued a claim solely based on cost of rectification, and
diminution in value of the Building was only raised late in the day by the
Arbitrator.

(c) Damages for diminution in value of the Building were determined at 40% of
the Final Sub-Contract Sum. There was no reason or basis why the Contractor
should be liable for the Arbitrator’s costs and expenses in a greater
percentage than was found in respect of the diminished value of the Building.

137 The Contractor also pointed to the fact that both parties had, in their
written submissions tendered in the Arbitration, reserved their position as to
costs. I cite one illustrative example from both sets of submissions:

(a) In the Contractor’s submissions dated 3 December 2013, it submitted that
the Arbitrator should make an award in its favour and “reserve jurisdiction to
deal with costs [as] neither party has served any submissions on liability for
and quantum of costs”.[note: 31]

(b) In the Owner’s submissions dated 30 December 2013 (being a response to the
Contractor’s 3 December 2013 submissions), it requested the Arbitrator, at
para 27, to “make the following findings in its Final Awards (on the merits,
save as to costs)”.[note: 32]

138 Section 6 of the 1985 Act provides that in an arbitration agreement,
unless a contrary intention is expressed therein, the provisions of the First
Schedule of the 1985 Act are applicable to the reference under the arbitration
agreement. Paragraph 7 of the First Schedule to the 1985 Act then states that:

The costs of the reference and award shall be in the discretion of the
arbitrators or umpire, who may direct to and by whom and in what manner those
costs or any part thereof shall be paid, and may tax or settle the amount of
costs to be so paid or any part thereof, and may award costs to be paid as
between solicitor and client.

139 It is clear from s 6 read with para 7 of the First Schedule that an award
of costs for the reference and the award is in the discretion of the
Arbitrator in the present arbitration, which is an _ad hoc_ one and not
governed by any prescribed rules. It has been held by the Court of Appeal in
_Chin Yoke Choong Bobby and another v Hong Lam Marine Pte Ltd_ [1999] 3 SLR(R)
907 at [28]–[29] that the provision confers a “wide discretion”. The phrase
“costs of the reference and award” would include party and party costs,
solicitor and client costs, and as well as the tribunal’s fees and expenses
(see also Mustill & Boyd at p 400). The discretion to award costs, as in the
case of interest, is one that should be exercised judicially.

140 The effect of para 7 of the First Schedule of the 1985 Act (which is _in
pari materia_ with s 18(1) of the English Arbitration Act 1950 (c 27) (UK)) is
explained further in Mustill & Boyd at p 394–396:

Unless the arbitration agreement otherwise provides, the costs of the award
and of the reference are within the discretion of the arbitrator, who may
direct by and to whom and in what manner these costs or any part of them shall
be paid.

…

Although the Act gives the arbitrator a full discretion as to costs, his
exercise of the discretion is limited to this extent, that he must apply the
same principles when deciding upon his award of costs as are applied in the
High Court. This means that the discretion must be exercised judicially: the
arbitrator must confine his attention strictly to facts connected with or
leading up to the litigation which have been proved before him or which he has
himself observed during the progress of the case, and must not take into
account conduct unconnected with the cause of action …

The practice of the High Court is that “costs follow the event”: i.e. that in
the ordinary way, the successful party should receive his costs. The
arbitrator must apply the same principle. … But the arbitrator should not
depart from the rule that costs follow the event without substantial reasons,
he should always bear in mind the duty to act judicially, by excluding his
mind from any matter not strictly connected with the arbitration. If he is
minded to depart from the rule he should give the parties an opportunity to
address him on costs before he makes his award: but failure to do so will not
invalidate his award if the parties ought to have contemplated a special award
as to costs.

141 It is clear from the facts that both parties had requested the Arbitrator
to reserve his jurisdiction to hear parties on costs if either of them won on
the main claim. As the Arbitrator saw it, the Owner won and costs followed the
event. Arguably, in deciding not to hold a hearing on costs, the Arbitrator
was exercising his discretion having read the submissions to reserve costs as
outlined in [137] above. Importantly, there has been no complaint that the
Arbitrator, in exercising his discretion to make an award on costs, acted in
excess of jurisdiction when both sides had asked for costs to be held over.
While it may be said that in so exercising his discretion on costs in the face
of parties’ submissions for costs to be held over, the Arbitrator committed an
error of law and/or fact, this error does not amount to misconduct within the
meaning of s 17(2) of the 1985 Act.

142 The Contractor’s submissions at [136(b)] and [136(c)] above were without
merit. A claim for damages for diminution in value of the Building was a claim
which remained on the Owner’s pleadings at all times, and I have found that it
was within the Arbitrator’s jurisdiction to make an award of damages on that
basis. The fact that the award of damages was 40% of the Final Sub-Contract
Sum did not detract from the fact that the Arbitrator found that: (a) the
Contractor was liable for the defects in the Sub-Contract Works; and (b) the
Building suffered diminution in value of a more than nominal sum. The Owner
was therefore successful on its claim against the Contractor, and the
Contractor had similarly been successful in its Counterclaim against the
Owner. It is also pertinent to note the Owner had succeeded on the issue of
liability, and that although the Arbitrator did not award damages on the basis
of cost of cure, the arguments and material presented in respect of that
measure of damage in the Arbitration were nonetheless necessary and featured
in the Arbitrator’s finding on liability, the DIV Finding and the DIV Award.
It was therefore well within the Arbitrator’s wide discretion as to costs and
the established principle that costs follow the event to decide that he did
not need further assistance or arguments on the issue of costs and to award
the Owner costs on its claim, and the Contractor costs on its Counterclaim.

143 I also mentioned earlier that the Arbitrator’s Costs Award would follow
the outcome of the application to set aside the DIV Award. Suffice to say that
the Arbitrator’s Costs Award reflected in percentage terms the value of the
work as performed being 60% of the Final Sub-Contract Sum. Crucially, the
Contractor had, at all material times, contested its liability to the Owner on
its claims for breach of contract while the Owner had, at an early stage,
admitted liability on the Contractor’s Counterclaim. Furthermore, the total
sum awarded to the Owner inclusive of interest in the Award amounted to
approximately $5.9m. The Contractor was awarded a total sum, inclusive of
interest, of $3.4m. Setting off the awards on the claim and the Counterclaim,
the net sum payable from the Contractor to the Owner under the Award is $2.5m.
Taking all these into account, it was well in line with the Arbitrator’s “wide
discretion” under the 1985 Act and the principle that costs follow the event
for the Arbitrator hold that the Contractor should bear 60% of the
Arbitrator’s fees and expenses.

144 Thus, any complaint with respect to the Costs Award and Arbitrator’s Costs
Award would pertain to an error in the application of the Arbitrator’s
discretion, which, put at the highest, would amount to only an error of law or
fact for which neither setting aside nor remission would be granted (see s
28(1) of the 1985 Act). In such a situation, the only possible recourse to the
courts is via s 28(2) of the 1985 Act through the formulation of a question of
law arising out of the Award for appeal.

145 In this case, the contention was that the Arbitrator’s discretion whether
or not to hear the parties’ on costs was constrained by the existence of
Calderbank letters to which the Arbitrator’s attention had not been drawn
until the substantive issues were disposed of, as is the custom in practice.
This was probably the reason why both parties had requested the Arbitrator to
reserve his jurisdiction to award costs at a later stage. The conduct of the
parties, and the Owner in particular, was entirely consistent with the
accepted practice stated in _Russell on Arbitration_ (Sweet & Maxwell, 23rd
Ed, 2008) at para 6–161:

A sealed offered may be given to the tribunal for it to open and consider only
after it has decided upon the substantive award. This may avoid the expense of
reconvening for a further hearing to deal with costs, but it does of course
mean that the tribunal will know that some offer has been made, even though it
does not know the amount. _Rightly or wrongly, parties are sometimes concerned
that this knowledge might colour the tribunal’s thinking in reaching its
decision. The alternative, therefore, is to invite the tribunal to make an
award dealing with the substantive issues and to postpone determining the
question of costs pending further submissions and/or a further hearing. The
extent to which such a request will itself suggest the existence of a sealed
offer will depend on the circumstances of the case and whether, for example,
potentially complex costs issues may not need to be addressed at all if the
tribunal’s decision goes a particular way_. [emphasis added]

146 Arguably, where valid Calderbank letters exist, and the Arbitrator is
asked to hold over the costs hearing, there would be a procedural misstep that
would justify remitting a costs award under s 16 of the 1985 Act, if the
arbitrator makes a final award on costs without hearing parties. In the
present case, the Arbitration was one that did not, on its face, appear to
present “potentially complex costs issues”, and by the parties seeking a
reservation to be heard on costs, the Arbitrator ought to have been mindful of
the fact that there could be Calderbank offers that they might have a bearing
on the eventual costs award. However, in the present case, remission is
unnecessary despite the procedural misstep for the reasons set out below.

147 The Contractor relied on the Calderbank offers to contend that the
Arbitrator would have reached a different decision on costs if the Calderbank
letters had been shown to the Arbitrator and submissions made on that basis.
The Calderbank letters have been exhibited in the evidence filed in this
court. I have examined the Calderbank letters and I disagree with the
Contractor’s submissions that the Calderbank letters would have made a
difference to the Costs and Arbitrator’s Costs Award to justify the remission
of these awards.

148 There were four Calderbank letters exhibited in court for the setting
aside application. Two were from the Contractor, and two were from the Owner.
Mr Singh relied mainly on an offer from the Contractor to the Owner dated 26
August 2005. In that letter, the Contractor offered the Owner a sum of $4.43m
in full and final settlement of the Owner’s claims, as well as 50% of the
Owner’s costs and disbursements up to 26 August 2005. The Owner also sought
payment on the Counterclaim of a total of $2.4m. The net amount under this
offer payable from the Contractor to the Owner if the offer were accepted
would then be about $2.03m, excluding costs and disbursements.

149 This Calderbank letter does not assist the Contractor since the offer was
expressly withdrawn by the Contractor’s then-solicitors, Rajah & Tann LLP in a
letter to the Owner’s solicitors dated 3 July 2006. Simply put, this offer was
no longer valid at the time the Arbitrator made his Award to make a difference
to the Costs Award or Arbitrator’s Costs Award so as to satisfy the test in
_LW Infrastructure (CA)_ that would justify remission. No miscarriage of
justice has occurred in the present case as the effect of the Calderbank
letter on the Arbitrator’s discretion as to costs, given the withdrawal, would
be minimal, if not negligible. It bears noting that the costs consequences
stipulated in O 22A r 9 of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2014 Rev Ed) are
applicable only where the unaccepted offer to settle have not expired or have
not been withdrawn before the disposal of the claim in respect of which the
offer to settle is made. The principles ought to apply analogously here.

150 My comments on the other three Calderbank letters are as follows:

(a) The Contractor’s offer of 13 August 2005 was withdrawn by the Contractor’s
subsequent offer of 26 August 2005. If anything, this 13 August 2005
Calderbank letter would not have a reasonable or meaningful effect on the
Costs Award because the sum which the Contractor offered to pay to the Owner
in settlement of the Owner’s claims was $2,430,000, which was $1m less than
the DIV Award.

(b) The Owner’s offer of 20 August 2005 was withdrawn in the Owner’s
subsequent Calerbank letter of 29 September 2005. In any event, this offer
gave the Contractor two alternatives: (i) admit to liability for the all
defects in Appendix A1.1 amongst others and to proceed to an assessment of
damages, or (ii) to agree to carry out rectification works for all the defects
identified. Neither alternative would reasonably have changed the Costs Award
since both were, from the Contractor’s perspective, worse options as compared
to the Award.

(c) The Owner’s offer on 29 September 2005, which did not appear to be
withdrawn during the Arbitration, was for the Contractor to pay it a net sum
of about $6.5m that was more than the Award. The Contractor had to pay less
under the Award which was clearly more favourable to the Contractor, and thus
this offer would not reasonably have affected the Costs Award.

151 It bears repeating that the fact that the Arbitrator might have reached a
different conclusion on costs if there had been a hearing on costs is not
enough. The Costs Award was one that had been open to the Arbitrator to make
on the material before him. An analysis of the remaining valid Calderbank
letter shows that it would unlikely to lead to a different outcome in respect
of costs. As was stated in _Soh Beng Tee_ at [91]:

What we can say is that to attract curial intervention it must be established
that the breach of the rules of natural justice must, at the very least, have
actually altered the final outcome of the arbitral proceedings in some
meaningful way. _If, on the other hand, the same result could or would
ultimately have been attained_ , or if it can be shown that the complainant
could not have presented any ground-breaking evidence and/or submissions
regardless, _the bare fact that the arbitrator might have inadvertently denied
one or both parties some technical aspect of a fair hearing would almost
invariably be insufficient to set aside the award._ [emphasis added]

152 The Contractor fails on Natural Justice Issue 4.

Conclusion in OS 790

153 For the reasons given above, I dismiss the Contractor’s application to set
aside the Award under OS 790.

OS 791 for leave to appeal on a question of law

154 OS 791 is the Contractor’s application for leave to appeal on a question
of law under s 28(2) of the 1985 Act. The two questions raised by the
Contractor in seeking leave to appeal are:

(a) The First Question: Whether the Arbitrator was entitled to make the DIV
Award without any evidence to support it?

(b) The Second Question: Whether interest is payable on an award for damages
based on diminution in value?

155 Having regard to the conclusions reached in OS 790, the first question in
OS 791 is not a question of law arising out of the Award and therefore s 28(2)
of the 1985 Act does not apply. The Arbitrator had made findings of fact on
the evidence which was before him, and even if there was an error of fact, his
finding of fact is conclusive.

156 On the second question, the Owner submitted that the Contractor was unable
to show that there was a strong _prima facie_ case that the Arbitrator was
wrong or that he had misdirected himself in law, or that his decision was one
that no reasonable arbitrator could reach. The Contractor has not referred to
any authority which specifically states that the court should not award
interest on damages for diminution in value. In contrast, the Owner referred
to the case of _Watts v Morrow_ where the English Court of Appeal awarded
interest on damages for diminution in value of the property in question from
the date of payment to the date of judgment. Another case relied on by the
Owner was _Chong Ah Kwee_ where Chan Sek Keong J (as he then was) awarded
interest on the plaintiff’s claim (made by way of proportionate abatement on
the purchase price) from the date of completion of the sale up to the date of
judgment.

157 From the authorities cited, the Arbitrator had not committed an error of
law. In principle, I do not see why interest should not be awarded for damages
for diminution in value. In mounting a claim for diminution in value, the
plaintiff takes the position that he obtained less than what he bargained for
as a result of the defendant’s breach of contract. If successful, the
plaintiff would have shown that he was kept out of use of the sum awarded as
damages and an award of interest for diminution in value appears to me to be
appropriate. Even if the Arbitrator got the law wrong, it does not give rise
to any question of law; it is not a question of law arising out of the Award
within the meaning of s 28(2) of the 1985 Act. As stated by the Court of
Appeal in _Northern Elevator Manufacturing Sdn Bhd v United Engineers
(Singapore) Pte Ltd_ [2004] 2 SLR(R) 494 at [19]:

To our mind, a ‘question of law’ must necessarily be a finding of law which
the parties dispute, that requires the guidance of the court to resolve. When
an arbitrator does not apply a principle of law correctly, that failure is a
mere ‘error of law’ (but more explicitly, an _erroneous application of law_)
which does not entitle an aggrieved party to appeal. [emphasis added]

158 For the above reasons, OS 791 is dismissed.

SUM 4899 to set aside _ex parte_ Order dated 9 September 2014

159 Having regard to the outcome of OS 790 and OS 791, the _ex parte_ Order of
9 September 2014 ought to stand. However, the Contractor argued that the _ex
parte_ court order should be set aside due to the Owner’s alleged failure to
give full and frank disclosure when applying for the _ex parte_ court order.
This alleged failure to give full and frank disclosure related to the Owner’s
knowledge that the Contractor had intended to apply and had applied to court
in OS 790 and OS 791 to set aside the Award and appeal on a question of law
respectively.

160 The Contractor referred me to the following passage in Mustill & Boyd
where the learned authors state that an applicant would be obliged to disclose
to the court his knowledge of whether the respondent intends to appeal a
question of law from the arbitral award (at p 614):

An application for summary enforcement of an award may be made ex parte; but
if the claimant is aware, as he generally will be, that the respondent intends
to appeal, he will be obliged to disclose this fact to the Court, which will
almost certainly refuse to proceed ex parte, and will direct a summons to be
issued. This all takes time, and the result is likely to be that in the great
majority of cases the application to enforce the award will come on for
hearing either at the same time as, or after, the respondent’s application for
leave to appeal. If the judge gives leave to appeal, he will have done so
after forming a provisional view of the merits of the appeal, and in the case
of a “one-off” point, a provisional view which will be strongly favourable to
the respondent. In such circumstances, it will be difficult to envisage that
the court would nonetheless allow the claimant to enforce the award or, for
that matter, order the respondent to bring the amount of the award into court.

161 In contrast, the Owner contended that the enforcement of an arbitral award
is dealt with in two stages. At the first stage, the court adopts a
mechanistic approach in relation to the _ex parte_ application and grants
leave to enforce so long as the formalistic procedural rules are complied
with. It is only at the second stage, after the other party is notified of the
order granting leave to enforce the award and applies to set it aside that the
court is concerned with the substantive grounds for challenging the award. The
Owner also pointed to the fact that the sealed copy of OS 789 filed on 19
August 2014 had stated: “Hearing Date/Time: For determination by
Judge/Registrar. Solicitor(s)/parties need not attend unless specifically
directed to do so.”[note: 33]

162 The applicable procedural rules in respect of the Award may be found in O
68 r 7 of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 1997 Rev Ed) (“the 1997 ROC”),
which provide that:

**Enforcement of arbitration awards (O. 69, r. 7)**

7.—(1) An application for leave under section 20 to enforce an award on an
arbitration agreement in the same manner as a judgment or order _may be made
ex parte but the Court hearing the application may direct a summons to be
issued_.

(2) If the Court directs a summons to be issued, the summons must be by
originating summons.

(3) An application for leave must be supported by affidavit —

(_a_) exhibiting the arbitration agreement and the original award or, in
either case, a copy thereof;

(_b_) stating the name and the usual or last known place of abode or business
of the applicant (referred to in this Rule as the creditor) and the person
against whom it is sought to enforce the award (referred to in this Rule as
the debtor) respectively; and

(_c_) as the case may require, stating either that the award has not been
complied with or the extent to which it has not been complied with at the date
of the application.

…

(6) Within 14 days after service of the order or, if the order is to be served
out of the jurisdiction, within such other period as the Court may fix, the
debtor may apply to set aside the order and the award shall not be enforced
until after the expiration of that period or, if the debtor applies within
that period to set aside the order, until after the application is finally
disposed of.

163 The Owner relied on _Aloe Vera of America, Inc v Asianic Food (S) Pte Ltd
and another_ [2006] 3 SLR(R) 174 (“ _Aloe Vera_ ”) for the proposition that
the first stage of enforcing an arbitral award is a “mechanistic” one and that
it need only satisfy the court that the formalistic requirements in O 69 r
7(3) of the 1997 Rules of Court were complied with. However, _Aloe Vera_ does
not stand for the proposition which the Owner seeks to advance. In _Aloe Vera_
, the respondent had argued that before the court granted an order enforcing
the arbitral award, it would have to be satisfied that a valid and binding
arbitration agreement existed (at [21] and [24]). In holding that the first
stage of the enforcement process was a “mechanistic” one, the court was
concerned to not have to, go behind the face of the arbitral agreement and
arbitral award at that stage. The holding in _Aloe Vera_ does not detract from
the applicant’s duty to give full and frank disclosure of the relevant facts,
including the existence of pending applications for setting aside of the award
and/or leave to appeal on a question of law.

164 It is well-established that a party applying for an _ex parte_ court order
has a duty to make full and frank disclosure of the all the facts material to
the application. In _The Vasiliy Golovnin_ [2008] 4 SLR(R) 994 at [87]:

The test for materiality is always an objective one. … [T]he duty imposed on
the applicant requires him to ask what might be relevant to the court in its
assessment of whether or not the remedy should be granted, and not what the
applicant alone might think is relevant. This inevitably embraces matters,
both factual and legal, which may be prejudicial or disadvantageous to the
successful outcome of the applicant’s application. It extends to all material
facts that could be reasonably ascertained and defences that might be
reasonably raised by the defendant. It is important to stress, however, that
the duty extends only to plausible, and not all conceivable or theoretical,
defences. …

165 Under this test, applications by the Contractor to set aside the Award and
appeal on questions of law would be facts that would be material to the
Assistant Registrar in deciding on the _ex parte_ application.

166 Whilst the Owner was obliged to disclose OS 790 and OS 791 at the time it
applied for leave to enforce the Award, the breach was technical and
inconsequential having regard to the conclusions reached in OS 790 and OS 791.
There is no reason to the set aside the _ex parte_ court order of 9 September
2014. Accordingly, SUM 4899 is dismissed.

Outcome of the three applications

167 For the various reasons stated above, all of the Contractor’s three
applications are dismissed with costs to be taxed if not agreed.

* * *

[note: 1]1PCB196.

[note: 2]1PCB203.

[note: 3]1PCB250A-B.

[note: 4]Owner’s Written Submissions, [35].

[note: 5]4CBE836.

[note: 6]6PCB2141.

[note: 7]6PCB2218.

[note: 8]13CB5202-5203.

[note: 9]13CB5216.

[note: 10]5PCB1712.

[note: 11]6PCB2206.

[note: 12]6PCB2199.

[note: 13]5PCB1522-1525.

[note: 14]5PCB1596–1589.

[note: 15]6PCB2143–2156.

[note: 16]6PCB2710.

[note: 17]6PCB2171.

[note: 18]6PCB2185.

[note: 19]6PCB2190.

[note: 20]6PCB2220.

[note: 21]Para 8.3 of the Contractor’s Aide Memoire dated 24 July 2015.

[note: 22]Para 5.4 of the Contractor’s Aide Memoire dated 24 July 2015.

[note: 23]Transcript of 9 July 2013.

[note: 24]HSF’s 1st Affidavit, pp 6654–6662.

[note: 25]Contractor’s Written Submissions in OS 790 at para 183–212 and
249–264.

[note: 26]6PCB2219.

[note: 27]HSF’s 1st Affidavit, p10693.

[note: 28]HSF’s 1st Affidavit, p10883.

[note: 29]5PCB1590-1591.

[note: 30]Para 109 of HSF 1st Affidavit.

[note: 31]5PCB1728.

[note: 32]6PCB2135.

[note: 33]Affidavit of FWL dated 23 October 2014, Exhibit “FWL-1”.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 26 Nov 2015 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

