Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Wong Wai Yin _v_ Victoria Publications Pte Ltd  
[2015] SGHC 179

Case Number| :| Suit No 726 of 2014  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 15 July 2015  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  George Wei J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Richard Sam Yuin Piew (Sam & Associates) for the
plaintiff; Letchamanan Devadason (LegalStandard LLP) and Tan Siew Tiong
(LawHub LLC) for the defendant.  
Parties| :|  Wong Wai Yin — Victoria Publications Pte Ltd  
  
15 July 2015| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
George Wei J:

1 Wong Wai Yin (“the Plaintiff”) commenced Suit No 726 of 2014 (“S 726/2014”)
against Victoria Publications Pte Ltd (“the Defendant Company”) to recover
salary ($115,990) and director’s fees ($440,000) she claims she was entitled
to as employee and director of the Defendant Company between the period of
2008 to 2013, but was not paid.

2 In its defence, the Defendant Company admits its liability to pay the
Plaintiff’s salary and director’s fees, but asserts that all the sums claimed
by the Plaintiff have already been paid to her.

3 The key issue before me at trial was therefore whether the Defendant Company
had discharged its legal obligation to pay the Plaintiff her salary and
director’s fees.

Brief factual background

4 The Defendant Company was incorporated in Singapore in 2004 and is in the
business of printing periodicals, books and magazines. Tan Cheow Beng (“Tan”)
has been the Defendant Company’s managing director since its incorporation.

5 The Plaintiff was married to Tan from 1988 to 2013. The couple divorced
(_decree final_) in March 2014[note: 1]. Ancillary matters (_ie_ , custody,
division of assets, and maintenance) were settled by consent between the
parties. Pursuant to a consent order, the Plaintiff received $800,000 in full
and final settlement of the Plaintiff’s claims against the matrimonial assets,
and a further sum of $200,000 as lump sum maintenance.[note: 2]

6 From 1988–2004 the Plaintiff worked in Tan’s previous business (a sole
proprietorship), which was involved in printing and selling student assessment
books.[note: 3] From the Defendant Company’s incorporation in 2004 until
August 2013 (when divorce between the Plaintiff and Tan was contemplated), it
is undisputed that the Plaintiff was a director and employee of the Defendant
Company, earning director’s fees and a salary[note: 4]. There is therefore no
need to traverse in detail the evidence relating to the Plaintiff’s role in
the Defendant Company in this judgment.

7 In March 2014, shortly after the divorce was made final, the Plaintiff
commenced Originating Summons No 282 of 2014 (“OS 282/2014”) to obtain
discovery of the Defendant Company’s financial statements. She successfully
obtained the said financial statements[note: 5]. Her present claim in S
726/2014 is, by her own admission, entirely based on what was revealed in the
financial statements about the director’s fees declared to her and the
tabulation of her salary for the period of 2008 to 2013[note: 6]. The position
of the Plaintiff is that prior to obtaining discovery of the Defendant
Company’s financial statements, the Plaintiff did not know the exact sums due
to her as director and employee of the Defendant Company.

8 That said, it is clear that the Plaintiff was aware that she had been
submitting income tax forms annually. It appears that her tax liability was
met by GIRO from a joint OCBC account that was managed by her husband.[note:
7] Even if the forms were filled out by the Defendant’s bookkeeper (as she
testifies), she was obviously aware that the forms were being submitted as
they were signed by her.[note: 8] The OCBC account was closed in January 2014.
Thereafter, the Plaintiff’s evidence is that she was informed by IRAS that she
could no longer pay her income tax by GIRO from that account as it was closed.
As a result, the Plaintiff testifies that she obtained copies of her tax
assessments for the past ten years from the Inland Revenue Authority of
Singapore (“IRAS”). It was then that she claims to have discovered that she
had “received” income over the past ten years. Thereafter, the Plaintiff
explains that she commenced OS 282/2014 to obtain the financial statements
referred to in [7].

Issues

9 The following issues arise to be decided:

(a) the Plaintiff’s legal entitlement to salary and director’s fees;

(b) whether the Defendant Company paid the Plaintiff the salary and director’s
fees she was entitled to; and

(c) whether the Plaintiff is estopped from bringing the present suit.

The Plaintiff’s legal entitlement to salary and director’s fees

10 Based on the evidence before the court, the Plaintiff and the Defendant
Company did not enter into any written contract. Any contract between the
parties must have been oral and/or flowing from the parties’ conduct. The
pleadings, affidavits, submissions, and evidence adduced at trial did little
to clarify the terms of the contract, the scope of the Plaintiff’s employment,
and her entitlement to director’s fees. Indeed, as pointed out above at [7],
it appears that the Plaintiff’s case was that she did not know what her legal
entitlement to salary or director’s fees was (or how she was being paid).

11 Nevertheless, it transpired that both parties agreed that the Plaintiff was
legally entitled (contractually or otherwise) to the exact sums claimed by the
Plaintiff in S 764/2014. For the avoidance of doubt, the Defendant Company
concedes that the sums claimed by the Plaintiff in the present suit were due
to her as salary and fees.[note: 9] There is therefore no reason for this
court to go behind this undisputed fact.

12 As such, this judgment proceeds on the basis that the Plaintiff was legally
entitled to receive salary of $115,990 and director’s fees of $440,000 from
the Defendant Company during the period in question (2008–2013). The key
question is whether the Defendant Company had fulfilled its legal duty to pay
the Plaintiff the said sums.

Whether the Defendant Company paid the Plaintiff her salary and director’s
fees

13 This is the key issue before me. I shall briefly set out the parties’
positions on this point. The Defendant Company asserts that it had paid the
Plaintiff the monies due to her via cheques throughout the relevant period of
time. In support of this, the Defendant Company adduced the following
evidence:

(a) Numerous cheques paid out of its bank account to the Plaintiff with sums
equivalent to the salary and/or director’s fees claimed by the Plaintiff in
the present suit. [note: 10]

(b) Bank statements showing corresponding deposits of equivalent sums into
various joint accounts held by the Plaintiff and Tan. [note: 11]

(c) Income tax statements belonging to the Plaintiff, declaring that she had
received the employment income and director’s fees claimed in the present
suit. [note: 12]

(d) Central Provident Fund (“CPF”) statements belonging to the Plaintiff
showing that the Defendant Company had dutifully paid the sums due to the
Plaintiff’s CPF account as employer during the material period. [note: 13]

(e) The Defendant Company’s annual financial statements and directors’
resolutions which clearly stated the director’s fees declared and paid to the
Plaintiff and which bore the Plaintiff’s signature. [note: 14]

14 Moreover, the Defendant Company submits that the Plaintiff is estopped from
claiming her salary and/or director’s fees at this juncture because of her
previous conduct _vis-à-vis_ the company. In particular, by signing the
Defendant Company’s director resolutions and annual financial statements, a
handwritten note in Chinese signed in January 2014, and her failure to raise
issues to do with unpaid salary and director’s fees in her divorce proceedings
with Tan, she had induced the Defendant Company into believing that the sums
due to her have been paid in full.[note: 15]

15 The Plaintiff does not dispute the veracity of the any of the above pieces
of evidence. However, she makes the following claims:

(a) She alleges that all the cheques made out to her were never given to her
personally. They were simply signed by Tan (on behalf of the Defendant
Company), and deposited straight into the joint accounts held by Tan and
herself.

(b) The Plaintiff was not aware that her salary and director’s fees were paid
in this manner. She never authorised or consented to such a mode of payment.

(c) Over the course of her marriage to Tan, the Plaintiff would ask him
occasionally about her salary and director’s fees. However, he would shout at
her and tell her not to bother him, and she would not pursue the issue out of
fear of him.

16 It follows that the issues raised by the parties’ submissions are as
follows:

(a) Were payments of the sums claimed in the present suit made from the
Defendant Company to the Plaintiff (whether via cheques issued to her name or
otherwise)?

(b) If payments of the correct amount were made, did those payments discharge
the Defendant Company’s legal obligation to pay the Plaintiff her salary and
director’s fees?

Payments to the Plaintiff

Director’s fees

17 The Plaintiff’s claim for director’s fees is as follows[note: 16]:

Year |  Plaintiff’s director’s fees   
---|---  
For the year ended 30.06.2008 |  $100,000  
For the year ended 30.06.2009 |  $100,000  
For the year ended 30.06.2010 |  $55,000  
For the year ended 30.06.2011 |  $45,000  
For the year ended 30.06.2012 |  $65,000  
For the year ended 30.06.2013 |  $75,000  
  
  

18 The Plaintiff’s claim for director’s fees is based on the Defendant
Company’s financial statements[note: 17]. Specifically, it appears that what
the Plaintiff has done in formulating her claim is to take the total
director's fees declared by the Defendant Company each year, and divide those
sums by two.[note: 18]

19 By contrast, the Defendant Company claims to owe and to have paid the
Plaintiff the following director’s fees[note: 19]:

Year |  Plaintiff’s director’s fees   
---|---  
For the year ended 30.06.2008 |  $80,000  
For the year ended 30.06.2009 |  $88,000  
For the year ended 30.06.2010 |  $70,000  
For the year ended 30.06.2011 |  $60,000  
For the year ended 30.06.2012 |  $100,000  
For the year ended 30.06.2013 |  $60,000  
  
  

20 These figures are based on the sums stated to be the Plaintiff’s director’s
fees in the minutes of the annual general meeting of the Defendant
Company[note: 20]. These minutes were signed by both the Plaintiff and Tan.
Indeed, a perusal of the Defendant Company’s minutes would reveal that the
director’s fees payable to Tan and the Plaintiff were not always the same.
Based on the minutes of the Defendant Company’s annual general meeting, the
director’s fees payable to the Plaintiff and Tan are set out in the table
below[note: 21]:

Year |  Plaintiff’s director’s fees  |  Defendant’s director’s fees   
---|---|---  
For the year ended 30.06.2008 |  $80,000 |  $120,000  
For the year ended 30.06.2009 |  $88,000 |  $112,000  
For the year ended 30.06.2010 |  $70,000 |  $40,000  
For the year ended 30.06.2011 |  $60,000 |  $30,000  
For the year ended 30.06.2012 |  $100,000 |  $30,000  
For the year ended 30.06.2013 |  $60,000 |  $90,000  
  
  

21 The documentary evidence before me thus suggests that the Plaintiff’s claim
for director’s fees is clearly defective. It assumes that the Plaintiff and
Tan were always paid one-half of the total director’s fees paid out by the
Defendant Company each year. The evidence from the minutes of the Defendant
Company’s annual general meetings proves otherwise. Indeed, it suggests that
the Plaintiff was paid more than Tan during the relevant period. I note that
upon a tabulation of the sums, it is clear that the amount the Defendant
Company admits that it owed the Plaintiff as director’s fees ($458,000)
exceeds the amount the Plaintiff claims as director’s fees ($440,000).

22 Given that the Defendant Company’s tabulation of the sums payable to the
Plaintiff as director’s fees is better supported by documentary evidence, I
shall proceed on the basis that the sums listed at [19] above are the sums
which the Plaintiff is, or was if the sums have been paid, legally entitled
to.

23 Having reviewed the documentary evidence tabulated by the Defendant
Company[note: 22], the authenticity or factual accuracy of which the Plaintiff
has not questioned in her evidence or submissions, I make the following
observations:

(a) First, there is no clear “method” to the alleged payment of the
Plaintiff’s director’s fees. While the sums payable to the Plaintiff as
director’s fees ultimately seem to have been paid in full (when you add up
each individual payment made by the Defendant Company), each year, the said
sums are paid over multiple payments of varying denominations. Nevertheless,
the Plaintiff did not make any submissions on the significance of this. I
therefore am unable to draw any inference from this fact.

(b) Second, each purported payment of the Plaintiff’s director’s fees by the
Defendant Company is backed up by a cheque withdrawal from the Defendant
Company’s bank account, and a corresponding deposit (in terms of date and
amount) into the Plaintiff’s joint accounts with Tan.

(c) Third, some of the payments purportedly made to the Plaintiff are
additionally backed up by the Defendant Company’s payment vouchers which
contain details such as the date of payment, the sum of payment, the name of
the payee (_ie_ , Wong Wai Yin), and the purpose of the payment (_ie_ , for
director’s fees). I note that these payment vouchers are signed only by Tan.

24 From the evidence, it is clear that there are deposits into the Plaintiff’s
joint accounts with Tan which match payments from the Defendant Company’s bank
account (in terms of dates and sums). I note that the Plaintiff’s counsel, at
trial, accepted that the sums withdrawn from the Defendant Company’s account
matched subsequent sums that were deposited into the Plaintiff’s joint
accounts with Tan. The Plaintiff’s counsel agreed that this is not an issue in
dispute.[note: 23] However, the bank account statements on their own do not
show that the moneys deposited into the Plaintiff’s joint accounts with Tan
were payments _to the_** _Plaintiff_** _from the_** _Defendant Company_** (as
opposed to being payment from another source, or payment to Tan rather than
the Plaintiff). Indeed, I note that the Defendant Company has not exhibited
any of the cheques it claims to have paid the Plaintiff for her director’s
fees. However, on the other hand, the Plaintiff has failed to give an
alternative explanation for the deposits into her joint account with Tan, the
withdrawals from the Defendant Company’s bank account, and the coincidence in
both the dates and sums between those withdrawals and deposits. Moreover, at
least some of the sums allegedly paid by the Defendant Company to the
Plaintiff in satisfaction of her director’s fees are backed up by payment
vouchers which list “Wong Wai Yin” as payee, and “director’s fees” as the
purpose of payment. There is no suggestion on the Plaintiff’s part that these
payment vouchers were fabricated _ex post facto_ or were otherwise unreliable.
Therefore, on balance, I find that the Defendant Company did pay the Plaintiff
sums equivalent to the sums she was entitled to as her director’s fees. The
moneys did leave the Defendant Company’s account, and were deposited into the
Plaintiff’s bank account (albeit a joint bank account with Tan). The only
question that remains in relation to the Plaintiff’s director’s fees is
whether the payment of those sums discharged the Defendant Company’s legal
obligation to pay the Plaintiff her director’s fees given the Plaintiff’s
claims of lack of knowledge, consent or authorisation regarding the _mode of
payment_.

Salary

25 The parties agree on the amount of salary due to the Plaintiff from the
Defendant Company between August 2008 and September 2013 (the period which is
the subject of the Plaintiff’s present claim). The Plaintiff claims $115,990
in unpaid salary[note: 24], and Tan admits in his affidavit of evidence in
chief (“AEIC”) that the same sum was due to the Plaintiff as salary[note: 25].
I also note that the breakdown of the Plaintiff’s salary in her statement of
claim (in terms of the monthly salary due to the Plaintiff each year) matches
that found in Tan’s AEIC. I shall therefore proceed on the basis that the
amount of salary due to the Plaintiff from the Defendant Company was (or is,
if it is still unpaid) $115,990.

26 The Defendant Company presented a table to the court, tabulating the
payments which have been made in discharge of its obligation to pay the
Plaintiff her monthly salary[note: 26]. In this regard, the Defendant Company
pointed to corresponding entries in the Defendant Company’s and the
Plaintiff’s bank statements, showing withdrawals out of the former and
deposits of the same sums into the latter. The dates and amounts of the
withdrawals and deposits match the salary the Plaintiff claims in the current
suit. Payment vouchers from the Defendant Company recording payment of the
Plaintiff’s salary in some months are also exhibited in Tan’s AEIC. As
mentioned above, details found in the payment vouchers include the date of
payment, the sum of payment, the name of the payee (_ie_ , Wong Wai Yin), and
the purpose of the payment (_ie_ , for salary).

27 In addition, the Defendant Company also exhibited extracts from its
“General Ledger” as evidence of its payment of the Plaintiff’s salary. I
observe that there are entries in the General Ledger that support almost all
of the payments the Defendant Company claims to have made to the Plaintiff for
her salary. The Defendant Company’s General Ledger would state the purpose of
the payment at the heading (_eg_ , “Staff Cost – Directors’ salary”), the
payee’s name, the date of payment, and the amount paid[note: 27].

28 The Plaintiff does not question any of this evidence. Her only claim is
that she did not know that the Defendant Company was paying her salary all
these years via cheque, or that the cheques were deposited into her joint
accounts with Tan. I am therefore satisfied that on balance, the Defendant
Company has been paying the Plaintiff (via cheque) sums equivalent to the
Plaintiff’s claimed salary all these years. The moneys did leave the Defendant
Company’s account, and were deposited into the Plaintiff’s bank account
(albeit a joint bank account with Tan). As in the case of the director’s fees,
the only question that remains is whether these sums were paid in satisfaction
of the Defendant Company’s legal obligation to pay the Plaintiff her salary
given her claim that she never received any of the cheques and did not know
about, consent to, or authorise the mode of payment.

Did the Defendant Company discharge its legal obligations to pay the Plaintiff
her director’s fees and salary?

29 I have found that the Defendant Company did in fact make payments of the
sums due to the Plaintiff as director’s fees and salary to her via cheque. As
noted, the Plaintiff has not questioned the veracity of any of the documentary
evidence presented by the Defendant Company. The Plaintiff has also not
provided this court with an alternative interpretation of the matching
deposits and withdrawals found in the said documentary evidence to persuade
the court that it cannot come to the conclusion that the Defendant Company did
indeed pay her the sums due to her as director’s fees and salary. In my view,
the evidence suggests that the Defendant Company did in fact make the
requisite payments to the Plaintiff _with the intention_ of discharging its
legal obligations to pay the Plaintiff her salary and director’s fees. The
only outstanding question can therefore be narrowly framed as such: if,
throughout the material time, the Plaintiff did not know that the Defendant
Company was in fact paying her director’s fees and salary (_ie_ , that moneys
were going into her bank account), and did not know about or consent to the
_manner_ in which such payment was effected (as she claims), can the Defendant
Company be said to have discharged its legal obligations to the Plaintiff in
making those payments?

The Defendant Company’s legal obligations

30 In determining if the Defendant Company has discharged its legal
obligations to the Plaintiff, I first consider the scope and content of the
Defendant Company’s obligations to pay the Plaintiff. In this case, whilst the
terms and scope of the Plaintiff’s contract and appointment as director are
not clear, the parties do not appear to dispute that the obligation to pay the
salary and fees is contractual in nature.

31 At this juncture, I pause to note that neither side made legal submissions
on the parties’ respective obligations in the absence of an express agreement
on the mode of payment in discharge of a contractual obligation. The Plaintiff
in particular did not make submissions on the legal significance of her lack
of knowledge about or lack of consent to the mode of payment chosen by the
Defendant, or on why the payments made by the Defendant Company did not
discharge its obligations to the Plaintiff _in law_.

32 It may well be that where a contract of employment is reduced into writing
or is evidenced by writing, the express terms will frequently stipulate how
the payment of salary is to be made. In such a case, whilst much will depend
on the facts and circumstances, alternative modes or forms of payment may not
discharge the employer’s contractual obligation to pay the employee. However,
in this case, it bears repeating that no written contract was entered into.
Indeed, the pleadings do not even refer to a contract as such. Based on the
material (documents and the parties’ testimonies) before the court, it appears
that there was no specific discussion or agreement on how the Plaintiff was to
be paid her director’s fees and salary (whether by cheque, deposit into a
named account _etc_). The evidence suggests that there was not even an
informal understanding between the parties on the matter. That said, this is
hardly surprising given that the Plaintiff and Tan were married and were the
sole directors and shareholders of the Defendant. Based on the positions taken
by the parties and the evidence presented by them, the agreement between the
parties seems to be limited to requiring the Defendant Company to pay the
Plaintiff for her salary and director’s fees. Much else is left unsaid. The
Plaintiff has no objection or quarrel with the amount of the salary and
director’s fees. Her complaint is that she was not told that she was being
paid her salary and director’s fees by payments into her joint account with
Tan.

33 In the circumstances, and in the absence of a specific agreement between
the parties, I am of the view that the nature of the obligation the Defendant
Company has to the Plaintiff is to pay the Plaintiff the sums of money due to
her as salary and director’s fees in any _reasonable_ manner.

34 In coming to this conclusion, I noted the well-established principle that
in appropriate cases, apparent gaps in the terms of a contract can be filled
in through the use of the general principle of reasonableness (_eg_ , implying
a duty to perform the contractual obligation within a reasonable time when the
contract was silent on the due date of performance): Andrew Phang Boon Leong
(ed), _The Law of Contract in Singapore_ (Academy Publishing, 2012) at
[03.152] and Michael Furmston & GJ Tolhurst, _Contract Formation: Law and
Practice_ (Oxford University Press, 2010) at [11.84]. Whilst it is not the
task of the court to “create” a contract for the parties where no contract was
entered into, in the present case, the parties do not dispute the existence of
a contract and an obligation on the Defendant Company to pay the Plaintiff
salary and director’s fees. That being so, in the absence of a specific
agreement on how the said salary and fees are to be paid, the general
principle of reasonableness which guides contractual interpretation suggests
that all that is required of the Defendant Company is for it to make payment
in a reasonable manner.

Has the Defendant Company discharged its legal obligations to the Plaintiff?

35 Based on the evidence before me, I find that the Defendant Company has
discharged its legal obligations to pay the Plaintiff her salary and
director’s fees in a reasonable manner. The cheques issued by the Defendant
Company to the Plaintiff and deposited into her joint accounts with Tan
discharged the Defendant Company’s obligation to pay the Plaintiff her salary
and director’s fees, notwithstanding the Plaintiff’s claims that she did not
know that the payments were being made or that she never authorised or
consented to the specific mode of payment adopted by the Defendant.

36 First, I find the Plaintiff’s claim that she did not know about the payment
of her director’s fees and salary improbable. The evidence shows that she did
sign the minutes of the Defendant Company’s annual general meeting and the
Defendant Company’s annual financial statements[note: 28]. Indeed, the
Plaintiff does not deny signing the statements.[note: 29] These documents
reveal that first, the Defendant Company ends its financial year without the
Plaintiff being listed as a creditor (_ie_ , that the amounts due and owing to
her as director or employee have been paid), and second, the exact amount of
director’s fees declared annually to both the Plaintiff and Tan. Moreover,
from her answers on the stand, the Plaintiff is clearly conversant and
literate in English. Indeed, on her own evidence, the Plaintiff played a
significant part in the running of the Defendant Company’s business. Even
though it is asserted that her husband (and fellow shareholder/director) kept
a very tight control on financial matters, her evidence is that she handled
the computerization of the Defendant’s accounting system, assisted inputting
data into the system, helped to train the staff, and assisted on sales
enquiries.[note: 30]

37 The Plaintiff claims that Tan would not give her an opportunity to read the
abovementioned financial statements and minutes before she signed them[note:
31]. She also gave evidence that she feared Tan and was often under duress
when she signed the documents. While it is clear that the relationship between
the parties deteriorated at some point in the marriage, I am not satisfied
that the Plaintiff was under constant fear and duress throughout the relevant
period from 2008 to 2013 to such an extent that she was unaware of how the
business was being run and the details of the Defendant Company’s financial
statements. As a director and shareholder of the company, the Plaintiff would
have been in a position to clarify her legal entitlements with the Defendant
Company. Any ordinary person who has been working without pay and remuneration
all these years would have taken action. The fact that she did not take any
action against the Defendant Company to insist on her salary and/or director’s
fees all these years suggests that she knew all along that the moneys due to
her from the Defendant Company were being paid to her. Indeed, such an
inference would be perfectly justified especially since the evidence suggests
that Tan, her husband, managed the company and dealt with the household
finances. She could therefore have easily approached him to ask.

38 It bears emphasising that the Plaintiff testified that she had a credit
card and was able to sign cheques on a DBS joint account she held with her
husband. The said account was used for household and family expenses.[note:
32] The Plaintiff therefore did have actual (and not just legal) control over
at least one joint account held between herself and Tan.

39 The Plaintiff asserts that she had little or no knowledge of the details of
the joint account at DBS (mentioned at [38] above). The account was run by Tan
(though she had use of a credit card and could sign cheques) and she had no
sight of the bank statements since Tan kept the key to their mail box. On the
other hand, under cross-examination, Tan testifies that he only kept the mail
box key from 2011. Before 2011, when they lived in a landed property, they had
an open mail box and the statements were available for the Plaintiff to
see.[note: 33] I find that Tan’s evidence is to be preferred. The Plaintiff
clearly knew that the DBS account was a joint account. Indeed, it appears that
the parties held several other joint accounts at other banks. The evidence is
clear that the properties purchased during the marriage and the housing loans
were in joint names. There is no evidence that Tan was seeking to exclude the
Plaintiff from the family’s financial wealth. In my view, it is improbable
that the Plaintiff was entirely ignorant about the details of the DBS account.
Moreover, even if she was actually unaware of the details of the household or
the Defendant Company’s finances, I find that this must be because the
Plaintiff never proactively took an interest in engaging herself in those
matters. The evidence suggests that the Plaintiff had ample legal and factual
access to the household and business finances throughout the material period.

40 In my view, the Plaintiff had acquiesced to the Defendant Company’s mode of
payment (through Tan) all these years. Given that the objective documentary
evidence suggests that payments of the correct sums were being made by the
Defendant Company to her joint account(s) with Tan, it does not now lie in the
Plaintiff’s mouth to complain that she never knew that payments were being
made to her. In any case, I note that the Plaintiff has conspicuously failed
to make any submissions on the _legal significance_ of the purported duress
she was placed under, or her lack of knowledge of the payments made by the
Defendant Company, throughout the material time.

41 Second, there is clear evidence from the Plaintiff’s income tax and CPF
statements that the payments made from the Defendant Company and deposited
into the Plaintiff’s joint accounts with Tan were received by the Plaintiff as
_her income_. The Plaintiff’s income tax statements for the years 2008 to 2013
state that the Plaintiff has received an annual employment income ranging from
$56,120 to $128,200[note: 34]. Indeed, the breakdown of these annual
employment income figures can be found in the “Form B1” income tax declaration
forms signed by the Plaintiff. The Plaintiff’s annual employment income as
declared by her in her “Form B1” tax declaration form is as follows[note: 35]:

Year |  Plaintiff’s director’s fees  |  Plaintiff’s salary   
---|---|---  
For the year ended 31 Dec 2008 |  $80,000 |  $24,120  
For the year ended 31 Dec 2009 |  $88,000 |  $28,200  
For the year ended 31 Dec 2010 |  $70,000 |  $28,200  
For the year ended 31 Dec 2011 |  $60,000 |  $28,200  
For the year ended 31 Dec 2012 |  $100,000 |  $28,200  
  
  

42 I note that these B1 forms are income tax declaration forms filled up by
the tax payer herself. Moreover, the tax payer declares, by filling up and
signing the form, that “[t]he information on my income and claim for
deductions and reliefs given in this tax return and in any supporting
documents to be submitted is true, correct and complete.”[note: 36] The
Plaintiff claims that these income tax forms were filled up by the Defendant
Company’s accountants on her behalf, and Tan simply asked her to sign the
forms[note: 37]. First, I note that this is a bare assertion on the
Plaintiff’s part. Moreover, even if I were to believe the Plaintiff, the
documents ultimately speak for themselves. The Plaintiff did declare in
writing to the relevant authorities that she received director’s fees and
salary of the exact sums she claims is unpaid in the current suit (see table
above). Given that the Plaintiff had no other sources of income, the natural
inference must be that the income was received from the Defendant Company.
Short of admitting that she made a false declaration to the tax authorities,
the Plaintiff cannot now deny that she received the said sums at [41] above as
employment income.

43 These income tax declaration forms significantly undermine the Plaintiff’s
case that she never received salary and/or director’s fees from the Defendant
Company. Her own written and signed tax declarations suggest otherwise. The
Plaintiff’s claim that she was somehow coerced into signing these documents is
simply not sufficiently supported by evidence.

44 Moreover, there is clear evidence that the Defendant Company has been
paying the Plaintiff CPF moneys as her employer during the relevant period.
The Plaintiff conceded this in cross-examination[note: 38]. This fact is
consistent with the Defendant Company having paid the Plaintiff her salary
during the material time. [note: 39]

45 Thus, based on all the facts above, I find that the Defendant Company has
discharged its legal obligations to pay the Plaintiff her salary and
director’s fees from 2008 to 2013. The Plaintiff may not have directed her
mind to whether she was receiving the said payments previously, and may even
have left all financial matters entirely to Tan, her ex-husband, out of
convenience or fear. However, under cross-examination, the Plaintiff accepted
that Tan had provided her with a good life and that the family expenses were
paid out of the joint account(s) held by the Plaintiff and Tan. Her evidence
that she was not aware at all of the payments (of her salary and director’s
fees) into the joint account(s) is seriously questionable. In my view, in
light of the overwhelming documentary evidence, the Plaintiff must have been
aware that the Defendant was indeed paying her salary and director’s fees.

46 In any event, the present claim is brought against the Defendant Company
(and not Tan, her ex-husband). The unfortunate breakdown in the marriage
cannot prejudice the Defendant Company, which has clearly made the requisite
payments to the Plaintiff over the years. The evidence supporting such a
conclusion is overwhelming.

Estoppel

47 Given my conclusions above, there is no need for me to consider the
Defendant Company’s submissions on estoppel.

Conclusion

48 In conclusion, I find that the Defendant Company has discharged its legal
obligations to pay the sums claimed by the Plaintiff in the present suit.
There are no unpaid sums due to the Plaintiff from the Defendant Company.

49 I therefore dismiss the Plaintiff’s claim entirely. I also award costs to
the Defendant Company, to be agreed or taxed.

* * *

[note: 1]Plaintiff’s AEIC, p29.

[note: 2]Tan’s AEIC, [19]–[23]

[note: 3]Plaintiff’s AEIC, [10(1)–(3)]

[note: 4]Tan’s AEIC, [8]–[9]

[note: 5]Plaintiff’s AEIC, [10(11)]

[note: 6]Plaintiff’s AEIC, [10(12)]

[note: 7]NE, Day 1, Page 56 Line 10 – Page 57, Line 4 and Page 93 Line 12- 19;

[note: 8]Plaintiff’s AEIC, [20]

[note: 9]Defendant’s closing submissions [3]–[7]

[note: 10]Defendant Company’s Closing Submissions, [21]-[32] and the
references therein to the NE.

[note: 11]Defendant Company’s Closing Submissions, [21]-[32] and the
references therein to the NE.

[note: 12]Defendant Company’s Closing Submissions, [39] and the references
therein to the NE.

[note: 13]Defendant Company’s Closing Submissions, [30] and the references
therein to the NE.

[note: 14]Defendant Company’s Closing Submissions, [40]-[45]

[note: 15]Defence, [6]

[note: 16]Statement of Claim, [1]

[note: 17]Plaintiff’s AEIC, [10(12)]

[note: 18]Plaintiff’s AEIC, [10(12)] – the references to the Defendant
Company’s financial statements make it clear that the sums claimed by the
Plaintiff are one half of the total directors’ fees declared each year.

[note: 19]Tan’s AEIC, pp 27-31

[note: 20]Tan’s AEIC, pp 52-57

[note: 21]Tan’s AEIC, pp 52-57

[note: 22]Tan’s AEIC, pp 27–31

[note: 23]NE, 15 April 2015, p66

[note: 24]Statement of Claim, [3]

[note: 25]Tan’s AEIC, pp 33-42

[note: 26]Tan’s AEIC, pp 33-42

[note: 27]See for e.g. Tan’s AEIC, p296

[note: 28]Defendant Company’s Closing Submissions, [40]

[note: 29]Plaintiff’s AEIC, [13]

[note: 30]Plaintiff’s AEIC at [18]

[note: 31]Plaintiff’s closing submissions, [5]

[note: 32]NE Day 1 Page 8 Lines 4-9; Page 11, Lines 29-32; Page 13, Lines
12-30; Page 20, Line 13 to Page 21 Line 18.

[note: 33]NE Day 1 Page 95 Line 25 – Page 96, Line 14.

[note: 34]Agreed Bundle A, pp 30-35

[note: 35]Agreed Bundle B, pp 595-617

[note: 36]See for example Agreed Bundle B, p598

[note: 37]NE 8 April 2015, pp 48-52 and at p.82

[note: 38]NE 8 April 2015, pp 59-60

[note: 39]Defendant Company’s Closing Submissions, [30]

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 15 Jul 2015 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

