Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Marco Polo Shipping Company Pte Ltd _v_ Fairmacs Shipping & Transport
Services Pte Ltd  
[2015] SGCA 44

Case Number| :| Civil Appeal No 129 of 2014  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 21 August 2015  
Tribunal/Court| :| Court of Appeal  
Coram| :|  Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA; Steven Chong J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Mathiew Christophe Rajoo, Cai Jianye Edwin and Viknesh
Jeg Pillay (DennisMathiew) for the appellant; Tan Wee Kong and Poh Ying Ying
Joanna (Legal Solutions LLC) for the respondent.  
Parties| :|  MARCO POLO SHIPPING COMPANY PTE LTD — FAIRMACS SHIPPING &
TRANSPORT SERVICES PRIVATE LIMITED  
  
[LawNet Editorial Note: The decision from which this appeal arose is reported
at [2015] 1 SLR 904.]

21 August 2015|  
---|---  
  
Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA (delivering the grounds of decision of the court):

Introduction

1 This was an appeal against the decision of the High Court judge (“the
Judge”) reported as _Fairmacs Shipping & Transport Services Pte Ltd v
Harikutai Engineering Pte Ltd and another_ [2015] 1 SLR 904 (“the GD”). The
case concerned a shipment of river sand that never made its way to the
intended buyer, Fairmacs Shipping & Transport Services Pte Ltd (“the
Respondent”). The matter first went before the Assistant Registrar (“the AR”)
who assessed damages at US$62,950 with interest at 5.33% from the date of the
Writ of Summons. The Respondent appealed. After hearing parties, the Judge
allowed the appeal, assessing damages at US$141,226 (with the same order as to
interest). Marco Polo Shipping Company Pte Ltd (“the Appellant”), the second
defendant at the time, appealed to this court.

2 Parties appeared before us on 8 July 2015. After hearing their submissions,
we allowed the appeal and restored the AR’s award, issuing the following brief
grounds (which are elaborated upon in this judgment):

Whilst we agree that it is not an essential requirement to have a market index
in order to determine the market value of the cargo in question, the
respondent has not adduced sufficient evidence of a relevant market for river
sand in Port Blair during the first week of October 2011.

In the circumstances, we allow the appeal and restore the assistant
registrar’s award of USD62,950, which reflects the sum that the respondent has
paid in respect of the cargo.

Facts

Parties to the dispute

3 The Respondent was a company incorporated in India purportedly in the
business of trading, importing and exporting construction materials. By a
contract of sale dated 18 August 2011, the Respondent agreed to purchase river
sand from Marine Alliance Group (Singapore) Pte Ltd (“Marine Alliance”). The
sand was to be shipped from Myeik, Myanmar, to Port Blair, India, in three
shipments. The shipment in question – the second shipment – involved 4,300
metric tonnes (“MT”) of river sand.

4 The Appellant was the owner of the vessels that were used to transport the
river sand. Harikutai Engineering Pte Ltd (“Harikutai”), a party to the
proceedings below, but not before this court, was the contracting carrier.

Background to the dispute

5 The second shipment of 4,300MT of river sand was expected to reach Port
Blair on 1 October 2011. It never did. On 3 October 2011, the commercial
manager of the Respondent, Mr Sreenath Rajendhranath (“Mr Rajendhranath”),
telephoned Mr Danads Wong (“Mr Wong”), a representative of the Appellant. In
that conversation, Mr Wong informed Mr Rajendhranath that the vessels were on
the last leg of their voyage and that the delay was caused by unfavourable
weather conditions. Mr Rajendhranath thereafter wrote an email to Mr Wong to
document their conversation.

6 On 18 October 2011, with no cargo in sight, the Respondent’s solicitors from
Legal Solutions LLC, who continued to represent them in proceedings before the
court, wrote to the Appellant and Harikutai demanding: (a) information on the
location of the vessels; and (b) delivery up of the second shipment.

7 On 15 December 2011, the Respondent filed its Writ of Summons. Its case was
against both the Appellant (in the tort of conversion) and Harikutai (for
breach of the contract of carriage). From the Appellant, the Respondent sought
delivery up of the cargo or, alternatively, US$201,455 in damages. This figure
was derived by multiplying 4,300MT with the alleged market price of the cargo
at Port Blair at the relevant time, US$46.85 per MT.

8 On 28 December 2011, the Appellant applied for security for costs. In its
affidavit in support of its application, which was filed that same day (_ie_ ,
28 December 2011) by Mr Azhari Bin Mohd Jadi (“Mr Azhari”), the Operating
Manager of the Appellant, the Appellant explained for the first time what had
happened to the cargo (see also the GD at [10]). Harikutai had defaulted on
the payment of the charterhire. In response, the Appellant had withdrawn the
vessels and sold the cargo on board, including the second shipment of river
sand, to mitigate its losses. Mr Azhari did not state the price at which the
river sand was sold save as to note “the Cargo is not valuable and is easily
replaceable”. In his subsequent affidavit dated 13 January 2012, Mr Azhari
clarified that it was not the Appellant that had sold the cargo but, possibly,
MP Shipping Pte Ltd, a wholly owned subsidiary of the Appellant (see also the
GD at [10]).

9 On 20 February 2012, the Respondent applied for summary judgment against
both Harikutai and the Appellant. During the hearing before the AR on 15 June
2012, all three parties were present. Harikutai was represented by Haridass Ho
& Partners. The AR granted interlocutory judgment against both the Appellant
and Harikutai with damages to be assessed, with interest at the rate of 5.33%
from the date of the Writ of Summons (_ie_ , 15 December 2011) to the date of
payment. The Appellant appealed, but its appeal was dismissed by the Judge on
3 August 2012.

10 At the assessment of damages hearing, the Respondent sought US$201,455
which, it argued, was reflective of the market value of 4,300MT of river sand
at Port Blair in the first week of October 2011 (the expected date of delivery
was 3 October 2011). Harikutai was absent from this hearing. From the onset,
the amount of river sand converted was not in dispute. Neither was the point
of law that market value was the first port of call in determining the value
of the river sand converted. As such, the Respondent’s main challenge (in
making good its US$201,455 claim) was to prove that the relevant market value
(_ie_ , the market value of river sand at Port Blair in the first week of
October 2011) was indeed US$46.85 per MT. It sought to do so by relying on the
evidence of Mr Babuvenkatesh Loganathan (“Mr Loganathan”), General Manager of
Fairmacs Trading Company Pte Ltd (“FTPL”). FTPL was the trading arm of the
“Fairmacs group” of companies – a group to which the Respondent belonged.

11 In his affidavit, Mr Loganathan affirmed that there were “no published
indices in Port Blair, India setting out the market pricing of river sand”.
For that reason, he adduced in his affidavit fourteen pages of invoices,
delivery orders and receipts evidencing the sale of river sand by FTPL in Port
Blair during the first week of October 2011 in a bid to amass figures from
which he could discern a “market price”. He tabulated the figures as follows:

No |  Invoice No |  Date |  Name of Buyer |  Quantity |  Rate per MT in INR |  INR to USD exchange rate |  Rate in USD  
---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---  
1 |  SD012/10/11-12 |  3 October 2011 |  Sankar Contractor & Construction |  7 MT |  2242.86 |  49.4240 |  45.38  
2 |  SD014/10/11-12 |  3 October 2011 |  Sturdy Developers & Builders |  7 MT |  2242.86 |  49.4240 |  45.38  
3 |  SD025/10/11-12 |  4 October 2011 |  Sankar Contractor & Construction |  7 MT |  2242.86 |  49.2250 |  45.563  
4 |  SD026/10/11-12 |  5 October 2011 |  Binu Kumar |  7 MT |  2357.14 |  49.1918 |  47.917  
5 |  SD034/10/11-12 |  7 October 2011 |  Hamza |  3.5 MT |  2457.14 |  49.1355 |  50.007  
Average pricing of river sand in early October 2011 |  2308.57 |  49.280 |  46.85  
  
  

12 The AR was not persuaded by this evidence. In particular, he was concerned
by three things: (a) the absence of a market index for river sand at Port
Blair; (b) the lack of a breakdown of the proposed figure of US$46.85 per MT
(in particular, how much of that figure constituted FTPL’s profits); and (c)
the fact that the rate of US$46.85 per MT was reached by comparing low-volume
sales of river sand at no more than 7MT per sale (whereas, the AR’s concern
was that high-volume sales in the region of 4,300MT would likely fetch lower
prices). Given his view that there was a lack of credible evidence, the AR was
therefore unable to conclude that the market value of river sand was indeed
US$46.85 per MT in Port Blair in early October 2011. He opted to assess
damages on the basis of the cost that the Respondent had incurred for the
river sand rather than market price. He arrived at the figure of US$62,950,
the amount that the Respondent had actually paid for the river sand.

13 The Respondent appealed to the Judge in Registrar’s Appeal No 290 of 2013.

Decision below

14 The Judge allowed the Respondent’s appeal. However, she did not award it
the entirety of the US$201,455 sought. Rather, she assessed the damages at
US$141,226 (plus 5.33% interest). She arrived at this figure in the following
manner:

(a) First, she preferred US$39.82 per MT (as opposed to the Respondent’s
alleged US$46.85 per MT) as the appropriate rate. Although she accepted the
Respondent’s evidence that US$46.85 per MT was the market value (see above at
[11]), she effected a 15% reduction to account for the customs (5%) and
landing costs (10%) that the Respondent would have had to pay had the cargo
arrived at Port Blair (the GD at [73] and [77]). Mathematically, this is
represented as follows:

(i) US$46.85 x 85% = US$39.82.

(ii) US$39.82 x 4,300 = US$171,226.

(b) Secondly, she subtracted US$30,000 from the figure derived above to
account for the freight that would have been paid by the Respondent had the
cargo been delivered. Mathematically, this is represented as follows:
US$171,226 – US$30,000 = US$141,226.

15 The Judge’s reasoning as to why she allowed the appeal can be summarised in
four main points. First, on the law, the Judge was largely in agreement with
the AR. Like the AR, she proceeded on the basis that the value of goods should
typically be determined by their market value at the place and date of the
conversion and, in the case of goods converted at sea, the market value of the
goods at the place and date of expected delivery (see the GD at [36]). This
might yield to some other basis of valuation where, for instance, there was no
market for the goods or where the market value could not be determined (see
the GD at [26]). In this case, therefore, the value of the cargo should _prima
facie_ be based upon the market value of the cargo at Port Blair during the
first week of October 2011 (see the GD at [37]).

16 Secondly, and this is fundamentally where the Judge disagreed with the AR’s
analysis, the Judge found that Mr Loganathan’s table supported the existence
of a market for river sand at Port Blair during the first week of October 2011
(see the GD at [39]). The Judge defined a market as a state of affairs where
there is a willing seller and willing buyer after negotiations (see the GD at
[40]). Having found as such, she noted that the Appellant bore the evidential
burden to show, as it had asserted, the absence of a market (see the GD at
[43]). To determine if it had met this burden, she turned to the two arguments
advanced by the Appellant. The first was that there was no market price index
in Port Blair. Although a market price index was indicative of the existence
of a market, she noted that the lack of an index did not, on its own, prove
the absence of a market (see the GD at [46]). The second was that it would
take a minimum of 20 to 25 days for any seller of river sand to deliver the
goods to Port Blair. This “20 to 25 days” figure came from Mr Loganathan’s own
evidence during cross-examination. In response, the Judge noted that immediate
delivery was not a necessary condition for establishing a market (see the GD
at [53]).

17 Thirdly, the Judge found Mr Loganathan’s evidence persuasive and that it
supported the proposition that the market value of river sand in Port Blair in
the first week of October 2011 was US$46.85 per MT (see the GD at [64]). The
Appellant did not adduce any countervailing evidence of its own. Its only
attempt to do so through its Technical Superintendent, Mr Lau Chung Hon, who
alleged that the price was between S$7 and S$7.50 per MT, was premised
entirely on hearsay (see the GD at [62]).

18 Fourthly, the Judge dismissed the Appellant’s rather belated argument that
the Respondent should have mitigated its loss by purchasing an equivalent
volume of river sand after the conversion. This was for two main reasons.
First, the Respondent had been kept in the dark about what had happened to the
cargo, and was hence in no position to make a decision about whether to, for
instance, source for a replacement (see the GD at [82]). Secondly, the
Appellant’s “mitigation of damages” defence had not been pleaded (see the GD
at [81]).

The parties’ cases on appeal

The Appellant’s case

19 The Appellant’s case before this court was essentially a reprise of the
arguments it had raised (successfully) before the AR and (unsuccessfully)
before the Judge. First, it argued there was no market for river sand in Port
Blair in the first week of October 2011. In doing so, it implicitly accepted
that the first port of call in assessing damages in cases like this was the
market value of the goods. It also agreed that the market in question was that
in Port Blair as at the first week of October 2011. Its only point of
contention was that, contrary to the Judge’s finding, there was no such market
in Port Blair during this period. At best, it argued, there was an
_oligopolistic_ market, which did not count as a market for the purpose of
assessing the market value. The oligopolistic nature of the market was evinced
by the difficulty faced by the Respondent in ascertaining the prices charged
by its competitors as well as the fact that goods had to be imported from
overseas markets.

20 Secondly, the Appellant argued there was no ascertainable market value. Mr
Loganathan’s table was of no probative value. In support of this assertion,
the Appellant seemed to rely once again on the arguments it made to rebut the
existence of a market. In this respect, it seemed that its second argument was
not a distinct one.

21 Thirdly, the Appellant argued that the “general market rule” should in any
case not be relied upon as to do so would result in a windfall accruing to the
Respondent. The Respondent was essentially acting as a middleman in the
transaction involving river sand and in such cases, as was held in the Supreme
Court of Victoria Appeal Division decision of _Furness v Adrium Industries Pty
Ltd_ [1996] 1 VR 668 (“ _Furness_ ”), the damages recoverable should be
“assessed by calculating the cost of replacing [the] stock at the date of
conversion” (at 678). The difference between US$62,950 (the AR’s award, which
represented the “cost price”) and US$141,226 (the Judge’s award) was a
substantial amount (_ie_ , US$78,276). This likely represented the amount of
profits that FTPL would obtain in conducting _its_ business. Implicitly, and
necessarily, the Appellant was arguing that these were profits that the
Respondent would never have made in the course of its (rather different)
business.

22 For completeness, the Appellant also raised a further – and alternative –
argument that if the court were to assess damages on the basis of the market
value, the currency should be in Indian Rupees, not US Dollars, as this was
the currency typically used in the Respondent’s sale transactions. As we
allowed the appeal, this argument was irrelevant and we say no more about
this.

The Respondent’s case

23 In response to the Appellant’s main arguments, the Respondent first argued
that there was an available market for river sand in Port Blair in the first
week of October 2011. It defined “market” as “a state of affairs where there
are sufficient traders who are in touch with [one another]”, citing
_Benjamin’s Sale of Goods_ (Michael G Bridge, gen ed) (Sweet & Maxwell, 8th
Ed, 2010) at para 16-066, and argued that the invoices adduced by FTPL (as
represented in Mr Loganathan’s table reproduced above at [11]) evinced such a
state of affairs. Further, it criticised the Appellant’s assertion that the
market was oligopolistic as: (a) unsupported by evidence; and (b) premised on
an incorrect understanding of the term “oligopoly”.

24 Secondly, the Respondent argued that the market value at the material time
was indeed US$46.85 per MT based on the evidence of Mr Loganathan. Thirdly,
the case of _Furness_ involved different facts. _Furness_ dealt with a claim
by a company – Adrium Industries – that manufactured and imported novelty
items which it sold to wholesalers. The appellant/defendant, Furness, was the
owner of the factory in which Adrium Industries operated. Adrium Industries
left some of their manufactured goods – the subject of their conversion claim
– behind in the factory after they left the premises. Furness sold those
items. In _Furness_ , it was doubtful as to how many of the novelty items
could have been sold and Adrium Industries had failed to call in any evidence
which pointed to a higher cost at the date of the conversion to replace the
goods. Here, however, the Respondent argued, it had adduced evidence to
demonstrate what the market value was.

Issues

25 There were two main issues before this court. First, was the Judge correct
in finding there was a market for the converted river sand at Port Blair in
the first week of October 2011 (“Issue 1”)? Secondly, was the Judge correct in
finding that the market value of the converted river sand was US$46.85 per MT
(“Issue 2”)?

26 The Appellant’s argument centring on the doctrine of mitigation of damages
failed, in our view, at the threshold level for the reasons highlighted by the
Judge. Not only did the Appellant not plead it as a defence, the argument
itself lacked any factual basis. It was undisputed that the Respondent had
only learnt of the whereabouts of the cargo at the eleventh hour – three
months after the expected delivery of the cargo (see above at [8]). It was
therefore in no position to decide if it should purchase a replacement
shipment. Furthermore, it was not the case that the Respondent was simply
taking a backseat throughout the entire episode. Not only was it (through Mr
Rajendhranath) actively monitoring the progress of the voyage, it was in
constant contact with the supplier, Marine Alliance, throughout the first week
of October discussing how to proceed in relation to the missing cargo.

Our decision

27 After hearing arguments, we allowed the appeal. Although we agreed in
principle with the Judge’s view on the law (_ie_ , that the market value
should be the first port of call in assessing damages), we found that a
clarification was necessary: the market value in question must pertain to a
**_relevant_** market, that is, a market in which the claimant is in fact
selling or intending to sell the goods. In this case, the Respondent was
involved in a _very different_ market – one further up the supply chain. There
was no evidence adduced of this particular market, let alone the value at
which goods were sold if such a market existed. To award the Respondent
damages based on the prices typically charged by FTPL would amount to
conferring upon the Respondent a windfall. Given the dearth of evidence of a
**_relevant_** market, we found this an appropriate case where the primary
basis of assessing damages (market value) should yield to the secondary basis
(cost of replacement). We therefore restored the AR’s award. We now proceed to
give the detailed grounds for our decision.

Our grounds

The applicable principles

28 Before examining either of the issues set out above (at [25]), we state
briefly the applicable principles. First, at the broadest level of
abstraction, the object of an award of damages is to compensate the plaintiff
for the damage it has suffered (see the decision of this court in _Chartered
Electronics Industries Pte Ltd v Comtech IT Pte Ltd_ [1998] 2 SLR(R) 1010 (“
_Chartered_ ”) at [16]).

29 Turning more specifically to the issue at hand, we note there is,
understandably, no universal rule for the assessment of damages (see the
decision of this court in _The “Pioneer Glory”_ [2002] 1 SLR(R) 232 (“ _The
Pioneer Glory_ ”) at [47]). The typical approach, however, is to equate the
damages with the value of the goods (see _Chartered_ at [18]), _ie_ , Damages
= Value of the Goods. There may be cases where the plaintiff is also allowed
to recover consequential losses such as loss of profits and losses incurred by
being deprived of the use of the goods (_Chartered_ at [19]), _ie_ , Damages =
Value of the Goods + Consequential Losses.

30 How, then, is the value of the goods determined? Typically, courts look to
the market value (see _Chartered_ at [18]). The most commonly cited
justification for the market value rule is that it is the best approximate of
the loss suffered by the plaintiff who has been deprived of his goods (see
_Chartered_ at [18]; Gary Chan Kok Yew and Lee Pey Woan, _The Law of Torts in
Singapore_ (Academy Publishing, 2011) (“ _The Law of Torts in Singapore_ ”) at
para 11.054; and Harvey McGregor, _McGregor on Damages_ (Sweet & Maxwell, 19th
Ed, 2014) (“ _McGregor on Damages_ ”) at para 36-006). The market price is
typically determined as at the date of conversion (see _The Law of Torts in
Singapore_ at para 11.055), or as in the present case, where goods are
converted in transit, at the date of expected delivery (see the decision of
the Privy Council (on appeal from the Singapore Court of Appeal) in _The “Jag
Shakti”_ [1985-1986] SLR(R) 448 at [13]). Needless to say, to determine a
market value, one must first ascertain if a market exists. “Market” has been
variously defined, as follows:

(a) There is a market if there is a willing seller and willing buyer after
negotiations, notwithstanding that the circle of buyers and sellers may be
small and/or that goods may not be immediately delivered (see the GD at [40]
and [53]).

(b) There must be a sufficient number of traders who are in touch with each
other. In other words, the availability of buyers and sellers, and their ready
capacity to supply or to absorb the relevant goods is the basic concept of an
“available market”. There is no need to add to this the test of a price liable
to fluctuations in accordance with supply and demand, as occurs in official
exchanges or certain commodity markets (see _Benjamin’s Sale of Goods_
(Michael G Bridge, gen ed) (Sweet & Maxwell, 9th Ed, 2014) at para 16-066).

(c) There must be a reasonably available supply of goods and a reasonably
available source of demand for such goods (see _McGregor on Damages_ at para
23-007, citing the English High Court decision of _M &J Marine Engineering
Services Co Ltd v Shipshore Ltd_ [2009] EWHC 2031 (Comm)).

31 We find that the gist across these definitions is, to borrow the Judge’s
words, that there is a _willing_ seller and _willing_ buyer _after
negotiations_. This rules out command economies or monopolies in which there
are no negotiations to speak of (although it may well be the case that the
price which is fixed in either of _these_ two particular contexts would not
only constitute a “market” price of sorts but would also (and more
importantly) be the price which the court has recourse to as a measure of
replacement cost). However, that does not mean only completely free markets
are relevant. It is trite that completely free markets (wherein there is
unrestricted competition between sellers and buyers have perfect information)
are almost non-existent in reality. Market imperfections may be tolerated so
long as the core factors – willingness (of both buyer and seller) and the
ability to negotiate – are present. Oligopolies, for instance, typically
constitute such “imperfect markets”. That said, we would caution against a
preoccupation with labels. In the present case, for example, we note the
Appellant’s argument that the market was “oligopolistic” may have been
predicated on a misunderstanding of what an oligopolistic market in fact is.
The crux is not what label can be ascribed to the market but, rather, whether
the core factors referred to above are present.

32 To this, we add a further point: the market must be a **_relevant_**
market. By this we mean that the claimant must show that it is a participant
of – typically a seller in – that market. This is eminently sensible in the
light of the compensatory aim of awarding damages. That is to say, a claimant
should never be allowed to rely simply on “some other market out there” –
typically somewhere much further down the supply chain – wherein goods are
traded at a vastly more expensive rate. The simple reply to such an argument
is that that particular market is _irrelevant_ as the claimant would _never_
be able to fetch that sort of price were it to sell the goods in the course of
its business. In most cases, the dichotomy between successive “markets” within
a supply chain would be easy to envision as each step in the supply chain
would involve some form of “value adding” to the good which may manifest
physically (such as repackaging the good into a more convenient form). That is
not to say that where no physical change to the good takes place, the various
markets collapse into one another. Rather, a supply chain might still be
necessitated by the goodwill and networks of the various companies involved
along the chain. For instance, those further up the supply chain simply source
for the goods in bulk and transport them to those lower down the supply chain.
The latter then leverage on their extensive networks of clients – clients
presumably located where the goods are harder to come by – and sell to these
clients at a significantly marked-up price.

33 Where the market price cannot be determined, the value of the goods can be
determined, instead, by the _cost of replacement_ , which is typically the
price at which the goods were bought (see _Chartered_ at [18]). Where no
market exists in which to replace the goods, their value is to be fixed at
what the plaintiff could get by sale to a solvent buyer (see _Chartered_ at
[18]).

Issue 1

34 We answered this issue in the affirmative. We found, with respect, that the
Judge had erred in finding that there was a market for the converted river
sand for two reasons. First, it was difficult to conclude, from Mr
Loganathan’s table alone (see above at [11]), that there was any market for
river sand in Port Blair in the first week of October 2011\. Secondly, even if
Mr Loganathan’s table sufficed, the market evinced was an _irrelevant_ market.

35 Turning to the first point, we pause to acknowledge that this was a case in
which there were crucial pieces of evidence missing. First, Mr Loganathan’s
table (see above at [11]) was incomplete in that it did not include sales of
larger quantities of river sand (_ie_ , in the hundreds or thousands of MT).
The Judge did not appear perturbed by this as, she noted, Mr Loganathan “had,
in his testimony, at least attempted to explain the reasons why there would be
no significant pricing difference” between bulk purchases and smaller
purchases (see the GD at [71]). In support of that proposition, the Judge
referred (in a footnote) to a portion of the Notes of Evidence documenting the
re-examination of Mr Loganathan, which reads as follows:

Q:My Learned Friend brought you --- asked you why [FTPL] has not given the
pricing of river sand from other sellers in Port Blair. Can you explain why?

A:I cannot get details from other competitors.

The portion cited did not seem to stand for the proposition that the Judge
stated. Another portion of the transcript, which documents a segment of the
cross-examination of Mr Loganathan, however, did seem relevant. It reads as
follows:

Q:You are talking about ex yard. My question is, if someone were to buy 4300
MT ex ship at Port Blair, the price would be significantly lower than the one
you quoted?

A:There would be a small difference.

Q:In other words, your price is for selling ex yard in small parcels?

A:Retail sales. Some wholesale also, 100MT, 200MT.

Q:Which you did not produce documents on.

A:Those are credit sales. We want to only show cash sale transactions to
reflect the market rate.

36 On Mr Loganathan’s account, the reason he did not provide figures for bulk
sales was that they were credit sales, which were presumably at a lower price,
as can be inferred from his reply “[t]here would be a small difference” to the
question “the price would be significantly lower …?”. However, this seemed at
odds with what he stated during re-examination. When asked why he did not
include documents on credit sales, Mr Loganathan responded that “[p]rices for
credit sale would be 2 or 3% more. Because those are credit sales”. Not only
had Mr Loganathan not explained why bulk purchases were priced similarly to
smaller purchases, his evidence was contradictory – first indicating bulk
purchases were cheaper yet later stating they were “2 or 3%” more expensive.
Furthermore, he did not clearly explain why bulk purchases were more (or less)
expensive (unless it was the case that _all_ bulk purchases were credit
sales). Also, if it was the case that he had access to further records of
sales of a similar volume to the converted river sand, notwithstanding that
they were credit sales, it was highly peculiar that he had chosen not to
include them in his evidence. Would it not have been far more convincing if he
had included records of those sales and _then_ explained them away as
anomalies?

37 The second peculiar point about Mr Loganathan’s table was that it only
documented FTPL’s transactions (wherein FTPL was the seller). The Judge found
that the Respondent’s (or FTPL’s) inability to obtain further figures from
other sellers was understandable given that “competitors would loathe
cooperating with [the Respondent] by revealing their pricing” (see the GD at
[71]). In support of this proposition, the Judge referred once again to the
same portion of the Notes of Evidence documenting the re-examination of Mr
Loganathan (see above at [35]). The closest Mr Loganathan came to explaining
his inability to obtain prices from other competitors was his statement that
“I cannot get details from other competitors” (see above at [35]). We found it
difficult to discern from this single statement any indication that the
industry was of such a competitive and secretive nature that competitors’
prices were impossible to ascertain.

38 These two points mentioned thus far pertain to the difficulties we had with
the evidence that was before the court. That said, we also had difficulty with
evidence that was not before the court but, plainly, should have been. This
included the following:

(a) The first difficulty pertained to the price at which the Respondent
disposed of the _first_ shipment of river sand. It was clear that the 4,300MT
of river sand in question (which constituted the subject matter of the present
proceedings) was the _second_ shipment. No evidence was led to show whether
the first shipment had been sold, and, if sold, to whom and at what price. In
fact, Mr Loganathan’s evidence seemed to imply that the first shipment had
been sold to FTPL. However the price of this sale was not exhibited in
evidence.

(b) The second difficulty pertained to the price at which the Respondent
typically sold river sand on to FTPL. As stated by Mr Loganathan, FTPL
typically bought river sand from the Respondent at Port Blair and would
thereafter sell it on. Not only was there no evidence as to the price at which
the Respondent sold river sand to FTPL, Mr Rajendhranath answered in the
negative during cross-examination when asked if he had provided any documents
to show the transactions between the Respondent and FTPL.

(c) The third difficulty pertained to the price at which the river sand was
eventually sold by the Appellant’s subsidiary. Not only was the Appellant’s
evidence rather confusing in that it first claimed it had sold off the sand
before it took the position that the sand was sold off by its subsidiary
(which bore a very similar name), it also failed to provide any information on
the terms of that sale, save as to state that “the Cargo is not valuable and
is easily replaceable” (see above at [8]).

In short, there were significant lapses in the evidence adduced by both
parties. These lapses not only went to the burden of proof but also
significantly compromised each side’s case theory. Nevertheless, we return to
the point at hand – was Mr Loganathan’s table (see above at [11]) sufficient
to establish the presence of a market in Port Blair at the relevant time? For
the reasons set out above – both the difficulties we had with the table and
the meagre explanations proffered in relation to the lapses in evidence – we
found it was not. On this basis alone, we found ourselves compelled to allow
the appeal.

39 Nevertheless, even if it could be said that Mr Loganathan’s table
constituted sufficient evidence of _a_ market, there was a more important
point to note – it was, at best, evidence of an **_irrelevant_** market.

40 There appeared to be at least three different “markets” in the river sand
industry in the context of the present case, at least as depicted by the
limited evidence presented before the AR (and, by extension, before the Judge
and this court). First, furthest up the supply chain, there was the “wholesale
market”. In this market, companies such as the Respondent purchase river sand
from companies such as Marine Alliance. These sales occur in high quantities
(hundreds or thousands of MT) at relatively low prices (S$6.50 per MT,
excluding port and freight charges). Secondly, at the other end of the supply
chain, there was the “retail market”, whereby companies such as FTPL sell the
river sand on to buyers (the likes of Sankar Contractor & Construction and
Binu Kumar). These sales occur at low quantities (few or several MT) but at
relatively high prices (US$46.85 per MT). Thirdly, there was the market that
connected the retailers to the wholesalers. For instance, the Respondent
typically sold the river sand it purchased (from parties such as Marine
Alliance) to FTPL. The sale would take place at Port Blair. However, as noted
above, no prices were disclosed in relation to such sales. The overall supply
chain can be described as follows:

Original seller – The Respondent – FTPL – Eventual customer

41 The relevant market in this case was the one connecting those in the
position of the Respondent to those in the position of FTPL. Not only had no
prices been disclosed in relation to transactions in _this_ particular market,
there was no evidence at all that such a market even existed. In fact, the
Respondent’s sale of sand to FTPL might just have been a practice unique to
the Respondent and FTPL, whereby the Respondent simply acted as a carrier of
goods. Not only did this seem apparent from the Respondent’s name, Fairmacs
_Shipping and Transport_ Services Pte Ltd (as contrasted with FTPL’s name,
Fairmacs _Trading_ Company Pte Ltd, and the latter’s role as the trading arm
of the “Fairmacs group” of companies, see above at [10]), Mr Rajendhranath
seemed to imply as much during cross-examination. The relevant portion of the
transcript reads as follows:

Q:Can you confirm that [the Respondent] has been dealing in sand for many
years before this shipment?

A:No. [The Respondent] may have been dealing as a carrier, not a buyer. [The
Respondent] has been bringing sand from mainland India for many years only as
a carrier, not as a buyer.

…

Q:So [the Respondent] could have bought sand from other sellers in Port Blair?

A:[The Respondent]? No. [The Respondent] has not bought sand previously. What
I am trying to say, earlier shipment from mainland India, [the Respondent] was
only the carrier to bring the cargo which may belong to other parties
including [FTPL].

42 The portion cited above hinted that the Respondent was simply a carrier of
the river sand (as opposed to being a part of the supply chain). What was
confusing about Mr Rajendhranath’s evidence just quoted above was his seeming
denial that the Respondent had ever bought river sand (and that the river sand
seemingly belonged – at all times – to FTPL). Leaving this aside, the point we
wish to make is that the Respondent could **_never_** have sold the 4,300MT of
river sand converted at the price of US$46.85 per MT. This much was even
readily accepted by counsel for the Respondent during the oral hearing. Any
transaction involving the river sand in question may have constituted a
different stage of the supply chain or it may not even have been part of the
supply chain. The _burden of proof_ was on _the Respondent_ to establish a
**_relevant_** market, and (in so doing) its role in the supply chain. It
failed to meet this burden. This was sufficient to dispose of the matter. But
to complete the picture, we observed further that the only evidence the
Respondent did place before the court cast doubt on its ability to sell the
river sand it procured to anyone other than FTPL. It appeared to be more of a
carrier for FTPL (and FTPL alone) than anything else. If this were the case,
how could it then be said that the damage it suffered should be compensated on
the basis of US$46.85 per MT? Such compensation, if awarded, would, in these
circumstances, surely have constituted a windfall.

43 On the basis that the Respondent had failed to prove the existence of a
market on a balance of probabilities, we found that the replacement cost was a
viable alternative method to assess damages. It was undisputed that US$62,950
was the amount the Respondent had actually paid for the sand. This was also
the amount the AR arrived at. We therefore restored the AR’s award.

Issue 2

44 As we found there was no (_relevant_) market to begin with, there was,
strictly speaking, no need to consider this particular issue (_ie_ , market
value). As mentioned above, in the light of the dearth of evidence adduced to
establish a market (let alone a market value), we preferred the cost of
replacement measure. On this note, and for completeness, we address the
parties’ reliance on _Furness_ (see above at [21] and [24]).

45 In _Furness_ , the victim’s damages were initially assessed on the basis of
the “wholesale price” of the converted goods. To recapitulate, the plaintiff –
Adrium Industries – was in the business of selling to the wholesaler in a
particular novelty goods industry (analogous to Marine Alliance’s position in
this case). On appeal, the Supreme Court of Victoria Appeal Division found
that the judge below had erred in adopting the “wholesale price” and, instead,
assessed the plaintiff’s damages on the basis of the amount it paid for the
goods, _ie_ , the replacement cost. The reason for this was that “the only
evidence about the market [in] which the converted goods were capable of being
purchased by [Adrium Industries] was the market from which it had originally
purchased them[;] [t]here was no evidence which justified an award of damages
by reference to the wholesale price” (at 675).

46 As was the situation in _Furness_ , no evidence was led as to the market in
which the Respondent was selling or intending to sell the converted goods. The
court in _Furness_ appeared to arrive at its conclusion by reasoning that
“market value” could refer either to the market into which the good was going
to be sold by the victim (which seems to correspond to market price) or the
market from which the good was bought by the victim (which corresponds to cost
of replacement). In _Furness_ , the court found the latter to be more
appropriate in the light of the dearth of evidence of the former.

47 Our determination of the second issue also led to the conclusion that the
cost of replacement was the appropriate measure of damages to be adopted in
this case. Further, as the purchase from Marine Alliance was in US Dollars, it
was appropriate for the damages to be awarded in that currency.

Conclusion

48 For the reasons set out above, we allowed the appeal and restored the AR’s
award. We also awarded costs here and below to the Appellant fixed at
S$20,000, excluding reasonable disbursements.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 21 Aug 2015 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

