Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Lin Choo Mee _v_ Tat Leong Development (Pte) Ltd and Others and Other
Matters  
[2015] SGHC 99

Case Number| :| Companies Winding Up Nos 226, 227 and 228 of 2014  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 13 April 2015  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Steven Chong J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  N Sreenivasan SC, Tan Kai Ning Claire, and Zhu Zhihao
Daniel (Straits Law Practice LLC) for the plaintiff; Hui Choon Wai and Ho Si
Hui (Wee Swee Teow & Co) for the third defendant in CWU No 226 of 2014 and the
second defendant in CWU Nos 227 and 228 of 2014.  
Parties| :|  Lin Choo Mee — Tat Leong Development (Pte) Ltd and Others and
Other Matters  
  
13 April 2015| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Steven Chong J:

Introduction

1 This case concerns three separate applications to wind up three companies
owned and managed by a family (“the Tat Leong companies”) on the ground that
it is just and equitable to do so. In 1990, the patriarch of the family, Lin
Whan Chiu (“LWC”) was diagnosed with cancer. He expressed his wishes on the
division of his personal wealth in a handwritten note addressed to his five
sons. His dying wish, after stating his intention on the division, was simply
this – “[a]ll my sons please remember, don’t fight with one another, so that
your father will rest in peace”. He passed away in 1992. Alas, it would appear
that his wish has not been fulfilled with the commencement of the present
actions.

2 LWC had eight children. In order of birth, they are:

(a) Mr Lim Sze Eng (“LSE”) – the eldest son and _de facto_ defendant in this
action.

(b) Ms Lim Lay Chin – the eldest daughter

(c) Mr Lin Choo Mee (“LCM” or “the plaintiff”) – the plaintiff in these
applications.

(d) Mr Lim Chu Leong (“LCL”)

(e) Ms Lim Lek Choon

(f) Mr Lin Joo Hock (“LJH”)

(g) Ms Lim Lay Hua

(h) Mr Lin Tze Kin (“LTK”)[note: 1]

3 It will be observed that only the names of the sons are abbreviated. That is
because LWC’s daughters do not feature in this saga. LWC was – by any account
– an extremely traditional man who, perhaps reflecting the mores of his day,
organised his affairs with strict adherence to two principles: (a) patriarchal
leadership; and (b) primogeniture, _ie_ , that inheritance should be passed
down to male descendants in order of seniority.[note: 2] These two themes
shaped the fortunes of the Tat Leong companies and are central to the present
applications.

4 The family business started in 1977 with the operation of a petrol kiosk
before diversifying into properties. Unsurprisingly (given the two themes),
the eldest son was the driving force in the business. Over time, the business
in Singapore gradually became less active and the family’s fortunes waned.
Dividends have never been declared throughout the history of the group.[note:
3] Presently, its Singapore income comes primarily from the collection of
rental from a single unit at Far East Plaza (“the Far East Plaza unit”).[note:
4] Although the business expanded into China through two subsidiaries, they
have not generated any returns for the group to date.[note: 5] Two of the sons
sold their stakes and exited from the group about a decade ago. Things came to
a head when the plaintiff was not renewed as a director of the various
companies in the group, a position he had occupied for three decades since the
inception of the businesses. This was perhaps the catalyst for the present
applications.

The facts

5 Before discussing the relevant legal issues, it is necessary to trace the
history of the group of companies in some level of detail.

6 As a preface, I note that LWC had been involved in the petroleum business
since the early 1970s through his company, Chip Chuan Trading Company Private
Limited (“Chip Chuan”), of which he was a director and shareholder.[note: 6]
Chip Chuan was in the business of supplying bunkers to ships in Singapore.

Early years – incorporation of the companies and the passing of LWC

Incorporation of Tat Leong Petroleum Company and Tat Leong Petroleum

7 In 1976, LSE, who was 23 years of age at the time,[note: 7] together with
his then-girlfriend (now wife) Ms Tan Lay Hoon (“TLH”), founded a partnership,
Tat Leong Petroleum Company (“TLPC”).[note: 8]

8 On 17 June 1977, LSE and TLH incorporated Tat Leong Petroleum Co (Pte) Ltd
(“TLP”), which is the defendant in Companies Winding Up No 228 of 2014 (“CWU
228/2014”).[note: 9] At the time of TLP’s incorporation, LSE and TLH were the
only shareholders and directors of TLP. On 23 November 1977, one month after
he turned 21, the plaintiff was appointed a director of TLP.[note: 10]

9 On 8 November 1978, the board of directors of TLP (consisting of LSE, TLH,
and the plaintiff) passed two resolutions.[note: 11] In the first, it was
resolved that LWC would be appointed a director of the company. In the second,
it was announced that there would be a third allotment of shares wherein each
of LWC’s five sons and LWC’s wife, Mdm Tan Ah Kar (“TAK”), was each given
10,000 shares. LWC was given 40,000 shares.

Incorporation of Tat Leong Development and Tat Leong Investment

10 On 5 January 1979, Tat Leong Development (Pte) Ltd (“TLD”), the defendant
in Companies Winding Up No 226 of 2014 (“CWU 226/2014”) was incorporated. LSE
and the plaintiff were TLD’s founding directors and they each held a single
ordinary share in TLD. On 28 April 1983, the board of directors of TLD
(consisting of LSE and the plaintiff) passed a resolution appointing LWC and
LCL as directors of the company, taking the total number of directors in TLD
to four: LWC and three of his sons.[note: 12]

11 On 8 August 1983, the board of directors of TLD passed two resolutions. In
the first, it was resolved that LSE’s single share would be transferred to Tat
Leong Investment Pte Ltd (“TLI”) (see [13] below). In the second, it was
resolved that a further allotment of shares would be made to TLI, LWC, and all
of LWC’s sons except for LSE.[note: 13]

12 I pause to observe that, after this allotment of shares, LSE, through his
majority shareholding in TLI, effectively became (and still remains) the main
shareholder in TLD.

13 On 14 May 1983 – TLI, the defendant in Companies Winding Up No 227 of 2014
(“CWU 227/2014” – was incorporated.[note: 14] As in the case of TLD, LSE and
the plaintiff were its founding directors and each held one of the two shares
that were issued.[note: 15] It is common ground that TLI was set up as an
investment holding company with its chief purpose being the holding of shares
in TLD.[note: 16] On 20 May 1983, LWC and LCL were appointed directors of TLI.
This move, which paralleled what took place in TLD, took the total number of
directors in TLI to four: LWC and three of his sons.[note: 17] On 20 July
1983, TLI allotted shares to LSE, the plaintiff, LCL, LJH, and LTK (_ie_ , all
of LWC’s sons), with the bulk of the shares going to LSE.[note: 18]

LWC’s handwritten note and his passing

14 Before his death on 26 June 1992,[note: 19] LWC was diagnosed with cancer.
After learning of his diagnosis, he transferred his shares in TLP and TLD to
LSE.[note: 20] He also authored a handwritten note in Mandarin dated 28
November 1990 addressed to his five sons (“the handwritten note”). Given how
pivotal this note is to the plaintiff’s case, its translated contents are
reproduced here in full:

To my five sons (Ying, Ming, Liang, Fu, Qing)

All the properties of the company and the personal wealth of me and your
mother should be divided into seven equal portions.

Ziying, as the eldest son, will receive two portions; Ziming, Ziliang, Zifu,
Ziqing will receive one portion each.

Your mother, ?Jin, also known as Chen Yajia, will receive one portion. She
will make the decision on how to allocate her portion, none of you should have
any objection.

The three daughters will receive 15,000 dollars in cash each, no one else
should have objections.

If Ziliang has a son, he will receive the legacy __as stated above (- added by
translator)__ ; if he doesn’t have a son, he will receive 300,000 dollars in
cash. He will not be entitled to other legacy.

Any son of Lin Hong Ru [LWC] that does not have a son will receive 300,000 in
cash when getting old.

Ziying, my eldest son, please ensure fair division of the properties according
to my will. Anyone who does not have a son will receive 300,000 in cash when
getting old, and will not be entitle to claim other properties. I hereby
endorse this.

Father

Lin Hong Ru

On Nov 28, 1990 (Oct 12 by Chinese calendar)

All my sons please remember, don’t fight with one another, so that your father
will rest in peace.

[emphasis in original]

15 As is clear from the above, the contents of the handwritten note
demonstrate LWC’s commitment to the two principles of patriarchal leadership
and primogeniture (see [3] above): LWC’s daughters do not have any share in
LWC’s companies, sons without male descendants would not be entitled to claim
other properties but only $300,000 in cash, and LSE, the eldest son, gets a
double-share of the inheritance and is charged with the responsibility of
executing his father’s wishes. It is also notable that “Ziliang’s” (LCL) share
in the property of the company was made contingent on him having a son
(presumably to ensure that shares in the various companies remained in the
hands of LWC’s male descendants, consistent with the principle of
primogeniture).

Growth years – investments and expansion

Bedok Petrol Station

16 On 1 March 1979, TLP purchased a piece of land in Bedok New Town on which
it constructed a petrol station. The purchase of the land and the construction
of the petrol station cost approximately $750,000.[note: 21] This sum was
financed, in part, through an overdraft facility extended by the Development
Bank of Singapore and a loan extended by the Housing and Development Board. At
least $205,000 was provided by LWC.[note: 22] However, the parties disagree on
whether LSE had also contributed a sum of money of $200,000 to this
investment. The plaintiff was the station manager of the Bedok Petrol Station
between 1981 and 1982. Thereafter he managed TLP’s other petrol stations until
1999. Unlike the Bedok Petrol Station, these other stations were not owned by
TLP. TLP was merely granted a licence by Singapore Petroleum Company to
operate them.[note: 23] In 1985, the petrol station located at Bedok New Town
was sold for about $4m.[note: 24]

Property investments

17 In 1986, LWC and TAK, who were the owners of a piece of property at No 5
Teo Kim Eng Road, decided to sub-divide the parcel of land in order that a
portion of it may be redeveloped.[note: 25] On 24 December 1986, LWC and TAK
executed a sale of a portion of No 5 Teo Kim Eng Road to TLD for a sum of
$400,000.[note: 26] The existing property on No 5 Teo Kim Eng Road was
redeveloped and two semi-detached houses (Nos 25 and 27 Jalan Rimau) were
constructed on the parcel of land purchased by TLD. Construction was completed
in September 1990.[note: 27] LCL moved into No 25 Jalan Rimau in 1990 and
moved out in 2000.[note: 28] After LCL left, LTK moved into No 25 Jalan Rimau
and has been residing there since.[note: 29] The plaintiff moved into No 27
Jalan Rimau in 1991 and has been staying there since.[note: 30]

18 In 1990, TLD acquired four shophouses. The first shophouse was sold in 1994
while the other three were sold in 2000. Part of the proceeds was invested in
two Chinese companies: Fujian Putian Minxin Building Coating Materials Co Ltd
(“Fujian Putian”) and Fujian Putian Yongda Construction Materials Co Ltd
(“Yongda”) (collectively, “the Chinese companies”).[note: 31] Sometime after
1991, TLP also purchased the Far East Plaza unit.[note: 32] This unit
initially functioned as the headquarters of the Tat Leong companies but has
been rented out since 2007.[note: 33]

19 In 1994, TLD purchased a plot of land at No 16 Jalan Rimau. This plot of
land was divided into four plots and a house was built on each (Nos 16, 16A,
16B, and 16C Jalan Rimau respectively). Nos 16A and 16B Jalan Rimau were sold
in 1999[note: 34] while No 16 Jalan Rimau was sold in 2009.[note: 35] In 2002,
No 16C Jalan Rimau was sold to LJH for $1.4m.[note: 36]

Overseas investments

20 TLD invested in the Chinese companies in 1987 and 1995 respectively.[note:
37] TLD started out as a minority shareholder but, after several acquisitions
made in 1997 and 2001, is now the sole shareholder in both.[note: 38] In
total, TLD invested or loaned at least $1.7m to the Chinese companies.[note:
39] To date, the Chinese companies have not remitted any profits to any of the
Tat Leong companies.[note: 40] In 1988, TLD also invested in Lions Hong Kong
(a company incorporated in Hong Kong), which has ceased to be a going
concern.[note: 41]

Twilight years – exit of brothers

LCL and LJH’s departure

21 In 2000, LCL, who was then a director of TLD, decided to sell his shares in
the Tat Leong companies. He was paid a sum of $300,000 out of TLD’s
funds.[note: 42] Following the sale, LCL ceased to be a director of the Tat
Leong companies on 11 April 2000.[note: 43] In his place, LTK was appointed as
a director of TLD on 16 June 2000[note: 44] and a director of TLP on 3
February 2004.[note: 45] Following his departure, LCL’s 227,200 shares in TLD
were transferred to LSE.[note: 46] An undated directors’ resolution resolving
to approve the share transfer as well as a document on the waiver of pre-
emption rights signed by LSE, the plaintiff, and LJH were exhibited in
evidence. It is common ground that LCL’s shares in TLI and TLP were also
transferred to LSE.[note: 47]

22 In 2002, LJH also decided to sell his stake in the Tat Leong companies.
When he left, a total of $600,000 was paid to LJH out of TLD’s funds: the
first $300,000 for his shares while the remaining $300,000 was paid for his
stake in No 5 Teo Kim Eng Road.[note: 48] On this occasion, LJH’s shares in
TLD and TLI were distributed equally between the plaintiff and LTK; LJH’s
shares in TLP were transferred to LSE.[note: 49]

LCM ceases to be director of the Tat Leong companies

23 On 23 March 2007, both the plaintiff and LTK ceased to be directors of TLP.
TLH was appointed a director of TLP on the same day. [note: 50] The Change of
Particulars notification filed with the Accounting and Corporate Regulatory
Authority (“ACRA”) states that the plaintiff and LTK had “resigned”. TLH was a
director of TLP at the time of its incorporation (see [7] above) but she
resigned in 1999 and was not reappointed until this occasion.[note: 51]

24 On 7 March 2013, TLD held its annual general meeting (“AGM”). At this
meeting, which was attended only by LSE (acting as the proxy for TLI, TLD’s
majority shareholder) and TLH (appearing as LSE’s proxy), it was resolved that
the plaintiff’s term as a director would not be renewed. In his place, TLH was
appointed as a director of TLD.[note: 52] The plaintiff was not in attendance
at this AGM. On the same day, TLI also held its AGM wherein the plaintiff’s
term as director was not renewed and TLH was appointed in his place.[note: 53]

The present applications

25 By way of two letters dated 30 September 2014 (one to TLD[note: 54] and the
other to TLI[note: 55]) and a third letter dated 28 October 2014 (to
TLP),[note: 56] the plaintiff proposed that the Tat Leong companies be
voluntarily wound up. In their response dated 21 October 2014, TLD and TLI
indicated their disagreement with the proposal and instead demanded payment of
a sum of $315,000 purportedly owed to LSE in respect of rental arrears.[note:
57] The plaintiff replied to propose that he be bought out at a price to be
determined by a valuer appointed by both parties. On 5 November 2014, the
defendants stated that any offer of a buy-out would not be considered pending
the resolution of the issue of the rental arrears.[note: 58]

26 On 13 November 2014, the plaintiff filed the present applications to wind
up the Tat Leong companies under s 254(1)(_i_) of the Companies Act (Cap 50,
2006 Rev Ed) (“Companies Act”) on the ground that it would be just and
equitable to do so. Mr Sreenivasan, counsel for the plaintiff, advanced the
following three submissions in favour of the plaintiff’s applications.[note:
59]

(a) First, he argues that the Tat Leong companies are family companies set up
by the late LWC and that there was a mutual understanding that all male
descendants of LWC would participate in the running of the Tat Leong
companies. He argues that this purpose has been frustrated by the deliberate
exclusion of the plaintiff from the management of the companies.

(b) Second, he contends that the relationship of mutual trust and cooperation
between LSE and the plaintiff has broken down such that they are no longer
able to work in concert in the management and conduct of the Tat Leong
companies.

(c) Third, he submits that the substrata of the Tat Leong companies have
ceased to exist. Further, he submits that the companies have almost no
operational businesses and are operating at a loss, despite the significant
assets they own.

27 LSE opposes the winding up applications and Ms Hui, counsel for LSE,
responded as follows.[note: 60]

(a) First, the Tat Leong companies are not “family companies”. They were not
set up at the behest of LWC but had instead been set up at the initiative of
LSE, who was solely responsible for the management and control of the
companies from the start. To the extent that shares and/or directorships were
awarded to his brothers and his father, this was done solely out of his
goodwill.

(b) Second, there is no legitimate expectation that the sons of LWC are to
cooperate in the running of the Tat Leong companies. Thus, it was well within
LSE’s rights, as the majority shareholder, to vote against the renewal of the
plaintiff’s directorships in TLD and TLI. With respect to TLP, it is plain on
the face of the Directors’ Resolution dated 23 March 2007 (which was signed by
the plaintiff) that the plaintiff’s resignation was voluntary.

(c) Third, all the Tat Leong companies continue to be going concerns. TLI was
always meant to be a holding company which exists solely for the purpose of
holding shares in TLD. TLD has invested in the Chinese companies, which are
profitable. TLP continues to own the Far East Plaza unit which has been rented
out at a profit.

Issues in dispute

28 The following disputed issues lie at the heart of the present applications:

(a) Were the Tat Leong companies set-up as “family companies” in which (i) a
relationship of mutual trust and confidence between the plaintiff and LSE is
central; (ii) there is an expectation that the plaintiff would have a right to
management participation?

(b) What were the circumstances that led to the cessation of the plaintiff’s
directorships in the Tat Leong companies and were the non-renewals of the
plaintiff’s directorships in TLD and TLI made in good faith?

(c) Have the substrata of the Tat Leong companies been lost?

(d) Are the Tat Leong companies a going concern?

Are the Tat Leong companies family companies?

The parties’ arguments

29 Mr Sreenivasan submits that the changes in the profile of the shareholdings
and directorships in the Tat Leong companies clearly show that they were set
up for the purposes of enhancing the family fortune and perpetuating the
family legacy. Apart from that general point, Mr Sreenivasan gives two further
reasons for concluding that the Tat Leong companies are family companies.

(a) First, Mr Sreenivasan submits that LWC, having had experience in the
petroleum business, directed LSE to set up TLPC and provided _all_ the start-
up capital for TLP with the intention that this company was to be for the
benefit of all his male descendants. To that end, Mr Sreenivasan submits that
LWC was the one who directed that shares and directorships in the Tat Leong
companies be given to his sons.[note: 61]

(b) Second, Mr Sreenivasan points to the contents of the handwritten note. He
argues that the scheme of distribution set out in the handwritten note affirms
the fact that the Tat Leong companies are family companies in which the male
descendants of LWC are to have an enduring stake. Mr Sreenivasan points out
that when LCL and LJH divested themselves of the shares in the Tat Leong
companies, they were each paid a sum of $300,000, which is consistent with the
terms of the handwritten note.[note: 62]

30 In response, Ms Hui points out that LSE was always the founding director of
each of the companies and their majority shareholder. She also notes that LWC
had only been allocated shares or a directorship sometime _after_ the
incorporation of the companies. In rebuttal, Ms Hui also makes the following
more specific points:

(a) First, Ms Hui submits that it was LSE, and not LWC, who initiated the
incorporation of TLP. LSE deposed that he had provided at least $200,000 of
the start-up capital for TLP’s investment in the Bedok Petrol station. This
money had purportedly been made through shrewd investments in six tanker
trucks which LSE purchased at a cost of $50,000, five of which (after being
transferred from TLPC to TLP) were re-sold for a total of $200,000.[note: 63]
He explained that he had obtained the initial $50,000 required for the
purchase of the trucks from the sale of his shares in a company named
“Petrocon”.

(b) Second, Ms Hui submits that the handwritten note did not refer to the Tat
Leong companies but instead referred to LWC’s shareholdings in other
companies, most notably, Procarrier Pte Ltd (“Procarrier”) and Lam Hin (1983)
Co Ltd (“Lam Hin”). Ms Hui points out that LWC had transferred all his shares
in TLP and TLD to LSE before his death and submits that LWC did so in
recognition of the fact that the Tat Leong companies were really LSE’s, and
not that of the family.[note: 64]

(c) Third, Ms Hui points out that even the plaintiff admitted, during cross-
examination, that it was LSE who spearheaded most of the investments described
in paragraphs [16]–[20] above.[note: 65]

31 It is undisputed that LSE, as the eldest brother, bore the primary
responsibility of running the Tat Leong companies and, to that end, took the
lead in making many of their critical investment decisions. This is a fact
that the plaintiff candidly admitted during cross-examination.[note: 66]
However, that is of little moment. The question is not whether LSE is the
driving force behind the Tat Leong companies. Rather, the disputed issue is
the _purpose_ for which the Tat Leong companies were set up: _viz_ , whether
they were set up with the _raison d’être_ of promoting the family’s private
interests. I will first start by examining the changes in the shareholdings
and directorships of the Tat Leong companies over the years before considering
each of the parties’ more specific points in greater detail.

History of shareholding and directorships

32 I will first set out the changes in the shareholding and directorships of
the Tat Leong companies throughout the years. I begin with TLP.

Year |  Shareholding |  Directors  
---|---|---  
17 June 1977 |  LSE – 50% TLH – 50% |  LSE TLH  
23 November 1977 |  LSE – 50% TLH – 50% |  LSE TLH plaintiff  
8 November 1978  |  LWC – 14.81% LSE – 14.81% plaintiff – 14.81% TAK – 11.11% TLH – 11.11% LCL – 11.11% LJH – 11.11 % LTK – 11.11% |  LSE TLH plaintiff LWC  
1991 (after LWC learnt he had cancer) |  LSE – 29.62% plaintiff – 14.81% TAK – 11.11% TLH – 11.11% LCL – 11.11% LJH – 11.11 % LTK – 11.11% |  LSE TLH plaintiff LWC  
16 June 2000 (after LCL’s exit) |  LSE – 40.73% plaintiff – 14.81% TAK – 11.11% TLH – 11.11% LJH – 11.11 % LTK – 11.11% |  LSE plaintiff  
2002 (after LJH’s exit) |  LSE – 51.84% plaintiff – 14.81% TAK – 11.11% TLH – 11.11% LTK – 11.11% |  LSE plaintiff  
3 February 2004 |  LSE – 51.84% plaintiff – 14.81% TAK – 11.11% TLH – 11.11% LTK – 11.11% |  LSE plaintiff LTK  
23 March 2007 |  LSE – 51.84% plaintiff – 14.81% TAK – 11.11% TLH – 11.11% LTK – 11.11% |  LSE TLH  
  
  

33 I now move on to TLD:

Year |  Shareholding |  Directors  
---|---|---  
5 January 1979 |  LSE – 50% plaintiff – 50% |  LSE plaintiff  
28 April 1983 |  LSE – 50% plaintiff – 50% |  LSE plaintiff LWC LCL  
8 August 1983 |  TLI – 50.35% plaintiff – 9.93% LWC – 9.93% LCL – 9.93% LJH – 9.93% LTK – 9.93% |  LSE plaintiff LWC LCL  
1991 (after LWC learnt he had cancer) |  TLI – 50.35% plaintiff – 9.93% LSE – 9.93% LCL – 9.93% LJH – 9.93% LTK – 9.93% |  LSE plaintiff LWC LCL  
16 June 2000 (after LCL’s exit) |  TLI – 50.35% plaintiff – 9.93% LSE – 19.86% LJH – 9.93% LTK – 9.93% |  LSE plaintiff LTK  
2002 (after LJH’s exit) |  TLI – 50.35% plaintiff – 14.90% LSE – 19.86% LTK – 14.90% |  LSE plaintiff LTK  
7 March 2013 |  TLI – 50.35% plaintiff – 14.90% LSE – 19.86% LTK – 14.90% |  LSE TLH LTK  
  
  

34 Finally, I turn to TLI:

Year |  Shareholding |  Directors  
---|---|---  
14 May 1983 |  LSE – 50% plaintiff – 50% |  LSE plaintiff  
20 May 1983 |  LSE – 50% plaintiff – 50% |  LSE plaintiff LWC LCL  
20 July 1983 |  LSE – 54.75% plaintiff – 11.31% LCL – 11.31% LJH – 11.31% LTK – 11.31% |  LSE plaintiff LWC LCL  
2000 (after LCL’s exit) |  LSE – 66.1% plaintiff – 11.31% LJH – 11.31% LTK – 11.31% |  LSE plaintiff  
2002 (after LJH’s exit) |  LSE – 66.1% plaintiff – 16.96% LTK – 16.96% |  LSE plaintiff  
7 March 2013 |  LSE – 66.1% plaintiff – 16.96% LTK – 16.96% |  LSE TLH  
  
  

35 From the foregoing, three clear trends may be discerned. First, only
members of LWC’s family ever held shares in the Tat Leong companies.[note: 67]
Second, (save for the exception of TLH) _only_ LWC and his male descendants
ever held directorships in the Tat Leong companies and the plaintiff and LSE
were the founding directors of both TLD and TLI. Third, LSE held onto the bulk
of the shares in all the Tat Leong companies. From the foregoing, it appears,
_prima facie_ , that the Tat Leong companies do appear to be “family
companies” in the sense that ownership and management are kept within the
members of one family.

The role of LWC in the incorporation of the Tat Leong Companies

36 I now move on to deal with the first specific ground of contention: the
circumstances surrounding the incorporation of the Tat Leong companies. I
begin with TLP. Critical to the determination of this issue is the dispute
over the provenance of the funding for TLP’s investment in the Bedok Petrol
Station. The plaintiff argues that LSE basically acted as LWC’s proxy in
setting up TLPC (and later converting it to TLP) and that it was LWC alone
(with the assistance of loans taken out from DBS and HDB) who funded TLP’s
initial foray into the petroleum business – the investment in the Bedok Petrol
Station. By contrast, the defendant argues that TLP was LSE’s brainchild and,
to that end, LSE had invested $200,000 of his own money (which he obtained
from a profitable resale of several trucks) into the setting up of Bedok
Petrol Station. On balance, I find the plaintiff’s account of events to be
more likely.

37 For a start, I find LSE’s story about the trucks to be an afterthought.
This story (the fact that he earned $50,000 from selling his shares in
“Petrocon” which he used to purchase six trucks that were resold for a four-
fold profit) is conspicuously absent from his affidavit of evidence-in-chief
(“AEIC”). It was only raised belatedly during cross-examination after it was
revealed that LSE (who was only 23 when TLPC was set up and had been drawing a
monthly salary of $800) could not possibly have earned enough money to
contribute $200,000 towards the investment in the Bedok Petrol Station.[note:
68]

38 In fact, LSE’s evidence on the trucks contradicts his AEIC insofar as his
AEIC states that he “transferred $200,000 from TLPC to TLP” (_ie_ , $200,000
in funds)[note: 69] when his evidence on the stand was that he transferred
_five trucks which were eventually sold for $200,000_.[note: 70] Furthermore,
it is unsupported by documentary evidence. An ACRA search tendered by the
plaintiff revealed that one “Petrocon Company”, a sole proprietorship, was
registered in 25 November 1975 and that the last owner Tan Geok Teck came into
ownership on 1 March 1977.[note: 71] There is no mention that the plaintiff
was ever a shareholder of Petrocon. Such gaps in evidence frequently occur
when a last minute explanation is conjured up in an attempt to address
shortcomings in one’s evidence. This was one such case.

39 I should also mention that, during the hearing of the plaintiff’s
application to cross-examine LSE on his affidavits which I eventually granted
on 23 February 2015, I expressed some reservation about the source of LSE’s
alleged initial capital investment of $200,000 in TLP given his relative youth
and his modest monthly salary at the material time. The belated and contrived
explanation about the trucks (which is unsupported by any objective evidence)
appears to have been thought up as a direct response to my reservation.

40 Ms Hui submits that TLH’s role as a director in TLP falsifies the
hypothesis that the Tat Leong companies were meant to be family companies. She
argues that if the Tat Leong companies were really meant to be “family
companies” then TLH (who was then only LSE’s girlfriend and was therefore an
outsider) would never have been allowed to be a shareholder and director.

41 The plaintiff had addressed this by testifying that LWC had “income tax
problem[s]” in 1976 and was therefore unable to incorporate TLP himself.[note:
72] Although the precise details of LWC’s tax predicament are unknown, this
point was not challenged by the defendants.[note: 73] The plaintiff also
elaborated that LWC had always intended for him to have a role in the company.
This could not be done in 1976 (when TLPC was first formed) because the
plaintiff was then under-aged but it was swiftly rectified the moment he
turned 21, when he was immediately appointed a director. This would explain
why (a) TLP was unique in that it was the only company in the Tat Leong
companies to have a female director (TLH);[note: 74] and (b) why the plaintiff
was made a director immediately upon turning 21 and, thereafter, became the
founding director of both TLD and TLI. This would also explain why LWC, who
had undeniably provided at least $205,000 for the initial capital of TLP, was
not listed as a founding shareholder of TLP.

42 On the whole, I accept the plaintiff’s evidence that it was LWC – with his
experience in the petroleum industry[note: 75] and the financial wherewithal
to make the investments – who directed that LSE set up TLP and provided the
seed capital for TLP’s investment in the Bedok Petrol Station.

43 I move to TLD and TLI. I find it highly significant that the plaintiff and
LSE were the founding directors of _both_ TLD and TLI. Furthermore, I note
that shares in both companies were distributed to all of LWC’s sons in quick
succession: 20 July 1983 (in the case of TLI), and 8 August 1983 (in the case
of TLD) (see: [11] and [13] above). To me, this appears to be consistent with
the plaintiff’s submission that it was always intended that (a) the plaintiff
and LSE work together in the running of the Tat Leong companies; and (b) that
LWC’s sons would have a stake in the Tat Leong companies.

44 LSE’s explanation for “gifting” the shares to his brothers is unconvincing.
His story, which, once again, only came out during cross-examination and did
not feature in his AEIC, was a convoluted story about how – when TLPC was
first founded in 1976 – his brothers had assisted him by replacing the
(poisonous) anti-corrosive paint on the trucks he had purchased and that,
being extremely grateful, he resolved to give his brothers shares in his
companies.[note: 76] Aside for being far-fetched, this explanation fails to
convince because it would not explain (a) why the grant of shares (and
directorships) was the means through which LSE chose to demonstrate his
gratitude; and (b) why he did this _consistently for each of the Tat Leong
companies_ , even into the mid-1980s, even though the incident concerning the
trucks allegedly occurred in 1976.

45 On balance, I prefer the plaintiff’s evidence that TLD and TLI, just like
TLP before them, were set up at the behest of LWC, who continued to shape the
future of the companies by directing that shares be allotted to the family
members and that his sons be given directorships in both companies.[note: 77]

The handwritten note

46 The second specific ground of contention concerns the handwritten note. Ms
Hui submits that the handwritten note, having been made in 1990, is not
contemporaneous with the incorporation of the companies and is therefore of
little value as it could not reflect LWC’s intentions at the time the Tat
Leong companies were incorporated.[note: 78] In my view, this submission
misunderstands the nature of the present exercise. In trying to determine what
the character of a company is, this court is not restricted to examining the
parties’ intentions at the time of incorporation, in a manner akin to
determining the intentions of parties at the formation of a contract. Rather,
the inquiry is more wide-ranging. It can and should take into account post-
incorporation events if it is probative. On the facts, the handwritten note
provides valuable insight into LWC’s attitude _vis-à-vis_ the Tat Leong
companies and may be useful for determining if he always saw the Tat Leong
companies as family companies.

47 As a starting point, I accept Mr Sreenivasan’s submission that LWC could
only have been referring to the Tat Leong companies in his handwritten note. I
note the following. First, at the time of its writing, LWC was a shareholder
of Lam Hin and Procarrier but he was only actively involved in the Tat Leong
companies (chiefly, TLP and TLD, where he remained a director).[note: 79]
LWC’s interests in Procarrier and Lam Hin pale in comparison to his interest
in the Tat Leong companies. Second, the handwritten note referred to the
“properties of the company”. It is common ground that Tat Leong companies
continue to own several properties. On the other hand, there is no evidence
before the court that Lam Hin and/or Procarrier own any property. Third, the
handwritten note also referred to the personal wealth of LWC and TAK. That
clearly included their stakes in the Tat Leong companies.

48 With that in mind, I believe the handwritten note, while not strictly
enforceable, is nonetheless useful for three reasons. First, it is clear that
LWC believed he had the standing to make provisions for the future of the Tat
Leong companies. The imperative tone of the note supports the plaintiff’s case
that LWC was the patriarch of the family and the controlling mind behind the
Tat Leong companies who felt that he could shape the future of the Tat Leong
companies in a manner which ensured that all members of the family would be
provided for. This gives further reason to conclude that LWC was responsible
for the incorporation of the companies.

49 Second, the note is useful because it explains why, before his death, LWC
transferred his shares to LSE and not to his other sons. As it emerges from
the handwritten note, LWC not only intended to give LSE, as his eldest son, a
double-portion of the inheritance but also trusted LSE with executing the
provisions of his testament. When viewed in this light, it is not unusual for
LWC to have transferred his shares to LSE in order that the latter, as his
eldest son, could ensure a “fair division”. In fact, this is consistent with
the testimony of the plaintiff who, when questioned on the purpose behind the
incorporation of TLI, candidly admitted that LSE had been given a majority
shareholding in TLI (and, by extension, a majority shareholding in TLD)
because, as the eldest son, he was to step in should there be any conflict
between the brothers.[note: 80]

50 Third, as submitted by Mr Sreenivasan, the provisions of the handwritten
note continue to dictate the manner in which the affairs of the Tat Leong
companies are conducted even after the death of LWC. This is an issue which
has generated disagreement between the parties and I shall deal with it in the
succeeding paragraphs.

The circumstances surrounding the exit of LCL and LJH

51 As a starting point, it is common ground that both LCL and LJH do not have
sons and, when they sold their shares in the Tat Leong companies, they were
paid $300,000 each.[note: 81] This pay-out appears consistent with the
provisions of the handwritten note which, at the 7th paragraph, provides that
“[a]nyone who does not have a son will receive 300,000 in cash when getting
old, and _will not be entitle [sic] to claim other properties_ ” [emphasis
added]. It was no coincidence that LCL’s and LJH’s shares were sold at
different times but yet, the pay-outs to each matched the direction LWC left
in the handwritten note. Furthermore, it is notable that, when LCL left the
Tat Leong companies (being paid $300,000 for his shares), he also moved out of
No 25 Jalan Rimau. This tracks the instructions in the handwritten note, which
states that “[if] Ziliang [LCL] has a son, he will receive the legacy… if he
doesn’t have a son, he will receive 300,000 dollars in cash. _He will not be
entitled to other legacy_.” By contrast, the three remaining sons, LSE, the
plaintiff and LTK, each having sons of their own, continue to be shareholders
and directors of the Tat Leong companies (save for the non-renewal of the
plaintiff’s directorships: see [23] and [24] above). This seems to mirror the
provisions of the handwritten note, which provide that LWC’s sons with male
descendants are to have a stake in the properties of the Tat Leong companies.
There are two disputed issues surrounding the exits of LCL and LJH. The first
concerns the source of the funds used in the buy-out. The second concerns the
question of valuation.

52 On the issue of the source of the funds to buy out LCL and LJH, it is
common ground that the payment was paid out from TLD’s funds.[note: 82]
However, LSE avers that he was the ultimate source of the funds since he had
been putting his personal monies into TLD for some time and that this was
reflected in the company’s books as an “amount owing to director”.[note: 83]
Mr Sreenivasan vigorously disputes this and submits that the company accounts
do not support LSE’s testimony. He pointed out that, in TLD’s accounts for the
year ending 30 June 2002, the amount reflected as being owed to a director is
just $25,759 (rather than a sum of at least $600,000, as one would expect if
the pay-outs had been funded by LSE). On this basis, he submits that LSE was
not truthful when he said that he had provided TLD with the funds to pay LCL
and LJH.[note: 84] When cross-examined on this discrepancy, LSE could not
offer an explanation short of saying that he disagreed with Mr
Sreenivasan.[note: 85] Further, Ms Hui neither re-examined LSE on this issue
nor offered a contrary explanation.

53 In the circumstances, I accept Mr Sreenivasan’s submission that the sum of
$600,000 paid to LJH and LCL for their shares came from TLD and not from LSE,
whether directly or indirectly. Effectively, TLD had used its funds to
purchase both sets of shares, which were transferred to LSE, the plaintiff and
LTK. This is significant for two reasons. First, it gives further reason to
believe that the Tat Leong companies were still – at least until as recently
as 2002 – operating according to principles set out by LWC. Second, it
demonstrates that ownership of the Tat Leong companies was clearly meant to be
kept within the family.

54 On the issue of valuation, LSE deposed that the quantum of $300,000 was
arrived at by mutual agreement during a discussion the brothers had preceding
the exit of LCL[note: 86] whereas the plaintiff avers that this sum of
$300,000 was paid out pursuant to the provisions of the handwritten
note.[note: 87] However, during cross-examination, LSE was unable to provide
any details on when or where this meeting took place.[note: 88] On balance, I
accept the plaintiff’s evidence. The similarities between the provisions in
the handwritten note and the events which took place are too obvious to
ignore. First, the shares in the Tat Leong companies were clearly worth more
than $300,000 but yet were sold at the _same price_ , _two years apart_ , in
the absence of any external valuation. Second, these shares were _paid for by
TLD but redistributed to the other brothers with male descendants_.

55 There is no suggestion by LSE that, following the exits of LCL and LJH the
family character of the Tat Leong companies between 2002 and 2013 (when the
plaintiff’s directorships were not renewed) underwent significant changes. To
my mind, it is clear that the affairs of the Tat Leong companies, _even after
the death of LWC_ , continue to be conducted in accordance with the wishes of
the patriarch as set out in the handwritten note. I accept Mr Sreenivasan’s
submission that this is further evidence that the Tat Leong companies were,
and still continue to be, family companies.

56 In conclusion, I accept Mr Sreenivasan’s submission that it was LWC who
initiated the incorporation of the Tat Leong companies as corporate vehicles
for the furtherance of the family’s private interests. While, I do not
entirely agree with his submission (see [26(a)] above) that _all_ of LWC’s
male descendants were meant to be involved in the management of the Tat Leong
companies (given the evidence that LJH was never a director of any of the Tat
Leong companies) it is clear that there was an understanding that the sons
with male descendants _including the plaintiff_ would be involved in the
management of the Tat Leong companies. This is made abundantly clear from the
handwritten note and the fact that the plaintiff was made a director of TLP
the moment he turned 21 and was the founding director of both TLD and TLI,
which were positions he held until fairly recently.

Why did the plaintiff lose his position as a director?

57 With respect to TLP, I agree with Ms Hui that the evidence shows that the
plaintiff had resigned his directorship. A Directors’ Resolution dated 23
March 2007 (signed by the plaintiff) records the plaintiff as having resigned
his position as director in TLP (see [27(b)] above). The plaintiff did not
dispute that he had signed the Resolution. In my view, this Resolution is
determinative. Not only did the plaintiff sign the resolution but he also
acquiesced to this state of affairs for the next _eight years_. It does not
lie in his mouth to now challenge his removal as being involuntary.

58 With respect to TLD and TLI, it is common ground that the plaintiff was not
_removed_ from his position as director _per se_. Rather, it was a case of
non-renewal. In the case of TLD, a decision – made in the plaintiff’s absence
at an AGM attended only by LSE and TLH (see [24] above) ­– was taken not to
renew his directorship for another term. With respect to TLI, it appears that
he attended the AGM but did not have any say in the eventual decision as
regards the non-renewal of his directorship.[note: 89] For present purposes,
what is important is the _reason_ why the plaintiff’s directorships were not
renewed:

(a) LSE avers that the plaintiff’s directorship was not renewed because he had
refused to act as a guarantor for an additional credit facility of $3.8m
($800,000 more than the previous facility) which TLD had sought from United
Overseas Bank (“UOB”).[note: 90] At that time, UOB’s letter of offer required
all directors of TLD to stand as guarantors of the facility. LSE states that
this facility was vital to the financial health of TLD because it would have
enabled it to pay off a substantial portion of the arrears it had accrued on
its overdraft account (on which interest was chargeable at a rate of 6% per
annum as compared to the 1.75% interest rate on the credit facility).
Consequently, he decided not to renew the plaintiff’s directorship “out of
necessity”.[note: 91]

(b) The plaintiff, on the other hand, submits that LSE had deliberately
intended to exclude him from the management of TLD. To that end, Mr
Sreenivasan argues that the dispute over the credit facility was a ruse
because TLD could still draw on an additional sum of approximately $800,000 on
its existing credit facility of $3m so there was no need for another facility
to be agreed.[note: 92] He points out that when the plaintiff questioned LSE
on this, the latter did not have any satisfactory explanation.[note: 93]

59 To my mind, there is one fact that is critical to this issue which escaped
the attention of the plaintiff. When the additional facility was eventually
concluded on 31 January 2013, it was signed only by LSE and TLH (and not by
LTK who, like the plaintiff, had refused to be a guarantor).[note: 94]
However, LTK continues to remain a director of TLD.[note: 95]

60 I draw two inferences from this. First, it clearly shows that there was no
necessity – based purely on the need to conclude the credit facility alone –
for the plaintiff’s directorship to have ceased. It appears that, between the
time of the first letter of offer (which stipulated that all the directors –
LSE, the plaintiff, and LTK – had to stand as guarantors) and the second, LSE
managed to negotiate the terms of the facility to remove the requirement that
all directors stand as guarantors. Second, the fact that LTK continued to be a
director even though both he and the plaintiff had refused to be guarantors
suggests that the decision not to renew the plaintiff’s directorship could not
have been based on the refusal to sign the guarantee alone. To put this in
context, I note that the 7 March 2013 AGM was the first one that was called in
nearly two decades and there is no suggestion that directorships in TLD came
up for renewal regularly.[note: 96] In the circumstances, I can only infer
that the decision not to renew the plaintiff’s directorship was deliberate and
was not made in good faith.

61 In any case, it is clear that the outcome of this removal was that the
plaintiff ceased to have any management role in TLD, as is clear from the fact
that his request to inspect TLD’s accounts was refused on the basis that he
was no longer a director of the company and therefore did not have any right
to inspection.[note: 97]

The substrata of the Tat Leong companies

62 In _Chua Kien How v Goodwealth Trading Pte Ltd and another_ [1992] 1 SLR(R)
870 (“ _Chua Kien How_ ”) at [15], the Court of Appeal, quoting the decision
of the lower court, observed that a “company’s substratum is the main object
which it was formed to achieve” and that if a company is no longer able to
achieve the object for which it was formed, it may be wound up on the just and
equitable ground.

63 The plaintiff submits that the substrata of the Tat Leong companies have
been lost for the following reasons:

(a) TLP was formed for the purposes of the transportation of petroleum
products and the operation of petrol stations, none of which it does
today.[note: 98]

(b) TLD was formed for the purposes of property development and investment,
but now only owns only two properties – Nos 25 and 27 Jalan Rimau (both of
which are not generating any rental income) – and has not acquired any new
property in nearly 20 years.[note: 99]

(c) TLI was formed as a holding company whose purpose is to hold shares in
TLD. The plaintiff submits that if TLD were wound up, it should follow that
TLI ought to be wound up as well.[note: 100]

64 In my view, the plaintiff’s arguments in this area suffer from one critical
defect: all the events of which the plaintiff now complains took place _while
the plaintiff was still a director_. The Tat Leong companies have been
functioning in their current state for at least the past 20 years. TLP has not
been active in the petroleum industry since the Singapore Petroleum Company
withdrew its petrol station operating licence in 1999 (after which it was
content to subsist only on the rental income from the Far East Plaza unit).
Similarly, TLD has not purchased a new property in nearly 20 years but has
ploughed its money into the Chinese companies.

65 In _Sim Yong Kim v Evenstar Investments Pte Ltd_ [2006] 3 SLR(R) 827 (“
_Evenstar_ ”), the petitioner and his brother agreed to pool their shares in
Sinwa Limited (“Sinwa”) into a dormant company, Evenstar Investments Pte Ltd
(“Evenstar”). Some years later, the petitioner applied for Evenstar to be
wound up, _inter alia_ , on the ground that the original object of Evenstar
was to hold the brothers’ shares in Sinwa but that it had departed from this
purpose since it now made and held investments in a number of other assets. In
rejecting this argument, the Court of Appeal noted that Evenstar had been
making investments in other companies since its inception and that it did so
with the acquiescence, if not the explicit agreement, of the petitioner who
was a director and shareholder of Evenstar. Thus, the petitioner could not now
argue that Evenstar ought to be wound up on the basis that it had departed
from the original object for which it had been set up.

66 In the instant case, TLP’s dormancy in the petroleum business and TLD’s
investments in the Chinese companies were all matters which took place under
the plaintiff’s watch. Having not protested in the past, the plaintiff must be
taken to have acquiesced, if not explicitly agreed, to a departure from the
original object of the companies. He cannot now commence proceedings to wind
up the company on the basis that the objects for which they had been formed
have been abandoned.

Are the Tat Leong companies a going concern?

67 The financial statements speak for themselves. TLP has had no business
operations since 1999[note: 101] and, in 2013, only earned a small net profit
of $248 from the rental of the Far East Plaza unit.[note: 102]TLD registered
an accumulated loss of $3.3m as at June 2013.[note: 103] TLI is a holding
company and has no business operations of its own.

68 The only dispute concerns the _future_ profitability of TLD. LSE claims
that the Chinese companies are profitable and that, by extension, TLD is still
a going concern.[note: 104] The plaintiff focuses on the fact that the Chinese
companies have yet to remit a cent to TLD, despite having operated for more
than 20 years and should be discounted for the purpose of determining TLD’s
profitability.

69 However, in my view, the future profitability of the Tat Leong companies is
not directly relevant to this dispute. The profitability of a company would be
relevant if one were bringing an application for winding up on grounds of
insolvency: _ie_ , an application for winding up under s 254(1)(_e_) of the
Companies Act that the “company is unable to pay its debts”. However, the
present applications were brought under s 254(1)(_i_) of the Companies Act.

70 In _Re Suburban Hotel Company_ (1867) LR 2 Ch App 737 (“ _Suburban Hotel_
”), the English Court of Appeal had to consider an application for the winding
up of a company on the basis that it was just and equitable to do so, _inter
alia_ , because the company’s sole investment – a hotel at Hampstead – was
running at a loss and that there was little possibility that it could turn a
profit. In rejecting that argument, Lord Cairns LJ held that, short of
insolvency (which was an entirely separate ground for winding up), a minority
could not rely on the unprofitability of a company _per se_ as a basis for
invoking the court’s jurisdiction to wind up a company on just and equitable
grounds. In his speech at 750–751, his Lordship said:

… the **winding-up process of the Court, cannot be used, and ought not to be
used, as the means of evoking a judicial decision as to the probable success
or non-success of a company as a commercial speculation**. … it is not for
this Court now to pronounce, and, above all, **not for this Court to pronounce
on opinion-evidence, that this is likely to be an unprofitable speculation;
and that, therefore, at the wish of a minority of shareholders, against the
will of a large majority, the company should be wound up** and put an end to.
[emphasis added in bold]

71 I respectfully agree with Lord Cairn LJ’s analysis. It is neither
profitable nor necessary to engage in speculation over the future
profitability of a company in an application for winding up based on the just
and equitable ground. With that being said, however, I accept Mr Sreenivasan’s
submission that the viability and profitability of a company is no bar to it
being wound up on just and equitable grounds (see _Re Lee Tung Co (Pte) Ltd
and other matters_ [2008] 1 SLR(R) 800 at [57]). In view of the foregoing, the
profitability or lack thereof of the Tat Leong companies is not, _per se_ ,
decisive of the applications.

Would it be just and equitable for the Tat Leong companies to be wound up?

72 Given my analysis concerning the substrata of the companies and their
profitability (see [62]–[71] above), it only remains for me to consider the
plaintiff’s two remaining arguments in favour of winding up: (a) the breakdown
of a relationship of mutual trust and confidence; and (b) the plaintiff’s
exclusion from management participation in the Tat Leong companies. Each will
be considered in turn.

73 As a preliminary point, I will first deal with Ms Hui’s submission on the
_bona fides_ of the present applications. Ms Hui submits that the present
applications were not made in good faith because the true reason for the
present applications is that the plaintiff is no longer willing to accept the
business risks associated with the operation of the business (as evinced by
his refusal to sign the guarantees) and now wishes to exit the Tat Leong
companies.[note: 105] With respect, I am not persuaded. I fail to see how the
plaintiff’s refusal to sign the guarantees in 2013 suggests that he lacks good
faith in bringing the _present_ applications. An allegation that the
application is not made in good faith is a serious one and must be
substantiated with clear evidence, which is lacking. While it is clear that
the relationship between the plaintiff and LSE is very strained, that fact
alone is not a sufficient basis for asserting that the present applications
are not brought in good faith. Furthermore, as I have shown, it is clear that
the plaintiff’s grievances are genuine.

Has there been a breakdown of mutual trust and confidence?

74 Much has been made of the fact that we are dealing with “family companies”.
However, the expression “family company” is a protean one. If it were used
broadly to refer only to the fact that the shareholders comprise members of
the same family, then there is no reason why such a company would be any more
susceptible to being wound up on a just and equitable basis than any other
company. The expression “family company” carries significance only if it is
understood in the narrow sense to mean that the company in question is akin to
a “quasi-partnership” in which mutual trust and confidence between its members
is central to the subsistence of the company. This comes through clearly in
the following extract from _Chow Kwok Chuen v Chow Kwok Chi and another_
[2008] 4 SLR(R) 362 (“ _Chow Kwok Chuen_ ”) at [33]:

… **Only where the family interest is closely related to the**** _raison
d’être_****of the company, will mutual trust and confidence be as important as
in a quasi-partnership.** For example, if three siblings decided to
incorporate a company to start manufacturing toys, their family relationship
would be incidental to the business of the company, and the court would have
to consider how the business was being run to see if there existed
partnership-type obligations of mutual trust and confidence, in order to begin
the inquiry of whether there were just and equitable grounds to wind it up.
But **where, as in the present case, the family interest is fundamental to the
purpose of the company, then the inextricability of the family relations from
the business relations amongst the directors may provide justification for
equitable winding up of the company because in such a set-up mutual trust and
confidence are paramount**. [emphasis added in bold]

75 On the facts, I find that the Tat Leong companies are “family companies” in
the narrow sense of the term – _ie_ , a relationship of mutual trust and
confidence is central to the existence of the Tat Leong companies. This is so
for at least the following three reasons: (a) the shares were and are closely
held by family members; (b) the directors held their positions by virtue of
blood ties rather than commercial considerations; and (c) the shareholders and
directors held their shares and directorships by virtue of inheritance instead
of by voluntary subscription (see _Chow Kwok Chuen_ at [34]).

76 It does not matter that the relationship between the brothers was never one
of equals. In _Fisher v Cadman_ [2005] EWHC 377 (Ch) (“ _Fisher_ ”), the
English High Court had to consider, _inter alia_ , an application for the
winding up of a family company under s 122(1)(_g_) of the Insolvency Act 1986
(c 45) (UK). The company was set up by the petitioner’s father in 1961, and he
ran it with the assistance of his two sons (the petitioner’s brothers) who,
after the death of their father in 1994, were in complete control of the
company. At all material times, it was clear that the petitioner’s role in the
company was marginal: there was no agreement that she should have a management
role, she did not provide any capital for the company, and she was involved in
the company only because she was given or inherited her shareholding from her
parents. Notwithstanding the above, the court found that the company was
founded as a quasi-partnership (and continued to operate as one even after the
death of the father) so the equitable constraints on the behaviour of the
brothers operated not just between the controlling brothers but also as
between them and the petitioner, the minority shareholder.

77 In the present case, the plaintiff’s role in the Tat Leong companies is far
more significant than that of the petitioner in _Fisher_. However, it is
undeniable that he played second fiddle to LSE (see above at [31]). However,
this is not the issue. The point is that the relationship between the members
of the Tat Leong companies is one which is founded on a relationship of mutual
trust and confidence and, on the facts, it is clear that this relationship of
mutual trust and confidence between LSE and the plaintiff has disintegrated.
If the filing of the present applications were not proof enough, the non-
renewal of the plaintiff’s directorships in TLD and TLI and LSE’s subsequent
refusal to allow inspection of TLD’s accounts (see [61] above) are further
reasons to believe that there is little love lost between the plaintiff and
LSE.

78 I also note that there is a fractious disagreement over rental arrears
purportedly owed by the plaintiff to LSE totalling $315,000 in respect of No
27 Jalan Rimau (a property in which the plaintiff has resided since 1991).
Although this dispute is strictly not before me, the demand for the alleged
rental arrears has some bearing on the breakdown of the relationship of mutual
trust and confidence between LSE and the plaintiff. I am of the view that
there is no legal basis upon which LSE can legitimately claim the sum of
$315,000 he now demands. This is so for three reasons.

(a) First, throughout the duration of the plaintiff’s occupation of No 27
Jalan Rimau, there was never any claim for rental nor is there any evidence
that there was an agreement, from the outset, that rental would be payable or
the monthly rate that would be payable. In fact, there is no evidence that
there was any action taken by TLD to enforce the payment of any rental arrears
owed to it by the plaintiff.

(b) Second, in TLD’s Financial Statements for the year ending 30 June 2000,
Nos 25 and 27 Jalan Rimau were both recorded as “non-income producing
properties”. Further, there were no rental receivables for TLD in its balance
sheets for the years 1990–2002. However, there was an entry for $331,500 for
the year 2003, which increased steadily at a rate of $36,000 every year
thereafter.[note: 106] It seems to me that the sudden introduction of this sum
in rental receivables in 2003 was to allow TLD to claim a tax deduction. This
is borne out by an exchange of correspondence between TLD and the Inland
Revenue Authority of Singapore (“IRAS”) in 2010. In gist, TLD attempted to
claim a tax deduction against the income purportedly generated, _inter alia_ ,
from the rental of No 27 Jalan Rimau. However, IRAS refused to allow the
deduction. In its reply, IRAS expressed the view that “[c]ommercially, no
company would allow its rental income to remain receivable in the balance
sheets indefinitely without taking recovery action or charging interest on the
outstanding amount.” IRAS concluded that the entries on rental receivables
were merely “book-keeping entr[ies]” and that there was “no actual liability
on the tenants to make payment and therefore no commercial reality in the
transaction.”[note: 107]

(c) Third, LSE had deposed that he had paid $500,000 to TLD on behalf of the
plaintiff and LTK on 1 October 2009 in discharge of the debt they owed the
company for rental of Nos 25 and 27 Jalan Rimau.[note: 108] In this
connection, Ms Hui points out that, in the same year, the amount reflected as
rental receivables was reduced by a corresponding sum of $500,000.[note: 109]
This forms the crux of LSE’s demand that $315,000 was paid by him _personally_
in discharge of the plaintiff’s rental debt to TLD.[note: 110] However, there
are two flaws with this. First, there is no evidence that the plaintiff ever
owed TLD any rental debt to begin with. As is clear from what I have set out
in the preceding paragraphs, the sums recorded as rental receivables in TLD’s
books appear to have been introduced _expressly_ for tax deduction purposes
and do not represent a genuine record of any rental debt owed by the plaintiff
to TLD. Second, there is no objective evidence that the plaintiff ever _asked_
LSE to make payment of the alleged rental arrears on his behalf. LSE deposed
that the plaintiff had approached him for help in reducing his tax liability
“on the interest benefits”. Although LSE purported to explain that the benefit
was the interest-free loan extended by TLD to the plaintiff in respect of
allegedly unpaid rental arrears[note: 111], there is simply no evidence before
the court that the plaintiff had any such tax liability to begin with.

79 In my judgment, the demand for the rental arrears is retaliatory and a
further sign of the breakdown of the relationship of trust and confidence
between the plaintiff and LSE. It appears to me that it was always the
intention that the plaintiff would stay at No 27 Jalan Rimau _gratis_ and that
the entries in TLD’s balance sheets which record rental arrears in respect of
No 27 Jalan Rimau were only added for tax purposes. I am fortified in my
conclusion by the fact that LTK is still occupying the other property at No 25
Jalan Rimau but there is no evidence that he had similarly been served a
letter of demand for any rental arrears.

Has the plaintiff been excluded from management of the Tat Leong companies?

80 It is clear that the deliberate exclusion of a person from management
participation in a company in contravention of an understanding that he will
have a management role can be a basis for the company to be wound up on just
and equitable ground (see: _Ebrahimi v Westbourne Galleries Ltd_ [1973] AC 360
(“ _Ebrahimi_ ”); _Re Iniaga Building Supplies (S) Pte Ltd_ [1994] 2 SLR(R)
416).

81 As I have noted at [56] above, the plaintiff was always meant to have a
management role in the Tat Leong companies. In the case of TLP, it is clear
that the plaintiff had voluntarily resigned his directorship (in any case,
even if the plaintiff had not resigned voluntarily, he must have acquiesced to
his removal from TLP given that he had not protested since 2007 (see [57]
above)). However, it is clear that the non-renewals of the plaintiff’s
directorships in TLD and TLI are breaches of the understanding that the
plaintiff was to have a management role in both companies.

Is there unfairness warranting a winding up?

82 Under s 254(1)(_i_) of the Companies Act, the court is granted a broad
equity to do what is “just and equitable” in all the circumstances of the
case. Neither the mere fact of a breakdown in the relationship of mutual trust
and confidence nor the exclusion of a member from management participation in
breach of a prior agreement would invariably entail the winding up of a
company. The true inquiry, as stated by the Court of Appeal in _Chow Kwok
Chuen_ at [42], is whether there is “unfairness warranting a court-ordered
winding up”.

83 On balance, I think that there is. It appears to me that the relationship
of mutual trust and confidence, which is the bedrock of the Tat Leong
companies, has been lost. As a starting point, I am mindful of the context in
which the present inquiry takes place. The balance of power in the Tat Leong
companies has been tilted in favour of LSE from the start. This is a state of
affairs that appears to be consistent with LWC’s wishes and the plaintiff has
always accepted this. However, the situation has deteriorated to the point of
no return in recent times. A clear example of this is TLD’s AGM on 7 March
2013 (see [24] above) where, in order to satisfy the quorum necessary for the
meeting (and therefore to pass the resolution not to renew the plaintiff’s
directorship), LSE chose to appear in his capacity as TLI’s representative
whereas TLH, appeared as a proxy for LSE (who, ironically, was physically
present). Presently, LSE (together with his wife, TLH) has effective control
of the boards of the Tat Leong companies. The unfairness in this case is
palpable – the plaintiff has been completely marginalised and his position in
the Tat Leong companies is increasingly precarious.

84 Ms Hui submits that there is nothing wrong with this. As the majority
shareholder, she argues, LSE is entitled to do as he pleases short of acting
in a manner which is oppressive of the minority. Ms Hui’s submission would be
accurate if not for the intervention of equity. The very basis of the court’s
jurisdiction under s 254(1)(_i_) of the Companies Act, as noted by Lord
Wilberforce in _Ebrahimi_ at 379, is to “subject the exercise of legal rights
to equitable considerations”. These weigh particularly heavily in this case
because of the familial context. In my view, it would be unfair for the
plaintiff to be trapped in the Tat Leong companies when his presence and
participation are clearly unwelcome.

85 Second, I am cognisant of the fact that the plaintiff has not derived much
benefit from his positions in the Tat Leong companies over the years. It is
common ground that the Tat Leong companies have never declared dividends and
the plaintiff has not received any director’s fees since 2002 (despite being a
director of TLD and TLI until 2013).[note: 112]

86 Finally, I am mindful of the fact that the parties appear to be at an
impasse. In response to the plaintiff’s proposal of a buy-out, LSE made it
clear that a buy-out would be conditional on the payment of $315,000 which he
claims is owed to him personally in respect of rental arrears (see [26]
above). Not only is there serious doubt as regards both the factual and legal
basis for the demand of rental arrears, such a stance on the alleged rental
arrears appear to be targeted _only_ at the plaintiff since LTK is in exactly
the same position as regards his occupation of No 25 Jalan Rimau but does not
appear to have been served a similar letter of demand.

87 A finding of lack of probity or _mala fides_ is not strictly necessary to
warrant a winding up order on just and equitable ground: _see Chow Kwok Chuen_
at [42]; _Ebrahimi_ at 381. Neither is it essential to establish that one
director was responsible for the other’s loss of confidence: see _Chow Kwok
Chuen_ at [43]. Yet, it appears to me that the loss of mutual trust and
confidence in this case was largely caused by LSE. This is exemplified by the
non-renewals of the directorships which were clearly targeted at the plaintiff
even though his other brother, LTK, stood in identical position but continued
to be a director. Further, LSE’s contrived claim for rental arrears was
similarly targeted at the plaintiff since LTK (in identical position) was not
asked to pay any such rental arrears. To me, this demonstrated a lack of
probity on the part of LSE.

88 In summary, the relationship between LSE and the plaintiff appears to have
been irreparably damaged and, with it, the very premise on which the brothers
(under the direction of their late father) had become involved in the Tat
Leong companies has been lost. This alone, in my view, is sufficient for a
winding up to be ordered. As noted by the Court of Appeal in _Chow Kwok Chuen_
at [37], so important is the relationship of mutual trust and confidence in a
family company that “when such trust is completely destroyed, it can only be
just and equitable to wind up the company so the parties can go their separate
ways”.

89 Further, in the case of TLD and TLI, the deliberate exclusion of the
plaintiff from management provides further reason for concluding that the
unfairness has risen to a level warranting a winding up.

The objections of LTK and TLH

90 The final issue concerns the objections of LTK[note: 113] and TLH[note:
114] to the winding up. Ms Hui submitted that the opposition of the other
shareholders should militate against the winding up of the companies.
Regretfully, neither of them chose to file affidavits in this case to explain
the basis for their opposition. Thus, little weight can be attached to their
objection because there is simply no material before the court to form any
view as regards the substance and merit of their objection.

91 However, I will venture to suggest that, even if affidavits were filed, I
am not sure the opposition of TLH and LTK would have carried much (if any)
weight. In _Evenstar_ , the Court of Appeal stated (at [46]):

Section 254(1)(_i_) of the CA calls for the application of equitable
principles to determine whether a winding-up order should be made in the
circumstances of each case. There are two aspects to this jurisdiction: first,
whether there is sufficient cause to order a “just and equitable” winding up,
and **second, whether the winding-up order resulting in the destruction of the
company is just and equitable: in other words, whether the cure is worse than
the illness** , as the winding up might result in loss for all parties.
**Historically, it was the harsh consequences of a winding-up order on the
“just and equitable” ground in many cases where many minority shareholders had
been denied a remedy that led to the enactment of s 216.** [emphasis added in
bold]

92 The metaphor “whether the cure is worse than the illness” is perhaps apt
when we are considering merely the interests of the same entity (_ie_ , all
the shareholders in a company). In the usual run-of-the mill winding up cases,
all shareholders have to share the burden of the cure (winding up) or the
illness (_eg_ , the preservation of the company in the face of malfeasance)
equally. In deciding whether or not to wind up the company, the court applies
a single yardstick – the welfare of the shareholders as a whole.

93 However, that is not the case with situations like the present (quasi-
oppression type scenarios in which minority shareholders are seeking a winding
up under s 254(1)(_i_)). In this case, there is a duality of interests. The
burden of the cure (winding up) is shouldered by all. However, the illness is
suffered only by one party: the aggrieved minority shareholder. Choosing
between the cure and the illness is essentially a choice between the interests
of the aggrieved shareholder and that of the other (innocent) shareholders.
This is an invidious choice. If the court recognises that the plaintiff’s
cause, though just, ought to be barred because of the opposition of other
shareholders then the court would essentially be advancing the interests of
the other shareholders at the expense of the aggrieved one. It would be
tantamount to saying that the minority creditor ought to bear with injustice
for the greater good. It is not clear to me how the court can be guided in the
process of arriving at such a conclusion.

94 A comparison with oppression cases under s 216 of the Companies Act is
perhaps instructive. In applications under s 216, the inquiry typically
proceeds in two stages. At the first stage, the court must decide whether
there is cause for intervention. At the second stage, the court will decide
what remedy should be granted. It is clear that the interests of other
shareholders may be taken into account by the court in deciding whether the
_remedy_ of winding up ought to be granted (see, _eg_ , _Re Kong Thai Sawmill
(Miri) Sdn Bhd_ [1978] 2 MLJ 227 and _Lim Swee Khiang and another v Borden Co
(Pte) Ltd and others_ [2006] 4 SLR(R) 745). However, the opposition of other
shareholders is not directly relevant in the anterior question, which is
whether there exists grounds for intervention (be it oppressive conduct – s
216(_a_) – or conduct which is unfairly discriminatory or prejudicial – s
216(_b_)). That must be correct. The question of whether there exists _cause_
for intervention must be measured against the position which the applicant
shareholder finds himself in _vis-à-vis_ the majority. The opposition of other
shareholders is strictly irrelevant to this inquiry. However, the opposition
of other shareholders should feature into the inquiry of how best the
injustice may be remedied (_ie_ what remedy should be ordered).

95 In any event, LTK’s objection is not unexpected. After all, although he was
in the same position as the plaintiff as regards the refusal to sign the
guarantee and the alleged rental arrears, he was “spared” of the same
consequences by LSE. TLH’s objection is self-evident. She is LSE’s wife and
had likewise voted against the renewal of the plaintiff’s directorships.

96 At the end of the day, I think the difficulty lies with the inflexibility
of the s 254(1)(_i_) regime since the court may not award any other remedy
other than to order a winding up. I note that, in _Evenstar_ , recognition of
this “practical injustice” behoved the court to use its powers under s
257(1)(_i_) of the Companies Act to stay the winding up order for 30 days, in
the hope that the prospect of winding up would provide an impetus for more
constructive and productive negotiations.

97 As a postscript, I observe that, following the passage of the Companies
(Amendment) Act 2014 (Act 36 of 2014) (“Amendment Act”), the court will soon
be empowered to order a buy-out in lieu of winding up the company (see s 150
of the Amendment Act). To date, no commencement date has been scheduled.
However, once it comes into force, the changes wrought by the Amendment Act,
which aligns the regime under s 254(1)(_i_) of the Companies Act more closely
with that under s 216 of the same, will go some way towards mitigating the
problem I have highlighted above.

Conclusion

98 Taking all the facts and circumstances into account, I grant the
applications and order that the defendant-companies be wound up. However,
following the lead of the Court of Appeal in _Evenstar_ and in _Chow Kwok
Chuen_ , I will exercise my powers under s 257(1) of the Companies Act to
defer the order for 30 days to allow the parties to come to an amicable
settlement. If no settlement is reached at the end of the 30-day period, the
order is to take effect. Parties are at liberty to apply for directions or
extension of time if so required. In the event that the parties are able to
settle the dispute within the aforesaid 30 days or such time as may be
extended by the court, the winding up order shall cease to have effect from
the date of the settlement.

Costs

99 Costs should follow the event. Although these proceedings involve three
applications, I will award only one set of costs given that they all concern
the same facts and issues. As LSE is the _de facto_ defendant in these
proceedings, the value of the plaintiff’s shares in the Tat Leong companies
should not be diminished by the costs and disbursements arising from these
proceedings. Taking into account the application for leave to cross-examine
LSE and the legal and factual issues, I fix costs at $40,000 excluding
disbursements, which are to be agreed if not taxed, to be paid to the
plaintiff. In line with the cost order in _Evenstar_ , such costs and
disbursements as well as the costs incurred by the Tat Leong companies in
resisting the applications shall be reflected solely against the value of
LSE’s shares in the Tat Leong companies.

* * *

[note: 1]1st Affidavit of Lim Choo Mee in CWU 226/2014 dated 13 November 2014
(“LCM’s 1st CWU 226 Affidavit”) at [8].

[note: 2]Notes of Evidence dated 27 February 2015 (“NE1”) at page 46, line 22
to page 47, line 3.

[note: 3]NE1, page 41, line 15 to page 42, line 12.

[note: 4]LSE’s written submissions at [54].

[note: 5]NE1, p 79, line 3–5.

[note: 6]NE1 at p 46, line 14–18; Affidavit of Lim Sze Eng in CWU 226 of 2014
dated 6 January 2015 (“LSE’s CWU 226 Affidavit”) at p 51.

[note: 7]NE1 at p 44, line 14–18.

[note: 8]LSE’s CWU 226 Affidavit at [14].

[note: 9]LSE’s CWU 226 Affidavit at p 52.

[note: 10]LCM’s 1st CWU 228 Affidavit at [27] and p 51.

[note: 11]Defendant’s Exhibit No. 1 (“D1”)

[note: 12]Defendant’s Exhibit No. 2 (“D2”)

[note: 13]Defendant’s Exhibit No. 2 (“D2”)

[note: 14]1st Affidavit of Lim Choo Mee in CWU 227/2014 (“LCM’s 1st CWU 227
Affidavit”) at p 16.

[note: 15]LCM’s 1st CWU 227 Affidavit at [15].

[note: 16]LSE’s 1st CWU 227 Affidavit at [34]; LCM’s 1st CWU 227 Affidavit at
[14].

[note: 17]LCM’s 1st CWU 227 Affidavit at [17].

[note: 18]LCM’s 1st CWU 227 Affidavit at [21] and p 50.

[note: 19]LCM’s 1st CWU 226 Affidavit at [22], NE1, page 85, line 25.

[note: 20]LSE’s Affidavit at [25].

[note: 21]NE1, p 51, line 29–31.

[note: 22]LSE’s CWU 226 Affidavit at [15]; 2nd Affidavit of Lim Choo Mee in
CWU 228/2014 dated 28 January 2015 (“LCM’s 2nd CWU 228 Affidavit”) at [16(b)].

[note: 23]2nd Affidavit of Lin Choo Mee in CWU 226/2014 dated 28 January 2015
(“LCM’s 2nd CWU 226 affidavit”) at [39(c)].

[note: 24]LSE’s CWU 226 Affidavit at [17].

[note: 25]LSE’s CWU 226 Affidavit at [19].

[note: 26]LSE’s CWU 226 Affidavit at pp 40–44.

[note: 27]NE1, p 66, lines 7–12.

[note: 28]LSE’s CWU 226 Affidavit at [79].

[note: 29]LSE’s CWU 227 Affidavit at [56].

[note: 30]LCM’s 2nd CWU 226 Affidavit at [44(b)–(c)].

[note: 31]LSE’s CWU 226 Affidavit at [45], Tabs 8 and 9.

[note: 32]NE1, p 14, line 26 to p 15, line 7.

[note: 33]LSE’s CWU 226 Affidavit at [67].

[note: 34]LSE’s CWU 226 Affidavit at [48].

[note: 35]LSE’s CWU 226 Affidavit at [49].

[note: 36]LSE’s CWU 226 Affidavit at [49].

[note: 37]LSE’s CWU 226 Affidavit at [52]; LSE’s CWU 227 Affidavit at Tab 6.

[note: 38]LSE’s CWU 226 Affidavit at [53] and [54].

[note: 39]NE1, p 78, line 9–11.

[note: 40]NE1, p 79, line 3–5.

[note: 41]LSE’s CWU 226 Affidavit at [61].

[note: 42]LSE’s CWU 226 Affidavit at [29].

[note: 43]LCM’s 2nd CWU 226 Affidavit at p 92.

[note: 44]LCM’s 2nd CWU 226 Affidavit at p 92.

[note: 45]LCM’s 1st CWU 228 Affidavit at p 55.

[note: 46]LSE’s CWU 226 Affidavit at pp 59–61.

[note: 47]LSE’s CWU 226 Affidavit at [31]; LCM’s CWU 226 Affidavit at
[24]–[26].

[note: 48]LSE’s CWU 226 Affidavit at [32]–[34]; LCM’s CWU 226 Affidavit at
[27]; NE1, page 90, line 12–24.

[note: 49]LCM’s 2nd CWU 228 Affidavit at pp 30–31.

[note: 50]LCM’s 1st CWU 228 Affidavit at pp 61–65.

[note: 51]LCM’s 1st CWU 228 Affidavit at [29].

[note: 52]LSE’s CWU 226 Affidavit at pp 312–314.

[note: 53]LCM’s 1st CWU 227 Affidavit at [32].

[note: 54]LSE’s CWU 226 Affidavit at p 336–337.

[note: 55]LCM’s 1st CWU 227 Affidavit at pp 52–54.

[note: 56]LCM’s 1st CWU 228 Affidavit at pp 80–81.

[note: 57]LSE’s CWU 226 Affidavit at p 339.

[note: 58]LSE’s CWU 227 Affidavit at Tab 12.

[note: 59]Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at [57].

[note: 60]LSE’s written submissions at [6], [34], and [51].

[note: 61]Plaintiff’s written submissions at [82].

[note: 62]Plaintiff’s written submissions at [83]–[84].

[note: 63]LSE’s written submissions at [20].

[note: 64]LSE’s written submissions at [7].

[note: 65]LSE’s written submissions at [14] and [15].

[note: 66]LCM’s 1st CWU 226 Affidavit at [31]; LSE’s written submissions at
[14].

[note: 67]Plaintiff’s written submissions at [90].

[note: 68]NE1, p 44, line 16 to p 45, line 26.

[note: 69]LSE’s 1st CWU 226 Affidavit at [15].

[note: 70]NE1, p 54, line 3 to page 55, line 7.

[note: 71]LCM’s 3rd Affidavit dated 4 March 2015 at p 7.

[note: 72]NE1, p 7, line 3–17.

[note: 73]NE1, p 7, line 3–17.

[note: 74]NE1, p 6, line 16–20.

[note: 75]NE1, p 5, line 20–30.

[note: 76]NE1, p 48, line 3–13.

[note: 77]LSE’s CWU 227 Affidavit at [34].

[note: 78]LSE’s written submissions at [7].

[note: 79]Plaintiff’s Core Bundle at Tab 9.

[note: 80]NE1, page 27, line 21–29.

[note: 81]Plaintiff’s written submissions at [88]; LSE’s 2nd CWU 226 Affidavit
at [44(a)] and [44(b)].

[note: 82]LSE’s 1st CWU 226 Affidavit at [30] and [33].

[note: 83]LSE’s 1st CWU 226 Affidavit at [30].

[note: 84]Plaintiff’s written submissions at [89].

[note: 85]NE1, page 87, line 10 to page 90, line 8.

[note: 86]LSE’s 1st CWU 226 Affidavit at [29].

[note: 87]LCM’s 2nd CWU 228 Affidavit at [27(a)] and [27(b)].

[note: 88]NE1, page 83, line 8 to page 84, line 1.

[note: 89]Defendant’s written submissions at [35].

[note: 90]Defendant’s written submissions at [34(b)]; LSE’s 1st CWU 226
Affidavit at [94]–[96].

[note: 91]LSE’s 1st CWU 226 Affidavit at [96]–[97].

[note: 92]Plaintiff’s written submissions at [107]–[108].

[note: 93]NE1, p 28, line 22 to p 29, line 7; NE2, page 30, line 7 to p 31,
line 15.

[note: 94]LSE’s 1st CWU 226 Affidavit at [101].

[note: 95]LCM’s 1st CWU 226 Affidavit at p 64.

[note: 96]LCM’s 1st CWU 226 Affidavit at [45].

[note: 97]LSE’s 1st CWU 226 Affidavit at [107] and [108].

[note: 98]Plaintiff’s written submissions at [127] and [128].

[note: 99]Plaintiff’s written submissions at [129] and [131].

[note: 100]Plaintiff’s written submissions at [135].

[note: 101]LSE’s written submissions at [51(b)].

[note: 102]Plaintiff’s Core Bundle at Tab 11.

[note: 103]LSE’s written submissions at [59].

[note: 104]LSE’s written submissions at [60].

[note: 105]LSE’s written submissions at [67].

[note: 106]Plaintiff’s Core Bundle, Tab 1, p 2.

[note: 107]LSE’s CWU 226 Affidavit at Tab 11.

[note: 108]LSE’s CWU 226 Affidavit at [86].

[note: 109]NE2, page, 26, line 18–25.

[note: 110]LSE’s CWU 226 Affidavit at [80].

[note: 111]LSE’s CWU 226 Affidavit at [80].

[note: 112]NE1, page 41, line 15 to page 42, line 12.

[note: 113]NE1, page 1, line 4–13.

[note: 114]LSE’s 1st CWU 228 Affidavit at p 170.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 13 Apr 2015 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

