Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Li Siu Lun _v_ Looi Kok Poh and another  
[2015] SGHC 149

Case Number| :| Suit No 245 of 2009 (Registrar's Appeal No 390 of 2013 and
Registrar's Appeal No 391 of 2013)  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 29 May 2015  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Belinda Ang Saw Ean J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Roderick Edward Martin SC, Eugene Nai, Ooi Jian Yuan
(Martin & Partners) instructed by Tan-Goh Song Gek Alice (A C Fergusson Law
Corporation) for the plaintiff; Lek Siang Pheng, Audrey Chiang, June Hong
(Rodyk & Davidson LLP) for the 2nd defendant.  
Parties| :|  Li Siu Lun — Looi Kok Poh and another  
  
29 May 2015| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Belinda Ang Saw Ean J:

Introduction

1 The plaintiff, Mr Li Siu Lun (“Mr Li”), is a British citizen who resides in
Hong Kong. He is self-employed and trades in property and stocks. The second
defendant, Gleneagles Hospital (“Gleneagles”), is a well-known private
hospital in Singapore and is owned by Parkway Hospitals Singapore Pte Ltd.

2 Sometime in April 2006, Mr Li consulted the first defendant, Dr Looi Kok Poh
(“Dr Looi”), at his clinic in the Gleneagles Medical Centre in relation to
stiffness in his right hand and wrist. Dr Looi performed surgery on Mr Li’s
right hand and wrist on 26 April 2006. Unfortunately, the surgery was
unsuccessful. Mr Li subsequently sued Dr Looi and Gleneagles for the botched
surgery on 16 March 2009.

3 In the course of the proceedings, Dr Looi, on 21 June 2010, withdrew his
Defence to Mr Li’s action in negligence and for trespass to person (_ie_ ,
battery) in connection with a second procedure that was performed on Mr Li’s
right hand and wrist without his prior consent. Dr Looi concurrently consented
to Mr Li entering interlocutory judgment with damages to be assessed. Dr Looi
has since settled Mr Li’s consent judgment at $160,000 plus costs.[note: 1]
The taxation of Mr Li’s bill of costs of the action against Dr Looi was also
settled by consent at a global figure of $102,000 _vide_ Order of Court dated
18 March 2014.[note: 2]

4 Gleneagles, on the other hand, continued to resist Mr Li’s action until the
third day fixed for the trial. By then, Mr Li’s pleaded case against
Gleneagles consisted of various causes of action which included the tort of
conspiracy to injure by unlawful means. The conspiracy claim against
Gleneagles concerned an addition of a second procedure made to Mr Li’s consent
form post-surgery by a nurse in the employ of the hospital. On 14 September
2011, with the consent of Gleneagles, interlocutory judgment with damages to
be assessed was entered in favour of Mr Li in respect of all causes of action
brought against the hospital (“the 2011 Consent Judgment”).

5 Mr Li elected to have his damages assessed for conspiracy to injure by
unlawful means. The assessment of damages hearing before the Assistant
Registrar (“the AR”) took four days from 25 to 30 September 2013. Mr Li does
not speak English and gave his testimony in Cantonese with the aid of an
interpreter in the assessment hearing.

6 The AR awarded $250,000 as damages for unlawful means conspiracy. He awarded
compensatory damages in the sum of $10,000 for the time and effort spent by Mr
Li in pursuing his claim against Gleneagles. The bulk of the award in the sum
of $240,000 was for aggravated damages for distress.

7 Gleneagles appealed against the AR’s decision on damages in RA 390 of 2013
(“RA 390”). Mr Li cross-appealed _vide_ RA 391 of 2013 (“RA 391”). Mr Li’s
appeal alleged, amongst other things, that the amount of the award for
compensatory damages should be higher than $10,000; that higher aggravated
damages should have been awarded; and that punitive damages should have been
allowed. Gleneagles cross-appealed against the quantum of the AR’s award and
costs. Gleneagles argued that the AR should not have awarded any damages
(general and aggravated damages) in the absence of supporting evidence as to
the amount of Mr Li’s claim for damages.

8 At this juncture, I hasten to add that the quantification of Mr Li’s
pecuniary loss was not so straightforward. One area of concern was how Mr Li’s
pecuniary loss was to be measured or quantified. Another area of concern,
amongst others, was whether Mr Li should only get nominal damages, having not
led any evidence as to the amount of the fact of damage in relation to his
cause of action in conspiracy by unlawful means for which liability was
established by virtue of the 2011 Consent Judgment. In addition, I note that
the AR awarded $240,000 as aggravated damages for distress, treating it as a
free-standing and distinct head of loss. This judgment will determine some
issues of principle in relation to the claim for aggravated damages for
conspiracy. They are:

(a) Whether aggravated damages are recoverable in the tort of conspiracy by
unlawful means;

(b) Whether it is permissible in law to award aggravated damages for distress
as a free-standing head of loss, or is such compensation simply given to
augment general damages awarded under other heads of claim; and

(c) Whether the principle of proportionality ought to apply in assessing an
award of aggravated damages for distress.

9 As many of these issues of principle were not well-ventilated in the
parties’ submissions, I directed the parties to submit on, _inter alia_ , the
above issues on 9 January 2015. The parties submitted their responses on 16
January 2015.

10 I should also at the outset point out that the parties cited numerous
authorities and raised a number of subsidiary points in their submissions. I
have not found it necessary to refer to all of them in this judgment.

Background facts

11 I need only summarise the relevant background facts which are as follows.

12 As stated, Mr Li was a patient of Dr Looi. The surgery took place on 26
April 2006 at Gleneagles. Unfortunately, Mr Li’s condition worsened after
surgery. He was unable to stretch out or straighten his little finger. During
further consultations with Dr Looi and other doctors, who were consulted for a
second opinion, Mr Li suspected that Dr Looi might have botched up the surgery
since it had gravely affected the functioning of his right hand. This spurred
Mr Li to obtain a copy of his operation report, which was released to him by
Gleneagles on 11 August 2006. A few days later on 25 August 2006, Mr Li
requested a copy of his operation consent form. Gleneagles’ staff then sought
Dr Looi’s permission (an administrative step that was required under the
hospital’s procedure) before the release of a copy of Mr Li’s operation
consent form to him. However, Dr Looi did not give his permission and Mr Li
left the hospital empty-handed. I will now elaborate on the operation consent
form that was central to the current proceedings.

13 Prior to the surgery, Mr Li had signed a document entitled “Consent for
Operation or Procedure form” (“the Consent Form”) that was completed by Ms
Chew Soo San (“Nurse Chew”), a senior staff nurse of Gleneagles. At that
stage, Mr Li’s express consent given prior to surgery related only to a single
procedure to treat “Tenolysis of the right hand”. Mr Li’s complaint against Dr
Looi and Gleneagles was that no prior consent was given for the other
procedure that was performed on him, namely, “Ulnar Neurolysis and Repair”
(“the second procedure”).

14 It subsequently transpired that Nurse Chew had, at the request of Dr Looi,
added the second procedure to the Consent Form post-surgery. Between July and
August 2006, Dr Looi contacted Nurse Chew to get her to make the addition to
the Consent Form. Even though she was initially reluctant to do what Dr Looi
had wanted, Nurse Chew allegedly relented after Dr Looi gave his assurance
that he had carried out the second procedure and that he had also explained
the second procedure to Mr Li. Nurse Chew then wrote the words “and Ulnar
Neurolysis and Repair” (_ie_ , the second procedure) on the Consent Form using
a pen with the same ink colour.

15 On 28 August 2006, Dr Looi gave his permission to Gleneagles to release a
copy of the Consent Form to Mr Li. Gleneagles then contacted Mr Li twice
between August 2006 and May 2007 to collect his copy of the Consent Form.
Eventually, Mr Li collected his copy of the Consent Form on 8 May 2007. Mr Li
also sighted the original Consent Form on 8 August 2007.[note: 3]

16 Mr Li was certain that he had not consented to the second procedure.[note:
4] He suspected that the words “and Ulnar Neurolysis and Repair” had been
added to the Consent Form. Around July or August 2007, Mr Li alerted
Gleneagles that the Consent Form could have been tampered with.

17 As mentioned, Mr Li sued Dr Looi and Gleneagles on 16 March 2009. In
December 2009, Mr Li served Interrogatories on Nurse Chew, and in January
2010, Nurse Chew answered the Interrogatories. She admitted that she amended
the Consent Form by adding the words “and Ulnar Neurolysis and Repair” at the
request of Dr Looi sometime in July or August 2006.

18 Nurse Chew’s answers to the Interrogatories were filed on 4 January 2010.
Several months later, Dr Looi withdrew his Defence and consented to judgment
being entered against himself on 21 June 2010. As stated, Dr Looi has since
settled Mr Li’s claim against him for $160,000 and costs at $102,000 (at [3]
above).

19 In relation to his case against Gleneagles, Mr Li amended his Statement of
Claim twice after Nurse Chew answered the Interrogatories. The amendment to
the Statement of Claim on 5 February 2010 (_ie_ , Amendment No 2) elaborated
on the claim for breach of contract by Gleneagles in failing, amongst other
things, to furnish Mr Li with an accurate set of medical records documenting
his consent, allowing the alteration/amendment of his medical records without
his knowledge and consent, and failing to inform him of the
amendment/alteration. The next amendment to the Statement of Claim (_ie_ ,
Amendment No 3) was filed on 26 July 2010. Mr Li introduced two additional
causes of action: (a) breach of statutory duty to keep and maintain proper and
accurate medical records, and (b) conspiracy to injure Mr Li by unlawful
means. There were two further amendments to the Statement of Claim. The
amendments filed on 18 July 2011 (_ie_ , Amendment No 4) were: (a) to
introduce claims in negligence and for breach of fiduciary duty, and (b) to
advance Mr Li’s claim for aggravated and punitive damages.

20 For completeness, I should mention that the final amendment to the
Statement of Claim on 14 August 2013 (_ie_ , Amendment No 5) was made post the
2011 Consent Judgment. The amendment was to clarify that the claim for loss of
accurate records and consequential financial loss were claims in general and
special damages. It also gave particulars of the claim of $25,000 for legal
costs incurred in relation to the Interrogatories.

Assessment of damages by the AR

21 Mr Li made the following claims:

(a) Damages comprising the legal costs which Mr Li had incurred in relation to
the application for Interrogatories under O 26A of the Rules of Court (Cap
322, R5, Rev Ed 2014) (“the ROC”) filed against Nurse Chew (“the
Interrogatories Application”), a non-party in his proceedings against Dr Looi
and Gleneagles;

(b) Damages for loss of Mr Li’s right to an accurate and proper set of medical
records and Gleneagles’ failure to inform him of the unlawful alteration;

(c) Aggravated damages for the mental distress, anguish and depression
suffered by Mr Li because of the aggravation caused by Gleneagles’
contumelious or reprehensible conduct in the commission of the wrong and its
subsequent conduct; and

(d) Punitive damages for Gleneagles’ reprehensible conduct.

22 In his written judgment delivered on 14 November 2013 (see _Li Siu Lun v
Looi Kok Poh and another_ [2013] SGHCR 27 (“the AR’s Judgment”)), the AR
awarded $10,000 for Mr Li’s pecuniary loss (head of claim (b) above) and
$240,000 as aggravated damages (head of claim (c) above) (collectively, “the
AR’s Award”). He dismissed heads of claim (a) and (d). The AR also awarded Mr
Li costs of the assessment on the High Court scale of costs.

23 To avoid repetition, I will discuss the AR’s reasoning for his decision on
quantum when I consider in turn each head of claim. Suffice to say for now,
the AR’s Award (_ie_ , heads of claim (a) and (b)) were looked upon as two
separate heads of claim because of the way counsel conducted the assessment.
In my view, the AR’s heads of claim (a) and (b) (at [21] above) should have
been grouped together as a claim for damages in connection with investigating
and uncovering the conspiracy including minimising the effect of the
conspiracy (see [66] below). I propose to adopt this approach in the appeals.

Observations in relation to the 2011 Consent Judgment

24 Before moving on to discuss the various heads of claim in the appeals, it
is necessary to touch on the effect of the 2011 Consent Judgment on the
assessment of damages, in particular, the amount of damages that is
recoverable in principle, subject to proof of causation and quantification.

25 A convenient starting point is Mr Li’s pleaded case in Statement of Claim
(Amendment No 5). The plea there related to Gleneagles’ breach of statutory
duty under Regulation 12(1) of the Private Hospitals and Medical Clinics
Regulations (Cap 248, Rg 1) enacted under the Private Hospitals and Medical
Clinics Act (Cap 248, 1999 Rev Ed) (“the Act”). As for the conspiracy claim,
para 61of the Statement of Claim (Amendment No 5) reads:

(a) [Gleneagles] wrongfully conspired with [Dr Looi] with intent to injure [Mr
Li] by unlawful means, namely by aiding [Dr Looi] to conceal the fact that [Dr
Looi] had performed the surgery of “ulnar nerve neurolysis and repair” without
the consent of [Mr Li] (i.e. the tort of Battery); and/or

(b) alternatively, [Gleneagles] wrongfully conspired with [Dr Looi] with the
sole or predominant purpose to injure [Mr Li] by aiding [Dr Looi] to conceal
the fact that [Dr Looi] had performed the surgery of “ulnar nerve neurolysis
and repair”.

26 Paragraph 62 (e) of the Statement of Claim (Amendment No 5) reads:

Upon the request of the solicitors of [Mr Li] on or about later 2007 and/or
2008 for copies of medical records of [Mr Li] … , [Gleneagles] supplied [Mr
Li] with copies of his medical records which were
amended/altered/exchanged/switched and/or otherwise falsified by [Dr Looi]
without informing [Mr Li] that the said medical records had been
amended/altered /exchanged/switched and/or otherwise falsified by [Dr Looi],
despite the fact that [Gleneagles] [was] aware at all material times that [Mr
Li] was contemplating legal proceedings against [Dr Looi] and/or [Gleneagles]
and was likely to use the medical records as corroborative evidence in a court
of law.

27 The terms of the 2011 Consent Judgment admitted to the following
matters:[note: 5]

1\. [Gleneagles] is liable to [Mr Li] for its nurse adding the words “and
ulnar neurolysis and repair” to the “Consent for Operation or Procedure” form
dated 26 April 2006 after the surgery on [Mr Li] and supplying a copy of the
said form to [Mr Li] on 12 September 2007 without informing [Mr Li] of such
addition.

2\. [Mr Li’s] damages thereon be assessed; and

3\. Costs be awarded to [Mr Li].

28 It was also agreed in a signed note relating to the 2011 Consent Judgment
that: [note: 6]

[Gleneagles] will pay such damages as can be proved by [Mr Li] without the
need for [Mr Li] to prove liability for the causes of action.

29 It is necessary to bear in mind the upshot of the 2011 Consent Judgment in
light of Mr Li’s election to have his damages assessed for unlawful means
conspiracy. First, the addition of the second procedure to the Consent Form
post-surgery was in itself unlawful _viz_ , in breach of the Act, without
reference to the conspiracy (see [25] above). Second, the matters set out at
[27] above were the overt acts committed by the hospital in the conspiracy.
Third, the overt acts were executed in combination with Dr Looi to further the
ends of Dr Looi, which was to protect the latter’s interests in the medical
negligence action at the expense of his patient’s right to seek a redress for
the civil wrong. Fourth, the overt acts were the unlawful means pursued to
intentionally deceive Mr Li to defeat his claim against Dr Looi in the medical
negligence action. Fifth, the fact of damage was conceded. Unlawful means
conspiracy is an economic tort that is actionable only on proof of damage (see
_EFT Holdings, Inc and another v Marinteknik Shipbuilders (S) Pte Ltd and
another_ [2014] 1 SLR 860 at [112]; _Quinn v Leatham_ [1901] AC 495 (“ _Quinn
v Leatham_ ”) at 510, _Lonrho v Shell (No 2)_ [1982] AC 173 at 188; _Lonrho
Plc. And Others v. Fayed And Others (No. 5)_ [1993] 1 WLR 1489 at 1494 (“
_Lonrho (No 5)_ ”); and _William v Hussey_ [1959] 103 CLR 30 at 122), and by
the 2011 Consent Judgment, Gleneagles conceded to Mr Li’s pleaded case of
damage suffered as a result of the conspiracy.

30 Gleneagles’ counsel, Mr Lek Siang Pheng (“Mr Lek”), raised in defence the
absence of any causal link between the conduct complained of (_ie_ , the overt
acts - the addition of the second procedure to the Consent Form post-surgery
and the failure to inform Mr Li about the addition) and Mr Li’s loss. He
argued that Mr Li would have suffered the same loss anyway because Gleneagles
committed the overt acts post-surgery. I disagree with Mr Lek’s argument for
the reasons explained above (at [29] above). Besides, his contention is a one-
sided consideration of the overt acts taken in isolation without regard to the
actual events brought about by the overt acts, as understood and examined in
the context of the entire pleaded case of conspiracy. Plainly, the nexus
between the damage suffered and the overt acts in pursuance of the combination
in question was established by the 2011 Consent Judgment.

31 In summary, by the 2011 Consent Judgment, Gleneagles’ liability for the
tort of conspiracy by unlawful means was made out in that the 2011 Consent
Judgment had the overall effect of establishing and satisfying all the
elements that were needed to complete the cause of action in conspiracy by
unlawful means. Hence, Mr Li admittedly suffered the form of pecuniary loss
particularised in the Statement of Claim (Amendment No 4), leaving the amount
of damages that is recoverable in principle subject to proof of causation and
quantification to assessment by the court. In this case, the pecuniary loss
suffered was broadly argued under the AR’s heads of claim (a) and (b) (at [21]
above).

32 I digress for a moment to make a side comment. If Gleneagles had followed
through with the trial, the outcome of the pleaded case in conspiracy would
depend on the evidence and cross-examination, in particular, for supporting
the allegation of conspiracy to injure Mr Li at the time the addition of the
second procedure was made to the Consent Form. I am referring to Nurse Chew’s
answer to Interrogatories in which she said that she made the addition because
she was assured by Dr Looi that the prior consent of Mr Li had been obtained.
In contrast, her Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief filed for the assessment of
damages hearing omitted mention of Dr Looi’s assurance that the patient’s
consent was given. I was informed by counsel for Mr Li, Mr Roderick Martin
(“Mr Martin”), that Nurse Chew admitted that she and Dr Looi did not talk
about the patient’s consent. The success of the conspiracy claim would have
ultimately depended on evidence of an intention to harm Mr Li. Given the 2011
Consent Judgment, all of this is water under the bridge.

33 Returning to para 64 of Statement of Claim (Amendment No 5), the loss
pleaded as “general and/or special damages” was particularised as follows:

(a) the loss of his right to an accurate and proper set of medical records
documenting (A) [Mr Li’s] written consent to surgery and/or procedure that was
advised and planned by [Dr Looi] and (B) the surgery and/or procedure that was
actually performed on [Mr Li] without the consent of [Mr Li];

(b) the financial loss and damage (flowing directly from the conspiracy to
injure by the Defendants) incurred in having to commence legal proceedings
against parties other than [Dr Looi] and [Gleneagles] for the purpose of
establishing that [Mr Li’s] medical records are not accurate and/or proper but
that they have been altered/amended /exchanged and/or switched by the
Defendants.

In particular, [Mr Li] has had to commence legal proceedings against parties
other than [Dr Looi and Gleneagles](i.e. Nurse Chew Soo San (in her personal
capacity)) in order to establish his case that he had given consent to the
procedure of “Tenolysis Right Wrist” only and that his medical records,
including his [Consent Form] had been amended by the employees, agents and
servants of [Gleneagles], thereby incurring legal fees payable both to his
solicitors as well as the cost of such proceedings to Nurse Chew Soo San
amounting to about $25,000 which includes but is not limited to work done for
the following:

(i) Discussing corresponding with, and advising client on his various legal
remedies;

(ii) Preparing and filing the Order 26A Rule 2 application for interrogatories
to be administered to Nurse Chew Soo Sin Summons No 5910 of 2009/D, and the
supporting affidavit of Alice Tan-Goh Song Gek filed on 13 November 2009;

(iii) Attending and making oral submissions at the hearing of Summons No 5910
of 2009/D before Assistant Registrar Ng Yong Kiat Francis on 18 December 2009;

(iv) Attending at the delivery of judgment by Assistant Registrar Ng Yong Kiat
Francis on 22 December 2009;

(v) Extracting the Order of Court dated 22 December 2009 for Summons No 5910
of 2009/D; and

(vi) Reviewing Nurse Chew Soo San’s Answer to [Mr Li’s] Interrogatories field
on 4 January 2010, and updating client thereon.

34 Mr Li’s claim for aggravated and punitive damages is set out in para 73 of
Statement of Claim (Amendment No 5) in the following manner:

Owing to the flagrant, outrageous or high handed manner in which [Gleneagles]
had committed the tort of conspiracy to injure …, [Mr Li] suffered and
continues to suffer considerable anger, outrage and distress, in particular
loss of confidence in hospitals in Singapore and their standards and
treatment. In the circumstances, [Mr Li] claims Aggravated Damages and/or
alternatively Punitive damages against [Gleneagles].

Mr Li’s successful recovery against Dr Looi

35 I now turn to a related matter which is Mr Li’s recovery of damages and
costs from Dr Looi. I mentioned that Mr Li elected to have his damages
assessed for conspiracy to injure by unlawful means. In this context, the
addition of the second procedure made to the Consent Form post-surgery was
plainly intertwined with the claim in battery against Dr Looi - the tampered
Consent Form was an essential piece of evidence for the battery charge against
Dr Looi. The tampered Consent Form was also relevant to the claim in
negligence against Dr Looi, and for the doctor, it would have been a folly,
from an evidential perspective, to depend on the tampered Consent Form in his
defence. After all, the tampered Consent Form would cast doubts as to the
accuracy of other entries in medical records. The existence of the tampered
Consent Form created a _prima facie_ case of negligence and battery against Dr
Looi. Hence, the unsurprising settlement between Dr Looi and Mr Li in June
2010.

36 Mr Lek contended that Mr Li’s complaint of depression was covered in the
settlement between Mr Li and Dr Looi and that Mr Li would be compensated twice
if Mr Li was allowed to claim damages for depression from Gleneagles.[note: 7]
I make two points in relation to Mr Lek’s contention. First, the precise terms
of the settlement between Mr Li and Dr Looi were not disclosed except that the
settlement of the consent judgment was at a figure of $160,000 plus costs. The
pleadings against Dr Looi before his Defence was withdrawn did not include any
claim for conspiracy or aggravated damages. There is thus no apparent basis
for Mr Lek’s allegation of overlapping claims and double recovery. Second, the
claim against Gleneagles for aggravated damages is legally different. I will
elaborate on this at [164] below.

37 Above all, in assessing damages in this case, the court would have to take
into account Mr Li’s success in the underlying action against Dr Looi and the
subsequent settlement of $160,000 plus costs of $102,000. This state of
affairs is important since the conspiracy was to help Dr Looi avoid liability
for medical negligence and a charge of battery. If Mr Li had lost against Dr
Looi as a result of having failed to disprove the falsehood in the Consent
Form, it would have been necessary to quantify the value of the action against
Dr Looi in arriving at a monetary figure for damages against Gleneagles.
Conversely, a victory against Dr Looi would invariably preclude Mr Li for
obtaining substantial damages for “spoiling” the evidence by the tampering.
Therefore, in assessing damages against Gleneagles, the court must find a
balanced approach that provides Mr Li with compensation and redress, and at
the same time, the court must not confer a windfall on Mr Li. This approach
resonates with the notion that damages for conspiracy are at large and the
amount of such damages should be reasonable and not exceed a fair
compensation.

Relevant principles on quantification of damages at large in conspiracy

38 The problem in the appeal and the cross-appeal is one of quantification of
the pecuniary loss. Gleneagles adopted the position that Mr Li had not adduced
evidence as to the amount of the damages recoverable and, as such, Mr Li
should be awarded nominal damages at the most. The contention is that even
though the fact of damage was conceded in the 2011 Consent Judgment, and thus
shown, no actual evidence of the amount of the pecuniary loss was given to
assist the court to assess damages.

39 In this case, the two related issues of principle touching on the question
of quantum of damages are as follows:

(a) Can substantial damages be awarded despite uncertainty of proof of
quantum?

(b) Whether it was open to the court to award more than a nominal sum by way
of general damages by reasonably inferring evidence of quantum from the
existence of the damage since damages are at large in conspiracy?

40 The answers to the two questions in the round are as follows. Generally,
substantial damages will not be awarded where the plaintiff adduces no
evidence to support the amount of his claim, and nominal damages may be
awarded instead. Whether a plaintiff has proved the amount of his loss with
sufficient certainty is a question of fact. In some cases, recovery is not
denied despite uncertainty of proof of loss, and this might happen in cases
where damage is the gist of the cause of action. When this essential element
of the tort is proved, the plaintiff would have satisfied the court that he
has suffered some pecuniary loss and would be entitled to more than nominal
damages. In such cases, it would be reasonable for the court to infer evidence
of quantum from the existence of the damage and take into consideration all
the circumstances of the case to award a sum as damages. It is important to
note that Gleneagles conceded by virtue of the 2011 Consent Judgment to the
fact of damage and the amount of the damages will have to be assessed by the
court based on whatever the facts permit.

41 I will now elaborate on the answers outlined at [40] above. In an
assessment of damages, the plaintiff would typically propose an appropriate
measure of damages to adopt as a yardstick to arrive at a monetary figure to
award as damages. This approach enables damages to be assessed with a
reasonable degree of certainty alongside principles such as remoteness and the
duty to mitigate. But the fact that damages cannot be assessed with certainty
because of the nature of the damage and the circumstances giving rise to the
damage, does not mean that the wrongdoer is relieved from paying damages. As
highlighted by the Court of Appeal in _Robertson Quay Investment Pte Ltd v
Steen Consultants Pte Ltd_ [2008] 2 SLR(R) 623 (“ _Robertson Quay_ ”) at [30]
(citing _Biggin v Permanite_ [1951] 1 KB 422 at 438) “the court [will] do the
best it can” on the evidence available. _Experience Hendrix LLC v Times
Newspapers Ltd_ [2010] EWHC 1986 (Ch) (“ _Experience Hendrix LLC_ ”) is a good
illustration of the court’s resolve to “do the best it can” to assess damages.
In that case, a newspaper publisher infringed the rights of two United States
companies in the performance and recording of a London concert by the Jimi
Hendrix Experience in 1969, by giving away to purchasers of its newspapers
free CDs containing songs from that concert. The plaintiff claimed damages on
the basis that the infringement had delayed the launch of their own project
relating to a film of that concert by one year. Though the judge found it
exacting to forecast the loss, he expressed the view (at [204]) that the great
uncertainty should not mean that the judge should award no damages on the
basis that the plaintiff suffered no loss. The judge therefore sought out a
basis upon which he could “anchor” the assessment of damages (at [205]-[206])
and decided to refer to a distribution agreement with another company and a
rival offer made for some of the performance rights.

42 All said, I note that the observations in _Robertson Quay_ at [27] and [32]
were not, strictly speaking, made in the context of analysing causes of action
where damages were at large. In this case, Mr Li had elected to have his
damages assessed for conspiracy to injure by unlawful means, and it is settled
law that damages are at large for the tort of conspiracy.

43 As stated earlier (at [29]), the tort of conspiracy by unlawful means
requires proof of pecuniary damage for the tort to be actionable. A plaintiff
who shows that some pecuniary loss has been suffered by him (without the need
to precisely prove that loss) ought to be able to rely on the existence of the
damage (_ie_ , pecuniary loss) to provide by inference evidence of quantum.
Andrew Burrows in _Remedies for Torts and Breach of Contract_ (Oxford
University Press, 3rd Ed, 2004) helpfully amplifies the application of the
proof of loss principle in the context of a cause of action in injurious
falsehood with his illustration and explanation at p 62 that “proof of general
loss of business is sufficient and the plaintiff is not required to prove the
loss of any particular customer or contract”. The same sentiments have been
expressed by the other courts in cases like _R+V Versicherung AG v Risk
Insurance and Reinsurance Solutions SA & Others_ [2006] EWHC 42 (“ _R+V
Versicherung AG_ ”) where Gloster J said in a striking out application at
[60]:

It is clear from this case (and, indeed, others) that in conspiracy, damages
are at large and that the court is not over-concerned to require the plaintiff
to prove precise quantification of its losses.

44 It is convenient at this juncture to draw attention to the distinction
between proof of damage and proof of quantum. I have thus far discussed
damages at large in the context of proof of damage. The principle of damages
at large also extends to proof of quantum. In short, the principle of damages
at large is applicable across proof of damage to establish the gist of the
action and proof of quantum in assessing damages for the tort of conspiracy.

45 I now refer to some cases from common law jurisdictions where the principle
of damages at large was invoked in the context of proof of quantum. I begin
with a local case. GP Selvam J in _Dootson Investment Corporation & Anor v
Highway Video Pte Ltd_ [1997] 3 SLR(R) 823 (“ _Dootson_ ”) held that the
principle of damages at large (in a tort where it is applicable) would extend
to the assessment of damages. Quoting the authors of an earlier edition of
_McGregor on Damages_ (see [48] below), Selvam J said (at [7]):

In certain cases general damages may be awarded in the sense of damages ‘such
as the jury may give when the judge cannot point out any measure by which they
are to be assessed, except the opinion and judgment of a reasonable man.’ The
damages are said to be at large.

46 Damages at large were also assessed in relation to the tort of conspiracy
in the decision of the English High Court in _Noble Resources SA v Gross_
[2009] EWHC 1435 (Comm). In that case, the employees of the plaintiff engaged
in a conspiracy to hide certain losses arising from the speculative trading of
aluminium futures from the plaintiff. In assessing the quantum of damages
claimable, the court held (at [223]):

It was also common ground that damages for conspiracy are at large; that this
meant _the court is not limited to awarding that amount of loss which can be
strictly proven_ ; and that, in coming to a view as to the level of damages
which a defendant ought to pay, the court will consider all the circumstances
of the case … [emphasis added].

47 Finally, the British Columbia Supreme Court in _Howard v Madill_ [2010] BCJ
No 698, noted at [89], _inter alia_ , that assessing damages at large “are a
matter of discretion for the trial judge and are more a ‘matter of impression
and not addition’.”

48 It is clear that the quotations from the three cases are a variant of the
statement of principle that in the context of quantification of damages, the
court can still award damages even when there is no appropriate measure of
damages. As _McGregor on Damages_ (Harvey McGregor eds) (Sweet & Maxwell, 19th
Ed, 2015) (“ _McGregor on Damages”)_ at para 10-008 stated, damages are at
large “when the judge cannot point out to any measure by which they are to be
assessed, except the opinion and judgment of a ‘reasonable man’” (hereafter
referred to in this Judgment as the “yardstick of the reasonable man”). I will
elaborate on this later. It is sufficient to note for now that this yardstick
is used to assist the court in deriving the quantum of damages to award.

49 Further, besides the yardstick of the reasonable man, the court may equally
rely (either separately or in combination) on evidence of proof of damage as
evidence to support its quantification of losses. The analysis in _McGregor on
Damages_ at para 10-002 supports the proposition that the presence of evidence
of damage could provide adequate data for calculating its amount. The same
point is made in cases like _Quinn v Leathem_ and _Lonrho (No 5)_.

50 _Quinn v Leathem_ showed that the plaintiff must prove damage, as economic
torts are actionable only on proof of actual pecuniary loss. _Lonrho (No 5)_
highlights that once some pecuniary loss for maintaining the action in
conspiracy is established, damages at large are referable to the act causing
the pecuniary loss which constitutes the tort (at 1505). The court in
assessing the amount of damages in such a context is not constrained by a
precise calculation of the amount of the actual pecuniary loss actually proved
or inferred and may take into consideration all the circumstances of the wrong
to award a sum. To illustrate, in _Quinn v Leathem_ , a case on conspiracy,
the following passage from the trial judge’s notes of evidence said (at 498):

I told the jury that pecuniary loss, directly caused by the conduct of the
defendants, must be proved in order to establish a cause of action, and I
advised them to require to be satisfied that such a loss to a substantial
amount had been proved by the plaintiff. I declined to tell them that if
actual and substantial pecuniary loss was proved to have been directly caused
to the plaintiff by the wrongful acts of the defendants, they were bound to
limit the amount of damages to the precise sum so proved.

51 I now come to the yardstick of the reasonable man as espoused in _Dootson_
and _McGregor on Damages_ for a tort where damages are at large and damage
forms the gist of the cause of action. In such cases, the yardstick of a
reasonable man assists in deriving the quantum of damages. Let me elaborate.

52 Let us first take the case where the court is satisfied that the plaintiff
has suffered some damage but cannot point to any measure at all by which the
damages are to be assessed because there is no known or practicable method of
quantifying the loss. The “reasonable man” (personified by the court) steps in
to analyse all the circumstances of the case in order to work out a quantum of
damages that is reasonable. The rationale for invoking the yardstick of the
reasonable man is because once liability is established for an action where
damages form the gist of the cause of action, the court is satisfied that some
pecuniary loss has been suffered by the plaintiff and it would be
unsatisfactory to award only nominal damages, which is only awarded when the
court finds that there is no pecuniary loss occasioned by the plaintiff
despite an infringement of his legal rights.

53 _A fortiori_ even when a court is able to find a clear measure to assess
the damages, the “reasonable man” still has a role in quantification in cases
where the evidence to ascertain the quantum of damages is limited, absent or
can only be derived and/or inferred from the fact of damage that was
established to complete the cause of action (_ie_ establish liability). This
proposition is undergirded by the same rationale _viz_ , the court is
satisfied that the plaintiff has suffered some pecuniary loss and finds it
unsatisfactory to award nominal damages. In such situations, the “reasonable
man” would not demand that the plaintiff give precise figures to prove
quantum; instead, the assessment would be based on what is considered a sum
which is reasonable having regard to all the circumstances of the case.
Naturally, where the evidence is limited or can only be derived from an
analysis of the facts or inferred from the proof of the fact of damage, the
court can (and will) only award a modest sum as damages because it cannot
possibly be reasonable for an award of substantial damages to be made in the
absence of proper evidence to support the assessment.

54 It is important to note that Gleneagles conceded to the fact of damage by
virtue of the 2011 Consent Judgment, and the amount of the damages will have
to be assessed by the court based on whatever the facts permit as an award. I
am mindful that Mr Li was not required by the signed note (at [28] above) to
prove the fact of damage at the assessment of damages hearing.

55 As stated, the court has recourse to the yardstick of the reasonable man
where a measure of damages cannot be identified. However, I note that this
question does not strictly arise in the present case as there are measures by
which the loss occasioned by Mr Li may be based upon.

56 As regards an appropriate measure that can be applied as a yardstick to
find a monetary figure to be awarded as compensatory damages, Mr Martin
proposed: (a) the costs of investigation in relation to the conspiracy
(including the time and effort expended by Mr Li and the expenses resulting
from proceeding against a non-party in the Interrogatories Application); and
(b) the component of the solicitor-own client costs that is not recoverable as
party and party costs in relation to the action pursued against Dr Looi.

57 I note that expenses incurred in investigations have been recognised as an
appropriate measure of damages upon which the court may ground its assessment
in the tort of conspiracy. Therefore, expenses resulting from the tort of
conspiracy including investigatory expenses are, in principle, recoverable as
a pecuniary loss in the tort of conspiracy. _Clerk and Lindsell on Torts_
(Michael A Jones gen ed) (Sweet & Maxwell, 21st Ed, 2014) at para 24-114
citing _British Motor Trade Association v Salvadori_ [1949] Ch 556 (“ _British
Motor Trade Association_ ”) offers the following view:

… [D]amage constituted by the expense incurred by claimants in exposing and
resisting the wrongful activities of the defendants can be awarded to them as
damage directly caused by the conspiracy.

58 The English court of Appeal in _Lonrho (No 5)_ also approved _British Motor
Trade Association_ where Dillon LJ at 1497 accepted that time spent detecting,
investigating, countering and minimising the effect of a conspiracy was
recoverable in principle in the following manner:

Subhead (d) claims the cost of managerial and staff time spent in
investigating, or mitigating the consequences of, the conspiracy. There is
also a claim for out of pocket expenses in respect of extra security guards,
small in amount, but obviously related to aspects of the conspiracy. I would
allow the subhead to be pleaded. _British Motor Trade Association v.
Salvadori_ [1949] Ch. 556 indicates that time spent in detecting and
countering a conspiracy can be included in a claim for damages, at any rate
if, as in that case there is also other pecuniary loss[.] …

59 In a similar vein, Gloster J in _R+V Versicherung AG_ , a case concerning a
conspiracy relating to reinsurance, explained at [65] that by allowing the
claim for staff time spent in investigating and minimising the effect of the
conspiracy to be maintained in the pleadings, the appellate court in _Lonrho
(No 5)_ was approving in principle the correctness of the proposition that
damage could be shown in such circumstances. And at [77], Gloster J restated
that the expenses relating to managerial and staff time spent in investigating
the conspiracy and handling claims that were directly attributable to the
conspiracy were recoverable without the need to show any specific loss of
profit.

60 To summarise, where evidence as to the amount of the pecuniary loss is
missing or inadequate, compensatory damages may still be awarded for the
general pecuniary loss occasioned especially in a case where damage as a
constituent of the cause of action had been established. In my view, any
evidential uncertainty in computing losses does not mean that the court must
not award damages on the basis that the plaintiff had not proved the quantum
of damages. This would be an unsatisfactory outcome especially in a case where
damage as a constituent of the cause of action had been established. Any court
called upon to consider what damages are recoverable in conspiracy would have
to do its best in assessing damages from inferring evidence of quantum from
the existence of the damage. This exercise, as noted above, is conducted with
reference to the yardstick of the reasonable man.

61 Indeed, as damages are at large, the court adopts the yardstick of the
reasonable man taking into consideration all the circumstances of the case
including the conduct of the parties to arrive at a quantum of general damages
based on the measure of damages it has selected. From this perspective, the
court is using its common sense to achieve justice, not only to the plaintiff
but the defendant, and if applicable, among the defendants (per Stuart-Smith
LJ in _Holtby v Brigham & Cowan (Hull) Ltd_ [2000] 3 All ER 421 at [20]).

62 As to what guides the court when adopting the yardstick of the reasonable
man to arrive at a monetary figure as general damages for conspiracy, Brooking
J in _Ansett Transport Industries (Operations) Pty Ltd v Australian Federation
of Air Pilots (No 2)_ [1991] 2 VR 636 at 645 (citing FitzGibbon LJ directions
to the jury which were approved by the House of Lords in _Quinn v Leatham_ at
498) said that the court would “take all the circumstances of the case
including the conduct of the defendant, reasonably into account.” (See also
_JN Dairies Limited v Johal Dairies Limited_ [2010] EWHC 1689 (Ch) at [21].)

63 Other factors to consider (and this is by no means exhaustive) in this case
are as follows: (a) credit must be given for benefits received from the
settlement with Dr Looi; and (b) the court must take care not to include sums
for consequences which may be due to Mr Li’s own unreasonable actions. In the
final analysis, the court must adopt a balanced approach that provides Mr Li
with compensation and redress, and at the same time, the court must make sure
that this amount does not turn into an unfair windfall.

64 With these principles set out above in mind, I now turn to the appeals
proper.

The general approach to the assessment of damages in the appeal and the cross-
appeal

65 Both sides were unhappy with the amounts of damages awarded by the AR. Mr
Li and/or Gleneagles have appealed/cross-appealed every aspect of the AR’s
decision (noted at [22] above).

66 The AR’s Award (_ie_ , heads of claim (a) and (b) at [21] above) may be
properly grouped as damages for investigation to uncover the conspiracy
including minimising the effect of the conspiracy. From this perspective, it
is appropriate to amalgamate heads of claim (a) and (b) under the rubric of
investigatory costs seeing that they arose as a natural and probable
consequence of Gleneagles’ wrong (see Mr Li’s pleaded averment in para 64(b)
of the Statement of Claim (Amendment No 3) where he particularises the
financial loss and damage flowing directly from the conspiracy to injure).
Accordingly, the approach taken in these appeals is to assess and monetarily
aggregate the damages sought under heads of claim (a) and (b) (at [21] above).

The evidence of investigation to uncover the conspiracy

67 With the approach outlined above in mind, I go next to the overall evidence
that is necessary for the assessment of damages under heads of claim (a) and
(b) at [21] above.

68 As mentioned, Mr Li commenced his action against Dr Looi and Gleneagles on
16 March 2009. Before that, Mr Li had to obtain a copy of his operation report
which was released to him by Gleneagles on 11 August 2006. A few days later on
25 August 2006, Mr Li requested a copy of the Consent Form. At that stage, Dr
Looi did not give his permission and Mr Li’s request that he be given a copy
of the Consent Form was refused. It was after Nurse Chew made the addition of
the second procedure to the Consent Form post-surgery that Dr Looi gave his
permission to Gleneagles to provide Mr Li with a copy of the Consent Form.
This was on 28 August 2006. Mr Li collected his copy of the Consent Form on 8
May 2007. Mr Li also sighted the original Consent Form on 8 August 2007.[note:
8]

69 It is common ground that Mr Li went to Gleneagles to get copies of his
medical records including the Consent Form. It was Mr Li who alerted
Gleneagles about the tampering after he was given a copy of the Consent Form.

70 Gleneagles then launched an internal investigation in relation to the
addition of the second procedure made to the Consent Form. By 27 August 2007,
Gleneagles learnt that Dr Looi had taken the Consent Form to Nurse Chew to
amend. Gleneagles’ Senior Manager, Mrs Ruth Quek wrote in her e-mail of 27
August 2007 as follows:[note: 9]

Relating to the amended consent form.

Pt’s name Li Siu Lun

Attending doctor is Dr Looi Kok Poh

We need a report from S/N Chew Soo Sen [sic] on exactly what happened…from
what I heard, Dr Looi took the consent form to her for amendment. …We have
reported the case to our insurers.

…

71 On 13 September 2007, Mr Li wrote to inquire about the outcome of the
investigation into “the nurse who added …on [the Consent Form]”. [note: 10]
Instead of notifying him of the outcome of the investigation, Mr Li was
shunted to another department: Safety and Risk Management Unit.[note: 11]

72 Gleneagles eventually wrote to Mr Li on 26 October 2007. It said:[note: 12]

“[O]ur Staff Nurse Chew Soo San was the person who prepared the hospital’s
consent form for your client’s signature … “it is for the patient’s own
private specialist to explain the procedure/surgery to the patient before the
formality of the hospital’s consent form is done”.

73 As can be seen, Gleneagles did not directly answer Mr Li’s request that he
be given the name of the nurse who added the second procedure on the Consent
Form post-surgery. Mr Lek confirmed that the hospital knew of the name of the
nurse who made the addition in October 2007. Yet, the hospital chose not to
reveal that its employee was involved in the addition of the second procedure
to the Consent Form even after Mr Li commenced litigation. Mr Li was left in
the dark as to who actually amended the Consent Form.[note: 13] He did not
know if the amendment was done by an employee of the hospital or by Dr Looi’s
clinic nurse.

74 Notwithstanding Mr Lek’s confirmation that Gleneagles knew that it was
Nurse Chew who had amended the Consent Form, Gleneagles pleaded defence did
not reveal who had amended the Consent Form. The defence pleaded that Mr Li
had signed the Consent Form to undergo the operation/procedure of “Tenolysis
Right Wrist” prior to the operation and that the second procedure was added to
the Consent Form which impliedly meant that the addition of the words “ulnar
neurolysis and repair” (_ie_ , the second procedure) was after the operation;
the Defence was silent as to the identity of the person who amended the
Consent Form.

75 In its Defence, Gleneagles pleaded that “[Mr Li’s] consent to the Tenolysis
Right Wrist and Ulnar Neurolysis and Repair procedures had been obtained in
accordance with the protocols/in-house rules established by
[Gleneagles]”.[note: 14] As regards the specific averment in the hospital’s
Defence that Mr Li’s consent to both surgeries was obtained in accordance with
the hospital’s protocols, Mr Martin pointed out that this averment was
intended to convey the impression that the consent was obtained prior to the
operation. This was because the protocols only permitted amendments to an
operation consent form before surgery and when the amendment was countersigned
by the patient. Such an averment obfuscates matters as other paragraphs in the
Defence read together seemed to infer that the second procedure was added to
the Consent Form post-surgery.

76 Mr Martin drew my attention to Dr Looi’s position taken prior to the
withdrawal of his Defence and at the hearing of an interlocutory application
for: (a) Further and Better Particulars and (b) leave to administer
Interrogatories. At that hearing, Dr Looi’s counsel denied that the Consent
Form was amended.[note: 15] The same denial was echoed by counsel for
Gleneagles despite its pleaded case to the contrary. To elaborate, the Notes
of Arguments of the hearing for both Further and Better Particulars and leave
to administer Interrogatories on 18 December 2009 recorded counsel for
Gleneagles as follows:[note: 16]

Page 4 of the Notes of Arguments

Our pleaded case in relation to [23] of the Defence is this: insofar as [Mr
Li] has alleged that [Gleneagles’] employees amended the [Consent Form] that
has been denied. What has been pleaded as a positive averment is that consent
for the two procedures was obtained by the private practitioner hand surgeon
in his clinic.

…

We are denying that [Gleneagles] amended the [Consent Form] ….

Page 7 of the Notes of Arguments

The second point that I have to make is that these interrogatories are a
backdoor attempt to obtain admissions to facts which have been denied by
[Gleneagles]. As demonstrated earlier, our case in relation to denying the
amendment is very clear. What [Mr Li] is trying to do is, instead of asking us
“do you admit that the form was amended”, they are trying to jump the gun and
say “who amended the form, when was it amended”. This shouldn’t be allowed as
we are denying that there was an amendment of the form.

[Mr Li] has always been fixated on the idea that someone had amended the
[Consent Form] without [his] consent. In the affidavit that has been filed by
[Gleneagles], there is a notice to admit facts. The second question that
[Gleneagles] was asked to admit is the words were added by Staff Nurse Chew
after [Mr Li] had signed the form. This is exactly what is being sought by
interrogatories right now. [Gleneagles’] position has been consistent. We have
always denied this.

Page 10 of Notes of Arguments

Our case is completely different. [Mr Li] is saying there was an amendment. We
deny that there was an amendment. How would interrogatories as to who amended
the form and when the form was amended assist [Mr Li’s] case and can it even
be allowed against [Gleneagles] as it is a negative case that my client is
pleading?

77 Mr Martin submitted, and rightly so, that both defendants “closed ranks
there”.[note: 17] In relation to the pleadings between Mr Li and Dr Looi, the
latter’s pleaded case was that the two procedures were done with the consent
of Mr Li.[note: 18] Presumably the addition of the second procedure to the
Consent Form was to make explicit what Dr Looi said in his pleadings which was
that Mr Li had given implied consent to the second procedure.

78 As for the reference to “Notice to Admit Facts” in the Notes of Argument, I
should explain that Mr Li served a Notice to Admit Facts (under O27 r 2 of the
ROC) which sought an admission that there was an alteration to the Consent
Form and that it was done by Nurse Chew.[note: 19] From the Notes of
Arguments, Gleneagles had not only strenuously objected to Mr Li’s
applications for Further and Better Particulars, it vigorously objected to Mr
Li’s application to serve Interrogatories on Nurse Chew.[note: 20]

79 The tort of conspiracy by unlawful means was introduced as a cause of
action after Nurse Chew answered the Interrogatories in January 2010. Mr Li
also introduced the cause of action of breach of statutory duty to keep and
maintain proper and accurate medical records (see [19] above).

Compensatory damages constituted by the time and money expended in
investigating and uncovering the conspiracy

Before action commenced

80 On the evidence, Mr Li had expended time and effort to uncover the
conspiracy, and this was clearly the case _before_ commencing the action in
March 2009. It is also clear that the specific Interrogatories Application
against Nurse Chew who was not a party to the action against Dr Looi and
Gleneagles (like Mr Li’s expenditure of time and effort to uncover the
conspiracy before litigation) was a natural and probable consequence of
Gleneagles’ wrong. Indeed, both matters may be characterised as the time and
expenses expended in investigating and uncovering the conspiracy. In the
context of Mr Li’s pecuniary loss, Mr Martin stated in written
submissions:[note: 21]

36 Though it is not strictly necessary for [Mr Li] to prove actual pecuniary
loss, which gives rise to the tort of conspiracy, because of the note signed
by Counsel when consent judgment was entered, there is clear evidence that [Mr
Li] did incur pecuniary loss (e.g when he paid for a copy of a Consent Form
that was not a copy of the original or un-tampered Consent Form or as [Mr Li]
has put it, he paid for a “fake”, or when he had to incur legal costs for his
Order 26A Interrogatories application against Nurse Chew). As [Mr Li] did
incur such pecuniary loss, [Mr Li] is entitled to damages at large.

81 Notably, the arguments before the AR were not exactly advanced as damages
constituted by investigatory costs globally incurred in investigating and
uncovering the conspiracy, which, in my view, is recoverable in principle (see
[57] to [59] above), and can be justified in this case.

82 At the appeals, Mr Martin submitted that, _inter alia_ , the following
should be awarded as damages: (a) a sum of $20,000 for Mr Li’s time and
effort, (b) a sum of $25,000 for the costs of the Interrogatories Application
against a non-party, and (c) a sum of $1,500 being the amount paid to Nurse
Chew in respect of the Interrogatories Application.

83 Mr Martin submitted generally that the award of $10,000 by the AR for the
time, effort, inconvenience and additional expense incurred was paltry and
“completely out of sync with the evidence of what [Mr Li] had to go through
because of [Gleneagles] and was therefore manifestly inadequate.”[note: 22] Mr
Lek, on the other hand, argued that the AR’s award of $10,000 was
objectionable in principle because every plaintiff in legal proceedings would
expend “time and effort and inconvenience” in pursuing the claim against his
opponent.[note: 23] Mr Lek further argued that no evidence was adduced as to
the amount of time Mr Li had expended in uncovering the truth.[note: 24] He
made the same point as regards the claim of $25,000 as damages. He concluded
that no damages should be awarded in the absence of evidence of quantum.
However, if the court was minded to give Mr Li something, then nominal damages
should be awarded.

84 It is not disputed that Mr Li had not turned his mind to maintaining a
record of his time spent and personal expenses. Nevertheless, the court was
invited to infer some expenditure of time and money on his part.

85 I agree with Mr Lek that it is incumbent on a litigant to adduce evidence
of quantum; otherwise, he is at risk of a finding that no evidence is given as
to its amount. However, it is not always the case that the court will award
nil or nominal damages where actual evidence of quantum from the litigant is
missing or insufficient. Oftentimes “the court does the best it can” on
whatever evidence that is available before the court. The same resolve must be
adopted (as seen from the cases) especially where damage is the gist of the
cause of action. Let me elaborate.

86 In this case, there is a factual basis (no doubt conceded by virtue of the
2011 Consent Judgment) for some compensation to be awarded and the court is
under a duty to assess damages at that point. It would be incorrect to award
nil or nominal damages since some harm had been established. Damages, which
are at large in the present case, are to compensate Mr Li for the consequences
of the conspiracy. In my view, evidence of quantum may be inferred from the
existence of the damage to enable the court to assess damages as best as it
can.

87 As the evidence set out above fully establishes, Gleneagles was effectively
stonewalling Mr Li, and Mr Li has diverted his time to investigate Gleneagles’
wrong _before_ litigation commenced. There was no uncertainty as to the cause
of the damages sought for the time and effort made to investigate and uncover
the conspiracy. And whilst Mr Li adduced no evidence of his actual expenditure
and of the duration of time he actually spent to uncover Gleneagles’ wrong,
these matters alone (as stated in [86] above) are not a reason for awarding
either nil or nominal damages.

88 The AR arrived at the figure of $10,000 based on $2,500 for each year
expended by Mr Li from 2007 to the time the 2011 Consent Judgment was entered
into to uncover the conspiracy in September 2011. Is the sum of $10,000 a fair
compensation bearing in mind the principle that damages in the tort of
conspiracy are at large? Would a reasonable man (personified by the court)
ascribe compensation at a level that is less than or the same as $10,000 or
higher at $20,000 as submitted by Mr Martin?

89 I find that the evidence supported four visits to Gleneagles’ office to
retrieve, amongst other things, his medical records, and bearing in mind that,
at all material times, Mr Li lived in Hong Kong and was self-employed, his
attendances at Gleneagles in person on four occasions necessarily involved
travelling to and staying over at Singapore. In this way, and looking at the
evidence in the context of the overall case, he would have incurred
expenditure in time and money in coming to Singapore in an effort to uncover
and expose Gleneagles’ wrong.

90 It is true that Mr Li did not provide actual figures to assist the court in
assessing his time spent including related personal expenses incurred _before_
litigation commenced, but that omission would impinge on the quantum of the
amount to be awarded in the sense that whilst an award of substantial damages
is not possible, the court must do its best to come up with some kind of value
for the time and effort by reference to tangibles such as air fares,
accommodation and personal expenses that would have been expended in
investigating and uncovering the conspiracy. In these circumstances, the
amount of damages would be modest.

91 For the reasons stated, Mr Li’s time and effort expended in unravelling the
conspiracy in relation to the amendment to the Consent Form _before_
litigation commenced (which could not be treated as part of the costs of the
action) is in principle recoverable. In my view, and for reasons different
from the AR, an appropriate quantum, gauged from the opinion and judgment of a
reasonable man gathered from Mr Li’s four visits to Gleneagles’ office, would
fall on the side of the global figure of $6,000. Accordingly, I award the sum
of $6,000.

After commencement of action

92 I now turn to the other claim which is for (a) the sum of $25,000 being the
costs of the Interrogatories Application against Nurse Chew and (b) the sum of
$1,500 being the amount paid to Nurse Chew for answering the Interrogatories.

93 The discussions here will centre on whether the costs of the
Interrogatories Application plus the sum of $1,500 paid to Nurse Chew are
recoverable as damages constituted by the expenses incurred in investigating
and uncovering the conspiracy. (See generally the discussions on _Lonrho (No
5)_ and _R+V Versicherung AG_ at [57]-[59] above.)

94 The Interrogatories Application was filed pursuant to O 26A r 1(2) of the
ROC. Order 26A r 1 sets out the procedure that a party would have to comply
with in order to seek interrogatories against a non-party before and after an
action has commenced. Rule 1 states:

**Interrogatories against other person (O. 26A, r. 1)**

1.—(1) An application for an order to administer interrogatories before the
commencement of proceedings _shall be made by originating summons_ and the
person against whom the order is sought shall be made defendant to the
originating summons.

(2) An application _after_ the commencement of proceedings for an order to
administer interrogatories to a person who is not a party to the proceedings
shall be _made by summons_ , which must be served on that person personally
and on every party to the proceedings.

[emphasis added].

95 Order 26A r 1(5) stipulates that this sub-rule is to enable the plaintiff
to seek information for the purpose of identifying the person who may be
liable to him.

96 The Assistant Registrar, Mr Francis Ng (“AR Ng”) who heard the leave
application ordered Interrogatories. The sum of $1,500 was paid to Nurse Chew
pursuant to O 26A r 5(5), which allowed the court to make an order for the
costs of the person ordered to comply with the Interrogatories.

97 From AR Ng’s relevant Notes of Arguments, Gleneagles had not only
strenuously objected to Mr Li’s applications for Further and Better
Particulars, it had also vigorously objected to Mr Li’s application to
administer Interrogatories on Nurse Chew.[note: 25] Gleneagles was privy to
the information that the addition was made by Nurse Chew way back in August
2007. Gleneagles, however, did not disclose Nurse Chew’s involvement as an
employee of the hospital to Mr Li who had to administer interrogatories on
Nurse Chew to find out the truth.

98 It is clear that the very purpose of administering Interrogatories on Nurse
Chew was to uncover the conspiracy. Here, Mr Martin used the expression
“unravel” to allude to the genesis and the circumstances of Nurse Chew’s act
in relation to the addition of the second procedure made to the Consent Form.
As such, the legal fees pleaded in para 64 (b) of the Statement of Claim are
properly characterised as investigatory costs. In my view, Mr Li expended
money to investigate and uncover the conspiracy _after_ litigation against Dr
Looi and Gleneagles had started and Nurse Chew’s answers to the
Interrogatories led to the introduction of the tort of conspiracy and breach
of statutory duty as additional causes of action against Gleneagles. The
Statement of Claim was amended to plead Gleneagles’ conspiracy with Dr Looi to
harm Mr Li and Gleneagles’ vicarious responsibility for Nurse Chew’s action.
Specifically relevant to the discussions here are the particulars of loss and
damage suffered by reason of the conspiracy in para 64(b) of the Statement of
Claim (Amendment No 3) which reads as follows:

…

(b) the financial loss and damage (flowing directly from the consequence to
injure by the Defendants) incurred in having to commence legal proceedings
against parties other than [Dr Looi and Gleneagles] for the purpose of
establishing that [Mr Li’s] medical records are not accurate and/or proper but
that they have been altered/amended/exchanged and/or switched by [Dr Looi]
and/or [Gleneagles].

_In particular, [Mr Li] has had to commence legal proceedings against the
parties other than [Dr Looi and Gleneagles] (ie. Nurse Chew] (in her personal
capacity) in order to establish his case that he had given consent to the
procedure of “Tenolysis Right Wrist” only and that his medical records,
including his [Consent Form] had been amended by the employees and servants of
[Gleneagles], thereby incurring legal fees payable both to his solicitors as
well as the cost of such proceedings to Nurse Chew Soo San_.

[emphasis added]

99 I should mention for completeness that after the 2011 Consent Judgment,
para 64(b) was further amended _vide_ Statement of Claim (Amendment No 5)
before the assessment of damages hearing to provide, _inter alia_ , the figure
of $25,000 being the legal fees of Mr Li’s lawyers (see [33] above).

100 As a matter of principle, damages constituted by expenses incurred
(quantum of which is to be decided) in connection with the Interrogatories are
recoverable. They formed part of the investigatory costs that arose as a
natural and probable consequence of Gleneagles’ wrong. A chronological history
of the proceedings that eventually led to Nurse Chew’s answers to
Interrogatories has already been set out.

101 I agree with Mr Martin that on the evidence, Mr Li was only able to
ascertain that the Consent Form was amended by Nurse Chew as a result of her
answers to the Interrogatories. As stated earlier, Gleneagles was privy to the
information that it was Nurse Chew who had made the addition. Gleneagles,
however, did not disclose Nurse Chew’s involvement to Mr Li who had to
administer Interrogatories on Nurse Chew to find out the truth. As I see it,
Mr Li is entitled to damages on the footing that if Gleneagles had disclosed
the truth about Nurse Chew’s involvement in the amendment, he would have been
able to prove his case against Dr Looi without the investigations into the
conspiracy post action, in particular administering Interrogatories on Nurse
Chew.

102 As stated, Mr Martin proposed the figure of $25,000 for work done by Mr
Li’s lawyers in relation to the Interrogatories. Mr Martin used the total
legal costs incurred by Mr Li in connection with the Interrogatories
Application as a yardstick in assessing damages. The two interim legal bills
dated 30 November 2009 and 12 March 2010 (“the Interim Bills”) were for the
total figure of $68,665.69. Mr Li stated in his affidavit that of the
$68,665.69 billed, he estimated that a sum of $25,000 (36.4%) was incurred in
relation to the Interrogatories Application.[note: 26]

103 Gleneagles’ objected to the figure of $25,000 for the Interrogatories
Application on the basis that only $2,500 was asked for by Mr Li against
Gleneagles at the Interrogatories Application when Mr Li succeeded in the
Interrogatories Application notwithstanding Gleneagles’ objections. Mr Li’s
proposed figure of $2,500 was in relation to the costs incurred by him in
dealing with Gleneagles’ objection to the Interrogatories Application. That
sum is quite different from Mr Li’s legal expenses in pursuing separate
Interrogatories Application against Nurse Chew.

104 Whilst I am prepared to treat the lawyer’s work not as part of the costs
of the action but instead as investigatory costs as described, I am of the
view that the proposed figure of $25,000 is too high. My assessment is that
$13,500 plus $1,500 paid the Nurse Chew is a fair and reasonable figure that
Gleneagles ought to pay Mr Li as damages. Therefore, in addition to the other
figure of $6,000 awarded to Mr Li for the time and effort he expended in
investigating the conspiracy, the aggregated amount of $21,000 ($6,000 +
$13,500 + $1,500) represents my award of damages directly caused by the
conspiracy.

Other consequential losses arising from the amendment to the Consent Form

105 Mr Li also claimed damages in relation to his loss of access to accurate
medical records and for not having been informed of the unlawful alteration
(see [33] above for para 64(a) of Statement of Claim (Amendment No 5).
According to Mr Martin, Mr Li is claiming consequential losses arising from
the amended Consent Form. The amendment was committed in breach of Gleneagles’
common law duty to keep and maintain proper medical records (see _R v Mid
Glamorgan Family Health Services_ [1995] 1 All ER 356 at 365 on the common law
right to access and duty to disclose) and statutory duty to inform Mr Li of
the alteration of the Consent Form (see Regulation 12 of the Private Hospital
and Medical Clinics Regulations (Cap 248, Rg 1)).

106 The quantum of damages suggested was $30,000 being the difference between
a straightforward negligence claim against Dr Looi for severing his ulnar
nerves negligently and the more complicated case that Mr Li was required to
prove as to whether he had consented to the second procedure of “Ulnar
Neurolysis and repair”. Mr Martin explained that the absence of accurate
medical records made it all the more difficult and costly to prove the
underlying negligence claim against Dr Looi. Typically, Mr Li would have been
able to rely on the Consent Form to prove against Dr Looi that he did not
consent to the second procedure. However, at Dr Looi’s instigation, Nurse Chew
had added the second procedure to the Consent Form post-surgery. Gleneagles
did not disclose to Mr Li the addition of the second procedure made to the
Consent Form post-surgery when a copy of the Consent Form was provided to Mr
Li. In those circumstances, Mr Li had to work out what had gone on to unravel
the truth behind the “fake” Consent Form that Gleneagles had provided to
him.[note: 27] Mr Martin argued that if Mr Li wanted to succeed against Dr
Looi, he would in essence have to show – as a result of him not being informed
by Gleneagles that the Consent Form was amended – that a competent surgeon
would not have advised that the procedures of “Tenolysis of the right hand”
and “Ulnar Neurolysis and repair” be carried out at the same time since they
were considered to be inconsistent rehabilitation paths.[note: 28] Dr Donald
Sammut, a hand surgeon, was appointed to support this contention in the
proceedings against Dr Looi. According to Mr Martin, it was only after
establishing this competency point that Mr Li might be able to convince the
court that Dr Looi had negligently severed his ulnar nerves during the
surgery. I suppose that Mr Martin was again saying that Mr Li had no accurate
medical records to rely on because of the tampering of the Consent Form and Dr
Sammut was required to fill that evidential gap.

107 It is now convenient to quote the relevant paragraph of Mr Martin’s
submissions that explained the basis of his proposed quantification of
$30,000. He wrote (at para 101):

Up to 21 June 2010, [Mr Li] had paid his lawyers $209,880.69 for his action
against both defendants… Splitting that in half, the costs attributable to [Dr
Looi] would be approximately $104,000. 30% of that would amount to $30,000.
Add another $20,000 for time, effort and inconvenience expended and suffered,
damages under this would amount to$50,000.

108 Mr Martin was at pains to explain that Mr Li was not seeking a claim for
unrecovered solicitor and own client costs that should have been asked of the
trial judge but is adopting “the costs paid” as a “measure of damage” to
determine the quantum of damages under this head of loss in relation to
accurate medical records (see [105] above).[note: 29] In other words, his idea
of an appropriate measure of damages was to use the unrecovered costs which he
estimated to be 30% as a yardstick to quantify the value of the loss.

109 The AR disagreed with Mr Martin. He agreed with Mr Lek that the sum of
$30,000 was in reality legal costs being claimed as damages. The sum of
$30,000 represented the legal costs incurred in proceeding against Dr Looi
which is the difference between the costs he had expended and the costs he may
recover as party-and-party costs against Dr Looi. He opined that such costs
were incurred in the same proceedings and as a matter of law not recoverable.
He further opined that Mr Li ought to have obtained from Tan Lee Meng J (who
gave the 2011 Consent Judgment) a full indemnity costs order that covers the
full legal costs incurred in proceedings against Dr Looi.

110 I make two points in relation to Mr Martin’s proposed measure of damages.
First, Mr Martin’s yardstick is not appropriate for measuring Mr Li’s damages
for this head of claim (_ie_ , para 64(a) of the Statement of Claim (Amendment
No 5)). By the time the appeals were listed for hearing, the taxation of Mr
Li’s bill of costs against Dr Looi was settled at $102,000 which is almost 98%
of his solicitor and own client bill proposed at $104,000 in the appeals. On
this basis, Mr Martin’s yardstick of 30% as a measure of damages is plainly
inappropriate. Second, the risk of overlapping expenses and hence double
recovery are potentially quite real especially in relation to the engagement
of Dr Donald Sammut and for his two reports as an expert witness. I should
explain that the taxation of Mr Li’s bill of costs of the action against Dr
Looi was settled at a global figure of $102,000, a breakdown of the figure of
$102,000 in respect of “section 1 costs” in the bill of costs was agreed at
$60,000 and the consent of parties was recorded _vide_ the Order of Court
dated 18 March 2014.[note: 30] Notably, the expenses incurred would come under
“section 3 disbursements” in the bill of costs (which items of disbursements
included all the expenses of the medical experts such as Dr Donald Sammut)
were drawn up for a total figure of $41,798.40 but eventually section 3
disbursements was settled at $40,000. I have no doubt that Dr Sammut’s charges
were covered in the $40,000.

111 Above all, I am not persuaded that the amended Consent Form made the case
against Dr Looi more complicated. At this point, I need only caution that the
court must take care not to include sums as damages for consequences which may
be due to Mr Li’s own unreasonable actions (_ie_ , Dr Sammut’s involvement)
_vis-à-vis_ Gleneagles. I will elaborate on this at [112] below. Finally, the
quantification of damages in respect of the liability for conspiracy is far
from straightforward by reason of Dr Looi’s settlement in that “credit” must
be given for payments received in settlement. In theory, the settlement
amounts paid by Dr Looi could have the consequential effect of extinguishing
or reducing Mr Li’s loss by reason of the conspiracy.

112 As stated above, the amended Consent Form was plainly intertwined with the
claim in battery against Dr Looi - the tampered Consent Form was the necessary
circumstance for the battery charge against Dr Looi. The tampered Consent Form
was also central to the negligence allegation against Dr Looi from an
evidential perspective so as to have a significant impact on his defence.
After all, the amended Consent Form would cast doubts as to the accuracy of
other entries in medical records. The alteration of the Consent Form would
create a _prima facie_ case of negligence and battery.

113 Given the serious implications associated with the addition of the second
procedure made to the Consent Form post-surgery, and in particular, the
addition on the face of the Consent Form was not made out to be a case of a
mere late entry to the Consent Form to regularise an honest earlier omission,
in assessing damages against Gleneagles, the court would still have to take
into account Mr Li’s win in the underlying action against Dr Looi and the
subsequent settlement of $160,000 plus costs of $102,000. After all the intent
of the conspiracy was to avoid Dr Looi’s liability for medical negligence and
a charge of battery. If Mr Li had lost against Dr Looi, it would have been
necessary to quantify the value of the action against Dr Looi, seeing that the
tampered evidence was central to the issue of damages. Conversely, any victory
against Dr Looi would invariably preclude Mr Li from obtaining substantial
damages for “spoiling” the evidence by the tampering.

114 Therefore, I agree with the AR (albeit for different reasons) that the
claim amount of $30,000 for expenses is unsustainable and is therefore
rejected.

Observations on recovering legal costs as damages

115 I need not dwell on the topic of unrecovered legal costs as damages in
light of the recent decision of the Court of Appeal in _Maryani Sadeli v Arjun
Permanand Samtani and another and other appeals_ [2015] 1 SLR 496 (“ _Maryani
Sadeli_ ”), which did away with the distinction between legal costs in the
same proceedings (“same-party case”) and other proceedings (“third-party
case”). It is necessary to say something about this decision in light of my
award of $15,000 as damages at [104] above.

116 The legal contention raised before the AR below was that Mr Li had
characterised “legal costs as damages”, and the AR, agreeing with Mr Lek, held
(at [14]) that the costs of the Interrogatories Application were already
determined in the terms of the 2011 Consent Judgment where the parties had
agreed that the _costs of the action_ between Gleneagles and Mr Li would be
paid by Gleneagles to Mr Li. Further, pursuant to O 59 r 27 of the ROC, he
held that such costs were to be assessed on a standard basis. Furthermore, the
AR also dismissed the alternative argument advanced by Mr Li that he could
claim his legal costs for the Interrogatories Application under O 59 r 3(5) of
the ROC, which provides that a party who refuses or neglects to admit a fact
under a Notice to Admit Facts served on him under O 27 r 2 of the ROC shall
pay the costs of proving that fact, unless the court orders otherwise.

117 Mr Martin made the following submissions. The AR was wrong in holding that
the 2011 Consent Judgment was determinative of the issue of costs of the
action because Mr Li was claiming damages and not costs of the Interrogatories
Application in the assessment of damages hearing. He relied on _Hammond v
Bussey_ (1888) 20 QBD 79 (“ _Hammond_ ”) to support Mr Li’s claim for the full
cost of legal fees incurred in the Interrogatories against Nurse Chew, a non-
party, since Gleneagles’ misconduct bought about the expenditure. He explained
that as Mr Li had to institute separate proceedings against a third party (who
is a non-party to the current proceedings) in order to identify the wrongdoer
or obtain information to sue the wrongdoer (the “other proceedings”), Mr Li
would be allowed to claim as damages the costs of suing the third party in
those “other proceeding” if Mr Li succeeds against Gleneagles in the current
proceedings.

118 The correctness of Mr Martin’s submissions turned on whether the principle
in _Hammond v Bussey_ is good law in Singapore. In contrast, Mr Lek urged this
court to follow the decision of the High Court in _Then Khek Koon and another
v Arjun Permanand Samtani and another and other suits_ [2014] 1 SLR 245 where
the court there opined (at [228]) that “the distinction between [a same-party
case] and [a third-party case] is too fragile and unprincipled a basis to
justify one rule applying in the former and the entirely opposite rule
applying in the latter.” That view was recently accepted on appeal by the
Court of Appeal in _Maryani Sadeli_ at [48].

119 The Court of Appeal in _Maryani Sadeli_ reviewed the justification, if
any, for the third-party rule as espoused in _Hammond_ and accepted in
_Ganesan Carlose & Partners v Lee Siew Chun_ [1995] 1 SLR(R) 358 (“ _Ganesan
Carlose_ ”). In _Ganesan Carlose_ , the Court of Appeal confirmed the rule
that it was not possible to recover costs incurred in earlier proceedings as
damages in subsequent proceedings when the parties to the previous and
subsequent proceedings were the same individuals or legal entities. However,
the Court of Appeal in _Ganesan Carlose_ accepted the legitimacy of the
principle in _Hammond_ and the soundness of it operating in situations
involving a non-party (_ie_ , the third-party case). This position was made
clear in the following passages in that case:

[12] It is settled law that where as a result of the defendant’s wrong the
plaintiff has incurred costs in other proceedings the plaintiff may, subject
to the rules of remoteness recover those costs from the defendant as damages:
_Hammond & Co v Bussey_ [(1888)] 20 QBD 79

[13] If the [plaintiff] had first taken out proceedings against [the 1st
defendant] and [the 2nd defendant] and lost and had subsequently sued [the 3rd
defendant] she could certainly claim the costs incurred thereby (both for
suing as well as the party and party costs) as damages against [the 3rd
defendant]. That would have fallen within the rule in _Hammond v Bussey_.

[18] We would endorse the statement of the law set out in Halsbury’s Laws of
England vol 12 (Butterworths, 4th Ed) at para 1120:

A party to court proceedings may not recover his costs of those proceedings
from any other party to them except by an award of costs by the court. The
costs of other proceedings, however, stand on a different footing. Where, as a
result of the defendant’s wrong, the plaintiff has incurred costs in other
proceedings the plaintiff may, subject to the rules of remoteness, recover
those costs from the defendant as damages.

…

120 Returning to _Maryani v Sadeli_ , Andrew Phang JA, delivering the judgment
of the Court of Appeal, opined at [46] that there was no reason why a third-
party case should be treated any differently from a same-party case simply
because the plaintiffs could point to another party who was ultimately
responsible for the state of affairs which resulted in litigation. Commenting
further on _Hammond_ and _Ganeson Carlose_ , Phang JA said at [58]:

With respect, we therefore do not think the statement made by this court in
_Ganesan Carlose_ citing _Hammond_ ([40] supra) (at [12]) that ,”[i]t is
settled law that where as a result of the defendant’s wrong the plaintiff has
incurred costs in other proceedings the plaintiff may, subject to the rules of
remoteness, recover those costs from the defendant as damages”, was not meant
to be a firm endorsement of the third-party rule, and we decline to adopt the
third-party rule as stated in _Ganesan Carlose_ for the reasons stated above.

121 The Court of Appeal in _Maryani v Sadeli_ held that the general rule that
disallows a claim for unrecovered legal costs in previous proceedings as
damages in a subsequent action applies to both the same-party cases and the
third-party cases. The reason for this general rule is public policy. Our
legal regime on costs recovery is such that full recovery of legal costs by
the successful party is an exception rather than the norm. This rule does not
exist to prejudice the winning party in litigation, but is a manifestation of
the law’s policy of enhancing access to justice for all. Our public policy of
enhancing access to justice applies to same-party cases as well as third-party
cases. Phang JA explained that unrecovered legal costs are part and parcel of
resolving disputes by seeking recourse to Singapore’s legal system and anyone
who comes before the Singapore courts must accept this as a necessary
incidence of using the litigation process. Phang JA pointed out at [34] that
it is in this light that the general rule must be understood.

122 However, Phang JA at [53] left open for now the narrow possibility of
arguing full recovery of legal costs as an exception to the general rule in
very rare and exceptional circumstances:

Where the plaintiff would _only_ have been able to claim _costs_ based on _the
indemnity principle in the previous proceedings, it appears to us to be
correct in principle that the plaintiff ought not, in subsequent proceedings,
to be able to claim for the unrecovered costs of the previous proceedings -
albeit with at least one possible caveat._ Given the myriad of possible fact
circumstances, we would not rule out the possibility of situations where the
measure of damages awarded by the court might consist of the full costs (_ie_
, costs that go beyond the measure awardable pursuant to the indemnity
principle). In the nature of things (and given the need to give effect to the
policy considerations underlying the law on costs), we would think that such
instances _would be exceptionally rare (if they in fact exist at all)_.
However, as this issue does not arise in the context of the present appeals,
we will render a definitive pronouncement when it arises directly for
decision. We would simply clarify, in the context of the present proceedings,
that, to the extent that the law laid down in _British Racing_ is taken to
wholly preclude recovery of the costs of previous proceedings in a subsequent
claim in damages, this may be too categorical an approach to adopt when we
consider that we are dealing with an area of law where judicial discretion is
critical in achieving a fair and just outcome on each particular set of facts.
[emphasis in original].

123 Phang JA then summarised the legal position in Singapore (at [59]):

Let us summarise the analysis thus far. _Where the plaintiff brings a claim in
damages against the defendant for the costs of previous proceedings, the
general rule is that the measure of the plaintiff's claim would be subject to
the policy considerations embodied within the law on costs_. This limit is (in
accordance with the indemnity principle) costs on the standard basis (or costs
on the indemnity basis where appropriate) and applies both to the plaintiff in
a same-party case and a third-party case - subject (possibly) to the
exceptionally rare (and indeed, almost hypothetical) instance where the
plaintiff is able to persuade the court that the facts of the case are such
that an award of the full measure of costs beyond that awardable pursuant to
the indemnity principle might be justified (a possible situation which did not
arise in the context of the present proceedings and which will be dealt with
definitively when it arises directly for decision). In this connection, the
effect of _British Racing_ (as also recognised by the Judge) should not be
taken to constitute an _inflexible bar_ to a plaintiff in a third-party case
inasmuch as it would proscribe him from recovering any of the costs incurred
in the earlier litigation as damages. [emphasis added].

124 In my view, the pronouncements in _Maryani v Sadeli_ do not affect my
analysis on investigatory costs and my award of $15,000. My point is that on
the unique facts of this case, the general rule against recovery of legal
costs as damages in _Maryani v Sadeli_ is not engaged for the following
combined reasons:

(a) First, pursuant to the 2011 Consent Judgment (at [27] above) Gleneagles
conceded that Mr Li suffered pecuniary loss in the form of legal costs to Mr
Li in connection with the Interrogatories Application as well as costs to
Nurse Chew. In relation to this first point, it is important to note that
Gleneagles conceded the fact of damage by virtue of the 2011 Consent Judgment
and the amount of the damages will have to be assessed by the court based on
whatever the facts permit.

(b) Second, the terms of the signed note (at [28] above). I am mindful that Mr
Li was not required by the signed note to prove the fact of damage at the
assessment of damages hearing.

(c) Third, the existence of the fact of damage (_ie_ , unrecovered solicitor
and own client’s costs in relation to the Interrogatories Application) was
conceded by virtue of the 2011 Consent Judgment. This fact of damage would
form the basis to assess the amount of the damages based on a recognised
measure of loss.

(d) This leads me to the fourth point. Investigatory costs are a recognised
measure of loss that is specific to the tort of conspiracy and my award of
$15,000 is for damages constituted by the investigatory costs. The award of
$15,000 is based on a discrete principle and is thus not inconsistent nor is
it a backdoor attempt to undermine or militate against the general rule
against recovery of solicitor and own client costs. Let me amplify on these
points.

125 I have already set out Mr Li’s pleaded position in relation to this head
of claim that first appeared in para 64(b) of the Statement of Claim
(Amendment No 3) at [98] above. As Mr Martin pointed out, para 64(b) was
already pleaded as early as 26 July 2010 and the 2011 Consent Judgment was
entered into in September 2011. The 2011 Consent Judgment ordered that Mr Li’s
“damages be assessed thereon” (see [27] above) and, as a matter of
construction of the 2011 Consent Judgment, the parties were to proceed to
assess the quantum of the admitted pecuniary loss as pleaded.

126 I need to go back to my observations on the effect of the 2011 Consent
Judgment on the question of quantum at [24] to [34] above to support this
construction. In sum, as regards para 64(b) of the pleadings, Gleneagles had
conceded and accepted in the 2011 Consent Judgment that Mr Li had suffered the
form of pecuniary loss particularised in the Statement of Claim (Amendment No
4), leaving quantum to be assessed.

127 It is therefore clear that Gleneagles accepted that Mr Li had suffered
pecuniary loss in the form particularised in para 64(b) and agreed to pay the
quantum of the pecuniary loss that could be proved by Mr Li. The form of
pecuniary loss particularised in para 64(b) was the full legal costs that he
had to pay his lawyers in connection with the Interrogatories Application. It
is worth repeating Mr Martin’s written submissions which I had earlier quoted
at [80] above on Mr Li’s pecuniary loss:[note: 31]

36 Though it is not strictly necessary for [Mr Li] to prove actual pecuniary
loss, which gives rise to the tort of conspiracy, because of the note signed
by Counsel when consent judgment was entered, there is clear evidence that [Mr
Li] did incur pecuniary loss (e.g when he paid for a copy of a Consent Form
that was not a copy of the original or un-tampered Consent Form or as [Mr Li]
has put it, he paid for a “fake”, or when he had to incur legal costs for his
Order 26A Interrogatories application against Nurse Chew). As [Mr Li] did
incur such pecuniary loss, [Mr Li] is entitled to damages at large.

128 As regards the signed note (at [28] above), Gleneagles agreed to pay “such
damages as can be proved by [Mr Li] without the need to prove liability for
the causes of action.”

129 In this case, Gleneagles sought to argue a preliminary point on whether
the costs of the Interrogatories Application could, as a matter of principle,
be claimed by Mr Li against it as damages. This preliminary point is
misconceived. As stated, damage forms the gist of the cause of action in
conspiracy. I have already made the point that pursuant to the 2011 Consent
Judgment, the fact of damage was conceded. In light of this, it is
indisputable that Gleneagles conceded and accepted Mr Li’s suffered pecuniary
loss as arising from the Interrogatories Application _viz_ , legal costs
(subject to quantification) and the amount paid to Nurse Chew. These were the
items of expenditure incurred on account of the Interrogatories Application.
The pleaded case characterised the legal costs of the Interrogatories
Application as damage “flowing directly from the conspiracy”. That being the
case, pursuant to the 2011 Consent Judgment, Mr Li should be able, subject to
quantifying the amount of his loss, to claim the legal costs of the
Interrogatories Application as damages. To make my views clear, it is by
virtue of Gleneagles’ acceptance of Mr Li’s pleaded pecuniary loss in the form
of lawyer’s fees in connection with the Interrogatories Application and the
signed note that Gleneagles is precluded from now arguing that such a loss
cannot be claimed as a matter of law. What this Court is doing is simply to
give effect to the parties’ agreement embodied in the 2011 Consent Judgment. I
had earlier held that costs of the Interrogatories applications are allowable
as investigatory costs and this is a recognised measure of loss that is
specific to the tort of conspiracy. What is open to Gleneagles to argue is the
amount of the pecuniary loss.

Aggravated damages

Decision of the AR

130 The AR awarded the sum of $240,000 (at a rate of $60,000 per year for a
period of four years (“the relevant period”) as aggravated damages. The AR
held that Gleneagles’act in giving a copy of the Consent Form to Mr Li without
informing him that it had been amended as well as failing to reveal the truth
to him all the way up to the point in time of entering into the 2011 Consent
Judgment constituted exceptional conduct which justified an award of
aggravated damages. The AR also made a finding that Mr Li had suffered “great
mental anguish” during the relevant period.[note: 32]

131 Mr Li’s dissatisfaction was not with the yearly rate of $60,000. His
criticism was with the AR’s decision to use the date of the 2011 Consent
Judgment as the cut-off date, which he argued was without any legal basis. His
contention was that the AR ought to have taken into account matters that would
affect the quantum of damages up to the time of assessment of damages since Mr
Li still suffered residual mental anguish and depression up to and including
the time of the assessment hearing. Mr Martin argued that extra damages should
be awarded because of the false defence that was raised.[note: 33]The false
defence was the denial by counsel at the hearing of the application for
Further and Better Particulars and application for leave to administer
Interrogatories that the Consent Form was ever amended.

132 In contrast, Mr Lek argued that the AR wrongly based his award of
aggravated damages on his finding that Mr Li had suffered “distress” and
“depression”, arguing the important distinctions between “major depression”,
“clinical mental disorder” and “reactive depression”. The psychiatrists who
testified at the assessment hearing opined that Mr Li was suffering from
reactive depression which could arise from stress. The evidence is that Mr
Li’s condition was not severe and that he was not on medication. He did not
have to go through any treatment with a psychiatrist or psychologist. Mr Lek
pointed out that litigation stress could trigger reactive depression, and that
Mr Li’s evidence was that he felt better after Gleneagles was given a stern
warning by the Ministry of Health. Hence, the AR was wrong to award aggravated
damages using reactive depression as a starting point. To Mr Lek, the AR’s
award was excessive as it was disproportionate by any measure. In his view, if
Mr Li was asking for $50,000 as compensatory damages, aggravated damages
should be less than $50,000 and that clearly, $240,000 for aggravated damages
was excessive.

133 I also note that the AR found that Mr Li’s mental anguish arose from
Gleneagles _falling short of his_ expectations as a premier private hospital.
The learned AR opined as follows (at [23] of the AR’s Judgment):

As for Mr Li’s mental distress and anguish, it may be summarised in the
following way. Mr Li’s appreciation of Singapore’s reputation was such that
_he had taken the propriety and transparency of one of Singapore’s premier
private hospitals as a given. He had expected the same high standards of its
doctors. After he had undergone the botched surgery and had suspected that the
consent form was altered, he had expected the hospital to come clean with the
truth. Instead, the hospital handed him an altered consent form without
telling him that it had been altered. The hospital continued to hide the truth
from Mr Li for the years following the operation up to the bringing of the
action_. Even after the action was brought, the hospital still did not reveal
the truth and in fact resisted Mr Li’s attempts to uncover the truth by
resisting Mr Li’s application for interrogatories to be served on Ms Chew. In
this entire process, Mr Li had tried to confide in his friends who instead
laughed at him and exclaimed that such a cover-up was not possible in
Singapore. _The entire episode made Mr Li become more withdrawn_. He could not
believe that this was happening to him. He started to distrust doctors and
hospitals. He persisted in bringing the action because he wanted the truth to
be uncovered. He also wanted the hospital to be accountable and to prevent
this from happening to another person. [emphasis added].

134 The AR’s award of $240,000 was for, _inter alia_ , the distress Mr Li
suffered as a result of Gleneagles’ conduct. It was plain that the AR assessed
aggravated damages as if it was a free-standing head of loss that required an
independent measure of assessment. There was no reference to the other amount
of $10,000 awarded to Mr Li as compensatory damages.

135 The AR’s decision raises three questions. The first (and prior) question
is whether aggravated damages may even be awarded in the tort of conspiracy by
unlawful means.

136 The second relates to the nature of aggravated damages _viz_ , whether
they are meant to be assessed as a separate head of loss based on some
external measure or whether they exist to augment an award of compensatory
damages.

137 The third question (which is a corollary to the second question) is
whether the principle of proportionality applies in the assessment of
aggravated damages. I will be addressing the second and third question
together.

Availability of aggravated damages in conspiracy by unlawful means

138 It was held in _Tan Harry v Teo Chee Yeow Aloysius_ [2004] 1 SLR(R) 513 at
[82] (“ _Harry Tan_ ”) that in order for a plaintiff to claim aggravated
damages, he would need to show that there is contumelious or exceptional
conduct or motive on the part of the defendant and that the plaintiff suffered
an intangible loss, injury to personality or mental distress, as the case may
be. These general guiding principles have been articulated in a similar manner
in the English Law Commission's Report on Aggravated, Exemplary and
Restitutionary Damages (Law Com No 247, 1997)) (“Law Commission’s Report”) (at
p 11).

139 A preliminary question of relevance is whether aggravated damages can be
awarded for the tort of conspiracy by unlawful means. As the parties’ research
has not found a local case on point, I propose to review the position in other
Commonwealth jurisdictions.

United Kingdom

140 In _Quinn v Leatham_ (at [50] above), the House of Lords affirmed the
decision of the trial judge and dismissed the appeal. The trial judge held
that the elements of conspiracy were made out on the facts and directed the
jury to assess damages. I repeat again here the following directions given by
the trial judge to the jury (reproduced at 498) and that same direction was
later approved by the House of Lords:

I told the jury that _pecuniary loss, directly caused by the conduct of the
defendants, must be proved in order to establish a cause of action_ , and I
advised them to require to be satisfied that such loss to a substantial amount
had been proved by the plaintiff. I declined to tell them that if actual and
substantial pecuniary loss was proved to have been directly caused to the
plaintiff by the wrongful acts of the defendants, they were bound to limit the
amount of damages to the precise sum so proved. I told them that _if the
plaintiff gave the proof of actual and substantial loss necessary to maintain
the action, they were at liberty in assessing damages to take all the
circumstances of the case, including the conduct of the defendants, reasonably
into account_.” [emphasis added]

141 With the House of Lords’ approval, the above directions have been
interpreted by subsequent cases to suggest that it is possible to consider
aggravating circumstances in the award of damages for conspiracy by unlawful
means. One such case is _Khodaparast v Shad_ [2000] 1 All ER 545. In that
case, the English Court of Appeal had to decide whether aggravated damages
could be awarded for the tort of malicious falsehood. In reaching its
decision, the English Court of Appeal analysed the state of the law in
relation to other torts and noted that _Quinn v Leatham_ stood for the
proposition that aggravated damages may be claimed in the tort of conspiracy
by unlawful means once the requisite pecuniary loss to sustain the action in
conspiracy has been proved. This can be gleaned from the following passage (at
556):

“…**There are a number of cases and areas of law where special damage or
pecuniary loss must be established to constitute a cause of action but where,
once that is established, damages are at large and aggravated damages can be
awarded** (see _Pratt v British Medical Association_ [1919] 1 KB 244 at 281, a
case of damage to trade; _Lynch v Knight_ (1861) 9 HL Cas 577 at 598, 11 ER
854 at 863, where Lord Wensleydale was dealing with a case of slander;
**_Quinn v Leatham_****[1901] AC 495 at 498, which is the judge’s direction to
the jury in a case of conspiracy to injure trade** ; and _Archer v Brown_
[1984] 2 All ER 267, [1985] QB 401, a case of deceit).” [emphasis in bold
added]

142 Indeed, commentators have reasoned more generally on the back of the cases
referred to in the passage cited at [141] above that aggravated damages may be
awarded in causes of action where damages are at large. Commentary to that
effect is found in Andrew Tetternborn’s _Law of Damages_ (LexisNexis, 2nd Ed,
2010) (at para 2.22) and the _Halsbury’s Laws of England_ (LexisNexis, 5th Ed,
Vol 29, 2014) at para 323. I also note that the aforementioned paragraph in
_Halsbury’s Laws of England_ specifically recognises the availability of
aggravated damages for the tort of conspiracy in English law.

143 Further, in _Michaels and another v Taylor Woodrow Developments Ltd and
others_ [2001] Ch 493, Laddie J was asked to strike out an action for
conspiracy by unlawful means. While he granted the application and struck out
the action, he made the following observations (at [65]) that recognise that
the court could award aggravated damages for conspiracy by unlawful means:

… That said, I can see much attraction in the courts suppressing the pleading
of unlawful means conspiracies where the same allegation could be expressed in
terms of joint tortfeasance. In such cases the allegation of conspiracy may
add nothing but invective to the claim form and pleadings. Second, _the
existence and implementation of a wrongful conspiracy may affect the scope of
the damages. For example it may be easier to obtain aggravated damages in a
case of unlawful means conspiracy_ than it would be in an action against each
defendant separately. It is not necessary to determine whether those damages
could ever be different from and larger than the damages which would be
recovered if the plea was simply stated in terms of joint tortfeasance.
[emphasis added]

Australia and Canada

144 In _Latham v Singleton_ [1981] 2 NSWLR 843, the Supreme Court of New South
Wales had to decide an action brought under the tort of conspiracy by unlawful
means. The conspiracy there was to intimidate the plaintiff’s employer by
unlawful means. In that case, the court considered (at 877) the possibility of
awarding general damages for economic loss, general damages for pain and
suffering, aggravated damages and exemplary damages. On the facts, the court
awarded damages for economic loss and pain and suffering but did not award
aggravated or exemplary damages due to the provocative conduct of the
plaintiff. Be that as it may it seems clear that, in principle, aggravated
damages may be awarded under Australian law for the tort of conspiracy by
unlawful means.

145 Indeed, a leading Australian textbook on torts, R P Balkin and J L R
Davis, _Law of Torts_ (LexisNexis Butterworths, 4th Ed, 2009) notes in the
following manner (at p 616 and p 758) that aggravated damages are claimable
under Australian law for the tort of conspiracy by unlawful means:

[21.49] Once the precondition of pecuniary loss has been fulfilled, the
measure of the plaintiff’s damage will encompass not only the loss of earning
capacity but also injury to a person’s feelings or to the reputation of a
business and, in appropriate circumstances, aggravated or exemplary damages.

146 Lastly, it is to be noted that in the context of Canada, the Supreme Court
of Alberta awarded aggravated damages for an action in conspiracy by unlawful
means in the case of _McKinnon v F. W. Woolworth Co. Ltd. et al._ (1968) 70
DLR (2d) 280.

A principled approach

147 While the authorities suggest that it is possible to award aggravated
damages for the tort of conspiracy by unlawful means, it is important to seek
a principled approach for deciding whether aggravated damages should be
awarded in the tort of conspiracy by unlawful means. In this regard, the
approach in Paula Giliker’s _A ‘new’ head of damages: damages for mental
distress in the English law of torts_ (2000) 20 Legal Studies 19 (“ _Giliker_
”) is of some assistance. While the author there was advocating the
recognition of mental distress damages in English law, she analysed the
situations where aggravated damages have been awarded in English law and was
able to identify elements inherent in a cause of action that could potentially
justify such an award.

148 Insofar as the economic torts, such as malicious falsehood, inducing
breach of contract, intimidation and deceit, are concerned, it is, in essence,
suggested by _Giliker_ at 35 that the pre-existing availability of aggravated
damages in these torts is justifiable as these torts are intentionally
committed. Given the finding of intentionality, the courts are entitled to
take into account the circumstances in which the tort was committed, the
social costs to the victim and the conduct of the defendant. I broadly agree
with this justification and its applicability to the tort of conspiracy by
unlawful means, where the court would make a finding in relation to an
unlawful intention on the part of a defendant. In this regard, I also wish to
allude to an observation in _McGregor on Damages_ (at para 46-020) that the
damages in conspiracy by unlawful means follow the same pattern as that of
inducing breach of contract.

149 However, I must caution that given the test accepted in _Harry Tan_ (at
[138] above) aggravated damages must be reserved for cases where there is in
existence contumelious or exceptional conduct or motive. Therefore, a
defendant’s act of conspiracy in and of itself will not justify an award of
aggravated damages. A court will have to have regard to the relationship
between the parties and the circumstances in which the conspiracy was executed
to analyse if the conduct of the defendant can be said to be contumelious or
exceptional. In any case, my view is that no aggravated damages are
recoverable in principle by a corporate plaintiff since the latter cannot
suffer mental distress or injury to feelings.

150 For the reasons stated, I hold that, as a matter of Singapore law,
aggravated damages may be awarded in an action for conspiracy by unlawful
means. This leads me to the next topic of the discussion which is whether a
claim for aggravated damages for distress is a free-standing discrete head of
loss or whether it exists to augment an award of compensatory damages.

Was the AR correct in awarding aggravated damages as a free-standing head of
loss and does the principle of proportionality apply in the assessment of
aggravated damages?

151 Prior to the landmark decision of the House of Lords in _Rookes v Barnard_
[1964] AC 1129 (“ _Rookes v Barnard_ ”), aggravated damages were not
distinguished from punitive damages and recognised as a separate category of
damages in the court’s remedial arsenal. Lord Devlin opined in _Rookes v
Barnard_ (at 1230) that aggravated damages are compensatory in nature as they
allow the court to award a greater or _additional compensatory sum_ when the
conduct or motive of the defendant “aggravates” the injury done to the
plaintiff. This provides the first indication that aggravated damages were
meant to augment the award of general damages. Furthermore, the decisions of
other courts in the common law jurisdiction recognised aggravated damages as a
means to augment the award of general damages. In short, claims for aggravated
damages are parasitic on another head of loss.

152 I start with Lord Woolf MR’s remarks in _Thompson & Hsu v Commissioner of
Police of the Metropolis_ [1998] QB 498 (“ _Thompson & Hsu_”). That case
involved two plaintiffs who were wrongfully arrested and subsequently
assaulted and manhandled by police officers for a period of four hours. The
jury found that the police had fabricated a false case and evidence against
the plaintiffs. The Court of Appeal awarded general damages, aggravated
damages and punitive damages to the plaintiffs. Lord Woolf there suggests the
following touchstone for the award of aggravated damages (at 516):

(8) If the case is one in which aggravated damages are claimed and could be
appropriately awarded, the nature of aggravated damages should be explained to
the jury. Such damages can be awarded _where there are aggravating features
about the case which would result in the plaintiff not receiving sufficient
compensation for the injury suffered if the award were restricted to a basic
award_. … [emphasis added].

153 Similarly, the Supreme Court of Canada in _Vorvis v. Insurance Corp. of
British Columbia_ [1989] 1 S.C.R. 1085 at 1099 stated unequivocally that
aggravated damages were meant to augment the general damages assessed in the
following manner:

_Aggravated damages are awarded to compensate for aggravated damage. As
explained by Waddams, they take account of intangible injuries and by
definition will generally augment damages assessed under the general rules
relating to the assessment of damages._ Aggravated damages are compensatory in
nature and may only be awarded for that purpose. [emphasis added]

154 In both Australia and New Zealand, it has been noted that aggravated
damages denote _an award which is increased beyond what might otherwise be
available as compensatory damages_ , _ie_ , to augment the award of general
damages to take into account the defendant’s conduct in the commission of the
tort and thereafter up to the hearing of the action (see _Lamb v Cotogno_
(1987) 164 CLR 1 at 8; and _Taylor v Beere_ [1982] 1 NZLR 81 at 93-94).

155 Insofar as Singapore law is concerned, the Court of Appeal in _Koh Sin
Chong Freddie v Chan Cheng Wah Bernard_ [2013] 4 SLR 629 (“ _Koh Sin Chong
Freddie_ ”) endorsed the purpose of awarding aggravated damages as highlighted
in _Thompson & Hsu_ at [152] above at [77] of the report.

156 As seen above, the law in Singapore and the courts in England, Australia,
New Zealand and Canada are unanimous in outlining the compensatory role of
aggravated damages and the fact that they exist to augment the amount of
general damages available so as to adequately compensate the plaintiff for the
aggravation of the injury. Aggravated damages are in this sense “parasitic” on
compensatory damages, the plaintiff being unable to recover aggravated damages
unless (a) general damages are proved and (b) the adequacy of the amount of
damages calls for augmentation of the general damages.

157 In relation to item (a), where proof of pecuniary loss is the gist of the
cause of action, as with conspiracy by unlawful means, aggravated damages
cannot be awarded unless compensatory damages have been proved. This is
summarised in the principle set out in set out in _Thompson & Hsu viz_,
whether there are aggravating features about the case which would result in
the plaintiff not receiving sufficient compensation for the injury suffered if
the award were restricted to a basic award.

158 It is therefore immediately clear that the AR had erred in relation to
this head of damages by seeking an independent measure (see [162] below) to
assess the mental distress suffered by Mr Li instead of analysing the adequacy
of the compensatory damages he awarded before deciding on whether they should
be augmented by way of an award of aggravated damages in light of the conduct
of Gleneagles and the consequential anguish Mr Li suffered. The AR’s approach
lends itself to further criticism as Mr Li had not pleaded a claim for mental
distress (_ie_ , mental distress falling short of psychiatric harm) as an
independent head of loss.

159 Even if one might argue that the approach of the AR was another way of
assessing aggravated damages, the inherent problem with the AR’s approach is
that it does not accommodate the principle of proportionality. And the reason
why aggravated damages are awarded with reference to general damages, as
espoused in _Thompson & Hsu_, is because of concerns relating to
proportionality. Let me explain.

160 I start by highlighting the following general guidelines on
proportionality set out by Lord Woolf in _Thompson & Hsu_ at 516:

(10) We consider that where it is appropriate to award aggravated damages the
figure is unlikely to be less than a £1,000. We do not think it is possible to
indicate a precise arithmetical relationship between basic damages and
aggravated damages because the circumstances will vary from case to case. In
the ordinary way, however, _we would not expect the aggravated damages to be
as much as twice the basic damages except perhaps where, on the particular
facts, the basic damages are modest_. [emphasis added].

161 The decision of _Thompson & Hsu_ has been followed by the Court of Appeal
in _Koh Sin Chong Freddie_ where it considered that the principle of
proportionality should apply to the assessment of aggravated damages. The
court opined as follows:

74 It is clear from the above authorities that courts in Singapore and various
other common law jurisdictions do not subscribe to any rule that aggravated
damages must be a fixed proportion of general damages. _Be that as it may, we
are nonetheless of the view that there should be some semblance of
proportionality between the quantum of general damages and aggravated damages
awarded_.

…

[77] We endorse the view articulated in _Habib_ that our courts should tread
cautiously when determining the appropriate amount of aggravated damages to
award. Ultimately, even where aggravated damages are appropriate, the total
figure for both general and aggravated damages should not exceed fair
compensation for the injury suffered by the claimant, see _Thompson v
Commissioner of Police of the Metropolis_ [1998] QB 498. _Aggravated damages
are meant to compensate for the aggravation of the injury; they are not an
arbitrary top-up unrelated to the desire of the court to compensate the
plaintiff for the aggravation._ [emphasis added].

162 The quantum of aggravated damages awarded by the AR at $240,000 (at a
multiple of 24 times that of general damages in the sum of $10,000) was
excessive and reveals “no semblance of proportionality” because he analysed
aggravated damages as a free-standing and distinct head of loss. First, the
AR’s approach was to find a comparable figure for mental distress damages. He
relied on _Kay Swee Pin v Singapore Island Country Club_ [2008] SGHC 143 (“
_Kay Swee Pin_ ”) as a suitable starting point. Seeing that the AR was
awarding aggravated damages, which is “parasitic” on the basic award of
general damages, the general damages awarded (_ie_ , $10,000) should have
formed the starting point of his assessment. In short, the AR ought to have
considered the adequacy of the award of general damages. For these reasons,
the AR’s award of aggravated damages was grossly disproportionate with his
award of general damages.

163 As an aside, aggravated damages have to be specifically pleaded and the
amount awarded as aggravated damages must be identified separately in the
court’s final award. These points do not detract from the legal position that
aggravated damages are “parasitic” and depend ultimately on the adequacy of
the quantum of general damages awarded.

Discussion and decision on the evidence of contumelious or exceptional conduct
of Gleneagles and its impact on Mr Li

164 The circumstances attracting an award of aggravated damages include the
manner in which the wrong was committed. As stated earlier (at [138] above),
broadly speaking, before aggravated damages are awarded to compensate a
plaintiff, there must be evidence of contumelious or exceptional conduct or
motive on the part of the defendant in inflicting the injury and the defendant
must have suffered some kind of intangible loss (distress, injury to
personality, injury to feelings or the like). In assessing aggravated damages,
the court takes into consideration not only evidence of the manner and
circumstances in which the injury was inflicted but also the events up to and
including the trial (in this case the assessment of damages hearing before the
AR). Thus, subsequent conduct would include the conduct of Gleneagles’ defence
where it prolonged or revived the plaintiff’s feelings in the form of
distress, outrage and like emotions.

165 There are two features here that are material and I propose to focus on
them now.

166 First, the status of Mr Li as a patient and Gleneagles as the hospital
that admitted Mr Li as a patient. The expectation of patients in the position
of Mr Li is that the treating doctor and hospital will not do anything to harm
the patient because of their negligence, carelessness, or reckless attitude of
their staff. The vulnerability of patients admitted to a hospital is quite
real. During his stay in the hospital, the patient is under the care of the
hospital. His medical records form an important part of the hospital’s
management of Mr Li as a patient. Medical records include a variety of
documentation of the patient’s history, clinical findings, diagnostic test
results, pre-operative care, operation notes, post-operative care, and daily
notes of a patient’s progress and medications. A patient’s signed consent is
an important medical record as it shows that a procedure was conducted with
the consent of the patient. Against this backdrop of trust and confidence, Mr
Li’s written consent was tampered with, post-surgery, by an employee of
Gleneagles. The latter in turn did not tell Mr Li that a second procedure was
added to the Consent Form by an employee post-surgery. Mr Martin submitted
that Nurse Chew’s participation in the conspiracy by taking up a pen of the
same colour to alter the Consent Form was “of a most pernicious and insidious
character”[note: 34], and it assisted a rogue doctor to cover up a case of
battery in relation to the second procedure.

167 In the scheme of things, the hospital’s acts and omissions would more
likely than not cause shock, distress and outrage to someone in the position
of Mr Li whose Consent Form was tampered with post-surgery. This is of course
exacerbated and “aggravated” by Gleneagles’ subsequent concealment of the
addition of the second procedure made to the Consent Form post-surgery until
the Interrogatories Application where the conspiracy was “unravelled”. The
hospital’s conduct in both tampering with the Consent Form and concealing the
said tampering from Mr Li was plainly exceptional conduct in the circumstances
of the case so as to warrant an award of aggravated damages. There is force in
Mr Martin’s submission that the “exceptional nature” of the amendment of the
Consent Form and the subsequent concealment of the tampering cannot be
marginalised and must have led to a heightened sense of injury and grievance
on the part of Mr Li, which will allow an award of aggravated damages to be
made.[note: 35]

168 The decision of _Appleton v Garrett_ [1996] PIQR P1 (“ _Appleton_ ”)
illustrates the trust and confidence that is reposed in a dental surgeon and
is instructive on the type of conduct that would warrant an award of
aggravated damages. In that case, the rogue dentist deliberately and in bad
faith represented to a series of young patients that their otherwise perfectly
healthy teeth required dental treatment. The rogue dentist so represented with
the view to profiting from those unnecessary treatments. In that case,
aggravated damages were awarded to compensate the plaintiffs for the
defendant’s malicious and unacceptable behaviour and the anger, indignation
and a “heightened sense of injury or grievance” suffered by the plaintiffs
(_Appleton_ at 7). The two points that rendered the conduct of the dental
surgeon all the more exceptional was (a) the vulnerability of the plaintiffs,
and (b) the conduct of the dental surgeon given the trust reposed in him by
virtue of his position as the treating dental surgeon. It can be easily seen
that as between the parties, the patients were clearly vulnerable as the
knowledge of their dental condition rested solely within the dominion of the
rogue dentist. All in all, the conduct of the defendant, who was in a
fiduciary position vis-à-vis the patients, was clearly “exceptional”.

169 The second feature of this case is the overall conduct of the defence.
This is another circumstance that could attract an award of aggravated
damages. I refer to [67] to [79] above for the conduct of Gleneagles from the
outset up to and including the hearing of the application for leave to
administer Interrogatories against a non-party. As Mr Martin submitted,
Gleneagles and Dr Looi “closed ranks” in the conduct of the legal proceedings
brought by Mr Li. This went on until Dr Looi withdrew his defence and allowed
consent judgment to be entered in Mr Li’s favour. What transpired was more
than the mere symptoms of stress associated with litigation that has to be
endured for the duration of the litigation. I would venture to state that the
conduct of this case exceeded the bounds of acceptable and even robust
litigation strategy. It transpired from the evidence that Gleneagles was
economical with the truth in pleadings and in fact took positions that were
inconsistent with the pleadings and in arguments. It is clear that the
Interrogatories Application was necessitated by Gleneagles’ posturing in the
conduct of the legal proceedings. Plainly, the pattern of conduct of
Gleneagles caused Mr Li to incur investigatory costs (as I have found) and it
would give rise to frustration, anger, indignation or a heightened sense of
grievance.

170 Aggravated damages were considered specifically in the context of conduct
_vis-à-vis_ legal proceedings in the case of _Sutcliffe v Pressdram_ [1991] 1
QB 153 (“ _Sutcliffe v Pressdram_ ”). The court there, _inter alia_ ,
highlighted (at 184E-F) that conduct calculated to “deter the plaintiff from
proceeding” would permit an increase in the level of damages (to warrant an
award of aggravated damages). Although _Sutcliffe v Pressdram_ was a
defamation case, the principle in that case is capable of general applicable
to all torts where aggravated damages may be awarded.

171 A related complaint is that Gleneagles’ cross-examination of Mr Li was
aggravating insofar as Gleneagles repeatedly insisted that Mr Li knew that
Nurse Chew altered the Consent Form and his depression was only caused by Dr
Looi’s operation and not Gleneagles’ cover-up of the addition of the second
procedure to the Consent Form post-surgery.[note: 36] Analysing the
transcripts of the hearing before the AR, I find no evidence to support Mr
Martin’s contention that the cross-examination of Mr Li was “relentless”.
Indeed, it is for counsel to decide if he had tested the plaintiff’s case
sufficiently in cross-examination, and the need to repeat questions or pursue
a line of questioning vigorously are incidences of litigation. I did not find
the cross-examination of Mr Li to be contumelious.

172 As I will point out later, where a defendant’s outrageous conduct caused
mental anguish or injures the feelings of the plaintiff, the degree of mental
anguish suffered by the plaintiff is a factor that the court will take into
account in analysing the sufficiency of compensation to the plaintiff in
relation to the injury he has suffered from the defendant’s wrong.

173 The AR made the following observations in relation to the conduct of
Gleneagles (at [22] of his Judgment):

I accept Mr Li’s argument that _Gleneagles’ act of giving him the consent form
without informing him that it had been altered as well as failing to reveal
the truth to him all the way up to the point in time of the entering of the
interlocutory judgment is an exceptional act which justifies the granting of
aggravated damages_. Although Mr Li also relied on Gleneagles’ conduct in the
assessment of damages subsequent to the entering of the consent interlocutory
judgment, there is nothing to this. After Gleneagles admitted liability, I
found that there was nothing aggravating in its conduct in the assessment of
damages proceedings before me. Gleneagles through its representatives simply
maintained that it did not reveal the truth to Mr Li because the matter had
been referred to the legal department which then dictated the actions and the
position the hospital had to take. The cross-examination of Mr Li was also
hardly as relentless as counsel for Mr Li had suggested. A perusal of the
transcript will show this. Therefore, the basis of my granting of aggravated
damages lies on the acts which precede the entering of the interlocutory
judgment. [emphasis added]

I broadly agree with the AR’s reasoning in this regard.

174 Mr Martin highlighted Gleneagles’ persistence in stonewalling Mr Li in the
course of the proceedings when there was really no genuine and tactical need
to do so. First, it refused to respond to Mr Li’s Notice to Admit Facts (under
O27 r 2 of the ROC) which sought an admission that there was an alteration to
the Consent Form and that it was done by Nurse Chew.[note: 37] Second, in its
defence, Gleneagles pleaded that “ _[Mr Li’s] consent to the Tenolysis Right
Wrist and Ulnar Neurolysis and Repair procedures had been obtained in
accordance with the protocols/in-house rules established by [Gleneagles]_
”.[note: 38] This plea was ill-founded since the protocols/in-house rules only
allow for amendments prior to surgery. Third, it strenuously objected to Mr
Li’s applications for Further and Better Particulars in relation to the
Consent Form. Fourth, it vigorously objected to the Interrogatories
Application.[note: 39]

175 I agree that the opposition put up by Gleneagles was consistent with its
stance to stonewall Mr Li and this conduct was exceptional especially in light
of Gleneagles’ subsequent consent to liability pursuant to the 2011 Consent
Judgment (and pleaded case). Let me explain.

176 Apart from knowingly withholding information of the addition of the second
procedure made to the Consent Form post-surgery from Mr Li, Gleneagles’
overall conduct in the proceedings would in the existing state of affairs give
rise to frustration and anger in and distress to Mr Li. And quite so since it
was conduct that seemed to deter Mr Li from gaining complete information on
the tampering of documentary evidence that had taken place. As noted above (at
[170]), in _Sutcliffe v Pressdram_ , it was held (at 184E-F) that conduct
calculated to deter the plaintiff from further proceeding would in the
appropriate case warrant an award of aggravated damages. I am likewise of the
view that Mr Li is entitled to aggravated damages.

177 As noted at [164] above, the court would also have to assess the
intangible loss or mental anguish (which includes reactive depression that
falls short of a recognised psychiatric harm) to the plaintiff arising from
the exceptional conduct of the defendant in deciding whether aggravated
damages should be awarded.

178 The parties here submitted on whether there was a need to even show any
mental anguish on the part of the plaintiff before aggravated damages may be
awarded.

179 Mr Martin relied on the decision of _Messenger Newspapers Group Ltd v
National Graphical Association_ [1984] IRLR 397 (“ _Messenger Newspapers_ ”)
to argue that injury to feelings or distress need not be shown for an award of
aggravated damages.[note: 40] In that defamation case, Caufield J reasoned (at
[77]) that an award of aggravated damages can be made (in relation to a
corporate claimant) even when injury to feelings is not possible because the
touchstone for an award of aggravated damages is whether the injury to the
plaintiff has been aggravated by malice or by the manner in which the injury
was inflicted.

180 In response, Mr Lek referred me to the case of _Collin Steward & Anor v
The Financial Times Ltd_ [2005] EWHC 262 (“ _Collin Steward”_),[note: 41]
which was a case on libel. In that case, Gray J suggested (at [34]) that
aggravated damages could not be granted to a corporate claimant as it had no
feelings to injure.

181 Our Court of Appeal in _Basil Anthony Herman v Premier Security Co-
operative Ltd_ [2010] 3 SLR 110 at [65] noted the conflict between the
judicial pronouncements in _Messenger Newspapers_ and _Collin Steward_ but
expressed no further view on the matter. However, the High Court in _Golden
Season Pte Ltd and others v Kairos Singapore Holdings Pte Ltd and another_
[2015] 2 SLR 751 held that aggravated damages should not be awarded to a
corporate claimant. The court opined (at [137]) as follows:

It is hard to see how, on this basis, aggravated damages are applicable to a
corporate entity. Whilst the English High Court in _Messenger Newspapers Group
Ltd v National Graphical Association_ [1984] 1 All ER 293 ("_Messenger
Newspapers_ ") case awarded aggravated damages to a corporate plaintiff, the
court there was more concerned with the need to punish the defendant for his
deliberate wrong doing (see also _Gatley_ 2013 at para 9.20). On this basis,
_Messenger Newspapers_ is really a decision on exemplary damages rather than
aggravated damages. Indeed, the court in _Messenger Newspapers_ made clear
that the award was not in respect of injury to feelings.

182 As I already noted at [149], aggravated damages may not be awarded to a
corporate claimant. But as an element of aggravated damages, Mr Li has to show
mental anguish, distress or injury to feelings. An award of aggravated damages
made without such an element would have the effect, in this case, of blurring
the distinction between aggravated damages and punitive damages. As such, I am
of the view that Mr Li has to establish that he has suffered some kind of
mental anguish, distress or injury to feelings as a result of Gleneagles’
exceptional conduct.

183 I have already alluded to many instances where I was satisfied that Mr Li
had indeed suffered mental anguish. The evidence adduced in the hearing before
the AR is also relevant. And I agree with the AR’s analysis of the evidence
that Mr Li had suffered mental anguish in the form of reactive depression from
the aforementioned conduct of Gleneagles. It is apposite to set out the
pertinent parts of the evidence.

184 I now turn to the evidence of Dr Lim Yun Chun (“Dr Lim”), Mr Li’s expert.
During cross-examination, Dr Lim described the reactive depression suffered by
Mr Li in the following manner:[note: 42]

… [T]he issue of his depression remained the same namely that the botched
surgery and his perception that Gleneagles Hospital was stonewalling him and
not being cooperative generate [_sic_] what he perceived as a major injustice
towards him and he cannot let go [_sic_].

… I was also very clear at that time that the cause of his depression was
related to the surgery and his anger at the hospital for not being cooperative
when he first sought to legitimise his complaint. …

… And to me, it is very clear in his mind … somebody else is to be blamed for
his depression. That’s why I was able to say that there was a reactive
[depression]. He externalise [_sic_] his depression to something else or
someone else.

185 When Dr Lim was further questioned on whether Mr Li’s depression arose
solely from the botched surgery, Dr Lim responded in the following
manner:[note: 43]

I do not agree… when the plaintiff came to see me, he had already gone through
a process which he described as wanting the hospital to come out in the open
regarding the [Consent Form]. It was his description and he felt that …
because the hospital was not able to be forthright with him, that was
contributing, that was perpetuating his suffering. …

186 Dr Tan Chue Tin (“Dr Tan”) gave evidence on behalf of Gleneagles.
Notwithstanding his broader position that Mr Li’s reactive depression may have
stemmed from Dr Looi’s botched surgery, I note the following concession in his
evidence:[note: 44]

… [I]n the early case or suit against Dr Looi, Mr Li had gone through quite a
lot, of … manoeuvres to try to get at the truth. I think that it’s
understandable that living this process, he would feel ‘anxiety, worry, anger,
agitation and despair’. It is understandable. Of which … among this reaction
[_sic_], depression is one of them. … I’m talking about reactive depression.

187 Even on Dr Tan’s evidence, it would be seen that Mr Li’s reactive
depression can be linked to the “manoeuvres” to try to get at the truth. This
“manoeuvres” must surely include the exceptional conduct of Gleneagles
outlined above.

188 Indeed, during cross-examination, Dr Tan also made further concessions
that it was possible for Mr Li to have suffered mental distress and reactive
depression in the following manner:[note: 45]

QYes? To prove aggravated damages, I got to prove two things, I have to prove
[contumelious] conduct, reproachful conduct, yes? Plus mental anguish. Is
there mental anguish?

…

Q… Mental anguish, distress, is it possible to suffer those?

…

AIt’s possible.

QRight. Anxiety?

APossible.

QPossible. Reactive depression?

APossible.

QPossible. Right. Possible.

AYah, they’re possible.

189 Dr Tan also conceded that there was a causal link between Mr Li’s reactive
depression and Gleneagles’ exceptional conduct:[note: 46]

Q… So however hard you try, the hospital is in the mix, the factual matrix
that gave rise to his – let me put it very mildly – reactive depression, at
that level at least. Yes? Agree?

AYah.

190 Indeed, I am satisfied that notwithstanding the differences in the views
expressed by expert witnesses who gave evidence for Mr Li and Gleneagles, it
was common ground that Mr Li suffered from reactive depression. I am also of
the view that a great part of Mr Li’s reactive depression stemmed from the
“stonewalling” and undermining of his claim by Gleneagles pursuant to its
conspiracy with Dr Looi.

191 However, I do not think any aggravating factors were present after
Gleneagles consented to the 2011 Consent Judgment. The conduct that should be
taken into account should only relate to the acts of Gleneagles that were done
in furtherance of undermining Mr Li’s claim against Dr Looi (and itself). This
conduct ceased when the 2011 Consent Judgment was entered as the conspiracy
was admitted to. As such, “litigation stress” thereafter cannot form the basis
for an award of aggravated damages.

192 I now turn to the quantum of aggravated damages and the issue of
proportionality. I have to bear in mind the distress that was caused in the
particular circumstances of this case on account of the aggravating features
identified above. So, the question is how to the fix the amount of aggravated
damages. Ultimately, the overall award has to be proportionate to the general
damages awarded. Our Court of Appeal in _Koh Sin Chong Freddie_ (see [161]
above) has pointed out that courts in Singapore and various other
jurisdictions do not subscribe to any rule that aggravated damages must be a
fixed proportion of general damages. In addition, the appellate court (a)
cautioned that courts should tread cautiously when determining the appropriate
amount of aggravated damages to award; and (b) observed that in cases where
aggravated damages are appropriate, the total figure for both general and
aggravated damages should not exceed fair compensation for the injury suffered
by the plaintiff.

193 Lord Woolf’s general guidelines in _Thompson & Hsu_ (at 516) are intended
where the general damages are modest. His Lordship opined that aggravated
damages should not be as much as twice the general damages even if the general
damages are modest. The guidelines can offer, in a proper case, the necessary
legal restraint as exemplified by the principle of proportionality in the
making of an award of aggravated damages for distress since mental distress
and like emotions can be subjective and can vary from one case to the next. By
this statement, I am not advocating a rule that aggravated damages must be
twice the general damages awarded. Lord Woolf’s guidelines simply give the
courts a “feel” of how much to award. After all, there must be semblance of
proportionality between the quantum of general damages and aggravated damages
awarded. Above all, the court has to be mindful that the total figure for both
general and aggravated damages should not exceed fair compensation.

194 In this case, an amount twice the award of general damages of $21,000
would ensure that the awards of general and aggravated damages are fair and
not disproportionate. Thus, I award a sum of $42,000 as aggravated damages
(being an amount two times the award of general damages). On its own, the
current award of general damages of $21,000 would not be sufficient to
compensate Mr Li for the outrageous conduct of Gleneagles (and the injury he
suffered in that regard).

Whether punitive damages should be awarded against Gleneagles

195 The terms punitive damages and exemplary damages refer to the same thing
and have been used interchangeably. Mr Li claims a sum of $500,000 as punitive
damages and his claim was rejected by the AR.

196 Though once widely available under English law, post-_Rookes v Barnard_ ,
punitive damages could only be awarded if the facts satisfy the “categories
test” and “cause of action test” (collectively “the punitive damages tests”).
Notably, the court has the discretion to refuse an award of punitive damages
even if the tests are satisfied.

197 Before moving on to discuss the tests, the broader question is whether
punitive damages are or should even be part of Singapore law. In this regard,
Prakash J in _Afro-Asia Shipping Company (Pte) Ltd v Da Zhong Investment Pte
Ltd_ [2004] 2 SLR(R) 117 at [134] opined that _Rookes v Barnard_ was good law
in Singapore. A few years later, the Court of Appeal left open the position on
punitive damages in _MFM Restaurants Pte Ltd and another v Fish & Co
Restaurants Pte Ltd and another appeal_ [2011] 1 SLR 150 (“ _MFM Restaurants_
”). In this regard, the Court of Appeal (at [53]) repeated the observations of
the High Court in _CHS CPO GmbH v Vikas Goel_ [2005] 3 SLR(R) 202:

65 … Indeed, the rather limited circumstances under which exemplary damages
will be granted under English (and, presumably, Singapore) law appears to be
in a state of transition, even flux (compare, for example, the House of Lords
decisions of _Rookes v Barnard_ [1964] AC 1129 and _Cassell & Co Ltd v Broome_
[1972] AC 1027 on the one hand with both the House of Lords decision of
_Kuddus v Chief Constable of Leicestershire Constabulary_ [2002] 2 AC 122 and
the New Zealand Privy Council decision of _A v Bottrill_ [2003] 1 AC 449 on
the other; further reference may be made to the English Law Commission's
Report on Aggravated, Exemplary and Restitutionary Damages (Law Com No 247,
1997)).

66 There is the yet further issue as to whether or not exemplary damages could
be awarded for cynical breaches of contract (see generally, for example, the
_Canadian Supreme Court decision of Whiten v Pilot Insurance Company_ (2002)
209 DLR (4th) 257). All these issues raise important questions of great import
but fall outside the purview of the present decision.

198 Mr Martin interpreted the above observations in _MFM Restaurants_ as
suggesting that the position in Singapore law _vis-à-vis_ punitive damages
might be broader than that in _Rookes v Barnard_. That is too narrow a
reading; the natural import of the Court of Appeal’s observations above is to
question whether punitive damages should even be part of Singapore law. As Mr
Lek had not taken a position either way, I will (save for the views expressed
at [203]-[204] below) not express any further views on this issue but will
proceed to analyse Mr Li’s claim for punitive damages in accordance with the
submissions of the parties.

Categories test

199 English law allows punitive damages to be claimed under three narrow
categories of cases:

(a) Where there is oppressive, arbitrary or unconstitutional action by
servants of the government (“First Category”);

(b) Where there is wrongful conduct which has been calculated by the defendant
to make a profit for himself which may exceed the compensation payable to the
plaintiff (“Second Category”); and

(c) Where punitive awards are expressly authorised by statute (“Third
Category”).

(together, “the _Rookes v Barnard_ Categories”)

200 Mr Martin submits that the first two categories of the test should be
expanded in light of the decision of _Kuddus v Chief Constable of
Leicestershire Constabulary_ [2002] 2 AC 122 (“ _Kuddus_ ”). In that case, the
issue before the House of Lords was whether the plaintiff’s claim for punitive
damages should be struck out on the ground that punitive damages are not
recoverable for the tort of misfeasance. Lord Nicholls suggested (at [66])
that the First Category should be extended to include acts of national and
international companies and individuals who can exercise enormous power. Lord
Nicholls also suggested (at [67]) that the Second Category should be extended
to include malicious motives of the defendant and not simply motives
calculated to profit the defendant.

201 The AR below rejected Mr Li’s submissions that his claim fell within the
first two categories of the test. Mr Li’s arguments that the first two
categories of the test should be expanded in light of _Kuddus_ were equally
rejected. In doing so, the AR reasoned that there was need for legal restraint
in the realm of punitive damages given the rule of law implications in
expanding the categories of _Rookes v Barnard_.

202 By way of comment, the issue of expansion is a non-starter. The position
in _Kuddus_ has not changed the scope of the _Rookes v Barnard_ Categories in
English law. First, the court in _Kuddus_ did not have to award punitive
damages as it was dealing solely with a striking out action. Second, Lord
Nicholls’ observations were clearly tentative – he stated (at [66]) that he
“[was] not sure” if the narrow construction of the First Category should be
maintained. Thirdly, none of the other law lords shared Lord Nicholls’ view
and in fact, Lord Scott took a diametrically opposite view (at [109]-[111]) by
calling for punitive damages to be completely abolished in the context of
civil proceedings.

203 On a side-note, however, there is attractiveness in Lord Scott’s arguments
that punitive damages should be completely abolished in civil proceedings.
First, developments in the law of restitution would arguably address many
issues that a court might be minded to consider under punitive damages.
Second, the doctrine of punitive damages engages difficult jurisprudential
questions such as whether the punishment requires a state-individual
relationship rather than being for one individual to demand against the other.

204 Be that as it may, in the absence of an appellate court’s pronouncement to
the contrary, _Rookes v Barnard_ might tentatively represent the position of
Singapore law and I reject the expansion of _Rookes v Barnard_ in other
Commonwealth authorities (_Uren v John Fairfax & Sons Pty Ltd_ [1966] 117 CLR
118; _Taylor v Beere_ [1982] 1 NZLR 81; and _Whiten v Pilot Insurance_ [2002]
1 SCR 595) that were relied on by Mr Li.

205 Upon examination of the First Category, I find that Mr Li’s claim in this
connection to be a complete non-starter as Gleneagles does not fall within the
class of persons contemplated under this category.

206 Mr Li argued that his claim falls within the Second Category. That
argument required him to show that there was wrongful conduct which had been
calculated by Gleneagles to make a profit for itself and that it exceeded the
compensation payable to Mr Li. Mr Li suggested that Gleneagles’ tampering of
the Consent Form and “stonewalling” were calculated to pressurise Mr Li to
buckle and discontinue the suit or reach an unfavourable out of court
settlement.[note: 47] At the same time it was calculated in the sense of
maintaining its profitable relationship as a hospital with Dr Looi.[note: 48]

207 As noted in _Cassell & Co Ltd v Broome_ [1972] AC 1027 (“ _Cassell v
Broome_ ”) (at 1079C-E) the Second Category requires a plaintiff to show that
the defendant proceeded with his conduct knowing or with reckless disregard to
the fact that it was wrong because the material advantages of going ahead
outweighed the prospects of material losses. On the face of it, it is arguable
that Mr Li has satisfied the Second Category by virtue of the 2011 Consent
Judgment (see my observations on the upshot of the 2011 Consent Judgment at
[24] to [34] above). It is possible, in theory, to then argue that Gleneagles
did so to gain a material advantage _viz_ , ensure that it also did not have
to satisfy a claim brought by Mr Li or maintain its reputation. In this
regard, I do not share the AR’s views that there would be a need to extend the
Second Category for Mr Li to make out a case that he fell within this
category. Be that as it may, the so-called gain to Gleneagles must still be
supported by evidence but no evidence was adduced by Mr Li.

Cause of action test

208 The English Court of Appeal in _AB v South West Water Services Ltd_ [1993]
QB 507 interpreted _Rookes v Barnard_ and _Cassell v Broome_ as adding a
second restriction to the award of punitive damages. The court there held (at
530) that punitive damages could only be awarded if they were awarded for a
particular wrong prior to _Rookes v Barnard_ (“cause of action test”). This
cause of action test was, however, rejected by the House of Lords in _Kuddus_
(at [21]). In doing so, the House of Lords (at [22]) endorsed the view in
_Winfield and Jolowicz on Tort_ (Sweet & Maxwell, 15th Ed, 1998) (at p 746)
that the cause of action test “commits the law to an irrational position in
which the result depends not on principle but upon the accidents of
litigation.” Their Lordships were satisfied that punitive damages could be
awarded for any tort provided the facts fell within one of the _Rookes v
Barnard_ Categories. In that case, the evidence justified the exercise of
discretion to make an award for punitive damages.

209 The applicability of the cause of action test in Singapore law was not
argued by the parties before me, and the parties proceeded on the basis that
punitive damages could be awarded for the tort of conspiracy by unlawful
means.

The exercise of the court’s discretion

210 Even after it has been shown by a plaintiff that his case satisfies one of
the _Rookes v Barnard_ Categories, the court retains the discretion to refuse
an award of exemplary damages. Indeed, as noted by Lord Hailsham in _Cassell v
Broome_ (at 1060B), an award of punitive damages, if permissible, must always
be discretionary.

211 The English cases have identified a number of factors that are relevant to
the exercise of the court’s discretion. Having analysed the English
authorities, the English Law Commission suggested that the following factors
would be relevant (see Law Commission’s Report at p 63):

(a) the ‘if, but only if’ test;

(b) whether the plaintiff was the ‘victim of the punishable behaviour’;

(c) whether the defendant had already been punished by a criminal or other
sanction;

(d) the existence of multiple plaintiffs;

(e) the plaintiff’s conduct; and

(f) the defendant’s good faith.

212 Though I have held that Mr Li has not satisfied any of the _Rookes v
Barnard_ Categories, I will nevertheless go on to state the reasons why I
would not have exercised my discretion to award Mr Li punitive damages even if
he had done so. I will only analyse factors (a) and (c), which I consider to
be most appropriate in the present case.

The “if, but only if” test

213 In _Rookes v_ Barnard, Lord Devlin stated (at 1128) that punitive damages
should only be awarded _if, but only if_ , the sum awarded as compensation
(both general and aggravated damages) is inadequate to punish the defendant
for his outrageous conduct, to mark the disapproval of the court (or jury) of
such conduct and to deter the defendant from repeating the conduct (“the “if,
but only if” test”). The “if, but only if” test therefore recognises that an
award of punitive damages is conditional on general and aggravated damages
being inadequate to achieve the ends of punishment, deterrence and
disapproval. Further, as noted by the English Law Commission, the “if, but
only if” test also “recognises that even awards of compensatory damages may
have an incidental punitive effect; and the need for an award of exemplary
damages is correspondingly reduced where this is so” (see Law Commission’s
Report at 64). Furthermore, punitive damages are awarded only if the
defendant’s conduct affronts the court.

214 I am of the view that this is not a proper case to award punitive damages.
First, the court has to give regard to Dr Looi’s payment of $160,000 plus
$102,000 in settlement. At the end of the day, it was Dr Looi who caused the
underlying loss complained of in the conspiracy. It is difficult to see how Mr
Li can receive a higher amount from Gleneagles.

Previous sanctions

215 I note that Mr Li lodged an official complaint with the Ministry of Health
in relation to Gleneagles’ alteration of the Consent Form. I am also cognisant
of the fact that the Ministry of Health responded to Mr Li through his
solicitors on 11 May 2012 to inform him that Gleneagles had been administered
a stern warning from the Ministry of Health.[note: 49]

216 The Parliamentary debates in relation to the Private Hospitals and Medical
Clinics (Amendment) Bill indicates that the Act was passed in 1980 to bring
private hospitals and medical clinics within the control of the Ministry of
Health (see _Singapore Parliamentary Debates_ , Official Report (15 April
1999) vol 70 at cols 1228–1236 (Dr Aline K. Wong, Senior Minister for State
for Health)). As such, it is absolutely clear that the Act envisages that the
Ministry of Health is the gatekeeper insofar as compliance with the Act is
concerned. Put another way, Parliament’s intention was to allocate the tasks
of ensuring compliance and meting out sanctions for offences committed under
the Act and subsidiary regulations enacted pursuant to the Act to the Ministry
of Health.

217 In _KD v Chief Constable of Hampshire_ [2005] EWHC 2550, the court there
refused to award punitive damages where there had been previous disciplinary
proceedings in relation to the conduct complained of. Tugendhat J there noted
[at 193] as follows:

I have considered whether there should be an award of exemplary damages in
this case. I have decided that there should not. The conduct in question was
undoubtedly oppressive and arbitrary conduct on the part of a police officer.
But there have already been disciplinary proceedings in respect of part of the
conduct complained of, and Mr Hull has been punished in those proceedings. …

218 Likewise, the Ministry of Health had deemed it fit to give Gleneagles a
stern warning for breach of the relevant regulation. I note that this was not
a case where the Senior Management of Gleneagles was involved in the alleged
conspiracy. Gleneagles was liable vicariously for (as Mr Martin acknowledged)
an error of judgment on the part of Nurse Chew.[note: 50]

219 Unlike compensatory damages, a court is not bound by the terms of the
parties’ consent in assessing punitive damages, and the court can (and should)
draw its own inferences from the facts in deciding if punitive damages should
be awarded. This is because an award of punitive damages is to mark the
dissatisfaction of the court. On that basis, though I recognised that
Gleneagles had in effect consented to the point that the Consent Form was
amended with the intention to injure Mr Li, and I took that into account in my
award of aggravated damages, I am not inclined to act solely on Gleneagles’
consent to the tort of conspiracy pursuant to the 2011 Consent Judgment to
exercise my discretion to award Mr Li punitive damages.

AR’s costs order was based on High Court scale

220 The AR awarded Mr Li $250,000 in damages and costs on the High Court scale
(“the AR’s Costs Order”). Gleneagles has appealed against the AR’s Costs
Order.

221 The general rule on scale of costs is set out in s 39 of the State Courts
Act (Cap 321, Rev Ed 2007) (“the SCA”) in the following manner:

**Costs of certain actions commenced in High Court which could have been
commenced in a State Court**

39.—(1) Where an action is commenced in the High Court which could have been
commenced in a State Court, then, subject to subsections (3) and (4), the
plaintiff —

(a) if he recovers a sum not exceeding the District Court limit, shall not be
entitled to any more costs of the action than those to which he would have
been entitled if the action had been brought in a District Court; and

…

222 The “District Court limit” referred to in s 39(1) is defined in s 2 of the
SCA to be “$250,000 or such other amount as may be specified by an order under
section 30 [of the SCA]”.

223 However, s 39(1) of the SCA is subject to the following provisions which
give the High Court the power to award costs on the High Court scale of costs
even when damages awarded are within the District Court limit:

39.—(4) In any action, the High Court, if satisfied —

(a) that there was _sufficient reason_ for bringing the action in the High
Court; or

(b) that the defendant or one of the defendants objected to the transfer of
the action to a State Court, may make an order allowing the costs or any part
of the costs thereof on the High Court scale or on the State Courts scale as
it may direct.

224 This statutory position is also reflected in the ROC in the following
manner:

**Basis of taxation (O. 59, r. 27)**

…

(5) Notwithstanding paragraphs (1) to (4), if any action is brought in the
High Court, which would have been within the jurisdiction of a State Court,
the plaintiff shall not be entitled to any more costs than he would have been
entitled to if the proceedings had been brought in a State Court, _unless in
any such action a Judge certifies that there was sufficient reason for
bringing the action in the High Court_. [emphasis added]

225 I note that the AR did not state his reasons for awarding costs on the
High Court scale. If the AR went on the basis of the award of $250,000, he was
mistaken because to attract High Court costs, the damages awarded must exceed
the figure of $250,000.

226 Be that as it may, I am satisfied that the AR’s Cost Order should stand as
there was sufficient reason for bringing the action in the High Court. Let me
explain.

227 The definition of the term “sufficient reason” in s 39(4) was analysed by
VK Rajah JC (as he then was) in _Cheong Ghim Fah and another v Murugian s/o
Rangasamy_ [2004] 3 SLR(R) 193. The court there opined (at [10]:

The legislative directive in s 39 of the SCA is patently intended to ensure
that the statutory division of the caseload between the two courts is
religiously observed by litigants and their solicitors. A party that breaches
this statutory mandate by incorrectly commencing proceedings in the High Court
should not be entitled to recover costs that have been unreasonably incurred;
hence it should only be permitted to recover the subordinate courts scale of
costs unless there is sufficient reason justifying the initial election.
Without attempting an exhaustive definition of the term "sufficient reason",
in the context of s 39 of the SCA, it can be said to embrace matters that are
out of the ordinary. All said and done, this term is an etymological chameleon
that has no fixed or settled meaning; satisfying this requirement is coloured
and evaluated entirely by its statutory context and the relevant factual
matrix. The term has overlapping but not consistently identical meanings in ss
37, 38 and 39 of the SCA.

228 Indeed, in _Tan Chong & Sons Motor Co (Sdn) Bhd v Alan McKnight_ [1983] 1
MLJ 220, the Malaysian court there had to consider difficult points of law in
relation to warranties and measure of damages. The court there found the
aforementioned to be sufficient reason to award costs on the High Court scale
and opined as follows:

**Costs** :

As to the costs, we agree with counsel for the respondent that these should be
fixed at High Court scales, because we ourselves find that this is not an easy
case to deal with. It involves difficult points of law, especially on the
question of warranty and measure of damages.

229 As noted by our Court of Appeal in _Arul Chandran v Chew Chin Aik Victor_
[2001] 1 SLR(R) 86 at [62], the court would ultimately have to consider the
complexity of the case and “[take] the circumstances of the case into account”
in deciding if costs on the High Court scale should be awarded to the
successful party.

230 The present case has raised number of important points of law especially
in relation to:

(a) the availability of aggravated damages in the tort of conspiracy by
unlawful means; and

(b) the quantification of aggravated damages outside of the defamation
context.

231 Therefore, I am satisfied that that there was sufficient reason for
imposing costs on the High Court scale in respect of the assessment of damages
against Gleneagles even though there is a revision to the award of damages.

Conclusion

232 For the reasons stated above, Gleneagles is to pay Mr Li (a) a sum of
$21,000 as general damages and (b) a sum of $42,000 as aggravated damages.

233 The costs of the assessment below to Mr Li are to be taxed on the High
Court scale.

234 I will hear parties on the cost of the appeal and cross-appeal.

* * *

[note: 1]Notes of Evidence dated 25.9.13, p 75, lines 20-21.

[note: 2]Gleneagles’ Skeletal Rebuttals dated 22.8.14, p 5, para 12, and
Gleneagles’ Supplemental Bundle of Authorities and Court Documents, Tab 2.

[note: 3]Lee Sior Peng’s AEIC, para 25.

[note: 4]Mr Li’s Bundle of AEICs Vol. 1, pp 21-24.

[note: 5]Agreed Bundle Vol 2, p 422.

[note: 6]Agreed Bundle Vol 2, p 425.

[note: 7]Gleneagles’ Skeletal Rebuttals dated 22.8.14, para 35.

[note: 8]Lee Sior Peng’s AEIC, para 25.

[note: 9]Mr Li’s Bundles of AEICs Vol. 1, p 395.

[note: 10]Gleneagles’ Submissions dated 4.3.14, pp 5-6.

[note: 11]Gleneagles’ Submissions dated 4.3.14, pp 5-6.

[note: 12]Gleneagles’ Submissions dated 4.3.14, p 6; Agreed Bundle Vol 1, p
107.

[note: 13]Agreed Bundle Vol 1, p 2.

[note: 14]Gleneagles’ Defence (Amendment No. 4), para 23.a.

[note: 15]Agreed Bundle Vol 1, p 136.

[note: 16]Agreed Bundle Vol 1, p 133.

[note: 17]Notes of Arguments dated 29.8.14, p 22.

[note: 18]Notes of Arguments dated 29.8.14, p 22.

[note: 19]Agreed Bundle Vol 2, p 431.

[note: 20]Agreed Bundle Vol 1, p 133.

[note: 21]Mr Li’s Submissions dated 3.3.14, para 36.

[note: 22]Mr Li’s Submissions dated 3.3 14, para 104.

[note: 23]Gleneagles’ Skeletal Rebuttals dated 24.8.14, para 20.

[note: 24]Gleneagles’ Submissions dated 4.3.14, para 54.

[note: 25]Agreed Bundle Vol 1, p 130.

[note: 26]Mr Li’s Bundles of AEICs Vol. 1, p 306.

[note: 27]Mr Li’s Submissions dated 3.3.14, paras 36 & 42.

[note: 28]Mr Li’s Submissions dated 3.3.14, paras 94-95.

[note: 29]Mr Li’s Submissions dated 3.3.14, para 103.

[note: 30]Gleneagles’ Skeletal Rebuttals dated 22.8.14, p 5, para 12; and
Gleneagles’ Supplemental Bundle of Authorities and Court Documents, Tab 2.

[note: 31]Mr Li’s Submissions dated 3.3.14, para 36.

[note: 32]AR’s Judgment at [22], [25].

[note: 33]Notes of Arguments dated 29.10.14, p 25.

[note: 34]Mr Li’s Written Submissions dated 3.3.14, para 147.

[note: 35]Mr Li’s Written Submissions dated 3.3.14, para 148.

[note: 36]Mr Li’s Written Submissions dated 3.3.14, para 107(b).

[note: 37]Agreed Bundle Vol.2, p 431.

[note: 38]Gleneagles’ Defence (Amendment No. 4), para 23.a.

[note: 39]Agreed Bundle Vol 1, p 130.

[note: 40]Mr Li’s Response Letter dated 16.1.2015, para 5.

[note: 41]Gleneagles’ Response Letter dated 16.1.2015, para 10.

[note: 42]Notes of Evidence dated 30.9.13, p 12, lines 26-32; p 17, lines
26-31; and p 21, lines 16-19.

[note: 43]Notes of Evidence dated 30.9.13, p 26, lines 1-6.

[note: 44]Notes of Evidence dated 30.9.13, p 56, lines 14-19.

[note: 45]Notes of Evidence dated 30.9.13, pp 85-86.

[note: 46]Notes of Evidence dated 30.9.13, p91, lines 6 -9.

[note: 47]Mr Li’s Written Submissions dated 3.3.14, para 310.

[note: 48]Mr Li’s Written Submissions dated 3.3.14, para 315.

[note: 49]Agreed Bundle Vol 2, p 430.

[note: 50]Mr Li’s Submissions dated 3.3.14, para 20.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 29 May 2015 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

