Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Aik Heng Contracts and Services Pte Ltd _v_ Deshin Engineering &
Construction Pte Ltd  
[2015] SGHC 293

Case Number| :| Originating Summons No 432 of 2015 (Registrar's Appeal No 195
of 2015)  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 09 November 2015  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Lee Seiu Kin J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Ashok Kumar Rai (Chan Neo LLP) for the applicant; Tan Joo
Seng (Chong Chia & Lim LLC) for the respondent.  
Parties| :|  Aik Heng Contracts and Services Pte Ltd — Deshin Engineering &
Construction Pte Ltd  
  
9 November 2015|  
---|---  
  
Lee Seiu Kin J:

Introduction

1 This is one of the many applications that come before the court seeking to
set aside an adjudication determination made under the Building and
Construction Industry Security of Payment Act (Cap 30B, 2006 Rev Ed) (“the
Act”) for the adjudicator’s purported breach of natural justice. This case
nonetheless involves a somewhat novel application of well-established
principles of judicial review in the sphere of adjudication determinations –
to what extent can the refusal of an adjudicator to hear a respondent on
matters which should have been addressed in a payment response (but were not)
constitute a breach of natural justice?

Background

2 The respondent was the main contractor for a project titled “Proposed
Erection of Condominium Development Comprising a Block of 5 Storey Residential
Building with Attics (Total: 131 Units), Basement Carparks & Recreational
Facilities on Lots 01732V 704778X MK 03 at West Coast Road (Clementi Planning
Area)” (“the Project”). By a letter of award dated 12 February 2014 (“the
Letter of Award”), the respondent appointed the applicant as a subcontractor
for the “installation of aluminium, steel & glazing works” relating to the
Project. The Letter of Award was signed and accepted by the applicant on 10
October 2014.

3 On 11 March 2015, the applicant served on the respondent a payment claim for
the amount of $85,974.19, being the value of work done for which it had yet to
be paid. However, no payment response was filed by the respondent, which was
not legally represented at that stage. As a consequence, the applicant lodged
Adjudication Application No 124 of 2015 on 1 April 2015. The adjudicator
determined in favour of the applicant, stating at para 37 of the adjudication
determination (“the Determination”):

Based on the evidence before me, I find no reason to reject the Claimant’s
Adjudication Application and Payment Claim for the purpose of the Act. _In the
absence of a payment response, I am bound not to consider any of the matters
raised in the Adjudication Response [filed by the respondent] pursuant to s
15(3)(a) of the Act._ [emphasis added]

4 The applicant then applied for leave to enforce the Determination pursuant
to s 27 of the Act and O 95 r 2 of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2014 Rev
Ed), which was granted by way of an order of court dated 14 May 2015 (“the
Order”). In response, the respondent filed summons no 2720 of 2015 (“SUM
2720/2015”), seeking an order to set aside the Determination and in the
alternative, that the enforcement of the Order be stayed pending the outcome
of a concurrent claim by the respondent against the applicant in the District
Court. The respondent’s application in SUM 2720/2015 was dismissed by the
assistant registrar (“the AR”), and it appealed against his decision on the
following grounds:

(a) The AR had erred by not finding that the notice of intention (“NOI”) was
invalid and irregular, which would have meant that the adjudicator had no
jurisdiction to adjudicate the claim.

(b) The AR had erred by not finding that the adjudicator had breached the
principles of natural justice.

5 The respondent also applied before me, as it had done in SUM 2720/2015, for
the enforcement of the Order to be stayed pending the resolution of its claim
against the applicant in the State Courts. I dismissed the appeal and the
respondent’s application to stay the enforcement of the Order. These are the
grounds of my decision.

The validity of the NOI

6 The respondent submitted that the adjudicator had no jurisdiction to
adjudicate the dispute as there had been no valid service of an NOI, as
required under s 13(2) of the Act. Section 13(2) states:

An adjudication application shall not be made unless the claimant has, _by
notice in writing containing the prescribed particulars_ , notified the
respondent of his intention to apply for adjudication of the payment claim
dispute. [emphasis added]

7 The “prescribed particulars” are set out at reg 7(1) of the Building and
Construction Industry Security of Payment Regulations 2005 (Cap 30B, Reg 1,
2006 Rev Ed) (“the Regulations”), which is as follows:

7.—(1) Every notice of intention to apply for adjudication shall contain the
following particulars:

(_a_) _the names and service addresses of the claimant and the respondent_ ;

(_b_) the date of the notice;

(_c_) the particulars of the relevant contract, comprising —

(i) the project title or reference, or a brief description of the project;

(ii) the contract number or a brief description of the contract; and

(iii) _the date the contract was made_ ;

(_d_) the claimed amount;

(_e_) the response amount (if any); and

(_f_) a brief description of the payment claim dispute.

[emphasis added]

8 The respondent argued that the NOI served by the applicant on it did not
comply with regs 7(1)(_a_) and 7(1)(_c_)(iii), and there had therefore been no
valid notification under s 13(2) of the Act. This, it argued, was because the
NOI did not set out the date on which the subcontract was made or the service
address of the respondent. The respondent, rightfully in my opinion, did not
pursue the latter point in its written submissions beyond a passing mention,
nor did it actively argue the point during oral submissions. As the applicant
had pointed out, the address of the respondent was clearly set out above the
subject heading in the NOI. There is nothing in the Regulations that requires
that an address for correspondence must be explicitly stated to be a “service
address”.

9 As for the purported failure to set out the date on which the subcontract
was made, the applicant disputed that there had been any breach of reg
7(1)(_a_). It emphasised that that while the NOI did not state the date the
contract was made, that date being the date on which the Letter of Award was
accepted, the NOI did state the date of the Letter of Award. In any case, it
submitted that regs 7(1)(_a_) and 7(1)(_c_)(iii) are not “so important that
_it is the legislative purpose that an act done in breach of the provision
should be invalid_ ” (emphasis in original): see _Lee Wee Lick Terence (alias
Li Weili Terence) v Chua Say Eng (formerly trading as Weng Fatt Construction
Engineering) and another appeal_ [2013] 1 SLR 401 (“ _Chua Say Eng_ ”) at
[67].

10 The respondent did not dispute that _Chua Say Eng_ applied, merely
contending that regs 7(1)(_a_) and 7(1)(_c_)(iii) were sufficiently important
to warrant the setting aside of an adjudication determination whenever they
were breached. It pointed to four reasons in support of its submission:

(a) Regulation 7(1) of the Regulations is prefaced with the word “shall”,
suggesting that the legislative intention must have been that all the
requirements prescribed therein are essential requirements.

(b) The NOI is expressed in the Act to be a pre-requisite to an applicant’s
entitlement to submit an adjudication application.

(c) It had been determined in previous adjudication proceedings that a failure
to comply with reg 7(1) will render an NOI invalid.

(d) The “date of the contract” is one of the prescribed particulars that must
be included in an adjudication application, further underlining the importance
with which it was viewed by the legislature.

11 In this regard, the applicant submitted that even if reg 7(1)(_a_) had been
breached, no prejudice was caused to the respondent and it could not have been
the legislative purpose to invalidate the NOI on this basis. It directed my
attention to the decision of _Australian Timber Products Pte Ltd v A Pacific
Construction & Development Pte Ltd_ [2013] 2 SLR 776 (“ _Australian Timber_
”), in which Woo Bih Li J held that a payment claim found wanting in detail
with respect to regs 5(2)(_c_)(iii) and 5(2)(_c_)(iv) of the Regulations was
nonetheless valid. He stated at [78] and [80]:

78 Progress Claim No 9 was found wanting in detail with respect to regs
5(2)(_c_)(iii)–5(2)(_c_)(iv) of the [Regulations]. But this claim did fulfil
the requirements in s 10(3)(_a_) of the Act and regs 5(2)(_a_), 5(2)(_b_) and
5(2)(_c_)(i)–5(2)(_c_)(ii) of the [Regulations]. Ordinarily, a respondent
receiving a payment claim with some, but not all, of the details required
under reg 5(2)(_c_) of the [Regulations] will have enough information at his
disposal to decide on his next course of action. In this case, APCD could have
issued a payment response denying that the Variation Works were done and/or
stating that there was insufficient information relating to the Variation
Works. _Put in another way, the lack of detail here did not in itself
prejudice APCD in that it did not preclude a response from APCD._ It was under
these circumstances that I did not think that it was the legislative purpose
to invalidate Progress Claim No 9 for failing to comply with regs
5(2)(_c_)(iii)–5(2)(_c_)(iv) of the [Regulations].

…

80 _To hold Progress Claim No 9 invalid for breaching regs 5(2)(_ c
_)(iii)–5(2)(_ c _)(iv) of the [Regulations] would not appear to be consonant
with the ideals and purpose of the Act. It would be all too easy to invalidate
a payment claim for a lack of detail._ In my view, the requirement to provide
details in a payment claim is to facilitate the implementation of the
adjudication scheme in the Act, but not to trip up claimants. It seems to me
that the requirements to state the quantity of each item claimed and the
calculations showing how the claimed amount is derived are only a guide for
the claimant, since there are conceivably other important details to be
submitted in a payment claim which are not expressly stated in reg 5(2)(_c_)
of the [Regulations]. One example would be the location of the work done. It
is pertinent to note here that reg 5(2)(_c_) of the [Regulations] states that
details “including” … the ones stipulated therein should be set out in a
payment claim. The details to be provided are therefore in no way exhaustively
set out in reg 5(2)(_c_) of the [Regulations]. In view of this, it would seem
incongruous that an omission to state, say, the quantity of the items claimed
is fatal to the validity of a payment claim, whereas an omission to state the
location where the work was done would not be fatal. It might be argued in
response that the details expressly stipulated in reg 5(2)(_c_) of the
[Regulations] have been legislatively determined to be more important and
therefore warrant a difference in treatment. While I agree that the four limbs
of that provision may arguably be said to have set out the more important
details, I was not convinced, having regard to the important fact that the
Legislature made the list set out in that provision only an inclusive list,
that a failure to state the details in regs 5(2)(_c_)(iii)–5(2)(_c_)(iv) of
the [Regulations] would invalidate a payment claim. …

[original emphasis omitted; emphasis added in italics]

12 I considered _Australian Timber_ in _Progressive Builders Pte Ltd v Long
Rise Pte Ltd_ [2015] 5 SLR 689 (“ _Progressive Builders_ ”), in which I held
at [58] that a payment claim would only be invalidated for failure to comply
with s 10(3)(_a_) of the Act where that failure impeded the adjudication
process. While _Australian Timber_ and _Progressive Builders_ related to the
validity of a payment claim and not a notice of intention under s 13(2) of the
Act, in my view, that reasoning was equally applicable. It is one thing to
suggest that a failure to notify a respondent under s 13(2) of the Act
deprives an adjudicator of any jurisdiction to adjudicate the matter; it is
another thing altogether to say that any deficiency whatsoever in that notice
would render it invalid. There is no doubt that the service of a notice of
intention under s 13(2) of the Act is a jurisdictional requirement. What
founds the jurisdictional nature of the requirement under s 13(2), in the
sense that the condition is essential to the existence of an adjudicator’s
determination, is that a respondent must know of the case he has to meet and
be allowed to prepare his response. As pointed out in Chow Kok Fong, _Security
of Payments and Construction Adjudication_ (LexisNexis, 2nd Ed, 2013) at para
8.16:

The notice is clearly intended to alert the respondent that the adjudication
application has been made to the authorised nominating body in order to enable
the respondent to commence the preparation of his case. It is important that
this requirement is scrupulously complied with, given the demanding timeline
of the ensuing adjudication. …

13 Analogous to what Woo J had held in respect of reg 5(2)(_c_) of the
Regulations and what I had held in respect of s 10(3)(_a_) of the Act, I was
of the view that the breach of reg 7(1)(_a_) _in the present case_ (_ie_ ,
stating the date of the Letter of Award and not the date of the acceptance)
was a technical breach which was insufficient to invalidate the notification.
The formal requirements in reg 7(1) were clearly intended to ensure that a
respondent has sufficient notice under s 13(2) of the Act. As I had stated in
_Progressive Builders_ at [58], the Act, characterised by speed and
informality, should not be countenanced by an excessively technical approach.

14 In the present case, counsel for the respondent conceded that the
respondent was able to identify the subcontract in dispute, despite the fact
that the date of the Letter of Award (and not the date the subcontract was
made) was stated in the NOI. There was no doubt that it had, by way of the
NOI, been notified of the applicant’s intention to apply for adjudication of
the payment claim dispute, and that it was able to prepare its substantive
response accordingly. This reinforced my finding that breaches of this nature
do not render a notice of intention invalid. I therefore rejected the
respondent’s submission on this ground.

The alleged breaches of natural justice

15 The respondent alleged two instances where natural justice was breached.
First, it argued that the adjudicator had failed to properly adjudicate the
claim by blindly endorsing the applicant’s variation claims despite the
absence of evidence of instructions from itself, and despite obvious errors in
the supporting documents. These supporting documents referred to were copies
of “timecards” signed by the respondent’s representatives, the validity and
authenticity of which were disputed by the respondent. Second, it submitted
that it had not been given “the opportunity to raise its contentions” as the
adjudicator had declined to hear from it during the adjudication conference.

The adjudicator’s alleged blind endorsement of the applicant’s claims

16 I first deal with the respondent’s allegation that the adjudicator had “not
made a fair and genuine consideration of the evidence presented by [the
applicant]”. The respondent highlighted some major problems with some of the
“timecards” which it said were apparent on the face of it but did not appear
to have been considered:

(a) The “timecards” did not reflect the number of hours worked at the site by
each worker, but merely contained a description of the variation works carried
out and the total number of man-hours required to carry out the work.

(b) The dates on the “timecards” were either inconsistent or erroneous. For
example, some of the dates stated on these “timecards” were either after the
date on which the applicant claimed to have completed the work contracted for,
or before the date of the subcontract in dispute.

17 The respondent’s submission in this regard appeared to have been premised
on a breach of s 16(3)(_a_) of the Act and not a breach of natural justice
under s 16(3)(_c_). There is no difference as far as the consequences are
concerned; a breach of s 16(3), be it s 16(3)(_a_) or s 16(3)(_c_), is
sufficient basis for the setting aside of an adjudication determination: see
_SEF Construction Pte Ltd v Skoy Connected Pte Ltd_ [2010] 1 SLR 733 (“ _SEF
Construction_ ”) at [45]. Section 16(3) of the Act reads:

An adjudicator shall —

(_a_) act independently, impartially and in a timely manner;

(_b_) avoid incurring unnecessary expense; and

(_c_) comply with the principles of natural justice.

18 The respondent referred me to _W Y Steel Construction Pte Ltd v Osko Pte
Ltd_ [2013] 3 SLR 380 (“ _W Y Steel_ ”), in which the Court of Appeal held at
[52]–[54]:

52 _In our judgment, an adjudicator is bound to consider the payment claim
before him and cannot make his determination as if the fact that the
respondent has not filed a response obviates the need for him to consider the
material properly before him. The adjudication does not become a mere
formality._ The adjudicator is obliged to adjudicate, and in discharging this
obligation, he must consider the material properly before him and make an
independent and impartial determination in a timely manner: see s 16(3)(_a_).
He has seven days to do so where no payment response and no adjudication
response have been lodged: see s 17(1)(_a_)(i) …

53 … Under s 16(3)(_a_) of the Act, an adjudicator, having regard only to the
matters which he can properly consider and not those which he cannot, must, in
a timely manner, _come to his own independent and impartial view of the
payment claim before him_.

54 In the event, this was not an issue in the case at hand. W Y Steel was not
seeking to rely on errors manifest from the material that was properly before
the Adjudicator. Rather, it was seeking to remedy the irremediable
consequences of its failure to file a payment response. Significantly, the
Adjudication Determination expressly stated (at [23]) that the Adjudicator did
consider “the parties’ submissions and the matters an adjudicator can consider
… pursuant to the provisions of section 17(3) of the [Act]”, and there is
nothing to indicate that he did not in fact do so. Certainly, there was
nothing in the arguments presented before us that went to making good W Y
Steel’s suggestion that the Adjudicator had applied a _blank or unthinking
mind_ to the issues before him. Accordingly, this argument also fails.

[emphasis added]

19 The applicant contended that the respondent had given instructions for the
work done and that the errors in the “timecards” were not patent errors on the
face of the material. In any case, it submitted that this amounted to an
application to review the merits of the Determination which the court had no
power to grant: see _Chua Say Eng_ at [66]. That may have well been the
respondent’s motives, but its submissions did not go so far. As I understood
it, the respondent was inviting the court to infer that the adjudicator had
merely rubber-stamped the applicant’s claim based on the fact that he would
have detected the errors highlighted above and come to a different conclusion
had he considered the material properly.

20 In this regard, I was not persuaded that the purported errors in the
“timecards” came anywhere near to establishing that the adjudicator had
applied “a blank or unthinking mind to the issues before him”. _W Y Steel_ at
[54] appears to suggest that it is only patent errors which are obvious on the
face of the material which _may_ establish the absence of genuine
consideration; as discussed below, I did not think that the errors highlighted
were such errors. Significantly, as was also the case in _W Y Steel_ , it was
expressly stated in the Determination at [35] that the adjudicator had
“reviewed and found that the [applicant had] substantiated all its claims
under different heads with drawings, documents and information available to
[him]”.

The adjudicator’s alleged failure to hear the respondent’s arguments

21 In respect of the respondent not being given “the opportunity to raise its
contentions”, the respondent’s representative stated that he had been informed
by the adjudicator at the adjudication conference that the adjudicator “did
not need to hear from the [respondent] at all … in relation to the merits of
the claim”. This was because no valid payment response had been filed, and the
adjudicator had felt that he could not consider any reason advanced by the
respondent for withholding payment in view of s 15(3) of the Act, which reads:

(3) The respondent shall not include in the adjudication response, and the
adjudicator shall not consider, any reason for withholding any amount,
including but not limited to any cross-claim, counterclaim and set-off, unless
—

(_a_) where the adjudication relates to a construction contract, the reason
was included in the relevant payment response provided by the respondent to
the claimant; or

(_b_) where the adjudication relates to a supply contract, the reason was
provided by the respondent to the claimant on or before the relevant due date.

22 It was not disputed by the respondent that s 15(3) of the Act compels an
adjudicator to reject any submissions made in the course of the proceedings
which serve to rectify a party’s failure to have made a payment response.
Instead, counsel for the respondent appeared to advance two propositions.
First, he said that s 15(3)(_a_) merely precluded an adjudicator from
_considering_ the respondent’s substantive response, and not _hearing_ the
response. Therefore, the respondent should in any case have been allowed to
put forward its case during the adjudication conference, regardless of whether
the adjudicator would be allowed to take the respondent’s arguments into
consideration.

23 To the extent that the respondent was referring to reasons which it could,
and indeed should, have raised in a payment response, I was unable to agree
with this proposition. Although the ordinary literal construction of the
phrase “shall not consider” says nothing as to the respondent’s right to
address the adjudicator, the respondent did not put forward any reason why an
adjudicator would have to hear from a respondent on matters which he was
expressly prohibited from considering. The Court of Appeal did not make this
distinction in _W Y Steel_ , holding at [34]:

In our judgment, Parliament intended that a respondent should ventilate his
reasons for withholding payment within the timelines prescribed by the Act or
suffer the consequences, namely, _losing the opportunity to_** _ventilate
those reasons_** _at all at the adjudication stage_ … [emphasis added in
italics and bold italics]

24 Even if I were wrong and the respondent’s interpretation of s 15(3)(_a_) of
the Act were to be adopted, I did not think that that would have been
sufficient for the setting aside of the Determination. This was because the
adjudicator could not have taken the respondent’s arguments into account for
the purpose of the Determination. That is, there had been no _material_ breach
of natural justice.

25 The requirement for breaches of natural justice in building and
construction adjudication proceedings to be material finds support in
decisions of the courts in the United Kingdom and New South Wales. In _Balfour
Beatty Construction Limited v The Mayor and Burgesses of the London Borough of
Lambeth_ [2002] BLR 288 (“ _Balfour_ ”), which was subsequently endorsed in
_Cantillon Ltd v Urvasco Ltd_ [2008] BLR 250 (TCC), the court stated:

27\. It is now well established that the purpose of adjudication is not to be
thwarted by an overly sensitive concern for procedural niceties. In _Macob
Civil Engineering Limited v Morrison Construction Limited_ [1999] BLR 93 Dyson
J made it clear that a mere procedural error should not invalidate an
Adjudicator’s decision. Adjudication under the HGCRA is necessarily crude in
its resolution of disputes. Errors of fact and law do not vitiate the decision
which has to be complied with, unless of course it was not authorised and thus
made without jurisdiction …

…

29\. Nevertheless, in my judgment, that which is applicable in arbitration is
basically applicable to adjudication but, in determining whether a party has
been treated fairly or in determining whether an Adjudicator has acted
impartially, _it is very necessary to bear in mind that the point or issue
which is to be brought to the attention of the parties must be one which is
either decisive or of considerable potential importance to the outcome and not
peripheral or irrelevant_. It is now clear that the construction industry
regards adjudication not simply as a staging post towards the final resolution
of the dispute in arbitration or litigation but as having in itself
considerable weight and impact that in practice goes beyond the legal
requirement that the decision has for the time being to be observed. Lack of
impartiality or of fairness in adjudication must be considered in that light.
It has become all the more necessary that, within the rough nature of the
process, decisions are still made in a basically fair manner so that the
system itself continues to enjoy the confidence it now has apparently earned.
_The provisional nature of the decision also justifies ignoring non-material
breaches. Such errors, if apparent (as they usually are), will be rectified in
any negotiation and settlement based upon the decision._ The consequence of
material issues and points is that the dispute referred to adjudication will
not have been resolved satisfactorily by any fundamental standard and the
chances of it providing the basis for a settlement are much less and the
chances of it proceeding to arbitration or litigation are much greater. …

[emphasis added]

26 Similarly, it was held by the Supreme Court of New South Wales in the
exercise of its appellate jurisdiction in _Brodyn Pty Ltd (trading as Time
Cost and Quality) v Davenport and another_ (2004) 61 NSWLR 421 (at 442) (“
_Brodyn_ ”), which was endorsed in _SEF Construction_ , that an adjudication
determination would be void if there had been a “ _substantial_ denial of the
measure of natural justice that the Act requires to be given” [emphasis
added]. This was later expanded on in _Watpac Constructions v Austin Corp_
[2010] NSWSC 168 (“ _Watpac_ ”) at [142]–[147]:

142 Any entitlement to natural justice must accommodate the scheme of the Act,
including the extremely compressed timetable provided for the submission of
payment schedules, adjudication applications, and adjudication responses; and
the limited time (subject to the consent of the parties, which they may give
or withhold at their will) for an adjudicator to determine an application. It
must also accommodate the fact that, in many cases, claimants and respondents
will prepare their documents themselves, and will not avail themselves of
legal advice in doing so.

143 In _Musico v Davenport_ [2003] NSWSC 977, I said at [107]

that where an adjudicator is minded to decide a dispute on a basis for which
neither party has contended, then natural justice requires the adjudicator to
notify the parties of that intention, so that they could put submissions on
it.

144 However, as I pointed out in _John Goss_ at 716 [42], “the concept of
materiality is inextricably linked to the measure of natural justice that the
Act requires parties to be given in a particular case.” That meant, I said,
that _the principles of natural justice “could not … require an adjudicator to
give the parties an opportunity to put submissions on matters that were not
germane to his or her decision”_.

145 I see no reason to depart from those views; and neither party submitted
that I should. In particular, I think, my insistence on materiality is
consistent with the reference by Hodgson JA in Brodyn to “substantial denial …
of natural justice.”

146 In this context, Gleeson CJ said in _Re Minister for Immigration and
Multicultural Affairs; ex parte Lam_ (2003) 214 CLR 1 at 13–14 [37] that
fairness is not abstract but practical. His Honour said that “[w]hether one
talks in terms of procedural fairness or natural justice, the concern of the
law is to avoid practical injustice”. To like effect, Kirby J said in
_Minister for Immigration and Ethnic Affairs v Wu Shan Liang_ (1996) 185 CLR
259 at 291 that the court should not undertake the task of “combing through
the words of the decision-maker with a fine appellate tooth-comb [sic],
against the prospect that a verbal slip will be found warranting” the
intervention of the court.

147 I accept, however, that the court should not be too ready to find that a
denial of natural justice was immaterial; that it had no real or practical
effect; or that (in the present context) there was nothing that could have
been put on the point in question. But it remains the case, I think, that _the
denial of natural justice must be material, and that submissions that could
have been put might have had some prospect of changing the adjudicator’s mind
on the point_.

[emphasis added]

27 I agreed with both _Balfour_ and _Watpac_. The provisional nature of
adjudication determinations and the need for a speedy resolution mean that the
consequences of a denial of natural justice must be assessed in that context.
My finding was further reinforced by the decision of the Court of Appeal in
_Management Corporation Strata Title Plan No 301 v Lee Tat Development Pte
Ltd_ [2011] 1 SLR 998, which related not to adjudication proceedings under the
Act but a purported breach of the hearing rule in the context of court
proceedings. The Court of Appeal held at [59]:

As a matter of principle, a breach of the hearing rule _does not_ entail that
the tainted decision _must_ be set aside. Instead, it merely requires that:
(a) the aggrieved party be given, _in appropriate cases_ , the opportunity to
be heard on the issues on which he was not heard; and (b) the court thereafter
considers whether its previous decision was correct and, if it finds that that
decision was not correct, either sets aside or rectifies (depending on what
the circumstances of the case require) that decision …. In other words, where
the hearing rule is breached, the aggrieved party has a _prima facie_ right to
be heard on the matters on which he has not been heard, _but only on those
matters and not on any other matters in respect of which no allegation of
breach of the hearing rule has been made_. Natural justice does not require
that the aggrieved party be over-compensated by being given more than what he
claims he has been denied, _ie_ , a fair hearing on the matters on which he
was not heard. However, **_if a hearing on those matters will not change the
ultimate outcome of the case (ie, if the aggrieved party will still lose the
case even if he is given a hearing on the matters on which he was not heard),
then the hearing would be in vain and an exercise in futility_**. In such a
situation, the court would be entitled to exercise its discretion not to grant
the aggrieved party a hearing on the matters on which he was not heard – as
the Judge did in the court below on the ground that even if the 2008 CA’s
decision were wrong, it should still be _res judicata_ as between the MC and
Lee Tat. [emphasis in original in italics; emphasis added in bold italics]

28 The second proposition, made by counsel for the respondent in his oral
submissions, was that a respondent being prevented from bringing _patent_
errors to an adjudicator’s attention, notwithstanding its failure to have
filed a payment response, is a breach of natural justice. The respondent
sought to rely on _W Y Steel_ at [51], in which the Court of Appeal held:

… In our judgment, under s 17(3) of the Act, even where no response has been
filed, an adjudicator must make a determination, and in doing so, it is
incumbent on him to consider the material which is properly before him and
which he is permitted and, indeed, obliged to consider. _In such
circumstances, there is nothing to stop a respondent who has failed to file
any payment response or adjudication response from raising patent errors on
the face of the material properly before the adjudicator to contend that the
payment claim should not be allowed in part or at all._ We reiterate that such
errors must be plain and evident on the face of the material that is properly
before the adjudicator. [original emphasis omitted; emphasis added in italics]

29 What constitutes a patent or manifest error was considered in _The Oriental
Insurance Co Ltd v Reliance National Asia Re Pte Ltd_ [2009] 2 SLR(R) 385 (“
_Oriental Insurance_ ”) at [90]:

At [33], the court in _Veba Oi_ l … considered what else could constitute
“manifest errors”:

… I would extend the ‘definition’ of manifest errors as follows: ‘oversights
and blunders so obvious _and obviously capable of affecting the determination
as to admit of no difference of opinion’_. [emphasis added; emphasis in
original omitted]

Hence, manifest errors include errors which are “obviously capable of
affecting the outcome of the determination” and “admit of no difference of
opinion”. Usual errors that qualify as manifest errors are mathematical
miscalculations in the determination, _eg_ , 2 + 2 = 5.

30 I was of the opinion that there was greater merit to the second
proposition. Following _W Y Steel_ at [51], a respondent has a right to be
heard on patent errors in the applicant’s claim even where no payment response
was filed, and an adjudicator’s refusal to hear the respondent on this matter
was a material breach of natural justice. There is no dissonance with the
Parliamentary intent underlying s 15(3)(_c_) of the Act; there is no expansion
of issues in contention or the scope for ambush by the respondent. All that
the respondent is allowed to do is comment on the veracity of the evidence
adduced by the applicant _on the face of that material_. Further, unlike other
material that should have been included in the payment response, patent errors
are by definition necessarily capable of affecting the determination. I
nonetheless found against the respondent on two grounds.

31 First, it was not affirmatively stated in any of the affidavits filed in
support of the respondent’s application to set aside the Determination that
the respondent would have pointed out the patent errors had it had the chance.
The only evidence addressing the respondent’s failure to be given a chance to
put forward its case was the affidavit of Mr Tan Soon Gee, the General Manager
of the respondent, dated 26 May 2015. Paragraph 22 of the affidavit read:

**_iii) Respondent Was Not Allowed to Make Oral Representation on Merits_**

22\. I attended the Adjudication Conference on 14 April 2015 on behalf of the
Respondent. At the Adjudication Conference, I was also informed by the learned
Adjudicator that he did not need to hear from the Respondent at all during the
Adjudication Conference in relation to the merits of the claim. The Respondent
is advised and verily [believes] that this is unfair to the Respondent and may
be a possible breach of the rules of natural justice. Even if the Respondent
had failed to submit a valid payment response, it is incumbent on the
Adjudicator to give the Respondent the opportunity to raise its contentions.
Whether or not the Respondent succeeds is another issue altogether.

32 There was therefore nothing to suggest that the respondent wanted to and
would have raised any alleged patent errors had it had the chance. Its
complaint appeared to be that it was prevented from addressing the merits of
its case as a whole, which I have already dismissed above. The onus lay on the
respondent to prove that he was not given an opportunity to be heard on
matters on which he has a right to be heard. While oral evidence could
suffice, the respondent cannot rely on a mere allusion – he must make a
positive assertion that this was the case. Documentary evidence, such as
written submissions which a respondent had tendered to the adjudicator that
the latter had refused to consider, would constitute strong evidence in the
respondent’s favour.

33 Second, I did not think that the errors alleged were patent errors as
defined in _Oriental Insurance_. Counsel for the respondent did not articulate
what these patent errors were. Taking the respondent’s case at the highest, it
seemed to me that of the errors pointed out at [16] above, only the errors in
the dates of the “timecards” could possibly have qualified as patent errors.
Even if I were able to look beyond the face of the award or decision to
establish manifest error (see _Oriental Insurance_ at [89]) and found that
these errors were obvious, I did not think they were “ _obviously capable of
affecting the determination as to admit of no difference of opinion_ ”. It was
perfectly open to the adjudicator to have found, as the applicant contended,
that the “timecards” accurately reflected the work done by the applicant
notwithstanding the errors in the dates stamped, particularly since the
respondent’s employees had signed off on them. Indeed, as I have held above at
[20], that seemed to be precisely what the adjudicator did. I therefore held
that there had been no material breach of natural justice on this ground.

34 The conclusion from the foregoing is that adjudicators do not need to hear
a respondent in an adjudication application on any matter that the respondent
ought to have put in a valid payment response but had failed to do so. Indeed,
in view of s 16(3)(_b_) of the Act which requires an adjudicator to “avoid
incurring unnecessary expense”, an adjudicator should not condescend to hear
the respondent at all on those matters as this would cause unnecessary expense
to be incurred. What the adjudicator must hear a respondent on, apart from
issues raised in a valid payment response, is any submission relating to
patent errors on the documents or calculations or submissions of the claimant.

Stay of Execution

35 Finally, having found that there were no grounds for the setting aside of
the Determination, I was urged by the respondent to order a stay of the
enforcement of the Order pending the final determination of the respondent’s
claim against the applicant in the District Court. The principles governing
the exercise of the court’s discretion to do so are uncontroversial, and are
set out in _W Y Steel_ at [70]:

In our judgment, a stay of enforcement of an adjudication determination may
ordinarily be justified where there is _clear and objective evidence of the
successful claimant’s actual present insolvency_ , or where _the court is
satisfied on a balance of probabilities that if the stay were not granted, the
money paid to the claimant would not ultimately be recovered if the dispute
between the parties were finally resolved in the respondent’s favour_ by a
court or tribunal or some other dispute resolution body. Further, we agree
with HHJ Coulson QC in _Derek Vago_ that a court may properly consider whether
the claimant’s financial distress was, to a significant degree, caused by the
respondent’s failure to pay the adjudicated amount and, also, whether the
claimant was already in a similar state of financial strength or weakness (as
the case may be) at the time the parties entered into their contract.
[emphasis added]

36 The respondent did not adduce evidence of the applicant’s actual present
insolvency, but sought to persuade me on the basis of the second limb. That
is, that the respondent would not be able to recover the money paid to the
applicant if the dispute were finally resolved in its favour. It highlighted
the following in support of its submission:

(a) The applicant’s workers had not received any salary in the three months
prior to February 2015.

(b) The applicant was unable to provide sufficient manpower in fulfilling its
obligations under the subcontract in dispute, which was indicative of the
financial difficulty it was experiencing.

(c) The respondent had been told by the applicant at the time of the
subcontract that it did not have any other jobs then.

(d) The applicant had failed and/or refused to carry out rectification works,
which suggested that it was going to be wound up.

(e) The applicant’s directors and shareholders had incorporated a new company
(“YSR”) on 29 April 2015, and it was suspected that they intended to channel
or had already channelled all new projects and funds to this new company to
allow the applicant to avoid its liabilities under the subcontract.

37 I noted that all the listed evidence was given by way of affidavit without
supporting documents. In contrast, the applicant was able to provide the
following documentary evidence:

(a) Payment vouchers evidencing that the applicant had continued to pay for
its workers’ meals and accommodation and part of their salary during the
period referred to, and that it was now paying its employees their full
salaries.

(b) A letter of award dated 25 May 2015 evidencing that the applicant had
secured a new project with YSR for the sum of $550,708.10 (“the YSR Project”).

38 Ultimately, I agreed with the applicant that an assessment of its financial
standing under the second limb of _W Y Steel_ should be conducted as at the
time of the application. The financial difficulties experienced earlier in the
year, as alleged at [36(a)]–[36(c)] above, were of little relevance to the
applicant’s state of solvency _at the time of the respondent’s application_.
In this regard, the evidence adduced by the applicant, which was not refuted
by the respondent, showed that it was engaged in an ongoing project and was
able to pay its employees in full. The respondent sought to characterise the
YSR Project as further evidence of an intention to strip the applicant of its
assets to avoid liability but there was little, beyond its bare assertion, to
support this allegation. I therefore found that the respondent had failed to
establish, on a balance of probabilities, that it would not be able to recover
the money paid to the claimant if the dispute were finally resolved in its
favour. I thus declined to order a stay of execution of the Order.

Conclusion

39 For the reasons given, I dismissed the respondent’s appeal and its
application for a stay of execution, and ordered the respondent to pay the
applicant costs fixed at $2,000, inclusive of disbursements.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 09 Nov 2015 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

