Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  AQN _v_ AQO  
[2015] SGHC 19

Case Number| :| Divorce Suit No 63 of 2010 (Registrar's Appeals from the State
Courts Nos 48, 49 and 50 of 2014)  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 27 January 2015  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Choo Han Teck J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Edmund Jerome Kronenburg and Christina Teo (Braddell
Brothers LLP) for the appellant in Registrar's Appeals No 48 to 50 of 2014 and
the defendant in Divorce Suit No 63 of 2010; Khoo Boo Teck Randolph and
Johnson Loo (Drew & Napier LLC) for the respondent in Registrar's Appeals No
48 to 50 of 2014 and the plaintiff in Divorce Suit No 63 of 2010.  
Parties| :|  AQN — AQO  
  
27 January 2015|  
---|---  
  
Choo Han Teck J:

1 The husband in these registrar’s appeals and the related divorce suit is a
wealthy businessman and the son of an influential tycoon who ran one of
Malaysia’s biggest state-owned companies. He is a Singapore citizen. The wife,
a homemaker, is an American citizen. Previously, she worked as an
institutional equities broker in New York, United States of America (“USA”).
Their daughter, now 11 years old, was born in March 2003. She now lives in Oak
Brooks, Illinois, USA since June 2012 with her mother after the Singapore High
Court affirmed the District Court’s decision to allow the daughter to relocate
there.

2 The parties married in New York on 12 November 1999. Before marriage, the
parties executed a prenuptial agreement on 29 November 1999 in New York. That
prenuptial agreement states, _inter alia_ , that if the parties divorce,
neither shall receive maintenance from the other or any distribution from the
other party’s property. The prenuptial agreement also provides that it is
governed by New York law. After marrying, the parties left New York and have
not returned ever since. During the marriage, the parties lived mainly in
Malaysia, California and Singapore.

3 On 8 January 2010, the wife filed a writ of divorce in Singapore and sought
ancillary relief. The husband commenced proceedings in New York on 13 May 2010
for an order that the wife be restrained from alleged breaches of the terms of
the prenuptial agreement. The husband says that the wife, by seeking a final
award of maintenance and distribution of property (including those owned by
the husband in New York) in Singapore divorce proceedings, is in breach of the
terms of the prenuptial agreement. The interim judgment for divorce was
granted on 23 August 2011 by the Singapore District Court on the ground of the
husband’s unreasonable behaviour.

4 The wife applied for interrogatories and for discovery for ancillary
hearings. These applications were stood down as the husband applied for the
Singapore hearing on ancillary matters, as well as all discovery and
interrogatories, to be proceeded with only after the final determination of
the New York action. The wife in turn, applied for an anti-suit injunction
restraining the husband from proceeding with the New York action. The husband
also applied for matters relating to the care, custody and control of the
child to be transferred to the Illinois courts. The District Judge denied the
husband’s applications, and granted the wife an interim anti-suit injunction
restraining the husband from continuing with the New York action until the
final judgment for divorce in Singapore is given. The husband appealed the
District Judge’s decision by way of three registrar’s appeals. They are:

(a) RAS 48/2014, the husband’s appeal for ancillary matters in Singapore to be
held in abeyance until the conclusion of the New York action;

(b) RAS 49/2014, the husband’s appeal for interim anti-suit injunction
restraining the husband from continuing with the New York action until the
final judgment for divorce in Singapore is given; and

(c) RAS 50/2014, the husband’s appeal for matters relating to the care,
custody and control of the child to be transferred to the Illinois courts.

I heard the appeals and dismissed them. I now give my reasons.

5 I start with RAS 48/2014. The husband commenced the New York action on 13
May 2010 for an order that the wife be restrained from alleged breaches of the
terms of the prenuptial agreement. He says that the wife, by seeking a final
award of maintenance and distribution of property (including those owned by
the husband in New York) in Singapore divorce proceedings, is in breach of the
terms of the prenuptial agreement. In April 2011, the wife filed a motion to
dismiss the husband’s application in the Supreme Court of New York on the
ground that New York lacked jurisdiction over the matter. The court dismissed
the husband’s application on 16 December 2011, holding that although New York
has jurisdiction, Singapore is the appropriate forum as (1) it hears the
divorce action and (2) is better placed to consider the terms of the
prenuptial agreement.

6 The husband then sought leave in the Supreme Court of New York to reargue
the matter after the wife challenged the validity of the prenuptial agreement
in Singapore on the ground of fraud and/or misrepresentation. The wife alleges
that the husband failed to disclose the full value of his assets and means at
the time of the signing of the prenuptial agreement. Leave was granted, and on
23 May 2012, the Supreme Court of New York reversed its earlier decision. The
court held that the wife’s allegations raise factual issues that are not
easily adjudicated in Singapore as the witnesses and documents relevant to the
creation and validity of the prenuptial agreement are located in New York.

7 The wife filed a motion for leave to reinstate the court’s ruling of 16
December 2011. On 27 February 2013, the Supreme Court of New York dismissed
the wife’s motion. But on 21 May 2013, the court modified and amended its
order _sua sponte_ and granted the wife’s motion to reinstate the court’s
ruling of 16 December 2011 dismissing the action on the ground of _forum non
conveniens_. This decision is without prejudice to any contract claims the
husband may have after the divorce action in Singapore is concluded. The court
found that it was an error to address the issue of the validity of the
prenuptial agreement in New York as the harm caused by the continued delay of
the divorce action in Singapore outweighs any inconvenience arising from the
presence of witnesses and documents in New York. The court observed that a
prenuptial agreement travels with the parties and upon divorce, the court with
jurisdiction over the divorce action will decide any issues concerning the
prenuptial agreement.

8 The husband appealed the order of 21 May 2013 and the wife filed a motion to
dismiss the husband’s appeal. The wife’s motion was denied by the Appellate
Division of the Supreme Court of New York on 21 January 2014. As a result, the
husband’s appeal, at least at the time I heard the registrars’ appeals,
proceeds.

9 The husband’s lawyers have made it clear that the husband is not seeking to
transfer jurisdiction for the ancillary matters to the New York courts, but is
merely asking for the ancillary matters to be determined after the New York
action has been completed as the ancillary matters involve the enforcement and
validity of the prenuptial agreement. In this regard, the husband submits the
following:

(a) First, the Singapore court cannot determine the necessity of the discovery
and interrogatories made for the ancillary hearing without first determining
the validity of the prenuptial agreement. In this regard, the validity of the
prenuptial agreement is already a question before the New York court.

(b) Second, having the Singapore court decide the validity of the prenuptial
agreement will go against the following rules on conflict of laws:

(i) The rule against duplicitous proceedings as there would be hearings in
both New York and Singapore. There is therefore a real possibility of
inconsistent judgments from both New York and Singapore;

(ii) The rule that, where the matter involves a dispute on New York law, it is
better for the New York court to determine the dispute on its own laws (as a
question of law) rather than have the Singapore court determine it as a
question of fact; and

(iii) The rule on _forum non conveniens_. The husband submits that Singapore
is clearly not the appropriate forum to try the wife’s allegations of
fraud/misrepresentation in determining the validity of the prenuptial
agreement for two reasons: (1) the place where the alleged
fraud/misrepresentation is _prima facie_ the natural forum to hear the claim;
and (2) the relevant documents and witnesses are in New York.

(c) Third, having the Singapore court decide the validity of the prenuptial
agreement will prejudice the husband. The husband’s lawyers assert that (1)
the allegations of fraud/misrepresentation “are allowed to remain” in the
divorce action; (2) the wife is allowed to “fish” for evidence through
discovery and the interrogatories to substantiate her allegations; and (3)
even if the Singapore court is of the view that the ancillary matters need to
be expedited so that the parties can move on with their lives, it should not
be done at the husband’s expense; according to the husband’s lawyers, the
husband will lose his “juridical advantages” if the Singapore courts decide on
validity of the prenuptial agreement. Specifically, the husband’s lawyers
contend that Singapore might not give the same effect to an prenuptial
agreement as New York might. New York contracts, including prenuptial
agreements are, according to the husband’s lawyers, accorded a “presumption of
legality” where parties will be held to their bargain, except in
“extraordinary circumstances” such as fraud. This is because New York has a
strong public policy favouring the validity of contacts. Whereas in Singapore,
prenuptial agreements do not enjoy such a “presumption of legality”. Instead,
prenuptial agreements are only subject to the overall scrutiny of the
Singapore courts.

(d) Fourth, the Singapore court is not ahead of the New York court in relation
to the stage of proceedings in determining the wife’s allegation of
fraud/misrepresentation. The interim judgment for divorce and the various
interlocutory applications/appeals in the divorce suit do not relate to the
wife’s allegations. In the result, the Singapore court is no closer than the
New York court in determining the wife’s allegation of fraud and/or
misrepresentation.

I reject the arguments made by the husband’s lawyers.

10 First, the determination of the validity of the prenuptial agreement cannot
precede the discovery and interrogatories. The discovery and interrogatories
will help determine if the husband has under-declared his assets and means.
This in turn helps determine if the prenuptial agreement is tainted by fraud
and/or misrepresentation and whether it is valid.

11 Second, it lies not in the mouth of the husband to rely on the rule against
duplicitous proceedings having commenced the action in New York himself. The
divorce action was commenced in Singapore, and court having heard the divorce
should hear the question of the validity of the prenuptial agreement as part
of the ancillary matters. Held in _AQD v AQE_ [2011] SGHC 92 at [4]:

Whichever jurisdiction was to hear the divorce should also decide the
ancillary matters, namely, the children’s matters, the division of matrimonial
assets, and the maintenance of the former wife and children. That would be the
fairest and most expeditious way of adjudicating the entire action. The
distribution of judicial tasks across jurisdictions makes it less likely for
either court to make just and equitable orders across the entire matter with
confidence because cross-jurisdictional orders may result in conflict with
each other.

The husband, by commencing the New York action, is the one responsible for the
duplicitous proceedings.

12 Third, although there is merit in allowing the New York court pronounce on
its own laws as this saves time and resources (_Rickshaw Investments Ltd and
another v Nicolai Baron von Uexkull_ [2007] 1 SLR(R) 377 at [42] and _John
Reginald Stott Kirkham and others v Trane US Inc and others_ [2009] 4 SLR(R)
428 _(“John Reginald”)_ at [44]), this rule is not immutable and absolute
(_Siemens AG v Holdrich Investment Ltd_ [2010] 3 SLR 1007 at [14]). The
divorce proceedings in Singapore have been delayed for close to three years
and should not be delayed any further. In this day and age, cross cultural
marriages are becoming more prevalent. It is not uncommon to find that
prenuptial agreements will not be governed by the laws of the jurisdiction
hearing the divorce. In any event, the Singapore courts are competent to
determine and apply foreign law. The Singapore courts have done so on several
occasions. _TQ v TR and another appeal_ [2009] 2 SLR(R) 961 (“ _TQ v TR”)_ is
one such example. In _TQ v TR_ , the Singapore Court of Appeal construed the
terms of a Dutch prenuptial agreement and went on to determine the validity of
that agreement in accordance with Dutch law with the assistance of expert
opinions. It is similarly open to the parties in this case to tender expert
opinions on New York law.

13 Fourth, the continued delay of the divorce action in Singapore outweighs
the inconvenience arising from the presence of witnesses and documents in New
York. In any event, the inconvenience may be illusory since the wife’s claim
in fraud/misrepresentation lies in the husband’s alleged failure to make full
disclosure of his assets and wealth in the prenuptial agreement. This is thus
not complex issue as the question is whether the husband has under declared
his assets and wealth in the prenuptial agreement.

14 Last, the husband will not suffer prejudice. Even if his “[w]ife’s
allegations of fraud/misrepresentation are allowed to remain” in the divorce
suit, this does not mean that the court will accept that
fraud/misrepresentation is made out. It also cannot be said that allowing the
Singapore action to proceed will allow the wife to “fish” for evidence through
discovery and interrogatories to substantiate her allegations of
fraud/misrepresentation. The Singapore court retains overall scrutiny of
discovery and interrogatories to prevent such abuse. The claim by the
husband’s lawyers that he will lose his “juridical advantage” because he loses
the “presumption of legality” in the prenuptial agreement is exaggerated. To
begin with, the husband cannot expect that the “presumption of legality” will
apply. The prenuptial agreement states:

…it is understood by the undersigned [wife’s name] and [husband’s name] that
no representation is being made by either of their counsel…as to the legal
effect or enforceability of the [Pre]nuptial Agreement between them dated
September 29, 1999 outside the State of New York.

This statement in the prenuptial agreement shows that it is within the
contemplation of the parties that the prenuptial agreement risks being
rendered invalid if litigated outside of New York.

15 I now deal with RAS 49/2014. This is husband’s appeal in relation to the
interim anti-suit injunction restraining the husband from continuing with the
New York action until the final judgment for divorce in Singapore is given. An
anti-suit injunction is an order of the court compelling the party subject to
the order to refrain from instituting or continuing with proceedings abroad.
It is an order that is made personally against the person subject to the
injunction. The court has no power and does not purport, to give the foreign
court any direct orders. Nevertheless, the anti-suit injunction is recognised
as an extreme measure amounting to an indirect interference with foreign legal
proceedings. In the interests of comity, the court will not grant such an
injunction easily (_Bank of America National Trust and Savings Association v
Djoni Widjaja_ [1994] 2 SLR(R) 898 at [11] approving of _Société Nationale
Industrielle Aeropatiale v Lee Kui Jak and another_ [1987] AC 871 (“ _Société
Nationale_ ”) at 892). In practice, most anti-suit injunctions (such as the
one in the present case) are sought and granted on an interim rather than on a
permanent basis.

16 In determining whether an anti-suit injunction should be granted by the
Singapore court, the following elements have to be established (_John
Reginald_ at [28]-[29]):

(a) whether the defendant is amenable to the jurisdiction of the Singapore
court;

(b) whether Singapore is the natural forum for resolution of the dispute
between the parties;

(c) whether the foreign proceedings are _prima facie_ vexatious or oppressive
(or otherwise unconscionable);

(d) whether the grant of an anti-suit injunction would cause the defendant any
injustice; and

(e) whether the institution of the foreign proceedings is in breach of any
agreement between the parties.

Consideration (e) is not applicable to the present case as there is no
agreement between the parties forbidding the institution of foreign
proceedings.

17 The husband rightly does not dispute that he is amenable to the
jurisdiction of the Singapore court. He made numerous applications in relation
to the divorce suit and in doing so, has submitted to the jurisdiction of the
Singapore court. So long as a party submits to the jurisdiction of the court,
he is amenable to the jurisdiction of that court (_Koh Kay Yew v Inno-Pacific
Holdings Ltd_ [1997] 2 SLR(R) 148 at [17]).

18 To satisfy the natural forum requirement, the wife (who is the applicant of
the anti-suit injunction) has to demonstrate that Singapore is clearly the
more appropriate forum (_John Reginald_ at [33]). In this regard, the court
must take into account all relevant factors such as those relating to
convenience and expense (such as the availability of witnesses) and factors
such as the law governing the transaction. But the process of taking into
account all relevant factors is not mechanical. The court has to weigh each
factor and consider its place in the overall picture (_Peter Rogers May v
Pinder Lillian Gek Lian_ [2006] 2 SLR(R) 381 (“ _Peter Rogers May_ ”) at [20]
and _Andre Ravindran S Arul v Tunku Abdul Ismail bin Sultan Iskandar Al-Haj_
[2001] SGHC 209 at [8]). In relation to an appellate court’s review of a lower
court’s decision that a particular jurisdiction is the natural forum for
determining a dispute, it is trite law that the appellate court should be slow
to interfere with such as decision. As stated by the Court of Appeal in _CIMB
Bank Bhd v Dresdner Kleinwort Ltd_ [2008] 4 SLR(R) 543 in relation to an
application to stay proceedings on the basis of _forum non conveniens_ (which
necessarily requires a determination of the natural forum) (at [84]):

It is clear that in determining whether or not to grant a stay of proceedings,
the judge will be exercising a discretion. Such an exercise of discretion
should not be interfered with by an appellate court unless the judge had
misdirected himself on a matter of principle, or he had taken into account
matters which he ought not to have taken into account or had failed to take
into account matters which he ought to have taken into account, or his
decision is plainly wrong (see _The Abidin Daver_ [1984] AC 398 at 420 _per_
Lord Brandon of Oakbrook).

I find myself unable to say that the District Judge had exercised his
discretion wrongly. I considered the factors in favour of the wife against
those in the husband’s favour. The following relevant factors are potentially
in the husband’s favour:

(a) the location of the witnesses;

(b) the location of documents;

(c) the location of the alleged fraud/misrepresentation; and

(d) the law governing the prenuptial agreement.

19 The location of witnesses is a neutral factor. It is only significant in
relation to third party witnesses as issues of compellability arise (_CIMB
Bank_ at [69] and _Rickshaw Investments_ at [19]). But the husband did not
raise this as an issue. Furthermore, the availability of video-links greatly
reduces the significance of this factor (_Peter Rogers May_ at [26]).

20 The location of documents is also a neutral factor. Documentary evidence is
easily transportable between jurisdictions (_John Reginald_ at [40]). The
court can always deal with the issue of costs in transporting these documents
by an appropriate order for costs and disbursements (_Good Earth Agricultural
Co Ltd v Novus International Pte Ltd_ [2008] 2 SLR(R) 711 at [23]).

21 Although the location of the alleged fraud/misrepresentation and the law
governing the prenuptial agreement (being New York law) lie in the husband’s
favour, I find these factors to be insignificant when weighed against the
factors in the wife’s favour for these reasons:

22 First, as mentioned, divorce proceedings were commenced in Singapore. The
fairest and most expeditious course to take is for the Singapore courts to
deal with the validity of the prenuptial agreement as part of the ancillary
matters (see above at [11]). Genuine proceedings have been started in
Singapore and have developed to the stage where they have had a continuing
effect on the parties. Lord Goff of Chieveley held in _De Dampierre v De
Dampierre_ [1988] AC 92 at 108:

If…genuine proceedings have been started and have not merely been started but
have developed to the stage where they have had some impact upon the dispute
between the parties, especially if such impact is likely to have a continuing
effect, then this may be a relevant factor to be taken into account when
considering whether the foreign jurisdiction provides the appropriate forum
for the resolution of the dispute between the parties.

Interim judgment for divorce was granted on 23 August 2011. This judgment,
though interim in name, renders the parties permanently divorced in the eyes
of the law (_Sivakolunthu Kumarasamy v Shanmugam Nagaiah and another_ [1987]
SLR(R) 702).

23 Second, the divorce proceedings in Singapore have been delayed for close to
three years and should not held in abeyance any further. In any event, the
Singapore courts are competent to determine and apply foreign law (see above
at [12]). The divorce proceedings should be finalised as soon as possible so
that the parties can move on with their own lives. It is on this basis that I
hold that on balance, the more appropriate forum is Singapore.

24 I am satisfied that the foreign proceedings in New York are _prima facie_
“vexatious or oppressive” (or otherwise “unconscionable”). The terms
“vexatious or oppressive” and “unconscionable” have been used interchangeably
(both in Singapore and overseas) but they actually mean different things.
Belinda Ang Saw Ean J in the Singapore High Court decision in _Evergreen
International SA v Volkswagen Group Singapore Pte Ltd and others_ [2004] 2
SLR(R) 457 held (at [41]):

The question for consideration is whether the conduct of the defendants in
continuing with the Belgium proceedings is vexatious or oppressive and is
hence unconscionable.

Similarly, the Singapore Court of Appeal in _John Reginald_ held (at [47]):

We would observe that the courts have held that there is vexation or
oppression in situations such as the following: where a party is subjected to
oppressive procedures in the foreign court; bad faith in the institution of
the foreign proceedings; commencing the foreign proceedings for no good
reason; commencing proceedings that are bound to fail; and extreme
inconvenience caused by the foreign proceedings… These situations can also be
suitably described by the word unconscionable.

The English courts have also used the terms “vexatious or unconscionable” and
“unconscionable” interchangeably (see eg: _Glencore International AG v Exeter
Shipping Ltd_ [2002] 2 All ER (Comm) 1 at 13-14; and _Sabah Shipyard
(Pakistan) Ltd v Islamic Republic of Pakistan_ [2003] 2 Lloyd Rep 571 at
580-581).

25 The terms “vexatious or oppressive” and “unconscionable” are not
synonymous. They were coined by Lord Goff in _Société Nationale Industrielle
Aeropatiale_ and Lord Hobbhouse of Woodborough in _Turner v Grovit_ [2002] 1
WLR 107 respectively who disagree on the root concepts of the anti-suit
injunction (Thomas Raphael, _The Anti-Suit Injunction_ (Oxford University
Press, 2008) at para 4.02) (“ _The Anti-Suit Injunction_ ”). Lord Goff in
_Société Nationale_ took the view that anti-suit injunctions are granted to
meet the ends of justice where foreign proceedings are “vexatious or
oppressive”, whereas Lord Hobbhouse held that anti-suit injunctions are
granted on the basis of unconscionable conduct.

26 Thomas Raphael in _The Anti-Suit Injunction_ opined as follows:

[Lord Goff’s test] is…to be preferred as a matter of principle. The notion of
unconscionability brings with it the danger of excessive closeness to the
historical equitable legacy of the common injunction. It is also arguably a
legal fiction. In most cases where anti-suit injunctions are granted, there is
no real sense in which the injunction defendant’s conscience is or should be
engaged. The language of ‘the interests of justice’ or ‘vexation and
oppression’ is a more appropriate way to frame the criticism of the litigation
tactics which will warrant the imposition of an injunction. The greater
suitability of Lord Goff’s tests is illustrated by the fact that in a number
of cases where the concept of unconscionable conduct has been formally
applied, it has merely served as a redundant conceptual shell for the
application of the test of vexatious or oppressive behaviour.

In addition, although Lord Hobbhouse articulated the notion of ‘unconscionable
conduct’ to focus attention on the ‘wrongful conduct of the individual’, it is
submitted that this risks oversimplification. Anti-suit injunctions are not
merely a matter of private law, but also inescapably involve public interests,
because of the tensions with comity that they produce. Locating the concept of
the ‘ends of justice’ at the heart of the relevant test compels the court to
address not merely the conduct of the injunction defendant but also the
interests of justice as a whole.

I agree.

27 In the present case, I find that the foreign proceedings are vexatious and
oppressive, and an anti-suit injunction should be granted to meet the ends of
justice. The wife has not been receiving maintenance from the husband. Her
financial resources are strained, having to deal with the numerous
applications filed by her husband both locally and in New York. The husband,
who is wealthy on the other hand, has the resources to litigate.

28 Having found that a _prima facie_ case of vexation or oppression is made
out, I move onto consider whether the grant of the anti-suit injunction
results in injustice to the husband. Broadly speaking, the husband submits the
following against the grant of an anti-suit injunction:

(a) First, the wife brought the application for the anti-suit injunction to
have an unmeritorious second attempt after having failed to stay the New York
action on grounds of _forum non conveniens_.

(b) Second, the wife’s own conduct precludes her from arguing that an anti-
suit injunction should be granted. He says that the wife filed an application
for the anti-suit injunction more than two years after she was served with a
“Summons with Notice” in the New York action. He also says that the wife took
“active steps” in the New York action.

(c) Third, the husband would lose the following juridical advantages:

(i) the husband would not be able to specifically enforce the prenuptial
agreement as a commercial contract between the parties;

(ii) the husband would not be able to claim for damages; and

(iii) the wife would be permitted to “fish” for evidence through discovery and
interrogatories to support her allegations of fraud/misrepresentation.

I am of the view that there is no injustice to the husband by granting the
interim anti-suit injunction. The husband’s arguments are unmeritorious.

29 First, I reject the husband’s argument that the wife applied for an anti-
suit injunction to have a “second bite at the cherry” after failing to stay
the New York action on grounds of _forum non conveniens_ as it is speculative.
There is also nothing to preclude her from applying for an anti-suit
injunction after failing to obtaining a stay of the New York proceedings. A
stay and an anti-suit injunction are different remedies.

30 Second, the wife’s delay and supposed “active steps” in the New York action
are of no consequence. The delay in bringing the anti-suit injunction is due
in large part to the wife seeking to stay the New York proceedings. I also
find that her supposed “active steps” in the New York proceedings do not
amount to a submission to the jurisdiction of the New York court, or
inconsistent with applying for an anti-suit injunction. On the contrary, her
“active steps” were in fact attempts to contest the jurisdiction of the New
York courts. Her actions in the staying the New York action are also
consistent with her seeking the anti-suit injunction. Both the applications
for stay of New York proceedings and an anti-suit injunction are her attempts
to restrain the New York action, albeit by different means.

31 Third, the husband does not lose any juridical advantages. The anti-suit
injunction granted by the District Judge is an interim one, and does not
preclude him from enforcing a separate contractual claim later, after the
finalisation of the divorce proceedings. The courts will also ensure that the
discovery and interrogatories will not be abused for the purpose of “fishing”
for evidence.

32 In light of the above analysis, I uphold the District Court’s decision in
granting the interim anti-suit injunction. I now deal with RAS 50/2014. This
is the husband’s appeal for matters relating to the care, custody and control
of the child to be transferred to the Illinois courts. The husband’s lawyers
submit that his appeal should be allowed for the following reasons:

(a) First, the Illinois courts have the closest connection to the child and
also have mechanisms to effectively manage child-related matters.

(b) Second, the Illinois courts are best placed to hear matters relating to
the care, custody and control of the child in her best interest as the child,
her teachers, psychologists and counsellor are located in Illinois.

(c) Third, the wife, in her application to relocate the child to Illinois, has
expressly asked the Singapore courts to cede jurisdiction over the child in
favour of the Illinois courts.

(d) Fourth, the wife will not suffer prejudice if the transfer is granted.

I reject these arguments.

33 First as mentioned, Singapore, being the jurisdiction hearing the divorce,
should hear the ancillary matters, including those involving the child (see
above at [22]).

34 Second, proceedings in Singapore are in advanced stages compared to those
in Illinois. In fact, there are none in Illinois. The husband (at least until
the time I heard the matter on appeal) has not even commenced proceedings in
Illinois. On the other hand, the only matters left for the Singapore court are
the ancillary matters, which once heard and decided, will result in final
judgment of divorce. Furthermore, allowing the transfer application will
result in further delay.

35 Third, the child’s best interests can be safeguarded by the Singapore
courts. It goes without saying that the child’s best interests are of
paramount importance. The evidence and information needed for determining the
child’s best interest can still be provided to the Singapore court. While
foreign witnesses (such as the child’s teachers, psychologists and counsellor)
cannot be compelled to give evidence in Singapore, there is no indication that
they will not and have not. The witnesses can testify via video-link.

36 Fourth, the wife, in her application to relocate the child to Illinois, has
not expressly asked the Singapore courts to cede jurisdiction over the child
in favour of the Illinois courts. On the contrary, the Singapore courts
continue to have jurisdiction on matters relating to her custody, access, care
and control as the divorce action is commenced in Singapore.

37 Fifth, the wife will suffer prejudice if the transfer is allowed. She will
have to incur additional expenses in instructing Illinois solicitors (beside
those in New York and Singapore whom she already instructs) and in proceedings
in Illinois if the transfer is allowed. Further unnecessary expenses have to
be incurred as witnesses have to testify before the Illinois courts because
the affidavits filed in the Singapore proceedings cannot be admitted into
evidence in the Illinois courts as Illinois law forbids the use of affidavits.

38 I therefore dismissed the husband’s appeal for matters relating to the
care, custody and control of the child to be transferred to the Illinois
courts. The appellant has applied for leave to appeal and essentially the
grounds are that there are novel issues in this case that warrant the
consideration of the Court of Appeal. I am of the view that facts here do not
raise issues of novel law. This is a straightforward factual and practical
matter and I am of the view that the respondent should not be compelled to
face protracted and multiple litigation. The application for leave to appeal
by the appellant husband is therefore dismissed.

39 Costs will follow the event and shall be taxed if not agreed. The parties
may, alternatively, apply for costs to be fixed.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 27 Jan 2015 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

