Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Freight Connect (S) Pte Ltd _v_ Paragon Shipping Pte Ltd  
[2015] SGCA 37

Case Number| :| Civil Appeal No 157 of 2014  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 31 July 2015  
Tribunal/Court| :| Court of Appeal  
Coram| :|  Sundaresh Menon CJ; Chao Hick Tin JA; Chan Sek Keong SJ  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Navinder Singh (Navin & Co LLP) for the appellant; K
Muralitherapany and Koh Seng Tee Edward (Joseph Tan Jude Benny LLP) for the
respondent.  
Parties| :|  Freight Connect (S) Pte Ltd — Paragon Shipping Pte Ltd  
  
[LawNet Editorial Note: The decision from which this appeal arose is reported
at [2014] 4 SLR 574.]

31 July 2015| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Chan Sek Keong SJ (delivering the judgment of the court):

Introduction

1 This is an appeal from the decision of the High Court judge (“the Judge”) in
_Paragon Shipping Pte Ltd v Freight Connect (S) Pte Ltd_ [2014] 4 SLR 574
(“the Judgment”), where the respondent, Paragon Shipping Pte Ltd (“the
Respondent”), was awarded the total sum of US$81,000, interest and costs. The
appellant, Freight Connect (S) Pte Ltd (“the Appellant”), was also ordered to
indemnify the Respondent against any sum that the Respondent might be found
liable to pay to FLS (Thailand) Co, Ltd (“FLS”), the party it had entered into
a charterparty with in order to fulfil its contractual obligations to the
Appellant. At the trial below, the Appellant also brought a counterclaim for
damages for breach of contract and the tort of wrongful interference with
trade. Both counterclaims were dismissed by the Judge. The Appellant has not
appealed against the dismissal of its counterclaims. The appeal before us is
confined to the Judge’s decision to allow the Respondent’s claims in part.

The facts

The parties

2 The Appellant and the Respondent are Singapore companies in the business of
providing transport services for the shipping of cargo by sea. The Appellant
had entered into a contract with Herrenknecht Asia Headquarters Pte Ltd to
transport machinery (“the Cargo”) from Nanwei, Nansha, China to Singapore. The
Cargo was to be used for various tunnelling projects in Singapore.

The first fixture

3 In or around July 2012, the Appellant’s general manager and director, Marcus
Stephen Tan (“Mr Tan”), and the operations manager, Yesica Winata (“Ms
Winata”), entered into negotiations with the Respondent’s director, Madeline
Ong (“Ms Ong”), for the provision of a vessel to transport the Cargo from
Nanwei to Singapore. On 26 July 2012, the parties entered into an agreement
(“the first fixture”), pursuant to which the Respondent agreed to provide the
“MV Dahua” (“the _Dahua_ ”) for the purpose of shipping the Cargo to
Singapore. The lump sum freight was US$161,000, and the material terms of the
first fixture are reproduced as follows:

02) LOADING PORT: 1SBP OWNERS BERTH NANWEI PORT, GUANGDONG, PR CHINA.

...

04) LAYCAN: 10TH \- 20TH, AUG, 2012

Clause 19 of the first fixture incorporated the terms of a standard form
contract codenamed “Gencon”.

4 The Respondent in turn entered into an agreement with FLS for the charter of
the _Dahua_ to fulfil its contractual obligations under the first fixture with
the Appellant. Subsequently, Mr Tan and Ms Ong exchanged emails in August 2012
regarding the status of the _Dahua_ and whether it would be able to arrive at
Nanwei within the laycan of the first fixture (_ie_ , between 10 August and 20
August 2012). It soon transpired that the _Dahua_ would be delayed and would
not be able to do so. Thereupon the Appellant took the view that the
Respondent was already in default of the first fixture. In an email sent to Ms
Ong on 13 August 2012, Ms Winata wrote:

Looking at the situation, its already default the contract of the Fixture
Note.

Vessel sailing need 15-18 days to reach Guangzhou [_ie_ , from the vicinity of
North Korea where the vessel allegedly was, but which was denied by the
Respondent] and even this vessel is not even hit at the Typhoon territory.

Kindly get the replacement vessel asap by today before noon hrs.

5 This was followed by a further exchange of emails between the parties. The
Respondent sought an extension of the laycan in the first fixture to 30 August
2012 but this was rejected by the Appellant. Multiple options were also mooted
by the Respondent, such as the provision of other vessels to carry the Cargo,
but nothing came out of these discussions until 17 August 2012, when the “MV
AAL Dampier” (“the _AAL Dampier_ ”) was first brought up by the Respondent as
an alternative vessel.

The second fixture

6 On 17 August 2012 at 1.12pm, Ms Ong sent an email to Mr Tan and Ms Winata
informing them that the Respondent had found a “passing by vessel”, the _AAL
Dampier_ , to load the Cargo on the morning of 20 August 2012. Ms Ong also
informed them that the _AAL Dampier_ ’s detention charge was US$25,000 per day
and that an urgent response (within 15 minutes) was required or “the vessel
[_ie_ , the _AAL Dampier_] will diversify [_sic_] elsewhere”. Ms Winata
replied at 1.51pm, seeking further clarification on the _AAL Dampier_ ’s
specifications. She also emphasised that the Cargo had to be loaded no later
than 20 August and that it had to arrive in Singapore no later than 25 August
due to “LC requirement”.

7 At the trial, Mr Tan testified that sometime at this juncture, he had a
telephone conversation with Ms Ong during which he agreed to the Respondent’s
proposal of shipping the Cargo on board the _AAL Dampier_ , subject to the
following conditions:

(a) that the Cargo was able to load; and

(b) that there was no issue with the documentation.

This was followed by an email sent by Ms Ong to Ms Winata at 2.06pm on the
same day, the material parts of this email are as follows:

Thank you for your confirmation. As discussed we have confirmed fixing the
shipment on:

VESSEL:

\- AAL tonnage or sub ( intention AAL DAMPIER)

...

PORTS OF LOADING & DISCHARGE:

\- POL: Nanwei Port

\- POD: Singapore

TIME OF SHIPMENT:

\- 19 - 20.08.2012

FREIGHT & TERMS:

\- USD 161,000.00 Lumpsum

\- Freight based on Hook / Hook

\- Detention USD 25,000.00 per day pro rata

GENERAL CONDITIONS:

\- Carrier’s Berth and Agents at all ends

...

\- Freight to be fully prepaid on completion of loading

\- Freight is deemed earned as cargo is being loaded discountless non
returnable vessel and/or cargo is lost or not lost

...

\- Cargo to be delivered/received as fast as vessel can load/discharge
otherwise detention to apply.

Time lost due to swell and/or weather and/or waiting for loading and/or
discharging berth on ships arrival at or off port or so near thereto vessel
may be permitted to approach, will be charged as time for which detention is
due

8 There was a further exchange of emails between Ms Winata and Ms Ong
regarding the stowage plan and the port berthing details. At 6.07pm on the
same day, Ms Ong sent an email to Ms Winata, seeking confirmation on three
matters. Ms Winata replied at 6.19pm to the three matters with her answers in
capital letters next to the questions. Ms Ong’s original email, together with
Ms Winata’s responses read as follows:

(AA) Please confirm that the shipper has no problem with the customs clearance
at port of Loading to have the cargoes load on board MV “ AAL Dampier”. If so,
we will proceed to bring the vessel to Nanwei Port as per schedule. Kindly
advise urgently. – SHIPPER CONFIRM ON THIS ISSUE.

(BB) Please inform that shipper only contact our new agent, AAL, for the
loading the cargoes onboard Mv “AAL Dampier” . Please inform them that Bruce
is no longer involve with the shipment. – ALREADY INFORMED.

(CC) Please ensure that the shipper will only be loading the cargoes onboard
MV “AAL Dampier” instead any other vessel. – NOTED, ALREADY INFORMED

9 There is no dispute between the parties that the Respondent had entered into
a separate agreement with FLS for the charter of the _AAL Dampier_ on terms
which were similar to those agreed between the Appellant and the Respondent
for the second fixture, except that the freight was US$155,000 and the
detention charge was US$20,000 per day pro rata. The Respondent’s margin of
profit on these two back-to-back charters was US$6,000 on the freight and
US$5,000 per day pro rata for detention.

The arrival of the AAL Dampier at Nanwei on 20 August 2012

10 It is common ground that the _AAL Dampier_ arrived at Nanwei on 20 August
2012 and tendered its notice of readiness (“NOR”) at 7.15pm on the day of its
arrival. FLS informed the Appellant on 22 August 2012 that a berth had been
booked for the _AAL Dampier_ , but there was a delay due to congestion at
Nanwei Port. Nevertheless, at that point in time, the _AAL Dampier_ was still
scheduled to berth on 23 August 2012.

11 Unfortunately, the _AAL Dampier_ lost its berth booking for 23 August 2012
due to the Appellant’s failure to provide certain shipping and customs
documents to the Nanwei Port authorities. The Chinese shipper had handed over
these documents to one Mr Gong of ASB Group Co, Ltd (“ASB”), who was the
ship’s agent for the first fixture. It appears that sometime after the
termination of the first fixture on 16 August 2012, the Appellant had
approached Mr Gong for assistance in arranging for an alternative vessel to
ship the Cargo to Singapore. Mr Gong then approached one Mr Louis of
Uptrans/Jade Shipping (“Jade Shipping”), who eventually secured another vessel
known as the “MV Sea Castle” (“the _Sea Castle_ ”). It would seem that Mr Gong
had passed on the shipping and customs documents to Mr Louis pursuant to the
arrangement for the Cargo to be loaded on board the _Sea Castle_. The
Appellant subsequently tried to obtain these documents from ASB or Jade
Shipping for the purpose of enabling the _AAL Dampier_ to apply for a berth,
but was denied the documents. As a result, the _AAL Dampier_ lost its berth
application for 23 August 2012. The vessel was then scheduled to berth on 27
or 28 August 2012 instead, subject to the relevant documents being made
available to the port authorities.

The shipping of the Cargo on the Sea Castle

12 On 23 August 2012, the Appellant informed the Respondent that it would be
loading the Cargo on board the _Sea Castle_. The Appellant stated that it was
unable to load the Cargo on board the _AAL Dampier_ as the previous agent,
ASB, had retained the documents that were required by the port authorities for
the _AAL Dampier_ ’s berth application. The Cargo was loaded on board the _Sea
Castle_ and shipped to Singapore.

13 Subsequently, the Respondent informed the Appellant that FLS had demanded
for dead freight and detention charges for the waiting time incurred by the
_AAL Dampier_. The Respondent forwarded FLS’s emails to the Appellant.

The commencement of legal proceedings

14 The Respondent then commenced legal proceedings against the Appellant for
damages for breach of contract in failing to load the Cargo on board the _AAL
Dampier_ to claim the following reliefs:

(a) damages in the sum of US$236,000 (comprising US$161,000 for freight and
US$75,000 for detention charges for three days at US$25,000 per day pro rata);

(b) further, or in the alternative, an order that the Appellant indemnify and
pay the Respondent any sum, including costs and interests the Respondent might
be liable to pay the head charterer and/or owner of the _AAL Dampier_ arising
out of the Appellant’s failure to perform the second fixture.

15 The Appellant filed a defence and counterclaim and denied the Respondent’s
claim on the ground that the Respondent had breached the first fixture in
respect of the _Dahua_ and that there had never been a confirmed fixture for
the _AAL Dampier_ , and accordingly the Appellant was therefore entitled to
ship the Cargo on board the _Sea Castle_. The Appellant counterclaimed for
damages for breach of contract amounting to US$9,208.67 (when the correct
amount was US$15,208.67 as observed by the Judge) and US$3,009.51 which it had
incurred from having to ship the Cargo on board the _Sea Castle_. The
Appellant also counterclaimed against the Respondent for damages for wrongful
interference with trade arising from a letter written by the Respondent to the
Appellant’s customers.

The issues before the Judge

16 The Judge considered the following as the main issues for the court’s
determination:

(a) What happened to the first fixture: was the Respondent in breach?

(b) Was the second fixture concluded between the Appellant and the Respondent?

(c) Was the NOR tendered by the _AAL Dampier_ under the second fixture valid?

(d) What remedies are recoverable by either party in relation to the first or
second fixtures?

(e) Was the Respondent liable to the Appellant for the tort of wrongful
interference with trade?

17 With respect to these issues, the Judge found as follows on the evidence
and construction of the terms of the second fixture:

(a) The Respondent was in breach of the first fixture.

(b) The second fixture was concluded between the parties.

(c) The NOR tendered by the _AAL Dampier_ under the second fixture was valid.

(d) The Appellant was not entitled to recover any loss under the first fixture
as it was in breach of the second fixture. The Respondent was entitled to
recover damages of US$81,000 and interest thereon, and an indemnity from the
Appellant for any sum it might be found liable to FLS arising out of or in
connection with the Respondent’s charter of the _AAL Dampier_ from FLS for the
purpose of carrying the Cargo from Nanwei to Singapore in August 2012.

(e) The Respondent was not liable to the Appellant for the alleged unlawful
interference of trade.

18 The present appeal only concerns the issues arising out of the _second_
fixture. In this regard, the Judge made the following findings:

(a) The second fixture was concluded latest by 6.19pm on 17 August 2012 when
the Appellant confirmed that the shipper would load the cargo on board the
_AAL Dampier_.

(b) The second fixture was a port charter and the _AAL Dampier_ had tendered a
valid NOR on 20 August 2012 when it arrived at Nanwei Port. The time spent
waiting for the berth, up to the time when the Appellant repudiated the second
fixture on 23 August 2012, was to be charged as time for which detention was
due. The Appellant was therefore liable for detention charges amounting to
US$75,000.

(c) The Appellant was liable for detention charges even if the second fixture
had been a berth charter. It was an implied term of charterparties that a
charterer would act with reasonable despatch and in accordance with the
ordinary practice of the port of loading in carrying out acts which had to be
done by them to enable the vessel to become an “arrived vessel”. In the event
of breach of this implied term, the commencement of laytime could be antedated
to the date it would have begun but for the breach. The Appellant had breached
this obligation when it failed to secure the shipping and customs documents
that were necessary to enable the _AAL Dampier_ to obtain a berth.

(d) The Respondent was not entitled to full freight as the second fixture
clearly stated that full freight would only be earned upon the loading of the
cargo. The Cargo was never loaded on board the _AAL Dampier_.

(e) The Respondent was entitled to claim damages amounting to US$6,000, being
the difference between what the Respondent would have received from the
Appellant pursuant to the second fixture (_ie_ , US$161,000) and what the
Respondent would have had to pay FLS (_ie_ , US$155,000).

(f) The Respondent was also entitled to be indemnified by the Respondent
against any sum that it might be found liable to pay FLS arising out of the
Appellant’s failure to ship the Cargo on the _AAL Dampier_.

The issues

19 The issues framed by the Appellant and the Respondent in this appeal differ
in certain respects. However, for the purposes of the appeal, we shall
consider the issues framed by the Appellant for the reason that the Appellant
is appealing against the Judge’s decision. The main issues framed by the
Appellant are as follows:

(a) whether there was a concluded second fixture between the parties;

(b) whether the second fixture was a _port_ or _berth_ charterparty; and

(c) what the appropriate remedies are in relation to the claims of the
Respondent.

Our decision

Issue (a): Whether there was a concluded second fixture between the parties

20 Before us, the Appellant contended that the Judge was wrong to have found
that the parties had concluded the second fixture relating to the _AAL
Dampier_. The Appellant advanced a number of arguments in this regard. We do
not propose to deal with these arguments in any detailed fashion as they seek
to impugn the Judge’s findings of fact. We see no reason to disturb the
Judge’s finding that on the evidence before the court, the parties had agreed
on the second fixture in relation to the _AAL Dampier_ on 17 August 2012 on
the terms as set out in the various emails exchanged between the parties. We
only need to mention the following arguments.

21 The Appellant argued that the arrangement for the _AAL Dampier_ to
transport the Cargo was made in response to the breach of the first fixture.
Essentially, the argument is that the _AAL Dampier_ was merely a substitute
vessel for the _Dahua_ , and therefore there was no separate agreement between
the parties in relation to the _AAL Dampier_. In our view, the documentary
evidence in the form of the emails exchanged between the parties on 17 August
2012 does not support the Appellant’s contention that the agreement regarding
the _AAL Dampier_ was merely an extension of the first fixture, as opposed to
a separate agreement. If the _AAL Dampier_ had been intended as a substitute
vessel under the first fixture, it would have been easier and simpler for the
Appellant to have stated its offer to the Respondent on that basis, without
having to revise the terms of the first fixture.

22 The Appellant also argued that, unlike the first fixture which documented
all the terms of the charterparty and was signed by the parties, the alleged
second fixture was not signed, and that the Judge was wrong to have relied on
the oral and written communications between the parties in establishing that
there had been a concluded second fixture. We are unable to accept the
Appellant’s argument on this issue. The law does not require a charterparty to
be reduced into a single written document that is signed by both parties in
order for it to be upheld as a valid agreement: see Julian Cooke _et al_ ,
_Voyage Charters_ (Informa, 3rd Ed, 2007) which states at para 1.3:

A contract for the chartering of a ship is _normally_ embodied in a printed
form of charterparty, agreed by the parties or their agents. Under English
law, however, there is _no requirement that a contract for the services of a
ship on a voyage should be made or recorded in any particular manner_. So long
as the parties have reached complete agreement, _a charterparty signed by or
on behalf of the parties is unnecessary_. The parties’ agreement may be made
_in the course of written exchanges, or during conversations or meetings, and
may even be inferred from conduct, so long as the inference to be drawn is
clear_. All that is required is that the parties should have reached a firm
agreement upon all essential terms. ...

[emphasis added]

23 The Appellant also argued that the second fixture was void for uncertainty
in so far as it did not contain the essential terms of a charterparty. In
support of this argument, the Appellant referred to the following extract from
Stewart C Boyd _et al_ , _Scrutton on Charterparties and Bills of Lading_
(Sweet & Maxwell, 21st Ed, 2008) at p 280:

Charterparties, in regard to the time for loading or discharge, fall into two
classes, (1) for discharge in a fixed time, (2) for discharge in a time not
definitely fixed. _If a charterparty is to fall within the first class_ the
provision for a fixed time must be in plain and unambiguous terms.

[emphasis added]

The Appellant’s argument is that the second fixture did not fulfil the
requirement for the fixed time period to be very clear and unambiguous. In our
view, the second fixture is not a fixed time charterparty (as described in the
extract above) as the email sent by the Respondent to the Appellant on 17
August 2012 at 2.06pm stated unequivocally as follows:

Cargo to be delivered/received as fast as vessel can load/discharge otherwise
detention to apply.

24 The Appellant also argued that there was no express laycan term in the
second fixture, and its absence meant that the uncertainty “goes to the root
of a shipping and forwarding contract”. It was submitted that the Judge had
erred in finding that the parties had intended the phrase “time of shipment”
to refer to the laycan under the second fixture. In our view, the Judge’s
finding in this regard was adequately supported by the evidence. The reasons
given by the Judge are set out at [58]–[60] of the Judgment. We agree with the
reasons and findings made by the Judge therein and we do not propose to repeat
them here.

25 In summary, we see no reason to disturb the Judge’s finding that the second
fixture had been validly entered into by the parties.

Issue (b): Whether the second fixture was a port or berth charterparty

26 The issue as to whether the second fixture was a port or berth charterparty
impacts on this appeal in two respects. First, if the second fixture is a port
charterparty, then the arrival of the _AAL Dampier_ at Nanwei on 20 August
2012 and the tendering of the NOR on the same day at 7.15pm would mean that
the _AAL Dampier_ was an “arrived ship”, and the time spent waiting for a
loading berth would be charged as time for which detention was due at
US$25,000 per day pro-rated. However, in this respect, the Respondent has
argued that this is not a material factor as its claim for detention charges
was based on an express term of the second fixture and thus independent of
whether the _AAL Dampier_ was an arrived ship at the time it tendered its NOR.
We will deal with that argument later.

27 Secondly, the issue is material to the question as to whether the
Respondent was in breach of the second fixture. It may be recalled that the
Judge had found that the phrase “time of shipment” between 19 and 20 August
2012 referred to the laycan for the second fixture. On this basis, if the
second fixture were a berth charterparty, the _AAL Dampier_ ’s arrival at
Nanwei Port on 20 August 2012 would have resulted in the Respondent being in
_breach_ of the second fixture in so far as the _AAL Dampier_ could not be
regarded as having arrived within the laycan period. On the other hand, if the
second fixture is, in fact, a _port_ charterparty, the _AAL Dampier_ would be
an arrived ship and would therefore be regarded as having validly tendered its
NOR on 20 August 2012. If that were the case, the Respondent would _not_ be in
breach of the second fixture.

28 Was the second fixture a port or berth charterparty? In _Bulk Transport
Group Shipping Co Ltd v Seacrystal Shipping Ltd_ [1989] 1 AC 1264 (“ _The
Kyzikos_ ”), Lord Brandon of Oakbrook, in delivering the leading judgment of
the House of Lords, made the following observations (at 1273) on the
differences between a port charterparty and berth charterparty:

... The characteristics of a port charterparty are these. _First, the
contractual destination of the chartered ship is a named port._ Secondly, the
ship, in order to qualify as having arrived at the port, and therefore
entitled to give notice of readiness to discharge, must satisfy two
conditions. The first condition is that, if she cannot immediately proceed to
a berth, she has reached a position within the port where waiting ships
usually lie. The second condition is that she is at the immediate and
effective disposition of the charterers. _By contrast, the characteristics of
a berth charterparty are these. First, the contractual destination of the
chartered ship is a berth designated by the charterers within a named port._
Secondly, the ship, in order to qualify as an arrived ship, and therefore
entitled to give notice of readiness to discharge, must (unless the
charterparty otherwise provides) have reached the berth and be ready to begin
discharging.

In this regard, the Judge, in arriving at the finding that the second fixture
was a port charterparty, had referred to the email which “lists the _ports_ of
loading and discharge as Nanwei and Singapore respectively” [emphasis in
original]. In our view, the Judge had applied the correct legal principles as
enunciated by Lord Brandon of Oakbrook in _The Kyzikos_ to hold that the
second fixture was a port charterparty.

29 Before us, the Appellant also submitted that the first fixture was a berth
charterparty and that it would not make sense for the second fixture to be a
port charterparty, given that the second fixture was meant to replace the
first fixture. For ease of comparison, we will set out the relevant terms in
both fixtures. In the first fixture, the loading port was stated as follows:

02) LOADING PORT: 1SBP OWNERS BERTH NANWEI PORT, GUANGDONG, PR CHINA

The phrase “1SBP” is shorthand for “one safe berth or port”. The loading port
was stated as follows in the second fixture:

PORTS OF LOADING & DISCHARGE:

\- POL [_ie_ , PORT OF LOADING]: Nanwei Port

The Appellant also referred to a term found in the “general conditions”
section of the second fixture, reproduced as follows:

Carrier’s Berth and Agents at all ends

In this respect, the Appellant argued that the reference to “Carrier’s Berth”
effectively meant that the second fixture was a _berth_ charterparty.

30 The Respondent accepts that the first fixture was a berth charterparty.
However, in response to the Appellant’s arguments on the second fixture, the
Respondent makes two main submissions. First, it is argued that the omission
of the word “berth” from the destination in the second fixture was
determinative of the fact that the second fixture was a _port_ charterparty.
Second, the Respondent contends that the circumstances in which the second
fixture was concluded are clearly different from those applicable to the first
fixture, given that the latter was concluded with the benefit of time,
negotiation and planning, while the former was concluded in an extremely short
time frame.

31 We agree with the Judge that the second fixture was a _port_ charterparty,
as opposed to a _berth_ charterparty. At the outset, we observe that the
dispute turns on the construction of the second fixture. The test is whether,
on the true construction of the second fixture, the destination is Nanwei
Port, or a berth in Nanwei Port: see Donaldson J in _Nea Thyi Maritime Co Ltd
of Piraeus v Compagnie Grainiere SA of Zurich_ [1975] 2 Lloyd’s LR 415 at 422.
Having regard to the way in which the destination was defined in the second
fixture, we are of the view that the destination was Nanwei Port thus making
the second fixture a port charterparty. We agree with the Respondent that the
omission of any reference to a “berth” in the port of loading for the second
fixture, especially when viewed in the context of the express reference to
“OWNERS BERTH” in the first fixture, was, at the very least, indicative of
parties’ intention for the second fixture to be _different_ from the first
fixture.

32 From a commercial perspective, we are not surprised by the difference in
the terms of the two charterparties, given the different circumstances in
which they were entered into. The parties had entered into the first fixture
on 26 July 2012, about two weeks prior to the expected date of arrival of the
_Dahua_ at Nanwei Port. Further, taking into account the extended laycan
period of 10 August to 20 August 2012, it was explicable that the berthing
responsibility was on the owner, as opposed to the charterer. This can be
contrasted to the second fixture, which was concluded with relatively tight
deadlines and on short notice. As at 17 August 2012, when both parties were
still in the process of negotiating and concluding the second fixture, the
_AAL Dampier_ was scheduled to call at Nanwei Port _only two days later_ on 19
August 2012. In these circumstances, as compared to the first fixture, it was
less likely for the owner to have agreed to assume the responsibility for the
berthing of the vessel.

33 For the reasons set out above, we are of the view that the second fixture
was a port charterparty. Accordingly, given that it is not disputed that the
_AAL Dampier_ had arrived at Nanwei Port on 20 August 2012, the NOR had been
validly tendered and the Respondent was not in breach of the second fixture.
On the contrary, the Appellant was the party in breach of the second fixture
when it shipped the Cargo on board the _Sea Castle_ , as opposed to the _AAL
Dampier_.

34 The only remaining question would be the appropriate remedies to be granted
in favour of the Respondent, an issue which we shall now turn to.

Issue (c): The appropriate remedies

35 We will now consider the remedies granted by the Judge (see [18] above).
The sum of US$81,000 is made up as follows:

(a) US$6,000, being the loss of profit that the Respondent would have made on
the overall transaction; and

(b) US$75,000, being the detention charges for the period of three days from
the service of the NOR on 20 August 2012 to the Appellant’s repudiation of the
second fixture on 23 August 2012.

Additionally, the Judge also ordered the Appellant to indemnify the Respondent
against any sum, including interest and costs that the Respondent might be
found liable to pay FLS arising out of or in connection with the charter of
the _AAL Dampier_ for the purpose of carrying the Cargo from Nanwei to
Singapore in August 2012.

The loss of profit

36 We affirm the Judge’s order that the Appellant is liable to pay the
Respondent the sum of US$6,000, being the difference between the lump sum
freight of US$155,000 for the first fixture and the lump sum freight of
US$161,000 for the second fixture. This was the loss of profit the Respondent
had suffered as a result of the Appellant’s breach. We would simply add that
this was an undeserved profit because the Respondent was in breach of the
first fixture and was liable for any loss suffered by the Appellant. However,
the Appellant has not maintained on appeal its claim under the first fixture
as advanced before the Judge.

The detention charges

37 The claim for detention charges is premised on a term in the second fixture
which we shall refer to as the “time lost clause” and which we set out here
for convenience:

Time lost due to swell and/or weather and/or waiting for loading and/or
discharging berth on ships arrival at or off port or so near thereto vessel
may be permitted to approach, will be charged as time for which detention is
due[.]

The Appellant contends that the time lost clause cannot be regarded as a
standalone provision and that a NOR had to be validly tendered before the
clause could be triggered. In other words, the Appellant takes the position
that liability for detention charges (under the time lost clause) cannot arise
in the event that a NOR has not been validly tendered.

38 This issue is mainly academic in so far as we agree with the Judge’s
finding that the second fixture was a port charterparty and that the NOR had
been validly tendered (see [33] above). Nevertheless, given that both parties
have made extensive written submissions on this issue, we will express our
views briefly.

39 In this regard, we agree with the Respondent’s argument that its claim for
detention charges can exist regardless of whether a valid NOR had been
tendered or whether laytime under the charterparty had commenced. A
distinction has to be drawn between a claim for demurrage (or detention
charges) _after_ the expiration of laytime and a claim for an agreed sum which
is payable upon the occurrence of a specified event. In the present case, it
is the latter: the relevant clause clearly states that detention charges are
payable for any time lost due to the waiting for a loading berth. The issue of
whether the second fixture was a port or berth charterparty does not arise in
so far as it is not disputed that time was, in fact, lost while waiting for a
loading berth. It does not matter whether the _AAL Dampier_ was an arrived
ship given that the time lost clause clearly states that time would start
running upon the vessel’s “arrival at or off port or so near thereto [the]
vessel may be permitted to approach”. To this end, the requirement set out in
the time lost clause is independent of the questions concerning the
commencement of laytime and the tendering of a valid NOR. The detention
charges are payable in so far as it is not disputed that the express
requirements in the time lost clause have been satisfied as follows:

(a) time was lost;

(b) this was due to the _AAL Dampier_ having to wait for a loading berth; and

(c) the _AAL Dampier_ had arrived at or off port or so near thereto as it may
be permitted to approach.

40 The issue of whether a time lost clause could apply independent of whether
a valid NOR had been tendered was considered by the English Court of Appeal in
_North River Freighters Ltd v H.E. President of India_ [1956] 1 QB 333 (“
_North River_ ”). In that case, the charterparty specified that laytime was to
commence 24 hours after the NOR had been given. The following provision was
also found in the charterparty: “Time lost in waiting for berth to count as
loading time.” In the course of the proceedings, the charterer made exactly
the same argument that was put forth by the Appellant in the present case,
_ie_ , that time could not be lost in waiting for a berth until time has begun
to run (_ie_ , the commencement of laytime). This was soundly rejected by the
court. In arriving at the conclusion that the words in the time lost clause
were wholly independent of the commencement of loading time, Singleton LJ made
the following observations (at 340):

... The clause as to time wasted is _independent_ of clause 17 [_ie_ , the
clause stipulating the commencement of loading time]. It is inserted to avoid
questions which have arisen in many cases which have been before the courts.
The risk of time wasted in waiting for a berth is put upon the charterers
whose agents are, or ought to be, familiar with local conditions. _The clause
might have provided simply that time lost in waiting for a berth should be
paid for at the rate of £600 a day._ As drawn, it gives the charterers an
advantage, for they may save on loading time some, or all, of the time lost in
waiting for a berth. The time lost is to count as, or to be added to, loading
time in order to ascertain the position between the parties. I am unable to
accept the view that under the words in clause 5 [_ie_ , the time lost clause]
time is not lost until notice has been given under clause 17. [emphasis added]

Jenkins LJ further acknowledged (at 347) that from a practical point of view:

... the fact that notice of readiness to load was not given until the period
of waiting for berth was over could not affect the loss of time brought about
by such period of waiting, for loading could not in any case begin until the
vessel was berthed.

Meanwhile, Parker LJ took an interpretative approach towards resolving the
issue and made the following observations (at 349):

... No doubt “time” cannot be said to be “lost” until it has begun to run, but
it surely begins to run when the vessel has reached the point where she has to
stop until a berth is available. It seems to me that that is the natural
meaning of the words, and that the expression is wholly independent of the
time when loading time commences.

In this respect, although the reasoning adopted by each judge was slightly
different, they concurred that the application of the time lost clause in
question did not depend on the issuance of a NOR (or the commencement of
laytime).

41 In the later English Court of Appeal decision of _Ionian Navigation Company
Inc v Atlantic Shipping Company SA_ [1971] 1 Lloyd’s Rep 215 (“ _The Loucas N_
”), the issue of whether the time lost clause was independent of the laytime
provisions in the charterparty arose once again. The Court of Appeal, in
following its earlier decision of _North River_ , similarly arrived at the
conclusion that the time lost clause was independent of the requirement for a
NOR to be tendered before time could count.

42 For completeness, it is noted that _The Loucas N_ was subsequently
overruled by the House of Lords in _Aldebaran Compania Maritima SA Panama v
Aussenhandel AG Zurich_ [1977] AC 157 (“ _The Darrah_ ”). However, the
overruling was only in relation to the Court of Appeal’s computation of
laytime. In short, the House of Lords was of the view that in calculating the
time lost in waiting for a berth, the vessel must be treated as if it were, in
fact, in berth. In this regard, the computation of the time lost would have to
exclude all periods which would have been left out in the computation of
laytime used if the vessel had actually been in berth, _eg_ , Sundays and
public holidays. This issue does not arise in the present case in so far as
the waiting time for the _AAL Dampier_ was between Monday and Wednesday of the
week. For present purposes, it is noted that the House of Lords in _The
Darrah_ did _not_ overrule _The Loucas N_ in respect of the other issue of
whether the time lost clause could come into effect without the tendering of a
NOR. In fact, the House of Lords affirmed the earlier decision of _North
River_ , which we have already discussed above. Lord Diplock stated the law as
follows (at 166):

... The correctness of the actual decision in [_North River_] is not in doubt.
_It cannot have been intended that notice of readiness is required to start
time running under the “time lost” clause, for if it were the clause could
have no application in a berth charter, for which it is primarily designed,
since notice of readiness under such a charter could never be given until the
period of waiting was over and the vessel was already in berth_. ... [emphasis
added]

Lord Diplock also clarified that the reference to the word “independent” in
_North River_ was only with respect to the issue of whether the time lost
clause was subject to the requirement for the commencement of laytime, and he
cautioned against reading too much into that word (at 168):

So, as Roskill LJ has pointed out in a percipient introductory passage in his
judgment in the instant case, one starts with an unconsidered reference by
Singleton LJ in [_North River_] to the “time lost” clause as being
“independent” of a clause in the charterparty which, while it did contain the
only stipulation as to laytime that was relevant to the question for decision
in the case, viz. when laytime commenced, also contained other stipulations as
to what was to be reckoned as included in permitted laytime, with which the
Lord Justice was not concerned. _What was intended as no more than a
convenient way of stating that a provision which made notice of readiness a
condition precedent to the commencement of laytime in a berth charter could
have no application to the time lost clause_ , becomes elevated by the time
[_The Loucas N_] reached the Court of Appeal into a rule of law that “time
lost” clauses and “laytime” clauses in a berth charter constitute two
independent and unrelated codes for computing the amount of permitted laytime
that has been used up. [emphasis added]

Before leaving the decision of _The Darrah_ , we found it useful to also refer
to the judgment of Lord Russell of Killowen, where it was observed as follows
(at 175):

... it means that it may be, and would in this case be, more rewarding for the
ship to be kept waiting for a berth than not to be kept waiting. **_I do not
say that a charterparty cannot provide in clear terms for all waiting time to
be paid for at (for example) the demurrage rate: indeed it can and sometimes
does._** ... [emphasis added in bold italics]

The time lost clause in the second fixture was, in fact, such a clause in so
far as it provided that detention charges were to be paid in respect of any
time lost due to waiting for a berth.

43 More importantly, it must be recognised that the case authorities discussed
above dealt with clauses which stipulate that any waiting time is to count as
loading time. This is not quite the situation in the present case, given that
the time lost clause unequivocally states that detention charges will be paid
for any time lost waiting for a loading berth. In other words, issues
concerning laytime and the tendering of an NOR do not arise in the present
case: see Sir Bernard Eder _et al_ , _Scrutton on Charterparties and Bills of
Lading_ (Sweet & Maxwell, 22nd Ed, 2011) at para 9–075, set out as follows:

Charterparties sometimes provide that once a particular point has been
reached, all time waiting thereafter will be “paid” for. Thus, in the
“Austral” form the discharging clause stipulates that “if such discharging
place is not immediately available, demurrage in respect of all time waiting
thereafter shall be paid” at the demurrage rate.

Clauses of this type are _different_ from those discussed in the preceding
Articles [_eg_ , clauses which stipulate that any waiting time is to count as
laytime], since the waiting time neither ranks as lay-time nor is brought into
the lay-time calculation. _It follows that waiting time can run against the
shipowner notwithstanding that the ship is not within the geographical limits
of the port and no notice has been given._ Similarly, waiting time can start
even though the vessel is not, at the moment when she begins to wait,
physically ready to load. Since the clause does not purport to make the
waiting time a part of lay-time, it should logically continue to run even on
days—e.g. Sundays and holidays—when the running of lay-time is suspended.
Whether the running of waiting time is prevented or interrupted by excepted
perils depends on the wording of the exception.

[emphasis added]

44 For the reasons set out above, we are of the view that the Appellant’s
contention that the time lost clause cannot give rise to liability for
detention charges if a NOR had not been validly tendered has no merit. Such
time lost clauses, as found in the present case, are independent of the
requirement for laytime to have commenced or a valid NOR to have been
tendered. In any event, we emphasise once again that our aforementioned views
are mainly academic in so far as we have already upheld the Judge’s finding
that the second fixture was a port charterparty and that the NOR had been
validly tendered. Therefore, the Respondent is entitled to claim detention
charges at the agreed rate of US$25,000 per day pro-rated.

The indemnity

45 With regard to the order of indemnity granted against the Appellant, the
Judge’s reasoning is set out at [81] of the Judgment as follows:

Apart from damages, the plaintiff has prayed for an order that the defendant
indemnify it against any sum that it may be liable to pay the head charterer
(_ie_ , FLS) arising out of the defendant’s failure to ship the cargo on the
_AAL Dampier_. The plaintiff contends that it had specifically chartered the
vessel from FLS to perform the second fixture and that it now faces a claim
from FLS as a result of the defendant’s breach of the same. I accept this
argument. The plaintiff’s failure to meet its contractual obligation to FLS in
respect of the  _AAL Dampier_ was due entirely to the defendant’s breach of
the second fixture. If the plaintiff’s liability to FLS had already been
ascertained, the plaintiff could recover the same from the defendant as part
of the compensatory principle. Since such liability has not yet been
determined, the plaintiff is entitled to a declaration that the defendant must
indemnify it when liability is ascertained.

46 The Appellant has contended that the Judge was wrong to have granted the
indemnity as the Respondent’s claim for an indemnity was flawed for the
following reasons:

(a) the Respondent was not able to “point to any contract between them and any
other party for [the] _AAL Dampier_ to understand whether they possessed any
liability to such party to begin with”;

(b) there was “not even a single indication of a claim or potential claim by
[the] Owners”; and

(c) the decision was inconsistent with the decision of the High Court in _Re
Sanpete Builders (S) Pte Ltd_ [1989] 1 SLR(R) 5 (“ _Re Sanpete Builders_ ”).

47 All three grounds can be considered together. Dealing first with ground
(c), we are of the view that the High Court decision of _Re Sanpete Builders_
does not assist the Appellant. That was a decision in winding up proceedings,
and the issue before the court was whether the petitioner had a valid claim
for a debt (_ie_ , as a creditor) to support its application. One of the bases
on which the defendant company resisted the application was that it had a
claim for general unliquidated damages against the petitioner for breach of
contract. This was the context in which the defendant company relied on the
alternative argument that it was entitled to an indemnity from the petitioner
in respect of any liability it may incur to the main contractor, which was
already in liquidation at that point in time. This alternative argument was
rejected by the court (at [35]) as no evidence had been tendered by the
defendant company to show that the liquidator of the main contractor was
claiming any _unliquidated_ damages against it on the account of delay in the
works. The court also observed that the main contractor could not claim
_liquidated_ damages against the defendant company as a matter of law. The
question in _Re Sanpete Builders_ was thus whether an assertion by a company
against which a winding-up petition had been made that it was entitled to an
indemnity from the petitioning creditor was sufficient reason not to wind up
the company. It is quite different from the question of whether an indemnity
should be granted, which is the question in the present case.

48 With respect to grounds (b) and (c), the Respondent has adduced no reliable
evidence that FLS has in fact made any claim in writing against the Respondent
with respect to the charter of the _AAL Dampier_. What they have produced is
an email from Ms Ong dated 23 August 2012 at 12.33pm to Mr Tan _quoting_ an
email from the “owner” to Ms Ong stating as follows:

We have a booking in place confirmed to you in writing. Cost for cancelling
AAL Dampier will be USD 160,000 + any waiting time incurred. _Payment will be
due immediately_

As mentioned owners AAL are Singapore based and will take all necessary
actions to secure payment such as but not limited to arresting any other
vessel carrying the said cargo in order to secure payment.

[emphasis added]

49 The Respondent has not produced an authenticated copy of the email or a
copy of an invoice for payment from the “owner”. At the hearing of the appeal,
counsel for the Respondent, Mr K Muralitherapany was asked to clarify this
point, and he accepted that FLS had yet to make a claim against the
Respondent.

50 It was on this evidence that the Respondents claimed an indemnity and the
Judge granted the order of indemnity. The Judge cited no authority in support
of her decision to order the indemnity, and no authority was cited to her on
whether or when a declaration or an order for an indemnity in the terms of the
order actually given ought to have been given in present circumstances.

51 In a similar situation in _Household Machines Limited v Cosmos Exporters
Limited_ [1947] 1 KB 217 (“ _Household Machines_ ”), Lewis J granted a
declaration of indemnity in favour of the defendant. In _Household Machines_ ,
the plaintiff had entered into a series of contracts to supply the defendant
with goods which were, to the plaintiff’s knowledge, intended for resale by
the defendant to third party exporters. The plaintiff failed to deliver some
of the goods and the defendant withheld payment until the issue concerning the
undelivered items was resolved. The plaintiff sued for the price of the unpaid
goods and the defendant counterclaimed for damages for non-delivery and a
declaration of indemnity in respect of any damages it might be found liable to
pay third parties whom they had contracted to resell the goods to. Lewis J
held that the defendant was entitled to damages for breach of contract based
on its loss of profit and to a declaration of indemnity limited to such
damages as might be found to be legally due from the defendant to a subsequent
purchaser as a result of the non-delivery by the plaintiff.

52 Lewis J’s decision in granting the indemnity declaration was disapproved by
the English Court of Appeal in _Trans Trust SPRL v Danubian Trading Co Ltd_
[1952] 2 QB 297 (“ _Trans Trust_ ”). In that case, the plaintiff seller had
sought to be indemnified by the defendant buyer against any liability that the
plaintiff might have had _vis-à-vis_ its own seller as a result of the
defendant’s failure to procure the opening of credit. At first instance, the
trial judge granted the declaration claimed by the plaintiff. This was,
however, reversed by the English Court of Appeal on the basis that the damage
was too remote. The Court of Appeal further observed that even if that head of
damage was recoverable (_ie_ , in the event that it was not too remote), it
would _not_ be correct to make a declaration of indemnity. Somervell LJ stated
the law as follows at 303:

... The problem can be shortly stated. B sues C for breach of contract. The
court holds that B is entitled as against C to recover damages in respect of
B's liability to A arising out of C's breach of contract. At the time of the
hearing B is not in a position to call evidence to quantify this damage. There
may be some cases in which the court can state a principle which makes the
subsequent quantification of this damage simple. On the other hand, difficult
questions may arise, depending, for example, **_(1) on any variation of the
terms of the contract between B and C as between B and A, (2) on the question
whether A took the steps which should have been taken to mitigate damage._**
No declarations ought to prejudice or preclude a proper determination of these
issues, on which the defendants should be entitled to be heard. It might, as
it seems to me, be more satisfactory if there were **_liberty to apply for
directions as to the determination of these issues, if any, and quantification
of damages under this head as between plaintiffs and defendants, should
disputes arise_**. Some order in this form, at any rate, in some cases, might
be **_more satisfactory than a declaration in the form ordered_**.

[emphasis added in bold italics]

Denning LJ also held that in the event where the liability of the seller to a
third party was within the contemplation of the parties, but had not yet been
assessed, the proper order was to reserve that head of damages. It was further
observed that judgment could be entered for the damages already ascertained,
leaving the rest to be ascertained later by the same or another judge (at
307). On this basis, Denning LJ arrived at the conclusion that “it would not
be correct to make a declaration of indemnity”. In the subsequent English
decision of _Deeny and others v Gooda Walker Ltd (in liquidation) and others_
[1995] 1 WLR 1206, Philips J followed _Trans Trust_ and deferred dealing with
the claimants’ future losses until it had been determined (at 1214).

53 More relevant to our jurisprudence, this issue also arose in Singapore in
the Federal Court decision of _Eastern Oceanic Corp Ltd v Orchard Furnishing
House Building Co_ [1965–1967] SLR(R) 25 (“ _Eastern Oceanic_ ”). In that
case, the appellant had undertaken the development of a large housing estate,
including the construction of roads, a septic tank and the requisite sewerage
mains. The respondent had agreed to buy 33 lots in the estate. At first
instance, the High Court reserved certain heads of damages with respect to the
appellant’s failure to construct the roads to the necessary standard and to
provide sewerage mains to serve eight houses. On appeal, one of the issues was
whether it would be more appropriate to order the appellant to indemnify the
respondent in respect of any loss it may suffer, such as any potential claim
for damages by the purchasers of the houses against the respondent as a result
of the appellant’s failure to construct the roads or provide the sewerage
mains. The Federal Court agreed with the High Court’s decision to reserve
those heads of damages with liberty to apply for directions when the real
issues can be determined and damages quantified. The Federal Court examined
the English cases of _Household Machines_ and _Trans Trust_ , before
expressing its agreement with the approach undertaken in the latter decision
(at [18]):

... In that case [_ie_ , _Trans Trust_], Somervell LJ and Denning LJ
disapproved a declaration of indemnity in respect of a possible claim by a
third party who had not at that juncture made a claim. Somervell LJ pointed
out that, when the stage was reached when a precise claim could be made by the
plaintiff against the defendant, _difficult questions might arise depending on
differences in the contracts between plaintiff and defendant as compared with
those made between the plaintiff and the third party (a relevant consideration
in the present case) and on such questions as the obligation of the third
party to mitigate damages_. Logic is on the side of the views expressed by
Somervell LJ and Denning LJ that _the issue should be reserved with liberty to
apply for directions when the real issues can be determined and damages
quantified_. The order of the High Court should therefore stand. Presumably,
the situation in regard to claims by third parties should soon be clarified
once the work to be completed by the appellant has been done.

[emphasis added]

54 In any event, the Federal Court also explained the outcome in _Household
Machines_ on the basis that “the third party had already _made a claim_ , but
the amount was liable to be increased because of possible claims on the third
party by subpurchasers” [emphasis added] (at [17]). The Judge was bound by the
decision in _Eastern Oceanic_ , and if it had been cited to her, she would no
doubt have followed it. This court is in a position not to follow _Eastern
Oceanic_ if we are of the view that in principle the decision is wrong, even
though it has stood for 50 years. _Trans Trust_ has stood even longer, and is
still good law in England. Accordingly, we are of the view that in principle
and/or good practice, the Judge erred in granting the order of indemnity on
the facts of this case. Furthermore, the form of the indemnity order appears
open-ended as it does not expressly provide for the Appellant to be joined as
a third party in the event that FLS commences proceedings against the
Respondent for payment of freight and/or detention charges.

55 In _Eastern Oceanic_ , the Federal Court affirmed the decision of the High
Court to reserve the damages the plaintiff might have to pay third parties,
with liberty to apply for directions when the real issues can be determined
and damages quantified. In the present case, we do not think that a
reservation is necessary. It is not necessary for any action by FLS to be
heard before the Judge. No claim has been made. If and when FLS brings an
action against the Respondent, it will no doubt join the Appellant as a third
party to the proceedings.

Conclusion

56 For the reasons set out above, the appeal is allowed in part in relation to
the order of indemnity. Otherwise, the appeal is dismissed.

57 The Appellant is to pay 80% of the costs of the Respondent in this appeal.
We remit the issue of costs in the proceedings below to the Judge to dispose
of.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 31 Jul 2015 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

