Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  _Re_ Conchubar Aromatics Ltd and other matters  
[2015] SGHC 322

Case Number| :| Originating Summons Nos 1064, 1065 and 1066 of 2015  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 17 December 2015  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Aedit Abdullah JC  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Vergis Abraham and Danny Quah (Providence Law Asia LLC)
for the applicants.  
Parties| :|  Conchubar Aromatics Ltd — UVM Investment Corporation — Shefford
Investments Holding Ltd  
  
17 December 2015|  
---|---  
  
Aedit Abdullah JC:

Introduction

1 The three applicant companies applied for and were granted interim stay of
proceedings under s 210(10) of the Companies Act (Cap 50, 2006 Rev Ed) (“the
Companies Act”) for 10 weeks or until earlier discharged, ahead of any
application for the calling of a creditors’ meeting under s 210(1). A
Malaysian decision, _Re Kuala Lumpur Industries Bhd_ [1990] 2 MLJ 180 (“ _Re
KL Industries_ ”) is authority that this can be done. Apparently, although
similar orders have been made in Singapore (see for instance the commentary in
_Woon’s Corporations Law_ (LexisNexis, Looseleaf Ed, 2005, July 2012 Release)
(“ _Woon’s Corporations Law_ ”) at para L [152]), the matter has not been
addressed in written grounds. As the commercial discussions were still being
pursued, the commercially sensitive details have been omitted.

Brief Background

2 The three applicant companies, Shefford Investments Holding Limited, UVM
Investment Corporation, and Conchubar Aromatics Limited, were shareholders in
Jurong Aromatics Corporation Pte Ltd (‘JAC”). These shareholdings, as well as
shareholdings in SK E&C Jurong Investment Pte Ltd, were the primary assets of
the applicants.

3 JAC ran into difficulties, eventually being put into receivership in
September 2015. The Applicants themselves were similarly in some difficulty.
While JAC and the Applicants faced difficulties, the Applicants hoped that a
restructuring proposal would rehabilitate their position.

The Application

4 As matters were still being negotiated and discussed among various parties,
a moratorium was necessary to protect the Applicants’ ability to continue
their efforts at restructuring. The Applicants argued that a restraint order
under s 210(10) of the Companies Act could be granted independent of the
calling of a meeting under 210(1), citing _Re KL Industries_. It is authority
for the proposition that a restraint order may be issued if there is a
proposal which gives more than a general layout of the scheme and the
applicant was acting _bona fide_. The fact that the applicants were foreign
companies would not obstruct the granting of a moratorium, as there was
sufficient nexus to Singapore such that these companies were liable to be
wound up under the Act: Re _TPC Korea Co Ltd_ [2010] 2 SLR 617 (“ _Re TPC_ ”)
at [12].

5 In the present case the restructuring proposal put forward to the Court was
sufficiently particularised to merit due consideration by the creditors. The
restructuring would confer some benefit to the Applicants' creditors, who
would otherwise obtain nothing. _Bona fides_ was shown by the fact that the
restraint was to be operative for as short a period as possible to allow
discussions to be finalised as to the proposal and the s 210(1) application to
be filed and heard. No prejudice would occur to the Applicants' creditors if
the order was granted.

6 A creditor, SK Engineering & Construction Co, Ltd appeared, but did not
contest the application for the moratorium at this time.

The Decision

7 I granted a restraint order in respect of each of the three applications,
operative for 10 weeks, unless discharged earlier, with a status conference
fixed for an update on the situation. Further status conferences will be
ordered as needed. I was satisfied that a restraint order could be granted
under s 210(10) even if no application had yet been made under s 210(1),
provided that there was a proposal sufficiently detailed as to indicate there
was something definitive that could be put to the creditors shortly, and the
application was made _bona fides_.

Analysis

The ambit of s 210(10)

8 Section 210(10) of the Companies Act reads:

**Power of Court to restrain proceedings**

(10) Where no order has been made or resolution passed for the winding up of a
company and any such compromise or arrangement has been proposed between the
company and its creditors or any class of such creditors, the Court may, in
addition to any of its powers, on the application in a summary way of the
company or of any member or creditor of the company restrain further
proceedings in any action or proceeding against the company except by leave of
the Court and subject to such terms as the Court imposes.

The provision, in so far as the present circumstances apply, thus permits, the
Court to order the restraining of further proceedings, if:

(i) There has been no order or resolution for the winding up of the company;
and

(ii) An arrangement has been proposed between the company and its creditors.

Section 210(10) does not expressly require that there be any application under
s 210(1) – it only refers to the proposal of an arrangement, not its actual
presentation at a meeting of creditors or approval by that meeting.

9 Section 210(1) itself distinguishes the proposal of a compromise or
arrangement from the convening of a meeting:

Where a compromise or arrangement is proposed between a company and its
creditors or any class of them or between the company and its members or any
class of them, the Court may, on the application in a summary way of the
company or of any creditor or member of the company, or, in the case of a
company being wound up, of the liquidator, order a meeting of the creditors or
class of creditors or of the members of the company or class of members to be
summoned in such manner as the Court directs.

There is nothing in the language of s 210(1) and s 210(10) which indicates
that s 210(10) is to be dependent or contingent on s 210(1). What each does
require is that there be a proposal of a compromise or arrangement only.

10 Therefore, while there does not appear to be anything in our Parliamentary
Debates or committee reports that would shed light on how the provisions are
to be interpreted, the plain words of the provision contemplate an application
for a restraint order being made independent of an application under s 210(1).

11 The conclusion reached here is thus the same as that in _Re KL Industries_
, which interpreted ss 176(1) and 176(10) of the Companies Act 1965 (No 79 of
1965) (M’sia), provisions _in pari materia_ with ss 210(1) and 210(10) of the
Companies Act respectively. In that case, it was argued by a creditor of a
group of companies that had obtained a s 176(10) order that the court had no
jurisdiction to do unless a s 176(1) application had been made. VC George J
concluded that applications under the two subsections could be made
independent of each other. What was required, following _Re GAE Pty Ltd_
[1962] VR 252 (“ _Re GAE_ ”), was that the particulars of the scheme gave more
than a general layout, so that the court would be able to determine if the
scheme was feasible, and that the intention to invoke the section was _bona
fide_.

Particularity of the proposal

12 It is only necessary that the proposal is detailed enough to allow the
Court to consider its feasibility. As noted in _Re GAE_ , completeness is not
required. It is to be expected that refinements and modifications will be
needed before any meeting is sought. Further, I did not think that feasibility
had to be decided conclusively: close scrutiny of the merits of the proposal
or its viability and likely acceptance by the creditors should not be carried
out at this stage. The Court would otherwise need to place itself in the shoes
of different creditors with different exposures, commercial motivations and
appetites for risks. Instead, what the Court needed to assess was whether on
the face of the proposal the Court could conclude that there was a reasonable
prospect of the scheme working and being acceptable to the general run of
creditors. So long as the court could make this broad brush assessment,
sufficient particularity would have been given.

13 I was satisfied that the proposal put forward by the Applicants was
sufficiently detailed and particularised, showing how greater benefit could
potentially be derived by the creditors than if the Applicants were to be
wound up. On the surface of things, the proposal appeared viable. For these
reasons, it would seem that the proposal had a reasonable prospect of working
and benefiting the creditors.

Bona fide proposal

14 The court should be careful to ensure that there is no attempt to game the
system by companies seeking the benefit of s 210(10) restraint orders without
putting forward a serious proposal. The need to ensure _bona fides_ was
clearly laid out in _Re KL Industries_. _Bona fides_ is not mentioned in s
210(10), but ensuring it is an integral part of the court’s inherent
jurisdiction to prevent abuses of its processes.

15 It should also be clear that an application under s 210(1) should be made
shortly thereafter and if not, a sufficient explanation and proposed timelines
should be given. Here, the Applicants committed to a 10 week timeline, and
volunteered to appear in court on a regular basis to provide updates.

16 In the present case, there was nothing that would indicate that the
proposal was not _bona fide_. The particularisation has been examined above.
Sufficient particularisation is relevant to the assessment of _bona fides_ ,
as it shows that there is serious intent and thought. There was nothing either
that indicated that the proposal was so bad that it would likely be rejected
outright.

Application to foreign companies

17 I accepted the arguments by the Applicants that the protection of s 210(10)
of the Companies Act and indeed, the whole of s 210, could be obtained by
companies incorporated overseas. Section 210(11) defines the term ‘company’ in
s 210 to mean ‘any corporation or society liable to be wound up under this
Act’. In _Re TPC_ , Philip Pillai JC accepted that a s 210(10) restraining
order is available to foreign companies, as a foreign company could be wound
up in Singapore if its assets are in Singapore or there is sufficient
connection. I agree with that analysis.

Miscellaneous issues

18 While this was not raised specifically in the present case, I note that
there is commentary in _Woon’s Corporations Law_ referring to _Re Reid Murray
Acceptance Ltd_ [1964] VR 82 that an application should not be made _ex parte_
but _inter partes_ in a pending action. It would seem that this is premised on
fairness to persons affected by a restraint order, as they would otherwise
need to take the initiative and expense to set aside an _ex parte_ restraint
order. With respect, there is no requirement of that nature specified by the
statute. It may be that the best forum to hear a restraint order may be the
one hearing an on-going proceeding, but in other situations, especially when
there are many creditors and proceedings or potential creditors and potential
proceedings, an _ex parte_ application followed by appropriate setting aside
hearings before a single judge also exercising case management functions may
be the best way to deal with a complex situation.

19 The need for proper case management would also be a matter that would
influence the Court’s determination of whether there are terms that should be
further imposed. The issue did not arise in the present case as the Applicants
volunteered a specified timeline and to appear in court for status updates. In
appropriate situations the Court may possibly take proactive measures for
better case management and coordination, either under s 210(10) or any of the
other possible orders under s 210(1) or s 210(3) read with s 210(4).

Orders made

20 In the circumstances of this case, the restraint order was granted for 10
weeks, unless discharged earlier. By the end of the 10 weeks, an application
under s 210(1) for a meeting of creditors should have been made. A status
conference has been ordered, which may be followed by other status conferences
as necessary.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 17 Dec 2015 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

