Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Public Prosecutor _v_ V Shanmugam a/l Veloo and another  
[2015] SGHC 33

Case Number| :| Criminal Case No 6 of 2014  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 03 February 2015  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Choo Han Teck J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Terence Chua, Jasmine Chin-Sabado and Tan Yanying
(Attorney-General's Chambers) for prosecution.; Singa Retnam (Aziz, Tayabali &
Associates) and M Nedumaran (M Nedumaran & Co) for the first accused.; Johan
bin Ismail (Johan Ismail & Company) and Zaminder Singh Gill (Hilborne Law LLC)
for the second accused.  
Parties| :|  Public Prosecutor — V Shanmugam A/L Veloo — Mohd Suief bin Ismail  
  
[LawNet Editorial Note: The appeal to this decision in Criminal Appeal No 2 of
2015 was dismissed by the Court of Appeal on 26 January 2016. See [2016] SGCA
6.]

3 February 2015|  
---|---  
  
Choo Han Teck J:

1 The two accused persons were separately charged for trafficking in
diamorphine on 28 October 2011 but with committing their respective offences
in furtherance of the common intention of both. The first accused is a 30-year
old Malaysian. The second accused is a 46-year old Singaporean. The drugs were
packed in ten packets and the total weight was 4497.7g and the contents were
analysed and found to be diamorphine weighing not less than 28.5g.

2 The two accused were charged under s 5(1)(_a_) of the Misuse of Drugs Act
(Cap 185, 2008 Rev Ed) (“the Act”), read with s 34 of the Penal Code (Cap 224,
2008 Rev Ed), and punishable under s 33 and s 33B of the Act. Section
5(1)(_a_) provides as follows –

Except as authorised by this Act, it shall be an offence for a person, on his
own behalf or on behalf of any other person, whether or not that other person
is in Singapore – (a) to traffic in a controlled drug…

Section 33 provides that any person convicted of an offence of trafficking in
a controlled drug shall be punished according to the relevant provision in the
Second Schedule. Diamorphine is a Class “A” controlled drug as defined in s 2
of the Act, (under “Specified Drug”). The Second Schedule provides that for
offences involving more than 15g of diamorphine, the punishment is death –
unless s 33B applies. Section 33B provides that the court may impose a
sentence other than death in certain circumstances. On conviction, both
accused persons would thus face the death penalty unless s 33B applies to
them.

3 On 28 October 2011, officers from the Central Narcotics Bureau (“CNB”) saw
the second accused carrying a haversack to a bus stop outside the Haw Par
Villa at about 11.25am. About five minutes later, the first accused drove a
car (a Perodua “Kenari”) with the number plate JLT 8467, to the bus stop and
the second accused got into the car.

4 The first accused then drove along Pasir Panjang Road, making several turns
on the way before arriving at a hilltop car park at the National University of
Singapore. The car stopped there for about five minutes before going back onto
Pasir Panjang Road from South Buona Vista Road. The Kenari was then seen going
into an Esso petrol station along Pasir Panjang Road.

5 The car was parked near the air pumps in the petrol station. CNB officers
observing the car reported that a man came out of the car and walked into the
convenience store. Inspector Sea Hoon Cheng testified that it was the second
accused who went into the convenience store. The car left the petrol station
about 12.12pm and drove along Pasir Panjang Road and the West Coast Highway.
It stopped finally at a car park at Block 405, Pandan Gardens.

6 The second accused was seen leaving the car and walking to Block 405. He was
carrying a black plastic bag with a golden logo. CNB officers moved in and
arrested both accused persons. The first accused was arrested in the car. The
haversack carried by the second accused when he first entered the Kenari along
Pasir Panjang Road was found on the floor mat of the front passenger seat.
Three black plastic bundles were found in the haversack. Two black plastic
bags were also found in it as well as one newspaper wrapped bundle. The black
plastic bundles and the newspaper wrapped bundles were found to contain
granular substances analysed to be diamorphine.

7 The second accused was arrested outside his mother’s flat, unit #13-34 of
Block 405 Pandan Gardens. The officers searched the Block for the black
plastic bag that the second accused was carrying when he went to Block 405,
and eventually found it among some flower pots on the staircase landing
between the seventh and eighth floors. It was searched and found to contain
three newspaper wrapped bundles containing granular substances. In total, the
ten drug exhibits were analysed and found to contain not less than 28.5g of
diamorphine.

8 The forensic evidence from Dr Alaric Koh of the Health Sciences Authority
showed that the newspaper wrapping found in the haversack could have been from
the same set of newspapers as those used to wrap the diamorphine found in the
black plastic bag on the staircase landing. The observations and conclusion
are found in paragraph 6 of the report marked as P83. The observations of Dr
Alaric Koh were based on a “comparison of characteristics, manufacturing cut
edges and possible ink transfers”. Forensic evidence also showed that the
clear plastic bags containing the ten packets of diamorphine were manufactured
by the same machine. The heat seals on the clear plastic bags were also from
the same sealing machine.

9 The DNA of the first accused was found on both sides of the tapes used to
bundle one of the black plastic bundles in the haversack. His DNA was also
found on the interior surface of the black plastic bag of one of the three
black plastic bundles in the haversack. In his statements to the police, he
admitted helping to put the black plastic bundles into the haversack. However,
he denied that he knew what were in those bundles. He also referred to the
person with the haversack who got into his car, and whom he helped, as “Ah
Boy”. The second accused testified that he got into the car driven by an
Indian man at the date and time stipulated in the charge. He admitted that he
was given a black plastic bag by that Indian man and told to put it along the
staircase of the 6th or 7th storey of Block 405. He opened the black plastic
bag and saw three bundles wrapped in newspapers. He denied knowing what were
in the three bundles and stated that he did not ask the Indian man what they
contained.

10 On the evidence adduced above, I was satisfied that the prosecution had
proved its case against both accused as charged. The identity of the two
persons in the Kenari car were not disputed and I thus find that the
prosecution had proven the fact that the diamorphine were in the possession of
both accused when they were in the car and that they transported the
diamorphine from the Esso Station to Pandan Gardens with the common intention
of trafficking in the drugs. I thus called upon both accused to enter upon
their defence. They elected to testify.

11 The first accused raised the defence of ignorance. He claimed that he did
not know that the plastic bags contained drugs and that he had no common
intention of trafficking drugs with the second accused. His case was that the
drug trafficking transaction that day was carried out by the second accused
and coordinated by one Puni. The first accused admitted in his statements to
the CNB that he knew Puni but asserted his association with Puni as innocuous.
He accepted Puni’s offer to deliver the car to his (Puni’s) friend, “relax for
about an hour and I could drive the car back to Malaysia after his friend
returned it”. He claimed that Puni told him that his friend needed the car to
deliver some personal documents. The first accused was suspicious and asked
Puni what sort of documents they were. According to the first accused, Puni
pulled out a bunch of documents which seemed like documents relating to
property transactions and showed them to him.

12 The first accused stated that on the material day, 28 October 2011, Puni
showed him the documents and said that they were illegal and that was why the
transaction had to be hidden behind the speakers in the car. He told the first
accused that his job was to drive the car from Malaysia to Singapore and pass
the car to “Ah Boy” and wait for “Ah Boy” to return the car to him, after
which, he was to drive it back to Malaysia. At trial, the first accused
identified the second accused as “Ah Boy”. He picked up the second accused at
Pasir Panjang Road and drove him around until they arrived at the Esso Station
where he got out. He went into the convenience store to buy drinks. He
testified that when he returned to the car, he saw that the boot was open and
he asked the second accused what he was doing. The second accused told him
that he was pumping air into the tyres. The first accused then got back into
the car where he saw “some black coloured bundles on the front passenger
seat”. He testified that he put the black bundles into the haversack for the
second accused because he was asked to help. The second accused then asked him
to drive to Block 405 which he did. There, the second accused took some
bundles from the haversack and left but told the first accused to wait for
him.

13 The second accused similarly raised the defence of ignorance. He had taken
a ride from the Indian man driving the Kenari and when he arrived at Block
405, the Indian man took out a black plastic bag from the rear passenger seat
and gave it to him. He was instructed to leave it at the staircase of the 6th
or 7th floor of Block 405. He testified that he met the Indian man, who he now
identified as the first accused, on 28 October 2011 with the view of having
lunch with him. He then testified that after getting into the Kenari, the
first accused drove him along various roads, finally ending at the Esso
Station where he got out and went into the convenience store to buy a drink.
When he returned to the car he saw that the boot was open but there was
nothing suspicious about it. There was no cogent reason why he agreed to meet
the first accused that day. He had only met the first accused once before and
had no business with him. The only connection was the vague, almost implied,
belief that the first accused was going to help him find work.

14 For the accused persons to rebut the presumption of trafficking in the
drugs found in their possession their explanations must be cogent and
consistent. I am not satisfied that they were. By the second accused’s
account, the first accused agreed to meet the second accused on that day for
the purpose of lunching with him. Their conduct – driving around and making
stops in a car park and a petrol station – was not convincing. They spent all
the time driving aimlessly and making the two stops and then decided that that
they no longer had time for lunch.

15 The second accused testified that when he returned from the convenience
store to the Kenari car and saw the black bundles in the passenger seat he
“was shocked”. Even without any explanation acceptable to him, he helped put
those bundles into his haversack. Then he said, astonishingly, that he was
late for his Friday prayers near his mother’s home. The first accused took him
there and asked that he drop a few bundles off at the 6th floor staircase.
There is no doubt in my mind that the second accused person’s story that he
was meeting the first accused for lunch, and the first accused person’s story
that he met the second accused on 28 October 2011 only because their common
friend Puni told him that the second accused wanted to meet him, are
inherently contradictory.

16 Evidence that is required to corroborate testimony will sometimes contain
conflicting aspects, but they may not be rejected as untruthful if there are
reasons for the discrepancies that the finder of fact accepts. Some of the
strangest stories ever told have turned out to be true; and some of the vilest
lies have been sold through the mouths of straight faces. Fact-finding is a
practised art, and it is probably impossible to discuss that subject
comprehensively in this judgment. It is also not necessary to do so here
because there is a crucial lie that further unravelled the defences of both
the accused persons. Inspector Sea of the CNB testified that he saw the second
accused walk into the Cheers convenience store after the Kenari stopped at the
Esso Station. Neither accused denied that they went to the Esso Station, but
both claimed to be the one who went into the convenience store. The reason for
that claim was evident as they both knew that the black plastic bundles
appeared on the passenger seat while the person in the driver’s seat was alone
in the car. Both accused tried to disassociate themselves from the appearance
of the drugs.

17 Taking into account the evidence of Inspector Sea, I am inclined to believe
that it was the second accused who went into the convenience store. So it was
likely that the second accused was telling the truth on this point and the
first accused had told the lie. Further, the second accused testified that he
saw the first accused closing the boot of the car. This was, in an unintended
way, corroboration of the first accused’s evidence that Puni had previously
hidden documents in the speakers in the boot. On this occasion, the first
accused denied checking the boot because that would directly implicate him.

18 Although the second accused was likely to be telling the truth in saying
that he and not the first accused went into the convenience store, his
evidence thereafter raised questions that were not answered. He said that he
returned to the car and saw black bundles that shocked him, but he did not
protest when the first accused told him that he needed to put some of the
bundles inside his (the second accused) haversack. He said that he merely
unzipped the haversack and the first accused put some of the black bundles
into it. This part of his evidence was to explain the bundles found in his
haversack. Instead of protesting, the second accused said that he was already
late and needed to go for his Friday prayers. When they arrived at Pandan
Gardens the first accused reached over the passenger seat and took a black
plastic bundle which he handed to the second accused and told him to place on
the flower pots between the 6th and 7th floor staircase landing. The second
accused did just that and then went up to his mother’s flat where he was
arrested.

19 I do not believe that the first accused would have so readily dropped off
the black plastic bag (with the drugs) at the staircase landing in Pandan
Gardens, a place that, from the evidence, was determined by chance for that
was where the second accused told him he was headed. The second accused
repeated that he was late for his prayers at least twice but his general
evidence suggested otherwise, not least because he did not say what exactly at
what time he needed to be at the mosque and why that time could not be changed
or his prayers delayed, but also because he went for what appeared to be a
pointless car ride and stopover. He hardly knew the first accused; he had no
specific reason to meet the first accused on that day other than for a lunch
date which he did not seem to care much about and which was cancelled because
he was late for his prayers.

20 The absence of a common purpose of the meeting between the two accused
persons is a strong indictment in itself in the circumstances, but their
respective versions, already weakened by their mutual contradictions, do not
make sense even on their own. I am thus satisfied beyond reasonable doubt that
both accused knew that the black plastic bags contained diamorphine and they
acted with the common intention of trafficking in them in the manner of the
second accused dropping part of them off at Block 405 Pandan Gardens. I do not
think that their testimonies raised any reasonable doubt as to whether they
had the diamorphine for the purposes of trafficking. I thus found them guilty
and convicted them as charged.

21 The facts as I have found also suggest that the involvement of the two
accused were probably restricted to the acts described in s 33B(2)(_a_)(i) of
the Misuse of Drugs Act, (Cap 185, 2008 Rev Ed), namely, the mere transporting
and delivering of the drugs. By virtue of s 33B(1) the mandatory death penalty
will not apply if the accused satisfies the condition in s 33B(2)(a)(i) - as
the two accused before me have – and the Public Prosecutor certifies that he
has also substantively assisted the CNB in disrupting drug trafficking
activities (s 33B(2)(_b_)). In this case, the Public Prosecutor did not object
to the submissions of the accused that they had satisfied s 33B(2)(_a_), but
he will not grant the certificate to the second accused under s 33B(2)(_b_).
That being the case, my finding under s 33B(2)(_a_)(i) will not save the
second accused from the death penalty.

22 However, by the statutory amendments that brought in ss 33B(1) and (2),
there is one further chance for an accused person to escape the death penalty.
Under s 33B(1)(_b_) and s 33B(3), the accused person who has satisfied s
33B(2) but fails to obtain the PP’s certificate of substantial assistance may
be spared the death penalty if he proves that “he was suffering from such
abnormality of mind (whether arising from a condition of arrested or retarded
development of mind or any inherent causes or induced by disease or injury) as
substantially impaired his mental responsibility for his acts and omissions in
relation to the offence”. The two accused applied for psychiatric assessment
at the adjourned hearing in which the parties made their submissions on
sentence.

23 Deputy Public Prosecutor, Mr Terence Chua, did not object to the
application of the first accused because he accepted that a year ago his
counsel had asked for a copy of the prosecution’s psychiatric report although
the Public Prosecutor (“PP”) has no record of receiving the request. However,
Mr Chua objected to the application by the second accused on the ground that
it was only made after conviction. The last avenue of hope rests on the fact
of a mental condition which has to be supported by medical evidence. The court
cannot determine that state without medical evidence and it is not right that
on a matter of life and death, the issue is determined on the basis of an
untested procedure. I therefore granted leave to both accused to obtain
psychiatric evidence.

24 The accused persons were brought before me again on 29 January 2015. Mr
Nedumaran, counsel for the first accused, submitted that his client was only a
courier and Mr Chua stated that he will not challenge that submission and that
the prosecutor has granted the first accused a certificate of substantive
assistance. I find no reason from the evidence to find otherwise. I therefore
sentenced the first accused to the mandatory life imprisonment with effect
from 12 December 2011 and to 15 strokes of the cane under s 33B of the Act.

25 Mr Johan submitted that the second accused was also a courier. Mr Chua does
not dispute this but says that the PP will not be issuing a certificate of
substantive assistance to the second accused. The second accused also did not
produce psychiatric evidence to establish that he was suffering from an
abnormality of mind at the time of the offence. In the circumstances, I have
no discretion but to sentence the second accused to suffer death.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 03 Feb 2015 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

