Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Formula One Licensing BV _v_ Idea Marketing SA  
[2015] SGHC 263

Case Number| :| TA No 22 of 2013  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 13 October 2015  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Tay Yong Kwang J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Raymund A. Anthony and Max Ng (Gateway Law Corporation)
for the appellant; Dedar Singh Gill and Gabriel Ong (Drew & Napier LLC) for
the respondent.  
Parties| :|  FORMULA ONE LICENSING BV — IDEA MARKETING SA  
  
13 October 2015| Judgment reserved  
---|---  
  
Tay Yong Kwang J:

Tribunal Appeal No 22 of 2013 (“TA 22”)

1 Formula One Licensing B.V. (“the appellant”) manages the trade marks for the
FIA Formula One World Championship. In 1997, the Federation Internationale de
l'Automobile (“FIA”) granted the appellant’s group of companies the right to
organise and commercially exploit the championship.[note: 1]

2 Idea Marketing S.A. (“the respondent”) has been the global promoter for the
F1 Powerboat World Championship, a high-octane powerboat racing event, since
1993. The F1 Powerboat Championship started globally in 1981 and is among the
water sport competitions administered by the sporting body Union
Internationale Monoautique (“UIM”).[note: 2]

3 On 28 March 2007, the respondent applied to register “F1H20” (“the
application mark”) in Singapore for goods and services in these classes:[note:
3]

**Class 09**

Sunglasses and spectacles; cords, spectacle frames, lenses and cases for
sunglasses and optical apparatus; apparatus for recording, transmitting and
reproducing sound or images; magnetic recording media, recording discs; data
processing and computer apparatus and equipment, computers; video games, games
for computers and microcomputers; game apparatus for computers and software,
in particular computer games.

**Class 25**

Clothing, footwear, headgear.

**Class 38**

Broadcasting by radio and television, also on digital networks in particular
services directly or indirectly linked to the Internet; telecommunications;
electronic transmission of data, images and sound using computer terminals and
computer networks, also via the Internet and websites.

**Class 41**

Education, training; entertainment; sporting and cultural activities;
direction, management, organization and execution of sporting competitions,
shows, films, games provided online on a computer network.

4 The priority date was 11 January 2007 (“the relevant date”).[note: 4] On 21
August 2009, “F1H20” was accepted and published for opposition purposes.[note:
5] The appellant then commenced opposition proceedings to stop the
registration. The appellant relied on various sections in the Trade Marks Act
(Cap 332, 2005 Rev Ed) (“the TMA”): ss 8(2)(_b_), 8(4)(_b_)(i), 8(4)(_b_)(ii),
8(7)(_a_) and 7(6).[note: 6]

5 The Assistant Registrar of Trade Marks (“the AR”) heard the parties on 30
September 2013. In her grounds of decision dated 19 November 2013 (_In the
Matter of a Trade Mark Application by Idea Marketing S.A. and Opposition
thereto by Formula One Licensing B.V._ [2013] SGIPOS 8) (“the 2013 GD”), she
held that the opposition failed on all grounds and that the application mark
should proceed to registration.[note: 7]

6 The appellant appealed to the High Court in TA 22. In Summons No 2188 of
2014, the appellant applied for leave to adduce further evidence. I heard the
summons and made the following orders dated 22 September 2014:

1\. Further evidence by way of the newspaper articles and the ESPN Agreement
dated 16 September 2005 exhibited in the Affidavit of Sean Joseph Corbett
filed on 30 April 2014 is allowed.

2\. The further evidence will be placed before the Registrar of Trade Marks by
way of written submissions with no cross-examination.

3\. The foreign decisions exhibited in the Affidavit of Sean Joseph Corbett
may be placed before the Registrar of Trade Marks by way of written
submissions and not as further evidence (as agreed by the Defendant).

4\. The remaining portions of Ian De Cotta's book which the Plaintiff is
seeking to admit are disallowed.

5\. The Plaintiff's affidavit of Sean Joseph Corbett and the Defendant's joint
Affidavit of Nicolo’ Costa and Jean Menthonnex are to be admitted and placed
before the Registrar of Trade Marks.

6\. Costs of this hearing are fixed at $5000 with reasonable disbursements to
be paid by the Plaintiff to the Defendant.

7\. Costs of the further hearings to be reserved for the Registrar of Trade
Marks.

7 TA 22 remained pending while the matter was remitted to the Trade Marks
Registry for a rehearing before the same AR with the further evidence on 20
January 2015. She maintained her decision, which was elaborated on in her
grounds of decision dated 15 April 2015 (_Formula One Licensing B.V. v Idea
Marketing S.A._ [2015] SGIPOS 7) (“the 2015 GD”).

8 On 16 July 2015, I heard TA 22 as an appeal against both the 2013 GD and the
2015 GD.

The AR’s decisions

9 In the 2013 GD, the AR found that:

(a) Evidence after 11 January 2007 was irrelevant as the issue was whether the
application mark should proceed to registration as at the date it was deemed
to have been applied for, at 2013 GD at [8].

(b) The appellant’s (_ie_ , the opponent before her) marks that were “earlier
trade marks” under s 2(1)(_a_) of the TMA were its three marks that were
registered before 11 January 2007, at 2013 GD at [46].

(c) The appellant’s marks, specifically the unregistered plain F1 mark, were
not well known in Singapore as at 11 January 2007. So the plain F1 mark did
not qualify as an earlier trade mark under s 2(1)(_b_) of the TMA, at 2013 GD
at [47]–[48], and [76].

(d) The plain F1 mark was descriptive of a particular class or standard of
sport in both motor racing and powerboat racing. She should be cautious in
granting a descriptive mark protection as a well known mark, at 2013 GD at
[59]–[60].

(e) The opposition under s 8(2)(_b_) of the TMA failed as the appellant’s
earlier marks – the three registered marks – were not similar to the
application mark, at 2013 GD at [91].

(f) The opposition under s 8(4)(_b_) of the TMA failed as the appellant’s
marks were not well known in Singapore under s 8(4)(_a_), at 2013 GD at [93].

(g) The opposition under s 8(7) of the TMA failed as the appellant had not
established the requisite goodwill in the tort of passing off, 2013 GD at
[107].

(h) The opposition under s 7(6) of the TMA failed as the appellant had failed
to prove bad faith, 2013 GD at [120].

10 In the 2015 GD, the AR found that:

(a) Distinctiveness, whether inherent or acquired, played an important role in
determining if the plain F1 mark could be considered a trade mark. To qualify
as a trade mark, the plain F1 mark must be capable of distinguishing goods or
services (see definition of “trade mark” in s 2 of the TMA), _ie_ , the plain
F1 mark must be capable of distinguishing the appellant’s motor races, at 2015
GD at [27].

(b) The further evidence showed that there were at least two possible
undertakings – the appellant’s motor race and the respondent’s powerboating
event – that the relevant sector of the public would associate with the plain
F1 mark and therefore, it was not distinctive of the appellant alone, 2015 GD
at [69].

(c) In view of the evidence, the plain F1 mark was unable to perform the basic
function of distinguishing the appellant’s goods or services from those of its
competitors. It was therefore not in the public interest to allow the
appellant to register and obtain a monopoly on words and phrases which other
traders might wish to use for their goods and services, 2015 GD at [72].

(d) The plain F1 mark was not distinctive of the appellant’s goods and/or
services alone. There was also evidence that it simply referred to a certain
standard associated with motor sport or powerboating. As such, it had not been
used as a trade mark and did not satisfy the definition in s 2 of the TMA. So
it was unnecessary to consider if the mark was a “well known” trade mark under
s 2 of the TMA. Therefore, the mark did not qualify as an “earlier trade mark”
such that it could be considered under s 8(2)(_b_) or s 8(4)(_b_)of the TMA,
2015 GD at [73].

(e) There was no pre-trading activity that was sufficient to constitute
goodwill for the purpose of s 8(7)(_a_) of the TMA on the basis of the new
evidence, 2015 GD at [82].

The appellant’s arguments on appeal

11 In this originating summons, the appellant appealed on the grounds that:

a. The AR erred in fact and/or law in holding that the Plaintiff’s “F1” Trade
Marks (hereinafter “the Plaintiff’s Marks”) are not well known in Singapore;

b. The AR erred in fact and/or law in holding that the Plaintiff’s Marks are
not well known to the “relevant sector of the public” in Singapore;

c. The AR erred in fact and/or law in holding that there was no similarity
between the Defendant’s Mark and the Plaintiff’s Marks;

d. The AR erred in fact and/or law in holding that the Plaintiff has not
established the requisite goodwill in Singapore; and/or

e. The AR erred in fact and/or law by not finding that the Defendant applied
for Trade Mark Application No. T0715123H in bad faith.

12 At the hearing before me, the appellant submitted that the salient points
of its appeal were:

(a) The AR failed to consider if the unregistered mark – the plain F1 mark –
was a well known trade mark as at the relevant date, and thus an earlier trade
mark for the purpose of opposition proceedings under the TMA;

(b) The AR at the rehearing failed to properly consider the further evidence,
which indicates that the plain F1 mark was well known to the relevant sector
of the public, if not the public at large;

(c) As a result of her finding that the plain F1 mark was not well known in
Singapore as at the relevant date, the AR failed to consider the rest of the
inquiry under s 8(4)(_b_) of the TMA; and

(d) The AR erred in finding that there was no goodwill in the plain F1 mark
and as a result of her finding, she failed to consider the rest of the inquiry
in the tort of passing off.

The decision of the court

The appellant’s earlier trade marks

13 The priority date claimed for the application mark is 11 January 2007.
Therefore, the appellant’s earlier trade marks for the purpose of opposition
proceedings are its trade marks that predated 11 January 2007, the relevant
date.[note: 8] Therefore, I agree with the AR that evidence that post-dates
the relevant date is irrelevant to the opposition proceedings: see 2013 GD at
[8].

14 The appellant has three registered trade marks that can be considered
earlier trade marks for the purpose of opposition proceedings, as they were
registered before the relevant date. These trade marks, which were registered
on 5 September 1997 (priority claim: 30 May 1997) are:[note: 9]

![](data:image/png;base64,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)

15 The appellant contends that the plain F1 mark – “F1” – is also an earlier
trade mark for the purpose of opposition proceedings. “F1” was in fact
registered on 10 May 2007, after the relevant date.[note: 10] The question is
whether as at the relevant date, “F1” qualifies as an earlier, albeit
unregistered, mark.

Whether the plain F1 mark is an earlier trade mark

16 Under s 2(1) of the TMA, an “earlier trade mark” is:

(a) a registered trade mark or an international trade mark (Singapore), the
application for registration of which was made earlier than the trade mark in
question, taking account (where appropriate) of the priorities claimed in
respect of the trade marks; or

(b) a trade mark which, at the date of application for registration of the
trade mark in question or (where appropriate) of the priority claimed in
respect of the application, was a well known trade mark,

and includes a trade mark in respect of which an application for registration
has been made and which, if registered, would be an earlier trade mark by
virtue of paragraph (_a_) subject to its being so registered.

17 Therefore, to qualify as an earlier trade mark, the plain F1 mark must be a
well known trade mark as at the relevant date. If so, the appellant may rely
on it as an earlier trade mark – and not only on its three registered marks –
to oppose the registration of the application mark.

Whether the plain F1 mark is a well known trade mark

18 Under s 2(1) of the TMA, a “well known trade mark” means:

(a) any registered trade mark that is well known in Singapore; or

(b) any unregistered trade mark that is well known in Singapore and that
belongs to a person who —

(i) is a national of a Convention country; or

(ii) is domiciled in, or has a real and effective industrial or commercial
establishment in, a Convention country,

whether or not that person carries on business, or has any goodwill, in
Singapore;

19 Therefore, an unregistered trade mark that is well known in Singapore can
be an earlier trade mark.

WHETHER THE PLAIN F1 MARK IS A DESCRIPTIVE MARK THAT HAS NOT ACQUIRED
DISTINCTIVENESS

20 The respondent submits that the plain F1 mark is descriptive, which impacts
on whether it is the appellant’s earlier/well known trade mark as at the
relevant date.[note: 11] Being descriptive, the plain F1 mark can become well
known only if it has acquired distinctiveness through use. The term “F1” is
descriptive as its primary meaning refers to a set of motor racing standards.
While “F1” may have acquired a lot of use here today (the annual F1 night
races started in September 2008 with the 2008 Formula 1 Singtel Singapore
Grand Prix), the question is to be answered with reference to the relevant
date.

21 In support of its argument, the respondent cites the High Court’s decision
in _Societe Des Produits Nestlé SA and another v Petra Foods Ltd and another_
[2014] SGHC 252 (“ _Nestle_ ”).[note: 12] In _Nestle_ , the court held:

239 The use and promotion of the trade mark is only a factor among several to
be considered when deciding whether a trade mark is “well known in Singapore.”
Moreover, sub-ss 2(7)(_b_)(i) and (ii) of the TMA refer to “ _any_ use of the
trade mark” and “ _any_ promotion of the trade mark”. This implies that use of
the trade mark is not mandatory, and, in any event, the aforementioned sub-
sections do not say that it must necessarily be limited only to use or
promotion _in Singapore_ before the trade mark can become well known in
Singapore. Many in Singapore travel overseas for business or pleasure and with
the internet, they are readily exposed to products not sold or promoted within
Singapore. A trade mark may be well known in Singapore though products bearing
the trade mark may not be sold or promoted locally and the trade mark has not
been used as a trade mark in Singapore. It was also stated in _Amanresorts_ at
[137] that the court is “ordinarily free to disregard any or all of the
factors listed in s 2(7) as the case requires”. Of all the factors enumerated
in s 2(7) of the TMA, it is factor (_a_) that is crucial, which cannot be
ignored, and indeed the Court of Appeal even went on to say that “it appears
that all the other factors listed in s 2(7) are irrelevant once it is
determined that the trade mark in question is well known to ‘any relevant
sector of the public in Singapore’” (_Amanresorts_ at [139] and [140]). This
must mean that a trade mark can become well known in Singapore even if the
proprietor makes no use of it in this country, whether in a trade mark sense
or not.

240 So if the trade mark is inherently distinctive or _de facto_ distinctive
though acquisition of distinctiveness, a requirement of use cannot be read as
a requirement before making the finding that it is well known. However, I
think what the defendants mean is that a mark, not inherently distinctive, but
capable of distinguishing a trader’s goods or services as originating from
that trader must first be factually distinctive through acquisition of a
distinctive character under s 7(2) before it can be considered to be well
known. If the mark is not inherently distinctive but is capable of
distinguishing a trader’s goods, it can only acquire distinctiveness through
use. So if there is no evidence of trade mark use for such marks to be at
least distinctive enough to be registrable in Singapore as a trade mark, then
the question of whether they are well known cannot arise. This I will accept.

22 In _Nestle_ , the court noted that under s 2(1)(_b_) of the TMA, a well
known trade mark is an unregistered trade mark that is well known in Singapore
(see [18] above). However, the court, in examining the policy behind the
protection of well known trade marks, held that an “unregistered trade mark”
will necessarily imply the exclusion of an unregistered trade mark that is
deemed to be unregistrable under s 7 of the TMA (see _Nestle_ at [231]–[234]).
I turn to s 7(1) of the TMA, which states:

**Absolute grounds for refusal of registration**

7.—(1) The following shall not be registered:

(a) signs which do not satisfy the definition of a trade mark in section 2(1);

(b) trade marks which are devoid of any distinctive character;

(c) trade marks which consist exclusively of signs or indications which may
serve, in trade, to designate the kind, quality, quantity, intended purpose,
value, geographical origin, the time of production of goods or of rendering of
services, or other characteristics of goods or services; and

(d) trade marks which consist exclusively of signs or indications which have
become customary in the current language or in the bona fide and established
practices of the trade.

23 Under s 7(1)(_a_), a mark cannot be registered if it does not meet the
definition of a trade mark in s 2(1), which defines a trade mark as:

“trade mark” means any sign capable of being represented graphically and which
is capable of distinguishing goods or services dealt with or provided in the
course of trade by a person from goods or services so dealt with or provided
by any other person.

24 Under ss 7(1)(_b_)–(_d_), inherently non-distinctive marks are also
rejected if they are devoid of distinctive character, descriptive of some
quality or characteristic of the goods or services in question and have become
customary in the current language or established practices of the trade: see
Ng-Loy Wee Loon, _Law of Intellectual Property of Singapore_ , (Sweet &
Maxwell, 2nd Ed, 2014) (“ _Law of Intellectual Property of Singapore_ ”) at
para 21.3.22.

25 However, under s 7(2) of the TMA, marks caught by ss 7(1)(_b_)–(_d_) can be
registered if they have acquired distinctive character as a result of the use
made of them, _ie_ , _de facto_ distinctiveness.

26 On distinctiveness, the respondent relies on the Court of Appeal case of
_Staywell Hospitality Group Pty Ltd v Starwood Hotels & Resorts Worldwide, Inc
and another and another appeal_ [2014] 1 SLR 911 (“ _Staywell_ ”).[note: 13]
In _Staywell_ , the court stated that distinctiveness refers to the capacity
of a mark to act as a badge of origin; this capacity can either be inherent or
acquired through use. The court held (at [24]):

Distinctiveness in the technical sense on the other hand, usually stands in
contradistinction to descriptiveness. Where the latter connotes words that
describe the goods or services in question, or of some quality or aspect
thereof, the former refers to the capacity of a mark to function as a badge of
origin. Distinctiveness can be inherent, usually where the words comprising
the mark are meaningless and can say nothing about the goods or services; or
acquired, where words that do have a meaning and might well say something
about the good or services, yet come to acquire the capacity to act as a badge
of origin through long-standing or widespread use (see _Windsurfing Chiemsee
Produktions- und Vertriebs GmbH v Boots- und Segelzubehör Walter Huber and
Franz Attenberger_ [1999] ETMR 585 (ECJ), _Love & Co Pte Ltd v The Carat Club
Pte Ltd_ [2009] 1 SLR(R) 561 at [98]–[100] and _Hai Tong_ ([18] supra) at
[32]–[33]).

27 In _Windsurfing Chiemsee Produktions- und Vertriebs GmbH v Boots- und
Segelzubehör Walter Huber and Franz Attenberger_ [1999] ETMR 585 (ECJ), the
European Court of Justice interpreted Article 3(3) of the First Council
Directive 89/104/EEC.[note: 14] This is similar to s 7(2) of the TMA, which
renders registrable an inherently non-distinctive mark if it has acquired
distinctiveness through use (see [25] above). The ECJ held (at [54]) that if
it is found that “a significant proportion of the relevant class of persons
identify goods as originating from a particular undertaking because of the
trade mark, it must hold the requirement for registering the mark to be
satisfied”.

28 In _Nestle_ , the High Court (at [165]) referred to James Mellor _et al_ ,
_Kerly’s Law of Trade Marks and Trade Names_ (Sweet & Maxwell, 15th Ed, 2011)
(“ _Kerly_ ”) when it discussed the meaning of “identify goods as originating
from a particular undertaking because of the trade mark”. The authors made the
following propositions at para 8-027:

We suggest that the Court of Justice will affirm what it said in _Philips_ ,
para.65. Thus, we propose the following propositions:

(1) Mere association with a particular manufacturer is not enough;

(2) The use of the sign must establish, in the perception of the average
consumer, that the product originates from a particular undertaking;

(3) That perception must result from the use of the sign as a trade mark —in
other words, the proprietor must have done something in his use to identify
the sign as being a trade mark, and mere extensive use during a period of
monopoly, without more, is most unlikely to have achieved this.

29 To summarise, a trade mark that is capable of distinguishing a trader’s
goods and services from those of others (thus meeting the definition of a
trade mark in s 2(1) of the TMA) may nevertheless be unregistrable due to s
7(1)(_b_)–(_d_) of the TMA if it is not inherently distinctive, unless it has
acquired distinctiveness through use (thus triggering s7(2)). While _Nestle_
is under appeal, I agree that the meaning of “unregistered trade mark” must
necessarily exclude unregistered trade marks that are unregistrable under s 7.
Therefore, such trade marks, including those that are devoid of
distinctiveness, can never qualify for protection as well known trade marks
under the TMA. Otherwise, to cite an example, immoral and deceptive marks –
which are barred from registration by s 7(4) of the TMA – can receive
protection simply because they are well known. As _Nestle_ held (at [233]):

The indefensibility of the plaintiffs’ position can be further illustrated by
the other absolute grounds for refusal of registration under s 7 of the TMA.
For example, s 7(4) of the TMA bars the registration of a trade mark that is
contrary to _public policy_ , _morality_ or is such a nature as to _deceive_
the public. Surely immoral and deceptive marks (well known or otherwise) can
_never_ be given protection of any sort under the TMA. The plaintiffs’
submission would also, by parity of reasoning, allow for the protection of
marks as well known trade marks that are devoid of any distinctive character
or acquired distinctive character (which I have found to be the case here). It
is obvious that an unregistered mark, though well known, but does not fulfil
the essential function of a trade mark of distinguishing a trader’s goods or
services as originating from that trader, is not capable of being protected as
a well known trade mark. Accordingly, a shape that has not been registered as
a trade mark and is also unregistrable under s 7(1)(_b_) – because the shape
is devoid of any inherent distinctive character and has also not acquired a
distinctive character under s 7(2) – simply cannot enjoy protection merely on
account of the fact that it has become well known in Singapore. [emphasis in
original]

30 I understand that the question of whether the meaning of “unregistered
trade mark” excludes an “unregistrable” mark is one of the issues being
considered by the Court of Appeal in _Nestle_ and that arguments have been
made that it excludes only unregistered marks that are “unregistrable” under
the absolute grounds in s 7 of the TMA and not under the relative grounds in s
8. For the purposes of this judgment, therefore, I confine “unregistrability”
to the absolute grounds in s 7 of the TMA.

31 I now consider the respondent’s submissions that the words “F1” and
“FORMULA 1” are descriptive and lack distinctive character in relation to
sports events and the related goods or services, such as merchandising.[note:
15] The respondent submits that the appellant has provided no evidence to show
that “F1” or its three registered marks have acquired distinctiveness.

32 In the 2013 GD at [59], the AR found that “F1” was descriptive. This led
her to be slow in granting it well known mark protection. She stated:[note:
16]

59 As stated at [49] above, there is tension between the protection of a well
known mark that a trader has made significant investment in and the need to
prevent commercial monopolization of trade marks that are essentially “words
and symbols” insofar that they should be left free to be the subjects of
“everyday commentary, comparison and critique.” I find that the Opponents’
Plain F1 Mark is descriptive and therefore, I should be cautious in granting
the Opponents’ Plain F1 Mark “well known” mark protection.

33 The AR found that the evidence suggested that the plain F1 mark was
“descriptive of a particular class or standard of sport in both motor racing
and powerboat racing” (at [60] of the 2013 GD). She found that the
respondent’s evidence also showed that “F1” was “the name of a particular
standard associated with power boating, as opposed to an invented word to
describe the Applicants’ power boating event” (at [61] of the 2013 GD). This
included:

(i) Article from Straits Times newspaper dated 11 September 2004, “ _Women
making waves_ ”, where Ms Procaccini, one of the managers of the UIM Formula
One Powerboat Championship teams, speaking about women’s participation in the
sport, informs the newspaper that “**[t]here are also many lower divisions
like Formula Two** where [women] can race when they are young and develop
passion, and knowledge of the sport”;

(ii) Article from “Think Magazine” dated 18 August 2004, “ _UIM F1 Powerboat
Championships_ ”, which writes that “[t]he Singapore race forms part of the
UIM F1 Powerboat World Championship with points contributing to the overall
World ranking, similar to F1 Cars. **Drivers from more than 14 countries
compete in a sport which puts them at the pinnacle of their careers, with many
having started off in F2 and F4 before reaching the heady heights of Formula
1** ”; and

(iii) Article from I-S Magazine dated 10 September 2004, “Too Fast Too
Furious”, where powerboat racer Massimiliano Moreschi stated in an interview:
“When I am not travelling on the F1 Powerboat circuit, I take part in local
events using **a different class of boats. While these are not as powerful as
F1 boats** , you still get good practice at high speed maneuvering and
reaction times –which helps me prepare for the F1 Championships.”

[emphasis in original]

34 The AR also found that “F1” was used in the context of powerboating in 2003
and 2004, at a time when the appellant’s “Formula 1” mark was already
registered (see 2013 GD at [62]). Numerous newspaper and Internet articles
referred to the respondent’s races as the “F1”/ “FORMULA 1/ONE” powerboat race
in 2003 and 2004. Both powerboating and motor racing were referred to in the
media as “F1” events without any evidence that the public associated “F1” with
motor racing in particular. The news articles that demonstrated the equal use
of “F1” in the context of both sports were:

(i) Article from Straits Times (Sports) dated 11 September 2004, “ _F1 v F1_
”, comparing an F1 car and an F1 powerboat;

(ii) Article from The Sunday Times dated 12 September 2004, “ _Women Making
Waves_ ,” referring to the “Formula Two” tier of powerboat racing and
comparing powerboating with “Formula 1 cars”, which is “a completely different
world” with “so much more money and a lot more ego”;

(iii) Article in The Peak magazine, “ _Precision Masters_ ”, dated 9 September
2004, comparing the points and ranking system of the “UIM F1 Powerboat World
Championships” as being “similar to F1 Cars”;

(iv) Article in The Business Times Singapore, dated 15 March 2003, “
_Powerboat racing is back – with money and glamour in tow_ ”, stating that
“The F1 Powerboat championships is set up in much the same way as Formula One
motor racing”; and

(v) Article in The Business Times Singapore, dated 24 October 2003, “
_Storming the Bay; Come this weekend the Marina Bay area will stage the S'pore
leg of the F-1 Powerboat World Championship after a 11-year hiatus_ ”,
referring to the “F-1 motor races” and later referring to the “UIM F-1
promoter” and the “F-1 contingent”.

[emphasis in original]

35 At the rehearing before the AR, the respondent tendered further evidence
that the plain F1 mark, which is commonly abbreviated from Formula 1 or
Formula One, is descriptive of a class of sport.[note: 17] This
included:[note: 18]

(a) A Wikipedia article on “Formula One” describing the term as referring to
“the highest class of single-seater auto racing”;

(b) A Wikipedia article on “Formula racing”, which explains that “formula
racing” refers to any of several forms of open-wheeled single seater
motorsport;

(c) An article in The New Straits Times in Malaysia dated 26 October 2000
headlined “Close gap between F1 and karting”, which describes the various
tiers of racing such as Formula One, Formula Three and F2000, although the AR
noted that this article referred to the Malaysian market;[note: 19]

(d) An article in The Straits Times dated 24 August 2002 headlined “So you
want to be an F1 driver?” that pertains to the Singapore market and talks
about how drivers move up the various rungs from Formula Three (F3)
upwards;[note: 20] and

(e) An article in The Straits Times dated 31 August 2003 headlined “Mark his
progress on the F1 track”, which discusses how Australian driver Mark Webber
scaled the different tiers of motor sports races, from “Formula Ford”,
“Sportscars”, “F3” and “F3000”.[note: 21]

36 The AR held that the last two articles appeared to corroborate the
conclusion in Wikipedia that the plain F1 mark represented a particular
standard for motor car racing.[note: 22]

37 Moreover, the AR found in the 2015 GD at [69] that the further evidence
showed “at least _two_ possible undertakings that the relevant sector of the
public would _associate_ with the Plain F1 Mark, and therefore, it is not
distinctive of the Opponents alone” [emphasis in original]. For example, it
was reasonable to conclude that in 2005, the relevant sector of the public in
Singapore would associate the plain F1 mark with the respondent’s powerboat
race.[note: 23] She based this on the respondent’s video recordings of its
powerboating championships in 2005, from which she observed the
following:[note: 24]

a) The event was held in the Marina Bay area, which is essentially a
waterfront area overlooking the Central Business District (CBD);

b) The powerboat race was attended by a crowd of people who sat along the
sides of the river;

c) The voice-over to these videos refers to the event as “the 6th annual grand
prix of Singapore” (at 42:43-42:38 of MC-3A);

d) The banners to this event on the video screen refer to it as “F1 UIM World
Championship” and “GP of Singapore”;

e) The Plain F1 Mark appears on one of the boats in the competition, on the
back of a person's t-shirt (in a prominent location), on the commentator’s
microphone on the video screen, on the victory podium (“F1 World Championship
2005”).

38 However, the AR found that at around the same time, the general public
might _also_ have associated the plain F1 mark with motor racing or even more
specific events such as the appellant’s championship or the Sepang Grand Prix
in Malaysia.[note: 25] For example, television broadcasts of the appellant’s
championship took place in September 2005, the same year and the same month as
the respondent’s powerboat race. The appellant had provided evidence of the
broadcast and newspaper articles in 2005 that made reference to the plain F1
mark in relation to its motor races.

39 The respondent submits that I should uphold the AR’s findings. The plain F1
mark was descriptive and had not acquired distinctiveness. To become
distinctive, it is not enough that a section of the public may associate “F1”
with the appellant or that the motorsports races organised by the appellant
are known as “F1”. That is insufficient to show trade mark significance as it
has to be shown that “F1” signifies trade origin (see _Kerly_ at [28] above).
This, the respondent contends, was not established at both hearings before the
AR.[note: 26] It also highlights that even the appellant itself sees “F1” as
being indicative of a classification of motor sport, rather than as a trade
mark.[note: 27] This was also noted by the AR, who pointed out in the 2013 GD
at [60] that the appellant submitted that “F1” referred to a set of rules
identifying the technical specifications that motor cars must conform to, to
compete in the appellant’s championship. The respondent also states that had
the appellant truly regarded the plain F1 mark as its trade mark, it would
have applied to register “F1” along with the other registered marks in
1997.[note: 28] Further, there is also evidence that “F1” has been used in a
descriptive sense in other sports such as airplane racing.

40 In view of the foregoing, I agree that prior to the relevant date, the
terms “F1” and “Formula 1/One” were descriptive.[note: 29] “F1” was used to
refer to a standard by which vehicles – whether motor cars or powerboats –
were categorised, and the media had not associated “F1” exclusively with the
appellant.[note: 30] Since the plain F1 mark had not acquired distinctiveness
as at the relevant date, s 7 of the TMA rendered it unregistrable, although it
was registered in May 2007, apparently without opposition. However, the
respondent argues that this did not mean the respondent could not subsequently
apply to cancel the registration. Since I accept that an unregistrable mark is
outside the meaning of an “unregistered trade mark” in the TMA (see [29]
above), “F1” was not an unregistered mark that was well known in Singapore,
_ie_ , a “well known trade mark”, by the relevant date. It therefore could not
be an “earlier trade mark” for the purpose of opposition proceedings.

41 Notwithstanding this conclusion, I will consider if the plain F1 mark could
be considered well known based on the factors in s 2 of the TMA.

WHETHER THE PLAIN F1 MARK IS WELL KNOWN IN SINGAPORE

42 As stated above at [18], an unregistered trade mark that is well known in
Singapore is a well known trade mark under s 2(1) of the TMA. Section 2(7)
provides guidance on whether a trade mark is “well known in Singapore”:

Subject to subsection (8), in deciding, for the purposes of this Act, whether
a trade mark is well known in Singapore, it shall be relevant to take into
account any matter from which it may be inferred that the trade mark is well
known, including such of the following matters as may be relevant:

(a) the degree to which the trade mark is known to or recognised by any
relevant sector of the public in Singapore;

(b) the duration, extent and geographical area of —

(i) any use of the trade mark; or

(ii) any promotion of the trade mark, including any advertising of, any
publicity given to, or any presentation at any fair or exhibition of, the
goods or services to which the trade mark is applied;

(c) any registration or application for the registration of the trade mark in
any country or territory in which the trade mark is used or recognised, and
the duration of such registration or application;

(d) any successful enforcement of any right in the trade mark in any country
or territory, and the extent to which the trade mark was recognised as well
known by the competent authorities of that country or territory;

(e) any value associated with the trade mark.

43 While the court must have regard to the list of factors in s 2(7) in
assessing if a trade mark is well known in Singapore, the Court of Appeal in
_Novelty Pte Ltd v Amanresorts Ltd and Another_ [2009] 3 SLR(R) 216 (“
_Amanresorts_ ”) noted (at [137]) that these factors “are not an exhaustive
list” and are “more accurately described as a set of guidelines”.[note: 31]
However, the court (at [140]) held that s 2(7)(_a_) cannot be disregarded
because of the deeming provision in s 2(8), which states:

Where it is determined that a trade mark is well known to any relevant sector
of the public in Singapore, the trade mark shall be deemed to be well known in
Singapore.

44 The court stated (at [140]): “Indeed, it appears that all the other factors
listed in s 2(7) are irrelevant once it is determined that the trade mark in
question is well known to “any relevant sector of the public in Singapore”
(_per_ s 2(7)(_a_))”.

45 As for “relevant sector of the public in Singapore”, s 2(9) of the TMA
provides guidance:

In subsections (7) and (8), “relevant sector of the public in Singapore”
includes any of the following:

(a) all actual consumers and potential consumers in Singapore of the goods or
services to which the trade mark is applied;

(b) all persons in Singapore involved in the distribution of the goods or
services to which the trade mark is applied;

(c) all businesses and companies in Singapore dealing in the goods or services
to which the trade mark is applied.

SECTIONS 2(7)(A) AND 2(8)

46 In the 2013 GD at [57], the AR found that the relevant sector of the public
could minimally include the Singaporean fans who visited the Sepang circuit to
watch the Malaysian leg of the appellant’s motor races. On a broader view, the
relevant sector of the public would also include the Singapore distributors
and readers of the “F1 Racing” magazine in Singapore as well as the actual and
potential consumers of the range of products offered for sale (including
clothing, headgear, bags, stationery, car accessories, personal effects, toys
and games, souvenirs and household items). However, the AR found that the case
did not turn on the definition of the relevant sector of the public as there
was no evidence to show that the plain F1 mark was well known to either group
of people.[note: 32]

47 The respondent submits that this finding is correct[note: 33] and that the
appellant’s evidence prior to the relevant date clearly falls short of the
standard of evidence produced in _Amanresorts_[note: 34] which enabled the
Court of Appeal to find that the “Aman” names were well known in Singapore.
The evidence in _Amanresorts_ , as summarised in the 2013 GD at [52],
included:

(i) Worldwide sales of their goods and services of more than S$39 million in
1995 to more than US$86 million in 2006;

(ii) An international reservations office located in Singapore that handled
approximately 30% to 40% of their global reservations;

(iii) 1,382 Singaporean visitors to Amanusa Bali between 1995 and 2005;

(iv) More than US$3 million spent on promoting and marketing their goods and
services globally;

(v) Newsletter “Amanews” distributed to 2,700 persons in Singapore;

(vi) Marketing strategy to promote the Amanresorts Group to 900 American
Express Centurion members and 4,200 American Express Platinum members in
Singapore; and

(vii) Features in several local publications, such as Asian Style Hotels,
Singapore, in 2005.

48 However, in the present case, the respondent submits that the appellant
provided merely general and unsubstantiated claims on the use of its marks.
Except for two instances, the appellant’s claims make no reference to the
Singapore market (see 2013 GD at [54]):[note: 35]

(a) The publication of a monthly magazine titled “F1 RACING”, which is
“published in numerous countries including Singapore”; and

(b) The grant of an “Asian-wide license, including Singapore”, to a company to
use the F1 logo on a range of products.

49 I agree that the two assertions should not be accorded weight without
evidence of the magazine’s circulation in Singapore and evidence that the
licensee has marketed products in Singapore.[note: 36] The respondent also
rightly points out that while the appellant made claims concerning the grant
of licenses to use its trade marks worldwide, no evidence had been adduced to
the use of the marks in Singapore.[note: 37]

50 I also examined three newspaper articles from the Today newspaper that were
published before the relevant date:

(a) “Singapore pit-stop for F1?” dated 28 March 2006;

(b) “Thumbs up for F1 in S’pore” dated 29 March 2006; and

(c) “Mosley backs F1 in Singapore” dated 31 March 2006.

51 The 28 March 2006 article related the possibility of the appellant’s motor
races taking place in Singapore as early as in 2008. However, this does not
demonstrate that the appellant’s trade marks had become well known by the
relevant date.[note: 38] The 29 March 2006 article states that the Sepang
circuit attracts about 15,000 Singapore fans. However, the origin of this
figure is unclear and does not, without more, show how well known “F1” was in
Singapore.[note: 39] The 31 March 2006 article was an interview with former
FIA president Max Mosley, who stated his support for a Singapore leg of the
Grand Prix. The relevant part of the article reads:

“One important aspect to consider is whether there is a strong fan base for
the sport in the region," Mosley told Today.

“As we have seen from the many Singaporeans who frequent the Malaysian Grand
Prix, this seems to be the case.

“I believe Singapore contributes the biggest number of foreign spectators for
that race.”

52 In the 2013 GD, the AR considered at [71] that the references to
Singaporeans attending the motor races in Malaysia could be “the only piece of
evidence of the use of the “F1” and “FORMULA 1/ONE” in a foreign country that
may contribute to them being well known in Singapore”. However, she found
deficiencies in the evidence:

However, it is unclear from the evidence whether these 15,000 fans represent
the total number of people that visited Sepang Circuit in 2006 alone or
whether they represented an average number of fans each year or the cumulative
number of fans over a few years, since Sepang Circuit’s opening in 1999. In
any event, just **one** reference to the number of fans that visited Sepang
Circuit during one or more years, without any other piece of independent or
corroborative evidence, is insufficient to show that the “F1” and “Formula
1/ONE” marks were well known to the relevant sector of the public in
Singapore. As for the second TODAY newspaper article dated 31 March 2006, the
statements made by Max Mosley are hearsay evidence as he has not deposed any
statutory declaration to confirm the facts stated in the article.
Additionally, these facts are merely a statement of Mr Mosley’s opinion and
are not admissible as evidence that the “F1” and “FORMULA 1/ONE” marks were
well known to the relevant sector of the public in Singapore. No submissions
were made by the Opponents on this particular point.

[emphasis in original]

53 In view of the above, I have no reason to disagree with the AR’s finding
that the plain F1 mark – and the rest of the appellant’s marks – was not well
known to the relevant sector of the public in Singapore. The AR held at [65]
of the 2013 GD:

The Opponents have not adduced sufficient evidence that their Plain F1 Mark
was well known as at 11 January 2007 to the relevant sector of the public in
Singapore. The evidence referred to at [54]-[55] above are merely bare
statements made by the Opponents in relation to the Singapore market. No
further particulars as to the circulation of the “F1 RACING” magazine in
Singapore or the revenue derived from sales of such magazine in Singapore have
been adduced. No supporting documents or other evidence as to either of the
Opponents’ licensing projects in Singapore have been produced by the
Opponents. Accordingly, I find that the Opponents’ Marks, specifically the
“F1” and FORMULA 1/ONE” do not satisfy Section 2(7)(a) of the Act.

54 The appellant urged me to relook the further evidence that the AR reviewed
for the 2015 GD. The appellant submitted that the AR had given short shrift to
its evidence at the re-hearing. The appellant’s contention was that even if
the plain F1 mark was not well known to the public at large, it was well known
to a segment of the Singapore public as at the relevant date.

55 This evidence included an article in the weekend edition of the Today
newspaper dated 16–17 April 2005 that was headlined “S’pore can’t afford to
let casino chance pass us by: MM Lee”.[note: 40] The appellant drew my
attention to the following excerpt:

He cited the decision not to build a Formula 1 circuit in Singapore as a
“mistake” and one that had cost the country money.

“My colleagues and I said: ‘Oh, It’s bad. It’ll teach our drivers to be
reckless. Better not.’ But that was a stupid decision because everybody wants
to be on F1 and they put their names on it … and millions of eyes are watching
F1,” he said.

56 That “millions of eyes are watching” was not in reference to the Singapore
public, but to viewers all over the world. As such, this evidence is too
general to support a finding that “F1” was well known to the relevant sector
of the public in Singapore. In any event, the AR had considered the evidence.
In the 2015 GD at [35], she cited the article in concluding that the appellant
appeared “to be confusing the notion of ‘popularity’ with the technical
meaning of what is ‘well known’”.

57 Another article, dated 7 August 1999, was from The Straits Times. It was on
“Malaysia’s Sepang F1 Circuit” and headlined: “A winner, says Mika
Hakkinen”.[note: 41] Part of the article reads:

The building of the circuit was the idea of Malaysia’s Prime Minister, Datuk
Seri Dr Mahathir Mohamed, who could see the benefits of hosting one round of
the Formula One championship.

With F1 viewership at two billion globally, there is no better way to put the
country in the spotlight.

Moreover, 30,000 foreigners are expected among the spectators in the Malaysian
Grand Prix, which will give tourism a boost.

An estimated 20,000 die-hard fans are said to follow the entire championship
around the world.

58 The appellant’s point was that the figures showed the notoriety of “F1” as
a sport and brand even in 1999, about eight years before the relevant date.
Therefore, the plain F1 mark must at the very least be well known to the
relevant sector of the public. This article suffers from the same deficiency
as the previous article (see [56] above). Moreover, at that time, it is
unclear if racing fans would have taken “F1” to refer _only_ to the
appellant’s motor races and no other sport. In other words, what was “F1” well
known in reference to? As I have found, the appellant’s plain F1 mark was
descriptive and had not acquired distinctiveness. Having reviewed this article
along with other articles, the AR held in the 2015 GD at [47] that the
articles showed that the Singapore public was likely to have associated the
plain F1 mark with motor racing prior to the relevant date. However, she went
on to state at [48]:

All the evidence tendered above relates to the time period between 1992 and
1999 and 2001-2006. However, _during the same period_ , there was evidence of
the Applicants’ use of the Plain F1 Mark in relation to their own powerboating
championship races in Singapore, which were held in 1993, 2003, 2004 and 2005.
Evidence of the same was tendered before me in the opposition proceedings in
**[2013] SGIPOS 8** and has been discussed at [12], [13], [61]-[62]. In
relation to this evidence, I concluded at [60] that the evidence suggests that
the Plain F1 Mark is descriptive of a particular class or standard of sport in
both motor racing and powerboat racing.

[emphasis in original]

59 The appellant also referred to a book written by a local journalist with
the Today newspaper, Ian De Cotta. The book, titled “The Singapore Grand Prix
(50 years in the making)”, was published in September 2008, after the relevant
date.[note: 42] At the first hearing, the appellant had tendered some portions
of the book. The AR noted that the appellant was using the book as “evidence
that proves the existence of historical facts regarding a ‘Singapore Grand
Prix’ in the 1960s – 1970s”.[note: 43] She treated the facts in the book as
hearsay and inadmissible. In my subsequent order to the parties prior to the
rehearing, I disallowed the appellant from admitting the remaining portions of
the book. In its submissions, the appellant states that the information on the
“Singapore Grand Prix” in the 1960s and 1970s can help demonstrate how well
known the “F1” races in Singapore were during the relevant period:[note: 44]

It also can demonstrate that the F1 was a potential player in Singapore prior
to 11 January 2007. The existence of the main fact, that is, whether the ‘F1’
was well-known in Singapore prior to 11 January 2007 can be deduced from such
circumstantial evidence. It sheds light on the public perception of the ‘F1’
event prior to 11 January 2007.

However, I do not think that the book is of assistance to the appellant for
the reason that the motor races were referred to as the “Singapore Grand
Prix”.

60 The appellant also tendered a television rights agreement in respect of the
2006–2010 FIA Formula One Championship with ESPN Star Sports to broadcast the
championship in Asia, including in Singapore.[note: 45] The agreement was
entered into on 16 September 2005.[note: 46] The appellant submits that the
agreement, _inter alia_ , allows ESPN Star Sports to undertake that its
website and printed materials will display the following trade mark
notice:[note: 47]

4\. The Licensee undertakes that the Printed Materials and an agreed location
on the Licensee’s Website will display the following trade mark notice:

**_“FORMULA 1, F1, the F1 Formula 1 and device, the FIA FORMULA ONE WORLD
CHAMPIONSHIP and device and the FORMULA 1 Title Mechanisms and designs are the
trade marks of FORMULA ONE Licensing B.V. a FORMULA ONE Group Company and are
used under license. All rights reserved”._**

[emphasis in original]

61 In the 2015 GD at [46], the AR observed that the agreement was a private
contract that cannot confer trade mark rights – which are obtained through
registration or asserted as a common law right through use as a trade mark –
on the appellant. Without more, the agreement is insufficient to allow an
inference that “F1” was well known or recognised by the relevant sector of the
public, especially given that the plain F1 mark was associated with at least
two undertakings prior to the relevant date (see above at [37]-[38]).

62 Hence, I find that the appellant’s plain F1 mark was not well known or
recognised by the relevant sector of the public in Singapore as at the
relevant date. It follows that it cannot be deemed as a mark that is well
known in Singapore pursuant to s 2(8) of the TMA.

SECTION 2(7)(B)

63 I move on to the other factors in s 2(7) of the TMA. The AR in the 2013 GD
at [66] cited the explanatory notes to the World Intellectual Property
Organization’s (WIPO) Joint Recommendation Concerning Provisions on the
Protection of Well-Known Marks. The notes state at [2.4]:

The duration, extent and geographical area of any use of the mark are highly
relevant indicators as to the determination whether or not a mark is well
known by the relevant sector of the public. Attention is drawn to Article
2(3)(a)(i), providing that actual use of a mark in the State in which it is to
be protected as a well-known mark cannot be required. However, use of the mark
in neighboring territories, in territories in which the same language or
languages are spoken, in territories which are covered by the same media
(television or printed press) or in territories which have close trade
relations may be relevant for establishing the knowledge of that mark in a
given State.

64 The AR considered it apparent from the explanatory notes that “an opponent
who claims that his mark is well known in another country or territory should
demonstrate how this evidence contributes to the mark being well known in
Singapore” (see 2013 GD at [67]). In this regard, the respondent submits that
the appellant’s evidence fails to explain how the worldwide use of its marks
contributed to the marks being well known here.[note: 48] This was also the
AR’s finding,[note: 49] which I agree with. For example, the appellants
claimed that licences for computer games had been granted from as early as
1994; with as many as four global licensees in previous years. However, there
were no further particulars as to the locations and quantity of the games that
were sold and nothing to suggest that the efforts had contributed to the mark
being well known in Singapore.[note: 50] While the appellant stated that a
worldwide licence had been granted to an Austrian company to use the “F1” logo
on watches, the AR found no further particulars as to which countries
“worldwide” referred to, no evidence on the use of the plain F1 mark on the
watches sold in those countries and nothing to suggest that the efforts had
contributed to the mark being well known in Singapore.[note: 51]

65 Before the AR, the appellant relied on a survey that was conducted in 2005
in Germany to assert that “F1” in connection with Formula 1 motor races
enjoyed a high degree of distinctiveness and had even acquired a secondary
meaning in relation with motor racing events such that “F1” was considered a
well known mark. Although the survey was conducted in Germany, the results
were “exemplary” for other countries such as Singapore, where the appellant’s
championship was televised and promoted.[note: 52] However, I find that the
German survey is of no assistance as it concerns a different audience in
Europe.[note: 53]

SECTION 2(7)(C)

66 The AR noted in the 2013 GD at [73] that the appellant had repeatedly
emphasised that they had numerous trade mark registrations around the world.
The respondent points out that most of the appellant’s local registrations
were filed or have priority dates after the relevant date.[note: 54] For the
foreign registrations, the respondent submits that the appellant had not
provided supporting evidence of an alleged 2,250 trade mark filings for
“F1/FORMULA 1 marks in 89 countries. Given the international nature of the
appellant’s enterprise, I am prepared to believe that the appellant has a
substantial number of filings. However, as the AR stated in the 2013 GD at
[73], registrations do not automatically equate to trade mark use and the
appellant has not proved use or recognition of its marks. Therefore, the
registrations, without more, do not help to prove that the appellant’s marks
are well known.

SECTION 2(7)(D)

67 On this factor, the appellant submits that various other jurisdictions have
held that the plain F1 mark is well known and indicative of its motor racing
championship.[note: 55]

68 It cites a 2006 decision from the Chinese Trademark Review and Adjudication
Board, where it succeeded in cancelling the trade mark U.I.M. World F-1
Championship and device.[note: 56] In a 2011 decision, the Canadian
Intellectual Property Office also held in favour of the appellant, which in
2005, opposed an application to register “F1EMPORIUM”.[note: 57] In that
decision, it was held that the appellant’s evidence showed that the plain F1
mark, while not inherently strong, had acquired sufficient distinctiveness to
become a famous trade mark.[note: 58] The appellant also cites a Turkish
decision by the Ankara Commercial Court of First Instance in 2003,[note: 59]
which stated: “The Formula 1 trade mark is a well known trade mark. Therefore
the Court did not take the expert report into consideration which is stating
that F1 is not a world wide known trade mark. All knows the term F1 in
Turkey.” In a Court of Rome decision in 2004, the court stated that the trade
mark “F1 Formula 1” “undoubtedly belongs to the category of so-called _strong
and renowned_ trade marks [emphasis in original]”.[note: 60] In Romania, the
appellant also successfully opposed the application of “FD1 Formula Drift One
CHAMPIONSHIP” in 2011, although this happened after the relevant date.[note:
61]

69 The appellant also cited two decisions from the WIPO Arbitration and
Mediation Center. These were disputes over domain names. In a 2009 decision
based on the appellant’s complaint in February 2009, the panel ordered the
domain name <f1rocks.com> to be transferred to the appellant.[note: 62] In the
other decision based on the appellant’s complaint in June 2011, the panel
ordered the domain names <f1showcar.com>, <f1showcar.net> and <f1showcars.com>
to be transferred to the appellant.[note: 63]

70 Based on the above, the appellant submitted that the plain F1 mark is
“palpably well-known in Singapore, as it is in various other
jurisdictions”.[note: 64]

71 In my order to the parties, the foreign decisions were to be placed before
the Registrar of Trade Marks by way of written submissions and not as further
evidence. Therefore, the decisions are to be regarded as authorities and not
evidence that “F1” is the appellant’s well known trade mark.[note: 65]

72 The question is whether the plain F1 mark was well known by the relevant
date and in Singapore. Therefore, the decisions that came after 11 January
2007 are of no assistance. Further, I accept the AR’s view in the 2015 GD at
[86] that the evidence in each jurisdiction is bound to be different as it
concerns different sectors of the public in different jurisdictions.
Therefore, the foreign decisions do not assist “in determining the threshold
issue of whether the Plain F1 Mark is well known to the relevant sector of the
public _in Singapore_ ” [emphasis in original]. As the respondent submits,
foreign decisions cannot be binding on Singapore courts as intellectual
property rights are jurisdictional in nature; findings of fact based on the
evidence that is put before a foreign court are limited to that
jurisdiction.[note: 66]

73 The WIPO decisions on the disputed domain names are also unhelpful. They
are limited to their own context under the Uniform Domain Name Dispute
Resolution Policy: see Tan Tee Jim, _Law of Trade Marks and Passing Off in
Singapore_ vol 2 (Sweet & Maxwell, 3rd Ed, 2014), which states (at para
20.130) that “the Uniform Dispute Resolution Policy is not, and was not
designed to be, a substitute for the courts”; its decision has “no binding
effect other than on the registrar of the domain name in question”.[note: 67]

74 The appellant did not adduce evidence in relation to s 2(7)(_e_).[note: 68]

75 Having considered the factors in s 2(7) of the TMA, I find insufficient
evidence that the plain F1 mark was “well known in Singapore” as at the
relevant date. Therefore, it is not an “unregistered trade mark that is well
known in Singapore”, _ie_ , a “well known trade mark” under s 2 of the TMA. It
follows that it is not an “earlier trade mark” that the appellant could use in
the relevant grounds of opposition under the TMA. The appellant’s earlier
trade marks are limited to its three registered marks (see [14] above).

The grounds of opposition

Section 8(2)(b)

76 Section 8(2) states:

A trade mark shall not be registered if because —

(a) it is identical with an earlier trade mark and is to be registered for
goods or services similar to those for which the earlier trade mark is
protected; or

(b) it is similar to an earlier trade mark and is to be registered for goods
or services identical with or similar to those for which the earlier trade
mark is protected,

there exists a likelihood of confusion on the part of the public.

77 The plain F1 mark does not qualify as an earlier trade mark. Even if it
does, I doubt that “F1”, being unregistered at the relevant date, could be
used to oppose the application mark on this ground. Under s 8(2), an
identical/similar trade mark to the earlier trade mark cannot be registered if
the registration is for goods or services that are similar to those for which
the earlier trade mark _is protected_. This implies that the earlier trade
mark is one that has been registered, so that it is protected for classes of
goods or services. (See also Burton Ong, “Protecting Well-Known Trade Marks:
Perspectives from Singapore” [2005] 95 TMR 1221 at 1234, in particular,
footnote no 38).

78 To succeed under s 8(2)(_b_), the appellant must satisfy the court that:

(a) The application mark is similar to any of its three registered marks;

(b) The application mark is to be registered for goods or services that are
identical or similar to those that any of the three registered marks are
protected for; and

(c) There exists a likelihood of confusing arising from the above.[note: 69]

79 The “step-by-step” approach to an analysis under s 8(2)(_b_) of the TMA was
laid out in _Staywell_ , where the court held (at [15]) that the three
requirements – similarity of marks, similarity of goods or services and
likelihood of confusion arising from the two similarities – are systematically
assessed. The first two requirements are individually assessed before the
third element is assessed in the round.

Whether the marks are similar

80 The comparison entails an assessment of visual, aural and conceptual
similarities. The following principles were set out in _Hai Tong Co (Pte) Ltd
v Ventree Singapore Pte Ltd and another and another appeal_ [2013] 2 SLR 941
at [40]:[note: 70]

Further, the following principles are well established in Singapore trade mark
jurisprudence (see generally _Sarika_ at [16]–[18] and  _Subway Niche_ ([33]
_supra_) at [19] and the cases cited below):

(a) The thrust of the inquiry into similarity is directed at assessing
substantive similarity. The three aspects of this evaluation, namely, visual,
aural and conceptual similarities, aid the court’s evaluation by signposting
its inquiry. They do not serve as a mechanistic formula of any sort. It
follows that the law does not require all three similarities (visual, aural
and conceptual) to be made out before the registered mark and the allegedly
infringing mark may be found to be similar. Conversely, the fact that any one
similarity is made out does not necessarily mandate a finding that the two
marks are similar. Nor is each aspect of similarity of equal importance.
Rather, the relative importance of each will depend on the circumstances,
including the nature of the goods and the types of marks involved (see
_MediaCorp News Pte Ltd v Astro All Asia Networks plc_ [2009] 4 SLR(R) 496 (“
_MediaCorp_ ”) at [32]), and a trade-off can be made between the three aspects
of similarity (see  _Ozone Community_ at [40]).

(b) In assessing the similarity between two contesting marks, the court
considers them “as a whole” (see  _City Chain_ ([17] _supra_) at [47] and
[50]), but does not take into account “any external added matter or
circumstances” because the comparison is “mark for mark” (see  _MediaCorp_ at
[33], citing  _Caterpillar Inc v Ong Eng Peng (formerly trading as Catplus
International)_ [2006] 2 SLR(R) 669 (“ _Caterpillar_ ”) at [55]). This is
unlike the position when assessing whether there is a likelihood of confusion,
where, subject to the further observations we have made below, it will
generally be appropriate to have regard to other relevant circumstances – see
below at [79]–[98].

(c) Although the focus of this part of the inquiry is on the marks in
question, it is necessary to set out the viewpoint the court should assume.
This viewpoint is that of the average consumer who would exercise some care
and a measure of good sense in making his or her purchases, not that of an
unthinking person in a hurry (see  _Polo (CA)_ ([16] _supra_) at [34]). Would
such a person consider the marks similar? We pause to note that despite the
differing expressions that are sometimes used, this viewpoint is, for all
intents and purposes, the same as that which is assumed when assessing the
separate but related question of whether there is a sufficient likelihood of
confusion. This is unsurprising given that there will be some inevitable
overlap in the factual assessment of both elements.

(d) Furthermore, it is assumed that the average consumer has “imperfect
recollection” (see _MediaCorp_ at [33], citing  _Nautical Concept Pte Ltd v
Jeffery Mark Richard and another_ [2007] 1 SLR(R) 1071 (“ _Nautical Concept_
”) at [30]). As such, the two contesting marks are not to be compared or
assessed side by side and examined in detail for the sake of isolating
particular points of difference. Instead, the court will consider the general
impression that will likely be left by the essential or dominant features of
the marks on the average consumer (see  _Saville Perfumery Ld v June Perfect
Ld and F W Woolworth & Co Ld_ (1941) 58 RPC 147 (“ _June Perfect_ ”) at
161–162).

81 In _Staywell_ , the court also held that technical distinctiveness is an
“integral factor” in the marks-similarity inquiry:

24 Distinctiveness in the technical sense on the other hand, usually stands in
contradistinction to descriptiveness. Where the latter connotes words that
describe the goods or services in question, or of some quality or aspect
thereof, the former refers to the capacity of a mark to function as a badge of
origin. Distinctiveness can be inherent, usually where the words comprising
the mark are meaningless and can say nothing about the goods or services; or
acquired, where words that do have a meaning and might well say something
about the good or services, yet come to acquire the capacity to act as a badge
of origin through long-standing or widespread use (see _Windsurfing Chiemsee
Produktions- und Vertriebs GmbH v Boots- und Segelzubehör Walter Huber and
Franz Attenberger_ [1999] ETMR 585 (ECJ), _Love & Co Pte Ltd v The Carat Club
Pte Ltd_ [2009] 1 SLR(R) 561 at [98]–[100] and _Hai Tong_ ([18] _supra_) at
[32]–[33]).

25 Technical distinctiveness is an integral factor in the marks-similarity
inquiry (see _Sarika_ ([18] supra) at [20], _Ozone Community_ at [47] and
_Polo (CA)_ ([8] _supra_) at [36]); a mark which has greater technical
distinctiveness enjoys a high threshold before a competing sign will be
considered dissimilar to it (_Sarika_ at [36]). While the components of a mark
may be inherently technically distinctive, ultimately the ability of the mark
to function as a strong badge of origin must be assessed by looking at the
mark as a whole. Conversely, the components of a mark may not be inherently
distinctive, but the sum of its parts may have sufficient technical
distinctiveness. We examined this in _Hai Tong_ in relation to the composite
phrase “Lady Rose”, and there stated (at [35]):

… the attempt to contend that this should be the case because of any lack of
distinctiveness in the Composite Mark was unfounded. Of course, the words
‘Lady’ and ‘Rose’, when used separately, are not inventive words or phrases.
_However, in our judgment, it would not be correct to analyse this by
reference to each of the words standing alone. It is the juxtaposition of the
words that engenders distinctiveness, in that when used together, the words do
not convey a sensible meaning_. … [emphasis added]

82 In Lionel Bently & Brad Sherman, _Intellectual Property Law_ (Oxford
University Press, 3rd Ed, 2009) at 866–867 (“ _Bently_ ”), the authors stated
that “the less distinctive the earlier trade mark, the less literal or visual
alteration is necessary to ensure that the later mark is not similar”:[note:
71]

_Distinctiveness_. The question of whether marks are similar will often be
dependent on the inherent or acquired distinctiveness of the mark (for the
goods or services for which it is registered). This has a number of effects.

First, the less distinctive the earlier trade mark, the less literal or visual
alteration is necessary to ensure that the later mark is not similar. For
example, the CFI comparing two words CASTELLANI and CASTELLUCA for wine from
the point of view of a German consumer found the two marks to be dissimilar,
because the ‘castel’ element is a common descriptive component in wine names
and the applicant’s suffix ‘luca’ would be seen as the Italian name and thus
sufficient to differentiate the marks. In _Reed Executive plc. v. Reed
Business Information Ltd_ , Jacob LJ stated that ‘where a mark is descriptive
small differences may suffice to avoid confusion’, giving an illustration from
the law of passing-off concerning the terms OFFICE CLEANING ASSOCIATION and
OFFICE CLEANING SERVICES. Where the distinctiveness of the earlier trade mark
is very low, the later mark will have to be in close proximity for it to be
similar, as with THERMAWEAR and THERMAWARM. The same principle applies to
common names which intrinsically have a low level of distinctiveness.

83 The respondent submits that the appellant has no evidence to show the
distinctiveness of its three registered marks through use.[note: 72]
Therefore, it submits that the registered marks do not enjoy any higher
threshold of protection as against the application mark.[note: 73]

THE APPLICATION MARK: F1H20

84 For ease of comparison, the visual, aural and conceptual components of the
application mark will first be addressed. I find no reason to disagree with
the AR’s analysis of the application mark in her 2013 GD. I also accept the
respondent’s submissions on the application mark.[note: 74]

85 Visually, the AR held in the 2013 GD at [82]:

Visually, the mark “F1H20” is simply a combination of letters and numbers that
are all equally dominant relative to each other and are likely to be perceived
by the average Singaporean consumer as such.

She held at [85]:

Visually, the mark “F1H20” is comprised of a combination of letters and
numbers in a format that gives the viewer the impression that it is a type of
chemical formulae. No attempt has been made to differentiate any of the
letters or numbers or combination thereof and thus they appear equally
dominant relative to each other.

86 Building on the AR’s analysis, the respondent submits that there is no
reason for any element in “F1H20”, such as “F1” or “H20”, to be considered the
essential and dominant element. The entire mark is the essential, distinctive
and dominant element.[note: 75]

87 Aurally, the AR found in the 2013 GD at [86] that “F1H20” was likely to be
broken down into individual letters and numbers and pronounced as the five-
syllabled “F-ONE-H-TWO-OH”. The respondent submits that every single syllable
will be pronounced, with none skipped, as “F1H20” comprises a string of
letters and numbers.

88 Conceptually, the AR found in the 2013 GD at [84] that “F1H20” was based on
the theme of a water sport. The respondent submits that as “H20” brings the
chemical formula of water to mind, some people will associate the application
mark with a sports race that is held on water. Alternatively, the application
mark can be considered devoid of conceptual significance as a random string of
letters or letters.[note: 76]

COMPARISON BETWEEN F1H20 AND THE STYLISED F1 FORMULA 1 MARK

89 I reproduce this registered mark for convenience of comparison:

![](data:image/png;base64,iVBORw0KGgoAAAANSUhEUgAAAIoAAABTCAYAAABAtp+DAAAAAXNSR0IArs4c6QAAAARnQU1BAACxjwv8YQUAAAAJcEhZcwAADsMAAA7DAcdvqGQAACEVSURBVHhe7d0DsC1JtsbxO7ZtT49t2+6xbdu2bdu2bU+Mbdus937V/d8vZ8fR7Xv6vBPRZ0WsyKysrKyVK79cuRK1965ph3ZoA7QDlB3aEO0AZYc2RDtA2aEN0bYCyj/+8Y/p3//+975X0/Sf//xn39g0/fOf/5z+9a9/zWnipY153P/b3/6279XmkrJ7LyLr+G5yj/fReL/8ysHI9V//+tdFvsoYn5NXurTKr5x0JSzPSK5XSh+p++VFowzidLqtgEJpKVE4NoZ7AUm8ClRRobQ//OEPiwpvJnn3X/7yl4V8ZPj73/++ULL7gdQ1WXAUIDwjXzL/7ne/W9RLfvdH+eWVLk0ZSNwzo67kUWZU+e6N5ZUe9W6cvGSobPE//vGP23PoISQFBY4UUCWFv//97xcVlkeFkLSULd9mcKTc3/zmN4v3/ulPf5rlTN6IPEAVoCuj58pfY/z5z3+euYYa3znWo/zrUfmj3ouU0XukBxT5y1d8LGPbASXhqwyCaBWkePFIw1F4lUqRpe0fRK6f/OQnMxAQCwY8KTXQJosQqJG8wEU2nIWI5FW/3/72t/um7JNWfvXyHs/hOsQySSMnXr7vOtmQeLILlfmLX/xiTvd879qWQBkrmPBVhtC//OUvF8qUlwJ7RrhVlCLHxlhuCHIDD3JvzItcJ79QXVHPjOS+9wmjlfJtFv3617+eh0a0rYAyKpIC9EQKTNnYfWk//elPZ+QDjPBXv/rVrETpN7vZzaarX/3q07Wvfe1N4ete97rT9a53vUV4netcZ7rCFa4w3eMe95i+8IUvzPKOYEZkyeoE9kDw3ve+d7riFa84XfWqV52ufOUrT3vvvfccv8pVrjLzNa5xjfn6mte85szqgq92tavN9690pSvN97E0ea51rWst8ie3cirT8+7JT/ZLX/rS0yUvecnpEpe4xHSZy1xmuuxlLztfX+pSl5rzfPjDH55BQt/k31ZAAYR6o7AhB1E6RWuAT3/609Md73jH6da3vvV03/ved24w1/e6172m29/+9tOuXbv2dz7UoQ413fOe95y++93vzvLxMUaw6PUjUAK9OpJzpTI3kw90oANNBzvYwaaDHvSg0+EOd7jpkIc85HTwgx98OtKRjjSd9rSnnS5/+cvPgAd+IBOvE9z0pjedPvnJT866RsCy7YCSVRnNN0rob37zm3NPWkk58UEOcpBZUSvd26+sPEzZJzjBCaaHPOQhs2lGAAAkwJHso3UJ9Oitb33rdO5zn3su8xCHOMQcHu94x5v52Mc+9hye8IQnnMPjH//487vET33qU8+9/yIXuch04QtfeLYCLIC4tNIB4EY3utF0l7vcZe5ED3jAA6ZHP/rR04Me9KAZ2I95zGOmD37wg7Ms6xG51Q1tOx8F6YkcvyhhNcIzn/nMWbnHOc5xZkDUkPjABz7wrPzNBon36J3KPdaxjjU96UlPWgCZJQnEEdnzI8hcnCm/3OUuN5epp5OVzIaCG97whnPPbihhLfVuDe/6aU972mJ4VZ648sSxdMDlv7Fe5OI4k+XHP/7x7HCLe0Y+zxumf/SjH00///nPF0O5sjxf/QL8tgKKyqbYeiArE+kVNV5gMATUiJQvrQYo72ax3v2UpzxlAQyyYkSxDTUNQ6j76pElIfORj3zkRblHOcpRFvUwRJAdOA9zmMNMhz3sYed0949+9KPPdcPSD33oQ89x9wwv4vKyejGd4IaeQO9a6F3p6vSnP/307ne/ewEO9Wnavu2AkrkDlqiGecQjHrFQbqySgWYMU4p4lofCxjzSAxf2DOV13fPie+211/TsZz97IQslZunITF6gCOyAEliA5KlPfep0jGMcYy5rfOdmsyGKBbrxjW88M9+ND3eLW9xiuu1tbzvd6U53mvXIWeWIf/GLX5w+//nPT5/97Genr3/96/+1/FBHAJxtBRRCUToW1xD1Uj35JCc5yYrKWYnrJRq6nhMIxANP6fVGXENWxk1ucpPpox/96Gy+EcWRK2vnmsxI6F7AiTiQge6IRzzidL7znW9utPvc5z4zP/ShD50tJkf3/ve//3z94Ac/eOGs3/ve9579i5e97GXTO97xjumd73zn9Ja3vGV685vfPL397W+f01x/6Utfmr73ve8thhsNzyq4blkhne4ObSugULJemIKzLJQSSGrgjbAGZyU0eBwg3MMaT8iMZ0HGd/ATfvjDH87yIDIFDHLiTLUQsypZG/4Ah9J7K/Pwhz/8dM5znnOeXdzylrecbnWrW82zNT3e9e1ud7vZEkhzz3RfOsA8/vGPn57//OfP/KxnPWt67nOfO73oRS+anv70p08vfOEL5zTOK2eb5QAugHvBC14w53ve8543P6PjiT/qUY+aHWwgWou2FVCAZJz5RGc+85kXlqHevhHW+HhMM+4rAxiM7ZWXNREHrtOd7nSzT9FQo+Fxw0kEGKOsI9DRJz7xiblMPsU4HCbP/sFHOMIRZn/jVKc61XSa05xmOulJT7pYp+EcW4cxgzI0ca6B6Tvf+c6+Eq9M2wookd5az/3Zz342z3Aod+yV6zEAaBgsnqUQ1lBC94u7D0gXuMAFpje84Q37SrOPP4IDgJCMWRI0WpP8K3E9f1muwMnCsS5YGqBycjnNpsis6IlPfOI5bqocm3kd85jHnH0eDq5410DyuMc9bqFDMxqzn4YdLG442h3adj6KCqRo07UTnehE/9Wwo9I3yhqBX+B5YAOGALLMd7jDHeZ3j1ZhJGBg9QIyEtcYrElWEb32ta+dLQnLlb8TA4V7gZ9sF7zgBac3vvGN87NABpzKNV3FgbX3Nv1FydM9+bKGI3UfiQPSRnyWbQUUldUT0Je//OV5fSHFUiRlbxQsrIPeZdro2nRQqIHcwyNYOIJf+cpX5g0/1BAItCOPAInkW7Ywz3nOc+YZiLJHmb0fOLw/8FQ3YGZBPHfKU55yZsOH62WWbkg+61nPOsflPcMZzjDfM0M7+clPPp3sZCebrRNLc4pTnGK2RiwPKyRPC4Yc3vXAsq2AQtH5AJ/5zGcWjU2ZGjUfYiNM+Z5ZzXJgitaDzSQAIAIIQCFPIIjr0e4HnJGSn2XqPcnNslSPwOK6oXGjnWA1Hq2WsgGI8/uMZzxj4QBjTuxLX/rSRT2FddDVaFsBJWHN6a1SqjDz3GLRsvneKB/1qEed7n73u8/j/w1ucIPpgQ984DwFfeUrXzm/D2l879fwgQS5Bo6RygsUgSeAII3BmfRuDQYIQvUQjvERyOIswJnOdKbp4Q9/+MxmLyObwZgqmzYLLcubXqvPE5/4xNkxtYoLHK9+9av3lWh1Mnwtg30l2lKgjAqn7FjDoMZUFac4PYwyzVwocbnHAc5K4JGPg3jGM55xHvfvdre7zeVat8jcLhMZNPYyKLIa0nEAKkSezTm0gMXsk4PsrAd5CqtTDq10Q46hw7DBgbWza1Puc5/73NxpYlbWhiiZvB9IsWv1MoRYOzGEWjzjv/BBrKEYUm1gfv/73/+vXWHPLtd5JdoyoIyAEE/5Kprg6Ac/+MG8wDU2ODAw2+OsR5prih7BohE8d7GLXWxWbFRDerfxmIJ2h8gOyFkQz4sjofpoGJtzgaJhJbmlZ12SUydgQVgCRwOqx1psXYb1eOQjH7lYK2FBHvvYx87phlRT+9e85jXzeon7rKd1FsOsRTk0tgdei7YEKIQYUdsMIXI/793yM2VQaoox/FAwQFCw0DAipOyAIk/L5B/4wAfm8kYFJIM0Db0Rbx8BwQgKvbRr4FEXZZnlcCizFph8ZE6+6pCPUh4sLad7ef2n50a9YHpwhuTOd77zPDTxSWwoOj5w17vedbaihl1WJXnTdXUg+0ozpJG2DCiUaYpXw7lmKqWF7HZWMQtCeWYtKT5Fjcrm7NZjMUVbbkcAyVoh7xgVs7vrCMqy4zpaEgAK8N/+9rfn9Y2sBkvo7EfDJtnUJzkxudUTj+l8qo985CPzUGFV2M6u8Gtf+9q8MGbHl+XFAGAZwdqIdHkBubTWTACBDnSW5c6znLYSbalFoVjUWgmFE961DSoKoqiGm3pZCqznxfJohA7muD772c++aDxh7+ndSDpeTzmRZylaWdXDwlUA1xhMf3ICCrnJBtB49JkuetGLzmdHznWuc8188YtffDrPec4znfe8553zABin+wlPeMI8ZDhaYfiw9G6p3hBjSHFts9FwshZxirMoY52rj3qM+lmJtsxHIZBeiSgdJ5x0RwLN8Sk0cGRmgaJGiDVG6eW3Xf+6171u0YAISFgQ72dyswbL4FmL5EvB4pg1rD6W6c1yAIIcACskX8ONRT7OqnUPfJaznGXeJjCFBQ7XfBXrKDnuravoQDqCA0yGVtfApL5CS/SGmDYQ7RUBkVVtTq30j33sY4v6B/b0VJ3Woi2zKICxfFpdGm+d00WxKp0ZbmgRZjkCh1B6afIbgmycRZSBKCBfRM93TQYWZQTUelQ5ZA5s0uzU2sAjA3lHUJNNfQJOQFqNDV3A0DXwsDZmQfwQDvqFLnShea+GVWKBWCZxeW00nuMc55gBeZvb3Gae/Zg5GRbNmgxV6k03helpPdoSoBBKD1yJHJTRS1KwkEIb6wMOIOiVlG7cl0cvc98znLdIA+LVSIOzBjX4Roivw0cBLkNlz2oQ8pELkyVWh8DTfVz9Ag6L4NqMiTWQpm5vetOb5sYFcNYgJ3SjlH9miEE6SMAQZtk3ApYt9VFGIqBx3pSNYjDA1AOzJt1L+eIA5Hxp9/faa695ex1lLSLv1bApGUh2x5KsRmT/6le/Og+ZZNCwQjIBsmEDA7c6sZaWzo92tKPNedXPZp9Qjwd0z5vFYM8YYjDLqUwn9xvulmkZ9JzZpsF0AjQBhn7Sh3sboS3zUQikl7MsgcYKZlYCCCiZEimG0mJp9UYK9AywNOw4Z+owsV1mvVMD2ExsB9YCmLFeGsW/4hWvmN+/UcAkr/yGzxqlqTwmmzBLqC7VS6ih3SutdM/Yk2mrYj0GtnwTIeBheznOm5jxIDKTN9mF2gCLl64uGwHLlgEFAQpLgnjyjccUlnUQT4GxeylXPIC4FnZifXxmLWbFUEAZe6O0el6KFqZQcb2R86jnK49Myb87zHHnwGt0neP85z//9OQnP3n22YQOGxl+nGBzuMjRB3s0r3rVq+Y8QqA365Fu6sxakJFFMV1epmVQBJ71aMuGHopWARURb2eYgih5GRz7hQNOXAMqu6HBZp1PPpILj/6KMP9GfAQKEjeV17i9Q8gRdRLNJxRCezB8DvcAwmk2/kyn1SyG3e9+95v3neTFZirWSsaG6/3AixtWpa1G5O/cyWbRlgGF8Cnb7iW/ghIbaliJ5YbeEw4gylQ2f8EaBocUZTVQzik5M8uua4zSEWviiCK5K9v7WDWroj67EOrpPqhyzxBhHYQVtQZi7YO1cMDIEryleM84JwswD3vYw2YrYTkekKyssmD2rGz+AZg0S/nWVeyAf/zjH58nBt/61rcWYArwm0FbBpQIyvkRFBgwhPkqrjeDNSRHsVmH8qManVyjbIBhaKz3AkV5A46tgd7B5wjo47tH7jzMaqyM1o9YqeMe97izz9FaiXsY2KTxUQx54vLxbTxjgc75WkNUq92symbRlgAla8KR7cSXyjYcBJj9kw0NhhhAJQeAAEVrLIhy9cbAEZWHT6As1ilwsFw52EApLlQ3DAjyLdcRMKx59Gksa+MQufWOLIGZymjVAjUQ02eAjgKI53F13AzaMmdWAzGVekB+CV6vR24G2021MJayDTUUKJ6iKR7XGAhgWv/51Kc+NX/0rTyWr1mMa1bDbq1GV0drIXq4w8v8EkDgGxk67IxzpoGPs+l9y2tMGtsQY4gavwDYHQKU6rgZtL8DJUGdg7BiGCiEeh6lxzXsZnDlmQ0Z8xEgNCvIepAPuwYMTMGGHen1bj2etcgyAEmOrLoYHizHW543VXX63bc8fDGha2dOXPumB+iciLfS6jC3FVY+VCELxeoCuTR57AeJe8fZzna2+bp0e0ZmRZ1LSf7Noi2xKBambn7zm//XeM2SAIq4Rt3s4aeyNQqQAgkQNLSMIBCXhgLKOCS9/vWvnxtGeVnB3kPu8Xp32Y45wAj99IS4n6jopyrMklgqzmxWSVyaa8cLpFlH4tB2CDtLmWO7p7S/AiVEm+NTCoVSLGDokXqi0Mxhsy0KtsDmWCAKCGMvKy4sLl95Kdwhb5t1lck/sdfS3gvHnKXRCbIC8rAElgDk7TdJrn/968+Hk/ptE8OS9Q6LZI4H2MTriIATaaudxluPxrpsKx9lVP4y6cm2uVN0PRAwAIVzK118Lavi3lr38Xhf/MUvfvEsA4XpYcuAyKKghh73hVjD6dXjqimn2DDkpyN8v8sKSLcCDCSGH0Osaa4ezjfS4NZugMDKrmsMHJbvO6KILZrJa5orLvzGN74xh8Xdt96Cld9mqzoIWZEsSfXdU9pjoACCRhiVPpLFpZS8EQagrMvY8IYS1kdaaxcje0a6oUEe6xIUyhRH+SQoQESsR3WoTvL0KStWdkMaBu6sIfB3PcqNq0/yi495luNdrzS7UpZyKpPf4+P50SlXj7Fum0GbNvRwnvSSEcEWkzh2OX3rscqnpBTTPQqrHI1hAzFluTc2IOZXLFP+CSInpQYeTMGZalNp2/iGEzKRRVzZy+9aiclqZtTz473kLl9xwxKLYceY9TDjYTFYGjMkoXRhJ950BrO46gPwLEs0tsee0B4DheKBhKdNUIKl7MzyqJi1mNI0uvyYors3zjjWYz/xQMEjkTPTHKXceqPQtcaywqosoOB/jAeqLHaJk4ef4eilVVEfkRl+eo7MLI3hqmctir3tbW+bgeyXCOzZ+CUCIRCsRAFhLUr3hajrzaA9Bgph8rL1zpTuoK8pI+VslCkeQPRCIMEazLcuGsqU0lBmuXz8qQjTX8vg3mnZ22GdwMpKpLzVzHHjeUrVWy25+4bGrytxiC2V26iz7O4rQEcRHVU0o0PKt3/TzA5IyFzYcMkJtgTfTAWoPWdJ3rVZjFmNtRd19X0TP6mVV3nIZV/I6TWU7qPquladd5f2GCiN6wHG8ONoYIrZqBWI5QcUynU8gGXgb1jEsujFAdSIaxHLQS4sPvaqlJci5REvlF893NsosajN7DCwqz8rko+xGqsrq6NT9C2yZzpfi1lmbL3E+RedxwTBN0RIp6gdUHUU7k491qI9BsroBCJjqUWhgGI42ShY5KM0cXsbflRmmap4w4SwIYUcVoDXMrfuBR7cQSDmXbpGVwZFjxSAqmuNgQ0dFrxYD/VVd5bFXg1mES24Oa4o5LdZeBNnHdTTegmrwir6ArDTaevRWkAI+JtBm+LMQnQCMfs5aLz20c/YCAcwC1CRBqrxVV5jeZ9pYe8dlULJI3ijESTRSopWn5bO3V8tD3PPmfQDOGQGjjqF3x9x0NmSvRCgzcAaEskAlOQsrp7kY5VL8w55PAfMfMHqJq90dQ+4o6ziuQJ7SpsClISzc5lFyCHdnaEHsIQWqXj2iPIoAAlrZO/EFAkYlBpJrwE8Iy4fxVZWJC/lCyldnHLLV9nKKo8QIxYh+dUVGzoMnepjaLEO47Qdy+IUnjiL4tQd55fVYUHFzebcBzp57Bbnszk8HbGEgS4iI30tW77NoD0GSg3n15g7qENZWQaheX/KXI+tdLaaiipf5ZcVE3AoJUtR/hozlndUmnyeQcLyVBZgBS55681jGZxaq7a70xmW2dZGTq1NRBaIP2an2jc9ZkdmUz5DEZInGZN5HH7TycibQWsCJaX0ckSgzJl0jKyZVPl6ljgLk5XhqLEy5cvp656QGW9qW6/QYEDSddS7o+QZG3M1km+5vKh74331bmggD+rLRvVgDcxeDDPYbIzDSS9mTmZMOoAdYddmTGYuhk91axnf8n2Hq1aihqPqKFyWFQUavBm0LlB6GXC4JiSFAU7C+flJ076UxkfJTwEEIGBVACZwYCa6WYH8TOv4q8oaBXVUsQbcaqpRvD+Z9HhDB9mxtRI/nAcAps6OEpgJ2UZgCZw1wdZQ3vWud03vf//7F+snTrM58Sbvy1/+8uklL3nJfArQeVnX9puQNqD75NlKWhMoY8NkhhFBCS1NL7CMTFl6VUAYrYfr0akVN+4CiXtAJPzQhz40l4+8G/Uu14F0q6kOki6siJrhqIt6qkt13S9Mb52m56PwSyzqmRr7AtHnqogMiC62GiyrAiWQ4BrNON2wg5hM3/qqrDWAnNF8Eo2fZTEUlU6pDU3u64221/tZLL5A01bgDCiUs9UKisijoQyLZAYQdeB0amigFwIQx7RfYJCu3nWMOoXnnZWxi2zzUZ0NO/lCOefq693pgy7MngLNVtGGnVnevwosm35evIrXw+IsCqZY4QigrEl5KQkoOk+BKAkYA6rr4ltJI0CthpI5C2INpMbT4NaRxOnLmVUNTG/qJA4I4oDAF9mohaR37yEHPW21HjYEFOhNuIBCaCuFpnYaPCuBNXz+CGVKEw889Sz3zHKsuAYI5dco4r1PWn7KVlPy+LUji2XqoQ7kd6TAdN5nGv3/je+FhdiZlX69wGk23D9h2HR0btahKEOMMyzihnKLce973/tmwFVvOkLaY1sBhTAQX2MlHOeq31ijMOaXaW2YGeOZ2cAEQFkSvorpIWp4QRRDKXpfjeT+VpvbkUz/NS65Wc9mchtldfaMOjfs8kdYJL82gO0B4a7tI9FBetFZWSX62Wpa00fROCOKXSPfkaiohSQKsLjUGEwZ47DCcpRGSUCTNXHe0+EfBBDYewHTu3ofxVDQ/ydQ+nicX8HZtHjmMwkbn5xQ51Z8Ytq/d/WnSTbzbGD6Psd02eYlMJhK22jcCNEHkCDD2DgcbxWtChSNMo6fTCDhpPmIidJwJhizIqyLeECJWRNOXtcUbKcXAQRFZD0CTfFAQ2GlbzWps0PN9mI0PuAAgJ7v/Kr7+5XUi+WoI9RZ6Dqd59y65vsEnK2iNYcejRJyC32OoKFZCaBgIVgWXj7QuM6CuM+K4PI2M3KcEHlHVgu5znqJU1i0DN6N0laCaxnwI6ln1gADxzJJH+uuvHSv/hzlraxPtObQQ8ixoQjIU7cPI7SGYkXRJpapLY+/g8F2YOXB0swIxKW7HsFhaBnHYiTu3XhUjPTGaOGo0AiYyiNOPlQ53q0xViLlJFtlbBZ5/1iXMT7SaulorXv7J61pUSgqhVL4CJr9osRlaxAYUeUZg+tpo2LdLy4MHKPi5LEkXrlC98XdG+UHBiY8k+6dWB559V7PVsYBndYECqI4ylqJUmRcY4iPitYoOWE9p1EARyMyp5G08kXKVY68GClfOhpBo1yOr2sgx55Nrt7pWtx98ZUsjPx4h9YASoqO/JylnUx7HPYl7EFoUEpG8mqgrilYYwqVpecKpSGNhF1zlJEy5KkHC2t0pGzvdD2CZLkxgTKr4B3yVGYAdV9a5SDf/fKdbNr5NYJk3aE1gEKhejpFOnJnIchSu7k/x9SJrvHUPeVrIBRYKLo4cj9QoOWGqoEjgODXjAQUI4Dl99OYfrPET1Gt9wdFyPPkVRbgWfDznL+IbVZmYYz8ZKyOB2Rad+jxM+FNeU1vrYHYKR4bVGPq+Uh6nrkGca1BNIw80nAfQgGH/BoMiwOp51xrLHm8o8YNcPV4h5HJZ3ZlAUte95RVed4lDByBDcisLnu+qb6V1chzveeATKsChUIdku7H7LDhBmnkFK0nWn62kIRGpToj6nfafM7gx/kclkaWvK1u+jlwO6QWrPw4TR9b+b7Fty3A4MxHP7tlF9WRBmD1jPvWNJLPtj+yLQA0dmCBW173rIj6RCKy1d+zsWV1xwEQQI0d4oBMKwIlU+tHbCmP0o3de++99/xVGgIi+xR+qE4eQ1K/GqAXW6W0yKaB+ksSbLdZeV33SWmbihrTYh0AsCB2ZMvraCDwibNy5LPf5Np+CkC2m73MyuRjmek0HPKbnBkhe1sOfkIr8v6dYWcfWtWiULpxmvKYZN+WWKa3Aqkn93W/1dU+4gYkZGlaXmmxxgCy9jn0eh+Ri2tEP43ZYhzw+bDKkncN6NSYPOIW+PR6MgGaHWwrpg4FuY+dJiOPuIU+3wJFo5XwsVfvdRzRt8AIQHaA8n+0yxBTD0uBfAA9i/LG3u+LfD2QQl372QX7PnY9XTvvaYc1C6KXa2BnQvkO/mioD777SU9Wx9DiS39DhXve7byoPRXAsi/ixJe9IQC0ZO6fLLJCPpSS309cAI7nnTG15+K+vSinzwyL6qjxDWH+9hUgA6NyACeil/If0GkXX0PPoZD8Cz1fj2dJDC98Cf6DQzuUS6ldZzkcPPJhVj4NgPUlG+IUS8d+JtOGmrjQV3Hd86MzrJQpqmtAMW1tiNGY5Cw//8NRQ8cKXWt0O71OsrsGvixdDW4W5/dHKsM7Aov9m0gn8i7hAZ12BRJ+RdRPe2q097znPfum7kM2wdyzn5OiMUeToyhO6T5jsGyPmHM91z2NwgHW4K5ZCU5lO8oa3LdBnErXhqUakeVyFnUEnfOnqN9Xk987hK5ZlWZkLCXKWnonlhfggcT3vywJUNHJDkj2oV2UQoFZE727jT6gQIBkBoAos0ZqWHLAxm+OlY7t96Rkw4Y0w4zZjEPUroU2GXOI9XI/9I8AtGkrNmU1rPFNSrNd39+LmMYCkTKdbicPcBqCRlIXP4eunr5dVoadYIeixzUYQGFtd4CyD+3imFIGwACLsdtsQq/tI6zGaqTHaSz/eafh/FiM9Ql5mXw/r2kV14wiJfvqztf+hhBkccyvMRsCAMozzqU4tKwsxNJZCDO7cp/vQD5Tc++Rn8Uil/e4xwIY7mw89vmD+mnwLCYAeK4/I2gzs3zJXKj8HR/lf4HSkrmGBYhlSlH1sACzHrXsPuZXRukj1SjI/ZXyKCerN5Jn3RvBvEzKI/taJA9wpgPlNizv0P8ChUIMPfVkjUk5NZ5QAwkpmyLlMRS1t+OesHs90z1p4np1jd17sHJrSA1W4xT3LPnI6b2uo2SXFsDGMpINCaV7d3JGlV2a+9LGPAdk2kXJ/cIxJWpIik6pmLVJ8UgevS1yDTQUXQN4Rh5xz449Wh7vcD/gAFENLX+NLVS2uNAQgWp817hr79PA3icuvXerq/cpy70Ak8yod0rzLBY/oNNiwY0yKDwFUlYNh1I8WlacBtQA7mskjOSTBkClofIGgihAAE0zJhRIApXnVvppCu/zrmilOiB5Kg8QhJ7teYCqjmO9D8i07qbgDu0Q2gHKDm2IdoCyQxugafofL0u7yfXdzOIAAAAASUVORK5CYII=)

90 I agree with the AR that there is no visual similarity between “F1H20” and
the appellant’s stylised F1 Formula 1 mark: see 2013 GD at [82]. She rightly
pointed out that the application mark is a “straightforward, unembellished
combination of letters and numbers”. But the appellant’s trade mark looks very
different. As the AR found:

The mark
![](data:image/png;base64,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),
on the other hand, features a heavily stylized version of “F1” and a much
smaller byline that reads “Formula 1”. The dominant feature of the mark is the
heavily stylized “F1” logo, which accounts for about 90% of the overall mark.
There are several narrow, horizontal lines that fade from left to right to
give the impression of speed, whilst the letters “F” and “1” are slanted
towards the right, further contributing to the impression of speed. The effect
of the stylization plays a clever visual trick, allowing the eye to see either
“F1” or simply a number “1”, from the impression created by the negative space
in the stylized logo.

91 Aurally, the AR rightly held in the 2013 GD at [83] that both marks are
dissimilar. She performed a quantitative assessment of the relative number of
syllables which the two marks have in common: see _Sarika Connoisseur Café Pte
Ltd v Ferrero SpA_ [2013] 1 SLR 531 (“ _Sarika_ ”) at [28][note: 77] and
considered how the average Singaporean consumer will pronounce the words. The
average Singaporean consumer will pronounce the application mark as five
syllables (see [87] above). However, the appellant’s mark will either be
pronounced as “F-ONE” (two syllables) or “FOR-MIU-LA-ONE” (four syllables). As
the AR held at [83]:

The Application Mark, although having the same first two syllables when
compared to the earlier pronunciation, contains three additional syllables
“H-TWO-OH”. In relation to the latter pronunciation, the syllables are all
pronounced differently, except for the syllable “ONE”, which is placed in a
different position in the syntax of each mark. Given the difference in the
number of syllables, the enunciation of the syllables and their relative
positions in each of the marks, I find that the two marks are aurally
dissimilar.

92 Conceptually, the marks are dissimilar as F1H20 is premised on the theme of
a water sport while the appellant’s mark is designed to give the impression of
speed: see 2013 GD at [84].

F1H20 AND FORMULA 1

93 Visually, the AR held in the 2013 GD at [85] that the marks are similar to
the extent that the average Singapore consumer would think of some formula.
However, the marks share “only some slight similarity” as the application mark
is an abbreviation, while the appellant’s mark is a full word.

94 Aurally, the AR found the marks dissimilar in the 2013 GD at [86]:

Aurally, F1H2O is likely to be broken down into its individual letters and
numbers and pronounced as “F-ONE-H-TWO-OH” (5 syllables) whilst FORMULA 1 is
likely to be pronounced as “FOR-MIU-LA-ONE” (4 syllables). Each syllable of
the two marks is different when pronounced aurally, save for the number “ONE”.
However, the syllable “ONE” appears at a different point in the syntax of each
mark, and does not contribute to any aural similarity. Accordingly I find that
the marks are aurally dissimilar.

95 On conceptual similarity, the AR concluded in the 2013 GD at [87]: “F1H2O
is centered around the concept of a sport held on water whilst FORMULA 1 is
centered around the concept of the top class of motor racing. The former
focuses on the idea of location (ie. on water) whilst the latter focuses on
the idea of status (ie. pinnacle, top in its class), and are therefore
conceptually different.”

F1H20 AND FIA FORMULA 1 WORLD CHAMPIONSHIP (AND DEVICE)

96 I reproduce this registered mark for convenience of comparison:

![](data:image/png;base64,iVBORw0KGgoAAAANSUhEUgAAAI4AAACfCAYAAAAvd+E2AAAAAXNSR0IArs4c6QAAAARnQU1BAACxjwv8YQUAAAAJcEhZcwAADsMAAA7DAcdvqGQAAEo4SURBVHhe7d0F2HVNVfBxFAu7u7AbFRsVFewCCwMbuxUURFAwQLFbFJWwMDDBwG7s7u5OsD3f9du+/+O693POfZ9zx8OL37Oua1179uyZNWvWrFmzJvbet9jcgBtwDrihODfgXHBCcf793/9981//9V+b//zP/9z827/92xL3z//8z0vcf/zHfywIPAf//d//vYQ9nyD+shBt1+g+4QlP2N7jB88T8C1emvgF8ej5P/7jPy5hoH7SofuXf/mXS1xp0Y6W52t6yeFf//Vfl7TSTdmBaHlWGFQHIO8//dM/LeF/+Zd/2fKEVvFAnsnT4x//+IWmOFdxs+yrhBOKkyAwQRiuEDOuASGWFngu7qqgsgnsz/7sz5ZwkDATHj6ET4PZaEBd6iABGikBWaxhKhGQP5lEnxIA8ev0FGKWB6ZMz4KUJvj7v//7zd/8zd/cdHf1sFWctBgzhYO/+7u/WypKOHqrNO4x61kN9Qd/8Aeb93//99+8+7u/++Y93/M9L4x3vetdN1/0RV+0+b3f+72FPp4IDA/K1TB4xUthaVwp0B//8R9vvv3bv33zxV/8xZuP/MiP3Lzd273d5iu/8iuXZx/+4R++lPFO7/ROm8c+9rELfbRByocO+Id/+IfNp33ap20+8AM/cPOO7/iOm+/5nu9Z4n/pl35p817v9V6LcklfB5LeFU/C5OY5BdS4eA8e+chHLjQ+9VM/dfNzP/dzm4/4iI9Y6q2sD/mQD9m8x3u8x8KnK7zLXe6y+YzP+Iyt0qRsaCvzesEJxQHf8R3fsfm4j/u4zSd90idtHvjAB24++ZM/efOxH/uxW/TsUz7lU5bwfe97383HfMzHbD7hEz5h8+mf/umbD/qgD9rc4ha3uFR8gRd4gc0jHvGIhTdCIrAHPehBiyLc+973XsrGx8d//Mdv7ne/+y283f/+91/4I/zXeZ3X2bzkS77k5pa3vOVC7+Ve7uWWfE/2ZE+2LeMzP/MzF/oauAao4/zar/3a5qM+6qM2z/3cz71N/8Zv/MZLfd/1Xd91ub/Pfe6z+cRP/MSFF/K5173utfDkXlmeC+MRX/e4xz02n/u5n7vI93a3u91C49mf/dk37/Iu73KCryd/8iffhic+53M+5+ZLvuRLtso6Lc/1gq3iJCjWYhezx6AKayjXi2CNfc973nPhTaPC53qu57qmzNMQrXkNn/qpn3q5fvZnf/ZCP+sFagzPpHnKp3zKhZ/ZsPAZnuEZTtwfi+ih3b3wUzzFUyxh16d/+qffPlfW0z7t0y5hMtBmFGcOkddLibaK03Dz3u/93ieYFn66p3u6LfMqSuBVTmPc6la32lZoLdjLQL0ZJJjnfd7n3T5Tfrzgwz3+hEsTin+ap3ma7b16uX7hF37hQt+wEuSffN7nfd6SRv2e6ZmeaavMT/VUT7UtQ501KhnFj7hnfMZn3D4rLD0ekmFx8qWYcNahOOHwhV7ohTZ/+7d/uwyvKY4rRboecI3FMd7G3KzMZHqNBEBo0lE29/JeBqJv+Ak06PM93/Mt8RpvKkKKI57gi4d4qtFD6Vz5QNEGLE8d6cu+7MuWNFMG0a9BDR1ZCli6kNJNPpOVMH4p8LM927Mt9+hOPpPpMz/zMy/pUig0hX/1V3914ZPSxPP1gK3iBO/7vu+7ZTrGC6ukSs+eQIjiZpqZ5zKQfxBo1Fvf+tZLfEIsHV6UTfD7eIrnGl4cf2UN9VxKFZ0wJUFXAwpHSxza4rMy7qHn0lIA6UqPH+jeszpf6aVRJ1f0KgvNP//zP1/4BHiejvdVwlZxGhvvdre7bStUL9E49RIVqVIqK02VyvRfNjZUAXxymMVPXvCGh/KIrzEI2DMo3hXPNYDhCEwznwV+8IMfvKVZPSsHLcrRc/cpFZkpv/safCoJep4Jo/msz/qsC6/i3Esvjefxit5Uwoc+9KGLX4Zfw9Z1H6p2KU4MUo4qWAXgFIr0s/dfJj7gAQ9YeAPM8fM8z/Ms8cpeCzbED/6EXeMRznTQlD/aGgDmN8yhihVJeaKXjODkZ17jzXXeR6tnfKiehe5hZSqjelHA2972tpvHPe5xC69P1KHqfd7nfa5hfFZgPrteaEkgMKtKcabirvMcg5//+Z9/E/X/6UAUp56b4kAWVWOHk8b1QgqU8tVRH/3oRy+8gizlVcOpijOVZYavN1obCQgm5xjiifLM9MfiLsUJHvKQh5xIW6PNuOuJrF6z3azV137t1y68sjhZyquGJwnFsbAXWJx74Rd+4e0zwstnOC+uFWcu5+ccK4eFa8h4YsiCyzD9o+d4judYwoa4lhSaGV41PEkoTtPxP/qjP9rc/e533/Y4DXlRpYG7LE5WxwqtNBTGlPmi1u0iuG6PeMGbLZHrCU8SimP7A1Cc13/911+UhdJYWJtT1/PiWnFAO+gPe9jDtumUO+VR/PVGilKd6zif9VmftfBr2+R6wJOE4tj3AY49vOmbvul2eu0KL1txOOBteM7pOCSDJ6afk9K44qG62/P6xm/8xoXn6wE3e8XhDDZd/pM/+ZPN277t2y7KMvm56AxnKg7ncvZam5HS6NkaS1k12prO9UDlV9/4aEngDd7gDW7i+urhZq84FOUnfuInFt5+67d+a/Mmb/ImyzBlKgrrgbvyHoq7hqrf/M3fXJSo6Xh7UU9sazPbwzWehN/yLd/yxnQ8fKu3eqvt+RdD1Z3vfOdtD6M4l7FaPRUnwTs68fCHP3zBmZYF1Fgz7nphQxTcNSl4m7d5m+3u/lXDlSqO9JnWULxKa4Bois9fKU3Ip/n+7//+hTf7Mne84x23C1/n4WliCvgFX/AFC32LfinOX/zFXyzXL/3SL92mt70wrZuyd1k78RpXeFqJGt20ujhXdV4rA7q7VuzJbW5zzCm6Wd+HfuiHLny3Ch6wpIbgy7JIV6I4eqRG2SXUY/EN3/ANN9/3fd+38MbHefM3f/Nl2Og5oR9bjjyEn5KacoOGqbnfwxpJo3GU4zrlUNmUefIhjUZOITRwzybOjiKMTnFT6WB0PBfP2ipTuOsrv/Ir38T5/6x5cfI7pHeZi4NXojgqlhA18qu92qttXvqlX3rzCq/wCkvFXv7lX37zMi/zMss1dDLvZV/2ZReU7jVe4zU2r/d6r7dYAwoDfvd3f3fzWq/1WovwQmUR8JqHXSi9hlGPrA1McfRGSMDt+3DMpZmNWQNOJdrl/3jeM1cLdk4Hqt9LvMRLLPtMrYJnRckNbfxVL3HC6BS3rkP8OaloaK8OFgTrEJdlbcCV+zi3uc1tNl//9V+/mHw7uV/91V+9rI1Yyv+Kr/iK5QyweOhevLhv+IZv2Hzrt37r5q//+q9v4myz+au/+qtlw9MxS4Ju72hXubuQBZCH8GfPbtWVgAnb1ZQczL0qKI+GRSvFqAE9q+crA9aB7Og7Kqoh+U2m+eTCL/HcelR50Ifxh0ZhV+XOZ7Nd8GUCMY9bUBhWB6rbZSjQlSlOaTm3FwW9JzNLkfRWtBPiLPcQpDR6JiG771hFCmOoyrxPHweuh2AN7TgEXlgEqO7SwSxJ+23rA+Us6qTd8OZ+yrwrhTLMpqzuSz8VrJkoUBflkmHKc1G4cotzhzvcYaFLyzVKCnAM5OjpRd4yqMGPRYKdjU7orilOwxNoz6dZFQWlFDWOsPziZ+O5pkCVA22VgHnQiv/xoz/6o9vjuildYUoXvxQlpdiF0teJ8MCyz/PTWZnLsDbgShQH4zVui1J6cZouXM8T574hIpiVBdJTHK/kdOaYsDRavfoQXFupd37nd9784i/+4tITe2crv0Cc4dFrP2ZZVmY5y3yySc+1dR4yEueaYkIvAfzhH/7hQh+oT1btUY961JJmKk4KWX4ydW9Io0TSkbHrtDTQcOwI8C//8i8v9Kccp89zEbgyi1NPSXEm8wTWzCXFEberV1AoVkpcFXZQmyAJF0/C6/JPw+rB5MtrOAJZnMpRJr66p0Tei9IgP/ZjP7Z5zGMes/mwD/uwvfTRtnMtTHE6DN+wkfX95m/+5m3eY+qiwyiLHOoQz/Isz7KEvQXxIz/yIwt9oC7kbEp+s1Ucla8HzGVwDBOWa9j9VBbh7nsOWBu9vnec9Dy9dJZ9GuIpvuSj3Bb6EnAOMWhYhfXS+J1gNZviQbv4ZkqzzHwRL9oB9aKgFDKLY5XaycssodmkjV0zOmjW54U92x+O0X7wB3/wsl7z0R/90ds2yUKlTOJ++qd/eqFvSFQu3is3mZ4XrkxxEliKg9EEphLdVwHXqSxVtDjwO7/zO8vbjPViDZ+wD0FKQ2FSGnHf8i3fstDWG/NrQIqj/MnndJ6LCzz7qq/6quXFumZLoWk4qP5oTCX8hV/4hSUdeXkp8jQwpBo6vanqpUPOubzJonby4t+v//qvL2VOUO6a92PhShRHuvyOFAfzMKaFCY8Qaxz3IVgL9/d///eXBjlGWXZhw8FLvdRLLW9qAkozlfQskDZlN/S4zgbSsN4izTq2oludYB0J8KNe6ZVeaekcAZrSybOPN861dSFlZE1hHZelCqJ3GXAlisNk7hqqgAZKEIRWDwbGX9Ptnq+FpTHMQKzjcACdPbaAxlfhnJ6GnEoLcJBSv+iLvujyQhtQjjLnVywOBXkNoTVIHQK4mrFx5r2yDChL9VJ+ZZKLe8+EYVZB3LR6nvG3xFtYJWedISs60evSARrKuwzlubKhqvAbvdEbLXSnU0agc1YVJFBxHEmCnPm8fGZxi+UxbhMesw1NPSHB7EPPNbLNUlgjiU9ZDxVqSg9mHcTPRtdY6iAObVedAx/7IDlIjzcO+S6+pGvlWcfw0p5wQ7Kw0wX5OgBf0b8IXIniQKbSi3NeuAcEtmaYWVYx4/AaCHb2Mnk1wG//9m9vG/1YIPyGBkBZxCmj66F0pc+yAIrZPTpZnhRMXdbA72H5XvEVX3GLhqxAfnKLZ7wlD4Cu4Za8KUtWXjux+q46MWcayI+P88huDVemOCqhUtNUEoQx9x3e4R2WdQaryszrm73Zm23e7d3ebZmyKr+vR+wD1qaerEcCwjgLNUAKYiHOfcoJpyKcBeihlUI05IoHrtGlVFlY8YZbuOvjCc7U+AqGKTqIprKUUR2EKdWLvdiLbR1++V0pC/nXXj7vAuSTB08XhStTHPjiL/7i21VZi3emk/NzIbBeMtFbDN/0Td+0rSBhzTAgzGMVB6JD6CyacA3hmfAxyiNf5QP0xHVNqbr+6Z/+6fLZk1lX9efs1/ChzWALgwBv6OE7+vjE7/M///MvebMwrvk6OchOFBju0MGL60XhShXHd2m8XqKiNic7R5IPhF6rn+5VmtNLkHbPf+AHfmDpqYREaAGBzcpPq7EPEz5aKYd40DN0WvM4BOSnvNJXDjopIFrugR1+aznqmYWgNBpZvZuFkkUNr+P91E/91JIf7ZQlUG6r6GSWg1x+fg/a9vam5U/5LgJXojhVXuNbFPvxH//xbY/SC6A004kWnvcUyhGKn//5n1/40kAJrZ4HCPM0R3MXELh8KQghMuHKOAbKjxf5J1/A89L4cIJ6qbfGtBZltre2NBRAB9OB3DuchTalrhPV6GizONKR95rWRFP2eKHQ6FwErkRxGn74Mj47Vrz8KkhBCvcMUqh6Xvi93/u9C18aZVodwiTIhoFDgfLJC6byAA1yqMWpIcFMT3HQVU4NbAdcw3WkQ72Sg7BrFmg+IyPOsyF+DolZRvQ7KRCdLA96U8am7QDPU7nPC0cpThWFjZ9hTJb+Ld7iLZZv5Blu3E9fRuX0uu7DdRnQSrFVVUBgNZKrxjlWCPJNGmuosc8CefelnWWAPvnGkjRcu5KDcDKDU6HIjLJZt7JKDNQXUgD1N5yVb7YJGu5THDS8e3VZH5g8SnFiyDCiUiq/y9zaZ/HynKVz+y7ipK83oDUV6TS0adeZYI1BaARWw6wb6eYIyTQZqD+ZpSCuNfCuOGiFWz1ZszqLe7Mqz6WF6LoqAw0dNLk7VNdZ6ovK7CjFwRAtzlpQGmN1PcczH5BsSDH1Fo9pFcp8roVyFrYWBPTyteLcnMGRDbOaWR/yIwuKNBt4pvE8C6Kj/szP/MxSd0qTpTPk9q2g2klbTFruoyPcF1wvCkcpzmRKpWEKoHItNAUpjnQEIQyF14I6DX2tcxckyJszfM7nfM72C2J1HH6cIUiDkg3FqfOFnuXvmR357O708dSb3zMVJ1ryahfhSZPMHc9tq+UicC7n2LWKl9bJvCCn0RTQs3UFJq1DsC9yURQWJivTsHVzButYHFgy0LmqEyXSuHVAcVMmWffuHdvo9GAWB1jy8HzdGSkbZYym8g370v/QD/3QTbnPD+dSnLDjDT7kDKyQtrAGsjhZpQS1pnMWZnEoDPM810eUdXNWHicGzYyqi7rPBi2OXMhnxmvsZGZ/DrAyLT+QwfxW0ETWSv4UaiqoCctF4SjFwUj3aTflyALYmNSQrYd4H8oLdQQ1hZKQhM9CRw1afk9x5uzq5q444K3f+q2XuvRl0eRKLhpY4xZPxnzHuSzhuT26wMEztKyw29iUp3TRm/Ke7eaZN0im1ToPHKU4rirr86zCHOGmiRpTA3bFmB7hYNPMX7jKnoV8BBYGoAspTWWAiwrhqsH+k7oYPpKDBs7yaEzPqrNGr7EdHXm/93u/hY5ZqrDtiNJKx/KnaDpleVMe98rouTPTfKaLwFGKgxHjdENUh6Bmw1EW91mE7/qu79oy3PVQpYFVkKWJZlC56/ibG/ApWF710YD8wyw2eZBp967TWpC1Q2C+g2glXRwkw3wgSiOfuOQsP8V0X9vB8vcS4nnhYMWBGIlZ8V5kc8RhDaxOYLvBx5CigwaMZrQItEqHr/mar7n8GANYvzCrYKYpE9M9y7koUEJWbAJn9Gd/9meXFwPht33bty2br/wNR0KE5zNnh9c0gPNC/geRQjjqmVXQ6NNpNkylRJ6/+qu/+vIiX3HyZalYqdkJybBn7pW3VqTSWlidx1l0+HUHPK1Dnqo4mIqxmCk+JjiuDlhZZ8AIQVMW6xca3SshGp15pHTyogULq5zFxJRShV/kRV5k6ytlWewuezVYGu8p6cnKtZ/1kz/5k2eiDUOr2fjFo2OXOZqUsCExoBiVN9GfZyw9rOM1xnd/93cv9bba7U0IyvQqr/Iqy8zKn3XUMVmS4WxMcqihpXOQvg8u2PcTT1nmGePaB6I7rco+rHzHWQD5sujTgsPud8HBitM9ra6BoR4z7yHGVMr+iA8/ahyM+MVPYzlaCa6KQD3Lgtn0Z1gaPcKqJ2Fm7vXOtZU6BpVrKAW7etf8r4WpbPVUbp/I56RmDcgiX2ON3uTsw1DSSzcbWZ34jsX1TT+dx0nHthYgvqVHx3XK7xh0/gmYDVd/Mk/ep8FRFicGu879FhWGU4l8SMCCU2BYY/59XjUHL6FrAH9qMd1c76ewBipGcRz+2tc4ZyElwy8+q1evxqBPWA2JIMUxlFCWGixlrSOtlT8ki9L6PRNQf5bTpILvQiEcePOxBY4wq0jBHC/Fk4bU8ymQuqOlTDzNMpWjXrv42If8LiNCZ50BWZPBWXCUxVkrxtT2ntU4roab+QOPwLSdOf/O7/zOxTfQ65l1Ag0IjsBUJF/GYbA73elOW2XDm3JT3rOwhsdnfBuygAbKAc9Ee/VEGnVJAZSFRrIRj1ZyEi6ta/Fe3APKCQyzvizhTLD6wxZPAT4oc/Vv62LyU5nKqU6HokN1/p81QXlZm5RpFxylOJjVUMKEVxzEdD2vOEOVYxUgIcTULqDp+RwsT1aghqQ4rQtVTjy6PwTliXf4wz/8wwtt5cxxHjgTPK2bvOpfea7iPKPM8YO/yZfnvVdFMZQD1HfdOBRLPKQw+MkC+kFL8ofoT36KPwTlceV8T8BPeBoc7Ry7Eny93LUwwcHSOoPiMyEAI4RRw8wGqhd6ziR7FuPCPbdBRxkTHt5qTGWehdInaPlhy+/KU85UbFsmXjcubeVGq7CroSM+XOPL1fMURznKyIokF8qR4npGwcSDOg/r5HUj9Mh81j1eKu8srC5218l1tofyKnsfHO3jKJBTWLz7elh56tGGqv4+lwKkEGvFSDnEEyBBCos32yFMM6LKix89fU5nT0O8yVPY1fBQuWugOI5mJmQov/Kn1YLSRD/asPB6A5hDmvIA5avntHrJBnCQgX079OaCYXWiNMf4f3jTMdCcM0p8NaPdB0crTlgaYT5Dfkf5XDHVv6DmHhbGCGg2lqFpju9g3Zh6hgUxs4/pax2L+ItfU3LQ8DHhAz7gA7Z5qnN+nPvZu5OV5xTZs+QA+z0k0KN1DPKA5JFsPFNvPZ7Tanie4DSgjhtdCtsMDU9Tyc9Cac0OjQxzQhJPp8FRPk73GMw094yg1o1p7aFvFKcoBAMnYFIchgks7S9tCuRTbtFWfpZH73c9C+Vb85nF0bPzJRKa5f3SQfmSQXJQNjl0P8uCyag3ObMgIAsDplwsbs4Tf7MRfeSgn+ZGGw/qBWcHPg3lzWqSJV5SWKAtitsFW8UpQVNQSAD1nITRVfwUEJRu3ptmdnpv9qjCwWTOswQofj6zmBbt+BJe83EayjP5nENVfHWtE63lMMvrfsZNrCwrx0A51Y8S7aory5sSg+KLs5yBpjJZYAqgHMqwj481Tp7l1UnIN1DmelSYsFWchOUf17OA2UDHotXSviEcA7sU51D4jd/4jYMFswunsMIUZ0K8TsWpd6c8k8ZpWNoUB1AYZYSHQkrma1vRZ2EoDusrHJ+HoHz5ShY4ra4D5bA8p7XTQYpzjKAmXqXiuB7LV3lmviclxQHkZwnBjvvkidKs3YezkLJZ2OzeuhKYw/Y+uEZxLENP4scKauINxblcxZlOtL3A6c/gL5+vuGPREIg+XE9U1nCN4niHG5EYuAgjNxTnf+V3WRYnsPJeGbkTeDxmOi4fhx+PLI9jpXb6QW9D7INrFKd3gBA7RkC78IbiXK7iTNk51lEZFICT3DmpQzA5qJdvBqmX+CYzeLQ1tI+/gxVnhg/FG4rzv3K7LItTesOWs8P9XjGLQ4lm+YegfIY54doLGK728XeN4tz1rnddCGAkLYRrgR+CNxTn8hXHbGc6rr0eo+Ebdmb5+9CMCkpveEvh/D7Bl+1Pm4qDreJoUPCkpDjr8g7BdT2eWIoDzqM48k7F6VAXpZkLm2fhVJxWunvm45fgtHbaa3EQQjTlIbiEF5Zmxk20IZniRJ/ipKSHQsKdC4DKrew1D/G9jq8zzPiOVcSfsgqnOPKoe3l30YbidsXDFAdtw0xKEx4C8kpLfq3w+pjm3II4L1KilMdhM6vGp7XTVnGCfJyUJPNn6gencDCsQOGwwgnXHoi9FZVt2VyPqccdCqWfWw7KqQFrVPHdM91T0cWrS2N5fPbPA704PhNYiiMfWuqvHDSiE675mPGufZJfOdN3oAyHdiR5KUyKEw0feJhlHoPxB7WlOnjzdN/bs8FWcVoj8Il6RBL8JOx+CmxtcYStRNYD5iZnoNL16EOA0tS7mklonImVvw+lwXf8pjSwTc5dDeij1dI0HED1I2A0KVThnsPK8MyKrLgUR300OBQ+VGnWgN++1O6fXspQ5iHyCPFnGq4e8pJR+Z21Pg22ipP2NlSpfEqxy7IopOcKq1EgRsRbF+g1DL2Mw3WM0oCEDKbFiYfKUu4UmvusxBSoK2ew9Y58HHzhsW8DgixO+SFBT8srzrVyK4O8ZrkNVdWFwsDuDwVWxzCC3zqUU5b73ujch/jCH5wGgr/jmSOtXn/a114nhioN6x3wdSGHoIIJS2MSrDgfR/SmJyAkVq1GOQ/MRa9DEE+EkmBc1w3aCUBASA0HYD1U6UAp6jHoGEjfQgzIQXkUZ1/j7AIybFgFrj4pU4e/KCYr55Ae8YhHbF2MNVyjOE7XO2XG/Pm2jbD/YAp7w8C5Vy+GiXOM09WBrTUDhimvkXQYvN4FG+ePBccNvNLxuq/7usu7Wsp2dY8//PjNEadcz1nztEafh+0PKwQUTzVk/t4aWVJyUCY5+faycqHvOotj6vl4ZOW8cb4UOaSgKY64Q0Da8gDKV0f0UoAylR0v+1CbkhW+b3/72y951Me/y9v07Cci+3jbKk7C8s7RYx/72M0P/uAPLgtMjlZ6t8cn1cxA7KA6YC7eIWs91kk5m24EiTEv0vn6U6fWVG72EqbWCbhDYAoHDTw53I4/fHmPCb/eU+evuPeioPO5KRaeCClFF2c24h3q/ASdZv35D5/NJUz55UND4zhjxPopk3AhviB54Ms/Ihyb9douk9+Jupxb5dWZkv1ZQLlryBQ9mXqnTbvgKV5OQzyWVrtCvDrrYy3HQf3TYKs4GgVTGDq0IhOqwBrQTWjoEliKcAg4GQjjC4/n4W8Nk1/hGrCw8i4K6+OXeK/uKU3lHgIUBV+QksdjSngMKHfmcQJwzYc0++DEUAWqDEAIU+4xiXGKEBAC61GcdLMS8uthM4/weRoF7bVw0J9x7tHeJUSNmAIG3UN1if9ZB/XzPthUds/JovJhMtsFnqMD17CuwyFAptM6optfdhofa1AndcEDUCdyIg90pkVbw1ZxKth1MlHmBCysokx8Agt7PsF9jAXSVcYhkELAhDzLjf46TDDydO9ZVwIqLcAPRfIcAmWhUT5CRq/70k2QZ3aOmT/U0OWVvrRnATpTafGckkf7UJBfPtc6NvcBPXTwfRq9reIQWhWUCVGAOYS7B55XwARpPJuAZnGex6y8MF8HvUlz0pEeHzUa0PBVWJ6piPUcIM1MV360KH/P5F/7XfEK5DVVr5HdT5kAaUP8F65OwL2y4JQFcJ0KF2+unsHoAvVEQ541L4aeKZMJ0a4s9MRFRzmuZBhvazhhcWJoFyBaRYJZ8fJWkdMAkwlP5dGlNGflmyBfPMuLpita03TvgoR8VjqgbsoCyjgNEvhFQFkUGm+VRy7qibYyxNcx9gFDIL36kQtI7q7HyHoXbBWnhjdb+Lqv+7rlF4a+hGV24AsUGHXqzL+yzZagSqpIlYkGMOPytQefJHE4CC3/Juh1D2nrSehUET3Fi2fK7RMiEK0+ELAGglY+i5FAvUpjiiqv2Yb6QLOH+a40UC/PpFOusvBqcdC71fjTCI973OM2j370ozePfOQjlxmZWQj6ZNLsjFVCr2dQejM+vKmnGY2y0ILKhGaK8qc4E9QvGbt6v7x6KcNVOa7ar/zKzJJSGuE6CxrqgX+0YO2EH69o71OwreLUq3xRovUKC2WupqAa0/6FDw1Y1PNq73wXR0Ng0rTQ6THrA9GZeP/7339ZAW6qrjcQRgyaWveZ+TWKp9iWBJyPtXTQ93mUPXu7PbJdNPBlPShlB20trNFn5DQE0BD+wrIrHezXAT4a4M846+fWSZSr3i/4gi94zXNoPcxiHshapOB4Fa6OvtGzi0aoLECudVCgHimV4xO78oYWAinyLtgqTkJstTS0UopAWLwV4r7IFVN65zz8PPNZ4p/5LSYCDZ6lorw+3RZ9Vyu9FvPmim3L4sLWYyagRTG9x+S5g05WQ8vrd4csB0hZ53tKTtHVYV77tV976YUAn9aq2m6IJj68BpTixL80eG5r5s53vvNiuX1kiUK2Gl1Zrr4h1C+mU2zlBuqWrCiGfOTTtor7aEUnK8OKlTdIcVosbd8Kz9pL/JmKA/R+ZzFiQIUJ0jUGEewjiBaPAq/nzu19eQgVIz4H775nEHMWCoGhI+d89gL0Erxrq5quaOOFBbRIN3unl9Z6CzOFxQcURyGCPuwYTj6lmxbHQX518UyjJ2SfJ0lxHCMp/0Tl/Mqv/MryRqsFNvIUjw4a0Ip0Fkd9GgVYGeXX8IYT1jc5oIMXdRWmAD6rMj+GPZUObTDfz5pXPEH0+wjEGk4oDpPmxx0y10gYKrzGfoljPJwf/lEZTLgSEKEUr1JpOAX05aoEpIf5TZFnhID5BBOii6ZrdB0DAFkQb0HaVCy9KzopjgYKbDuIo4Cuyq1R7Wz3mRY86lRri1qd2rqwJ+UZ3tHqd4eGKsO4hlD+5MuVZeR/5eirS9aC4sxhmF9SGVOmaEIWR5u1D6dd57UO5tvJ6MCUkIxqHx33YIuTj8O6VClIoWixpXfCZm4bR31YoDyYTvC7UBqMqTQmnSXhMBOMxvnyL//yJR2hZ36l8X8Iw5sGTuhouBoq9KYUhx/U8ZBQXaJnDylgVcSxrGjjvXTQ59eABrSROP97meISMH8LNFR5rp41AotDuXwDiOySUXVgQYKURwOTiSvMAedcywPJIpmuO1T7hMmFIqKbEuq06veqr/qqW+OARrzpOGdanIjN96pUXsVYhrRXr2AqH/awhy3DC3+iPNJi2lUFNJBnGtFrN/VWjM1hrfekmeOHPvShS5yGrgKdIjQD0bgpdM99gHqa8gc/+MHLN4CnAgincJxTNNGjdOIInqCi3dV3/YDhlOKshyphSpfFmU65NNHhi/EJ1dVQVeNWBzxRGKAeNXIgTh0dn9WB5UEDffXCS51dpxNnVtmwRPHQyJpldfhQX/M1X7NVnGQEnUM6U3EaLtZvcmLCjjRl4XCxMjleYKbHNGEJ+4wbkzrhtre97Tathkxopn0qolJez5hpXP3RH5iuupcvgbmnJAkd9GHHFHUKYyoQXt0TeA0p7Hm82SwFZpBmVfl3IRoUbu3jpDDoubI4ZkJMv7PYylB26Zwm8Czl1+AUZQ0sr/Tx7br2BT3Hv4kA2YLoTpjDX29LyJd8dKaDhiqQiZ+VghGDep2dVdDUU/o5/lsbADHs+vZv//aLqUerSso30yf4Gg7anebsOtEvvsqVl5JOcJxDPP6lqSfKk7J47h7PWY748txVXEMVxbnLXe5y4ns50mk0+Tm+YM4KowF9v4/TriH4ONEI0W04yhchM3FZB9Cf9vLJCmdlkltX30feBZMuq9NHzyeSzUFDFczHwUSVS7MTBIL9ua4DRGtTZzEKMIvMPGuiEp1Uq/GFoUUskKmnYCkuPgim3ivcy2d8rjXkGE/F13vqjSlRz4Q1/hw+o2+NB6iDYVfd0dFYKZy4FCd/D00yiWd+GqukISh6DRsfFIeiaINpHYQpbcpkHUz6EC+GuY63okde0e3rpZREG7iuh8ELKU4aaExfEyCkBAB9dNAqLqUofY2UMzi/iJ4gHBhSwdKEhhoOn3QJntDXyhWm0MruP916cqa3n6Zq/KksKX/CpSh46dmso3tXZ3BYCkO5TpJCeR4N+dYWh1JJk1zMqqzjaAiTi+pQOab0gSGqFV5twpcEFj77vP/klUtQZxGvY/XMzAlQPMpCxrU1BBdSHEAR5lCVOax3hJ61MDZ9HPHSEpaTb3OLwNRdr5KOUtRbISeOiVZ+Pg5aBJCAwxpeuI82EWyzD9DiX40684doUCr8Up5opmjxZ62Jb4U+qzGVPhrqmwK3nLDmm+JQLvU0aUhhKte3+KalmVCH8FWv1sTwHa9OKjoFKYxvZac8Zkw+iwJSFkpE1sGFhyoEWwBUMb0LkwTDz7DCSlF8hCdn0OzKN3rlmaYeWt6370OY/JsUcVYM9oK7npbgYY3HwnEehVNMYQ6nWV4CTxi+H+w53pVVesJJQMqv0aCvh1GMGpTCeW4bgLnX4Bo/RSwv2srgtFos5AdFE9a4eDUDtUXiaKt8oec6lTUgyxE6ktODFuiSM5jfOZYvpa2sWVf1k05YvUAKeKmKgxjC632WFCcfJKh3A18Nl5aiEbw8NcBEQk+QUMU0mM029DDJing2BeIAfcNPPSqhOA4ayK9h5lfFYLxY9u8wviETHWHDBN/K/tdMXwPxo1gcCtR0vHqisbZqUwb5fiw5X8XKMOcYXfmm5V2jGZwPO+oYFLcvjlau60zvHt3Jvyu/FWjj2W6FLzxUIZRzPBsHEmwgXdoLvDtVuhxCJr0ekXVJkAmab8N8Ewx6xuC2HFivBGNdxk618KQjrBcG/Ck9tM3IBBhSSssKMw5aOwJ96Qp/6l75GizwX4bSoC/NTFvjuc5O0pfVKY/OIo18U8YheVEoe1d44+voDPlXMLmSgwZ2JTPIsseXtDoMGoCctV8ILqw4YP0mJ6QEzZI08q5NM4tppZdXxWDCnUNDiqNHTe+e+aQknsmbchgGKJiV4wQ0+eNPZXotxOVAhpX7kIc8ZMunhol+7355Pi1Az/0+AKivdZ2G3KnAGklecTNenKHCrj/wxXgKoX6eJ6PCriG/xysqoL/slRaqlwVBfJkc1IHFS1e9oQ9hsziAS1AYXEhxWgDMOZ4NY+FubmjSWqixsjwUwDmO8kSD0lEUQsnyQM6cxURWYmp+s5KJ1i6ANytmPPr1ajM2O89WZ72iMtOF/Cf1mMKH3mbYRT9U/0ADTT9G41Aa9avBpuysGKObnDjRh748p2P1negW6NaozoE3Xfl3eImHlJHiaaNGi9npyX1ax4mWIXbBVnFaedWjZLAsboajsTlrCMzCgPsaHbjnLDP5c5U4pECmjZ736i3li66whjdc6f2ujnm0Q+0566An3Pve914cbgqo4fkslvP5OI95zGMW55KjGR2vzPhogfMwnM7KMF1tn4lSsHgPf/jDl+eeGWL4cKBpMV9IHe573/teYyVC7yXJb99s9m7WWn3Qjz/y7R4WZuXjTR68lVY+aTT6bIeGdKvZLGMzRrMrsG5DQKHUJ5lB9MmhIW4NW8WpR7AaGrehyYJTs56GA4BRiBF5yx/I790cL6NZ9TUj09jzRx9T6WZ4wnqLA3BSmVD7Z604a1xCXPNxKOwSKNCjzdzwR3EmfZ1JnWxxmGlCK81+bpsVC9DfV8ZFobYAXAg8PeABD1iQc+1HH/moZDTdg31yPwtO+Dj7hH5e4vvgvPRmz51wFr25j3UskEmW5v8C5JJcFE4oDqeJuWZhWAYzAKh3Gwage8MBk99z6R2NKE46cRxBaXvuXhiW9xDUs03ZOYLFsUKsAfrKk8YV3/hw7+peWB7lH4KVUT3LD5U546QX50p28qhr6aU9BKMFZ3xx0TsLpSUHQ9ysezhpnobxtK9TnlAckI9jbDQj4DRZfONDcAL5KeIhX8MU0SxHuuLKJ71x1uZkceU9BqNjkcw9OiE+7Wvhiz8mLr7Kz7HEo7B0Z6G80XKfLCobfShcHP74FWZTxR9aHlSea/km9nzXszVKW/212ZoffEarsnchJ1/+M2dVbeGb808n7wb+/40s1i7YKk7+A6+cV+1/4RxcG2hmIQ77uOeMds8TF16jmZVXNKRHRzr3sHB0z8J4kA9f4iyKoWGNQ1icsCv+5IlfC35mN/iQJ7qnoXTSdx/PwmiabUD36lqeUNnJoHyn4Tqd/OFMU/gslDZ5qYcZGb53pd2H8pP7nBBNOKE4l+0E34D/u7BVHDOPtXYZvuYU0gyD6ZrTuUOnv600U85jpqXS42POjCaf1kW87uIlOKuzLKbdbEcQOHcT0NqFPbsorOvVgtt5IXqn0TiU/qHtBNAM98EJ59hijxmPGUszFDMGp/PFWczyYp5ZQ0RdKYXNO+kdj4TyyyMsfcCyEairPGZL0obu0RG2yprCEOKcjvP88cas2nKAxmQbiI5mWsC0doEHuM/krgWkPOXG2xp3PbNii198e2ZmtQtmOWQirzyTFkSDTMHME68TgRlQbZYMW/9KlsLiS1dZzQiPha3iZEV6q7Fla164a8v0jgSsv9TkI0qe8eblMwuaS+9mVfWenHAK6JkZC6+/fMrjzbcia28JaPiECe5xj3sssyWromYJrmYQlekqHh+ORjhEFRB4/KBrUcyV0jhn1LliPMjvGuIV7bYa8CveLMUzPM3fKNa45DWVt3PH8R59YWVbuAPT0k6ILnDcQx558WtWhFbtJl6YfGZ9xKmrIzNkoKzKm/R3wQmLA3qTE2FXTMx7xx41giEr5UlxIGZKG3r1w0blnNrZFvCMwOWZ6cMOUQWGJXQcwp47xTABpYjzmXhbAPioQQiGBasOrK3e54teGnPmnbRCSjPTTbQ84OSgLYJpfWZjzPfQZr7C/YpxKt7MP8M2fyedkGxbKtn1PCR//HgpwJCvLAq0HnonbBWn3mAZvwNDGgMSUIUL233OcgCfcvMsi1MjpukqYGPPsBXo2ZUhTz1ZmLI69+KEvp4AmG8bfg51yVd6+etJ4sVp1DAljn982EYBWVlKQ4mU5Sw15ZN2XZeJ4iuTEs/ylSXvrW9962VoqAyNnaJ2+K06oElO4jSiGRXQeGRdvmAqjrdQ5IPoqLcwusLx1vOwNJ0xYj2de/JW7rSOu+CaoQr4oABCCdsVAyrpXsNO62FPRHwKVmO5FobO7gZZnFA+9FXIlTKwAAGn10JkQlCW3oQXeeUj+ISS0KRzTxmynnq2NzTzmVw1rOV4jvbs+WF1Qav7eJlWTpnuS2faPmXFatpwbbdbXZNR9AztNjOBdrHlMRUFnKY404q7n23g2WwjZc76WsTsX/GnwYmhKmY6EzOVZTYCk88Ep2wdMJ9p5EsQMenoZLBWnMqqorS/3sqZ65UX8SqPNkWYjaZseUO05tkd9/EEOZUgk6w8QxnLWRp05MffOv+UjyssfTzZ9LRVEiizY7DxKYxusnPfjjxLQ86HKk608BC/+KwcZZBbfIfiSmOioQMdNFRhJHPYKyoJHkGNhQHxDiKxBiqkp9qNFT81V4PKI6+wvP26j5M7XyNxlTaFQMepu2ZjdtmlqbKUp4ZR4Zxk99HKuihX+fKKzxq4WhibQ25HR2FCL4+rOKf3+HmcSjRZxgTuPhlB8U4j9nUMQHEcVpcWfSid+uC5ejScpiAacSrLaYpT2dFyVV73sLJ7RoZ4oFiee+VmPTxO2CrOdIasGiZgxGDCgRqu96o631ta4ZiGCUa8mRDBsTa3uc1tljjCIuwqIU6Pd7SDX8MX8nnZytCApUk5eua6FpirPExw6WddDIEBp19cvXKmg5SkNzfwleUgD/wLq0tyCC0ZBKbHfB/yRV8+/M2yyCYfJwWZigJOUxyKwO+KD3IQJgPlCCsXpihQOMXHw2mwVZxplgxDzpNEEGImwo4Zmk6D3opI0QixwgmExYqGabbXZIzxxcmDtjyu4jiH/cp4/cVwlS29ew2MrjCH0zpOAkKbgmnwaOPPWefoefE+sE5VfGUk4MrLaoIcfOWoq3TdC1d3B68CiuN8Eh49S0byZN3FZ3ECfs70Q/cpDjoUIzrCpusmGmRv4tOz6gRT5DokC+StWiPKLjjh40xgUSJK2IhhikBps5fKLIb1D8/JqDAkPPf1dGh63btTNSZEGwozkymyNwxKM9O6VnFDG0vAYviCOQUwnfVMGfHS/exlPjrQy4NOJYqLflf5CVYY7cD5ZnGlRZciuMdb9eMgB4Zfx1xLh3Y8ll7H6awx0HhmOWurE6wtDlrxDi1fdOLSlYw60C+d9qnjkxPexFlrmmtnE04ojjEt5jqCCGlhjTQrSHE4f8VPZqWB4ihPgjLdt+konE+E6WhCq76AIjjyKA79aEzkLzQDmaCBer8K7/IL46ey8OXaaT0n/UqjLHkgIaZ4fdqFnOaXNaJX2ikLpyoD6193utOdls7Yczj58z6abwgGa0ujnShSPog1I3njMTrx4KA6QzDz9GEG5bJ0ZBIPwmiRmzNGu+CEc0yzI6xnMaeTAYRjThzNnYfbJ+PuayDx9XJCdPRTGH3WiwKlmE72pwh2dDmik4ZyZzneygD4z0plXi2pS1ODuk4ljk4/6MjHgdJPTAaWHqxmW/RkOcSRi+eu1btGMEw0vOHR1J/CzeFS+smT7+dMH2fWTXitOB3ORwcf6hi/kCLqFHMiwAqa5HhO9tLjQfnlpVBnKs6aGbMmi0E1KJyKA812cnIVVqHShVMo5dHjhKW3HTDL8CygOCxKz8qjIeODyQVTsMyrXmqPTfnSpaCE6j5+hVOcZlUJjiVM4ZUZrYk9V4caDgpDXyvTYBSm5XwLjbZu5JMWbX5YNA1VjkSAZq4NVSnRVKYsDiRzI0TyF+fjUQxBSucKeseMHPBKUbTVrP+ZigMwkuIAC3Y5bjGRYIStOCY4cTWERiJIApkmeZrEhFze0njTMjBd5uyKjzasUYS9qgI0DoFQms7V+gae3jvzwurQnlS/TPYaSwriecIXpnCccPVVNzTFVx/x8QTd8y1ai1oD/yFeyhNq6Pbo1Ini1NiUTx27Au9tybfu5BRI2LpMvll0QEOt7RjphdU/14R8zjwBGFAcTCmAtuUURjhEWFyNSAA1kB5DeYRrgNKIc5/g0U85PUtxKIJ9IxbNs9kj5Y+f0uuZzTz0bvx7q1O504dypcz1SnEpzvTrUiBpslJQGO+eNSTgzbVOZLjlyxE6JZ6dEbAe0kgrHyTP6Pk8MEsF1KOVYx1b/aKXEqwtThY+vutc0UIDeK07HlzJRL2Fzarm6voatooztRphYY7cbLBQQYTvmhBnY/JhGsJiXlq0MoVh+dBx9Q0aQEiGqnqm55ASyCcOlh6/KUz14MganuLLFa/RikZvcq4XADWm9BAdFqe8hJw1Rde9eH4DRYyXhhPK0lAFGqqqOznFpxkrawvQmL6ne7R0rOi1Oy4/+UYnrHPhKX7sDrA06qldlK++ydaeoElM/uIaTvg4YA5XTKE/wmY9QsQJLavjPvSck+noZP4JwbtirjBUSXE1oi869CVTPFiqX+/8Sq9X1Mv1XG9orsEQQalYAXnWZSuz3kXRQYojD9qe13vFUVr1hdGskUrHvLezPYWuPho8aAjGk7KiI+yYQwus+4ASZA3ITV4YnSymcBOIwAJs78DjG65dEm6I1f3KWMM1Q5XKVkFX6y7NbCLsuhbcRAebgJVi91Wgq3wanuKlPOLNWICelDmluOWtcVxZgO71Dotszsj6rArsO8elJ0jKgne0oDiNZEgEfDpvhqJdvviMlp+5tWKMRgpIDsmCvFg7dYD1cpA1NJxLG+3yu9fhfOPH7JKTHFqQ8wEqww1FjFbvyqtb9Ch5cjWrss6Fhk7mu9DqlqWThuLMOlBsSwK1wxqucY5pWIoTY9YBEFMQjDlhBWHYPRS2LQ86p9PznGMWbL7kLs71fve735IPH5Xd1zOUWYPCKjnL9rmSuYPeM9fCyiLU8vSKLQFZ+8Fzvooy8Ux5Sq8xW3ArXcqVXNTPVgzQEdFWH9es+RyC8aYBa8TT0Eo9azotwZyO41e4thLGZyvVxcEpF4pUO0AO+rSQa7jG4gQq2FmYFuEUouApSIURWAxAh4GAfz64n+nrCdI3JPTsPve5z5IPxLSl8r4LE87y8INmjQY9m0pFKPUk15nf2eTAECtteRKkPDWqKWyr5eHkJWWi5O2+Az5JMxQWY86q4q06KBudyke3Mixq5t9kyVLk6ITyiXOd8oHo1XbFcT+qP8t7GlyjOHqGRpsazUnN2VVYPZ8wJ2Ouho2+h+djkdLVC6BGZtqF5Z0m1Uv8AA+z/L5vl6WYgnTtfiqI+5nGtbzqwJm1a50FANM5DtWrciFzr8Ha3d9lJaoXfjqDZHalTs73GgaSV/xOrEHns+rgXXwdmvIEWRx1Kn3DpzLQQrMO7FmdN7rStDzhY+hAOVn+NWwVh0lNaWhzAnXwiM/gGzGIYiYGaihMQAplSpulUrk+P9ssTPrZkBh29W2XhBHDzRrsJeXMQflVPiWInzXdqbDKxW89yjULkHDMIilEwyga0k26Zhqg/bZQ3ckAT5SmPM732OUPvAygLtUbX8KwPK6zzIm2CqbSGP6aQJBJMz3514qZEiU3V+nwWzqWcB4i2wdbxamxoB4FKRGFsnTfG55psvCstHuv6AbMMWhtRG/QwPJojHVj56Aqs2GK8grrpY4m2MOSFkZDpSufMChLvamG9AzfUFga012dIr9DvTWI7+e0255gYWU4coInu/fO6E7ra3hJocXhzWm+FvMAWdrFR5Ms8OyaTEPPa2Dh4h1oY73It6GqlXjplI+X0uNhdiCzpeoSD1kqPuIDH/jA5eDcWXDC4uQYEySB1vhgfo3UVYVcYb0YA+iAaS1KV4XQyBcI2whMy/EApxXiXxjjUwDlFk6B8BA/kNDiGVo/afqNV1gDmA1a8yitOtZw8e7NyFZs2x2vAaRJLt0Lm/V06N5WzpwYTKXYhWuFUn8KTx7JqjPioXJZnvLOMshjV5k+CuqbOP1xRkeqA++CEz6ORoKEKZNwZpzJpZF6OQ/doW9hCmAhyfSSyZSvPMCagVmGikivN7svjJYFr7b9p7VryERv0vQmxvqrVuu1Jkhh6l0UhoC9HgvQS2ECPo+0eMMvZVwL2cKZIQ1QnP4FscYUOmyWxXpaV2GdNSKLRQ7KE4ZZZ1f3ngnjxf5hQyzZAEsEypidUT51txfIUptt8mGkgYYkB+RM1V0nkA0dYDim3CdsFScmwExMqxOwZXTTQb3SASsLT5azfa4sxxaoWJbHRiNtJjhX6yvC8plqN0tQZlYKrHnIuQys9nLYKQzFJSQNTSh6PcE5aUcxLZ+3RDCBYGa9ObKW79XR11ftc2lUDn90DJkOusULRaAEynNlTVx9kYxyayx5dTxl9XapIYcTaoamPDKBFi3JxTPI0lM08fakWAVlk0kystal83GSKVmd0w68YdLWkb8bWhuyKay95qf5AN6ShbZjVWvDXXDC4gDCJIwcXD1fXIy6zxpkmaBCa3zXwsxqY7J0mVlh+dG1LlF5gKLq1a7odpWG0MqHpjLk1wBeJvS1df6Yc0KGNuXBysNLAkEXn67VWzq0KXNphTm1hOkZqG6gId46EKWSB6/S441zjD5QVh0rlBc95bkWN1G5rp4Jo0NG+FcOmviA+HUV71r91MG9/PKhR5GzoHiX5xA44RwrYB/E/FWDip0GBLcLCAXqXZAA8HzVUBka4iyYaWZHud6wq53XssLfPlmDreLQdGBBzD6Tz4X0N1xL+aHZiJ1bz5htazx2WS1lM5lMa2aWyXVvWILMpPjuDXmsg7CrtzSdZVYm027Px/RXucrBk2VwVweR8ODcr+eccHzhRRr3njsQZYptaLUgaekdr8y18pWNJ8MFayWMT8840crlF6GpHGW7qjvaynd1z8J55l56ecnLffJ0JNR1yg99yxa2aJJTfPlAZnIVF0qDX0OX/MpRfrTFoZ3slCVNaWtX98KOWOBRfaQVtoC5r0NsFSeN8z6PM7/2W6B9E2gdx5hf2C4wx9DrIlaW54m286Jx2d4R2vkqnDrTV2W52v7wnDNuXOf4uccbvuJZ2HOLbb39yQ9xZGHtWO9DvglaaPJZ+FTKQVe9IX6KIwe8cDylh/Li23M8cdLjOx6lMW3fxcNZyPlFX7n4c0VTOfiLf3LwTJx1JLwlV/GlQ0Nez/ijhs9dcI1zrJcTrIIUwsFEkDB8K9cVs3aloQZUqENLZlUa3tUhc86aLX9L4u5dxUnjHpbWMUzviisX/SqkDGWqTOUXp2xpxQvLA4U9x39xaBFG+SEBJ3RIaPjAo20OwlWu/NUZf+5d0YLqH03pIR66Suvqubz4FSZXaYTxigdKKEzByQ6Sj9lPcnIlQ/tJ0kcjHt1XBv6UH7/S4CV+pkyrZ+Vr03yzNZxwjpklsyDDhXUHp8aYdtNUp+OgYw88cjMs98LyzHHzvL6QNQ7HCaDy/fQeL4ZPsyI7w8rHk4VF38NhWvEA5ZNWXml8VcM2gpkFfk35Xf2kjTn2zJAmvXIsHUywyCdeemWrL1roKl95ZGPxUhr7aujjVVmGArTRLZ94ZToDjKZ8UBx5ey69FwEmcCXWwwY/xJJAvJAHHvHgXnn4IzNpPMNr6fBGbmRmOHOGvPY8C04oDmh2xET1uXfgSiGyTMDwxoPPiSrfVCJxkNNbXlf30yFDB3oWD2YtBFaccvSAZgUg+mi5KltYWqic0sCZJ4g+zLFGRxr1yZGNXzyYieTIT3rSyDN5FK4zzbTKSFbilE8GpXVfGfE3aYFZV/HoCM8y3OfDAnHolg6NnOHynQUnFKcKBzO8hvUzeQEGEsaEGDqNsQSpAt3vgip9GbCvjpS2Op0GpakDrXnWKFA5lUXxkgNl8Pw0INM1L2SA3lqe6IEU7jyAH/U4ra1O+DjhzMCcm5GY9fDwLSQBxO3UWpTiu/SSPLC6yes3EzAjsDGXcFyZUP9nsKhln8Wvg3pzU9nS9N642RX6ZhgWC8XXAIYjMzfP0fH1dp9SITR7Spb68dxMDj9mSxYuXQOHwEprEQ5NvwZIDoTozzPq2oyGD3Sve91reQ6kgRrY0COdmVtrPRQrsF4STIWQx0zJFZK7kwEpgXf68WkF3GJe/DlDRM745tCaNZKRz8/gtQVFK+5kawaHDrlp19pQOu1oeDsLtoqj0ohihvI4U+M/BojOZfdelgMcqeI5agFHq3hoVqM31uAEMDfeIGEYYwGzasgwzneIDJppWX222KVx2hUOrSAbzylXJwDbO9qFhI+vjm1MTHheEfaJfc7kOo0VWge6ffK+HXD+Aye/NFag+y4QZSRTi5OuleG1YGVIv96bss2DBz4SZ7p44WDKwUyQjChbxy1C2yAWOSnLjJ9oE5QSzdeWd8EJxcn8U5r5zjbFaaPQscOA914a+yWBmUr5XC3BU5rGWcIun8q0n3T3u999ea534se6jClraUOKQfjRt6mHhtlgilNDWIKfSkqRCLcyOZcaXnhuhnLMAQtbXHSUu1ZIlhnMd+4rgxJrMA5wz6A1GGAdpTjymLTxz9llUWY9yD7oxUBoj6tptJmXuOjJTzZoUdDi5dEpowF9ysYWjHbYBVvFoaGZPlvrMmPa/o9wjWSalgKYPlYQ5oN1Y1uLSSlZs84iayhrKzVYvxfCBz+AybUc4Fk9UWNwXg1/FAZfXe0laUCWczY4ZB0Jo8YMzSB6z5xg25zUyzVY/7rsq1WlI2g81ZgW1YA/sJQOJjfK6YDbjDMjVBfWp3g7+/a7yJZV6QinYZiFkw5OmbIQ4uoUFAfM12YgWVOo/kkGyUM7W4dTd5up6sZ6+zhEZazhhHPMCdPb+RURrsH0Zgt01gPayZ4mmUIxyT6epLExRJPL21hudVgDElBaLq1KpzhBi2IUC8pDSRx/qJfVcDU4/8mMJ4sD5WGJTI+tUYhLgUyd179khg6b9ztHMlA+HgnYuofGTTbxYBXW5qtw/NSrKY5pr3BoWNM5hKMvbKVbx9HJAm/AGrZSOjIkB/6S9ZZo4oUvo/PxHcWpvysjoH35csXrENZvjAjckujoaL7Mtc/JPqE4IGHBhGstg8/hgI+1lqan0+JQAhWjqVmQ8lOcnEPOmjhpCL6eK44wpvLoVeKhNBqD4ChUlgrO8zfWRvBq2CsO2orgXAsnfMjicHKLj5ZG4fwL65Ge4Y9igr57mFIJG1qdnhPWKPhVP3l1ulawS89P6wiqnu4K1Y1i8u9658s/NtAoDRpcALLFc3XSWW34Upx8H8+lx5MOnOLgHeroOtA0BNryIIuTMnQQux4DOXW7oN67CzFaD1JB5haYNYhT0QQ40UwE4KdtDApYA5ROGI9QOQne8KIXMu2lhZScMMqb0AjMST7x6IhTHufQLKz06FOWOoADXdJ6nqwsAM4vWPQcol0nSTkpM8vSZ+qUsc5juNJxObyUqXpnRcJkg4bObzbXAa+eyWfCMS2OoQ1agXYEpPINi/bqzrQ4TRtzihHVsArtwPUaFFZa14nlF9ZgzK7V0mlW9SBO7vQfTBMBTdcTCK8hDwrjSeNOxavxvParMfr8m7SzNydESPH5HVkiPGclzWJMzUvLzPvtY8cObLKKZx3wKGzFN8UR75oVxkOWIXnZ/AQc1hz0MOXit1FSSxcURxwep4LB2eD4Zlnm0APRdIIgqy+PoS3+pzzNnk0Q5nA5Yas4WQSHsHNIMaiS3lbg/NnZJVDDFbNs2q1wwlAp6wB2mXPiYoTF4Z1bO0lo8tF0wwTBioPMs8bEj6GqxpTWM8NG+dE1bAlD8XwovkQNgTd58KReerDNSLxaz6AIfeOHAOPPOZqGbTQoLEfZDjtLwQJ4RunLY3bEUhWPpzaAa5zZ6BQCWF7gVNuPQncuc1Acf95jiYWLp8it9ZBD8epJyeZQVXn4ZMm1g3v1gsLa0kzN7NgSQjO+fXDCx9HLFdjnanch4rbt7bAmDKjSgU0/cT3nG4AEwmRriCoEq4AeQEiEOXfcWSqVYVlKayjhy7hv9ieP6b6X+9AvLSFzgq0h2aOZ0EeGJvJ9yKHyplUM419dKLBJQ7MqnUYPN7MhD/xpuGk9KZoORdnd+9yKaXuv9Ma/jsXR5c9Ups3JoHfHoU7S4mCKkwyUz/8jN3HutQXeyEZ9e0ERtO62C04oTsNVDh7EKLPbUMADtyprClhjwTkdT3FimLlG24yMMCkHwRqq3Ktsplme1oSiA83aKANfpXI5lq2BpKReI3YWJotAMK7NBEHmt/oStDQTDasadU7r8abshrPqh/dWvvtiK9Qw8rNQc9gLOfK9PjStLjS0QbI3Chh6Z0diPYNmT1B6Q5E6Nk2PT7IwhDVNF49HSujti4DCyH+Q4mRtEqrxOmagAlwpjh1WQ0xjLtSwgLDXq6wE4L2pOSuwOIUxh4VMk+dqM9OLl0nfEQhDpSMFxZlx4KV7qGyNsZ5iZ2WU2dKAMsDdbvp/BcwiGO6ARp+zO0hRGoY1hpkg3wGsf39tKLFMQZ5z5RdyeqeihWhmWSgLGVmbmdbKmanq0UIfpAzK1I7rlWPIubf9MOPIu5Vv8mlj+TTYKg4h8ivKoDfqEVZC9TCNyH9xyp9nThj2SHzjmOCcGAMKJTxxTLBhw9uPZjusgfT8gL6lBwhGWR2F0GiEYu3FlLWjHXwrC3ysB3r8EDMosxmKonebCVj55iQbxvhn4jumoH6thnblt+ELr9DsicMKrAmZeTlugP8sI2tIQfGKBw45YKlYRkMWnvBm2IXWbdAXb9EPXeWoizo2ZOqk/Bp5vZYMWFF147t5MYBM0QR8QvLTOZSfbIXRIC8dQLsYCrWVunTKknz4PoxHBqROtQ+2ikOIhGr6lSYDJkxDG5542XpWBWhI7+HQ1sw+jbX3AgkFEj4nVHoztNJiDp0acELO+oRdlSkOnxRJufgnCPfKF6ecQB49r3Id2FYHadVHHdXDc9dAZzFrsrLumGYzLFA6cXjBg3Uv99XFlQwgRU4OAf+Cn8OXsxUy66vB5UM7XmvkXaDcyTtQL3yhJYwWJVMvtDwrD7pTZms4oTiA4sy5+z6T1brPIYB2FcRYghS3Lst9Za4VqntWLaHBXen28Q08bz0mGvtAOdV1lzKDBLyLTnH7ysGn/OtGBuo55TNhpkcjGVQGJ3gqAVzLaYK6SV9+14MU5wbcgGPghuLcgHPBDcW5AeeCG4pzA84Bm83/AzhFCPrwQ6t4AAAAAElFTkSuQmCC)

97 Visually, the two marks shared no similar elements, as the AR held in the
2013 GD at [88]. Aurally, no similarity arose as the syllable count and the
pronunciation of each syllable are different – the appellant’s mark could be
referred to as “FIA” or “Formula 1 World Championship”: 2013 GD at [89]. In
any event, aural similarity was the least important element. Conceptually, the
two marks were dissimilar as the appellant’s mark referred to a motor car race
on an international scale held on land, instead of water: 2013 GD at [90].

CONCLUSION ON SIMILARITY OF THE MARKS

98 I accept the AR’s comparisons of the application mark with the three
registered marks. The application mark is visually, aurally and conceptually
dissimilar from each of the three registered marks. As a whole, the
application mark is dissimilar from each of the three registered marks.
Further, as there is no evidence that the three marks had acquired
distinctiveness by the relevant date, less literal or visual alteration is
required to ensure that the application mark is dissimilar (see [83]
above).[note: 78]

Whether the goods or services are identical or similar

99 As the respondent does not dispute that the goods or services it seeks to
register the application mark for is similar or identical to that for which
the appellant is protected, I assume similarity between the goods or
services.[note: 79]

Whether there exists a likelihood of confusion

100 I have found that the application mark is not similar to the appellant’s
earlier registered marks. If I am wrong on this and “F1H20” is similar to any
of the registered marks, such similarity can only be very slight as “F1” and
“FORMULA 1” are descriptive when used in relation to sporting events and lack
distinctiveness.[note: 80] The likelihood of confusion is lower where there is
less similarity between the conflicting marks: see _Staywell_ at [96(a)].

101 In _Staywell_ (at [96]), the court held that the impact of the similarity
of the marks and the goods or services on consumer perception is relevant to
the confusion inquiry. The court held (at [64]):

We approach this question again from the starting point of the Act. Once
similarity between the competing marks and goods or services has been
established, the _impact_ of these similarities on the relevant consumers’
ability to understand where those goods and services originate from falls to
be considered. The only relevant confusion is that which results from the
similarity between marks and goods or services. Our courts have consistently
recognised this since Lai Kew Chai J articulated it in _Polo_ (_HC_) ([40]
_supra_) at [15]. Equally however, the plain words of ss 8(2) and 27(2) do not
have the effect of making a finding of confusion automatic upon the
establishment of similarity of marks and goods or services. If that was what
was intended, as observed in _Polo_ (_CA_) at [25] and in _Sarika_ at [60],
Parliament would have provided that once such similarity is found the matter
ends there without any need to examine whether there is a likelihood of
confusion as a result. However, we reiterate that the statute requires that
any likelihood of confusion must arise from the similarity of marks and goods
or services.

102 Given the conceptual disparity between the application mark and the
appellant’s marks, the reasonable consumer is unlikely to be confused.[note:
81] Further, the possibility of confusion is speculative.[note: 82] The
respondent has used the term “F1” in relation to its events since 1990. The
appellant’s marks were registered seven years later in 1997; its first night
motor car race in Singapore was only in September 2008. Against this
chronology, there has to be more evidence that demonstrates that a likelihood
of confusion has arisen or will arise. In _Sarika_ , the Court of Appeal held:

63 Confusion will not be presumed simply because the marks and the goods are
similar:  _Polo (CA)_ at [25]. As this court stated in  _Polo (CA)_ at [28],
citing  _Associated Newspapers Ltd v Express Newspapers_ [2003] FSR 51, the
question of likelihood of confusion has to be assessed globally, taking into
account all the circumstances such as the closeness of the goods, the
impression given by the marks, the possibility of imperfect recollection and
the risk that it may be believed that the goods came from the same source or
economically-linked sources. Mere association by the relevant public between
two signs based on their similar use is insufficient to establish confusion if
the public is not misapprehended about the goods’ origins:  _City Chain_ at
[58]. The finding of likelihood of confusion is a finding of fact and it is a
matter for the court to determine at the end of the day:  _Electrolux Limited
v Electrix Limited_ (1954) 71 RPC 23 at 31.

64 Survey evidence is relevant in assessing whether there is a likelihood of
confusion on the part of the relevant public. That said, we agree with the
Judge that survey evidence should not be conclusive (see [129] of GD). Rather,
it is only one factor in the global confusion analysis. Both the Appellant and
the Respondent here had conducted surveys to ascertain the proportion of the
relevant public who were confused. Interestingly, each of the parties’ surveys
showed that about 30% of the relevant public were likely to be confused, after
adjustments were made for shortcomings in survey methodology and data
collection, and the Judge found so accordingly. The Appellant was not able to
furnish any compelling reason to say that this determination of the Judge is
wrong. By any standard, 30% cannot be said to be insignificant, and indeed we
would hold that that constitutes a  _substantial_ portion of the relevant
public (see at [57] above). Due weight ought to be given to these results in
the final analysis.

65 We should also add that given the degree of similarity between the mark and
the sign (see [39] above) and the highly distinctive nature of the
respondent’s “Nutella” word mark (see [36] above), these circumstances would
certainly go no small way in confusing the relevant public. As stated in
Holyoak & Torremans,  _Intellectual Property Law_ (Oxford University Press,
6th Ed, 2010) (“ _Holyoak_ ” _)_ at p 437, there would generally be an
increased likelihood of confusion where a mark is highly distinctive.

103 Without more evidence, I am unable to find in the appellant’s favour.
Therefore, the opposition under s 8(2)(_b_) fails.

104 I have not considered the plain F1 mark under s 8(2)(_b_) of the TMA as
the ground contemplates conflicts with earlier, registered trade marks. In any
event, as I also find the plain F1 mark dissimilar to the application mark
(see [109] below), the appellant cannot prevail even if “F1” is considered.
Moreover, the appellant has provided little beyond mere assertions of
confusion based on the purported similarities between “F1” and “F1H20”.[note:
83]

Section 8(4)

105 Section 8(4) states:

Subject to subsection (5), where an application for registration of a trade
mark is made on or after 1st July 2004, if the whole or an essential part of
the trade mark is identical with or similar to an earlier trade mark, the
later trade mark shall not be registered if —

(a) the earlier trade mark is well known in Singapore; and

(b) use of the later trade mark in relation to the goods or services for which
the later trade mark is sought to be registered —

(i) would indicate a connection between those goods or services and the
proprietor of the earlier trade mark, and is likely to damage the interests of
the proprietor of the earlier trade mark; or

(ii) if the earlier trade mark is well known to the public at large in
Singapore —

(A) would cause dilution in an unfair manner of the distinctive character of
the earlier trade mark; or

(B) would take unfair advantage of the distinctive character of the earlier
trade mark.

106 The respondent points out that the appellant relies only on the plain F1
mark for this ground.[note: 84] The appellant did not dispute this in the
hearing before me. In any event, the appellant’s registered marks cannot
succeed on this ground since I find them dissimilar to the application mark.
Under s 8(4), an application mark cannot be registered if “the whole or an
essential part” of it is identical or similar to the earlier trade mark. While
the phraseology differs slightly from s 8(2) (where an application mark cannot
be registered if it is identical or similar to the earlier trade mark), the
comparison is the same: see _Sarika_ at [70] and _Law of Intellectual Property
of Singapore_ at para 21.5.38 (including the attendant footnote).

Section 8(4)(_b_)(i)

107 To succeed, the appellant must show that:

(a) The whole or an essential part of “F1H20” is identical with or similar to
the plain F1 mark;

(b) The plain F1 mark is well known in Singapore;

(c) Use of “F1H20” on goods or services that it is to be registered for will
indicate a connection between them and the appellant; and

(d) There is likely to be damage to the appellant’s interests.

108 As the plain F1 mark was not well known in Singapore as at the relevant
date, the opposition on this ground fails. Even if “F1” was well known, it was
not similar to the application mark as at the relevant date.

NO SIMILARITY BETWEEN “F1H20” AND “F1”

109 I accept the respondent’s submissions that the application mark and the
plain F1 mark are visually, aurally and conceptually dissimilar.[note: 85] I
have outlined the features of the application mark at [84]–[88] above.

110 Visually, the plain F1 mark, which comprises one letter and one numeral,
is less than half the length of the application mark.[note: 86] As the term
“F1” is descriptive and lacks distinctiveness, a lower degree of visual
alteration is required to ensure that the application mark is dissimilar to it
(see _Bently_ at [82] above). Moreover, I do not find the “F1” element in the
application mark to be any more dominant than its “H20” element.

111 For aural similarity, the two marks do not share the same number of
syllables on a quantitative assessment. In _Staywell_ (at [32]), the court
described quantitative assessment as an “alternative approach”. The court also
considered the dominant and distinctive components of the marks when read out:
_Staywell_ at [31]. See also the _The Audience Motivation Company Asia Pte Ltd
v AMC Live Group China (S) Pte Ltd_ [2015] SGHC 77 at [40].

112 “F1” is the common denominator of the plain F1 mark and the application
mark.[note: 87] “F1” forms the first two syllables of the application mark and
the whole of the plain F1 mark and will be pronounced in the same way in both
marks. The appellant submits that the “H20” component in the application mark,
as the molecular formula for water, is descriptive.

113 However, I agree with the respondent that the essential, distinctive and
dominant element is the entire application mark as a whole.[note: 88]

114 The appellant submits that the “first component of a trade mark is often
considered more important for the purposes of distinction”. It cites _Conde
Nast Publications Inc v Union des Editions Modernes_ [1979] 46 CPR (2d) 183
(F.C.T.D.) (“ _Conde Nast_ ”) and _Phantom Industries Inc v Sara Lee Corp_
(2000) 8 CPR (4th) 109 (T.M.O.B) (“ _Phantom Industries_ ”) in support of its
contention.[note: 89] The appellant states: “In this instance, the first
component is the distinctive term ‘F1’. The Defendant has merely juxtaposed
the name for the formula of water “H20” with the Plaintiff’s ‘F1’ mark”.[note:
90]

115 In _Conde Nast_ , the Federal Court of Canada found that the respondent
had appropriated the appellant’s mark – MADEMOISELLE – in its entirety and
added a suffix, “age tendre”. The court held at [34]:[note: 91]

It is axiomatic that the first word or the first syllable in a trade mark is
far the more important for the purpose of distinction. Here the first and most
important word in the mark which the respondent seeks to register is identical
to the mark registered by the appellant.

116 The importance of the beginning of words has been stated in cases such as
_London Lubricants (1920) Ltd’s application (Tripcastroid)_ (1925) 42 RPC 264,
where it was held (at 279):

But the tendency of persons using the English language to slur the termination
of words also has the effect necessarily that the beginning of words is
accentuated in comparison, and, in my judgement, the first syllable of a word
is, as a rule, far the most important for the purpose of distinction.

117 However, while the court in _Doctor’s Associates Inc v Lim Eng Wah
(trading as SUBWAY NICHE)_ [2012] 3 SLR 193 noted that the “basis of the
“first syllable” principle is that English speakers tend to slur subsequent
syllables”, the rule does not apply in every case. It held (at [35]):

The plaintiff submitted that as the first word of the SUBWAY NICHE mark is
identical to the alleged infringing mark, the marks are aurally similar.
Further, as the first syllable of the word is typically accepted to be the
most important, the fact that the marks share the first word indicates the
requisite similarity required under s 27(2). The basis of the “first syllable”
principle is that English speakers tend to slur subsequent syllables. However,
the applicability of the “first syllable” principle to the instant case is
doubtful given that it seems reserved for cases where the marks comprise only
one word. In any case, it is clear that the “first syllable principle” should
not be applied in a “blanket fashion” (_Valentino Globe BV v Pacific Rim
Industries Inc_ [2009] 4 SLR(R) 577 at [34], citing _London Lubricants (1920)
Ltd’s Application_ (1925) 42 RPC 264 at 279).

118 In my view, the pronunciation of “F1H20” will not lead to the slurring of
the last three syllables. In _Phantom Industries_ , a case which the appellant
has cited, the Canadian Trademarks Opposition Board held (at [13]):[note: 92]

The opponent has been using its mark SILKS since 1986 and therefore the length
of time that the marks in issue have been in use favours the opponent. The
parties’ wares are essentially the same, and, in the absence of evidence to
the contrary, I assume that the parties’ channels of trade would also be the
same. The parties’ marks SILKS and SILKIENCE resemble each other visually,
aurally and in ideas suggested to the extent that the prefix SILK is a
component of each mark. Ordinarily, it is the first portion of a trade-mark
that is the most relevant for the purposes of distinction: see _Conde Nast
Publications Inc. v. Union des éditions modernes_ _(1979), 46 C.P.R. (2d) 183_
(Fed. T.D.), at 188, _Pernod Ricard v. Molson Breweries_ _(1992), 44 C.P.R.
(3d) 359_ (Fed. T.D.), at 370. However, in a case such as this where the first
portion of the mark namely, SILK, is suggestive of the character or quality of
the wares, the significance of the first portion is lessened.

119 Therefore, where the first portion of a trade mark is used in a
descriptive sense, its significance is lessened.[note: 93] As I have held,
“F1” was descriptive at the relevant time. It described a class or standard of
sport in motor racing and powerboat racing.

120 On conceptual similarity, I also find both marks dissimilar. “F1H20”
connotes a sport race that is held on water. It may also be considered as a
random string of letters or letters and thus devoid of significance. However,
as the respondent submits, “F1” – which had not acquired distinctiveness as at
the relevant date – focussed on the idea of status (being at the pinnacle or
in the top class) in the context of motorsport.[note: 94]

121 In view of the above, I cannot accept the appellant’s submissions that
whether “F1” is attached to “H20” as a prefix or suffix, the resulting mark is
similar to the plain F1 mark. As a whole, the plain F1 mark and the
application mark are different.

122 Further, I refer to foreign decisions that held that the two marks are
dissimilar on comparison.[note: 95] In a judgment dated 21 May 2015, the Court
of Justice of the European Union upheld the decision dated 20 November 2012 of
the Fourth Board of Appeal of OHIM or the Office for Harmonisation in the
Internal Market (Trade Marks and Designs).[note: 96] The Board of Appeal found
that between “F1” and “F1H20”, there was at best only a “very remote visual
and aural similarity between the signs and no conceptual similarity at
all”.[note: 97] The Court of Justice upheld the finding.

123 Visually, it observed only a weak similarity due to the length of “F1H20”
and the equal position that the components “F1” and “H20” occupy.[note: 98]
Aurally, the differences in length and composition meant that the marks would
be pronounced differently. While the beginnings of the marks were the same,
that fact was insufficient to offset the differences.[note: 99] In addition,
the difference between the lengths of the signs was more striking phonetically
than visually. Therefore, the phonetic similarity was weak. Conceptually, the
differences between the marks counteracted their weak visual and phonetic
similarities.[note: 100] The court agreed with the Board of Appeal that “F1”
was an abbreviation of “Formula one” which signified “the top class of
professional motor racing”, according to an English reference dictionary. It
held that “F1” was the term commonly used to designate a type of racing car
and by extension, the races involving such vehicles. In contrast, “F1H20”
would be perceived as a sequence of letters and figures or a chemical
formula.[note: 101]

124 The Court of Justice’s observations are pertinent. The respondent also
cited favourable decisions from Switzerland’s Federal Administrative Tribunal
and the Board of Appeals in Japan but I need not go into them.[note: 102]

125 For completeness, I briefly consider the remaining elements in an
opposition under s 8(4)(_b_)(i) of the TMA. As stated at [107(c)] above, the
appellant must show that the use of the application mark in relation to the
goods or services for which registration is sought will indicate a connection
between them and the appellant.[note: 103]

126 The “connection” element contains an implicit requirement of likelihood of
confusion. The courts have held as much in the context of s 55(3)(_a_) of the
TMA, which shares the same “connection” element as s 8(4)(_b_)(i). Section
55(3)(_a_) states:

Subject to subsections (6) and (7), the proprietor of a well known trade mark
shall be entitled to restrain by injunction the use in Singapore, in the
course of trade and without the proprietor’s consent, of any trade mark which,
or an essential part of which, is identical with or similar to the
proprietor’s trade mark, in relation to any goods or services, where the use
of the trade mark —

(_a_) would indicate a connection between those goods or services and the
proprietor, and is likely to damage the interests of the proprietor.

127 In _Sarika_ , the court held (at [76]):

As regard the “connection” and the “likely to damage the proprietor’s
interests” requirements in s 55(3)(a) TMA, the Judge adopted the holding by
this Court in _Amanresorts_ (at [234]) that the tests for both these elements
were “substantively the same” as the tests relating to the misrepresentation
and damage elements under the law of passing off; the only difference is that
the tests in passing off concern the proprietor’s “goodwill” while the tests
under s 55(3)(a) TMA concern the “interests” of the well known trade mark
proprietor. It is an implicit requirement that the requisite “connection” must
be a confusing one, _viz_ , a likelihood of confusion must be shown in
relation to the connection between the parties’ products: _Amanresorts_ at
[218], [226] and [233]; _Hyundai Mobis_ (_CA_) at [36].

128 It follows that the “connection” requirement in s 8(4)(_b_)(i) also has an
implicit requirement of a likelihood of confusion. However, I have found that
there can be no likelihood of confusion (see above at [100]–[104]).

129 Section 8(4)(_b_)(i) also requires proof of the likelihood of damage to
the appellant’s interests. It is unnecessary to discuss the respondent’s
submissions in this respect[note: 104] as no damage arises without a confusing
connection.

Section 8(4)(_b_)(ii)

130 The appellant submitted at the hearing before me that the AR should have
discussed dilution. It contends that the plain F1 mark has been taken
advantage of in terms of its prestige and popularity and that the respondent
has tarnished the plain F1 mark by associating “F1” with the respondent’s
“poorly organised power boat race”.[note: 105]

131 Section 8(4)(_b_)(ii) sets out the anti-dilution right of the owner of an
earlier trade mark which is well known to the public _at large_ in Singapore.
I have held that the plain F1 mark, as at the relevant date, was not well
known to the relevant sector of the public. It follows that it would not have
been well known to the public at large. Even if the plain F1 mark was well
known to a sector of the public, it is highly unlikely to have been well known
to the public at large as being the appellant’s trade mark as the appellant’s
night races started only in 2008. The threshold set by s 8(4)(_b_)(ii) is
high. As stated in the _Law of Intellectual Property of Singapore_ at para
21.5.50:

The first point to note is that the level of reputation that the earlier trade
mark must enjoy is a very high one. Niche fame – reputation within a relevant
sector of the public – suffices for the confusion-based protection in s
8(4)(b)(i), but not for the anti-dilution protection in s 8(4)(b)(ii). To
qualify for anti-dilution protection, the earlier trade mark must be
recognised in ‘most’ sectors of the public in Singapore. In fact, it has been
said that the anti-dilution protection in Singapore is the ‘preserve of a rare
and privileged few’. An example of such a ‘privileged’ trade mark is the
_NUTELLA_ chocolate cream spread.

132 As the plain F1 mark was not well known to the public at large, it is
unnecessary to go on to consider the two limbs in s 8(4)(_b_)(ii).

Section 8(7)(a)

133 Under s 8(7)(_a_):

A trade mark shall not be registered if, or to the extent that, its use in
Singapore is liable to be prevented —

(_a_) by virtue of any rule of law (in particular, the law of passing off)
protecting an unregistered trade mark or other sign used in the course of
trade.

134 The provision recognises the law of passing off, which requires three
elements to be proved: goodwill attached to the claimant’s product or service,
misrepresentation that the defendant’s goods are the claimant’s goods or
emanate from a source that is economically linked to the claimant and damage
or likelihood of damage due to the defendant’s misrepresentation. The three-
step process was laid out in _The Singapore Professional Golfers’ Association
v Chen Eng Waye and others_ [2013] 2 SLR 495 at [20] (“ _Professional Golfers_
”):

As a first step, a claimant will therefore have to show that there is goodwill
attached to its product or service before a claim in passing off can be
mounted. The inquiry at this stage might perhaps best be understood in terms
of whether the claimant has established that it does have an interest that the
law of passing off will protect. The second inquiry is whether the defendant’s
actions amount to a misrepresentation that its goods are the claimant’s goods
or emanate from a source that is economically linked to the claimant, or, to
put it another way, whether the defendant is “passing off” its goods or
services as those of the claimant. This typically begins with a consideration
of how the defendant is said to be doing this. In general, it will entail the
use of some element that serves as a badge or identifier marking the goods or
services in question as emanating from the claimant (see also Christopher
Wadlow, _The Law of Passing-Off: Unfair Competition by Misrepresentation_
(Sweet & Maxwell, 4th Ed, 2011) (“ _The Law of Passing-Off_ ”) at paras 3-005
and 8-001). It will be necessary here to consider whether that element does
serve as a badge or identifier, or, in the parlance of the action, whether it
is “distinctive” of the claimant’s goods and services, and whether the
claimant’s goodwill (established under the first stage of the inquiry) is in
fact associated with that element. It will then be necessary to consider,
amongst other factors, whether there is such a similarity between the
corresponding element that is being used by the defendant on the one hand and
by the claimant on the other such that in all the circumstances, it is
sufficiently likely to result in the relevant segment of the public being
deceived or confused into thinking that the defendant’s goods or services are,
or emanate from a source that is linked to, the claimant’s. Finally, because
the tort of passing off is concerned with the protection of goodwill, it will
be necessary to establish that the defendant’s misrepresentation has damaged
or is likely to damage the claimant’s goodwill. We turn to consider each of
these inquiries.

Goodwill

135 Generally, goodwill cannot exist on its own. It attaches to a business in
the jurisdiction. This is often proved by evidence, such as the trader’s sales
and expenses incurred in promoting its goods and services in association with
the mark or brand that they bear: see _Professional Golfers_ at [22]. As the
appellant’s first “F1” night race took place only in 2008, I agree with the
respondent that the appellant could not have acquired goodwill as at 11
January 2007 – it had yet to commence business or trade in Singapore.[note:
106]

136 However, as the AR correctly held (see 2015 GD at [76]), certain types of
pre-trading activity will be recognised despite the requirement for business
in the jurisdiction. In _CDL Hotels International Ltd v Pontiac Marina Pte
Ltd_ [1998] 2 SLR 550 at [58] (“ _CDL Hotels_ ”), the Court of Appeal held:

On the basis of these authorities, pre-business activities can generate
goodwill. This is a commonsense approach and is in line with commercial
reality where promoters of businesses usually embark on massive advertising
campaigns before the commencement of trading to familiarise the public with
the service or product. In every case, whether the pre-trading activity
suffices in generating goodwill is a question of fact and depends on the
nature and intensity of the activity in question. Heavy advertising, as in
Allen v Brown Watson (supra), will be adequate. On the other hand, mere
preparations for trading will not, as in Amway Corpn v Eurway International
Ltd [1974] RPC 82, where the foreign plaintiffs, apart from ‘minor trading
activities’, had merely begun organising promotion of their business by
seeking premises and interviewing prospective employees in England.

137 In _Staywell_ , the court held (at [163(j)]):

The “hard-line” approach to goodwill is softened in Singapore to the extent
that pre-trading activity need not be revenue-generating as long as it is
directed at generating demand for the plaintiff’s business and the trader
evinces an unequivocal intention to enter the market (see [140]–[145] above).

138 The _Law of Intellectual Property of Singapore_ at para 17.4.38 emphasised
the importance of requiring an unequivocal intention to enter the market. The
author stated: “The unfairness to a plaintiff (whether he is a foreign trader
or a local trader) is more pronounced when a plaintiff, who has a reputation
in Singapore and has unequivocally demonstrated his interest in the Singapore
market, is pre-empted by another trader who seeks to have a free ride on his
reputation in Singapore.”

139 Before me, the appellant submitted that while the AR recognised the
possibility that a trader can have goodwill in a country before it operates a
business in the jurisdiction, she erred in finding insufficient pre-trading
activity, and hence insufficient goodwill, on the evidence before her.

140 However, there is no reason to disagree with the AR. The appellant’s
evidence does not demonstrate pre-trading activities that evince its
unequivocal intention to enter the Singapore market. Before the relevant date,
three news articles from the Today newspaper (see [50] above) merely stated
the possibility of appellant having a race in Singapore in 2008. For example,
the article dated 31 March 2006 and headlined “Mosley backs F1 in Singapore”
quoted the former FIA president as saying: “If the infrastructure and
financial commitment is in place, then it is always possible that Singapore
could host a Grand Prix in 2008.” However such a statement does not amount to
an unequivocal intention to enter the Singapore market.[note: 107]

141 The appellant does not have evidence of its sales or expenses incurred in
promoting its goods or services, such as evidence of heavy advertising prior
to the relevant date.[note: 108] There were articles that suggested that the
appellant’s Sepang circuit was popular among Singaporeans[note: 109] but the
evidence was directed at the Malaysian circuit.[note: 110] It does not follow
that because its championship had business presence in Malaysia, goodwill as
to the “F1” mark was necessarily engendered in Singapore before the relevant
date.[note: 111] As the AR held in the 2015 GD at [79]: “Specifically in
relation to the Sepang Grand Prix, the activities relied on by the Opponents
were not generating demand internally (within Singapore) but aimed primarily
at promoting their business in Sepang, Malaysia.”

142 Other articles documented the television broadcast in Singapore of the
appellant’s championship and the promoting and marketing of “F1”
merchandise.[note: 112] The appellant submits that these clearly show that it
has taken substantial effort to establish goodwill in the “F1” mark in
Singapore prior to the relevant date. The goodwill has caused the plain F1
mark to be distinctively indicative of its championship.[note: 113] However,
as the AR pointed out in the 2015 GD at [78], the broadcasts in 2005 and
2006[note: 114] were for the Italian and Monaco Grand Prix and “there is no
indication that it was intended to generate demand _in Singapore_ for the
Opponents’ goods and services” [emphasis in original]. She also found that
articles and advertisements on “F1” merchandise were in fact generating demand
for other parties’ products.

143 In several news articles, “F1” was used to refer to the appellant’s
championship.[note: 115] However, I have found that before the relevant date,
“F1” was used in a descriptive sense and not as a trade mark denoting the
appellant exclusively. These articles do not evince the appellant’s
unequivocal intention to enter the market.[note: 116] Other articles before
the relevant date include a letter to the press dated 31 March 2005 by a self-
professed “F1 fan”, urging the Singapore authorities not to let the chance to
host the appellant’s championship slip past and a news article dated 18 May
2005 that claimed that Renault’s success in the championship had boosted sales
of its cars.[note: 117] I share the AR’s doubts that such articles can
constitute pre-trading activities as they were not conducted by the
appellants: see 2015 GD at [79].

144 At the hearing before me, the appellant also drew my attention to the fact
that politicians in Singapore had recognised the prestige and popularity of
its championships and the plain F1 mark in Singapore, as well as in the
neighbouring countries.[note: 118] It cited a written reply to a parliament
question by Second Minister for Trade and Industry S Iswaran in November
2012.[note: 119] In the reply, the minister said that the cost of organising
each race was about $150 million and the government co-funded 60% of approved
costs. In turn, the F1 Singapore Grand Prix had generated about $150 million
in incremental tourism receipts per race. This article was after the relevant
date. However, the appellant contended that the article showed that given the
costs involved, the authorities must have found sufficient goodwill prior to
the relevant date. Otherwise, they would not have decided to bring in the
appellant’s motor race in 2008. In further support of its contention, the
appellant also cited the Today newspaper article dated 16–17 April 2005 (at
[55] above) in which the late Minister Mentor Lee Kuan Yew said that the
decision not to build a Formula 1 Circuit earlier was one that had cost
Singapore money.

145 Generally, goodwill cannot exist on its own but attaches to a business in
the jurisdiction. The appellant had not started its races in Singapore at the
relevant date. Pre-trading activities may lead to a finding of goodwill but
the evidence does not support any such conclusion.

Misrepresentation and Damage

146 Even if the appellant had the requisite goodwill, the evidence does not
support any misrepresentation. When the term “F1” was first applied to the
respondent’s powerboat racing championships in Singapore, it preceded the
appellant’s night races here by 18 years.[note: 120] Before the relevant date,
the plain F1 mark was not linked exclusively with the appellant. This is
evident from several articles tendered by the respondents, which show that the
media or third parties used “F1” in relation to the respondent.[note: 121]
Hence, no misrepresentation can arise. It follows that there is no damage to
the appellant’s goodwill.

Section 7(6)

147 Under s 7(6), a trade mark shall not be registered if an application is
made in bad faith. However, the appellant has not adduced any evidence to
discharge its legal burden to prove bad faith. In contrast, the respondent has
tendered evidence to support its assertion of prior use of the plain F1 mark
in Singapore.[note: 122] Therefore, I agree with the AR in the 2013 GD:

116 The Applicants have filed substantial evidence in relation to their use of
the terms FORMULA 1/ONE” and “F1” in the context of powerboating, from 1990 to
1992 and subsequently, in 2004 (3rd Renaud, Exhibits D and E respectively). In
particular, the Applicants have filed a 150-page media report on their UIM F1
Powerboat Championship event held on 19-20 September 2004 in Marina Bay,
Singapore, exhibiting a set of receipts from Mediatech Services Pte Ltd and
Mediacorp TV, showing that the Applicants have spent $192,160 on advertisement
and promotion in cinemas and outdoor LED boards as well as $56,700 on paid
spots in local television channels such as Channel 5 and Channel 8, for this
event alone.

117 The Applicants have stated in 1st Renaud that the Applicants coined the
Application Mark “F1H2O” as it references the F1 Powerboat World Championship
and the fact that powerboating is a water sport (H2O being a reference to
water). The Opponents do not dispute that H2O is a reference to water. In view
of the evidence above, I accept that the Applicants are likely to have derived
the mark “F1H2O” on their own, with references to the class of powerboat
racing (F1) and water (H2O). The extensive use of the term “F1” in relation to
powerboat racing by the Applicants between 1990 and 2004 and the fact that it
is a term that relates to a particular class of powerboat racing and not
**exclusively** with the Opponents' motor racing events, suggests that the
Applicants have not made the present application in bad faith. I note that the
Opponents, although claiming to have used the Plain F1 Mark prior to 1990,
have not shown any evidence of such use, or how their Plain F1 Mark could have
informed the creation of the Application Mark. [emphasis in original]

Conclusion

148 In the years since the start of the appellant’s annual night races in
2008, it could perhaps be said that the plain F1 mark has become distinctive
of the appellant in Singapore. This is especially likely as it has been a few
years since the respondent’s last powerboating championship was held here in
2011.[note: 123] However, for the purpose of these opposition proceedings, the
findings have to be based on the evidence before the relevant date.

149 Having considered the parties’ submissions, I find no reason to disagree
with the AR. The appellant’s case is dismissed on all grounds and the
respondent’s application mark can proceed to registration. The appellant is to
pay the respondent its costs to be agreed or taxed.

* * *

[note: 1][2013] SGIPOS 8 at [14].

[note: 2]Respondent’s submissions at [24].

[note: 3]Respondent’s submissions at [9].

[note: 4]Plaintiff’s submissions at [2].

[note: 5]Respondent’s submissions at [10].

[note: 6][2013] SGIPOS 8 at [3].

[note: 7][2013] SGIPOS 8 at [122].

[note: 8]See Respondent’s Submissions at [31]-[36].

[note: 9]Respondent’s Submissions at [65].

[note: 10]Plaintiff’s Bundle of Documents Vol II at p172.

[note: 11]Respondent’s Submissions at [122].

[note: 12]Respondent’s Bundle of Authorities Vol 2 at Tab 16.

[note: 13]Respondent’s Submissions at [51].

[note: 14]Respondent’s Bundle of Authorities Vol 2 at p812.

[note: 15]Respondent’s Submissions at [56].

[note: 16][2013] SGIPOS 8 at [59].

[note: 17][2015] SGIPOS 7 at [59] and [62].

[note: 18]Respondent’s Submissions at [60].

[note: 19][2015] SGIPOS 7 at [62].

[note: 20]Respondent’s Submissions at [60(d)].

[note: 21][2015] SGIPOS 7 at [62].

[note: 22][2015] SGIPOS at [62].

[note: 23][2015] SGIPOS 7 at [51].

[note: 24][2015] SGIPOS 7 at [50].

[note: 25][2015] SGIPOS 7 at [69].

[note: 26]Respondent’s Submissions at [63].

[note: 27]Respondent’s Submissions at [64].

[note: 28]Respondent’s Submissions at [65].

[note: 29]Respondent’s Submissions at [124].

[note: 30]Respondent’s Submissions at [66].

[note: 31]See also Respondent’s Submissions at [119].

[note: 32][2013] SGIPOS 8 at [57].

[note: 33]Respondent’s Submissions at [130].

[note: 34]Respondent’s Submissions at [132].

[note: 35]Respondent’s Submissions at [133].

[note: 36]Respondent’s Submissions at [133].

[note: 37]Respondent’s Submissions at [134].

[note: 38]Respondent’s Submissions at [136].

[note: 39]Respondent’s Submissions at [137].

[note: 40]Plaintiff’s Bundle of Documents Vol 1 at p37.

[note: 41]Plaintiff’s Bundle of Documents Vol 1 at p14.

[note: 42]Plaintiff’s Bundle of Documents Vol 2 at p185.

[note: 43][2013] SGIPOS 8 at [45].

[note: 44]Plaintiff’s submissions at [53]-[54].

[note: 45]Plaintiff’s submissions at [34].

[note: 46]Plaintiff’s Bundle of Documents Vol 1 at p38.

[note: 47]Plaintiff’s Bundle of Documents Vol 1 at p51.

[note: 48]Respondent’s Submissions at [145].

[note: 49][2013] SGIPOS at [68].

[note: 50]Respondent’s Submissions at [68(v)].

[note: 51]Respondent’s Submissions at [68(vi)].

[note: 52]Respondent’s Submissions at [146] and [2013] SGIPOS 8 at [69].

[note: 53][2013] SGIPOS 8 at [70].

[note: 54]Respondent’s Submissions at [151].

[note: 55]Plaintiff’s submissions at [36].

[note: 56]Plaintiff’s Bundle of Documents Vol 1 at p65.

[note: 57]Plaintiff’s Bundle of Documents Vol 1 at p68.

[note: 58]Plaintiff’s Bundle of Documents Vol 1 at p81.

[note: 59]Plaintiff’s Bundle of Documents Vol 1 at p111.

[note: 60]Plaintiff’s Bundle of Documents Vol 1 at p136.

[note: 61]Plaintiff’s Bundle of Documents Vol 1 at p100.

[note: 62]Plaintiff’s Bundle of Documents Vol 1 at p91.

[note: 63]Plaintiff’s Bundle of Documents Vol 1 at p98.

[note: 64]Plaintiff’s submissions at [46].

[note: 65]Respondent’s Submissions at [154].

[note: 66]Respondent’s Submissions at [155].

[note: 67]Respondent’s Bundle of Authorities Vol 2 at p821.

[note: 68]Respondent’s Submissions at [157] and [2013] SGIPOS 8 at [75].

[note: 69]Respondent’s Submissions at [46].

[note: 70]Respondent’s Bundle of Authorities Vol 1 at Tab 11.

[note: 71]Respondent’s Bundle of Authorities at Tab 21.

[note: 72]Respondent’s Submissions at [56].

[note: 73]Respondent’s Submissions at [69].

[note: 74]Respondent’s Submissions at [78].

[note: 75]Respondent’s Submissions at [78].

[note: 76]Respondent’s Submissions at [78].

[note: 77]Respondent’s Bundle of Authorities Vol 2 at Tab 15.

[note: 78]Respondent’s Submissions at [92], [98] and [102].

[note: 79]Respondent’s Submisisons at [109].

[note: 80]Respondent’s Submissions at [110].

[note: 81]Respondent’s Submissions at [112].

[note: 82]Respondent’s Submissions at [113].

[note: 83]Plaintiff’s submissions at [58], [63] and [66].

[note: 84]Respondent’s Submissions at [115].

[note: 85]Respondent’s Submissions at [160]-[166].

[note: 86]Respondent’s Submissions at [162].

[note: 87]Plaintiff’s submissions at [58].

[note: 88]Respondent’s Submissions at [81] and [163].

[note: 89]Plaintiff’s submissions at [64].

[note: 90]Plaintiff’s submissions at [64].

[note: 91]Plaintiff’s Bundle of Authorities at p41.

[note: 92]Plaintiff’s Bundle of Authorities at p47.

[note: 93]Respondent’s Submissions at [86].

[note: 94]Respondent’s Submissions at [165].

[note: 95]Respondent’s Submissions at [103]-[106].

[note: 96]See Respondent’s Bundle of Authorities Vol 1 at Tabs 9 and 10.

[note: 97]Respondent’s Bundle of Authorities Vol 1 Tab 9 at p176.

[note: 98]Respondent’s Bundle of Authorities Vol 1 Tab 9 at p193, para 39.

[note: 99]Respondent’s Bundle of Authorities Vol 1 Tab 9 at p193, para 40.

[note: 100]Respondent’s Bundle of Authorities Vol 1 Tab 9 at p193, paras
43-44.

[note: 101]Respondent’s Bundle of Authorities Vol 1 Tab 9 at p193, para 41.

[note: 102]Respondent’s Submissions at [105]-[106].

[note: 103]Respondent’s Submissions at [167]-[169].

[note: 104]Respondent’s Submissions at [170]-[184].

[note: 105]Plaintiff’s submissions at [47]-[48].

[note: 106]Respondent’s Submissions at [188].

[note: 107]Respondent’s Submissions at [190].

[note: 108]Respondent’s Submissions at [191].

[note: 109]Plaintiff’s submissions at [21]-[25].

[note: 110]Respondent’s Submissions at [192].

[note: 111]Plaintiff’s submissions at [21].

[note: 112]Plaintiff’s submissions at [16]-[18].

[note: 113]Plaintiff’s submissions at [19].

[note: 114]Plaintiff’s Bundle of Documents at pp11-12.

[note: 115]Plaintiff’s submissions at [20].

[note: 116]Respondent’s Submissions at [193].

[note: 117]Plaintiff’s Bundle of Documents Vol 1 at pp 26-27.

[note: 118]Plaintiff’s submissions at [31]-[33].

[note: 119]Plaintiff’s Bundle of Documents Vol 1 at p141.

[note: 120]Respondent’s Submissions at [203].

[note: 121]Respondent’s Submissions at [203].

[note: 122]Respondent’s Submissions at [209].

[note: 123]Plaintiff’s submissions at [49].

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 13 Oct 2015 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

