Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Motorola Solutions Credit Co LLC _v_ Kemal Uzan and others  
[2015] SGHC 228

Case Number| :| Suit No 1046 of 2013 (HC/Summons No 2356 of 2015)  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 03 September 2015  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Chua Lee Ming JC  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Chan Daniel and Chua Sui Tong (WongPartnership LLP) for
the plaintiff; Daniel Chia and Stephany Aw Shu Hui (Morgan Lewis Stamford LLC)
for the second to fifth and seventh defendants.  
Parties| :|  MOTOROLA SOLUTIONS CREDIT COMPANY LLC — (1)KEMAL UZAN (2)CEM
CENGIZ UZAN (3)MURAT HAKAN UZAN (4)MELAHAT UZAN (5)AYSEGUL AKAY (6)ANTONIO
LUNA BETANCOURT (7)LIBANANCO HOLDINGS CO LIMITED (8)COLIN ALAN COOK (9)HAJ
CAPITAL PTE LTD (10)LEVANT ONE INVESTMENTS PTE LIMITED (11)KRONOS INVESTMENTS
& TRADING SINGAPORE PTE LTD  
  
3 September 2015|  
---|---  
  
Chua Lee Ming JC:

Introduction

1 This was an application by the second to fifth defendants and seventh
defendants (“the Applicants”) for a declaration that four email chains (“the
Emails”) in the plaintiff’s possession were protected by common interest
privilege. The Applicants also sought orders to restrain the plaintiff from
using the Emails in this action, and for the Emails to be delivered to the
Applicants or destroyed. This application was one of several skirmishes in the
plaintiff’s long battle to enforce judgments which had been obtained in the
United States (“US”) and the United Kingdom (“UK”) between 2003 and 2010.

2 It was not disputed that the Emails were privileged communications and that
the Applicants were entitled to assert legal privilege unless they could be
said to have waived privilege. The plaintiff’s case was that legal privilege
had been waived. I concluded that legal privilege had not been waived and now
set out the reasons for my decision.

Background

3 In 2003, the plaintiff obtained judgment against the first to sixth
defendants in the US for US$2,132,896,905.66 (“the US 2003 Judgment”). In
2006, judgment was entered against the first to sixth defendants for an
additional US$1bn as punitive damages (“the US 2006 Judgment”). In 2010,
judgment was entered against the seventh defendant for both amounts and
interest on the ground that the seventh defendant was the alter ego of the
first to sixth defendants (“the US 2010 Judgment”). These three judgments will
be referred to collectively as “the US Judgments”.

4 The English High Court entered judgment against the second and fifth
defendants in 2004 and against the first and third defendants in 2010. Both
judgments were entered based on the US 2003 Judgment. These two judgments will
be referred to collectively as “the UK Judgments”.

5 In this action, the plaintiff sought to enforce the US Judgments and/or the
UK Judgments in Singapore. The plaintiff claimed that the eighth to eleventh
defendants held certain assets as agents or nominees for the first to seventh
defendants, and sued them for such assets to be delivered up to the plaintiff.

6 The plaintiff also commenced proceedings in Hong Kong against the first to
seventh defendants and their alleged nominees in Hong Kong (“the HK Action”).
One of the alleged nominees who was sued in the HK Action is Kwong Ka Yin,
Phyllis (“Phyllis Kwong”).

7 The plaintiff obtained the Emails from Phyllis Kwong in the HK Action
pursuant to orders for discovery made by the Hong Kong High Court. Only the
alleged nominees who were sued in the HK Action (including Phyllis Kwong) were
given the opportunity to object to the disclosure of any document produced
under the order of court. No objection to the disclosure of the Emails was
made by them. The plaintiff subsequently obtained leave from the Hong Kong
High Court to use, among others, the Emails in this action in Singapore.

8 The Emails were exchanged between Mr Ali Cenk Turkkan (a director of the
seventh defendant), the second defendant, Phyllis Kwong, solicitors for the
Applicants in Singapore, Hong Kong and France, and the then Singapore
solicitors for the eighth to tenth defendants. The Emails were referred to and
exhibited in the 13th Affidavit of George R. Calhoun, V filed on 15 April 2015
(“the 13th Affidavit”) in support of the plaintiff’s application for specific
discovery against the Applicants and the eleventh defendant. The plaintiff
relied on the Emails to show that Mr Ali Cenk Turkkan (as director of the
seventh defendant) had sent emails on behalf of the second defendant.

9 The issues before me were whether the Applicants had waived legal privilege
in respect of the Emails:

(a) implicitly by conduct; and/or

(b) as a result of the waiver by Phyllis Kwong in the HK Action.

Whether the Applicants had waived privilege by their conduct

10 The plaintiff disclosed the Emails in a List of Documents filed on 22
January 2015 (“the plaintiff’s List”). The Applicants did not inspect the
documents in the plaintiff’s List. Instead, on 26 February 2015, the
Applicants requested copies of all the documents in the plaintiff’s List, and
on 2 March 2015, copies were given to the Applicants. On 15 April 2015, the
plaintiff filed the application for specific discovery against the Applicants
and the eleventh defendant; the application was supported by the 13th
Affidavit.

11 By way of a letter dated 29 April 2015, the Applicants’ solicitors took
objection to the reference to the Emails in the 13th Affidavit, and asked the
plaintiff to explain how the plaintiff had obtained a copy of the Emails. The
Applicants also reserved their rights. The plaintiff’s solicitors replied on 5
May 2015 and informed the Applicants that the Emails were obtained pursuant to
court orders granted in the HK Action. By way of a letter dated 12 May 2015,
the Applicants’ solicitors maintained that legal privilege over the Emails
continued to exist. On 15 May 2015, the Applicants filed the present
application.

12 The plaintiff submitted that the Applicants had waived privilege over the
Emails as a result of their failure to object to the inclusion of the Emails
in the plaintiff’s List until some three months later. The plaintiff relied on
_Derby & Co Ltd and others v Weldon and others (No 10)_ [1991] 1 WLR 660 (“
_Derby_ ”) in which the court held (at 674) that the defendants were entitled
to assume that privilege had been waived in respect of documents included by
the plaintiff in the trial bundles. In _Derby_ , the plaintiff had erroneously
included privileged documents in its trial bundles. The court held that since
the defendants had no reason to suppose that any mistake had occurred, they
were entitled to assume that the plaintiff intended to rely on the documents
and that any privilege had been waived.

13 The facts in the present case are very different. Here, the Emails were in
the plaintiff’s List and the only conduct relied on by the plaintiff was the
Applicants’ silence between 22 January 2015 (when the plaintiff’s List was
filed) and 29 April 2015 (when the Applicants objected to the use of the
Emails in the 13th Affidavit). In my view, these facts did not justify the
plaintiff making any assumption that the Applicants had waived privilege.
Although the plaintiff’s List was filed on 22 January 2015, the Applicants
received a copy of the Emails only on 2 March 2015. The Emails were provided
to the Applicants together with numerous other documents and it was to be
expected that the Applicants and their lawyers would need time to review the
documents. Once the Applicants saw the Emails in the 13th Affidavit, they
acted promptly and objected to the use of them on 29 April 2015. The delay in
objecting to the Emails was thus not unreasonable.

14 The Applicants had also acted promptly in making this application and
asking for it to be heard before the hearing of the plaintiff’s application
for specific discovery. This was important as it would have been too late for
them to object once the application for specific discovery had been heard
since the 13th Affidavit (filed in support of the application) would then have
been deployed and the Emails admitted in evidence. Once admitted in evidence,
privilege would be lost. Until the application was heard, the affidavit filed
in support of the application was not yet admitted in evidence. The filing of
the affidavit was only preparatory to the admission of that evidence: _Tentat
Singapore Pte Ltd v Multiple Granite Pte Ltd and others_ [2009] 1 SLR(R) 42 at
[40]–[42].

15 I concluded that the Applicants had not waived privilege by their conduct.

Whether the waiver by Phyllis Kwong in the HK Action amounted to waiver by the
Applicants

16 It was common ground that the Emails were protected by common interest
privilege. Common interest privilege allows one person to share privileged
materials with others who have a common interest in the subject matter to
which the privileged materials relate, without any loss of legal privilege.
Such sharing does not amount to a waiver of privilege except as between the
provider of the materials and the recipients. In addition, each recipient can
assert privilege over the shared materials against a third party: _Buttes Gas
and Oil Co and another v Hammer and another (No 3)_ [1981] 1 QB 223 at 243 (“
_Buttes Gas”)_ ; Bankim Thanki QC, _The Law of Privilege_ (Oxford University
Press, 2nd Ed, 2011) at paras 6.16–6.17 (“ _The Law of Privilege_ ”); Colin
Passmore, _Privilege_ (Sweet & Maxwell, 3rd Ed, 2013) at para 6-061 (“
_Privilege_ ”). The concept of common interest privilege has been accepted in
Singapore: _The Oriental Insurance Co Ltd v Reliance National Asia Re Pte Ltd_
[2009] 2 SLR(R) 385 at [190]–[192]. In the present case, each recipient of the
Emails was entitled to assert legal privilege over the Emails because of a
common interest in the subject matter of the Emails.

17 The question that arose in this case was whether waiver of privilege by one
member of a common interest group constituted waiver by one or more other
members of the group. In the case of joint interest privilege (_eg_ , where
two persons are jointly represented by a lawyer), it was clear that waiver by
one joint interest holder would not amount to waiver by the other without the
latter’s agreement: _Gelatissimo Ventures (S) Pte Ltd and others v Singapore
Flyer Pte Ltd_ [2010] 1 SLR 833 at [17]; _The TAG Group Litigation Winterthur
Swiss Insurance Company and another v AG (Manchester) Ltd (in liquidation) and
others_ [2006] EWHC 839 (Comm) (“ _Winterthur_ ”) at [133]; _The Law of
Privilege_ at para 6.52. However, the position in the case of common interest
privilege was less clear.

18 The position in England seems to be that a common interest holder cannot
waive privilege for the other common interest holders without their agreement
or authority: see _Winterthur_ at [133], and Colin Tapper, _Cross and Tapper
on Evidence_ (Oxford University Press, 12th Ed, 2010) at p 445. No reasons
were given for this view in either _Winterthur_ or _Cross and Tapper on
Evidence_. The view in _Winterthur_ was also _dicta_ as the case involved
joint interest privilege. In contrast, the position in Australia is that if
one common interest holder has waived privilege, the other common interest
holders would not be entitled to assert legal privilege if it is unfair for
them to do so: _The Law of Privilege_ at para 6.53, referring to _Farrow
Mortgage Services Pty Ltd (In Liq) v Webb and others_ (1996) 39 NSWLR 601 (“
_Farrow_ ”) at 619–620 and _Patrick v Capital Finance Corporation
(Australasia) Pty Ltd_ (2004) 211 ALR 272 (“ _Patrick_ ”) at 277. The views in
_Farrow_ and _Patrick_ were also _dicta_ as _Farrow_ involved joint interest
privilege whereas in _Patrick_ the court held that there was no common
interest.

19 In _Farrow_ , the court based its view on the fact that the underlying
rationale of implied waiver was one of fairness, and referred to _Attorney-
General for the Northern Territory v Maurice and others_ (1986) 161 CLR 475 (“
_Maurice_ ”) at 488. The court also said (at 620) that in determining
fairness, the court should consider “the circumstances in which the privileged
communications took place and came to be exchanged and provided to others”.
_Farrow_ was also referred to in _Patrick_.

20 The plaintiff submitted that the principle stated in _Farrow_ and _Patrick_
should be followed. According to the plaintiff, it was unfair for the
Applicants to maintain privilege over the Emails in view of the waivers in the
HK Action and the relevance of the Emails to the central factual issue in the
present case. The Applicants submitted that the principle stated in
_Winterthur_ should be followed. In the alternative, the Applicants submitted
that on the facts, it was not unfair for the Applicants to maintain legal
privilege over the Emails. The Applicants were not parties to the discovery
application in the HK Action and were not given the opportunity to inspect or
object to the disclosure of documents by Phyllis Kwong.

21 _Winterthur_ , _Farrow_ and _Patrick_ did not draw any distinction between
waiver by the provider of the privileged materials and waiver by a recipient
in the common interest group. However, in my view, such a distinction was
necessary.

22 In the case of waiver by the provider of the privileged materials, I agreed
with the view expressed in _The Law of Privilege_ (at para 6.53) that common
interest privilege can be waived unilaterally by the provider. In other words,
waiver by the provider of the privileged materials would destroy the common
interest privilege and the recipients in the group would no longer be able to
assert such privilege. In my opinion, this was logical since the legal
privilege was the provider’s to begin with. I saw no reason why a recipient in
the common interest group should be permitted to continue to assert legal
privilege where the provider had waived it. The legal privilege acquired by
the recipients in a common interest group was, to borrow a term used in _The
Law of Privilege_ at para 6.36, “parasitic” on the privilege of the provider.

23 As for waiver by a recipient of privileged materials in the common interest
group, I was of the view that such waiver would not constitute waiver by the
other common interest holders, including the provider. Each common interest
holder, whether he was the provider or recipient, had the right to assert
legal privilege over the shared materials against third parties. Except in the
case of waiver by the provider, in principle, whether any common interest
holder had waived his right to assert privilege ought to be determined by his
own conduct. In my opinion, it would be unfair to allow waiver by one
recipient in a common interest group to constitute waiver by the other
innocent common interest holders who had not participated in any way in the
waiver. If any other common interest holder had in some way participated in
the waiver then it would be his own conduct in doing so that determined
whether he had waived privilege.

24 In the present case, Phyllis Kwong was not the provider but was a recipient
of the Emails in the common interest group. It was also clear that the
Applicants had not participated in any way in the waiver by Phyllis Kwong.
Accordingly, I concluded that Phyllis Kwong’s waiver did not constitute waiver
by the Applicants and they remained entitled to assert legal privilege over
the Emails.

25 I was also of the view that even if one adopted the view in _Farrow_ , it
was difficult to see how it would be unfair for the innocent common interest
holders to continue to assert privilege in the case of waiver by one recipient
in the common interest group unless they had themselves in some way
participated in the waiver. However, as explained earlier, if there was any
participation in the waiver then the question would be whether that conduct
itself constituted waiver. The present case was a classic example. The
Applicants had nothing to do with the waiver by Phyllis Kwong. There was no
reason why it would be unfair for the Applicants to continue to assert
privilege over the Emails. If, for example, the Applicants had been given the
opportunity to object to Phyllis Kwong’s production of the Emails in the HK
Action and had chosen not to do so, then it would have been that conduct of
the Applicants that would have determined whether they had waived privilege.

Whether the Emails should be delivered to the Applicants or destroyed

26 The Applicants sought an order that the copies of the Emails be delivered
to them or destroyed. However, the plaintiff had properly obtained the Emails
pursuant to the order of court in the HK Action. I agreed with the plaintiff’s
submission that there was no basis to grant the order sought and I did not do
so.

Conclusion

27 I granted a declaration that the Applicants were entitled to claim legal
privilege over the Emails, an injunction restraining the plaintiff from using
the Emails against the Applicants in this action, an order striking out
references to the Emails in the 13th Affidavit, and costs to be paid by the
plaintiff fixed at $2,500 inclusive of disbursements.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 03 Sep 2015 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

