Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Bombay Talkies (S) Pte Ltd _v_ United Overseas Bank Limited  
[2015] SGCA 66

Case Number| :| Civil Appeal No 69 of 2015  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 27 November 2015  
Tribunal/Court| :| Court of Appeal  
Coram| :|  Sundaresh Menon CJ; Chao Hick Tin JA; Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Madan Assomull (Assomull & Partners) for the appellant;
and Chew Ming Hsien Rebecca and Yeo Jianhao Mitchell (Rajah & Tann Singapore
LLP) for the respondent.  
Parties| :|  BOMBAY TALKIES (S) PTE LTD — UNITED OVERSEAS BANK LIMITED  
  
[LawNet Editorial Note: This was an appeal from the decision of the High Court
in [2015] SGHC 142.]

27 November 2015|  
---|---  
  
Sundaresh Menon CJ (delivering the judgment of the court _ex tempore_):

1 A winding-up order was made against the appellant company. The order was
made on the basis of the appellant’s deemed insolvency, a statutory demand for
payment having been made without being honoured. The underlying debt is not
disputed; the only dispute as to quantum concerns the computation of
additional charges and costs which have accrued since the issuance of the
statutory demand.

2 In this appeal, the appellant challenges the winding up order that was made
below by a High Court judge (“the Judge”) whose decision is published as
_United Overseas Bank Ltd v Bombay Talkies (S) Pte Ltd_ [2015] SGHC 142. The
main argument canvassed by the appellant’s counsel, Mr Madan Assomull, centred
on whether the debt had been compounded to the reasonable satisfaction of the
respondent by dint of an arrangement that was entered into between the parties
for monthly instalments to be paid to the respondent (“the Repayment
Agreement”).

3 The statutory demand was issued on 21 February 2014 and served on the
appellant on 24 February 2014. The Repayment Agreement was set out in a letter
from the respondent’s solicitors to the appellant’s solicitors dated 30 April
2014.

4 The salient parts of the Repayment Agreement provide as follows:

3\. Having regard to the foregoing, for the avoidance of doubt and without
prejudice to any of our clients’ rights, our clients [_ie_ , the respondent]
are prepared to withhold for the time being winding up and/or bankruptcy
proceedings and/or execution proceedings under the Consent Judgment [in
Originating Summons No 221 of 2014] subject to the following terms:

…

(f) Your clients shall make monthly repayments of the sum of S$33,000 from
March 2014 to August 2014 to our clients, the cheques for the first such
payment was received on 14 March 2014, and thereafter, payments shall be
received by our clients on the last working day of each month;

(g) Our clients shall be entitled in their sole discretion to apply the
monthly payments of S$33,000 received from March 2014 to August 2014 towards
the repayment and satisfaction of any of the amounts due and owing by your
clients to our clients;

(h) Your clients are to submit by no later than 31 August 2014 a fresh
repayment proposal in respect of the balance outstanding amount as at 31
August 2014 (including all accrued and accruing interest, costs and expenses
incurred on a full indemnity basis) for our client’s consideration; and

…

4\. In the event of any failure on the part of your clients to comply with any
of the terms as set out in paragraph 3 above, our clients shall proceed to
enforce their rights against your clients, including but not limited to
enforcing their rights under the Consent Judgment and instituting winding up
and/or bankruptcy actions against your clients without further reference to
you or your clients.

5 Section 254(2)(_a_) of the Companies Act (Cap 50, 2006 Rev Ed) provides as
follows:

**Definition of inability to pay debts**

(2) A company shall be deemed to be unable to pay its debts if —

(_a_) a creditor by assignment or otherwise to whom the company is indebted in
a sum exceeding $10,000 then due has served on the company by leaving at the
registered office a demand under his hand or under the hand of his agent
thereunto lawfully authorised requiring the company to pay the sum so due, and
the company has for 3 weeks thereafter neglected to pay the sum or to secure
or compound for it to the reasonable satisfaction of the creditor …

6 It follows that the debtor may do any of the following in response to a
statutory demand:

(a) pay the sum demanded;

(b) secure the sum demanded to the reasonable satisfaction of the creditor; or

(c) compound the sum demanded to the reasonable satisfaction of the creditor.

7 There is no dispute that the debt in this case was neither paid nor secured
to the reasonable satisfaction of the debtor. The only question is whether it
was in fact compounded. Mr Assomull contends that the respondent’s agreement
to allow the appellant to pay monthly instalments amounted to its compounding
the debt. As a starting point, we accept that where a debt has in fact been
compounded to the reasonable satisfaction of the creditor, a winding up
petition cannot be presented in reliance on the statutory demand that was
based on the debt which has since been compounded. The question before us
therefore turns on what it means to compound a debt.

8 In our judgment, to compound a debt connotes the acceptance of an
alternative obligation in lieu or in satisfaction of the debt in question. To
put it another way, a debt is compounded when it is discharged or rendered
unenforceable pursuant to an agreement between the debtor and the creditor. In
such circumstances, it will frequently be the case that a new obligation is
created and this will be the consideration for the discharge of the original
debt; but that is a separate matter which will have to be separately pursued
by the creditor in the event of a breach.

9 Thus, in _Good v Cheesman_ (1831) 109 ER 1165, it was observed that where
the creditors had entered into a composition with the debtor, the “consequence
of such engagement [was that each creditor’s] demand will not be enforced” and
there was “in fact, a new agreement, substituted for the original contract
with the debtor” (at 1167). If the debt which is purportedly the subject of a
composition remains valid and enforceable and an action can continue to be
brought upon it, there will in fact have been no composition.

10 The definition of “compound” might have been stated in wider terms in some
cases. Notably, there is an Australian authority cited in the grounds of
decision below (at [25]): _Commonwealth Bank of Australia v Parform Pty Ltd_
(1995) 13 ACLC 1309 (“ _Parform_ ”). The debtor in that case argued that a
letter from its solicitors to the creditor’s solicitors to pay a part of the
debt forthwith and the balance within the next 30 days amounted to a
compounding of the debt, even though, on the facts, the proposal was rejected
by the creditor. This contention was not accepted by the court on the ground
that the creditor was reasonably entitled to reject the proposal. But the
court went on to define compounding in the following terms (at [4]): “To
‘compound’ for a debt is to accept an arrangement for payment of the amount of
the debt or of a different amount”.

11 Relying on this definition of “compounding”, Mr Assomull argues that _any_
agreement to accept an alternative payment arrangement would entail that the
debt had been compounded. In this regard, he contends that the respondent in
this case had agreed to accept an alternative scheme for payment as set out in
paragraphs 3(f)–(h) of the Repayment Agreement which has been referenced at
[4] above and therefore had compounded the debt.

12 In our judgment, this is much too wide a construction to be placed on the
effect of the decision of the court in _Parform_. At the outset, it has to be
noted that this was not the central concern in the case. As noted above, the
primary issue was whether it was open to the creditor to reject the debtor’s
proposal. But insofar as some observation was made on the meaning of
“compounding” in our judgment, the true effect of this, which is consistent
with what we have said at [8] above, is that a debt will be considered to have
been compounded where the original obligation is discharged. Only then can it
be said that “an arrangement for payment” has in fact been accepted. Where
this is accompanied by the parties entering into a fresh agreement, it is the
fresh obligation, not the original obligation, which may be enforced. In
_Parform_ , if the creditor had accepted the proposal, the debt which had
fallen due would have been extinguished in consideration of an agreement to
make an immediate payment of a certain sum followed by a further payment that
would not fall due until 30 days later. If this was not subsequently complied
with, and in particular if the sum due 30 days later was not paid, the
creditor would have a right of action in respect of that sum but this would be
a fresh right and it would not be a right in respect of the original debt.

13 On a true construction of the repayment terms in this case, which are set
out above at [4], we are amply satisfied that the debt had not been
compounded. In saying this, we refer first to paragraph 3 of the Repayment
Agreement which makes it clear that the repayment terms were agreed _without
prejudice_ to any of the creditor’s rights. In our judgment, this makes it
explicit that although the creditor was prepared to withhold winding up or
bankruptcy or execution proceedings for the time being, subject to certain
terms, this was on terms that its rights in respect of the original obligation
owed by the appellant were not to be disturbed. This conclusion is then
fortified by paragraph 4 of the Repayment Agreement in which the parties
explicitly provided that the creditor would be entitled to proceed to enforce
its rights against the debtor in the event of any failure on the part of the
debtor to comply with any of the terms set out in paragraph 3. In short, the
latter makes it abundantly clear that the original obligation had not been
discharged, and absent such a discharge, it is wrong to speak of it as having
been compounded.

14 In our judgment, the effect of paragraphs 3 and 4 of the Repayment
Agreement was to make it clear that the creditor was not compounding the debt
but was granting the debtor an indulgence and this was on express terms that
its rights would not be compromised. On the view we have formed of what
constitutes “compounding”, this was the very antithesis of it.

15 Mr Assomull relies on the decision of the Supreme Court of South Australia
in _Kema Plastics Pty Ltd v Mulford Plastics Pty Ltd_ (1981) 5 ACLR 607 (“
_Kema Plastics_ ”) to suggest that an agreement to accept payment by
instalments will necessarily amount to a compounding of the debt. In our
judgment, that decision simply does not stand for so broad a proposition.
Indeed, _Kema Plastics_ is useful to illustrate the point that the question of
whether a debt has been compromised or compounded will depend on what exactly
has in fact been agreed. In _Kema Plastics_ , the alleged agreement included a
term that having accepted the proposed payment terms, _the notice of demand
would be treated as withdrawn or as being of no effect_. This in effect
amounted to an allegation that the parties had agreed that the original
obligation had been discharged and a new one entered into in its place. If
this were true, then there would be no difficulty finding that the debt had
been compounded. But there is no such agreement here. To the contrary, the
express terms of the agreement here were such as to make it clear that the
instalment proposal was accepted _without prejudice_ to the creditor’s rights
and that if the instalment plan was breached, the creditor would have the
right to proceed with the winding up action without further reference to the
debtor.

16 We make a further observation. The view that we have taken today will have
the salutary effect of encouraging creditors who have included the necessary
protective language in their agreements to afford debtors the opportunity to
pay by instalments so that deserving debtors may avoid having to be wound up.

17 For these reasons, we dismiss the appeal and order the appellant to pay to
the respondent costs fixed at $20,000 inclusive of disbursements. We also make
the usual consequential order for the payment out of the security for costs.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 27 Nov 2015 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

