Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  CAA Technologies Pte Ltd _v_ HP Construction & Engineering Pte Ltd  
[2015] SGHC 32

Case Number| :| Suit No 333 of 2013  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 28 January 2015  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Tan Siong Thye J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Choh Thian Chee Irving and Lim Bee Li (Optimus Chambers
LLC) for the plaintiff; Chung Khoon Leong John, Amy Tan and Priscylia Wu Bao
Yi (Kelvin Chia Partnership) for the defendant.  
Parties| :|  CAA Technologies Pte Ltd — HP Construction & Engineering Pte Ltd  
  
28 January 2015| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Tan Siong Thye J:

Introduction

1 The defendant, HP Construction & Engineering Pte Ltd, was the main
contractor for a Housing Development Board (“HDB”) project at Ang Mo Kio
Neighbourhood 6 (“the Project”). The plaintiff, CAA Technologies Pte Ltd, was
the concrete precaster and the defendant’s sub-contractor. The defendant
terminated the plaintiff’s services as the latter had been consistently late
in the delivery of the pre-cast components, some of which were also defective.

2 The plaintiff sues the defendant for: (a) wrongful termination of the
subcontract between them (“the Subcontract”); (b) the defendant’s wrongful
call on the banker’s guarantee (“the Guarantee Agreement”); and (c)
compensation on a _quantum meruit_ basis for precast components that had been
manufactured but undelivered. The defendant counter-claims for: (a) the cost
of engaging another concrete precaster to complete the plaintiff’s outstanding
work; (b) the costs of rectifying the plaintiff’s defective pre-cast
components; (c) damages for the delay caused by the plaintiff; and (d) damages
for other costs that the defendant had paid on behalf of the plaintiff.

The background facts

The parties

3 The defendant is in the business of providing preconstruction, project
management, architectural design and construction and interior design
services. The HDB awarded the Project to the defendant as the main contractor
(“the Main Contract”). The Project commenced on 20 December 2011, with the
completion date agreed to be 4 March 2014.

4 The plaintiff is a concrete pre-caster that designs, produces and installs
pre-stressed and precast concrete structures for building projects.[note: 1]
The defendant awarded the precast contract to the plaintiff. The parties hence
entered into the Subcontract. The plaintiff’s scope of work under the
Subcontract was to prepare the shop drawings, as well as supply, fabricate and
deliver all precast components to the Project worksite.

5 The Subcontract was worth $3,377,661.87, and contained a termination clause
set out at [47] below. Its commencement date was 20 December 2011, and the
completion date was 13 September 2013.

6 The civil and structural engineer for the Project was Surbana International
Consultants Pte Ltd, and the Project’s architect was Architects 61 Pte Ltd.
They are referred to collectively as “the Consultants” in this judgment. They
were involved, _inter alia_ , in the approval of the shop drawings that were
essential for the plaintiff’s production of the precast components.

The advance payment and the Guarantee Agreement

7 Under the Subcontract, the plaintiff requested for an advance payment
equivalent to 10% of the Subcontract sum, which was $337,766.19. The plaintiff
required this money to buy materials and moulds required for the performance
of its obligations under the Subcontract.[note: 2] Provision was made for this
through a handwritten term (“the Handwritten Clause”) in the Subcontract at
para 1 of Appendix C – General Terms & Conditions which states:[note: 3]

10% down payment shall be paid upon signing of the contract. [The plaintiff]
will provide a banker guarantee as security.

8 Pursuant to the Handwritten Clause, the defendant made advance payments
amounting to 10% of the Subcontract sum in two equal tranches to the plaintiff
on 23 February 2012 and 23 May 2012. In consideration of the advanced payment,
the plaintiff gave the defendant a guarantee for the sum of $337,766.19 under
the Guarantee Agreement. The terms of the Guarantee Agreement will be
discussed in greater detail later in this judgement. However, in summary,
under the Guarantee Agreement, ABN Amro Bank N V (as Guarantor) undertook to
pay the Defendant the sum of $337,766.19 on the latter’s demand.[note: 4] The
parties also agreed that the defendant was allowed to deduct 10% of each of
the plaintiff’s progress payments as the project progressed, and the plaintiff
did just that.[note: 5]

The issues

9 The relevant issues in these proceedings are as follows:

(a) Was the plaintiff in breach of the Subcontract?

(b) Was the defendant entitled to terminate the Subcontract?

(c) What are the damages for the successful party?

(d) How much was the plaintiff entitled to for work done under the
Subcontract?

(e) Was the plaintiff liable for the defective precast components delivered to
the site?

(f) Was the defendant legally entitled to call on the Guarantee Agreement upon
termination of the Subcontract?

10 I shall deal with these issues accordingly.

Was the plaintiff in breach of the Subcontract?

11 For a better appreciation of the issues, it is useful first to set out the
work processes in the production of precast components. Precast components are
modular concrete structures which are like “building blocks” used in modern
construction techniques.[note: 6] Each component is fashioned by casting
concrete over reinforcement bars and welded mesh within a metal mould to
assume a desired shape and dimension.[note: 7] These components are usually
produced in off-site factories. Thereafter they would be transported to the
construction site for assembly and installation into the main building
structure.[note: 8]

12 In order to obtain the correct dimensions, the precaster has to follow the
approved shop drawings. These are detailed drawings used to prepare the moulds
for the production of the concrete precast components.[note: 9] According to
the plaintiff, it is only when the shop drawings have been approved that work
can proceed.[note: 10]

13 In this case, the plaintiff claims that it was in full compliance with its
contractual obligations and is claiming money owed to it by the defendant
under the Subcontract. However, the defendant alleges that the plaintiff had
breached its contractual obligations under the Subcontract and sues for
damages.

14 To this end, the parties agree that there were delays in the production of
the precast components. However, they disagree about who is responsible for
the delays, and hence, in breach of the Subcontract and liable to pay damages
to the other. I turn now to examine the parties’ submissions in this regard.

The defendant’s submissions

15 The defendant claims that the delays in the production of the precast
components are wholly attributable to the plaintiff. In its submissions, the
defendant cited several reasons for the delays in the production of the
precast components, which showed that the plaintiff was responsible for the
delays. The first category of reasons pertains to the plaintiff’s
inefficiency. First, the defendant submits that the plaintiff was incompetent.
Second, it submits that the plaintiff’s workers who were in charge of the
production of the shop drawings were inexperienced, and that led to more
revision and amendments, causing delays.[note: 11] Third, it submits that
because Mr Chi Chao-Ton Tony (“PW1”), the plaintiff’s chairman, travelled
frequently and that meant that his approval of the shop drawing drafts, which
was necessary before they were submitted to the defendant and the Consultants,
was not given in a timely manner. [note: 12] Fourth, it submits that that the
plaintiff had a shortage of workers, which led to the delays.

16 The defendant next submits that the plaintiff experienced cash flow
problems. The following evidence was presented in support of that submission:

(a) the plaintiff was unable to pay for the transport of precast components
from its casting yard in Johor to Singapore;

(b) the plaintiff was unable to pay its suppliers for materials; and

(c) the plaintiff’s workers threatened to stop work in February 2013 due to
the cash flow problems.[note: 13]

17 Finally, the defendant submits that the delays were caused by the
plaintiff’s shortage of materials as a result of its cash flow issues. Despite
the Subcontract stating that the plaintiff was to supply all materials for the
production and casting of the precast components, the defendant was
occasionally asked to supply the materials.[note: 14] The shortage affected
the casting work and hence the work progress as the plaintiff could not carry
out its casting work without the materials. Furthermore, the plaintiff’s
machinery was old and broke down frequently, leading to further delays in the
production of precast components.

18 For the above reasons, the defendant submits that the plaintiff caused
delays of up to seven months. The precast components were critical to the
building project and they were not produced according to schedule.[note: 15]

The plaintiff’s submission

19 The plaintiff denies that it breached its Subcontract obligations.

20 First, it submits that the precast components were to be completed only by
13 September 2013, and it could have done that if the Subcontract had not been
terminated. PW1 testified that on average, the plaintiff was able to
manufacture and deliver two stories worth of precast components per month.
Based on its work rate, it would have completed the manufacture and delivery
of the precast components on time. However, it had not been given the
opportunity to do so and hence, could not be said to be in breach of its
obligations under the Subcontract.[note: 16]

21 Second, the plaintiff submits that there was no delay in its submission of
the shop drawings to the Consultants for approval. Any delay was caused by the
lateness of the Consultants and other subcontractors in giving their approval
and input respectively for the shop drawings. There were also amendments made
to the shop drawings after 27 August 2012, even after final approval was
given. Moreover, the plaintiff submits that delay was also caused by (a) the
delay of the timber mock-up’s finalisation, which was necessary for the
production of the precast moulds; and (b) the defendant’s late delivery of the
cast-in items, which were necessary for the production of the precast
components.

22 Third, the plaintiff submits that there was a shortage of wire mesh which
was an essential part of the fabrication process.[note: 17] Coupled with the
shortage of cast-in items, the production of precast components could only
begin by the end of November 2012, and hence, the delay.[note: 18]

My decision

23 There are several important factual disputes which must be considered in
order to ascertain whether the plaintiff breached its contractual duties. I
shall now give my findings in relation to those disputes.

The delay in the shop drawings submission was mainly caused by the plaintiff

24 The first dispute concerns the delay in the shop drawings submission. It is
an undeniable fact that the plaintiff had failed to comply with the Master
Schedule (“the Schedule”) as agreed to in the Subcontract. The Schedule states
that preparation of the shop drawings was to commence on 2 February 2012, and
be completed on 3 March 2012.[note: 19] The documentary evidence shows that
this was not done.

25 The issue before for me then, is to whom the delay is attributable to. In
my view, the delay was largely the fault of the plaintiff. By 7 March 2012,
the shop drawings had not yet been fully submitted by the plaintiff to the
defendant for approval. In the plaintiff’s letter to the defendant dated 7
March 2012, the plaintiff mentioned that:[note: 20]

_For shop drawing submission, we have submitted 10 items of precast elements
till today. For the whole project, the total items are about 20 items._ And
regarding to (_sic_) the P.E endorsement, please understand the initial
drawings is (_sic_) for your consultant and other related contractors to
comments (_sic_) and update with their information. The initial drawings are
not for construction and to revise according to the comments. … [emphasis
added]

26 In the defendant’s reply, the defendant expressed unhappiness with the
plaintiff’s delay in its submission of the shop drawings. It reminded the
plaintiff that it was crucial for all subcontractors to abide by the timeline
in the Schedule. In that same reply, the defendant also informed the plaintiff
that it would hasten the Consultants to approve the shop drawings so that the
precast components could be delivered by 15 May 2012 as per the original
deadline.[note: 21]

27 The next letter from the plaintiff was a _tacit_ admission that it could
not abide by the Schedule. In its letter dated 13 May 2012, PW1 stated that
“After our study, we [cannot] improve on our submission schedule. And we are
trying our best to proceed (_sic_) the shop drawing submission according to
our schedule.”[note: 22] By contrast, on 13 May 2012, the defendant was ready
to deliver essential precast supplies to the plaintiff for the latter to
commence production of the precast components. In its email on 28 March 2012,
the defendant also reminded the plaintiff to ensure that all the requirements
were approved two weeks before the delivery of the precast supplies. It also
reminded the plaintiff to submit all the necessary requirements for the
Consultants’ approval.[note: 23]

28 Despite the defendant’s constant reminders, two weeks later, the shop
drawings were still not approved. The correspondence between Ms Qian Lili (“Ms
Qian”), who was one of the plaintiff’s staff in charge of the shop drawings,
and the defendant, shows that the shop drawings were only approved much later,
between July and August 2012. In my view, the facts highlighted above show
that much of the delay was caused by the plaintiff’s shop drawings being
defective, or the plaintiff being tardy in its replies to the defendant
regarding the shop drawings. This is further evidenced by the defendant’s
email to the plaintiff on 29 June 2012, stating that while the shop drawings
had been given to Ms Qian between 11 June 2012 and 21 June 2012, by 29 June
2012, the plaintiff still had not submitted any shop drawings to the defendant
to address the Consultants’ comments.[note: 24]

29 In its defence, the plaintiff submits that the continual amendments to the
shop drawings after they were finalised on 27 August 2012 contributed to the
delay in the production of the precast components.[note: 25] However, its
credibility was diminished as PW1’s testimony was inconsistent. There were
material contradictions in his testimony with respect to whether _all_ the
shop drawings had to be approved before preparation of the moulds could begin
and one stark example is as follows:[note: 26]

A |  To me, all the shop drawings had to be in order before we buy the [wire mesh]  
---|---  
Q |  Would you agree with me that by about 11th July, all the shop drawings had been approved and you were ready for casting, and that is why you started to order the [wire mesh]?  
A |  I disagree. On 22nd of July, Mr Tan wrote an official letter stating that all the shop drawings were approved.  
Q |  Okay, can I now refer you to … minutes of sub-contractors’ meeting dated 18th of July.  
… |   
Q |  … [Reads] “[The plaintiff] confirmed that all the moulds are ready at the plant except staircase wall and lift wall.”  
… |   
Q |  Would this not suggest that by this date of 18th July, all the shop drawings had been approved to enable you to fabricate the moulds, except for these two items of course, the staircase wall and lift wall?  
A |  The ready he---“the moulds are ready” here meant that the fabricators have delivered the mould to our factory. But we need the shop drawing before we can cast because we need to make adjustments based on the shop drawings.  
Court |  “We need to make adjustment”?  
A |  Based on the shop drawings. This statement here is very general. It doesn’t mean that if the mould was ready, the casting was also ready.  
Q |  … Dr Chi, you are changing your story again. The last day---few days, you were telling us that you cannot fabricate the moulds unless all the shop drawings had been approved. …  
  
  

30 I thus found it hard to believe the evidence of PW1 in relation to the shop
drawings and correspondingly placed little weight on what he said.

31 Furthermore, it is apparent that it was the defendant and not the plaintiff
which showed more initiative in seeking to resolve the underlying causes of
the delays regarding the shop drawings.[note: 27] In its email dated 17 May
2012, the defendant specifically mentioned that it was “extremely worried”
that the precast components could not be produced on time. The defendant’s top
management also offered to meet up with the plaintiff to resolve “whatever
problems which are delaying the precast coordination”. Such initiative was not
forthcoming from the plaintiff.

32 Finally, the evidence shows that the plaintiff was not cooperative in
working with the other subcontractors as well. In an email dated 10 May 2012,
the defendant stated that it was “surprised and amazed” when the plaintiff
informed it that the incorporation of the mechanical and engineering (“M&E”)
details had to be done separately by the defendant, without the plaintiff’s
endorsement. That went against industry norms and was also not acceptable to
the Consultants.[note: 28] The plaintiff disagreed with the defendant in its
reply, and defendant’s reply dated 16 May 2012 to the plaintiff’s disagreement
was as follows:[note: 29]

It is the Pre-caster (specialist) responsibility to get their shop drawing
approved by the consultant prior to [producing] the precast components.
Nevertheless, since it is against your company’s regulation as per your claim,
we shall engage other parties to do it in order not to delay our submission to
consultant.

33 On a balance of probabilities, I find that the plaintiff was the party
which had caused the significant delays in the shop drawings submission. It is
possible that others might have contributed to the delay. However, on the
evidence before me, it is clear that the main delays were attributable to the
plaintiff. In a prefabricated construction the plaintiff as precaster played a
pivotal role in the progress of the project.

The plaintiff experienced cash flow issues

34 Second, I find that there is evidence to suggest that the plaintiff faced
cash flow issues, which hindered its ability to pay its material suppliers and
workers. This was probably another reason why the plaintiff was tardy in his
discharge of his contractual duty.

35 The documentary evidence reveals that the plaintiff had sought financial
assistance from the defendant. This was encapsulated in its letter dated 8
January 2013 to the defendant:[note: 30]

Further, we also look for your help to release our progress claim before 25th
of every month, so we can pay all our sub-contractor (_sic_) and [suppliers]
by [the] end of [the] month.

36 The evidence shows that the defendant did indeed assist the plaintiff by
paying the plaintiff’s subcontractors when the plaintiff could not do so. The
defendant also paid for the transportation of the precast components to the
Project site even though that was the responsibility of the plaintiff[note:
31]. Some of this assistance was rendered specifically at the plaintiff’s
request. These acts demonstrate the plaintiff’s lack of financial means. I am
thus satisfied that the plaintiff did face cash flow issues, which hindered
its ability to produce the precast components as scheduled.

The plaintiff faced a shortage of materials

37 Third, I find that the plaintiff faced a shortage of materials which
affected its production of the precast components. The Agreed Bundle shows
that numerous emails were sent by the defendant to the plaintiff, informing
the latter that it was, _inter alia_ , (a) falling behind in its production of
precast components;[note: 32] and (b) non-compliant with its promise to HDB to
increase its number of workers.[note: 33] The plaintiff did not respond to
many of the emails.

38 One of the main complaints in the emails concerned the shortage of
materials. In particular, the defendant complained about the lack of wire
mesh, an essential raw material for the production of the household shelter
component.[note: 34] On this point, I am persuaded that the plaintiff had
experienced problems with its supplier of wire mesh, BRC Asia Ltd (“BRC
Asia”).

39 The documentary evidence shows that while the plaintiff had placed its
order for BRC wire mesh on 4 July 2012,[note: 35] it later received an email
from a representative of BRC Asia, stating that BRC Asia no longer supplied
wire mesh to Malaysia.[note: 36] That the plaintiff did not have enough wire
mesh to produce the precast components at a rate that was satisfactory to the
defendant can be seen in its letter to the defendant dated 13 July 2012:[note:
37]

Regarding … the wire mesh problem, it will take at least 2~3 weeks to receive
the order from the date of purchase. Especially for the mesh of Household
Shelter, BRC have informed us that they would like to stop supplying the mesh
of [Household Shelter] to our Malaysia plant.

We are continuing discussing (_sic_) with them and we also keep (_sic_)
looking for alternative solutions such as order from other suppliers, buy mesh
fabricating machine, etc. We haven’t succeeded till now, and will still work
on it.

40 PW1 acknowledged that besides BRC Asia, National Iron was a potential
supplier of wire mesh.[note: 38] However, no evidence was given as to whether
the plaintiff placed an order with that company. In its letter to the
defendant dated 6 August 2012, the plaintiff said that it needed about ten
weeks from the delivery of the cast-in window frames and designs to purchase
the wire mesh, set the mould and cast before the first delivery of the precast
components.[note: 39] From this letter, it is clear the plaintiff (a) did not
meet its casting and delivery schedule as agreed to on 24 July 2012[note: 40],
and (b) could not meet the defendant’s requirement that it produce precast
components in a week from 6 August 2012 so that work could commence on the
second storey’s precast planks, parapet wall and air-con ledge.[note: 41]

41 There is also evidence to suggest that on 16 January 2013, the plaintiff
ran out of wire mesh again.[note: 42] PW1 conceded in cross-examination that
this was indeed the case.[note: 43] I therefore find that the plaintiff did
have a shortage of wire mesh, which led to a delay in the production of the
precast components. This delay is clearly attributable to the plaintiff. I
move on to the next issue on the shortage of workers.

The plaintiff faced a shortage of workers

42 Fourth, I find that the plaintiff faced a shortage of workers. The
defendant makes two submissions to support its position that the plaintiff was
short on workers. The first submission is that generally, the plaintiff had
insufficient workers at its Johor casting yard.[note: 44] This is evidenced by
the defendant’s repeated emails to the plaintiff on the fact that the
plaintiff had insufficient workers on its production yard[note: 45]. The
plaintiff never replied to those emails. As a result, the defendant had to
engage more welders at its own expense in order to hasten the production of
the precast components.[note: 46]

43 The second submission is that the plaintiff had failed to keep its promise
to HDB and the defendant at a meeting on 11 January 2013 to increase its
available manpower from 17 to 40 in order to expedite the work.[note: 47] The
documentary evidence shows that in the immediate period after the meeting,
there was in fact a decrease in the number of workers available to work on the
precasting of the components.[note: 48]

44 I am inclined to believe that there was a shortage of manpower. The
plaintiff’s case is that the defendant had simply heaped all blame for the
delayed works onto it. However, if the allegations were untrue, PW1 could and
should have replied the defendant with cogent evidence to rebut the
allegations made by the defendant in its numerous emails. With respect to the
meeting with HDB, the plaintiff could also have rebutted those allegations and
presented its side of the story to HDB. It did not, and these facts
substantially weaken the plaintiff’s case.

45 I shall now address the issue of whether there was wrongful termination of
the Subcontract, as alleged by the plaintiff.

Was the defendant entitled to terminate the Subcontract?

46 I have found that the plaintiff repeatedly failed to improve its rate of
production of the precast components, and the components it supplied continued
to have numerous defects. All this culminated in the defendant sending the
plaintiff a Notice of Termination (“the Notice”) on 3 April 2013, alleging
that the plaintiff had failed to meet its obligations by: [note: 49]

(a) failing to meet planned delivery schedules of precast components thus
causing delay to the progress of the Main Contract and failing to satisfy
clauses 11(a) and (c) of Appendix D – Standard Conditions of Contract of the
Subcontract; and

(b) failing and/or refusing to rectify the defective precast components
delivered to the defendant in breach of clause 11(b) of Appendix D – Standard
Conditions of Contract of the Subcontract.

47 The plaintiff failed to comply with the Notice of Termination. On 8 April
2013, the defendant sent a Letter of Termination (“the Letter”) to the
plaintiff. The Letter alleged that the Project was more than seven months
behind schedule, and that the plaintiff had failed to deliver the precast
components for the sixth storey slab and rectify the defective precast
components delivered on or before 6 April 2013.[note: 50] The issue that
arises is whether the defendant’s termination of the plaintiff in the above
manner and circumstances is wrongful.

The law on termination of contracts

48 In _RDC Concrete Pte Ltd v Sato Kyogo (S) Pte Ltd_ [2007] 4 SLR(R) 413 (“
_RDC Concrete_ ”) at [91], the Court of Appeal noted that one ground for
terminating a contract is a contractual clause which “clearly and
unambiguously states that, in the event of a certain event or events
occurring, the innocent party will be entitled to terminate the contract”. In
this case, the defendant bases its termination of the Subcontract on cl 11 of
Appendix D of the Standard Conditions of Contract in the Subcontract. It
states that the Subcontract may be terminated in the following
instances:[note: 51]

**11.** **TERMINATION OF CONTRACT**

This Sub-contract shall be terminated in the event the Sub-Contracted default
in the following:

(a) _failure to proceed with the sub-contract works with due diligence and
expedition after being required in writing so to do by the Main Contractor_ ,
or

(b) refuses or _neglects to_ remove defective materials or _making good
defective work after being directed in writing to do so by the Main
Contractor_ , or

(c) _fails to perform his obligations in accordance with this Sub-Contract
Agreement after being required in writing to do so by the Main Contractor_

…

For items (a) to (c), the Sub-Contractor will be given three(3) (_sic_) days
to comply. Upon such determination, the rights and liabilities of the Main
Contractor shall be the same as if the Sub-Contractor has repudiated this
contract. The Main Contractor reserves the right to recover all loss and cost
from the Sub-Contractor.

[emphasis added]

49 The pertinent issue is whether the plaintiff’s conduct falls within at
least one of these limbs, such that the defendant has a right to terminate the
Subcontract under cl 11. In this case, the evidence shows that the plaintiff
was consistently and persistently unresponsive to the defendant’s concerns
about the slow progress of the Project. For that reason, and the reasons
provided below, I am of the view that there was sufficient justification for
the defendant to terminate the Subcontract under cl 11.

The delivery of the precast components was significantly delayed by the
plaintiff

The defendant’s submissions

50 One of the main reasons which the defendant relied on to terminate the
Subcontract was the plaintiff’s lateness in delivering the precast components.
According to the Schedule, the plaintiff was obliged to deliver the precast
components for the second storey by 25 May 2012, and to deliver the precast
components for the third to the 21st storey by 25 February 2013.[note: 52]
However, the defendant submits that the plaintiff only started delivering the
precast components for the second storey in October 2012, and by the end of
March 2013, it had not even completed delivery of the precast components for
up to the sixth storey.

The plaintiff’s submissions

51 In response, the plaintiff first submits that the defendant’s allegation
that it failed to deliver the precast components for the sixth storey slab by
6 April 2013 was untrue.[note: 53] The defendant had stated in its weekly
report to the HDB that all the sixth storey slab components had been
manufactured and delivered by 27 March 2013. Second, the plaintiff submits
that it did not delay the delivery of the precast components by more than
seven months. Third, the plaintiff submits that even if there was a delay of
more than seven months, it was not a valid reason for termination. In support
of this argument, the plaintiff cites _San International Pte Ltd v Keppel
Engineering Pte Ltd_ [1998] 3 SLR 871 (“ _San International_ ”), where the
Court of Appeal held that the materiality of the refusal of the defaulting
party to be bound by the terms of the contract must be weighed in the context
of the obligations then remaining unperformed.[note: 54] In its view,
termination can only be justified if the defaulting party shows an intention
to repudiate the contract and its breach deprives the innocent party of
substantially the whole benefit of the contract (_Shia Kian Eng (trading as
Forest Contractors) v Nakano Singapore (Pte) Ltd_ [2001] SGHC 68 (“ _Shia Kian
Eng_ ”) at [83]). In this case, the plaintiff was in the process of
manufacturing more precast components for the defendant. There was no
indication that it intended to stop production or was unable to proceed with
the works or complete the works on time. Thus the defendant did not have a
right of termination.[note: 55]

My decision

52 I have earlier found that the plaintiff had caused inordinate delays in the
production of the precast components through (a) delays in the submission of
shop drawings (see [22]–[32] above); (b) its cash flow problems (see [33]–[35]
above); and (c) its shortage of materials and workers (see [36]–[43] above).
In my view, they constitute sufficient reasons for the plaintiff to terminate
the Subcontract under cl 11(a). Moreover, the following facts show that the
plaintiff’s acts come within the three limbs of cl 11:

(a) The documents and photographs show that when the precast components were
supplied, there were numerous defects in the precast components supplied that
had to be rectified. When the plaintiff was notified of these defects via
email, it did not reply. Additionally, despite overwhelming evidence, PW1
repeatedly denied during cross-examination that there were defects in the
precast components. Of course, I must note that PW1 did admit that there were
defects several times during cross-examination.[note: 56] Given the
plaintiff’s shortage of manpower, the defendant had to undertake the
rectification works itself. In my view, the plaintiff’s acts and omissions
fall within cl 11(b).

(b) The documentary evidence shows that the defendant repeatedly and
consistently wrote emails and letters to the plaintiff, asking the plaintiff
to speed up its production of precast components as it was falling behind
schedule. Yet, the plaintiff _persistently_ refused to reply the emails sent
to it. In my view, the acts fall within cl 11(c).

The above breaches of the Subcontract over the course of 2012 contributed to
the Project being delayed by up to seven months. According to the Schedule,
the plaintiff was obliged to complete most of the precast components for the
first to the 21st storeys by the end of April 2013.[note: 57] Yet it only
completed the precast components for the first to the seventh storeys. I am
thus satisfied that the three limbs in cl 11 were met and in the premises, the
Subcontract was validly terminated by the defendant.

53 The plaintiff cited _San International_ and _Shia Kian Eng_ in its
submissions. However, they are not relevant to the present dispute as they
concerned the right of termination under common law, rather than under a
contractual termination clause. _San International_ dealt with whether a
repudiatory breach of contract had taken place, as this was required to
terminate a contract under common law. It did not deal with the issue of
termination on the basis of a contractual termination clause, like in the
instant case. Similarly, _Shia Kian Eng_ is a case which predated _RDC
Concrete_ and followed the holding in _San International_ (see _Shia Kian Eng_
at [82]). In _Shia Kian Eng_ , Judith Prakash J held that the defendant could
not rely on the contractual termination clause he invoked as that clause was
merely appended to the purchase orders and _did not_ form part of the
agreement between the parties. Consequently, the defendant had to rely on the
common law to justify termination and under the common law, the contractual
breach had to be such as to deprive the innocent party of substantially the
whole benefit. This was premised on the common intention of the parties.

54 I also wish to deal with the plaintiff’s assertion that it would have been
able to fulfil its obligations under the Subcontract if the contract was not
terminated. Given the performance and conduct of the plaintiff prior to the
termination, it is highly unlikely that the plaintiff could have
satisfactorily fulfilled its contractual obligations. At the end of April
2013, the defendant had five months to complete 14 storeys of precast
components. On its best case, which is that it could have completed two
storeys of precast components per month, there is no way it could have
completed the Subcontract obligations by 13 September 2013.

55 If the state of affairs were allowed to continue, the plaintiff would have
certainly failed to meet the contractual completion date of the Subcontract.
It would take an extraordinarily long time before the project would be
completed. The defendant would have to face considerable liquidated damages
from HDB who might even terminate the Main Contract. The indifferent attitude
of the plaintiff was holding the Project at ransom.

The Notice of Termination was sufficiently particularised

56 The second reason given by the plaintiff as to why termination was wrongful
is that the defendant did not sufficiently particularise the Notice.[note: 58]
It submits that in _AL Stainless Industries Pte Ltd v Wei Sin Construction Pte
Ltd_ [2001] SGHC 243 (“ _AL Stainless_ ”), Woo Bih Li J held at [158]–[159]
that such notices should leave recipients “in no doubt that the notice was
sent pursuant to a particular provision since complaints or chasers in the
construction industry are not uncommon”.

57 The plaintiff submits that the defendant’s factual basis for terminating
the plaintiff was misconceived.[note: 59] The defendant relied on the
plaintiff’s failure to deliver the sixth storey slabs as one of two reasons
for terminating the Subcontract. Under cross-examination, that was revealed to
be erroneous. It should have been the seventh storey instead.[note: 60] On
this basis, the defendant submits that the Letter was without basis.[note: 61]

58 In response, the defendant submits that the facts of _AL Stainless_ can be
_clearly_ distinguished from the instant case. Paragraph 7 of the Notice
states that:[note: 62]

Take notice and we hereby demand that unless you take immediate steps to
mitigate your delays and comply with the attached schedule and/or make good
your defective precast components that previously sent to you within the next
three (3) days, we shall have no alternative but to exercise our right to
terminate your employment under the Sub-Contract pursuant to clause 11 of
Appendix D – Standards Conditions of Contract.

59 According to _AL Stainless_ , it is important that the plaintiff must be
alerted, put on notice and given an opportunity to comply before the
Subcontract is terminated. In my view, the facts in _AL Stainless_ are
different from the facts in the present case. In _AL Stainless_ , Woo Bih Li
JC (as he then was) made his observations in the context of an ambiguously
worded Notice of Termination. The Notice of Termination stated that a one week
grace period would be given to the subcontractors to complete all outstanding
work, failing which a new sub-contractor would be engaged and losses claimed
from the subcontractors (at [155(q)]). It was in that context that Woo JC made
his observations that a party who wishes to exercise its right to terminate
should leave the recipient of the notice in no doubt that the notice was being
sent pursuant to a particular contractual provision, although specific
identification of the provision in question is not always required (at
[157]–[159]).

60 In _AL Stainless_ , the main contractors did not even mention that it
intended to terminate the contract in the Notice of Termination relied on. By
contrast, in the present case, the defendant made its intentions clear in the
Notice. It is clear from the Notice that the plaintiff was required to deliver
the said components within the next three days, and failure to do so would
give the defendant the right to terminate the Subcontract. Further, the
evidence indicates that the plaintiff knew what the components were. Thus I am
satisfied that the defendant had a right to terminate the Subcontract as
sufficient particulars were given under the Notice and the procedure for
termination was observed.

The defendant’s advance planning of the termination does not negate the
defendant’s right to terminate the Subcontract

61 Third, the plaintiff submits that the defendant pre-planned the plaintiff’s
termination and would have terminated it regardless of the reasons given in
the Notice and the Letter. It submits that the evidence shows that as early as
12 March 2013, the defendant already had an intention to terminate the
plaintiff. This is evinced by the following acts undertaken before it was
aware of Qingjian Precast Pte Ltd’s (“Qingjian”) appointment as its
replacement:[note: 63]

(a) DW2 was ordered to deliver as much of the precast components that the
plaintiff already fabricated as possible to the Project site just prior to the
plaintiff’s termination;

(b) DW3 was instructed to hand over all the shop drawings submissions,
production schedule and mould fabrication schedule to Qingjian; and

(c) the defendant gave instructions that no further cast-in items were to be
delivered to the plaintiff’s factory.[note: 64]

62 In response, the defendant submits that the question of whether the
plaintiff’s termination was pre-planned is irrelevant to whether the defendant
is entitled to terminate the Subcontract. In any event, the plaintiff was
given every opportunity to catch up with the delivery schedule but it failed
to do so. As a result, it was proper and necessary for the defendant to plan
ahead before deciding to terminate the Subcontract. A change of precaster
could not be done overnight and some lead time was required before full
production and delivery of the precast components could begin.

63 I agree with the defendant that this submission is irrelevant to the
wrongful termination issue. I also observe that it was the Consultants that
suggested the termination and substitution of the plaintiff. Moreover, given
the extensive delays that had already taken place, it was appropriate for the
defendant, having been denied an extension of time by HDB, to be worried about
whether it could complete the Project on time. This was because it was
potentially liable to pay liquidated damages to HDB. The key issue here is
whether the defendant was _in fact and in law_ entitled to terminate the
Subcontract under cl 11. The answer is in the affirmative.

What are the damages that result from the breach of the Subcontract?

64 The next question concerns the quantum of damages flowing from the breach.
The defendant’s claim is for a total of $1,814,374.51. The plaintiff rejects
all the heads of claim and insists that it is liable for _nothing_. I find
that the defendant succeeds partially in this respect.

The plaintiff is liable to pay the defendant for the additional costs to
complete

65 First, the defendant submits that the plaintiff should be liable to pay for
the additional costs the defendant incurred in completing the Project due to
the plaintiff’s breach. The defendant had to engage a new precaster via a
tender process as it had terminated the Subcontract.[note: 65] In this regard,
the plaintiff objected on the basis that the price was too high. However, it
did not provide any evidence to show that Qingjian’s rate was above the market
rate. Instead, the defendant provided evidence to show that Qingjian’s bid was
the lowest among those that it received.[note: 66]

66 I find that the plaintiff’s breach caused the defendant loss. This loss has
been correctly quantified by the defendant. Consequently, I find that the
plaintiff is liable for the additional costs to complete. I thus award the
defendant $838,078.26 as claimed.

The plaintiff is liable to pay the defendant for payments the plaintiff made
on its behalf

67 There are two issues to address under this head of claim: (a) the payments
made in respect of additional and miscellaneous costs incurred by the
defendant on behalf of the plaintiff ; and (b) whether the plaintiff is liable
to pay the defendant in respect of Mr Saifunasman bin Saidin’s (“Mr Saidin”)
salary. Mr Saidin is a subcontractor whose employment status is disputed and
whether he is hired by the plaintiff or defendant will have a bearing on which
party is liable to pay him his salary.

68 On the first issue, the evidence shows that due to the plaintiff’s
inability to pay its own subcontractors and hire sufficient workers to
complete the works, the defendant had to hire workers to complete various
aspects of the Project which fell within the Subcontract’s scope of works. Its
claim was sufficiently supported by receipts and invoices. I thus also allow
the defendant’s claim for $91,206.25.

69 On the second issue, Mr Saidin was engaged to assist in the completion of
the works but at present, his employment status is disputed. The defendant
submits that due to the plaintiff’s shortage of manpower, it tried to help by
introducing Mr Saidin to the plaintiff. Its story is that while Mr Saidin was
employed by the plaintiff, it was the defendant which paid Mr Saidin his
salary as the plaintiff was experiencing cash flow problems. The plaintiff on
the other hand denies that Mr Saidin was its subcontractor and insists that Mr
Saidin was employed by the defendant as a “nominee subcontractor.[note: 67]

70 In its submissions, the plaintiff bases its assertion on DW2’s concession
made under cross-examination.[note: 68] However, in my view, DW2’s testimony
did not support the plaintiff. It was clear that DW2 meant that the defendant
had merely introduced Mr Saidin to CAA. It was in that context that he said
that Mr Saidin was the defendant’s nominated subcontractor. DW2 had
_categorically_ maintained that Mr Saidin was employed by the plaintiff
although the defendant paid Mr Saidin’s wages. I set out the passage
below:[note: 69]

QMr Gan, Mr Saidin was nominated by [the defendant], correct?

AYes.

QAh.

AWe introduced him to [the plaintiff].

Q[The plaintiff] had no say in this appointment, correct?

AThey did. They were responsible for the sub-contractors and all we did was to
introduce someone to them, seeing that they had a shortage in manpower.

…

QWell, my instructions are that Mr Saidin is actually under the nomination and
charge of your company, [the defendant]. Do you agree or disagree?

AI disagree. Saidin knew that [the plaintiff] did not pay their workers and so
Saidin asked that we pay him and then deduct the money from [the plaintiff].
[The plaintiff] was agreeable to this arrangement.

71 Next, Mr Saidin’s contract was with CAA Technologies (M) Sdn Bhd, a
subsidiary of the plaintiff.[note: 70] From PW1’s perspective, the plaintiff
was forced by the defendant to employ Mr Saidin. I set out the relevant
passage of his cross-examination:[note: 71]

QDr Chi, my question was: You could have refused to accept this Mr Saidin.
Right?

AMy pressure is from [the defendant]. They said that now all the drawings were
ready, we can commence work. So we need more workers. “I have someone here to
introduce to you.” How can I refuse the main contractor’s help?

QDr Chi, I suggest to you that you were never forced by [the defendant] to
employ Mr Saidin. Do you agree?

AI disagree.

72 After considering the evidence, I am of the view that Mr Saidin was
employed by the plaintiff. I give three reasons for my finding. First, there
are material contradictions in the plaintiff’s case. The plaintiff made two
contradictory assertions. In its submissions, it alleged that Mr Saidin was a
nominee contractor employed by the defendant. Yet, under cross-examination,
PW1 stated that the plaintiff was forced to employ Mr Saidin. If the former is
true, then Mr Saidin was never under the plaintiff’s employment. If the latter
is true, then Mr Saidin was under the defendant’s employment. The two are
irreconcilable.

73 Second, I am of the view that PW1 could not have been so easily coerced. He
came across as a very strong-willed person. Third, there is no evidence to
show that the plaintiff was forced to employ Mr Saidin. Instead, the
circumstances show that the converse is more likely to be true. At that point
in time, the Project had already fallen significantly behind schedule and the
defendant was sourcing for a subcontractor _for the plaintiff_ so that the
production of the precast components could be hastened. I note further that it
is the defendant’s evidence that it might have to pay liquidated damages to
HDB in the event that the Project could not be finished on time.[note: 72]
This was one likely factor that provided the defendant the impetus to source
for the subcontractor and to pay his wages. Therefore the plaintiff is liable
to pay the defendant for Mr Saidin’s wages which amount to $23,709.30.

The plaintiff is not liable for liquidated damages

74 Third, the defendant claims that it is entitled to liquidated damages. I
shall elaborate more on this head of claim as it is the point on which the
parties made the most submissions. In short, I find that the defendant has not
made out its claim.

The parties’ submissions

(1) The defendant’s closing submissions

75 The defendant claims for liquidated damages of $885,090 from the
plaintiff.[note: 73] It derived the figure on the basis that liquidated
damages were chargeable at a rate of $5,430 daily, and the period of delay
amounted to 163 days.

76 The defendant submits that the plaintiff acknowledged that the Subcontract
was subordinate to the Main Contract. In its view, the two contracts were
meant to run in tandem unless otherwise stated.[note: 74] The Subcontract was
thus subject to the Public Sector Standard Conditions of Contract for
Construction Works 2008 (Building and Construction Authority, 6th Ed, 2008)
(“the Public Sector Conditions”) which states at cl 31.3 that:[note: 75]

If the employment of [the plaintiff] has been terminated for default pursuant
to Clause 31.1 and completion of the Works or any phase or part by [the
defendant] or by other contractors or persons appointed by [the defendant] to
complete the works, phase or part has been delayed beyond the Time for
Completion, the following provisions shall have effect:

[The defendant] shall be entitled to the same liquidated damages for delay as
those which would have been payable if [the plaintiff] had completed the Works
or phase or part on the actual completion date of [the defendant] or the other
contractors or persons appointed by [the defendant].

77 The defendant submits that it is entitled to claim for liquidated damages
if work was not done as per the Schedule.[note: 76] It thus takes the position
that the plaintiff is liable for liquidated damages for up to 163 days, the
period of delay.

(2) The plaintiff’s closing submissions

78 On the other hand, the plaintiff’s first submission is that the defendant
did not show that it had suffered losses to the extent of $885,090.[note: 77]
It had not shown that HDB had imposed liquidated damages on it. Instead the
plaintiff submits that the defendant is bound by cl 4.3 of the Public Sector
Conditions which states that:

4.3 **Contractor’s Responsibility for Subcontractors**

Save as otherwise expressly provided in the Contract, the Contractor shall
make good any damage, loss or injury suffered by the Employer by reason of any
breach of contract, repudiation, default or failure, whether total or partial,
on the part of any subcontractor or supplier whether nominated or privately
engaged by the Contractor, and shall indemnify the Employer against all and
any loss, expense, costs, damages, liability or claim arising therefrom.

Based on cl 4.3, the plaintiff submits that it is the defendant who should be
responsible for delays in delivery and defective components supplied by the
plaintiff as it was responsible for ensuring that the works were well-
coordinated between subcontractors.[note: 78]

79 Second, the plaintiff submits that _Robertson Quay Investments Pte Ltd v
Steen Consultants Pte Ltd_ [2008] 2 SLR(R) 623 at [28] held that a party could
not simply make a claim for damages without showing sufficient evidence of the
loss it had suffered even if it was otherwise entitled to recover damages in
principle.[note: 79] Since the defendant had not shown any evidence that it
had or would have suffered loss as a result of the alleged delays, it was not
entitled to liquidated damages.

80 Third, the plaintiff submits that in its Internal Meeting Minutes, there
was indication that SWP Engineering Pte Ltd (“SWP”), the erector, had also
contributed to the Project’s delay as it did not have sufficient manpower and
the quality of its work was poor. Therefore, the delay could not be attributed
to the plaintiff alone. Other subcontractors should share the blame.

81 Fourth, the plaintiff submits that no liquidated damages should be imposed
on the defendant as the contract was one where the time was “set at large”. In
_Dodd v Churton_ [1897] 1 QB 562, it was held that the subcontractor’s
obligation to complete the works within the time prescribed is premised on the
requirement that the contractor was not delayed by any “act of prevention”
committed by either the main contractor or the other subcontractors. Such an
act is one which prevents, impedes or makes it hard for a contractor to
complete the works by the stipulated date (_Yap Boon Keng Sonny v Pacific
Prince International Pte Ltd and another_ [2009] 1 SLR(R) 385 at [34]). The
plaintiff submits that by failing to return the shop drawings, the defendant
committed an “act of prevention” as defined in _Roberts v Bury Commissioners_
[1870] LR 5 CP 310. This meant that the stipulated date for completion under
the Subcontract would cease to be effective (_Chua Tian Chu and another v Chin
Bay Ching and another_ [2011] SGHC 126 at [60]) and the plaintiff would lose
its right to enforce the liquidated damages provision (_Trollope & Colls Ltd v
North West Metropolitan Regional Hospital Board_ [1973] 1 WLR 601 at [607]).

(3) The defendant’s reply submissions

82 In reply, the defendant submits that while HDB has not imposed liquidated
damages on it yet, there were indications that HDB was likely to do so.[note:
80] With respect to SWP, the defendant submits that the progress of the works
was fully dependent on the plaintiff’s delivery of the precast components.
While the plaintiff took 48 days to deliver the fifth storey vertical
components and sixth storey slab components, SWP only took 38 days to erect
the fifth storey components and cast the sixth storey slab components.[note:
81] Finally, the defendant submits that it did not prevent the plaintiff from
carrying out its work and time in the Subcontract could not be set at large.

My decision

83 I agree with the plaintiffs on this point. The issue of entitlement to
liquidated damages was considered in _Re Sanpete Builders (S) Pte Ltd_ [1989]
1 SLR(R) 5. In that case, Chao Hick Tin JC (as he then was) framed the issue
as such: whether a party can claim liquidated damages in a situation where the
building contract has been terminated, the date for completion has not
arrived, and there has been no certificate from the architect certifying that
the works ought reasonably to have been completed by the prescribed date (at
[20]). Chao JC held that a condition precedent for imposing liquidated damages
on a defaulting contractor is that the contractor must have had until the last
hour of the day fixed for completion to finish the works (at [21]). In this
case, the defendant terminated the Subcontract before the completion date.
Thus, its right to claim liquidated damages from the plaintiff did not arise.

84 In any case, the defendant’s quantification of the liquidated damages
appears to be very arbitrary. Typically in construction disputes, there are
provisions for a trigger date from which liquidated damages start to run (see
Chow Kok Fong, _Law and Practice of Construction Contracts_ vol 1 (Sweet &
Maxwell, 2012) at para 9.57), usually a date certified by the architect or
engineer. In this case, the clause providing for liquidated damages in the
Subcontract is cl 3, which reads:[note: 82]

**3.** **LIQUIDATED DAMAGES**

The Liquidated and Ascertained Damages to be imposed shall be as per main
contract inclusive of Sunday and Public Holidays, for each day that your
subcontract work remains incomplete.

85 Reading that clause alone, there is no mechanism stipulating how a
liquidated damages claim is to be quantified. In its submissions, the
defendant relies on the interaction of the Subcontract with the Main Contract
as the basis for its claim:[note: 83]

198) CAA acknowledges that the Sub-Contract is subordinate to the Main
Contract, and was intended to operate in tandem with the regime in the Main
Contract unless specified otherwise. In other words, unless the Sub-Contract
specifically provides otherwise, the Main Contract terms would equally apply
to CAA. In particular, CAA acknowledges that the Sub-Contract was subject to
the Public Sector Standard Conditions of Contract (2008) (“PSSCOC”).

199) Clause 31.3 of the PSSCOC on “ _Liquidated Damages after Termination_ ”
provides as follows:

“ _If the employment of [CAA] has been terminated for default pursuant to
Clause 31.1 and completion of the Works or any phase or part by [HP] or by
other contractors or persons appointed by [HP] to complete the Works, phase or
part has been delayed beyond the Time for Completion, the following provisions
shall have effect:_

_[HP] shall be entitled to the same liquidated damages for delay as those
which would have been payable if [CAA] had completed the Works or phase or
part on the actual completion date of [HP] or the other contractors or persons
appointed by the [HP]_ ”

200) In the contractual relationship between HP and CAA, Clause 31.1 regarding
termination for default would be replaced by Clause 11 of Annexure D of the
Sub-Contract set-out at paragraph 199 above.

201) If this Court finds that HP had rightfully terminated CAA”s contract for
default, HP submits that it is entitled to claim against the Plaintiff for
liquidated damages arising from CAA’s delay pursuant to Clause 3 of Appendix C
of the Sub-Contract, read with Clause 31.3 of the PSSCOC stated above.

202) Under Clause 3 of Appendix C of the Sub-Contract, CAA agreed that
liquidated damages shall be imposed as per the main contract for each day that
the subcontract work remained incomplete. Pursuant to Clause 1 of Appendix D
of the Sub-Contract, CAA was required to complete the required work before
each milestone date given in the Main Construction Programme.

[original emphasis in italics]

86 It appears that the plaintiff has acknowledged that the Public Sector
Conditions are also applicable to the Subcontract regarding the issue of
liquidated damages as it did not contest that issue. That being the case, I
find that the conditions for liquidated damages have not yet been fulfilled.
Clauses 31.3(b) and (c) of the Public Sector Conditions state that:[note: 84]

31.3 **Liquidated Damages After Termination**

…

(b) For the purpose of giving effect to the above, the Superintending Officer
shall, upon the completion of the Works or phase or part issue a certificate.
Such certificate shall state the date upon which the Contractor should have
completed the Works or phase or part and shall also state the full period of
delay for which the Contractor is responsible and shall compute the total
damages due to the Employer therefore. The certificate shall give credit for
events occurring after the termination of the Contractor’s employment which
would have entitled the Contractor to an extension of time had he duly
executed and completed the Works or phase or part and duly complied with
Clause 14. In assessing the period of delay, the Superintending Officer shall
also reduce the period of delay to the extent that there has been any failure
by the Employer or by any other contractors or persons engaged by the Employer
to use due diligence and expedition in arranging for or completing the
remaining parts of the Works or phase or part.

(c) Upon the issue of a certificate under Clause 31.3(b), the amount of
damages certified by such certificate shall be immediately recoverable by the
Employer from the Contractor

87 Clause 1.1 of the above document defines “Superintending Officer” and
“Employer” as follows:

“Employer” means the government or the statutory body specified in the
Appendix

“Superintending Officer” means the person, firm or corporation appointed as
such by the Employer for the purposes of the Contract.

88 The above provisions are germane and they make it clear that the
Superintending Officer has to issue a certificate that works out the exact
period of delay that is attributable to the plaintiff. He also has to take
into account the impact of any extension of time that the plaintiff might have
previously been given, delays caused by the defendant, or assistance from any
other contractors or persons engaged by the defendant.

89 In this case, the defendant did not produce any such certificate from the
Superintending Officer that quantified the liquidated damages reasonably and
fairly. In my view, the defendant’s computation of 163 days was very
arbitrarily done and is unfair to the plaintiff. To make its case even weaker,
the HDB has not even imposed any liquidated damages onto it. Therefore on a
balance of probabilities, I am not satisfied that the defendant has proven its
entitlement to liquidated damages against the plaintiff and I disallow this
head of the defendant’s counterclaim.

What is the quantum of work done by the plaintiff?

90 With regard to this head of claim, the plaintiff submits that the total
outstanding amount owed to it by the defendant is $436,133.33,[note: 85] while
the defendant submits that it owes the plaintiff nothing and in fact overpaid
it. On this issue, there are two primary areas of disagreement: (a) the
valuation of the precast components; and (b) whether the defendant is obliged
to pay for parts manufactured but undelivered.

The defendant’s valuation of the precast components is preferred

91 The plaintiff submits that the total amount owed by the defendant is
$436,133.33. This comprised precast components which had been manufactured and
delivered, as well as precast components which had been manufactured but were
not delivered. The value of the latter is $132,466.19. The plaintiff submits
that if the court finds that it is not entitled to be paid for the precast
components that had been manufactured but not delivered, it should at least be
paid $303,687.14.[note: 86]

92 The defendant disagrees with the plaintiff’s valuation of the precast
components which were manufactured and delivered. The defendant’s quantity
surveyor’s valuation of the aforementioned precast components is $21,351.55
less than the plaintiff’s engineers’ valuation of the same.[note: 87]

93 PW1 conceded under cross-examination that the plaintiff did not have a
quantity surveyor, a person trained to value the quantity of work done. Most
of its valuation was done by Mr Chen Linhui (“PW2”), its General Manager. I
set out the evidence as follows:[note: 88]

QIncidentally, Dr Chi, did [the plaintiff] have a in-house quantity surveyor?

AMr Chen, from our company, is the person in charge.

QApart from Mr Chen, was there another ---a quantity surveyor?

AThere are many engineers in oru company who also helped out. Similarly at our
factory, there will be production personnels (_sic_) responsible for sorting
out the production issues.

QDr Chi, my question was: Apart from Mr Chen and your other engineers, did
[the plaintiff] have a trained and qualified quantity surveyor?

AWe have productions in our company who will have the rates. And Chen---

…

A\---also quoted prices. We don’t have a so-called qualified quantity surveyor
but we do have licensed engineer.

QNow Dr Chi, would you agree with me that an engineer is not trained to do
measurements of quantities of building construction work and materials?

AI disagree.

…

QDr Chi, I will put it to you that these so-called measurements may not be
entirely accurate because Mr Chen---neither Mr Chen nor your other engineers
were trained as quantity surveyors.

AI do not agree with your comment. You as an architect should know how the
volume was calculated. Even primary school students would know.

94 In contrast, the defendant’s valuation was carried out by its own quantity
surveyor, Ms Yan Teng, and this is an undisputed fact.[note: 89] I am more
inclined to accept the defendant’s valuation over the plaintiff’s valuation
because the plaintiff’s valuation was not done by a person with the
appropriate expertise.[note: 90] Moreover, the plaintiff seemed to have
suggested that a licensed engineer could do the job of a quantity surveyor and
trivialised the work of the quantity surveyor. PW1 testified that in his
opinion, even _primary school students_ could perform the job of a quantity
surveyor. That clearly reveals a lack of sophistication and understanding in
its approach towards valuing the work done.

The defendant is obliged to pay for the precast components manufactured, but
undelivered

The parties’ submissions

95 With respect to the precast components that were manufactured but
undelivered, the plaintiff first submits that it is entitled to be paid as the
precast components would have been delivered had the Subcontract not been
terminated. At the time of termination, the entire casting process was
ongoing. The plaintiff’s last delivery was made on 8 April 2013, which was
also the date of termination. According to the plaintiff, after the
Subcontract was terminated, there was no way for it to deliver the precast
components which were either still being casted or being cured to the
defendant.[note: 91]

96 Second, the plaintiff submits that it is entitled to a _quantum meruit_
claim for the precast components that had been manufactured but were
undelivered. The plaintiff cited the case of _Foo Song Mee v Ho Kiau Seng_
[2011] SGCA 45. In that case, although there was no agreement on the
appellant’s commission rate, the Court of Appeal held that since the services
were not rendered on a goodwill basis, the appellant was to be paid a
reasonable sum for the services rendered.[note: 92] In this case, the
plaintiff submits that it had fabricated the component parts and performed its
end of the bargain. Therefore, it is entitled to be paid for the precast
components that had been manufactured but did not deliver by reason of the
termination of the contract by the defendant.[note: 93]

97 The defendant submits that it does not have to pay for the precast
components which had been manufactured but were not delivered. First, the
defendant submits that there is no provision in the Subcontract that mandates
it does so.[note: 94] Second, the defendant submits that there is no way of
verifying how many precast components were in the plaintiff’s casting yard on
the date of termination. The plaintiff’s claims are based solely on its bare
assertions, without any further verification. The casting records do not show
exactly how many precast components were cast but not delivered.[note: 95]

98 Third, the defendant submits that there are significant factual
inconsistencies between the testimonies of the plaintiff’s witnesses, and the
defendant’s witnesses. There were contradictions in the accounts of PW1 and
PW2. PW1 testified that 116 pieces of precast components had not been
delivered, while PW2 testified that 160 pieces of precast components that had
not been delivered.[note: 96] On the other hand, DW2 testified that when he
left the plaintiff’s casting yard in April 2013, there were less than ten
components left in the yard that had not been delivered. The defendant submits
that DW2’s evidence is more credible than that of the plaintiff’s
witnesses.[note: 97]

My decision

99 First, I am satisfied that the defendant has to pay the plaintiff on a
_quantum meruit_ basis for precast components which have yet to be delivered,
but have been manufactured. The evidence shows that payment was made for the
plaintiff’s work under two separate headings: first, for the manufacture of
the precast components, and second, for the delivery of those components. This
is true of the first six progress payments, where the abovementioned headings
were present under the itemised bill which was sent by the plaintiff to the
defendant. The bill specifically mentioned “PC Components Manufacture” and “PC
Components Delivery”. That being the case, I am of the view that the defendant
has an obligation to pay the plaintiff for precast components that have
already been manufactured but had not been delivered on the date of the
termination of the contract.

100 The second issue is whether the plaintiff has proven its claim that there
was $132,466.19 worth of precast components which had been manufactured but
were not delivered on the date of termination. What was the quantity of
precast components that were at the plaintiff’s yard at the time of the Letter
of Termination on 8 April 2013? The difficulty is that there were material
contradictions in the evidence offered by the plaintiff’s witnesses. PW1 said
that there were 116 precast components, while PW2 said the number was 160. The
difference of 44 components is substantial. On the other hand, DW2 said that
there were less than ten in April 2013. What is clear is that there were
precast components which were produced by the plaintiff and yet to be
delivered to the defendant on 8 April 2013. The quantum remains unknown.

101 I am unable to accept the plaintiff’s assertion that a very large quantity
of precast components was manufactured but left undelivered at its yard on the
date of termination. First, prior to the termination, the defendant had made
numerous complaints to the plaintiff that it was late in its production and
delivery of the precast components. The plaintiff did not refute those
allegations in its correspondence with the defendant. This indicates that the
plaintiff was not able to fabricate sufficient precast components to meet the
defendant’s demand. Logically, this means that there could not be a large
surplus of precast components at the plaintiff’s yard. Compared with the
plaintiff’s claim that it had produced over a hundred components that had yet
to be delivered, I find the defendant’s claim more probable.

102 Second, the plaintiff alleges that as the Subcontract had been terminated,
it could not deliver the precast components to the Project site. However, I
find it strange why it was impossible to do so. According to DW2, the
defendant wanted all of the precast components to be delivered to the Project
site before the termination took place. DW2 also received instructions from
the defendant to deliver all the components that belonged to the defendant to
the worksite.[note: 98] Thus the situation was not one where the plaintiff’s
delivery of the precast components would have been rejected by the defendant.
In fact, if it was the case that the defendant wished for all the precast
components to be manufactured to be delivered, it was the plaintiff’s
contractual obligation to do so.

103 For the above reasons, I am unable to accept the plaintiff’s submission
that a large quantity of precast components was manufactured but not
delivered. However, I am of the view that there must have been some spare
precast components at the plaintiff’s production site when the contract was
terminated. After all, even the defendant had admitted that there were spare
parts present at the plaintiff’s yard. From the evidence, I am unable to come
to a definitive factual finding on the precise quantity of precast components
that were manufactured by the plaintiff, but not delivered to the defendant,
on the date of termination. However, in the interest of being fair to the
plaintiff, I am prepared to award it some money.

104 This was a 22 storey project, _ie_ , 21 storeys plus a roof, and the total
value of the Subcontract was $3,377,661.87. Hence, each storey is worth about
$153,530.09 on average. However, the evidence shows that the plaintiff started
production and delivery sometime in August 2012[note: 99] and by March 2013
the plaintiff had supplied about six storeys of precast components. This would
be about two-thirds of a storey per month as opposed to the plaintiff’s claim
that it could produce two storeys of precast components per month.[note: 100]
The Letter of Termination was sent on 8 April 2013 and the plaintiff would
therefore have completed less than a quarter of a storey then. Hence, the
estimated amount of precast components as of 8 April 2013 should be about
$25,000 and I award this sum to the plaintiff on a _quantum meruit_ basis.

What is the extent and cost of the rectification works?

105 The parties disagree on liability and quantum in respect of the
rectification works. With respect to the issue of quantum, the parties jointly
made an application under O 40 r 1 of the Rules of Court (Cap 353, R 5, 2006
Rev Ed) for the Court to appoint an expert to determine the appropriate
quantum of rectification costs incurred by the defendants. Both parties agreed
to be bound by the expert’s findings.[note: 101] I will thus address the issue
of who should bear the cost for the rectification works first, before looking
at the expert’s findings on the quantum of liability.

The plaintiff is obliged to pay for the rectification works

106 The defendant submits that the precast components delivered by the
plaintiff were defective and could not be used until they were
rectified.[note: 102] To this end, the defendant sent numerous letters and
emails with photographs about the defects to the plaintiff. The plaintiff was
informed to rectify them in the correspondence. However, because the plaintiff
failed to take any action, the defendant had to carry out the rectification
works at its own expense.[note: 103]

107 The plaintiff’s case is that there were no defects in the precast
components. This is because there was a system of quality control procedures
which the plaintiff, the defendant and HDB had adopted. Any defects would have
been detected through this process. The quality control process was described
by the plaintiff as follows:

(a) Before concrete was cast into the mould, the Resident Technical Officer
(“RTO”) from HDB would have to check the mould and ensure that the dimension
and reinforcement of the cast-in items are correct. This was to ensure that
production is correct and accurate.

(b) After concrete had been cast into the mould, the defendant’s supervisor
and the RTO would check once more to ensure that the precast components had
successfully demoulded after the concreting process. In this regard, casting
inspection forms would be signed by the RTO to ensure that the processes were
followed for every precast component casted.

(c) If there were no defects, the precast components would then be sent to the
storage yard for delivery. If any defects were discovered, rectification works
would be carried out.

(d) After loading the precast components, and before their delivery, another
delivery order chit would be filled up and signed by the respective parties
conducting the inspection. Acknowledging the delivery order chit would
indicate that a particular load has been inspected by the RTO and the
defendant.

(e) After the precast components were delivered, the defendant would conduct a
last inspection on the precast components.

108 The plaintiff submits that if there were any defects, they would have been
rejected by the RTO during the inspection process and rectification works
would have been carried out immediately so that the components could be
delivered as soon as possible, free of defects. In any event, the particulars
of the defects allegedly caused by the plaintiff had not been pleaded and
there was no proof of how many components were defective.[note: 104]

109 I first deal with the plaintiff’s submission on inadequate pleadings. For
context, I set out the relevant passage in the defendant’s defence:

The precast components supplied by the Plaintiffs were defective as a result
of which the Defendants also had to incur costs to rectify the defective
precast components. …

110 While the pleadings are short and the relevant claim is only dealt with
through the abovementioned passage, the pleadings are adequate for the case at
hand. In _OMG Holdings Pte Ltd v Pos Ad Sdn Bhd_ [2012] 4 SLR 231 at [18], the
Court of Appeal held that pleadings were meant to “narrow the parties to
definite issues”, and defective pleadings can be overcome as long as the other
party is not taken by surprise, or is not irreparably prejudiced. I find that
the abovementioned passage from the pleadings adequately narrowed the parties
to the issues at hand. Hence, the pleadings were not defective. Furthermore,
even if the pleadings were indeed defective, that was not fatal to the
defendant’s case, as the evidence led in this case could overcome the defects
in the pleadings, as long as the other party was not taken by surprise or
prejudiced in any way. In this case, all parties were aware that the defendant
was disputing the quality of the precast components delivered. During the
trial, PW1 and PW2 were extensively cross-examined with respect to whether the
precast components supplied were defective. They did not look surprised at
all, and no objection was raised by the plaintiff. Thus, the plaintiff cannot
be said to have been taken by surprise or to have been prejudiced by the
further evidence of defects given by the defendant.

111 On the evidence before me, I find that the plaintiff’s components were
indeed defective, and that the plaintiff should be responsible for the
defective components. The strength of the plaintiff’s case is based on the
quality control process that was put in place to ensure that the precast
components supplied would not be defective. However, there was evidence to
suggest that the process was not fool proof. Under cross-examination, PW1
admitted that a component known as the “HHS” was rejected,[note: 105] meaning
that there was a major defect in the precast components. PW1 also agreed that
there were defects in other components which he described as “minor”.[note:
106] However, in my view, the photographic evidence shows that the defects
which PW1 described as minor were _not_ minor. There was evidence to suggest
that honeycombing and concrete stains were present on the parts. Additionally,
there were incorrectly threaded bars present. There were also numerous other
defects that were present according to the photographic evidence presented
before me, such as incorrect beam links,[note: 107] incorrect placing of
lifting wires,[note: 108] and sagging window frames.[note: 109]

112 In the circumstances, I find that the quality control process in place was
not as stringent as the plaintiff described. I further find that there were
defects in the precast components that were delivered to the site.

The plaintiff has to pay $125,455 for the rectification works

113 Mr Lam Chye Shing (“CW1”), a partner with Rider Levett Bucknall LLP, was
appointed as the quantity surveyor at the mutual consent of the parties. His
findings were presented to the court. CW1 made the following observations
about the defendant’s claims:[note: 110]

a) _Defects_

The photos generally show the state of the precast components before
installation. It is difficult to visualise the claimed defects with the
photos.

b) _Number of Workers / Number of Hours_

The photos lack pictorial evidence of the number of workers involved in [the
defendant’s] claims. Most photos show 1 or 2 workers. Very few photos show 3
or 4 workers which many of [the defendant’s] claims are based on. There are no
other documents to support both the number of workers and number of hours. To
the best of my ability, I have gauged the necessary manhours required assuming
most precast panels do not exceed 4 m2 per panel.

c) _Number of Precast Components with Defects_

The numbers were only given on 20 November 2014. The photos and description of
[the defendant’s] claims do not provide or support these numbers. Given the
time constraint and the differing views on the numbers by [the defendant] and
[the plaintiff] in subsequent emails of 21 November 2014 and 23 November 2014
as described in paragraph 8 above, I am unable to truly ascertain the exact
numbers.

I have used [the defendant’s] numbers not as concurrence but as a basis of
computation to derive a total costing which I believe is a fair and reasonable
assessment should [the defendant’s] numbers as well as defects are found to be
correct and accepted by [the plaintiff].

d) _Materials / plant_

These items are stated in [the defendant’s] claims. Apart from the photos
which hardly show these items, there are no other documents to support [the
defendant’s] claims.

e) _Unit Rates_

Based on market norms, the unit rates of manpower, plant and materials are
generally fair and reasonable. [The plaintiff] appears to concur with most of
[the defendant’s] unit rates.

114 Based on those observations, CW1 made the following findings as to the
cost of the rectification, and they are set out in the table below:

Period |  Amount  
---|---  
September 2012 |  $9,788.00  
October 2012 |  $4,206.80  
November 2012 |  $3,169.20  
December 2012 |  $3,190.00  
January 2013 |  $5,167.00  
February 2013 |  $0.00  
March 2013 |  $1,925.00  
April 2013 |  $75,684.00  
May 2013 |  $0.00  
June 2013 |  $10,920.00  
Post June 2013 |  $1,925.00  
Total rectification cost (inclusive of administrative charge of 10%) |  $125,455.00  
  
  

115 Given that the parties have agreed to be bound by the findings of CW1, I
hold that the rectification costs are to be quantified at $125,455, and the
plaintiff is liable to pay that to the defendant.

Was the defendant legally entitled to call on the Guarantee Agreement?

116 I now turn to address the final issue in this case. After the termination
of the Subcontract, the defendant sent a letter to ABN Amro Bank N V (“the
Amro Bank”) to demand immediate payment of $337,766.19.[note: 111] The
pertinent clauses in the Guarantee Agreement are as follows:[note: 112]

… WHEREAS the Guarantor [ABN Amro Bank N V] has agreed to guarantee the due
performance of the Sub-contract in the manner hereinafter stated:

NOW THE GUARANTOR HEREBY AGREES with the Contractor [the defendant] as
follows:

1\. In consideration of the [defendant] not insisting on the [plaintiff’s]
paying ten per cent (10%) of the total value of the Sub-Contract (including
Prime Cost and Provisional Sums) _as a security deposit for the said Sub-
Contract, the Guarantor hereby guarantees [the defendant] the sum of Singapore
Dollars Three Hundred Thirty Seven Thousand Seven Hundred and Sixty Six and
Cents Nineteen Only (SGD337,766.19) … being the total value of the Security
Deposit required under the Sub-Contract_.

2\. The Guarantor unconditionally and irrevocably undertakes and covenants to
pay in full forthwith upon demand in writing any sum or sums that may from
time to time be demand by the [defendant] up to the aforementioned sum
_without requiring any proof that [the defendant] is entitled to such sums or
sums under the Sub-Contract_ or that [the plaintiff] has failed to execute the
Sub-Contract or is otherwise in breach of the Sub-Contract …

3\. Partial or multiple payments under this Guarantee are permitted, at the
rate of 10% of each progressive payment as determined by the [defendant] from
time to time up to a maximum of the Guaranteed Amount or any unpaid balance of
the Guaranteed Amount, whichever is lower, provided the liability of the
Guarantor shall be reduced with each payment …

[emphasis added]

117 The words of the Guarantee Agreement are clear. The defendant is entitled
to call on the Guarantee Agreement in writing at any time, and may be paid the
sum of money without the bank requiring proof of its entitlement to such sums.
However, the parties have also agreed that the defendant had to account for
this sum to the plaintiff. That being the case, I trust that the defendant
will do so.

General observations

118 PW1 was cross-examined for several days in the witness box. He was a
persistent witness who insisted on his version of the events, even when the
contemporaneous documentary evidence indicated otherwise. For instance, he
disagreed that the slow progress was due to the plaintiff’s slow precasting
work even though the evidence was against him; he also disagreed that
Qingjian’s price was reasonable despite the defendant’s evidence that a tender
was carried out and Qingjian’s price was the lowest. Overall, I found PW1 to
be an untruthful witness. Nevertheless, I did not jettison his evidence, but
treated it with extra caution.

119 It is undeniable that the defendant was very serious about the Schedule.
Perhaps, its attitude was due to the severe liquidated damages of $5,430 per
day which it would have to pay HDB for each day the Project was delayed.
Whatever the case, it was the more proactive party. On many occasions, the
defendant even solved problems for the plaintiff so that the work would
progress expeditiously. The plaintiff, on the other hand, appeared to have
faced many problems in keeping with the Schedule. Each time the defendant
informed the plaintiff about the issues it had with the plaintiff’s
contractual performance (such as delays, and defective products), the
plaintiff was defensive and not contrite. It would blame others, or refuse to
respond. Thus the exasperated and helpless defendant terminated the
Subcontract at the suggestion of the Consultants.

Conclusion

120 In conclusion, my finding on the facts are as follows:

(a) The plaintiff was in breach of its Subcontract obligations and owes the
defendant the following sums:

Payment to Qingjian[note: 113] |  $838,078.26  
---|---  
Payments made on behalf of the plaintiff[note: 114] |  $91,206.25  
Payment to Mr Saidin[note: 115] |  $23,709.30  
Total |  $952,993.81  
  
  

(b) The defendant is not entitled to liquidated damages.

(c) The defendant had validly terminated the Subcontract, and the plaintiff’s
claim for wrongful termination fails.

(d) The plaintiff is entitled on a _quantum meruit_ basis to payment for
precast components manufactured but undelivered. The sum due to it is $25,000.

(e) The plaintiff is liable for the rectification works amounting to $125,455.

(f) The defendant was legally entitled to call on the Guarantee Agreement.

121 As neither party has fully succeeded in their respective cases, I will
hear the parties on costs.

* * *

[note: 1]SDB at p 30.

[note: 2]SDB at p 30.

[note: 3]SDB at p 29.

[note: 4]SDB at p 47.

[note: 5]SDB at pp 30 & 47.

[note: 6]PBAEIC vol 1, Tab 1 at para 23.

[note: 7]PBAEIC vol 1, Tab 1 at para 24.

[note: 8]PBAEIC vol 1, Tab 1 at para 25.

[note: 9]PBAEIC vol 1, Tab 1 at para 73.

[note: 10]PBAEIC vol 1, Tab 1 at para 26.

[note: 11]Df’s closing submissions at para 114.

[note: 12]Df’s closing submissions at paras 112–113.

[note: 13]Df’s closing submissions at paras 128.

[note: 14]Df’s closing submissions at para 133.

[note: 15]Gan Wan Young’s AEIC at paras 5–7.

[note: 16]Pf’s written submissions at para 115.

[note: 17]Pf’s written submissions at para 133.

[note: 18]Pf’s written submissions at para 131.

[note: 19]AB (“Agreed Bundle”) vol 1 at p 25.

[note: 20]PBAEIC1 at p 178.

[note: 21]AB vol 1 at p 86.

[note: 22]AB vol 1 at p 88.

[note: 23]AB vol 1 at pp 111 & 113.

[note: 24]AB vol 1 at p 207.

[note: 25]Pf’s written submissions at para 126; PBAEIC vol 1 at pp 127A–127J.

[note: 26]NE Day 3 at p 71, lines 7–16.

[note: 27]AB vol 1 at pp 313–314.

[note: 28]AB vol 1 at pp 176–177.

[note: 29]AB vol 1 at p 180.

[note: 30]AB vol 2 at p 802.

[note: 31]AB vol 2 at pp 869, 871 & 883.

[note: 32]AB vol 2 at p 783.

[note: 33]AB vol 2 at p 818.

[note: 34]NE Day 3 at p 74, line 19; df’s closing submissions at para 134.

[note: 35]AB vol 1 at p 214.

[note: 36]AB vol 1 at p 250.

[note: 37]AB vol 1 at p 247.

[note: 38]NE Day 3 at p 74, line 25.

[note: 39]AB vol 1 at p 300.

[note: 40]AB vol 1 at p 310.

[note: 41]AB vol 1 at p 304.

[note: 42]AB vol 3 at p 832.

[note: 43]NE Day 6 at p 18, lines 1–3.

[note: 44]Df’s closing submissions at para 119.

[note: 45]

[note: 46]AB vol 3 at p 892.

[note: 47]PBAEIC vol 4, Tab 5 at para 22.

[note: 48]AB vol 3 at p 838.

[note: 49]SDB at p 34.

[note: 50]SDB at p 35.

[note: 51]AB vol 1 at p 21.

[note: 52]Df’s closing submissions at para 36.

[note: 53]Pf’s written submissions at para 82.

[note: 54]Pf’s written submissions at para 99.

[note: 55]Pf’s written submissions at para 108.

[note: 56]See for eg NE Day 9 at p 30, lines 26–29.

[note: 57]AB vol 1 at pp 25–26.

[note: 58]Pf’s written submissions at paras 90–95.

[note: 59]Pf’s written submissions at paras 95–96.

[note: 60]NE Day 12 at pp 33–35.

[note: 61]Pf’s written submissions at para 89.

[note: 62]Df’s reply closing submissions at para 22.

[note: 63]Pf’s written submissions at para 70.

[note: 64]Pf’s written submissions at paras 73–75.

[note: 65]Df’s closing submissions at paras 194–195.

[note: 66]Df’s reply closing submissions at para 50.

[note: 67]Df’s closing submissions at para 196.

[note: 68]Pf’s written submissions at para 198.

[note: 69]NE Day 12 at p 25, lines 12–29.

[note: 70]AB vol 2 at p 754.

[note: 71]NE Day 2 at pp 32–33, lines 30–2.

[note: 72]AB vol 1 at p 309.

[note: 73]Df’s closing submissions at para 221.

[note: 74]Df’s closing submissions at para 198.

[note: 75]AB vol 7 at pp 2863–2864.

[note: 76]Df’s closing submissions at para 202.

[note: 77]Pf’s written submissions at para 137.

[note: 78]Pf’s written submissions at para 144.

[note: 79]Pf’s written submissions at para 149.

[note: 80]Df’s reply closing submissions at paras 43–44.

[note: 81]Df’s reply closing submissions at para 44.

[note: 82]BAEIC vol 1 at p 56.

[note: 83]Df’s closing submissions at paras 198–202.

[note: 84]AB vol 1 at pp 149–150.

[note: 85]Pf’s written submissions at para 37.

[note: 86]Pf’s written submissions at para 64.

[note: 87]Pf’s written submissions at para 47.

[note: 88]NE Day 11 at pp 4–6, lines 18–4.

[note: 89]AB vol 2 at p 802.

[note: 90]

[note: 91]Pf’s written submissions at para 55.

[note: 92]Pf’s written submissions at para 59.

[note: 93]Pf’s written submissions at para 65.

[note: 94]Df’s closing submissions at para 152.

[note: 95]Df’s closing submissions at para 156.

[note: 96]Df’s closing submissions at para 153.

[note: 97]Df’s closing submissions at para 154.

[note: 98]NE Day 12 at p 30, lines 14–15.

[note: 99]BAEIC at p 766.

[note: 100]NE Day 11 p 15 lines 23-32, p 16 lines 1-4

[note: 101]NE Day 13 at p 1, lines 26–31.

[note: 102]Df’s closing submissions at para 158.

[note: 103]Df’s closing submissions at para 164.

[note: 104]Pf’s written submissions at para 182.

[note: 105]AB vol 2 at p 539.

[note: 106]AB vol 2 at p 542.

[note: 107]AB vol 2 at p 729.

[note: 108]AB vol 2 at p 628.

[note: 109]AB vol 2 at p 641.

[note: 110]QS Assessment on Rectification Costs at p 2.

[note: 111]SDB at p 20.

[note: 112]AB vol 1 at pp 183–184.

[note: 113]Df’s closing submissions at para 215.

[note: 114]Df’s closing submissions at para 220.

[note: 115]Df’s closing submissions at para 221.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 28 Jan 2015 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

