Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Gimpex Ltd _v_ Unity Holdings Business Ltd and others and another appeal  
[2015] SGCA 8

Case Number| :| Civil Appeal Nos 160 of 2013 and 161 of 2013  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 09 February 2015  
Tribunal/Court| :| Court of Appeal  
Coram| :|  Sundaresh Menon CJ; Chao Hick Tin JA; Quentin Loh J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Philip Tay and Yip Li Ming (Rajah & Tann LLP) for the
appellant in Civil Appeal No 160 of 2013 and the respondent in Civil Appeal No
161 of 2013; Bazul Ashhab and Mabel Tan (Oon & Bazul LLP) for the respondents
in Civil Appeal No 160 of 2013 and the appellants in Civil Appeal No 161 of
2013.  
Parties| :|  Gimpex Ltd — Unity Holdings Business Ltd and others  
  
9 February 2015| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Chao Hick Tin JA (delivering the judgment of the court):

Introduction

1 These two appeals before us arose from the decision of _Gimpex Limited v
Unity Holding Business Limited and others_ [2013] SGHC 224 (“the Judgment”) in
Suit No 390 of 2010 (“the Suit”). The Suit concerned a dispute surrounding a
contract for the sale of 41,510MT of coal by Unity Holdings Business Limited
(“Unity”) to Gimpex Limited (“Gimpex”). The coal was to be shipped from
Kalimantan, Indonesia, and delivered to Karachi, Pakistan. When the coal was
discharged at Karachi, Gimpex had the coal tested by surveyors and discovered
that it did not meet the contractual specifications. Also, a request by Gimpex
for a joint survey was turned down by Unity. As a result, Gimpex brought a
number of claims against Unity and two other parties, including for breach of
contract and unlawful means conspiracy based on fraud. The action thus
concerned the quality of the coal which was delivered at Karachi and it also
raised difficult issues concerning, _inter alia_ , admissibility of
documentary hearsay evidence.

The facts

The parties to the dispute

2 The plaintiff in the Suit was Gimpex, a Chennai-based trading company which
has been trading in commodities and raw materials since the 1950s. The
representatives of Gimpex that were of particular importance to the present
proceedings, were one Samir Goenka (“Samir”) who was the joint managing
director, and one Avinash Kulkarni (“Kulkarni”) who was the executive director
of a Singapore-incorporated subsidiary of Gimpex, SPG Mining Pte Ltd.

3 The first defendant, Unity, is a company incorporated in the British Virgin
Islands (“BVI”). Unity is owned by a number of shareholders, _ie_ , Sainik
Mining (International) Ltd (“SMIL”), Classic Ventures Assets Incorporated
(“Classic”) and the second defendant to the Suit, Param Energy Pte Ltd (“Param
Energy”). SMIL owns 51% of the shares in Unity, and is in turn wholly owned by
Sainik Mining and Allied Services Limited (“SMASL”). Classic owns 24% of the
shares in Unity. Param Energy, a Singapore-incorporated company, owned the
remaining 25% shares.

4 The third defendant, Vinay Parmanad Hariani (“Vinay”), is the sole
shareholder and director of Param Energy, and is also one of five directors of
Unity. Vinay’s evidence was that he was not very involved in dealings with
Gimpex, and that he left it to three of his employees, namely, Lalit
Balchandani (“Lalit”), Kishore Chuharmal Mahtani (‘Kishore”) and Prem Sangtani
(“Prem”). All these three employees were directly involved in carrying out the
sale of the coal, and testified in the present proceedings. Another director
of Unity, Dev Sindhu (“Dev”), also gave evidence on behalf of the defendants.

Background to the dispute

The Contract

5 In 2009, Samir and Kulkarni were interested in the coal business and were
introduced to Vinay through a contact. Some discussions ensued, and this led
to Gimpex deciding to purchase coal from the defendants. On 18 February 2010,
Lalit sent a draft contract to Gimpex. In that draft, Param Energy was stated
as the seller of the coal. Payment for the coal was to be made by a
transferable letter of credit (“L/C”) in order for Param Energy to use the L/C
to pay its supplier.[note: 1]

6 As Gimpex was not agreeable to providing a transferable L/C, Lalit then
asked that Unity be substituted as the contracting party in place of Param
Energy if no transferrable L/C was to be provided. The reason for this change,
as explained by Lalit, was because Param Energy did not have the required
banking facilities needed to pay the supplier of the coal, whereas Unity had
the required banking facilities and could pay the supplier directly instead of
through a transferable L/C. These banking facilities, on clarification by
Vinay during cross-examination, were actually funds provided by the
shareholders of Unity. Gimpex alleged that it agreed to the change of
contracting party on Samir’s understanding that Unity was a Singapore-
incorporated company when, in fact, it is a BVI-incorporated company. Samir’s
evidence was that he was wary of contracting with Indonesian coal companies,
and only wanted to do business with a Singapore-incorporated company as he had
a “good impression of the Singapore legal system”.[note: 2] He alleged that he
had told Vinay that it gave him great comfort that Vinay was in Singapore and
owned a Singapore company. [note: 3] He also alleged that he had sought
confirmation from Lalit (who replied in the affirmative) that Unity was a
Singapore company when the change in contracting party was proposed. [note: 4]

7 A contract for the sale of the coal was eventually entered into between
Gimpex and Unity on 2 March 2010 (“the Contract”). The context within which
the Contract was entered into by the parties is particularly important in
understanding the dispute. For Gimpex, it did not purchase the coal for its
own use. Instead, it was to on-sell the coal at a marked-up price to Awan
Trading Co Pvt Ltd (“Awan”), a Pakistan-incorporated company, under a contract
which it had earlier concluded with Awan (“the Sub-contract”). As Gimpex had
agreed with Awan that the coal to be supplied would be of a certain quality,
it was therefore important that the coal to be delivered by Unity was of the
requisite quality which was stated in the Contract. The profit which Gimpex
would make from this arrangement was approximately US$80,000. At the time of
the Contract, Lalit’s evidence was that he knew that the Plaintiff was in need
of the coal in order to fulfil a sub-sale. However, Lalit neither knew the
identity of the sub-buyer nor the terms of the Sub-contract.[note: 5]

8 From the defendants’ perspective, Unity was also a middleman of sorts, in
that it purchased the coal from another company, PT Planet Resources (“PT
Planet”) which was an Indonesia-incorporated company, at a price slightly
lower than the sale price stated in the Contract. PT Planet was owned by Unity
and Classic, and Vinay was also a director of PT Planet. But PT Planet,
however, was not the ultimate supplier of the coal; instead, it purchased the
coal from CV Berkah Mulya Abadi (“Berkah”), another Indonesia-incorporated
company, at an even lower price. Unity stood to make a profit of 1.83% from
this arrangement. Lalit explained that the defendants were willing to enter
into the Contract for such a small profit margin in order to cultivate a long-
term commercial relationship with Gimpex. This was corroborated in a way by
Samir’s evidence that Vinay had intimated to him that the defendants wanted to
do business with Gimpex in relation to marble and granite.[note: 6]

9 We now come to the salient terms of the Contract. The coal was to be shipped
Free On Board from Kalimantan to Karachi with the loading to be done between
25 March 2010 to 3 April 2010. The price of the coal was US$68 per MT on the
basis of it being of a certain quality, _viz_ , having a Gross Calorific Value
on an Air-Dried Basis (“GCV”) of not less than 6,300Kcal/kg and a total
moisture (“TM”) of 16%. The price was subject to adjustments based on the
quality of the coal. The Contract further provided for Gimpex to reject the
coal if it did not meet the minimum quality of 6,100Kcal/kg or 18% TM. Payment
for the coal was to be made through “an Irrevocable Single restrictive Letter
of Credit payable at 100% Sight”. A US$50,000 performance bond was also
provided for by SMASL on behalf of Unity to Gimpex.

10 Central to the Contract were the terms as to how the quality of the coal
was to be ascertained, and this was provided for in these various
provisions:[note: 7]

4.1 The quality of coal to be supplied hereunder shall be with the following
typical specifications determined and analysed as per ASTM standard by
Sucofindo, Indonesia. ...

…

4.3 The consignment should be accompanied by Certificate of Sampling and
Analysis as per ASTM standard issued by Sucofindo Indonesia.

4.4 All reported findings on all inspections/surveys conducted at Origin in
relation to quality, quantity and weights etc done at origin and/or port and
place of loading shall be FINAL and binding to both Buyer and Seller.

4.5 At least ten (10) days prior to the 1st day of load port laycan, Buyer has
the option to appoint an independent inspection agency of their choice. All
costs for this would be borne by the Buyer.

4.6 One set of raw samples drawn by the surveyors on board the vessel would be
duly sealed and signed by the surveyors.

…

5.1 Seller shall appoint Sucofindo, Indonesia to determine the weight of cargo
loaded onto the mother vessel at loading point and issue a Certificate of
Weight, which shall be final and binding on both parties.

The loading of the coal at Kalimantan

11 The coal was to be shipped from Kalimantan to Karachi by the MV Michalakis
(“the Vessel”), a ship nominated by Gimpex pursuant to the Contract. During
the loading of the coal from the port in Kalimantan to the Vessel, PT
Sucofindo (“Sucofindo”) (as provided for in the Contract) was to conduct a
number of tests and produce survey reports which would include the quality and
quantity of the coal shipped.

12 The process of loading the coal on board the Vessel and the sampling of the
coal by Sucofindo during the loading process was particularly crucial to the
dispute. The entire process of having the coal loaded on board the Vessel
could be broken up into three stages: (1) delivering to and stockpiling of the
coal at the jetty from source; (2) loading of the coal from the jetty to
barges; and (3) loading of the coal from the barges onto the Vessel. Sucofindo
conducted a variety of sampling and testing of the coal at each of these three
stages. The entire process of loading the coal did not take place at one
location but two: 32,000MT out of the 41,510MT of coal was loaded from a place
known as Sungai Putting, and the remaining 9,510MT of coal was loaded from
Batulicin, a place quite a distance from Sungai Putting. The reason for this,
as alleged by Lalit, was that there were difficulties in obtaining a jetty
slot for the last barge to be loaded at Sungai Putting, and also because there
was insufficient amount of coal at Sungai Putting. Lalit’s evidence was that
he decided to obtain the shortfall from Batulicin even though this would mean
incurring more cost on his end.

13 During the first stage of the loading process, Sucofindo conducted an
analysis of the coal stockpiled at Sungai Putting. The sampling took place on
or about 3 April 2010, and Sucofindo produced a Report of Sampling and
Analysis (Certificate No 02641/GAEDAD) dated 7 April 2010 (“the Pre-shipment
Analysis Report”). The Pre-shipment Analysis Report reflected that only
32,000MT of coal was surveyed, since Sucofindo only conducted sampling at
Sungai Putting and not at Batulicin. This was because Sucofindo could not
provide any surveying services at Batulicin.

14 For the second stage of the loading process, this was done from 4 to 13
April 2010 using a total of five barges. One barge loaded the coal at
Batulicin from 4 to 7 April 2010 and the remaining four barges did so at
Sungai Putting from 8 to 13 April 2010.

15 The second stage of the loading process is significant because that was
when the sampling of the coal for the purposes of ascertaining the various
parameters for quality of the coal (apart from the TM) was supposed to take
place. This included the GCV, which is material to the dispute. The coal was
loaded from the stockpiles onto a conveyor belt leading onto the barges and
the sampling was taken by Sucofindo when the coal was on the conveyor belt.
The samples taken by Sucofindo were sent for analysis and a number of reports
reflecting the quality and quantity of the coal loaded onto each of the barges
(“the Barge Reports”) were prepared.

16 For the third stage of the loading process, this was done from 11 to 21
April 2010. At this stage of the loading, samples were taken primarily for the
purpose of ascertaining the TM. The reason for this was because the TM was
especially susceptible to external elements such as rainfall when the barge
was travelling from the jetty to the Vessel. Apparently, the journey from the
jetty to the Vessel took about 24 hours. Therefore, it was more accurate to
test for TM using samples actually loaded onto the Vessel.

17 For the barge that was loaded at Batulicin, the coal was sampled only once
when it was loaded from the barge onto the Vessel. As mentioned earlier, this
was because Sucofindo could not do any sampling when the coal was at
Batulicin. A barge report was produced from the samples taken, and was used to
analyse all the parameters of the coal, including _both_ the GCV and the TM.

18 During the third stage of the loading process, Gimpex and Awan sought to
exercise what they claimed was their right to have an independent survey
agency to inspect and collect samples of the coal as it was being loaded from
the barges onto the Vessel. This was based on Arts 4.5 and 4.6 of the Contract
(which we will set out again):

4.5 At least ten (10) days prior to the 1st day of load port laycan, Buyer has
the option to appoint an independent inspection agency of their choice. All
costs for this would be borne by the Buyer.

4.6 One set of raw samples drawn by the surveyors on board the vessel would be
duly sealed and signed by the surveyors.

19 Kulkarni’s evidence was that Gimpex encountered great difficulty in doing
so. In an email dated 11 April 2010, Awan wrote to Kulkarni informing him that
the surveyors appointed by Awan, PT Surveyor Carbon Consulting Indonesia
(“SCCI”), had been prevented from sampling or even witnessing the sampling of
the coal. Kulkarni then brought this issue to the attention of Lalit and Prem.
On 13 April 2010, Prem informed Lalit, who relayed the message to Gimpex, that
Unity would prepare samples and deliver them to SCCI and that was the “maximum
[they] can do”. Unity’s first explanation for stopping SCCI from doing any
sampling was that they had caught SCCI taking coal samples of low grade which
were not representative of the entire cargo that was being shipped. Later, the
defendants changed their explanation, saying instead that Prem had stopped
SCCI from collecting samples because he thought that it was not allowed under
the Contract. When Kulkarni protested, Lalit replied stating that it was never
agreed between the parties that SCCI would be allowed to witness sampling of
the coal. Eventually, after a further exchange of emails, Lalit agreed to
allow SCCI to witness the _loading_ of the coal onto the Vessel. However, SCCI
did not witness _sampling_ of the coal, nor _conduct sampling_ of the coal
itself.

The issuing of the Sucofindo Report

20 After the Vessel departed for Karachi, Sucofindo produced a number of
reports which were given to Berkah who in turn passed them on to Prem. Amongst
these reports was the Certificate of Sampling and Analysis dated 26 April 2010
(“the Sucofindo Report”).

21 The Sucofindo Report indicated that there was a minor deficiency in the
quality of the coal which led to a price reduction from US$66 per MT to
US$65.6438 per MT, but nevertheless certified the coal as compliant with the
contractual specifications. Material to the dispute was the Sucofindo Report’s
analysis of the GCV and TM of the coal which were stated to be 6,266Kcal/Kg
and 18% respectively.

After the coal was discharged at Karachi

22 The coal arrived at Karachi on or about 8 May 2010, and was discharged and
stockpiled in a coal yard which was under Awan’s control. Awan arranged for
the coal to be sampled by Intertek Pakistan Pvt Ltd (“Intertek”), who issued
an Inspection Certification of Quality and Quantity dated 24 May 2010 (“the
Intertek Report”). The sampling of the coal was done by Intertek as the coal
was being discharged from the Vessel. Gimpex also appointed its own surveyors,
Inspectorate Griffith India Pvt Ltd (“Inspectorate”), who issued a Certificate
of Sampling and Analysis dated 30 June 2010 (“the Inspectorate Report”).
Inspectorate sampled the coal by extracting some coal from the stockpiles at
the Karachi coal yard.

23 The Intertek Report stated that the GCV was 5,638.86Kcal/Kg and the TM of
the coal was 26.44%, while the Inspectorate Report stated that the GCV was
5,255Kcal/Kg and the TM was 24.35%. These figures indicated that the coal was
outside the contractual specifications, and could be rejected by Gimpex.
Kulkarni alleged that upon discovering that the coal delivered was not of the
requisite quality, he tried desperately to contact Lalit and Prem, but to no
avail. Awan in turn rejected the coal because it was not of the quality
required for its use, and the coal remained at the coal yard.

The negotiation of the L/C

24 On or about 10 May 2010, Unity presented the requisite documents under the
L/C for negotiation. The L/C was issued by ING Vysya Bank, Chennai (“ING”) and
negotiated by Bank of India, Singapore (“BOI”). On or about 11 May 2010, BOI
paid Unity under the L/C and submitted the documents to ING for payment.
Gimpex responded by applying for an interim injunction on 31 May 2010 to
restrain Unity from receiving payment under the L/C. A similar injunction was
obtained by Gimpex in India on 25 May 2010 to prevent ING, the issuing bank of
the L/C, from paying out under the L/C. The interim injunctions were
eventually discharged by consent after Unity provided an undertaking not to
pursue payment from ING.

25 Gimpex then called on the US$50,000 performance bond amounting to 2% of the
contract value that had been provided by SMASL under Art 7.7 of the Contract.

Resale of the coal

26 In the meanwhile, Unity sought to resell the coal. The parties also began
communicating with each other through their respective solicitors via emails.
On 17 June 2010, the solicitor’s for Gimpex, Rajah & Tann LLP (“R&T”), wrote
to the solicitor’s for the defendants, Oon & Bazul LLP (“O&B”) informing O&B
that as the coal was below the contractual specifications, the ultimate buyer,
Awan, had rejected the coal.

27 In its reply of 18 June 2010 by way of an email, O&B informed R&T that
their client was of the view that Gimpex had unlawfully rejected the coal, and
that Unity would be taking steps to resell it to mitigate its losses. In fact,
in the meantime, on 15 June 2010, Unity had entered into a contract with Rafeh
Enterprises (Pvt) Ltd (“Rafeh”) to sell the coal to the latter on an “as is
where is” basis at a price ranging from US$48 to US$68, with the actual price
to be determined after a survey of the quality of the coal had been carried
out.

28 Unity sent Kishore to Karachi to facilitate the sale of the coal to Rafeh.
Kishore arrived at Pakistan on 20 June 2010. The next day, Kishore engaged SGS
Pakistan (Pvt) Ltd (“SGS”) to conduct a survey of the coal. On 22 June 2010,
Kishore and SGS entered the coal yard, where SGS proceeded to take samples of
the coal. However, SGS was stopped by Awan from taking samples. Apparently
this was due to Samir informing a representative of Awan that joint sampling,
preferably by a reputed agency appointed by the Singapore court, should be
done instead.

29 Kishore alleged that later that day, he saw three truckloads of coal being
pilfered away by Awan, which caused him to lodge a police report for theft.
Kishore also claimed that he received threats on his life via telephone. O&B
then wrote to R&T on 23 June 2010, confronting R&T as regards the threats made
to Kishore, and also the pilferage of the coal. O&B further questioned
Gimpex’s interference with SGS’s surveying of the coal, and maintained that
they wanted to undertake a survey immediately. R&T replied on the same day in
two emails. R&T sought more information regarding the threats made against
Kishore, and explained that Gimpex had stopped the SGS survey because it was
concerned that the defendants’ conduct of the survey might be subject to
manipulation in order to cover up their earlier fraudulent acts in delivering
low-quality coal. R&T also proposed that the parties conduct a joint
inspection of the coal by a court-appointed agency.

30 O&B replied the following day, on 24 June 2010, stating that the proposed
joint inspection would be pointless as Unity was of the position that Gimpex
had unlawfully rejected the coal. In other words, Gimpex had nothing more to
do with the coal. On the other hand, Unity should be allowed to mitigate its
losses, and was entitled to take whatever steps it deemed fit, such as
conducting a survey of the coal in order that the coal could be sold to
another buyer.

31 Kishore left Karachi on 24 June 2010, and Unity eventually aborted the sale
of the coal to Rafeh.

32 Subsequently, on 1 July 2010, Unity sold the coal to M/s International
Energy Resources (“FZC”), an associated company of Awan, on an “as is where
is” basis at the price of US$48.63 per MT.[note: 8] The coal was paid for by
FZC. Kishore explained that the defendants had agreed to sell the coal at such
a low price because of the condition of the coal at that time, which they
believed had deteriorated due to the coal being left to lie in the open for
almost two months. Furthermore, they had very little control over the coal,
and felt that this was probably their best option at mitigating their losses.

Summary of the pleadings in the Suit

33 In the Suit, Gimpex made a number of claims against the defendants jointly
or against the defendants individually:

(a) A claim against Unity for delivering coal which did not conform to the
contractual specifications, or in the alternative, non-delivery of coal (“the
Breach of Contract Claim”). The remedies sought by Gimpex in this claim are
for damages, and an indemnity against any claims by Awan against Gimpex for
breach of contract on the part of Gimpex in failing to deliver coal of the
correct specifications to Awan.

(b) A claim against Unity for payment of demurrage that was due from Unity to
Gimpex pursuant to the Contract (“the Demurrage Claim”). This claim was based
on the fact that loading of the coal at Kalimantan took longer than what was
provided for under the Contract.

(c) A claim against the defendants for loss suffered as a result of an
unlawful conspiracy to injure the Plaintiffs through unlawful and/or
fraudulent means (“the Unlawful Means Conspiracy Claim”).[note: 9] In this
regard, Gimpex averred that Vinay used Unity as a shell company to enter into
the Contract with Gimpex, knowing and intending for the coal to be of grossly
inferior quality, while trying to obtain payment under the L/C before the
grossly inferior coal was discovered. In coming up with this fraudulent
scheme, the defendants perpetrated the following: (1) the party to the initial
draft contract was Param Energy, but this was switched to Unity when Gimpex
entered into the Contract; (2) the defendants represented that Unity was a
Singapore company, and did not disclose that Unity was instead a BVI company;
(3) the Contract stated Unity’s domicillium as Singapore and had a Singapore
address; (4) the defendants fraudulently arranged for grossly inferior coal to
be supplied to Gimpex by procuring the coal from PT Planet which was
controlled by the defendants; (5) the defendants sought to hide the true
quality of the coal by preventing SCCI from inspecting and drawing samples of
the coal while it was being loaded onto the Vessel at Kalimantan; and (6)
Unity failed to send the required documents in compliance with the L/C
requirements and tendered instead a Beneficiary Certificate stating that it
had done so, in order to deceive and to receive payment under the L/C.

(d) That Vinay was the alter ego of Unity and Param Energy, such that the
corporate veils over Unity and Param Energy should be lifted with the effect
that Param Energy and/or Vinay be liable for Unity’s liability to Gimpex
because: (1) Vinay had directed or procured the fraud perpetrated against
Gimpex; (2) Param Energy and/or Vinay were the true parties liable for Unity’s
failure to deliver the Cargo; (3) Unity was merely an agent of Param Energy
and/or Vinay; and (4) Param Energy and/or Vinay were the true parties liable
for Unity’s failure to deliver the Cargo according to contractual
specifications (“the Lifting of Corporate Veil Claims”).

34 For the Breach of Contract Claim, Unity averred that it had delivered coal
that conformed to the contractual specifications. This was because the
Sucofindo Report reflected that that was the case, and pursuant to Arts 4.4
and 5.1 of the Contract, the Sucofindo Report was binding on the parties in so
far as the quality and the quantity of the Cargo were concerned.[note: 10]
Furthermore, Gimpex had failed to take reasonable steps to mitigate its losses
by not sourcing for or purchasing alternative coal to supply to Awan.[note:
11]

35 In addition, the defendants counterclaimed against Gimpex for its alleged
unlawful rejection of the Cargo and its conduct following that, resulting in
the defendants suffering losses, which included:

(a) Damages arising from Gimpex’s unlawful rejection of the Cargo, amounting
to US$643,360.02 (being the difference between the Contract price of
US$2,661,991.32 and the sale price to FZC US$2,018,631.30), US$750 (for
charges paid to SGS) and US$6,804 (for the expenses incurred in the aborted
sale to Rafeh).

(b) Damages suffered by Unity arising from the interim injunction obtained by
Gimpex in Singapore.

(c) Reimbursement of US$50,000, being the sum Gimpex received from calling on
the performance bond provided under Art 7.7 of the Contract.

(d) An indemnity from Gimpex for any claims arising from Rafeh for Unity’s
breach of the contract of sale entered into with Rafeh.

36 The claims in [35] will henceforth be collectively referred to as (“the
Counterclaims”).

37 For the Demurrage Claim, Unity argued that the term of the Contract
regarding demurrage had been varied between the parties such that Unity would
not be liable for any demurrage or was entitled to despatch. [note: 12]

38 For the Unlawful Means Conspiracy Claim, the defendants argued that no
representations were made to Gimpex that Unity was a Singapore company, and
Gimpex was not induced by any such representations to enter into the Contract.
They further argued that they did not commit any wrongful acts against Gimpex.
In any event, the defendants averred that they never intended to cause injury
to Gimpex.

39 In response to the Corporate Veil Claims, Vinay further denied that he was
the alter ego of Unity and Param Energy. In particular, Vinay pointed out that
he was only one of five directors of Unity, and only indirectly held 25% of
the shares in Unity through Param Energy.

The decision below

40 The Judge dismissed the Unlawful Means Conspiracy Claim, the Demurrage
Claims, and the Corporate Veil Claims, but allowed the Breach of Contract
Claim. Consequently, she dismissed the Counterclaims. The Judge further
ordered that damages against Unity (with the question of interest on the
damages together with the issue of costs of the assessment) be assessed by the
Registrar. She also awarded costs to Gimpex for its claim against Unity and
the costs of the defendants’ counterclaim, and one set of costs (on a standard
basis) to be awarded to Param Energy and Vinay for Gimpex’s claims against
them.

41 At this point we would observe that Gimpex has not appealed against the
dismissal of its Demurrage Claim. Therefore, we give no further consideration
to that claim in this judgment.

The Judge’s findings in relation to the Breach of Contract Claim

42 In relation to the Breach of Contract Claim, the Judge’s main finding in
this regard was that the coal discharged at Karachi did not meet the
contractual specifications, and this was in all likelihood because the coal
that was loaded from the jetties onto the barges was not the same coal that
was loaded onto the Vessel and shipped to Karachi.

43 The Judge held that the Sucofindo Report was hearsay evidence. The
defendants sought to adduce that Report via the testimony of one Nonot Imam
Norbintoro (“Nonot”). Nonot was an employee of Sucofindo who signed some of
the reports issued by Sucofindo. However, the Judge found (at [160]) that:

It was clear from his evidence in cross-examination that Nonot did not conduct
any survey at Sungai Putting or Batulicin, he did not deliver to the
laboratory the coal samples that were taken by Sucofindo’s inspectors, he did
not conduct the laboratory tests, he was not on the barges when the coal was
delivered to the ship, he was not on the ship when the coal was loaded and he
did not prepare any certificates of Sucofindo including the certificate of
origin that he signed.

44 The defendants sought to admit the Sucofindo Report under a number of the
exceptions to the hearsay rule found in s 32 of the Evidence Act (Cap 97, 1997
Rev Ed) (“the EA”). However, the Judge rejected their arguments. The Judge
held that the defendants were wrong in relying on the case of _Toepfer v
Continental Grain Co_ [1974] 1 Lloyd’s Rep 11 (“ _Toepfer_ ”) for the
proposition that the contents of the Sucofindo Report could not be challenged
because it was final and binding on the parties under the Contract – until and
unless the defendants have proved the truth of the contents of the various
reports issued by Sucofindo to the court’s satisfaction, the Sucofindo Report
could not be admitted and relied on.

45 More importantly, the Judge also held that the Sucofindo Report was not
accurate and reliable, and made a number of findings to that end:

(a) First, the date of intervention indicated in the Sucofindo Report (_ie_ ,
the date Sucofindo was involved in the shipment of the coal) was between 11
and 21 April 2010. Under cross-examination, Nonot admitted that the sampling
could not have covered the barge-loading operations as loading of the coal
from the jetty onto the four barges at Sungai Putting took place between 7 and
13 April 2010 while loading at Batulicin was between 4 and 6 April 2010. The
date of intervention must have been a reference to the loading of the Vessel.
That being the case, the Sucofindo Report did not reflect the fact that the
sampling of the coal for the purposes of ascertaining, _inter alia_ , the GCV,
was to be done when the coal was being loaded from the jetty onto the barges.

(b) Secondly, the Sucofindo Report itself stated that the samples were
prepared and tests started on 8 April 2010, and Nonot relied on this to say
that the first sample was taken on 8 April 2010 on one of the barges such that
the problems arising from the Sucofindo Report concerning the date of
intervention could be ignored. The Judge found Nonot’s explanation
unconvincing.

(c) Thirdly, Sucofindo had, at PT Planet’s request, changed the standard
wording in its certificates from “gross samples were taken during loading _of
barge_ and sample TM were taken during loading to the vessel” [emphasis added]
to “gross samples were collected during loading and sample TM were taken
during loading of the vessel”.[note: 13] The words “of barge” were removed.
This was misleading as it gave the reader the wrong impression that the
samples of the coal were taken while the coal was being loaded onto the Vessel
and that the loading was done on 8 April 2010.

(d) Fourthly, the Pre-shipment Analysis Report was defective as it pertained
to 32,000MT of coal leaving a balance of 9,510MT of coal unaccounted for. The
stockpiles from which the coal samples were taken were also not identified.

46 The Judge went on to consider the admissibility of the Inspectorate Report
and the Intertek Report. For the Inspectorate Report, one Majeed Qazi Muhammad
Abdul (“Majeed”) and another Mallik Shyamal Kumar (“Mallik”) were called to
testify. Gimpex submitted that Majeed and Mallik were the makers of the
Inspectorate Report and therefore the Inspectorate Report was not hearsay
evidence. Majeed was the operations manager of Inspection Services
Incorporated (Pvt) Ltd (‘ISIP”) who was the Pakistani agent of Inspectorate,
and collected the samples and gave evidence on that. Mallik was an assistant
manager in charge of carrying out the analysis of the coal samples which were
carried out at Inspectorate’s laboratory at Bhubaneswar, India.[note: 14] In
cross-examination, however, Mallik admitted that he neither carried out the
tests on the coal himself nor visually supervised the chemists who did. He
also admitted that he could not confirm that the coal sampled was the coal
that came from the Vessel. Due to Mallik’s testimony, the Judge held that the
Inspectorate Report was hearsay evidence. For the Intertek Report, the Judge
found that the surveyors of the coal from Intertek declined to give evidence
in court and it was therefore hearsay evidence. The Judge then rejected
Gimpex’s attempts at relying on the exceptions to the hearsay rule found in s
32 of the EA in order to admit both the Inspectorate Report and the Intertek
Report.

47 Notwithstanding that all the reports were not admitted into evidence, the
Judge held on a balance of probabilities the coal that was discharged in
Karachi was not the coal that was sampled by Sucofindo at Sungai Putting. The
Judge after considering the evidence held that the coal that was sampled at
the jetty and on the barges was not actually loaded on board the Vessel. In
arriving at that conclusion, the Judge made the following findings:

(a) The evidence of Gimpex’s expert, one Sebastian Norager (“Norager”) was
preferred over that of the defendants’ expert, Robert Gunn (“Gunn”). This was
because Norager’s report was balanced and took into consideration all relevant
factors and evidence while Gunn’s evidence was overly biased in the
defendants’ favour.

(b) Norager’s evidence was that in his experience, he had witnessed barges
with rejected cargoes of coal being towed to another ship to be loaded. In
that regard, Norager noted the Sucofindo Report’s analysis of the TM of the
coal did not accord with the fact that there was heavy rain during three of
the days when the coal was being loaded from the barges onto the Vessel.

(c) Norager’s evidence was also that even if he took into account the wetting
of the coal by the rain, this could not explain the difference in the TM shown
in the Sucofindo Report, the Inspectorate Report, and the Intertek Report.
Furthermore, the vast discrepancies in the GCV and TM of the coal shown in the
Sucofindo Report, the Intertek Report, and the Inspectorate Report, could not
be explained to be a result of the coal deteriorating in quality while being
shipped on board the Vessel to Karachi.

(d) The defendants refused Gimpex’s suggestion of conducting a joint survey of
the coal at Karachi without providing a valid or credible reason for the
refusal. On this point, the defendants raised a number of reasons for
rejecting this, _viz_ , that it was pointless because the Sucofindo Report was
final and binding as to the quality of the coal, that there were threats made
on Kishore’s life, and that the coal was being pilfered by Awan. The Judge
rejected all these explanations, holding that she was sceptical regarding the
threats on Kishore’s life, and in any case, she did not think that those
threats had anything to do with conducting a joint survey of the coal.
Furthermore, if the defendants had really thought that the coal was being
pilfered, a joint survey would have been all the more necessary to determine
the actual quantities and quality of the coal that remained in the yard. From
this, the Judge inferred that the defendants knew that the coal that was
discharged at Karachi did not conform to the contractual specifications.

(e) The defendants should not have stopped SCCI from conducting sampling of
the coal on board the Vessel, as that was allowed under Art 4.5 of the
Contract. The Judge also held that the defendants’ initial explanation for
stopping SCCI from conducting sampling of the coal, which was that the
defendants were told that SCCI was sampling low quality coal, was
unconvincing. This was because, on Prem’s evidence, the coal would have been
blended at least twice by the time it was loaded onto the Vessel (_viz_ ,
first was the loading of the coal from the jetty onto the barges, and second
was the loading of the coal from the barges onto the Vessel) and there was
therefore no possibility of SCCI only taking samples of poor quality coal.

48 The Judge therefore concluded that the coal supplied by the defendants was
not in accordance with the contractual specifications. Accordingly, the Judge
allowed the Breach of Contract Claim, and dismissed the Counterclaims.

The Judge’s findings in relation to the conspiracy claim

49 First, the Judge held that Gimpex did not inform any of the defendants that
it required the seller of the coal to be a Singapore company and also that the
defendants did not represent to Gimpex that Unity was a Singapore-incorporated
company. In the Judge’s view, there was insufficient evidence to substantiate
Gimpex’s claim that it had made known to the defendants that it would only
enter into the transaction with a Singapore-incorporated company (“the
Singapore Entity Claim”).

50 To substantiate the Singapore Entity Claim, Gimpex made the point that when
the defendants presented Gimpex with a draft of the Contract, Gimpex proposed
the inclusion of Art 21 of the Contract, which states a Singapore address as
the domicillium of Unity. The Judge, however, held that none of the defendants
gave much thought to Art 21 of the Contract. Furthermore, the only evidence
relied upon by Gimpex was Samir’s claim that he had orally informed Lalit
and/or Vinay that Gimpex required the seller to be a Singapore company. There
was no documentary evidence to that effect.

51 The Judge was also not persuaded by Gimpex’s reliance on Art 21 to show
that the defendants represented to Gimpex that Unity was a Singapore-
incorporated company. First, the Judge held that the word “domicillium” or
“domicile” in English, was simply indicative of an address nominated by a
party in a legal contract where legal notices could be sent, and to “equate
the word domicillium with a representation by [Unity] that it is a Singapore-
registered company is really stretching and/or straining the meaning of the
word” (see Judgment at [190]).

52 Secondly, the Judge also held that it was Gimpex who rejected the first
draft contract where Param Energy was the contracting party because Gimpex did
not want to provide a transferable L/C. That, as alleged by the defendants,
was the only reason why Unity was substituted as the seller of the coal in the
Contract. The defendants did not engineer the switch.

53 Thirdly, the Judge held that, “no evidence was adduced in court that even
remotely suggested that the third defendant conspired with either the first
and/or second defendant to defraud the plaintiff” (see Judgment at [194]). The
Judge then elaborated on this by observing that Unity’s profit margin, if the
transaction had gone through smoothly, was only 1.83%, and therefore there was
not much benefit for Vinay to defraud Gimpex.

The Judge’s findings in relation to the Corporate Veil Claims

54 The Judge held that Vinay was not the alter ego of Unity or Param Energy.
In particular, the Judge noted that Vinay was not even a cheque signatory of
Unity’s bank accounts, and the major shareholder of Unity was not Vinay but
SMIL, who had a 51% shareholding in Unity (see Judgment at [195]).

The parties’ respective cases

CA 160/2013

55 In Civil Appeal No 160 of 2013 (“CA 160/2013”), Gimpex has appealed against
the Judge’s decision to dismiss the Unlawful Means Conspiracy Claim, and the
Corporate Veil Claims. In this appeal, Gimpex also seeks to argue that the
defendants should be liable for lawful means conspiracy and, that as between
the defendants, there was a predominant intention on their part to harm
Gimpex. Thus, Vinay and Param Energy should also be liable as joint
tortfeasors (“the Joint Tortfeasor Claim”). In addition, in respect of the
Breach of Contract Claim, Gimpex is asking this court to assess the damages
due to it instead of letting the damages be assessed later by the Registrar as
ordered by the Judge as all the relevant evidence relating to damages is
already before the court.

56 Gimpex submits that the Judge’s reasoning, in relation to there being no
motivation for the defendants to defraud Gimpex because the profit margin
under the Contract was only 1.83%, was wrong. However, the remaining elements
of Gimpex’s case in CA 160/2013 are largely a repeat of their submissions made
before the Judge.

57 The defendants did not respond to Gimpex’s submission on the Judge’s
finding regarding the defendants’ motivation to commit fraud. The remainder of
their submissions was largely a repeat of their case before the Judge. They
reiterated their point that there was no fraud on their part.

CA 161/2013

58 In Civil Appeal No 161 of 2013 (“CA 161/2013”), the defendants are
appealing the Judge’s decision to allow the Breach of Contract Claim and her
decision to dismiss the Counterclaims. Their case may be summarised as
follows:

(a) Gimpex, as the plaintiff, had the burden of proving its case that the
rejection of the coal was lawful because the coal did not comply with the
contractual specifications.

(b) The Sucofindo Report was final and binding on the parties pursuant to Art
4.5 of the Contract. This meant that Gimpex should not be allowed to challenge
findings of the Sucofindo Report unless it has pleaded fraud or collusion on
the part of Sucofindo, or that there was a manifest error with the Sucofindo
Report. Gimpex did not allege fraud on the part of Sucofindo, and so the
defendants did not have to prove the truth of the contents of the Sucofindo
Report. The Sucofindo Report should have been admitted into evidence as a
matter of course.

(c) In any event, the Sucofindo Report should be admitted under s
32(1)(_b_)(iv) and/or s 32(1)(_j_)(iii) of the EA.

(d) The Sucofindo Report did not contain inaccuracies as held by the Judge
such that it should be inadmissible.

(e) The Inspectorate Report and the Intertek Report were both inadmissible, or
should be given little or no weight if they are admitted. This is because the
two reports were hearsay and were unreliable in terms of accuracy. The
sampling of the coal that was conducted for those reports was grossly
inadequate.

(f) There was sufficient evidence to show that the coal that was loaded from
the jetty to the barges was also loaded from the barges onto the Vessel.

59 Gimpex’s response is that:

(a) Art 4.4 of the Contract did not specifically provide for the Sucofindo
Report to be final and binding as to the quality of the coal.

(b) The Sucofindo Report was not admissible under s 32(1)(_b_)(iv) and/or s
32(1)(_j_)(iii) of the EA. If it was, the court should find that it is
inadmissible under s 32(3) of the EA.

(c) The Intertek Report was admissible in evidence under s 32(1)(_j)_(iii)
and/or s 32(1)(_j_)(iv) of the EA.

(d) The Inspectorate Report was not hearsay evidence, and even if it were, it
should be admissible under s 32(1)(_j)_(iii) and/or s 32(1)(_j_)(iv) of the
EA.

(e) The Judge’s finding that the coal that was loaded from the jetty to the
barges was not the same coal that was loaded from the barges onto the Vessel,
should be affirmed.

Issues before this Court

60 The issues that arise for determination in relation to both the appeals can
be listed under the following main heads:

(a) Whether the coal delivered at Karachi was in compliance with the
contractual specifications.

(b) Whether the claim for conspiracy is proved.

(c) Whether the defendants are liable as joint tortfeasors.

(d) Whether the corporate veils of Unity and Param Energy should have been
lifted.

(e) Whether the court should have proceeded to assess the damages due to
Gimpex for the Breach of Contract Claim.

Whether the coal delivered at Karachi was in compliance with the contractual
specifications.

Who has the burden of showing that the Cargo supplied was within or outside
the contractual specifications

61 The defendants submit that Gimpex, being the plaintiff, has the burden of
proving that the coal supplied did not comply with the contractual
specification. In this regard, they rely on s 103 of the EA which reads as
follows:

**Burden of proof**

**103.** —(1) Whoever desires any court to give judgment as to any legal right
or liability, dependent on the existence of facts which he asserts, must prove
that those facts exist.

(2) When a person is bound to prove the existence of any fact, it is said that
the burden of proof lies on that person.

62 Gimpex accepts that it had the burden of proving its case. However, it
submits that once it has shown that it had purchased coal of a specified
quality from Unity under the Contract which Unity had the obligation to
deliver, the evidential burden would shift to the defendants (or more
specifically, Unity, as the seller of the coal) to show that they had
delivered coal within the contractual specifications. If the defendants could
not do so, Gimpex would have proven its case.

63 Gimpex relied on the Court of Appeal decision in _Zim Integrated Shipping
Service Ltd and others v Dafni Igal and others_ [2011] 1 SLR 862 (“ _Zim_ ”).
In that case, the plaintiffs brought claims premised on the defendants’ breach
of fiduciary duties, which included a claim based on one of the defendants
receiving monies from a third party which was to be accounted for to the
plaintiffs. The plaintiffs adduced evidence to the effect that the defendant
received monies which corresponded in value to the amounts which were owed by
the third party. The defendant’s response, _inter alia_ , was that the monies
paid to him were gratuitous incentive payments given to it for its support and
patronage of the third party. The Court of Appeal held (at [12]) that:

In our view, although the [plaintiffs] bore the legal burden throughout of
proving that the monies were received in connection with the [defendant's]
role as the [plaintiffs’] agent (and, hence, establishing their legal
entitlement to the [monies]), they had … in fact discharged the (initial)
evidential burden that this was the case. The evidential burden then shifted,
at this point, to the Fourth Respondent to demonstrate that the monies had not
been received in that capacity (see also, in relation to the distinction
between the legal burden and the evidential burden, the decision of this court
in _Loo Chay Sit v Estate of Loo Chay Loo, deceased_ [2010] 1 SLR 286 (at
[14])). …

64 As a matter of principle, the defendants are correct to say that it is for
Gimpex to prove its case and that Gimpex bears the legal burden throughout. In
order for Gimpex to satisfy that legal burden, it must prove three things: (1)
what it was entitled to under the contract; (2) what was in fact delivered;
and (3) what was delivered did not comply with what it was entitled to.
Gimpex’s submission appears to be that so long as it can show (1), the burden
would then shift onto the defendant to prove that it did ship conforming coal.
The problem with this analysis is that it reverses the burden of proof that is
placed on Gimpex by s 103 of the EA.

65 The case of _Zim_ relied upon by Gimpex also does not help them. That was a
case concerning a claim against fiduciaries. The plaintiffs’ case in _Zim_ was
that: (1) they were supposed to receive certain sums of moneys from third
parties; (2) those moneys were paid to one of the defendants; and (3) that
defendant did not pay over those moneys to the plaintiffs. The Court of Appeal
found that the plaintiffs had discharged their initial burden of proving their
case. The evidential burden thus shifted over to that defendant to demonstrate
that the monies had not been received by him in his capacity as a fiduciary
and clearly, only the defendant would be able to answer in what other
capacity, if at all, he was receiving the payment. Those were different
circumstances. Here Gimpex has not discharge its initial burden of proving the
second and the third elements set out in [64] above.

66 In this connection, the same must be said about the defendants’
counterclaim for unlawful rejection. In order for the defendants to succeed in
their counterclaim, they must show that: (1) there was a contract for Gimpex
to take delivery of the coal in exchange for payment to the defendants; (2)
the coal delivered to Gimpex was of the quality specified under the Contract;
and (3) Gimpex did not accept delivery of the coal.

67 What follows from this analysis is that in order for Gimpex to succeed, it
must show that either the Intertek Report or the Inspectorate Report is
admissible into evidence in order to discharge its initial burden that the
coal delivered was deficient. Only then would the evidential burden shift to
the defendants, who seek to admit the Sucofindo Report as countervailing
evidence as to the quality of the coal delivered. Similarly, as regards the
Counterclaim, it is for the defendants to first show that the coal delivered
was of a satisfactory quality. To do that, they must show that the Sucofindo
Report is admissible into evidence and is reliable. Only when the defendants
have proved that, would the evidential burden shift to Gimpex. Where neither
party is able to discharge its initial burden, then both parties will equally
fail in their claims.

68 The Breach of Contract Claim and the Counterclaims therefore heavily hinge
upon the admissibility of the three reports.

Whether the Sucofindo Report was final and binding on the quality of the coal
such that the truth of its contents need not be proven by the defendants

69 Before analysing the admissibility of the three reports proper, we pause
here to consider a submission made by the defendants in relation to the
Sucofindo Report. The defendants contend that under Art 4.4 of the Contract,
parties had agreed that the Sucofindo Report shall be final and binding on the
parties as to the quality of the coal. We will refer to Art 4.4 again:

4.4 All reported findings on all inspections/surveys conducted at Origin in
relation to quality, quantity and weights etc done at origin and/or port and
place of loading shall be FINAL and binding to both Buyer and Seller.

70 Furthermore, Art 4.1 provides that the quality of the coal shipped was to
be determined and analysed by Sucofindo, while Art 4.3 expressly states that
the “consignment should be accompanied by Certificate of Sampling and Analysis
as per ASTM standard issued by Sucofindo Indonesia” (_ie_ , the Sucofindo
Report). Thus the defendants say that having the Sucofindo Report to be
regarded as final and binding as to quality of the coal was consistent with
the commercial purpose of such a clause, which was to minimise disputes about
the quality of the coal.

71 Gimpex, on the other hand, contends that Art 4.4 makes no specific mention
of a quality certificate issued by Sucofindo, and refers instead to findings
in general. Gimpex contrasted Art 4.4 with Art 5.1, which is a provision in
the Contract relating to ascertaining the _quantity_ of coal. Art 5.1 provides
that:

5.1 Seller shall appoint Sucofindo, Indonesia to determine the weight of cargo
loaded onto the mother vessel at loading point and issue a Certificate of
Weight, which shall be final and binding on both parties.

Gimpex argues that if the parties had intended the Sucofindo Report to be
final and binding as to quality, they would have said so expressly in a manner
similar to that in Art 5.1.

72 In addition, Gimpex relies on Art 4.5, which allows the buyer to appoint an
independent inspection agency, and Art 4.6, which provides that one set of raw
samples drawn by surveyors on board the Vessel should be duly sealed and
signed by “the surveyors”. Gimpex argues that by virtue of these provisions,
the Contract appears to envisage that Sucofindo’s analysis of the coal was to
be checked by another inspection agency.

73 The defendants’ response is that SCCI was only allowed to witness the
loading of the coal under Art 4.5. This is because if SCCI was allowed to
sample the coal, this would run contrary to Arts 4.1 and 4.4 that the
Sucofindo Report was meant to be final and binding as to quality.

74 We agree that reading Art 4.4 in isolation could leave one in doubt as to
its proper sense. It is true that read in the context of the preceding
provisions (see [10] above), and that must be the proper way to construe the
provision, Art 4.4 would, _prima facie_ , mean that the parties have agreed to
regard the reports/findings of Sucofindo, including those as to quality, as
being final and binding on them. That said, we must point out that there are
difficulties to the above construction by virtue of Arts 4.5 and 4.6, with the
former providing that the buyer has the option of appointing “an independent
inspection agency” and the latter stating that “one set of raw samples drawn
by the surveyors on board the vessel would be duly sealed and signed by the
surveyors”. What would be the role of the surveyor appointed by the buyer
(here, it was SCCI)? There is nothing in Art 4.5 which indicates that SCCI
could only witness what was being done by Sucofindo so why could SCCI not
collect samples? Moreover, there must be a purpose in requiring that the
samples taken on board the vessel be “duly sealed and signed by the
surveyors”. Should the sealed samples also bear the signature of the surveyor
(SCCI) appointed by the buyer? And if the samples taken need only bear the
signature of the surveyor appointed by the seller (in this case Sucofindo),
what would be the point of Art 4.6? The position is far from clear. We would
also highlight that Art 22 of the Contract even provides that:

BUYER’S at their own expense shall reserve the right at any time to observe or
appoint an observer/representative/third party international inspection agency
during mining and stockpiling of the coal for the shipment, sampling and
analysis, loading and weighing at the stockpile/jetty/loading port/anchorage
for which SELLER’S to extend all necessary cooperation.

In the light of Arts 4.5 and 4.6, we do not think a certificate issued by
Sucofindo as to the quality of the coal should be regarded as final and
binding on the parties. Here, Gimpex did appoint SCCI as its own independent
inspection agency in accordance with its entitlement to do so under the
Contract. It follows, and also bearing in mind that any ambiguity in the
Contract could possibly be construed _contra proferentem_ vis-à-vis the
drafter (in this case, the defendants) that the defendants should not be
permitted to insist that the Sucofindo Report was final and binding between
the parties as to the quality of the coal.

75 What this means is that if the defendants are to rely on the Sucofindo
Report as proof of the quality of the coal, the defendants must prove the
truth of the contents of the Sucofindo Report. It is to this issue which we
now turn our attention to.

The admissibility of the Sucofindo Report

76 As alluded to earlier, the admissibility of the three reports are crucial
to the present case. We first examine the admissibility of the Sucofindo
Report, followed by the admissibility of the Intertek Report and finally the
Inspectorate Report.

77 The parties have placed much reliance on s 32 of the EA and we will begin
with looking at the significant amendments to s 32 brought about by the
Evidence (Amendment) Act 2012 (Act 4 of 2012) (“the EA(A) 2012”). The objects
of the amendments to s 32 of the EA were summarised at the Second Reading of
the Evidence (Amendment) Bill (_Singapore Parliamentary Debates_ , _Official
Report_ (14 February 2012) vol 88) (“the _Parliamentary Debates_ ”) by
Minister for Law, Mr K Shanmugam:

… The hearsay rule provides that an out-of-court statement shall not be
admitted as proof of its contents, unless the maker of the statement is
produced in Court. The rule has been much criticised and exceptions have been
carved out. Strong views have been expressed to us that the hearsay rule
should be abolished. The present amendments, however, do not go that far.
There is still a core of sense – common sense \- in the hearsay rule that,
_prima facie_ , a statement should not be admitted to prove the truth of its
contents if its maker cannot be cross-examined as to its veracity. What we
have done is to introduce more flexible exceptions to the hearsay rule.

Section 32 is amended, so that the exceptions in that section will no longer
be predicated on the unavailability of the maker. The business records
exception in section 32(b) is extended. Existing exceptions under the Criminal
Procedure Code 2010 will now be moved to the Evidence Act; they will now apply
to both civil and criminal proceedings. The Court is given a residual
discretion to exclude hearsay evidence in the interests of justice. This
ensures that the expanded exceptions are not abused. This is in addition to
the Court’s inherent jurisdiction to exclude prejudicial evidence. A party who
intends to rely on hearsay evidence would also have to give advance notice of
his intent, in accordance with the relevant rules of procedure.

78 The material parts of s 32 of the EA (as amended by the EA(A) 2012) are as
follows:

**Cases in which statement of relevant fact by person who is dead or cannot be
found, etc., is relevant**

**32.** —(1) Subject to subsections (2) and (3), statements of relevant facts
made by a person (whether orally, in a document or otherwise), are themselves
relevant facts in the following cases:

…

**or is made in course of trade, business, profession or other occupation;**

(_b_) when the statement was made by a person in the ordinary course of a
trade, business, profession or other occupation and in particular when it
consists of —

(i) any entry or memorandum in books kept in the ordinary course of a trade,
business, profession or other occupation or in the discharge of professional
duty;

(ii) an acknowledgment (whether written or signed) for the receipt of money,
goods, securities or property of any kind;

(iii) any information in market quotations, tabulations, lists, directories or
other compilations generally used and relied upon by the public or by persons
in particular occupations; or

(iv) a document constituting, or forming part of, the records (whether past or
present) of a trade, business, profession or other occupation that are
recorded, owned or kept by any person, body or organisation carrying out the
trade, business, profession or other occupation,

and includes a statement made in a document that is, or forms part of, a
record compiled by a person acting in the ordinary course of a trade,
business, profession or other occupation based on information supplied by
other persons;

…

**or is made by person who is dead or who cannot be produced as witness;**

(_j_) when the statement is made by a person in respect of whom it is shown —

(i) is dead or unfit because of his bodily or mental condition to attend as a
witness;

(ii) that despite reasonable efforts to locate him, he cannot be found whether
within or outside Singapore;

(iii) that he is outside Singapore and it is not practicable to secure his
attendance; or

(iv) that, being competent but not compellable to give evidence on behalf of
the party desiring to give the statement in evidence, he refuses to do so;

…

(3) A statement which is otherwise relevant under subsection (1) shall not be
relevant if the court is of the view that it would not be in the interests of
justice to treat it as relevant.

(4) Except in the case of subsection (1)(_k_), evidence may not be given under
subsection (1) on behalf of a party to the proceedings unless that party
complies —

(a) in the case of criminal proceedings, with such notice requirements and
other conditions as may be prescribed by the Minister under section 428 of the
Criminal Procedure Code 2010 (Act 15 of 2010); and

(b) in all other proceedings, with such notice requirements and other
conditions as may be prescribed in the Rules of Court or the Family Justice
Rules.

(5) Where a statement is admitted in evidence under subsection (1), the court
shall assign such weight as it deems fit to the statement

Was the Sucofindo Report hearsay evidence?

79 The defendants rely on the Sucofindo Report in order to prove that _the
coal shipped on board the Vessel and discharged at Karachi_ had a GCV of
6,266Kcal/Kg and TM of 18%, and was therefore within the contractual
specifications. That is the fact in issue which the defendants are seeking to
prove by the Sucofindo Report.

80 The defendants submit that the Sucofindo Report is admissible as proof of
that fact in issue through Nonot’s oral testimony, whom the defendants alleged
was the maker of the report. The Sucofindo Report was therefore not hearsay
evidence, or in other words, the statements contained in the report are not
just statements of relevant facts which are admissible under s 32(1) of the EA
(see _Lee Chez Kee v Public Prosecutor_ [2008] 3 SLR(R) 447 at [67]).

81 The defendants’ submission that Nonot was the maker of the Sucofindo Report
is premised on a legal proposition they seek to advance, namely, that the
person who authenticates the document is the maker of the document. The
defendants rely on the Kuala Lumpur High Court case of _Public Prosecutor v
Abdul Rahim Bin Abdul Satar_ [1990] 3 MLJ 188 (“ _Satar_ ”) where objection
was taken as to the admissibility of a list bearing the serial numbers of some
dollar notes on the basis that it was hearsay evidence. The list was used for
the purposes of showing that the accused person had received those bank notes
in contravention of the then Prevention of Corruption Act 1961 (Act 57)
(M’sia). An issue arose as to who was the maker of the list since the
investigating officer who produced this list in court had received the list
from another police officer who prepared the list. However, the investigating
officer had compared the numbers on the prepared list with the bank notes and
found that the notes correlated to the numbers on the list. He was also the
person who signed off on the list as the person who passed the notes to the
accused. Wan Yahya J held that the investigating officer was the maker of the
list because:

… By comparing the unsigned list against the notes and then signing the same,
the [investigating officer] had in effect authenticated and endorsed the
[list] as his own document. After all _he was the person who compared the
notes and could vouch for the correctness of the numbers that had been
inscribed and he had authenticated the list by setting down his signature on
it and not [the police officer]_. …

…

The mere deed of composing, framing, ascribing, or preparing a document or
reducing certain details into writing, does not ipso facto turn the writer
into the maker of a document within the contemplation of the hearsay rule. _In
my opinion, the affirming person for whose purpose or on whose behalf the
averments contained in the documents are made is the actual maker of the
document_. The petition writer, typist or even a lawyer who prepares a
document for his client is not himself a maker but is the person who assists
in the preparation of the document. _The maker is the person who authenticates
the document_.

[emphasis added in italics and in underline]

On that basis, the court held that the list was not hearsay evidence and was
admissible.

82 The defendants relied on the underlined portion of the quotation above in
support of the proposition advanced. However, this reliance is misconceived.
That statement was made in the context of the court determining that the maker
of the list was the investigating officer _and not_ the police officer who
prepared it. Instead, the crucial part of the court’s decision was the first
italicised portions of the quotation above. The reason why the maker of the
list was the investigating officer was because he had checked the numbers on
the list against the actual bank notes and could thus testify as to the truth
of the numbers inscribed on the list as matching the bank notes he passed on
to the accused person. The other police officer who prepared and gave the list
to the investigating officer was no more than someone who did the clerical
work.

83 The position in the present case is different from _Satar_ in all material
respects. Factually, it was not clear that Nonot was the person who signed the
Sucofindo Report. During examination-in-chief, Nonot testified that the only
certificate he signed on Sucofindo’s behalf was the certificate of origin, and
the rest of the certificates (including the Sucofindo Report) were signed by
one M Eko Supriana. The Judge also held that this was the case. This is a
direct contradiction to the defendants’ submission that, “[i]t is not disputed
that Nonot signed [the Sucofindo Report]”, and that the Judge had erred in
that regard. Gimpex unequivocally denies that this issue is undisputed.

84 In any event, Nonot’s evidence during cross-examination was that he was not
personally involved in the entire process of sampling, testing, and loading of
the coal: (1) he did not conduct the sampling of the coal at Sungai Putting or
Batulicin; (2) he did not deliver the coal samples to the laboratory for
testing; (3) he did not conduct the laboratory tests; (4) he did not witness
the coal being loaded onto the barges; (5) he did not witness the coal being
loaded on the Vessel from the barges; and (6) he did not prepare the Sucofindo
Report (or any of the various Sucofindo certificates issued). His involvement
was restricted to giving instructions to the Sucofindo personnel during
sampling, calling to check that the coal samples arrived at the laboratory in
Batulicin, being informed of the test results, obtaining updates on the
loading process from the Sucofindo personnel involved, and checking the
Sucofindo Report against time sheets provided by the Sucofindo personnel who
had collected the samples. In other words, he could not testify as to whether
the statements contained in the Sucofindo Report about the quality of the coal
shipped on board the Vessel and discharged at Karachi were true – he had no
first-hand knowledge at all. This is unlike what the investigating officer did
in _Satar_ who in fact checked the numbers on the list against the actual bank
notes. Therefore, the Sucofindo Report is hearsay evidence.

The defendants’ reliance on s 32(1)(b)(iv)

85 Next, the defendants’ argue that the Sucofindo Report is admissible under s
32(1)(_b_)(iv) of the EA. In their submissions, the defendants rely
principally on two things: (1) the amendments to s 32(1)(_b_) in 2012, where
it was made clear that the statements made pursuant to s 32(1)(_b_) included
statements made based on information supplied by other persons; and (2) the
High Court decision of _Press Automation Technology Pte Ltd v Translink
Exhibition Forwarding Pte Ltd_ [2003] 1 SLR(R) 712 (“ _Press Automation_ ”).

86 Turning first to _Press Automation_ , the issue there was whether a survey
report which incorporated a verbal inspection report was admissible without
the person who made the verbal inspection report being called to testify. The
plaintiff there relied, _inter alia_ , on the previous s 32(1)(_b_) in the EA
(“the old s 32(1)(_b_)”), which read:

**32\. Statements, written or verbal, of relevant facts made by a person who
is dead or who cannot be found, ... are themselves relevant facts in the
following cases:**

...

(b) when the statement was made by such person in the ordinary course of
business, and in particular when it consists of any entry or memorandum made
by him in books kept in the ordinary course of business or in the discharge of
professional duty, or of an acknowledgment written or signed by him of the
receipt of money goods, securities or property of any kind, or of a document
used in commerce, written or signed by him, or of the date of a letter or
other document usually dated, written or signed by him;...

87 Judith Prakash J held that because the verbal inspection report was made in
the ordinary course of business and the making of the survey report was done
as part of the maker’s ordinary duties, the report should be admissible
pursuant to the old s 32(1)(_b_). Prakash J further held that the survey
report was admissible for another reason. The defendant there had waived its
right to object to the admissibility of the survey report by agreeing that it
should be included as part of the Agreed Bundle without making any
reservations on admissibility, with the effect that the report would be
admissible without formal proof.

88 The defendants submit that the circumstances surrounding the admission of
the Sucofindo Report were similar to that in _Press Automation_. Here, Nonot
testified that he had verified the sampling and analysis process with the
Sucofindo survey and laboratory personnel. The sampling of the coal and the
testing of the samples were done in the ordinary course of business, and the
making of the Sucofindo Report was done as part of Nonot’s ordinary duties.

89 On the other hand, Gimpex submits that the Court of Appeal decision in
_Vaynar Suppiah & Sons v Abdul Rahim K M A and Another_ [1974–1976] SLR(R) 112
(“ _Vaynar_ ”) held that the old s 32(1)(_b_) only applied to: (1) reports
made in the course of business which were prepared first-hand by a person with
knowledge of the truth of the contents of the report; and (2) only to
statements of facts made by experts in the course of business and not to
statements of opinion. In so far as _Press Automation_ is contrary to the
holdings in _Vaynar_ , it ought not to be accepted, since _Press Automation_
was a High Court decision which did not consider the Court of Appeal decision
in _Vaynar_. Furthermore, Gimpex submitted that the Sucofindo Report consisted
of statements of opinion, and that in making the Report Nonot did not have
personal knowledge of the information required to give those opinions stated
in the Report.

90 Be that as it may, the cases above were decided under the previous version
of s 32, which does not concern us here. The current s 32(1)(_b_) expressly
includes, “a statement made in a document that is, or forms part of, a record
compiled by a person acting in the ordinary course of a trade, business,
profession or other occupation _based on information supplied by other
persons_ ” [emphasis added]. It would appear that Gimpex’s objection that the
Sucofindo Report was made by a person without personal knowledge of the
information required to make the report can no longer hold good in light of
the current provision.

91 It was clear from the Explanatory Statement to the Bill which eventually
was enacted as EA(A) 2012 that s 32 was amended, “to expand the scope of
existing exceptions, _especially the exception for statements made in the
course of a trade, business, profession or other occupation_ ” [emphasis
added]. We should add that the expansion of the scope of s 32(1)(_b_) was also
discussed in greater detail in the Ministry of Law draft consultation paper in
relation to the Bill (“the Consultation Paper”).

92 As background, the Consultation Paper noted (at p 8) that the Law Reform
Committee, Singapore Academy of Law, _Report of the Law Reform Committee on
Reform of Admissibility of Hearsay Evidence in Civil Proceedings_ (May 2007)
at para 15 (Chairman: Philip Jeyaretnam SC) (“the _Law Reform Committee
Report_ ”) critiqued the old s 32(1)(_b_) for being limited in the following
ways:

(a) The exception is confined to first-hand reports made by the transactor
himself. It does not apply to business records compiled by a third-party
record keeper from information supplied by a transactor.

(b) It is unclear whether the exception applies to composite business reports.

(c) As applied to expert reports, the exception is limited to statements of
fact (as opposed to opinion) made by the experts in the course of business.

The Consultation Paper stated that the intention of the draft Bill was to (at
pp 8–9):

… _remove these technical limitations to the scope of the “business statement”
exception_ , and to allow a court the discretion to admit all business records
produced in the ordinary course of business which appear prima facie authentic
(see section 32(1)(_b_) of the Draft Bill). … It would remain open to the
party against whom such evidence is raised to challenge the weight which
should be attributed to such evidence. Further, the court’s discretion to
decline to admit such hearsay evidence would also apply to business
statements. [emphasis added]

93 It is also apposite to note that the limitations of the old s 32(1)(_b_) as
mentioned in the _Law Reform Committee Report_ , were made with reference to
the decision in _Vaynar_ (see the _Law Reform Committee Report_ at para 15).
In fact, that report stated that the position on the admissibility of
“composite business reports” was still unclear despite the decision of _Press
Automation_ (_ibid_). There is, therefore, cause to believe that the scope of
the current s 32(1)(_b_) is meant to remove the limitations under the old law
set out in _Vaynar_.

94 We would observe that s 32(1)(_b_)(iv) appears to be a new sub-provision
which was not there in the old s 32(1)(_b_). However, on the face of it, s
32(1)(_b_)(iv) does not purport to alter the scope of the admissibility of
business documents apart from making it absolutely clear that business records
would also fall within the exception to the hearsay rule. This is evidenced by
the _Parliamentary Debate_ on the Bill (see above at [76]) where the Minister
had expressly stated that, “[t]he business records exception in section 32(b)
[_sic_] is extended”. However, the real extension of the scope of this
exception to the hearsay rule would appear to lie in the last phrase of s
32(1)(_b_), “based on information supplied by other persons”, which qualifies
all sub-paragraphs (i) to (iv) of s 32(1)(_b_). This phrase is commented on by
Professor Jeffrey Pinsler SC (“Prof Pinsler”) in his work, _Evidence and the
Litigation Process_ (LexisNexis, 4th Ed, 2013) (“ _Pinsler_ ”), in the context
of s 32(1)(_b_)(iv), as follows (at para 6.008):

The term ‘record’ is not defined in the EA. It may consist of a single
document which includes information or two or more documents which contain
information. In any event, it must be compiled by a person in the ordinary
course of his trade, business, profession or other occupation. _There is no
express requirement that the compiler and the persons who supplied the
information included in the record must have personal knowledge of that
information._ Therefore, s 32(1)(b)(iv) is broader than the repealed s 272 of
the current CPC (and its predecessor, s 380 of the former CPC), which required
the supplier of information to have, or to be reasonably supposed to have had,
personal knowledge concerning the facts. Moreover, where the supplier of
information was merely an intermediary (as when he received information from
another supplier of information, who might have been an intermediary himself),
the intermediary or intermediaries had to have been acting under a duty. _The
absence of these requirements in s 32(1)(b)(iv) means that hearsay upon
hearsay (multiple hearsay) to an unlimited degree may be admitted without
safeguards concerning the knowledge of the persons involved in transmitting
the information._ Furthermore, the condition in the repealed s 272 that direct
oral evidence of the facts would have been admissible (ie, the court could
have accepted direct testimony of the facts if it had been available) is also
absent from s 32(1)(b)(iv). Additionally, the protection in the repealed s
272, which precluded the admissibility of a statement in the record if the
person who supplied the information did so after the commencement of
investigations into the offence, has not been retained by s 32(1)(b)(iv).
_These omissions raise the real possibility that documentary records admitted
under s 32(1)(b)(iv) may be unreliable_ , a particular concern where the
accused has to face such evidence in criminal proceedings. … [emphasis added]

95 In the premises, we are of the view that the current s 32(1)(_b_)(iv) is
_prima facie_ broad enough to permit the admission of the Sucofindo Report for
the purposes of proving that the coal shipped on board the Vessel and
discharged at Karachi was of the quality stated in the report. However, this
is not the end of the matter. There is still s 32(3) which requires the court
to examine whether it should exercise its discretion to exclude the Sucofindo
Report in the interest of justice.

The defendants’ reliance on s 32(1)(j)

96 But before we consider how s 32(3) should be construed and applied, it may
be convenient for us to deal briefly with the parties submissions on the
admissibility of the Sucofindo Report based on s 32(1)(_j_)(iii) of the EA,
which is an exception to the hearsay rule where the maker of the statement “is
outside Singapore and it is not practicable to secure his attendance”. We
should add that s 32(1)(_j_) is a new addition to the EA pursuant to the EA(A)
2012. As explained in _Pinsler_ (at paras 6.028–6.029):

… [Section 32(1)(_j_)] is different from paras (a)–(h) of the section in two
main respects. First, its operation does not depend on a specific factual
scenario as in the case of the latter paragraphs. Second, its underlying
principle is that the witness’s statement is the best evidence available in
the face of his unavailability. In contrast, the availability of the maker as
a witness is not an issue for the purpose of admissibility pursuant to paras
(a)–(h) of s 32(1). As the only requirement for admissibility under s 32(1)(j)
is the unavailability of the maker of the statement as a witness, it is
essential that the ground put forward by the party seeking to admit the
statement is strictly proved by him. …

…

6.029 Whether the ground of unavailability relied upon is satisfied must
depend on the particular facts of the case. …

97 In light of the nature of s 32(1)(_j_), we agree with the views of Prof
Pinsler that the burden is on the person seeking to rely on s 32(1)(_j_) to
prove the ground of unavailability and that a mere allegation of
unavailability is not acceptable. This follows as a matter of reason and
logic. This was also the position under the old s 32(1), where the
unavailability of a witness was one of the conditions which had to be
fulfilled before any of the exceptions contained within the old s 32 could
even be engaged (see, _inter alia_ , _Jet Holdings Ltd and others v Cooper
Cameron (Singapore) Pte Ltd and another and other appeals_ [2006] 3 SLR(R)
769; and _Asia Hotel Investments Ltd v Starwood Asia Pacific Management Pte
Ltd and Another_ [2007] SGHC 50). In the present case, it is therefore
incumbent on the defendants to prove that they were entitled to invoke s
32(1)(_j_) to admit the Sucofindo Report.

98 As to what the defendants need to show in order to invoke s 32(1)(j), a
plain reading of the provision reveals that there are two cumulative
requirements: (1) that the witness is outside Singapore; and (2) that it is
not practicable to secure his attendance. The first requirement is obvious in
itself. The second requirement is less straightforward, in the sense that what
is “practicable” is open to interpretation and would depend on the
circumstances.

99 On the second requirement, Prof Colin Tapper (“Prof Tapper”) in _Cross and
Tapper on Evidence_ (LexisNexis, 12th Ed, 2010) observed with regard to s
116(2)(c) of the Criminal Justice Act 2003 (c 44) (UK) (“the CJA”) (which is
_in pari materia_ to s 32(1)(_j_)(iii) of the EA) (at p 607) that:

… The second condition, however, refers not to inability to attend, but to
_secure_ attendance, and may be satisfied by the recalcitrance of a witness
outside the United Kingdom. Reasonable practicality implies assessing the
likely effectiveness of taking normal steps to secure the attendance of the
witness, and considering in relation to such a judgment the importance of the
evidence, the degree of prejudice to the defence if it is admitted, and the
expense and inconvenience involved in securing attendance. … [emphasis in
original]

100 The defendants’ submissions also referred, in reliance on the case of _R v
Castillo_ [1996] 1 Cr App Rep 438 (which concerned the previous incarnation of
s 116(2)(c) of the CJA), to these various considerations alluded to by Prof
Tapper. They averred that 30 surveyors were involved in the survey project.
They were from Indonesia, and it would not have been reasonably practicable to
have them testify at the trial. Furthermore, the surveyors would not have been
able to provide any useful testimony on Gimpex’s pleaded case that the coal
sampled by Sucofindo was not shipped on board the Vessel and was not the coal
that was discharged in Karachi. In addition, Unity had requested for the
contact details of these 30 surveyors but was informed by Sucofindo that most
of them had resigned and were no longer contactable. The defendants submit
that the fact that the witness in question has left the employ of the party
seeking to admit the evidence, is a factor that points to it being
impracticable for the witness to be produced (see the English High Court
decision of _Elafonissos Fishing and Shipping Company v Aigaion Insurance
Company SA_ [2012] EWHC 1512 (Comm) at [5]). Finally, the defendants also
stated that they had in their Notice to Admit Documentary Hearsay Evidence
dated 29 April 2013 (“the defendants’ Notice to Admit”) set out the names of
27 of the surveyors.

101 We make a number of observations with regard the defendants’ submissions.
First, the defendants appear to have failed to place sufficient importance on
the testimony of the surveyors in admitting the Sucofindo Report for the
purpose of showing that the coal shipped on board the Vessel and discharged at
Karachi was of the requisite quality. The evidence of how the coal was sampled
was crucial in determining whether the Sucofindo Report was accurate as to the
quality of the coal which the defendants alleged was shipped on board the
Vessel and discharged at Karachi. It is a critical piece of document for the
present action. Secondly, while we agree that the witnesses having resigned
from Sucofindo is a relevant factor to consider, this does not necessarily
suggest that they are no longer contactable. Evidence as to how they were
previously contacted and what efforts had been made to contact them would have
been more germane. Thirdly, while we appreciate that this may be a result of
loose drafting, to say that the witnesses were from Indonesia is equivocal.
The issue is whether the witnesses are outside Singapore; where they came from
is irrelevant. Lastly, the setting out of the names of the surveyors in the
defendants’ Notice to Admit would not overcome the deficiencies of the
defendants’ case. The setting out of the names was but a procedural
_requirement_ under s 32(4)(b) and O 38 r 4 of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R
5, 2006 Rev Ed) (“the Rules of Court”), which the defendants had to comply
with in order to even attempt to adduce hearsay evidence under s 32 and this
will be further analysed below at [135]–[141].

102 Given that the burden was on the defendants to prove their case for
admissibility of the Sucofindo Report under s 32(1)(_j_)(iii), and in light of
the inadequate evidence adduced in that regard, we find that the Sucofindo
Report should not be admitted pursuant to s 32(1)(_j_)(iii). However, given
our earlier findings as regards s 32(1)(_b_)(iv) (see [81] to [91] above), our
holding here is not determinative of the admissibility of the Sucofindo
Report.

Section 32(3) of the EA

103 The fact that a document is admissible under s 32(1) of the EA is not the
end of the matter. Section 32(3) of the EA must also be considered; it reads:

A statement which is otherwise relevant under subsection (1) shall not be
relevant if the court is of the view that it would not be in the interests of
justice to treat it as relevant.

The purpose of s 32(3) as understood from the Minister’s speech in the
_Parliamentary Debates_ appears to be a balancing counter to the potential
increase in the admission of hearsay evidence due to the amendments made in
the EA(A) 2012, which (as mentioned earlier at [77]) were enacted to
“introduce more flexible exceptions”, while giving the courts a “residual
discretion to exclude hearsay evidence in the interests of justice”.

104 In this regard, the application of s 32(3) must be considered especially
for evidence admitted pursuant to s 32(1)(_b_), the scope of which was
expressly stated by the Minister to have been expanded (see above at [91]).
The expanded scope dispenses with the requirements under the previous s
32(1)(_b_) for the maker of the statement to have personal knowledge of the
facts contained in the statement and that the direct oral evidence of the
facts must have been admissible, and therefore “raise the possibility that
documentary records admitted under s 32(1)(b)(iv) may be unreliable” (see
_Pinsler_ at para 6.008).

105 Prof Pinsler in “Admissibility and the Discretion to Exclude Evidence: In
Search of a Systematic Approach” (2013) 25 SAcLJ 215 (“ _Pinsler (SAcLJ)_ ”),
analysed the theoretical basis of s 32(3) of the EA, and helpfully proposed
the following (at para 30):

As the word “relevant” is used in the EA to express the admissibility of a
fact, it must be assumed that this is the meaning intended by [s 32(3)]. It is
clear that [s 32(3) confers] upon the court a discretion to exclude the
hearsay statement … if its admissibility would not be in the interests of
justice. The terminology does raise conceptual and practical concerns. First
as s 5 of the EA (which is the sole pillar of the admissibility scheme)
declares the admissibility of the facts set out in [s 32(1)], their status is
established once and for all. By empowering the courts to reverse their status
(by deciding that the statement … “shall not be relevant”), [s 32(3)] creates
a legal fiction to the effect that those facts were never relevant
(admissible) or somehow lost their relevancy (status of admissibility)
pursuant to the court’s discretion. The second point is related to the first.
One must assume that the provisions of the EA … were drafted with a view to
the interests of justice. Therefore, as a matter of principle, how is it that
the court should be entitled to decide that the admissibility of facts within
the scope of [s 32(1)] would not be in the interests of justice? _The real
issue here is not whether the status of admissible evidence might somehow be
converted to inadmissible evidence at the pleasure of the court, but whether
admissible evidence (its status as admissible evidence does not change) should
nevertheless be excluded because of other countervailing factors that outweigh
or override its value (its benefit to the process of adjudication) to the
case_. While the effect of the exclusion of admissible evidence would be the
same as if it had been regarded as inadmissible, the distinction between the
two approaches is vital to the balancing operation just referred to. Moreover,
in exercising its discretion to exclude admissible evidence as opposed to
reversing the effect of s 5 of the EA, the court would not interfere with the
scheme of admissibility of the EA. [emphasis added]

We agree with Prof Pinsler’s view that the issue in applying s 32(3) is
whether admissible evidence should be excluded because other countervailing
factors outweigh the benefit of the having the evidence admitted.

(1) The considerations to be taken into account by the court

106 Turning now to the question of the application of s 32(3), we note that
Prof Pinsler (in _Pinsler_ at para 6.052), observed that, “[i]t is immediately
noticeable that there are no criteria to guide the court” as to how s 32(3)
ought to be applied. He then suggested some factors which the court could take
into consideration in determining whether a relevant statement should
nevertheless be excluded under s 32(3) (_ibid_):

Ideally, the court would balance the significance of the evidence (its
probative value or importance to one or more of the issues) against any
factors that militate against its admission. That is, the admissible evidence
may be excluded if it does not justify the disadvantages that would result
from its admission. Such disadvantage would include the danger of
unreliability or other harm which might compromise fair adjudication,
additional costs (as when a hearsay statement is not necessary because it
essentially duplicates other evidence in the case), delay in the proceedings
(where additional time is needed to adduce the evidence or the proceedings
have to be postponed), the distraction of the court and/or the parties (where
the evidence raises collateral issues that require undue attention), its
tendency to confuse or its misleading effect (as when there are doubts about
authenticity and good faith), lack of reliability (where the circumstances of
the author of a statement or in which the statement was made raise concerns
about its truthfulness) and prejudice (in the sense of evidence that would
have the effect of being substantively unjust or procedurally oppressive). It
seems to be clear that the less significant or probative the statement, the
less forceful the countervailing factors would need to be to justify
exclusion. Nevertheless, as the evidence is declared to be admissible by s
32(1) of the EA, the court should not normally exercise its discretion to
exclude the statement unless the countervailing factors clearly outweigh the
benefit that would be gained by its admission.

107 Prof Pinsler in _Pinsler (SAcLJ)_ further opined that the terminology of
“in the interest of justice” used in s 32(3) was broad, and it would therefore
“be of considerable assistance to the court if ss 32(3) … were to include a
list of considerations that (the court) might take into account in determining
whether to exercise its discretion to exclude” (at para 31). He then proceeded
to note that this was the approach taken in a number of jurisdictions such as
the United States of America (see r 403 of the Federal Rules of Evidence
(2015)), Australia (see s 135 of the Evidence Act 1995 (Act No 2 of 1995
(Cth)), and the United Kingdom (see s 126(1) and s 114(2) of the CJA).

108 We are largely in agreement with Prof Pinsler’s suggestions, and also
accept that the factors which he set out (see [103] above) are germane and
appropriate as a _general_ basis from which the court may go about its
analysis when deciding whether to exercise its discretion to exclude otherwise
admissible evidence pursuant to s 32(3) of the EA. Indeed, the factors he set
out are based on good sense, having due regard to the purposes of admitting
hearsay evidence in order to promote the objectives of the trial process. They
are of a sufficient level of generality that could be applicable to the
different circumstances that could arise on the particular facts of each case,
although we supplement this with a caution that it is not necessary that all
the factors _must_ be considered in each case; the myriad of possible fact
circumstances would throw up situations where only some of the factors may be
relevant, but where relevant, those factors should be taken into account by
the court when exercising its discretion under s 32(3). In addition, we note
that the factors were largely consonant with the list of considerations found
in the various foreign jurisdictions referred to in the preceding paragraph.

109 In particular, we think that where the hearsay evidence sought to be
admitted is of limited probative value, such evidence should properly be
excluded. The effect of this is that the party seeking the admission of the
hearsay evidence must be able to show the court that there were certain
safeguards or measures that applied to that evidence which would ensure a
minimal degree of reliability. Of course, the court in doing so must bear in
mind the fine line between a decision not to admit hearsay evidence (under s
32(3)) and a decision to admit the hearsay evidence but to accord it less
weight (under s 32(5)). The court should not normally exercise its discretion
to exclude evidence that is declared to be admissible by the EA.

110 For completeness, we observe that Prof Pinsler in _Pinsler (SAcLJ)_ has
commented that s 32(3) does not distinguish between criminal and civil
proceedings. Whilst this is not material to the appeals before us, we note
that the learned author’s view in that regard has a degree of merit, and
should constitute one of the considerations for a court to take into account
in exercising its discretion under s 32(3). However, we will leave a
definitive ruling on this specific issue to the next case that requires a
definitive ruling on this.

(2) The considerations applied to the facts

111 It is not in doubt that the Sucofindo Report had very significant
importance for the defendants’ case in relation to the fact in issue, namely,
whether the quality of the coal loaded onto the Vessel and shipped to Karachi
met the contractual specifications. Weighed against that, as submitted by
Gimpex, is the fact that the Sucofindo Report was unreliable, and had the
tendency to confuse or mislead.

112 Gimpex relies on the Judge’s findings that the Sucofindo Report was not
accurate and reliable (see above at [45] and on the Judge’s finding that the
coal that was sampled at the jetty and on the barges was not actually loaded
onto the Vessel (see above at [47]). This meant that even if the Sucofindo
Report reflected the true quality of the coal that was sampled when loaded
from the jetty to the barges, this was irrelevant to the issue of the quality
of the coal that was loaded onto the Vessel.

(A) The Judge’s findings on the reliability of the Sucofindo Report

113 The defendants challenge the Judge’s findings that the Sucofindo Report
was not accurate and reliable. The Judge’s first and second findings (see [43]
above) show that the Sucofindo Report was not clear whether it covered the
sampling of the coal when the coal was being loaded from the jetty onto the
barges. The defendants sought to construe the Sucofindo Report using various
methods of interpretation to try to persuade us that the date of intervention
covered the dates when the coal was being loaded from the barges onto the
Vessel. However, this was not the Judge’s point. Her issue with the Sucofindo
Report was that it was simply _prima facie_ misleading.

114 Those findings were closely related to the Judge’s third finding, that the
Sucofindo Report was misleading because of the deliberate removal of the words
“of barge”, which gave the reader the wrong impression that the samples of the
coal were taken while the coal was being loaded onto the Vessel and that this
loading was done on 8 April 2010\. Nevertheless, the defendants argue that the
Sucofindo Report could not have been misleading, at least in so far as Gimpex
and Awan were concerned. This was because the sampling of the coal at the
second and third stage of loading was explained in an email from Nonot to
Awan, which Awan then forwarded to Gimpex.

115 However, it is this same email which justifies the Judge’s finding that
the removal of the words “of barge” from the Sucofindo Report was misleading.
After Nonot had explained the sampling process to Awan, he proceeded to
mention that:

We also put information that sample “Gross sample were taken during barge
loading” at our draft Certificate of Sampling Analysis which I sent to your
shipper last night (draft certificate attached) since we are taken sample
during loading to the barge.

Bad English aside, this shows that Nonot himself recognised that it was
important to make clear that sampling was done while the coal was being loaded
onto the barges. This contradicted Nonot’s attempted explanation that the
removal of the two words “of barges” did not change the meaning in the
Sucofindo Report. It is also pertinent to note that Nonot removed the two
words at the request of the “shipper”. With the benefit of much explanation,
it is now apparent that sampling of the coal did take place during loading of
the barges. But what all these show is that Sucofindo was all too willing to
make alterations to its report at the request of the defendants (who obviously
wanted the change because it suited them) without regard to what was the true
position. Moreover, the confusion as to the dates on the Sucofindo Report (see
[45] above) shows sloppiness on the part of Sucofindo in its preparation. It
is also not clear whether the results obtained were the results of analysis of
the samples obtained while the coal was being loaded from the jetty onto the
barges or of the samples taken while the coal was being loaded from the barges
onto the vessel or were they the results of the combination of both categories
of samples. All these questions go towards showing the unreliability of the
Sucofindo Report. As the Contract envisaged that the report was binding on the
parties to some extent, it is vital that it should be prepared with care to
ensure reliability. This was obviously missing in the Sucofindo Report.

116 A related point concerned the Judge’s finding that the coal that was
sampled at Sungai Putting and on the barges was not actually loaded onto the
Vessel. Given that one possible way of challenging the probative value of the
Sucofindo Report in proving the quality of the coal shipped on board the
Vessel and discharged at Karachi was to show that the coal that was tested by
Sucofindo at Sungai Putting was not the same coal that was loaded onto the
Vessel, we understand why the defendants wanted to have the words “of barge”
deleted from the Sucofindo Report.

(B) The Judge’s finding that the coal loaded onto the barges was not the coal
loaded onto the Vessel

117 Moving on to the issue of whether the coal loaded onto the barges was the
coal that was being loaded onto the Vessel, the defendants did not quite
address what is, in our view, the Judge’s most important reason for answering
that issue in the negative. The Judge accepted Norager’s evidence that the
value for the TM in the Sucofindo Report of 18% was suspicious. Norager had
calculated the weighted average TM of the coal in the five barges based on the
various Barge Reports to be 19%. This was 1% above the figure of 18% in the
Sucofindo Report. This discrepancy was even more surprising given the fact
that there were at least five stoppages due to rain during the loading of the
coal from the barges onto the Vessel. In particular, Norager’s view was that
the TM of the coal loaded from Batulicin was too low because there were at
least three stoppages due to heavy rains during the time of loading of the
coal onto the barges at Batulicin which commenced on 4 April 2010. If
anything, the TM should have been higher than 19%.[note: 15]

118 The defendants’ expert, Gunn, also calculated the TM of the coal to be 19%
based on the Barge Reports. He explained that the 1% difference was not
significant and could have been caused when the coal at Sungai Putting was
being loaded from the jetty to the barges via conveyor belt and exposed to
more rainfall. Norager’s response was that a difference of 1% of TM was not
insignificant because the difference in weight of the coal on account of that
1% of moisture would be 415MT (or 415m3 of water). Moreover, he felt that the
effect of the exposure on the conveyor belt was overstated because that also
meant that the coal on the conveyor had more exposure to the sun as well. We
also note that Gunn’s explanations did not explain why the TM stated in the
Sucofindo Certificate did not reflect the heavy rain during the loading of the
coal onto the Vessel.

119 There are of course two possible explanations as to why the coal loaded
from the jetty onto the barges was not the same coal that was loaded from the
barges onto the Vessel. One is that the defendants fraudulently swapped the
barges with other barges containing low quality coal, and the other is that by
an accident or misfortune, the coal on wrong barges was inadvertently loaded
onto the Vessel. However, regardless of which might be the true cause, the
fact of the matter is that the coal which was sampled by Sucofindo at Sungai
Putting might not be the same coal that was loaded onto the Vessel.

120 For these reasons, we find that the Sucofindo Report had serious issues
concerning its reliability. The defendants have not managed to produce
evidence that sufficiently assures us that there is a minimal degree of
reliability in the Sucofindo Report. We therefore find it in the interest of
justice not to admit the Sucofindo Report into evidence pursuant to s 32(3) of
the EA.

121 Again, for completeness, we ought to mention that the Judge had noted
certain circumstances which suggested that the defendants had something to
hide in relation to the quality of the coal loaded onto the Vessel. These
included her scepticism concerning why the defendants refused Gimpex’s
proposal to conduct a joint inspection of the coal, and why Unity (besides
being in breach of the Contract) disallowed SCCI to witness the sampling of
the coal. We share the Judge’s concerns and will address these issues more
fully in a moment when analysing the Unlawful Means Conspiracy Claim (see
[170]–[173] and [181]–[182] below).

The admissibility of the Intertek Report

122 Gimpex relies on the Intertek Report in order to show that _the coal
delivered_ to it had a GCV of 5,638.86Kcal/Kg and a TM of 26.44% and was
therefore outside of the contractual specifications. Accordingly, Gimpex was
within its rights to reject the delivery of the coal as provided for under Art
6 of the Contract.

123 The Intertek Report was adduced by the affidavit of Mr Balagurusamy
Nagamania Pillai Shakara Subramaniam (“Shankar”), the legal manager of Gimpex.
However, the people involved in the sampling, testing, and preparation of the
Intertek Report, (_ie_ , those who could prove the truth of the statements in
the Intertek Report regarding the quality of the coal), did not testify. It
was undisputed that the Intertek Report was hearsay evidence and Gimpex sought
to admit the Intertek Report under s 32(1)(_j_)(iii) and/or s 32(1)(_j_)(iv)
of the EA.

Gimpex’s reliance on s 32(1)(j)

124 In his affidavit, Shankar explained that the Intertek personnel involved
in sampling and testing the Cargo were unwilling to testify in court. At the
trial, counsel for Gimpex, Philip Tay (“Mr Tay”), also produced an email which
includes a statement from the Intertek Director and Chief Executive Officer,
Shahid Salim, explaining why Intertek was not willing to give evidence before
a Singapore court.[note: 16] Some of the reasons given were that Intertek was
not commissioned by Gimpex to conduct the survey and report; that it was
Intertek’s policy and code of conduct not to “disburse the report to anyone
but the nominating company/person”; and that it was not Intertek’s policy to
side a party in a lawsuit or appear as an expert witness for that party.

125 It appears that the Judge could have overlooked this email when she held
that there was no evidence to “show what steps [Gimpex] had taken to persuade
the surveyor in question to come to Singapore to testify at this trial” (see
[206] of the GD), and she decided not to admit the Intertek Report under s
32(1)(_j_).

126 Apart from the email itself, there was also some evidence in relation to
this issue given by Shankar at trial. In cross-examination, Shankar was asked
whether he contacted Awan “to request that [Awan] speak to Intertek and ask
Intertek to appear in this Court to give evidence”. Shankar’s reply appeared
to be no, but this was not clear on the face of the transcripts of the
hearing. Later on in re-examination, Mr Tay followed up on that question, by
asking why Shankar did not ask Awan to request Intertek to come and give
evidence. Shankar’s evidence was that this was because “Awan rejected the
cargo”, and then later stated that he could not remember. Mr Tay pressed
Shankar on this point, and asked Shankar why the fact that Awan rejected the
cargo would stop him from asking Awan to ask Intertek to come to Singapore. At
that point in time, Shankar’s answer was that there was no specific reason,
and he simply contacted Intertek. In addition, Shankar gave evidence that he
had followed up on the attempt to ask Intertek to give evidence in Singapore
by talking to them, but his attempts were rebuffed.[note: 17]

127 In our view, the email produced by Gimpex, and the evidence given by
Shankar at the trial, was evidence of Gimpex’s attempts at procuring the
attendance of the witnesses at trial, and the witnesses refusing its request.
We find that this is sufficient for the Intertek Report to be admitted under s
32(1)(_j_)(iv) of the EA given that the current scheme of admissibility of
hearsay evidence under the EA envisages a broader scope for admissibility
which is balanced by the exclusionary discretion of such evidence under s
32(3).

Application of s 32(3) and s 32(5) of the EA to the Intertek Report

128 The defendants submit that the Intertek Report was so unreliable that its
admission should be excluded pursuant to s 32(3), or if not, little weight
should be given to it pursuant to s 32(5). We note that at trial, the Intertek
Report was not challenged by the defendants with expert evidence. However, the
defendants now argue that the number of samples of coal taken by Intertek for
analysis was grossly inadequate. The Intertek Report indicates that only 55
samples of coal were taken by Intertek in coming up with that report as
compared with the ASTM sampling standards which prescribe a minimum of 225
samples for 41,510MT of coal. Norager’s evidence under cross-examination was
also that a minimum number of 226 samples should be taken.

129 On balance, taking into account the considerations that we have stated
earlier (at [103]), we do not think that this rendered the Intertek Report _so
unreliable_ that the court should exclude it under s 32(3). While we felt that
more could have been done to procure Intertek’s cooperation to give evidence,
there was perhaps a limit to what Gimpex could do. Shankar’s evidence was not
the most illuminating, but the sense of it is that Gimpex had tried their
level best to get Intertek to come forward to give evidence. If anything, the
main criticism against Gimpex was that it should have obtained the help of
Awan in getting Intertek to give evidence. Shankar’s explanation for not doing
so was that Awan had rejected the coal. Implicit in this answer was the
suggestion that Awan would not want to have anything to do with the dispute
between the parties anymore. This could well have been the case seeing that
FZC (an associate company of Awan) eventually purchased the coal discharged at
Karachi from the defendants at a much lower price (see [32] above).

130 Bearing in mind what we have stated earlier (at [108]) that the court
should carefully consider whether evidence should not be admitted under s
32(3) or should be admitted under s 32(5) but accorded less weight, we are of
the view that the Intertek Report, unlike the Sucofindo Report, was not so
deficient that it should be excluded pursuant to s 32(3). The fact of the
matter is that, in so far as the Intertek Report is concerned, apart from
there being an inadequate number of samples taken in producing the Intertek
Report, there was no other complaint that could be raised against it. Indeed,
that was the only challenge against the Intertek Report’s reliability raised
by the defendants. The Intertek Report did not suffer from the same defects as
those of the Sucofindo Report. There was no proof or, indeed, any allegation
that the Intertek Report was tampered with and neither did the defendants take
issue with the fact that the coal discharged at Karachi was not the coal that
was sampled in preparing the Intertek Report. All in all, the countervailing
factors against the admission of the Intertek Report do not clearly outweigh
the benefit that would be gained by its admission.

131 However, we note that s 32(5) of the EA requires the court to assign the
appropriate weight to the evidence admitted under s 32(1). In light of the
fact that the sampling size for the coal should have been significantly more
than what was indicated in the Intertek Report, we hold that the Intertek
Report should be accorded less weight.

The admissibility of the Inspectorate Report

Was it hearsay evidence?

132 Like the Intertek Report, Gimpex also relies on the Inspectorate Report in
order to prove that the _coal delivered_ to it was outside of the contractual
specifications, such that it was lawful for Gimpex to reject delivery of the
goods as provided for under Art 6 of the Contract.

133 Gimpex submits that the Inspectorate Report was not hearsay evidence as
Majeed and Mallik had direct knowledge of the samples and tests and were the
makers of the Inspectorate Report. Gimpex further juxtaposed the situation of
the Inspectorate Report with that of the Sucofindo Report, and Nonot’s
evidence, in that regard.

134 However, this does not cure the defect in Mallik’s evidence as was found
by the Judge. Mallik’s evidence was that he neither carried out the tests on
the coal himself nor visually supervised the chemists who did. He also could
not confirm that the coal sampled in the laboratory he was in charge of came
from the Vessel. We therefore affirm the Judge’s finding that the Inspectorate
Report was hearsay evidence.

The requirement for notification

135 As mentioned earlier at [76]–[78], an additional safeguard is prescribed
in s 32(4)(_b_) (in light of the expanded scope of the admission of hearsay
evidence under s 32), requiring a party who wishes to admit hearsay evidence
under s 32(1) (apart from s 32(1)(_k_)), to give notice of this to the
opposing party.

136 Section 32(4)(_b_) is to be read with O 38 r 4 of the Rules of Court,
which sets out the procedure and the prescribed form for the notice, the
details of which are not material in these appeals. What is not as clear but
is important for the present purposes is the consequence of a failure to give
notice under O 38 r 4, as the latter is silent on it. Gimpex only fulfilled
the notice requirements to admit the Intertek Report but not the Inspectorate
Report. We observe that this issue was not raised at all by the defendants.

137 As a matter of plain construction, it must follow that non-compliance with
O 38 r 4 of the Rules of Court would mean that s 32(4) of the EA is not
satisfied, such that “evidence _may not be given_ under [s 32(1)]” [emphasis
added]. Of course, that is not to say that the non-compliance with O 38 r 4
cannot be cured subsequently. This also appears to be the view of Professor
Pinsler (in _Pinsler_ at para 6.046) who stated that:

… No doubt, a party can apply for an extension of time pursuant to [O 3 r 4]
and to cure an irregularity under [O 2].

138 The more difficult question is when and under what circumstances should a
court exercise its discretion to cure such non-compliance. It seems to us that
this is ultimately a question much dependant on the extent to which the non-
compliance causes prejudice to the opposing party which would render it unfair
for the hearsay evidence to be admitted. As stated in _Pinsler_ (at para
6.042):

The purpose of notice is to enable the opposing party to carry out his own
investigation prior to the trial in order to ascertain its significance and
veracity and to secure information which may refute it or reduce its weight
(if necessary). The right of the opposing party to notice should be considered
in conjunction with the procedures under s 32C, which permit him to adduce
evidence concerning the credibility of the maker of the statement (and the
original supplier of information under s 32(1)(b)) and the reliability of the
statement.

139 The curing of any irregularity and/or non-compliance with O 38 r 4 must
also be considered in light of the court’s discretion pursuant to s 32(3) to
exclude evidence otherwise admissible under s 32(1). The various
considerations as set out above (at [106]) must be taken into account where
appropriate, and again, the issue of prejudice to the opposing party will
inevitably surface (see also _Pinsler_ at para 6.046).

140 We have noted the manner in which Gimpex had conducted its case in the
trial below, and it was clear to us that they took the position that the
Inspectorate Report was not hearsay evidence, it having been adduced through
the evidence of Majeed and Mallik. We recognise that it would have been more
prudent for Gimpex to have given the notice as an alternative position just in
case the court does not agree with its primary contention.

141 Be that as it may, it is difficult to see how the defendants were
prejudiced by this lack of notice. The defendants had indeed challenged the
evidence of Majeed and Mallik to the extent of showing that they had no
personal knowledge of some of the facts contained in the Inspectorate Report
that Gimpex sought to rely on to prove that the coal discharged at Karachi did
not meet the contractual specifications. They took full advantage to discredit
the reliability of that report and sought to convince the court of the same.
When one looks at the position of the Inspectorate Report and compares it with
the Intertek report (where proper notice was given), the defendants in fact
had a better opportunity to demolish the Inspectorate Report than the Intertek
Report because Majeeb and Mallik were available for cross-examination by the
defendants. All considered, we think this is an appropriate instance for us to
exercise our discretion under O 2 to cure the non-compliance by Gimpex of O 38
r 4.

142 That being the case, we proceed to examine whether the Inspectorate Report
can be admitted under the relevant provisos in s 32(1) relied on by Gimpex.

Is the Inspectorate Report admissible under s 32(1)?

143 Gimpex’s submission was that the Inspectorate Report should be admissible
under s 32(1)(_j_)(iii) or (iv) of the EA because it had sought the attendance
of the relevant surveyors and laboratory personnel to give evidence in court
as evidenced by Shankar’s affidavit. There seems to be some confusion or a
mistake here. Shankar’s affidavit related only to the Intertek Report. There
was also no evidence suggesting that Gimpex had sought the attendance of the
persons who could supplement the testimony of Majeed and Mallik in order to
prove the truth of the contents of the Inspectorate Report; and neither was
there any evidence who those people might be.

144 We accept that parties might sometimes be faced with the problem of having
evidence they seek to adduce be adjudged as hearsay evidence notwithstanding
their best endeavours at procuring what they believe to be the necessary
witnesses to come forth and testify. In such situations, parties might be left
hanging when the ruling as to whether the evidence is hearsay goes against
them. Parties should therefore be alive to any such objections that may be
raised by their opponents, and should then consider carefully whether the
hearsay evidence they wish to admit falls within the scope of s 32(1), and if
so, under which proviso of s 32(1). Parties must be prepared with the
necessary evidence to satisfy the court to admit the hearsay evidence under
the relevant proviso of s 32(1).

145 Gimpex, however, was not so prepared. It failed to satisfy the court that
the Inspectorate Report fell within s 32(1)(_j_)(iii) or s 32(1)(_j_)(iv)
simply because there was no evidence to that effect. We therefore find that
the Inspectorate Report is inadmissible.

Was the coal delivered to Karachi within the contractual specifications?

146 Since the Intertek Report is admitted into evidence, only with less weight
to be accorded to it, we find that Gimpex has discharged the initial burden of
proving its case. The evidential burden would thus shift over to the
defendants. Since the Sucofindo Report is not admitted into evidence, we find
that the defendants have not managed to satisfy their evidential burden.

147 In this connection, it also follows that the defendants have failed to
prove their counterclaim against Gimpex as they have not discharged their
burden of showing that the coal delivered at Karachi was of the quality
specified under the Contract.

148 Accordingly, we dismiss the defendants’ appeal in CA 161/2013.

The claim for conspiracy

149 We now turn to consider the Unlawful Means Conspiracy Claim which was
dismissed by the Judge. In CA 160/2013, Gimpex is seeking to appeal that
decision, while attempting to put forward an alternative claim in lawful means
conspiracy.

150 The elements to constitute unlawful and lawful means conspiracy are set
out in _Nagase Singapore Pte Ltd v Ching Kai Huat and others_ [2008] 1 SLR(R)
80 (at [23]) as follows:

(a) A combination of two or more persons and an agreement between and amongst
them to do certain acts.

(b) If the conspiracy involves lawful acts, then the predominant purpose of
the conspirators must be to cause damage or injury to the plaintiff. However,
if the conspiracy involves unlawful means, then such predominant intention is
not required; an intention to cause harm to the plaintiff should suffice.

(c) The acts must actually be performed in furtherance of the agreement.

(d) Damage must be suffered by the plaintiff.

151 It was noted in _Asian Corporate Services (SEA) Pte Ltd v Eastwest
Management Ltd (Singapore Branch)_ [2006] 1 SLR(R) 901 (at [19]) that proof of
conspiracy will normally be inferred from objective facts (see also
_Visionhealthone Corp Pte Ltd v HD Holdings Pte Ltd_ [2013] SGCA 47 at [45]).

The Unlawful Means Conspiracy Claim

152 In order to prove the Unlawful Means Conspiracy Claims, Gimpex needs to
show that:

(a) the defendants committed fraud on Gimpex; and

(b) there was an agreement between Unity, Param Energy and Vinay to do so; and

(c) damage was suffered by Gimpex as a result.

Did the defendants commit fraud on Gimpex?

153 To establish fraud, it must be clearly pleaded and proved. Gimpex’s case
was that Vinay used Unity as a shell company to enter into the Contract with
Gimpex, knowing and intending for the Cargo to be of a grossly inferior
quality, while trying to obtain payment under the L/C before the grossly
inferior coal was discovered.

154 The following are the sub-issues which need to be addressed in relation to
Gimpex’s case for fraud:

(a) Was the Judge’s reason for not finding fraud because the defendants would
gain little to defraud Gimpex as Unity’s profit margin, if the transaction had
gone through smoothly, was only 1.83%, wrong?

(b) Did Gimpex make known to the defendants that it only wanted to deal with a
Singapore-incorporated company?

(c) Did the defendants represent to Gimpex that Unity was a Singapore company?

(d) Was Unity, a shell company, substituted to replace Param Energy as the
contracting party at the last minute?

(e) Did the defendants know that the coal was of an inferior quality and thus
rejected the request of Gimpex for joint inspection of the coal which was
discharged at Karachi?

(f) Did the defendants sell the coal to FZC at a low price because they knew
that the coal was of an inferior quality?

(g) Did the defendants fraudulently arrange with PT Planet, an entity
controlled by the defendants, to supply sub-quality coal to Gimpex?

(h) Did the defendants seek to hide the true quality of the coal by
disallowing SCCI from inspecting and drawing samples of the coal while it was
being loaded onto the Vessel?

155 We will deal with each sub-issue _seriatim_.

(1) The Judge’s finding that there was not much benefit for the defendants to
defraud Gimpex as Unity’s profit margin was only 1.83%

156 One of the reasons why the Judge found that there was no fraud was because
“[Unity]’s profit margin would only have been 1.83% if the transaction had
gone [through] smoothly (which evidence [Gimpex] did not challenge)”. There
was therefore little incentive for Vinay to defraud Gimpex.

157 With respect, the Judge’s finding on this point is not correct. If the
quality of the coal discharged at Karachi was actually much inferior to what
was contracted for, then the price which the defendants would have to pay for
the same would also be much lower. Based on the evidence of Gimpex’s expert
witness, Liang Yun, whose affidavit evidence was not challenged at trial, the
price of the quality of coal discharged at Karachi would be in the range of
US$38 per MT to US$44 per MT.[note: 18] Taking the median price of US$41 per
MT compared to the contract price of US$66 per MT, the profit margin would
have been US$25 per MT, which would amount to US$1,037,500 for 41,510MT of
coal. Thus the profit margin for Vinay in defrauding Gimpex would actually be
37.87%, a sufficient incentive indeed. This means that the defendants would
stand to earn 2,000% more than what they would have gained if no fraud was
perpetrated.

(2) Did Gimpex make it known to the defendants that it only wanted to deal
with a Singapore-incorporated company?

158 The Judge’s finding was that Gimpex did not make known to the defendants
that it only wanted to deal with a Singapore-incorporated company. While
Gimpex disputed this finding of the Judge, it sought to downplay the
importance of this finding by arguing that whether they made such an intention
known to the defendants is immaterial to their case.

159 Having considered the evidence, we affirm the Judge’s finding of fact (see
above at [50]) in this regard. We agree with the Judge that the mere inclusion
of Art 21 into the Contract, which stated a Singapore address as the
domicillium of Unity, would not amount to a substantiation of Gimpex’s
assertion that they had made known to Lalit/Vinay that Gimpex only wanted to
deal with a Singapore-incorporated company. There is nothing to prove this
apart from what was barely stated in Samir’s affidavit evidence.

160 In addition, we would also clarify that Gimpex’s submission that this
finding was immaterial to its case is not correct. Gimpex’s case is that the
defendants made Unity out to be a Singapore-incorporated company in order to
defraud Gimpex. However, unless Gimpex had actually made known its intention
to the defendants that it would only deal with a Singapore-incorporated
company, there would have been no need for the defendants to have tried to
masquerade Unity as a Singapore-incorporated company as alleged by Gimpex.
Without such an intention being made known by Gimpex to the defendants, all
that the defendants needed to do to defraud Gimpex would have been to ensure
that whichever corporate entity used by the defendants to enter into the
Contract with Gimpex was a separate legal entity that was devoid of assets so
that there could not be any enforcement against that corporate entity in
substance. The only possible reason why the defendants would make it seem as
if Unity was a Singapore-incorporated company, which is Gimpex’s case for
fraud, must be because Gimpex had made known to the defendants that it only
wanted to deal with a Singapore-incorporated company.

(3) Did the defendants represent that Unity was a Singapore company

161 The Judge found that there was not enough evidence to suggest that the
defendants had indeed represented to Gimpex that Unity was a Singapore
company. Gimpex was relying on Samir’s evidence that that was what was told to
him by the defendants. Gimpex also relied on the various references to
Singapore found in the Contract, including the choice of law and jurisdiction
clauses which referred to Singapore law and the Singapore courts respectively.
Gimpex also pointed to the fact that in the Contract, Unity’s address was
stated to be “33 Ubi Avenue 3 #07-12, Tower “B” Vertex, Singapore 408868”.

162 The defendants’ response was that the Singapore address in the Contract
was only for ease of communication and nothing more. They unsurprisingly
aligned themselves with the Judge, and submitted that they never intended to
represent to Gimpex that Unity was a Singapore-incorporated company. We would
further add that the fact that the Contract is subject to Singapore law as
well as the jurisdiction of the Singapore courts is neither here nor there.

163 Having considered the evidence and the arguments of the parties, we do not
think that there is a sufficient basis for this court to disturb the finding
of the Judge on this issue.

(4) Whether Unity is a shell company and was it substituted in place of Param
Energy as the contracting party at the last minute

164 There are two elements to this point. The first relates to Gimpex’s
allegation that Unity is a shell company, with the effect that it had no
assets for Gimpex to enforce against should Gimpex succeed against Unity in
its claims. It is undisputed that Unity is a BVI company. It is also admitted
by Vinay that Unity had no employees in Singapore.

165 However, the evidence adduced by various witnesses for the defendants is
that Unity has a substantial paid-up capital of US$8,213,750. Gimpex sought to
challenge this in cross-examination of Dev, and one Ajay Kumar (“Ajay”), who
was an employee of SMASL and was involved in the payment of the coal from PT
Planet to Berkah. Ajay’s evidence was that around US$7m of Unity’s paid-up
capital was invested in shares in PT Planet. Unity owned 99% of the shares in
PT Planet, with the remaining 1% being owned by Classic (which was itself a
24% shareholder of Unity). The money was then used by PT Planet to acquire
some mines in Kalimantan. Dev’s evidence was that Unity would be paid
dividends by PT Planet.

166 Gimpex challenged this evidence by suggesting to Dev that since the mines
were owned by PT Planet, any judgment debt could not be enforced against the
mines themselves. This is not disputed. However, Gimpex seems to have missed
the point. Even if Unity did not own the mines directly and the mines are
owned by PT Planet, then as a 99% shareholder of PT Planet, it would mean, in
a loose sense, that the mines are very much owned by Unity.

167 Therefore, we do not think that Unity was a shell company such that any
enforcement of a judgment debt against it would be pointless.

168 The second element of this submission is that Unity was swapped to replace
Param Energy as the contracting party at the last minute as part of the fraud
perpetrated by the defendants on Gimpex. However, as found by the Judge, it
was Gimpex (and not the defendants) who rejected the first draft contract
where Param Energy was to be the contracting party. The reason for Gimpex’s
rejection was because they did not want to provide a transferable L/C. But
this was entirely up to Gimpex. If Gimpex did not reject the draft contract in
the first place, Param Energy would not have been substituted by Unity. There
was also no evidence that the defendants somehow knew that Gimpex would not be
willing to provide a transferable L/C and therefore deliberately included that
as a term in the draft contract in anticipation of Gimpex’s refusal such that
they could carry out the swap.

169 We are therefore not persuaded by Gimpex’s submission in this regard.

(5) The defendants’ refusal to conduct the joint inspection

170 It is not disputed that Gimpex proposed to the defendants that a joint
inspection be conducted on the coal which arrived in Karachi, but the
defendants refused. Gimpex submits that this is because the defendants knew
that the coal shipped on board the Vessel was grossly off-specifications as a
result of the defendants’ fraudulent acts. There was no other reason why the
defendants would refuse a joint inspection as that would put to rest all
doubts over the quality of the coal, and that such an inference should be
drawn by the court from the defendants’ refusal.

171 The defendants’ response was that the Sucofindo Report was agreed to by
the parties to be final and binding, and so there was no further need to
conduct a joint inspection. Furthermore, Kishore’s experience in Karachi where
he witnessed the pilferage of the coal and received death threats made them
wary as to whether a joint inspection would be fair. This was not to say that
the court-appointed surveyor would be biased, as explained by Vinay. Instead,
the concern was that there was no knowing what Gimpex and/or Awan might have
done to the coal in the meantime. Any agreement by the defendants for a joint
inspection would only lend credibility to Gimpex’s allegation of manipulation
of the coal by the defendants.

172 The Judge did not agree with the defendants’ submission on this issue,
explaining that it was doubtful that threats were in fact made on Kishore’s
life, and that pilferage of the coal would make it all the more necessary for
a joint inspection to be conducted. While we decline to disturb the Judge’s
factual finding as to the credibility of Kishore’s evidence on the threats
made against him, we find that the defendants’ argument regarding the
pilferage is a fair one. We find that it was not entirely unreasonable for the
defendants to think that a joint inspection would not give a fair result given
that the coal was in Awan’s control and that Kishore had witnessed the
pilferage of the coal.

173 We would, however, add that in the reply by O&B to R&T, after R&T (on
behalf of Gimpex) proposed the joint inspection, the first (and only) response
by the defendants was that the joint inspection was pointless because Gimpex
having rejected the coal had nothing more to do with the coal (see above at
[29]–[30]). Apart from the fact that this was a self-serving statement which
assumed that the rejection of the coal was unlawful in the first place, the
defendants did not raise any of the arguments which they now rely on in that
reply email. This diminished the credibility of their reasons for rejecting
the joint inspection. But in fairness to the defendants, the facts supporting
these various reasons now raised by the defendants were included in the
earlier emails between O&B and R&T (see above at [28]). Therefore, we do not
think that the reasons given by the defendants were entirely an afterthought.
In that connection, we decline to draw the inference that the joint inspection
was rejected _only_ because the defendants _knew_ that the coal was of grossly
inferior quality and did not meet the contractual specifications.

(6) The sale of the coal to FZC at the low price

174 Gimpex submits that the fact that the defendants sold the coal to FZC at
US$48.63 per MT is itself damning on their case. Gimpex’s point is that if the
defendants were confident that the coal delivered at Karachi conformed to the
contractual specifications, there would be no reason for them to have sold the
coal at such a low price.

175 Vinay’s explanation for this was that he was left with no choice but to
sell the coal to FZC, which was an associate company of Awan. This was because
the coal was stored in Awan’s coal yard, and the defendants did not have any
control over the coal. The defendants also believed that the coal was being
pilfered, as witnessed by Kishore. Furthermore, the coal was being left out in
the open and its quality would likely deteriorate over time.

176 In the same vein as that relating to the defendants’ refusal of the
proposed joint inspection of the coal, we find that there was some basis for
the defendants’ concern in this regard. The fact that the coal was sold to an
associate company of Awan could be argued to be a circumstance which bolstered
the defendants’ case because it indicated that they were at their wits’ end
regarding the mitigation of their losses bearing in mind that the coal then
was no longer in their control.

(7) The missing Berkah contract

177 It is undisputed that the source of the Cargo supplied by Unity was PT
Planet, which in turn bought the coal from Berkah. Unity paid US$63.50 per MT
for the coal which suggests that the coal was of good quality.[note: 19]
Gimpex’s case is that it would be easy for Unity to collude with PT Planet to
enter into a contract with an inflated purchase price since PT Planet is owned
by Unity and Classic, and Vinay was a director of both Unity and PT Planet. If
there was a document which could show the true quality of the coal delivered
by Unity to Gimpex, it would have been the contract between PT Planet and
Berkah.

178 However, Vinay’s evidence in court was that they had lost their copy of
the contract because “we were shifting offices at that time”.[note: 20] When
pressed to give details on this shifting of office, Vinay could not do
so.[note: 21] Vinay was also cross-examined on whether there were any email
exchanges between Berkah and himself which could possibly shed light on the
quality of the coal purchased, but Vinay replied that there were none and
perhaps Lalit was the better person to ask. When Lalit took the stand, he gave
evidence that his contact in Berkah was one Raymond. He also said that he had
tried to contact Raymond subsequently to obtain a copy of the Berkah contract
but was unable to do so. He therefore on 11 Jan 2013 sent an email to PT
Planet to ask for the contract.[note: 22] In that email, the response from one
Doddy Purwana was that PT Planet was trying to get a copy of the Berkah
contract.

179 The defendants’ other response was to say that there was nothing sinister
at all for Unity to purchase coal from PT Planet, and for PT Planet in turn to
purchase coal from Berkah. They explained that the reason for Unity having
procured the coal via PT Planet was not to defraud anyone, but rather to
ensure that the ultimate supplier of the coal was not exposed. This was
because the defendants were trying to protect their interests as the middleman
in future purchases/sales of coal, and were afraid that Gimpex might purchase
coal directly from Berkah at a cheaper price.

180 While we accept that there is nothing wrong with having the coal supplied
via another party, what remains disturbing is the fact that the contract
between PT Planet and Berkah could not be found. The defendants’ explanations
for this are also unsatisfactory, and are indicative that they may be trying
to hide something.

(8) The prevention of SCCI from inspecting and sampling the coal

181 Gimpex’s submission was that SCCI was stopped from inspecting and sampling
the coal because the defendants knew that the coal was of grossly inferior
quality and did not meet the contractual specifications.

182 The defendants’ submission was that under Art 4.5, SCCI was only allowed
to witness the loading of the coal, and that was allowed by the defendants
eventually. However, as we find that Art 4.5 did not limit SCCI to only
witnessing the loading of the coal, and did not preclude them from collecting
samples themselves, there is no basis for the defendants’ submissions (see
above at [73]). We therefore affirm the Judge’s finding that the defendant
should not have stopped SCCI from conducting sampling of the coal on the
Vessel.

(9) Was the Unlawful Means Conspiracy Claim made out?

183 The Unlawful Means Conspiracy Claim, as previously mentioned, is premised
on the defendants committing fraud on Gimpex. The standard of proof in finding
fraud has been espoused in a number of Singapore decisions. In _Tang Yoke
Kheng trading as (Niklex Supply Co) v Lek Benedict and others_ [2005] 3 SLR(R)
263 (“ _Tang Yoke Kheng_ ”), the Court of Appeal (at [14]) rejected that there
was a third standard of proof which existed in between the civil burden of
balance of probabilities and the criminal burden of proving beyond reasonable
doubt. However, the court went on to explain (_ibid_) that:

… because of the severity and potentially serious implications attaching to a
fraud, even in a civil trial, judges are not normally satisfied by that little
bit more evidence such as to tilt the "balance". They normally require more. …

Therefore, we would reiterate that the standard of proof in a civil case,
including cases where fraud is alleged, is that based on a balance of
probabilities; but the more serious the allegation, the more the party, on
whose shoulders the burden of proof falls, may have to do if he hopes to
establish his case.

184 This ruling in _Tang Yoke Kheng_ was recently affirmed in the Court of
Appeal decision of _Alwie Handoyo v Tjong Very Sumito and another and another
appeal_ [2013] 4 SLR 308, which referred, _inter alia_ , to the High Court
decision of _Chua Kwee Chen v Koh Choon Chin_ [2006] 3 SLR(R) 469. In the
latter decision, Andrew Phang Boon Leong J (as he then was), explained (at
[159]) that:

… the standard of proof in civil proceedings where fraud and/or dishonesty is
alleged is the civil standard of proof on a balance of probabilities. However,
where such an allegation is made (as in the present proceedings), _more_
evidence is required than would be the situation in an ordinary civil case.
Such an inquiry lies, therefore and in the final analysis, in the sphere of
practical application (rather than theoretical speculation). [emphasis in
original]

185 Having regard to the fact that more evidence is required in order for the
party alleging fraud to prove it in a civil case, we do not think that Gimpex
has proved its case. Although there are some issues which we find troubling
and might suggest a lack of good faith on the part of the defendants (for
example, non-production of the Berkeh contract; and disallowing SCCI to
witness and conduct sampling), we also find that there are circumstances which
lend support to the defendants’ case. Breach of contract does not necessarily
constitute fraud. A very important premise of Gimpex’s claim for fraud is the
assertion that Unity was switched for Param Energy with an improper motive in
mind. But the switch was brought about by Gimpex (see [168] above). Neither is
Unity a shell company. Our conclusion is that the evidence before this court
is insufficient to satisfy us that the defendants consciously and in full
knowledge entered into the Contract with Gimpex with a deliberate intention to
deliver poor quality coal to Gimpex which did not meet the contractual
specifications, while attempting to collect the purchase price and dissipate
the money, leaving Gimpex with a cause of action for breach of contract
against a Unity which was a shell company incorporated in the BVI.

186 We therefore do not find that the defendants have committed fraud on
Gimpex. It follows that Gimpex’s Unlawful Means Conspiracy Claim fails _in
limine_ , and there is no need for us to consider the further issues of
whether there was an agreement between Unity, Param Energy and Vinay to commit
fraud on Gimpex, and whether Gimpex suffered damage as a result.

The Lawful Means Conspiracy Claim

187 In order to establish a claim in lawful means conspiracy, there is a need
for the plaintiff to show that the predominant purpose of the conspirators was
to cause damage or injury to the plaintiff: (see, _inter alia_ , _Quay Kay Tee
v Ong and Co Pte Ltd_ [1996] 3 SLR(R) 637; _Wu Yang Construction Group Ltd v
Zhejiang Jinyi Group Co Ltd_ [2006] 4 SLR(R) 451).

188 In the present case, there is simply insufficient evidence to suggest that
Unity, Param Energy, and Vinay came together and caused Unity to enter into a
contract with Gimpex with the predominant purpose of harming Gimpex. In fact,
Lalit’s evidence was that the defendants were willing to enter into the
Contract for a small profit margin of 1.83% because they wanted to cultivate a
long-term commercial relationship with Gimpex.

189 We therefore dismiss Gimpex’s claim in lawful means conspiracy.

The issue relating to joint tortfeasor

190 Gimpex relies on the Privy Council decision on appeal from Singapore in
_Wah Tat Bank Ltd and others v Chan_ [1974–1976] SLR(R) 284 to establish that
Vinay should be liable as well. However, this is premised on a tort having
been committed in the first place. Given our earlier findings that both the
Unlawful Means Conspiracy Claim and the lawful means conspiracy claim are not
made out, there is no tort upon which Param Energy and Vinay can be held to be
joint tortfeasors.

The issue relating to the lifting of the corporate veil

191 Turning to the issue of the lifting of corporate veils of Unity and Param
Energy, we can be brief. First, the presence of SMIL as the major shareholder
of Unity (51%) makes it difficult to find that Vinay had control over Unity.
Furthermore, there is no evidence which suggests that Vinay had any ownership
interest or was a director of SMIL. Vinay only had an indirect 25%
shareholding in Unity through Param Energy.

192 Secondly, as found by the Judge, Dev who was one of the directors of Unity
and also a director of SMASL, gave evidence that Vinay was not even a
signatory to any of Unity’s bank accounts. Unity had a bank account with
Standard Chartered Bank of which Dev was the sole signatory, and another bank
account with the Bank of India of which Dev and one Rudra Sen Sindhu were the
only signatories.[note: 23]

193 We therefore find that the corporate veil of Unity should not be lifted in
the present case. Consequently, there is also no reason to lift the corporate
veil of Param Energy.

The issue relating to damages

194 Gimpex’s submission is that if the appeal by the defendants in CA 161/2013
against the Judge’s decision to allow the Breach of Contract Claim is
dismissed, damages should be assessed by this court, and not, as ordered by
the Judge, be assessed later separately by the Registrar. This is because both
parties adduced evidence and made submissions on this issue below. In light of
our decision to dismiss the appeal in CA 161/2013, and having reviewed the
evidence and the submissions, we are minded to do so as urged upon us by
Gimpex.

Gimpex’s submissions on damages

195 Gimpex’s primary claim is for breach of warranty on the part of Unity in
delivering off-specification coal, and its alternative claim is for non-
delivery of coal.

196 In relation to its claim for breach of warranty, Gimpex relies on s 53 of
the Sale of Goods Act (Cap 393, Rev Ed 1999) (“the SGA”), which reads:

**Remedy for breach of warranty**

**53.—**(1) Where there is a breach of warranty by the seller, or where the
buyer elects (or is compelled) to treat any breach of a condition on the part
of the seller as a breach of warranty, the buyer is not by reason only of such
breach of warranty entitled to reject the goods; but he may —

(_a_) set up against the seller the breach of warranty in diminution or
extinction of the price; or

(_b_) maintain an action against the seller for damages for the breach of
warranty.

(2) The measure of damages for breach of warranty is the estimated loss
directly and naturally resulting, in the ordinary course of events, from the
breach of warranty.

(3) In the case of breach of warranty of quality, such loss is prima facie the
difference between the value of the goods at the time of delivery to the buyer
and the value they would have had if they had fulfilled the warranty.

(4) The fact that the buyer has set up the breach of warranty in diminution or
extinction of the price does not prevent him from maintaining an action for
the same breach of warranty if he has suffered further damage.

197 Gimpex submits that pursuant to s 53(3), the measure of damages should be
the difference between the market price of the low quality coal delivered at
Karachi and the market price of coal that meets the quality specified in the
Contract.

198 With regard to the market price of the low quality coal delivered at
Karachi, as mentioned earlier at [157], Gimpex’s pricing expert, Liang Yuan,
gave evidence that the price would be US$38 to US$44 per MT. This would give a
median price of US$41 per MT. Liang Yuan’s evidence was not challenged by the
defendants in cross-examination.

199 As regards the market price of coal that met the quality specified in the
Contract, Gimpex submits that the relevant time at which the price should be
ascertained would be the time when the defect was discovered (relying on the
cases of _Van Den Hurk v R Martens & Co, Limited (in liquidation)_ [1920] 1 KB
850 and _Naugthon v O’Callaghan_ [1990] 3 All ER 191). Gimpex’s position is
that this would be in May 2010. Liang Yuan’s evidence was that when the coal
was discharged in Karachi between 8 to 12 May 2010, the price of the coal of
the quality specified in the Contract was then US$83 per MT. Gimpex also took
pains to point out that Gunn’s evidence was that in June 2010, the price of
coal that met the said quality was even higher, at US$88.19 per MT.

200 Gimpex then concluded that the quantum of damages based on its claim for
breach of warranty for the delivery of off-specification coal should therefore
be (US$83 - US$41) × 41,510MT = US$1,743,420.

201 However, there are two problems to this approach of assessing the
appropriate damages to be award to Gimpex. First, the buyer (Gimpex) must have
taken delivery of the sub-quality coal. Secondly, the buyer must have paid the
contract price for the sub-quality coal. Neither of these events had taken
place here. Gimpex cannot simply assert that they had not in fact rejected the
coal. The coal was in fact sold by Unity to FZC, a subsidiary of Awan, at a
much reduced price (see [32] above). The way in which Gimpex has calculated
the damages due to it as shown in [200] is to overcompensate itself. Not
having paid for the coal in accordance with the Contract price, it is not
entitled to claim for the difference between the sub-quality coal price and
the contract price. It would only be entitled to claim as damages the sum
representing the difference between the contract price and the price at which
the coal could have fetched in the open market if the coal delivered had been
of the right quality. This brings us to the alternative basis of assessing
Gimpex’s loss and the application of s 51 of the SGA:

**Damages for non-delivery**

**51.** —(1) Where the seller wrongfully neglects or refuses to deliver the
goods to the buyer, the buyer may maintain an action against the seller for
damages for non-delivery.

(2) The measure of damages is the estimated loss directly and naturally
resulting, in the ordinary course of events, from the seller’s breach of
contract.

(3) Where there is an available market for the goods in question, the measure
of damages is prima facie to be ascertained by the difference between the
contract price and the market or current price of the goods at the time or
times when they ought to have been delivered or (if no time was fixed) at the
time of the refusal to deliver.

202 Gimpex submits that pursuant to s 51(3), the measure of damages should be
the difference between the Contract price (which is US$66 per MT) and the
market price of the coal at the time the coal ought to have been delivered.
Liang Yuan’s evidence was that the open market price of the coal of the
quality sold by Unity to Gimpex in Pakistan in May 2010 was US$89. On this
basis, the loss suffered by Gimpex would therefore be (US$89 - US$66) ×
41,510MT = US$954,730. In the normal case, this would indisputably be the loss
suffered by a buyer in similar circumstances. This manner of assessing damages
would also be in line with the principles established in _Hadley v Baxendale_
(1854) 9 Exch 341 (“ _Hadley v Baxendale_ ”).

The defendants’ submission on damages

203 The defendants submit that based on the case of _Robertson Quay Investment
Pte Ltd v Steen Consultants Pte Ltd_ [2008] 2 SLR(R) 623 (“ _Robertson Quay
Investment_ ”), which applies the rule in _Hadley v Baxendale_ , the measure
of damages should be the loss of profit suffered by Gimpex instead. This was
the measure of damages that flowed directly, naturally, and in the ordinary
course of events.

204 The defendants therefore submit that the damages payable should be based
on the difference between the prices of coal contracted for between Gimpex and
Unity (which is US$66 per MT), and Gimpex and Awan (which is US$68 per MT).
This would give a sum total of (US$68 - US$66) × 41,510MT = US$83,020.

205 In the alternative, the defendants submitted that Gimpex should be
entitled to claim damages calculated based on the difference between the
prevailing market price of the off-specification coal and the agreed contract
price between Gimpex and Awan. No reason or authority was cited for this
submission.

206 In addition, the defendants made the submission that the court “should
reserve this specific claim for assessment [until] a claim is brought by
[Awan]”, relying on the Court of Appeal decision in _China Resources
Purchasing Co Ltd v Yue Xiu Enterprises (S) Pte Ltd and another_ [1996] 1
SLR(R) 397 (“ _China Resources_ ”). In _China Resources_ , the plaintiff
claimed against the defendant for the non-delivery of goods. It was not
disputed by the parties that the plaintiff’s purchase of the goods was for the
purpose of immediate resale to a sub-buyer. The plaintiff obtained an
interlocutory judgment against the defendant by way of judgment or declaration
that the plaintiff be entitled to recover from the defendant such damages and
costs for which the plaintiff may be held liable to pay to the sub-buyer. The
court proceeded on that premise, and assessed and awarded damages for the loss
of profit to the plaintiff, but reserved the issue of the indemnity for the
plaintiff’s liability to the sub-buyer. The reason for this was because until
proceedings had actually been commenced against the plaintiff by the sub-
buyer, the extent of the plaintiff’s liability was uncertain, and so the
proper course would be to defer dealing with that issue until such time as was
appropriate. In arriving at this decision, the court did not have to consider
what the appropriate _measure of damages_ was. It simply proceeded on the
basis of the declaration obtained by the plaintiff.

207 The defendants argue that since Gimpex has not established liability in
respect of a claim from Awan, “the Court should likewise reserve this item of
[Gimpex’s] claim for assessment if and when a claim is brought by Awan against
[Gimpex] …”.[note: 24] It should be apparent that the head of damage reserved
by the Court of Appeal in _China Resources_ related to an indemnity claim.
This, however, is not what Gimpex is claiming for before this court. Its claim
is for damages based on either breach of warranty of quality or non-delivery.

208 In the present proceedings, Gimpex in its pleadings did include a claim
for an indemnity against any liability it might have incurred towards Awan for
the former’s breach of contract to the latter. The defendants’ suggestion at
[206]–[207] is probably its response to that (although the defendants’
submissions are unclear on this). Before us (and, indeed, before the Judge as
well) this particular head of damage was not sought for by Gimpex. In
addition, for reasons explained immediately below, the premise for the
application of _China Resources_ in this case does not even arise. There, the
damages claimed were for loss of profit plus an indemnity against third party
liability. In the present case, before both the High Court and this court,
Gimpex no longer pursued the claim for an indemnity against third-party
liability but only prayed for damages for the breach of contract on the part
of Unity.

The appropriate measure of damages

209 The main issue before us is whether the measure of damages should be the
difference between the Contract price and the market price of the coal at the
time the coal ought to have been delivered (which is Gimpex’s position) or the
loss of profit plus an indemnity against any future liability to Awan (which
is the defendants’ position). Given that there has been no action taken by
Awan against Gimpex for Gimpex’s failure to deliver coal of the correct
specifications, and having regard to the drastic increase in the market price
of the coal, it is not surprising that the parties have adopted different
approaches.

210 In this regard, the House of Lords decision of _Williams Brothers v ED T
Agius, Limited_ [1914] 1 AC 510 (“ _Williams v Agius_ ”) is very much on
point. In that case, the buyer contracted with the seller for coal to be
shipped and delivered at the price of 16s 3d. Before the date of delivery, the
buyer agreed to sell the coal to a sub-buyer at the price of 19s. The seller,
in breach of contract, failed to deliver the coal to the buyer. At the date of
breach, the market price of the coal was 23s 6d. The issue before the court
was whether the measure of damages in respect of non-delivery of the coal was
the difference between the contract price and the market price of the coal at
the time of breach (as contended by the buyer), or the difference between the
contract price and the price at which the buyer had sold the coal to the sub-
buyer (as contended by the seller). The court unanimously found for the buyer.

211 As explained by Lord Dunedin, this was premised on an application of the
trite principle of contract law that the innocent party must be put in the
same position as if the breach of contract had not occurred (at 522–523):

… when there is no delivery of the goods the position is quite a different
one. The buyer never gets them, and he is entitled to be put in the position
in which he would have stood if he had got them at the due date. That position
is the position of a man who has goods at the market price of the day—and
barring special circumstances, _the defaulting seller is neither mulct in
damages for the extra profit which the buyer would have got owing to a forward
resale at over the market price_ (_Great Western Ry. Co. v. Redmayne_), _nor
can he take benefit of the fact that the buyer has made a forward resale at
under the market price._

[emphasis added]

212 Viscount Haldane LC (at 520) also made the important point that the
existence of a sub-sale by the buyer should have no effect on the damages
payable by the _seller to the buyer_ under the agreement entered into between
them, and reaffirmed the judgment of Lord Esher MR in the English Court of
Appeal decision in _Rodocanachi, Sons & Co v Milburn Brothers_ (1886) 18 QBD
67 (“ _Rodocanachi v Milburn_ ”). In _Rodocanachi v Milburn_ , the court had
to consider the same issue of whether the measure of damages should be the
difference in contract price and the market price of goods or the difference
between the contract price and the price as set out in the sub-sale. Lord
Esher MR held (at 76–77) that:

I think that the rule as to measure of damages in a case of this kind must be
this: the measure is the difference between the position of a plaintiff if the
goods had been safely delivered and his position if the goods are lost. What,
then, is that difference? … If there is no market for such goods, the result
must be arrived at by an estimate, by taking the cost of the goods to the
shipper and adding to that the estimated profit he would make at the port of
destination. If there is a market there is no occasion to have recourse to
such a mode of estimating the value; the value will be the market value when
the goods ought to have arrived. But the value is to be taken independently of
any circumstances peculiar to the plaintiff. It is well settled that in an
action for non-delivery or non-acceptance of goods under a contract of sale
the law does not take into account in estimating the damages anything that is
accidental as between the plaintiff and the defendant, as for instance an
intermediate contract entered into with a third party for the purchase or sale
of the goods. It is admitted in this case that, if the plaintiffs had sold the
goods for more than the market value before their arrival, they could not
recover on the basis of that price, but would be confined to the market price,
because the circumstance that they had so sold the goods at a higher price
would be an accidental circumstance as between themselves and the shipowners;
but it is said that, as they have sold for a price less than the market price,
the market price is not to govern but the contract price. I think, that if the
law were so, it would be very unjust. I adopt the rule laid down in Mayne on
Damages, which gives the market price as the test by which to estimate the
value of the goods independently of any circumstances peculiar to the
plaintiff, and so independently of any contract made by him for sale of the
goods. That rule gives the mode of estimating the value which is to be taken
for the purpose of arriving at the damages. ….

213 Reverting to _Williams v Agius_ , Lord Dunedin also made the same point as
Lord Esher MR that any contract between the buyer and the sub-buyer was not
something that should be of concern to the court in determining the
liabilities vis-à-vis the buyer and seller. The liabilities between the buyer
and the sub-buyer should be left to those two parties (at 523):

The truth is that the respondents' argument leaves them in a dilemma. Either
the sub-sale was of the identical article which was the subject of the
principal sale or it was not. If it was not, it is absurd to suppose that a
contract with a third party as to something else, just because it is the same
kind of thing, can reduce the damages which the unsatisfied buyer is entitled
to recover under the original contract. If, on the other hand, the sub-sale is
of the selfsame thing or things as is or are the subject of the principal
sale, then _ex hypothesi_ the default of the seller in the original sale is
going to bring about an enforced default on the part of the original buyer and
subsequent seller. And how can it ever be known that the damages recoverable
under that contract will be calculable in precisely the same way as in the
original contract? All that will depend upon what the sub-buyer will be able
to make out. _The only safe plan is, therefore, in the original contract, to
take the difference of market price as the measure of damages and to leave the
sub-contract and the breach thereof to be worked out by those whom it directly
concerns_. [emphasis added]

214 Applying these principles to the present, Unity should not be allowed to
rely on the contract between Gimpex and Awan to reduce its liability. As a
matter of logic, there is also no reason why any benefit arising from Awan not
suing Gimpex should go to Unity. There may be many reasons why Awan is not
suing Gimpex. It could be because of, for example, certain differences in the
terms of the Contract and the contract between Awan and Gimpex, the
relationship between Awan and Gimpex, or any commercial considerations which
this court is not privy to and should not speculate on.

215 Gimpex should be put in the position as if the defendants did not breach
the Contract. That means that Gimpex should have obtained the coal of the
quality specified in the Contract, and if there is an increase in the market
value of the coal from the time of contracting and the time of delivery, then
Gimpex must be compensated on the basis of the coal having a higher value. As
it is undisputed that there is a market for the coal at the time of the
breach, it should be clear that the measure of damages should be the
difference between the Contract price and the market price of the coal at the
time the coal ought to have been delivered. This is the _prima facie_ measure
of damages under s 51(3) of the SGA.

216 For completeness, we would observe that had it been the understanding of
the parties at the _time of contracting_ , that Gimpex had bought the coal
specifically in order to fulfil its contractual commitment to Awan to provide
coal of the exact same quantity and quality, and if the Contract had provided
for sub-sales down the line, the defendants could have had a much stronger
case to say that Gimpex’s loss flowing from the breach of Contract was its
loss of profit plus any potential liability to Awan (see the House of Lords
decision in _Hall (R and H) Ltd v W H Pim (Junior) & Co's Arbitration_ (1928)
33 Com Cas 324; the Singapore High Court decision in _Fazlur Rahman v Bombay
Trading Co ((Pte) Ltd_ [1992] 2 SLR(R) 529; and generally _Benjamin’s Sale of
Goods_ (M G Bridge, gen ed) (Sweet & Maxwell, 8th Ed, 2010) at paras
17–028–17–033). However, since the evidence is that the defendants did not
know or have knowledge of the exact terms of the Sub-contract until much
later, and the Contract did not contain any term providing for sub-sales down
the line, we do not need to consider a claim on such a basis any further.

217 Finally, we come to the ascertainment of the market price of the coal at
the time of breach. Gimpex’s evidence of this is based on Liang Yuan’s expert
report. As mentioned earlier, the defendants did not cross-examine Liang Yun
on his affidavit evidence, but raised certain queries in a Notice of
Objections to Contents of Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief.[note: 25] The main
issue the defendants had with Liang Yun’s evidence was that a lot of it was
based on assertions made without much explanation. It was therefore surprising
that Liang Yun was not challenged on the stand by the defendants’ counsel.

218 This was especially troubling because Liang Yun’s evidence on the market
price of the coal at the time of breach was problematic. In the same report,
Liang Yuan was asked to give his opinion on four issues. One of those issues
was, “What was the market price of coal at the time of discharge in Pakistan
between 8-12 May 2010?”. Liang Yuan’s answer was that, “the market price of
the 6300 GAD (5815 GAR) calorific value coal FOB Indonesia between 8-12 May
2010 would be about USD 83 [per MT]”.

219 Another issue was, “What was the price of coal on the Pakistan market on
8-12 May 2010?”. This time, Liang Yuan’s response (just two pages later) was
that the price of the coal was US$89 per MT.

220 First, we fail to understand what the difference between the two issues
put to Liang Yuan as set out in the preceding paragraphs is. The issues
although framed slightly differently from each other are essentially asking
the same question. Even the dates of “8-12 May 2010” were the same and hence
the different answers provided from Liang Yuan were incomprehensible.
Secondly, Gimpex relied on the figure of US$83 per MT in calculating the
market price of the coal in respect of its claim based on the breach of
warranty for the off-specification coal pursuant to s 53(3) of the SGA. Yet,
Gimpex relied on the figure of US$89 per MT in calculating the market price of
the coal under its claim for non-delivery of coal pursuant to s 51(3) of the
SGA. We do not understand why the two figures should be different as they
relate to the market value of the same quality coal at the same relevant
period.

221 In light of this confusion, and given the lack of explanation by Liang
Yun, we do not think that Gimpex should be allowed to simply rely on the
higher figure of US$89 per MT as the market price of the coal. The burden is
on Gimpex to prove its loss. While Gunn’s evidence was that the market price
of coal of the contractual specifications was US$88.19, that was as at June
2010, not May 2010 (the date of the breach). The benefit of the uncertainty
should be given to Unity. We therefore hold that the damages to be awarded to
Gimpex should be based on the lower figure of US$83 per MT.

222 We therefore find that Unity is liable to Gimpex for the sum of (US$83 -
US$66) × 41,510MT = US$705,670.

Conclusion

223 In conclusion, the appeal in CA 160/2013 is allowed in so far as damages
for the Breach of Contract Claim are assessed by this court at US$705,670. The
appeal in CA 161/2013 is dismissed. Parties are to make written submission on
costs within two weeks hereof.

* * *

[note: 1]CA 160/2013 Appellants’ Core Bundle (“ACB”) Vol I at p 88.

[note: 2]Record of Appeal (“RA”) Vol III(A) at p 219 at para 34.

[note: 3]RA Vol III(A) at p 219 at para 33.

[note: 4]RA Vol III(A) at p 220 at para 39.

[note: 5]RA Vol III(F) at p 16 at para 16.

[note: 6]RA Vol III(F) at p 11.

[note: 7]CA 160/2013 ACB Vol II at pp 142–143.

[note: 8]CA 160/2013 ACB Vol II pp 6–11.

[note: 9]RA Vol II(B) at p 11 _et seq_.

[note: 10]RA Vol II(B) at p 81 _et seq_.

[note: 11]RA Vol II(B) at p 71 _et seq_.

[note: 12]RA Vol II(B) at p 44 _et seq_.

[note: 13]RA Vol III(M) at pp 249–250.

[note: 14]RA Vol III(A) at p 200.

[note: 15]RA Vol III(D) at p 49 at para 70.

[note: 16]RA Vol V at pp 205–206.

[note: 17]RA Vol III(K) pp 219–220.

[note: 18]RA Vol III(B) at p 258.

[note: 19]CA 160/2013 ACB Vol I at p 265.

[note: 20]RA Vol III(L) at p 32.

[note: 21]RA Vol III(L) at p 58.

[note: 22]RA Vol III(F) at p 243.

[note: 23]RA Vol III(G) at p 235.

[note: 24]CA 160/2013 Respondent’s Case at para 146.

[note: 25]RA Vol IV(A) at pp 50–53.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 09 Feb 2015 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

