Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Dukkar S.A _v_ Thailand Integrated Services Pte Ltd  
[2015] SGHC 234

Case Number| :| Originating Summons No 632 of 2015  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 07 September 2015  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Steven Chong J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Liew Teck Huat and Mildred Tan (Global Law Alliance LLC)
for the plaintiff; Melanie Ho, Paul Loy and Tang Shangwei (WongPartnership
LLP) for the defendant.  
Parties| :|  Dukkar S.A — Thailand Integrated Services Pte Ltd  
  
7 September 2015| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Steven Chong J [delivering the oral judgment]:

1 These are my brief oral grounds for Originating Summons No 632 of 2015. I
reserve the right to supplement these grounds with more detailed grounds
should I decide to issue full written grounds.

2 This is the plaintiff’s application for a mareva injunction against the
defendant to restrain it from removing from Singapore or in any way disposing
of or dealing with or diminishing the value of any of its assets in Singapore
up to the sum of US$959,044.77 pending the determination of an international
arbitration commenced by the plaintiff against the defendant in London.

3 It is common ground that the court has the jurisdiction under s 12A of the
International Arbitration Act (Cap 143A, 2002 Rev Ed) to grant an interim
injunction in aid of a foreign arbitration. However, the plaintiff is required
to satisfy two conditions to justify the grant of the interim injunction:

(a) First, it must demonstrate that it has a good arguable case against the
defendant for breach of the contract purportedly concluded on 30 March 2015 in
respect of the sale and purchase of 100,000 metric tons (plus or minus 10% at
the plaintiff’s option) of bitumen mixture (“the Product”).

(b) Second, it must demonstrate that there is a real risk of dissipation of
assets by the defendant to frustrate the enforcement of an intended arbitral
award.

Failure to satisfy either condition would be fatal to the application.

No good arguable case

4 I am mindful that the threshold at this stage is to examine whether the
plaintiff’s case is “more than barely capable of serious argument, but not
necessarily one which the judge considers would have a better than 50% chance
of success”: _Amixco Asia Pte Ltd v Bank Negara Indonesia 1946_ [1991] 2
SLR(R) 713 at [18].

5 Having considered the arguments and the materials placed before me, in my
view, the plaintiff has not been able to demonstrate that it has a good
arguable case against the defendant. It is important for the purposes of this
analysis to bear in mind that it is the plaintiff’s case that an oral contract
was concluded between the parties on 30 March 2015. The plaintiff further
submits that this is evidenced by written documents: see the plaintiff’s
skeletal submissions dated 28 August 2015 at para 20, Yulia Yancheva’s
affidavit dated 15 June 2015 at para 16, and the letter of demand dated 15 May
2015 from the plaintiff’s English solicitors, Arbis Sutherland LLP to the
defendant. As such, my factual inquiry in the present case is limited to
determining whether, based on the materials before me, the plaintiff has
demonstrated a case which is more than capable of a serious argument that a
contract was concluded between the parties on 30 March 2015.

6 The plaintiff acknowledges that there was no signed contract on 30 March
2015, but asserts that by that date, all the essential terms had been agreed.
It is also accepted that the three most crucial terms of any contract for the
sale of goods are:

(a) the identity of the parties;

(b) the price; and

(c) the specifications of the Product

7 In the words of the plaintiff, “the 3 Ps of property, party and price had
been agreed”. There is no dispute that the plaintiff and the defendant were
the intended contracting parties. However, the defendant denies that any
agreement was reached between the parties on either the price or the
specifications of the Product.

Price

8 It is not disputed that the plaintiff sent a draft contract to the defendant
on or about 31 March 2015. The contractual price was not a typical fixed
price. Clause 8 of the draft contract provides that the price shall be “the
arithmetic average of mean price quotations for fuel oil MOPS 380 cst
published under the heading “FOB SINGAPORE” in Platts Asia- Pacific/Arab Gulf
Markets can on 28th, 29th May 2015 minus a discount of USD 1,50 MT” for
delivery to Singapore or Malaysia, or “plus a premium of USD4,50 MT” for
delivery to Shandong, China. However, clause 8.1 provides for a price trigger
mechanism which grants the defendant the option to trigger the applicable
price for the quotation on a specific unpublished day within an agreed period.
The longer the period, the more flexibility is afforded to the defendant to
select the most favourable price and conversely, the higher the risk of an
unfavourable price to the plaintiff.

9 In the draft contract of 30 March 2015, the period for the price trigger was
stated by the plaintiff as being up to 28 May 2015. On 9 April 2015, the
defendant counter-proposed to extend the price trigger period to 10 June 2015.
In response, on the same day, the plaintiff informed the defendant that the
counter-proposal was not acceptable. There was no suggestion in the 9 April
2015 correspondence that the defendant was not in a position to change the
price trigger period because a contract had already been concluded between the
parties. It appears from the SMS exchanges between the parties that as late as
10 April 2015, the parties were still negotiating the price trigger period –
see SMS dated 10 April 2015 at 1232 hours, which states “They will counter
laytime, price trigger period etc”. Based on the exchange of correspondence
alone, it is clear that on 30 March 2015, there was no agreement on the price
trigger period which can have a material bearing on the contractual price of
the Product.

Specification of the Product

10 It appears that the parties were not _ad idem_ on either the density or the
asphaltene content of the Product as well.

11 In the draft contract of 30 March 2015, the plaintiff proposed a “density
at 15°C: max 0.985” and asphaltenes at a minimum of 6.3%. On 9 April 2015, the
defendant counter-proposed a “density at 20°C: max 0.987” and asphaltenes at a
minimum of 8%. The plaintiff replied on the same day disagreeing to the
counter-proposal.

12 It appears from the evidence before me that the parties never reached an
agreement on the asphaltene content whether on 30 March 2015, or any time
thereafter. As late as 13 and 14 April 2015, the parties were still exchanging
SMS messages with a view to increase the asphaltene content to 8% by using
different test methods and/or adding additives. The exchange of SMS messages
on this issue ended with the plaintiff informing the defendant that the best
it could do was to increase the asphaltenes to 6.9% and 7.2%. There is no
indication from the evidence that the defendant had agreed to accept the
Product with this level of asphaltenes.

Conduct of the plaintiff

13 The conduct of the plaintiff also strongly suggests that no contract was
concluded on 30 March 2015. The evidence before me is replete with
correspondence which is wholly inconsistent with the existence of a contract
concluded on 30 March 2015:

(a) The plaintiff alleged that the oral contract was evidenced by the draft
contract which was sent to the defendant by an email dated 31 March 2015.
However, in the same email, the plaintiff reminded the defendant that “this is
a draft and not a final version of Contract and we reserve the right to revert
with _any_ amendments or additions to it _at a later stage_ ” [emphasis
added].

(b) On 8 April 2015, the plaintiff sent an SMS message to the defendant
enquiring “Can we _finalize_ the contract?” [emphasis added].

(c) On 10 April 2015, the plaintiff sent an email to the defendant stating
“please revert ASAP with your comments/agreement to the contract as we cannot
hold the Contract _unclosed_ for such long period of time” [emphasis added].
This was followed by another SMS message on the same day from the plaintiff –
“If we don’t finalize the contract i will be on panic on monday”.

(d) The plaintiff sent at least two SMS messages on 9 and 16 April 2015
stressing that it needed a “signed contract” from the defendant.

14 I make a few salient observations on the correspondence quoted above:

(a) All the correspondence emanated from the plaintiff and therefore
represents its own contemporaneous assessment of the contractual position
between the parties. Clearly, the plaintiff did not believe that a contract
had been concluded on 30 March 2015 or any other date thereafter. Though, for
the purposes of disposing of this application, it suffices that there is no
good arguable case to support a concluded contract of 30 March 2015 as alleged
by the plaintiff.

(b) The correspondence showing the plaintiff’s belief that there was no
concluded contract post-dated the alleged 30 March 2015 contract.

(c) The plaintiff was clearly keen to finalise the contract. Given the fact
that the parties were still negotiating the price trigger period, as well as
the density and the asphaltene content of the Product, the reason the
plaintiff kept pushing the defendant to finalise the contract is obvious.
However, it appears from the evidence that the contract was not eventually
finalised.

(d) The plaintiff was not satisfied with just the essential terms. Quite apart
from my finding that there was no agreement on the price or the specifications
of the Product, the plaintiff clearly wanted a signed contract from the
defendant but this was never provided. This is entirely consistent with the
plaintiff’s insistence on a “signed contract”.

15 The plaintiff however relies on several correspondence to support its case
that there was a concluded contract as of 30 March 2015. The plaintiff submits
that these correspondence show, _inter alia_ , that parties had taken steps to
perform the contract.

(a) The plaintiff relied on an email dated 29 March 2015 wherein the defendant
stated that “we accept your DES price” and “thanks for the deal”.

(b) On 10 April 2015, the plaintiff notified the defendant of the nomination
of the vessel to load the Product. However, in response, the defendant
informed the plaintiff not to fix any vessel as the nominated vessel had not
been accepted.

(c) On 15 April 2015, the defendant provided a draft wording for the letter of
credit for the plaintiff’s acceptance. However, the plaintiff replied and
proposed certain amendments. Based on the evidence before me, there was no
response from the defendant accepting the proposed amendments.

(d) Thereafter, the plaintiff wrote several reminders chasing the defendant to
issue the letter of credit but did not receive any response. This is neither
here nor there.

(e) Although a letter of demand was sent by the plaintiff’s English solicitors
on 15 May 2015, only a holding response was received from Wong Partnership on
21 May 2015 and a substantive response was only sent on 17 June 2015. The
plaintiff relied on the alleged long delay to suggest that the defendant did
not “genuinely” believe that there was no concluded contract.

16 In my view, none of the points assist the plaintiff to show a good arguable
case. The defendant’s email of 29 March 2015 predated the plaintiff’s
subsequent email of 31 March 2015 whereupon in enclosing the draft contract,
the plaintiff specifically cautioned the defendant that it is a draft and not
the final version of the contract as it was reserving the right to add or
amend at a later stage. Furthermore, the email makes no reference to the price
trigger period as negotiation on this issue only came about after receipt of
the draft contract. In any case, the defendant did not accept the plaintiff’s
purported nomination of the vessel. Neither did it accept the plaintiff’s
proposed amendments to the letter of credit. The fact that these issues
remained outstanding is again entirely consistent with the plaintiff’s
repeated requests for the parties to “finalise” the contract and for a “signed
contract”. Clearly, the parties were taking steps to resolve issues such as
the price trigger period, the Product specifications, the vessel’s nomination
and the terms of the letter of credit in anticipation of concluding a
contract.

17 In the defendant’s submissions, it was disclosed that it has commenced
legal proceedings against the end-user of the Product, Jayta Petroluem Pte Ltd
(“Jayta”), in the High Court of Singapore. As the suit is related to the
purported transaction between the plaintiff and the defendant, I directed the
defendant to produce the Statement of Claim to determine whether the defendant
had taken an inconsistent position in commencing an action against Jayta.
Having examined the Statement of Claim and hearing the parties’ submissions on
the Jayta proceedings, I am satisfied that there is no inconsistency:

(a) First, according to the pleadings, the contract between the defendant and
Jayta was evidenced by an exchange of email on 28 March 2015. This was two
days before the alleged contract with the plaintiff. In other words, it is not
a case of the defendant concluding a back-to-back contract with Jayta _after_
having concluded the contract with the plaintiff.

(b) Second, unlike the present dispute, there is no price trigger period in
the Jayta contract.

(c) Third, the asphaltene content had already been agreed under the Jayta
contract and Jayta was requesting for a variation. In the present dispute, the
parties were still negotiating the asphaltene content and therefore, the
defendant was at liberty to seek a higher asphaltene content.

No real risk of dissipation

18 While the plaintiff accepts that it has the burden of demonstrating that
there is a real risk of dissipation of assets with “some solid evidence”, its
case was woefully off the mark. Initially, the plaintiff had raised a number
of trivial points in its attempt to demonstrate the existence of a real risk
of dissipation. These include the following allegations:

(a) The only shareholder of the defendant is Marcopolo Energy Ltd, a BVI
company. The plaintiff suggested that the choice of the shareholder’s name was
“deceptively similar” to Marco Polo Marine Ltd, a publicly listed company in
Singapore. This was somehow intended by the defendant to show some connection
with the listed company.

(b) The ACRA searches showed that the defendant had six “All Monies” charges
with three different financial institutions. These were all lodged sometime
between 8 April 2013 and 6 April 2015, during which the contract was “still
alive”.

(c) Although the defendant reported revenue of US$170,196,987 in 2013, its
profit after tax was only US$164,153.

(d) While the defendant’s accounts showed assets in the form of trade
receivables worth US$72,609,488, the accounts also showed corresponding “trade
payables” of US$72,445,335. On this simplistic comparison, the plaintiff
alleged that the defendant’s assets are merely “paper assets”.

(e) Although the defendant exhibited a recent contract dated 14 July 2015 to
show that it is active in trading, the redaction of the name of the buyer, the
price, the quantity, _etc_ rendered the exhibit “suspicious”.

(f) Finally, although the defendant explained that the nature of its main
trading business did not require significant staff and that it has only a
total of four employees in Singapore, the plaintiff somehow sought to cast
suspicion on this explanation by stating that the employees had not been named
and that the defendant did not furnish CPF statements, _etc_ to substantiate
their employment.

19 In seeking to populate the grounds in support of the injunction, the
plaintiff appears to be operating under a misapprehension that the more
grounds are put forward, the higher its chances of discharging its burden of
proving a real risk of dissipation. However, the court is not concerned with a
numbers game. Ultimately, each ground relied upon would have to be objectively
assessed to determine how it would bear on the question whether there is a
real risk of dissipation of assets by the defendant. During the hearing,
recognising the weakness of the above grounds, counsel for the plaintiff, Mr
Liew, decided not to rely on them. For completeness, I should mention that the
weakness of the above grounds was also acknowledged in the plaintiff’s
skeletal submissions wherein it was stated “that whilst the weight of each
particular factor may not be strong, the _cumulative_ effect is sufficient to
establish a real risk of dissipation” [emphasis original].

20 Two remaining grounds were pursued at the hearing:

(a) The fact that the defendant is relying on a defence which it knows is a
“fiction” is evidence of a lack of “commercial morality” and hence calls into
question its probity.

(b) The defendant’s use of Ewiim Pte Ltd as its registered address even though
it has an actual office elsewhere points towards “a shadowy existence”. Ewiim
Pte Ltd offers virtual office facilities.

21 I will start with the virtual office argument which, in my view, rightly
belongs to the category of grounds abandoned by the plaintiff. It is not
uncommon for companies to have registered offices which are different from
their actual operating address. In fact, many law firms offer such services.
Moreover, there is nothing inherently “shadowy” or suspicious about the
defendant using its registered address in its affidavits. The fact that the
defendant is not a company of shadowy existence is borne out by the following:

(a) Its paid up capital is US$5 million.

(b) It has a relationship with at least three financial institutions in
Singapore. A letter of reference dated 6 April 2015 was in fact provided by
Societe Generale to the plaintiff stating that the defendant “will not enter
into commitments which they are not in a position to fulfil”. In an earlier
letter of reference dated 5 March 2015 to an unnamed party, Societe Generale
stated that it has granted credit facilities of eight digits (in USD) to the
defendant. What is significant is that these two references were provided
_before_ the dispute arose between the parties.

(c) It is an active trading company with transactions in excess of US$170
million. The fact that it only made a profit of US$164,153 in 2013 does not
alter the fact that it is nonetheless an active trading company and not a
shadowy company as alleged.

22 While a lack of probity can and often will be relevant to show that there
is a real risk of dissipation of assets, the law is clear that the allegation
must be “well-substantiated”. It remains the duty of the court to examine the
precise nature of the dishonesty and the strength of the evidence relied upon
– see _Bouvier, Yves Charles Edgar and another v Accent Delight International
Ltd and another and another appeal_ [2015] SGCA 45 at [94]. In the present
case, this ground is a non-starter for the following reasons:

(a) I have found that the plaintiff has failed to demonstrate that it has a
good arguable case to begin with. This finding would effectively eliminate the
only ground advanced by the plaintiff to support the existence of a real risk
of dissipation.

(b) Even if the plaintiff has a good arguable case, it does not follow that
the defence must necessarily be fictitious. It is clear to me that the
defendant has a _bona fide_ defence to the claim. Just as I am not required to
determine whether the plaintiff has a more than 50 per cent chance of
succeeding in its claim, likewise, there is no necessity for the court to
assess whether the defendant is likely to succeed in its defence. There is
certainly sufficient evidence emanating from the plaintiff’s own
correspondence to support the defence that a contract for the sale and
purchase of the Product was not concluded on 30 March 2015. It is not for the
court to find that there might be another contract concluded on some other
date which is different from that pursued by the plaintiff. I should also make
it clear that this assessment is based entirely on the materials placed before
the court with reference to the case as advanced by the plaintiff in its
supporting affidavit and the letter of demand by the plaintiff’s English
solicitors. No pleadings in the arbitration have been served as yet. The
pleadings may eventually take a different route. It will then be for the
arbitral tribunal to decide the veracity and legal effect of the plaintiff’s
amended position should that come to pass.

(c) In any event, the defendant is a substantial and active trading company.
There is no material to suggest that there is any risk, let alone a real risk,
that the defendant will dissipate its assets to defeat the plaintiff’s claim.

23 Therefore, for the reasons above, the application is dismissed with costs
fixed at $9,000 inclusive of disbursements.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 07 Sep 2015 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

