Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Tan Yong Hui _v_ Aasperon Venture Pte Ltd and another  
[2015] SGHC 169

Case Number| :| Suit No 1209 of 2014 (Summons No 326 of 2015)  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 03 July 2015  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Lai Siu Chiu SJ  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Kesavan Nair and Leong Kit Ying Melissa (Genesis Law
Corporation) for the plaintiff; Yeo Choon Hsien Leslie (Sterling Law
Corporation) for the defendants.  
Parties| :|  Tan Yong Hui — Aasperon Venture Pte Ltd and another  
  
3 July 2015|  
---|---  
  
Lai Siu Chiu SJ:

1 In this application, Tan Yong Hui (“the plaintiff”) applied under Summons No
326 of 2015 (“the Application”) for summary judgment against Aasperon Venture
Pte Ltd (“the first defendant”) and Tan Yong Seng (“the second defendant”).
The plaintiff prayed that the following orders be granted:

(a) The terms of a Settlement Agreement dated 21 July 2014 (“the Settlement
Agreement”) be specifically performed and carried into execution and that the
two defendants, within seven days from the date of the order, procure and
furnish to the plaintiff a banker’s guarantee on terms acceptable to the
plaintiff.

(b) In the event that the first and second defendants fail to comply with
order (a) above, judgment be entered for the plaintiff in the sum of $720,000,
with costs and interest.

(c) That the first and second defendants be directed to procure the discharge
of any and all personal guarantees provided by the plaintiff in favour of the
first defendant forthwith.

(d) That damages be awarded.

(e) That interest on all sums found to be due and owing at such rate as the
court deems fit be awarded.

2 After hearing the parties’ arguments, this court granted, on 6 March 2015,
all the orders sought in [1] above (except for the order for damages under
prayer d) subject only to one modification: the two defendants were given
fourteen (instead of seven) days in which to furnish a banker’s guarantee. The
plaintiff was awarded interest on the judgment sum at the rate of 5.33% per
annum as well as costs of $5,000, which were to be borne solely by the second
defendant and paid to the plaintiff.

3 The defendants failed to furnish a banker’s guarantee in compliance with the
order in [1(a)] by the deadline of 20 March 2015. On 25 March 2015, this court
rejected, as completely unmeritorious, the defendants’ request for further
arguments (which was made on 13 March 2015) as the proposed arguments were not
novel and had already been canvassed at the hearing held on 6 March 2015.

4 This court settled the issue of costs for the entire proceedings on 30 April
2015. On 13 May 2015, the plaintiff entered final judgment against the two
defendants for a sum of $720,000 plus interest and costs (fixed at $7,500
excluding disbursements, which were to be awarded on a reimbursement basis)
payable by the second defendant only.

5 The defendants, being dissatisfied with the orders made by this court, filed
a Notice of Appeal (in Civil Appeal No 87 of 2015) against the same. However,
as there was no application for a stay of execution pending appeal, the
plaintiff was not precluded from entering final judgment against them on 13
May 2015.

The facts

6 According to the plaintiff’s statement of claim (“SOC”), he was a director
and shareholder of the first defendant who once held 300,000 fully paid shares
(“the plaintiff’s shares”). The second defendant is the plaintiff’s older
brother who was and still remained a director and shareholder of the first
defendant at the time of the hearing. He initially held 1m fully paid shares.
The first defendant is in the business of manufacturing structural metal
products as well as the import and export of machinery and equipment.

7 According to the SOC, on or about 6 August 2013, the second defendant
appointed himself the first defendant’s secretary and, in breach of the
memorandum and articles of association of the first defendant, unilaterally
increased the share capital in the first defendant by one share from 1,300,000
to 1,300,001 shares. The newly issued share was allotted to Tew Siang Kian
(“Tew”), whom the second defendant appointed as a director on 7 August 2013.

8 On 14 August 2013, the second defendant appointed himself as the first
defendant’s managing-director and removed the plaintiff as a director on the
same day. The second defendant then transferred 299,999 of the plaintiff’s
shares to himself, increasing the number of shares held by the second
defendant from 1m to the present figure of 1,299,999, and the remaining one
share to Tew, bringing the total number of shares held by Tew to two.

9 The second defendant’s actions prompted the plaintiff to commence Suit No
1209 of 2014 (“S 1209/2014”) against the two defendants as well as Originating
Summons No 1156 of 2013 (“the OS”) against the first defendant. The plaintiff
also sued the second defendant and three others in a separate action (Suit No
127 of 2014). For his part, the second defendant (together with Aasperon
Investment Pte Ltd (“Aasperon Investment”), a related company), commenced Suit
No 11 of 2014 against the plaintiff.

10 Eventually all three actions were settled by mediation resulting in a
settlement agreement dated 21 July 2014 (“the Settlement Agreement”) executed
by the various parties which contained, _inter alia_ , the following terms:

(a) The first defendant would pay the plaintiff $750,000 (“the Settlement
Sum”) in fifty monthly instalments of $15,000 each (“the Instalment Payments”)
commencing on 25 August 2014.

(b) The Settlement Sum would be secured by a banker’s guarantee (“the Bank
Guarantee”) to be furnished by the first defendant within four weeks of the
date of the Settlement Agreement on terms acceptable to the plaintiff.

(c) Within seven days of the plaintiff’s receipt of the Bank Guarantee, the
plaintiff would file a notice of discontinuance of the OS. The plaintiff would
also execute transfer deeds in respect of all his shares in the second
defendant and the second defendant’s group of companies for a nominal
consideration of $1.00.

11 The plaintiff alleged (though this was denied by the defendants at para 9
of their Defence) that the following two implied terms were part of the
Settlement Agreement:

(a) The second defendant, as a director and shareholder of the first
defendant, would take the necessary steps to give effect to the Settlement
Agreement, including the procuring of the Bank Guarantee and the discharge of
the plaintiff from existing bank guarantees issued in the first defendant’s
favour.

(b) Failure to pay any Instalment Payment would result in the entire (balance
of) the Settlement Sum being due and payable immediately.

12 Save for the payment of two Instalment Payments on 25 August and 25
September 2014 respectively, the first defendant did not comply with the
Settlement Agreement. The first defendant failed to furnish the Bank Guarantee
by the deadline of 18 August 2014. The second defendant and Aasperon
Investment also failed to procure the release of the plaintiff from all
existing bank guarantees he had issued in their favour. Furthermore, the
plaintiff received a demand from Oversea-Chinese Banking Corporation (“OCBC”)
for payment of an outstanding instalment on a machinery loan for which he
stood as guarantor as the first defendant had defaulted on repayment.

13 Consequently, the plaintiff commenced S 1209/2014 to seek specific
performance of the Settlement Agreement.

14 The two defendants raised no valid defences. The defendants admitted to all
the terms of the Settlement Agreement as set out in [10] above but contended
that the release of the plaintiff from the existing bank guarantees issued in
favour of the first defendant would only be possible if the banks in question
agreed, which they did not. OCBC would not release the plaintiff unless the
loan was discharged in full. United Overseas Bank (“UOB”) would only agree to
release the plaintiff from the guarantee he had provided to Aasperon
Investment on condition that the plaintiff withdraws as the latter’s director
and shareholder. However, under the terms of the Settlement Agreement, such
withdrawal was only to take place (through the execution of the necessary
share transfers) _after, and not before_ , the plaintiff had received the Bank
Guarantee, which could not be obtained (see [15] below). Furthermore, the
defendants’ attempts to obtain refinancing from the Development Bank of
Singapore (“DBS”) to take over the loan from UOB were unsuccessful.

15 The defendants complained that, because the plaintiff refused to discharge
the consent injunction he had obtained on 26 December 2013, the first
defendant was unable to sell or charge a piece of property located at No. 13
Neythal Road (“the Neythal property”) or conclude a sale for the machinery for
which the plaintiff stood as guarantor (see [12] above). This was critical for
two reasons. First, the defendants submitted that the first defendant’s
promise to procure the Bank Guarantee was made on the understanding that it
would be able to use the Neythal property as collateral to secure the
facility. However, the Neythal Property could not be used as security because
of the plaintiff’s injunction order. Second, OCBC refused to release the
plaintiff as guarantor (which the Settlement Agreement required) unless the
loan was discharged, which it could not unless the machinery was purchased.

16 The defendants also argued that DBS refused to issue the Bank Guarantee
because it required the withdrawal of all legal actions commenced against the
first defendant as well as the withdrawal of a police report lodged by the
plaintiff against the second defendant (which related to an allegation of
forgery in connection with a loan of $100,000 purportedly taken by the
plaintiff from Aasperon Investment) before it would do so.

17 In summary, the defendants raised impossibility of performance and
frustration as their defence — they argued that their failures to perform
their obligations under the Settlement Agreement were due to no fault on their
part. The defendants also submitted that the plaintiff had unreasonably
refused to discontinue the OS even though he had received two Instalment
Payments.

18 Not surprisingly, the plaintiff’s response to the defence was to file the
Application. The plaintiff’s affidavit in support of the Application was
essentially a repeat of his SOC; similarly, the second defendant’s “show
cause” affidavit (“the second defendant’s affidavit”) largely rehashed the
contents of the Defence.

19 The second defendant proposed, in his second affidavit, that the Bank
Guarantee be substituted with a personal guarantee provided by him _and_ the
provision of a piece of property at No 36 Ah Hood Road #18-02, Casa Fortuna
(“the Ah Hood Road property”), which was owned by Aasperon Investment, as
security for the payment of the Settlement Sum. The second defendant revealed
that the first defendant had stopped the Instalment Payments because of the
plaintiff’s refusal to file the notice of discontinuance for this suit (see
[17] above). He deposed that the payments would resume once the plaintiff was
more cooperative and reasonable.

The decision

20 This court granted the Application as there were no valid defences raised
in the second defendant’s affidavit to deny the plaintiff the relief claimed.
To put it succinctly, the defendants had breached the terms of the Settlement
Agreement and the plaintiff was entitled to come to court to obtain judgment
for such breach.

21 I would first refer to cl 2 of the Settlement Agreement, which states:

In the event of a default of any instalment payment, the plaintiff shall be
entitled to call upon the guarantee furnished in paragraph 1 above for the
balance of the Settlement Sum.

22 In my view, cl 2 entitles the plaintiff to commence this suit to seek
redress for the defendants’ default in failing to provide the Bank Guarantee.
It cannot be right that the plaintiff would be left without _any_ remedy for
the defendants’ breach because there is no bank guarantee he can call upon.
The defendants’ solicitor had sought to argue (in his request for further
arguments) that allowing the plaintiff to apply for summary judgment for
$720,000 would mean putting the plaintiff in a better position than that
envisaged under cl 2 — I disagree. Breach of the Settlement Agreement alone
would be sufficient for the plaintiff to commence S 1209/2014 (see _Ng Chee
Weng v Lim Jit Ming Bryan_ [2012] 1 SLR 457 at [53]). In the alternative, two
terms must be implied to cl 2 (applying the test in _The Moorcock_ (1889) 14
PD 64, which was approved of by our Court of Appeal in _Foo Jong Seng v Phua
Kiah Mai_ [2012] 4 SLR 1267 at [32]–[36]) in order to give business efficacy
to the Settlement Agreement. The first implied term is that set out in
[11(b)]. The second implied term is if the plaintiff did not have the Bank
Guarantee from the first defendant to call upon in the event of default in
payment, then he would be entitled to sue both defendants for the balance
outstanding of the Settlement Sum.

23 The defence of frustration or impossibility of performance was not
available to the defendants. As I had pointedly said to their counsel at the
hearing, the second defendant’s affidavit did not produce documentary evidence
to support the second defendant’s allegations that:

(a) He had attempted to obtain the requisite Bank Guarantee from insurance
companies but had been rejected;

(b) DBS required the withdrawal of the OS and all legal proceedings before it
would agree to issue the Bank Guarantee;

(c) DBS required the plaintiff’s withdrawal of his police report before it
would issue the Bank Guarantee;

(d) UOB required the plaintiff’s withdrawal from Aasperon Investment as both
director and shareholder before it would agree to his release as a guarantor;

(e) There was an offer to purchase the first defendant’s machinery and it was
the plaintiff’s injunction in the OS that was the impediment to the proposed
sale (despite, I observe, the plaintiff’s specific request for such
information through his solicitors).

24 Even more damning was the admission in the second defendant’s affidavit
that the first defendant had deliberately stopped payment of the Instalment
Payments because of the plaintiff’s refusal to discontinue the OS. The
plaintiff was perfectly entitled not to accede to the defendants’ request as
cl 4 of the Settlement Agreement provided (see [10(c)] above) that the
plaintiff was only obliged to discontinue the OS within seven days _after his
receipt of the Bank Guarantee and notice of his release as guarantor_ from all
the guarantees he had furnished on behalf of the first defendant.

25 The police report (see [23(c)] above) was referred to in cl 12 of the
Settlement Agreement which states:

TAN YONG HUI will not pursue his police report of forgery against TAN HOCK
SENG.

Clause 12 was found in the section entitled “Other Matters” while the OS, S
1209/2014, Suits 11 and 127 of 2014 were governed by cll 1 to 6. Even if the
second defendant’s allegation in [23(c)] were true, he could have produced a
copy of the Settlement Agreement to DBS and highlighted cl 12 to the bank. It
bears noting, too, that until the commencement of S 1209/2014 and the filing
of the second defendant’s affidavit, the plaintiff was not informed that DBS
required him to withdraw his police report nor was he asked to do so by the
second defendant.

26 The doctrine of frustration of contract requires that the failure of
performance not be due to the act or election of the party seeking to rely on
it (see _Chitty on Contracts vol 1_ (H G Beale, gen ed) (Sweet & Maxwell, 31st
Ed, 2012) at para 23-007). Instead, it must be due to some “outside event or
extraneous change of situation” and it must take place “without either the
fault or the default of either party to the contract” (see _Paul Wilson & Co.
A/S v Partenreederei Hannah Blumenthal_ [1983] 1 AC 854 at 909). This is
hardly the case here. As noted at [23] above, the defendants had not proven
that their failure to procure the Bank Guarantee was attributable to
extraneous events outside their control. In the second defendant’s affidavit,
he had deposed that the Neythal property was unencumbered and was worth at
least $4m. That being the case, why would there be any difficulties in
obtaining the Bank Guarantee from any bank, let alone DBS or OCBC? The second
defendant contended that DBS had agreed, in principle, to the issuance of the
Bank Guarantee (which was to be issued sometime between 17 and 24 October
2014, according to the letter written by the defendants’ solicitors to the
plaintiff’s solicitors) but DBS changed its mind at the eleventh hour because
the OS had not been withdrawn. This explanation was unconvincing without
documentary evidence.

27 The second defendant deposed that only about $40,000 remained outstanding
on the machinery loan extended by OCBC, yet the plaintiff had (see [12] above)
still received a demand as guarantor from OCBC for payment of the outstanding
instalment due to the first defendant’s default. This would seem to suggest
that the second defendant’s claim that the first defendant was not in any
financial trouble was untrue. In this regard, I note that the cheque issued by
Aasperon Academy Pte Ltd (“Aasperon Academy” — another related company) for
the first Instalment Payment of the Settlement Sum was dishonoured. I view
with some scepticism the second defendant’s explanation that it was the
plaintiff’s stubborn refusal to accept the cheque that prompted the defendants
to cancel it. The plaintiff had deposed that when the cheque was dishonoured,
the bank had furnished a return advice which stated that the reason for the
dishonour was “refer to drawer” and that he understood this to mean that
Aasperon Academy had insufficient funds in its account. Given that the matter
of the first defendant’s solvency is not something which I have to decide, it
suffices for me to say that the second defendant’s testimony on this had to be
viewed with some circumspection.

28 As was rightly pointed out by counsel for the plaintiff, nothing in the
Settlement Agreement prohibited the defendants from procuring the Bank
Guarantee in any manner or from any source. If (as it was claimed) DBS
rejected the defendants’ application despite the Neythal property being
offered as collateral, any other bank could have been approached. Given that a
guarantee for a sum of $750,000 was, in the second defendant’s words, “only a
fraction” of the value of the Neythal property (which was valued at $4m), it
would seem that the Bank Guarantee would not be difficult to obtain. Yet the
second defendant did not seem to have made any effort to secure a guarantee
from another bank.

Conclusion

29 Consequently, the court was of the view that the defendants had not raised
any triable issues, let alone any valid defence to the plaintiff’s claim.
Accordingly the orders prayed for in the Application were granted. Despite the
passage of time and the grant of a fourteen day grace period, the defendants
made no effort to procure the Bank Guarantee or to obtain the plaintiff’s
discharge from guarantees he had issued in the defendants’ favour. Final
judgment was therefore awarded to the plaintiff for the defendants’ persistent
default of the terms of the Settlement Agreement.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 03 Jul 2015 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

