Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Australia and New Zealand Banking Group Ltd _v_ Bombay Talkies (S) Pte Ltd
and another  
[2015] SGHC 112

Case Number| :| Suit No 512 of 2013 (Registrar's Appeal No 183 of 2014)  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 24 April 2015  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Edmund Leow JC  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Lim Wei Lee and Liang Hanting (WongPartnership LLP) for
the plaintiff/respondent; Assomull Madan DT (Assomull & Partners) for the
defendants/appellants.  
Parties| :|  Australia and New Zealand Banking Group Ltd — Bombay Talkies (S)
Pte Ltd and another  
  
24 April 2015|  
---|---  
  
Edmund Leow JC:

Introduction

1 Australia and New Zealand Banking Group Limited (“the Plaintiff”) claimed
against three corporate clients and their guarantor, who was the director and
shareholder of all three companies. The Plaintiff claimed for payments of
debts that were due and owing under banking facilities that it had extended to
the companies. On 6 May 2014, it received summary judgments for all three
suits, which were heard together (Suit Nos 511-513 of 2013). It was also
awarded contractual interest and indemnity costs. Dissatisfied with the
assistant registrar’s decision, the defendants appealed. On 12 January 2015, I
heard Registrar’s Appeal Nos 182-184 of 2014 and dismissed the appeals,
varying only the assistant registrar’s costs order. As the defendants in Suit
No 512 (Registrar’s Appeal No 183) filed a notice of appeal, I lay out my
grounds of decision. Since the appeal was filed only in respect of one suit,
that will be the focal point of my decision. However, the facts and arguments
were largely similar in all three cases.

Background

2 The first and second defendants in Suit No 512 are Bombay Talkies (S) Pte
Ltd and its director and shareholder, Mr Ramesh Mohandas Nagrani (“the
Defendants”). On 10 July 2007, banking facilities were extended to the first
defendant, with the second defendant standing in as the guarantor.[note: 1]
The banking facilities were amended by four supplemental letters in 23 July
2008, 30 January 2009, 24 November 2010 and 9 November 2011.[note: 2]

3 When the banking relationship began, the bank that granted the facility
letter was not the Plaintiff but ABN AMRO Bank NV (“ABN Amro”).[note: 3] In
late 2007, the Royal Bank of Scotland (“RBS”) acquired ABN Amro and its
related businesses. This was reflected in the second supplemental letter which
ABN Amro sent to the Defendants on 30 January 2009. This letter was sent by
ABN Amro but carried RBS’ logo on the letterhead.[note: 4] In May 2010, RBS’
business was in turn acquired by the Plaintiff, which issued the supplemental
letters dated 24 November 2010 and 9 November 2011 to the Defendants. Both
supplemental letters were clearly accepted by the Defendants, as evidenced by
the signature of the second defendant on his and his company’s behalf.[note:
5]

4 In this context, the relevant provisions that governed the banking
facilities were RBS’ General Facility Provisions. Briefly, cl 7 states that
the default interest rate shall be 3% above the interest rate charged on the
facilities.[note: 6] Clause 11 provides for the bank’s legal fees to be paid
on a full indemnity basis.[note: 7] Further, cl 13 allowed the bank to assign,
transfer or novate its rights to any other person.[note: 8] The use of the
word “bank” in the facility provisions referred to RBS, its successors and
assigns.[note: 9] The guarantee entered into by the second defendant also
states, _inter alia_ , that he is not released from the guarantee by “the
transfer or assignment of the benefit of these presents to any person or
corporation” and it continues to be “valid and binding for all
purposes”.[note: 10]

5 After the Plaintiff’s acquisition of RBS, the Defendants applied to the
Plaintiff for trade finance loans pursuant to the banking facility on at least
two occasions, on 2 August 2011 and 28 December 2011.[note: 11] On 18 January
2012, the Plaintiff sent a notice of payment default to the Defendants for an
overdue amount of $84,880.43 and accrued interest.[note: 12] This was followed
by two letters of demand on 11 April 2012 and 31 January 2013.[note: 13] The
Defendants made partial payments in the form of cash deposits totalling $8,000
on 11 June 2012 and 25 January 2013.[note: 14] On 31 July 2012, the first
defendant instructed the Plaintiff to transfer $156,497.80 from its fixed
deposit account to its current account associated with the facilities “to
offset our overdraft account with immediate effect”.[note: 15] Following
further letters of demand, the Plaintiff commenced Suit No 512 in the courts
for the sum of $363,761.54 (as at 27 May 2013), interest on all outstanding
sums at the rate of 9% per annum accruing until the date of full payment and
costs on an indemnity basis.[note: 16]

The proceedings below

6 Before the assistant registrar, the Plaintiff submitted that it had
established a _prima facie_ case on the basis of the documents.[note: 17] It
highlighted the “course of conduct over a period of years” showing that the
Defendants had accepted the various facilities (including the subject of Suits
No 511 and 513) and took the benefit of them without protest until it filed
the lawsuits.[note: 18]

7 The Defendants argued, _inter alia_ , that the Plaintiff was not entitled to
enforce its rights under the banking facilities because of issues related to
the assignment from ABN Amro to RBS and subsequently, the Plaintiff. They also
pointed to issues related to missing documents. For example, the facility
letter from ABN Amro to the Defendants in July 2007 referenced ABN Amro’s
General Facility Provisions and Trade Finance Supplement,[note: 19] but these
were not displayed in the affidavits. The Defendants further argued that the
RBS’ General Facility Provisions (see [4] above) that the Plaintiff relied on
were irrelevant[note: 20] and that even RBS’ General Facility Provisions had
an express prohibition that barred a third party from enforcing any term of
the contract.[note: 21]

8 The Defendants also asserted that the claimed amount was inaccurate.[note:
22] The partial payments totalling $8,000 (see [5] above) were not reflected
in the spreadsheet exhibited in the Plaintiff’s affidavit, which showed the
breakdown and calculation of the claimed amount.[note: 23] The interest
computed also failed to factor in the partial payments and a sum of $16,829
(the $16,829 was an instance of the Plaintiff setting off the credit balance
in the first defendant’s account against the money owed to it under the
banking facilities).[note: 24] The Defendants also took issue with the
inconsistent interest rates – either 9% or 10% – that had been used by the
Plaintiff.[note: 25]

9 Besides ABN Amro’s General Facility Provisions and Trade Finance Supplement,
the Defendants also alleged that other necessary documents were missing,
including some statements of accounts and the Plaintiff’s trade financing
terms for the trade finance loan applications.[note: 26]

10 The learned assistant registrar found that the Plaintiff had established a
_prima facie_ case for all three suits, including Suit No 512. She found that
the missing documents were not necessary for the Plaintiff to establish its
claim, which was based on the assignment of the banking facilities from ABN
Amro to RBS and then to ANZ. Neither did those documents go towards any
disputed issue between the parties.[note: 27] She then turned to whether there
were any triable issues or _bona fide_ defences raised by the Defendants and
found none. First, the contractual exclusion of the Contracts (Rights of Third
Parties) Act (Cap 53B, Rev Ed 2002) did not prevent rights under a contract
from being assigned to other parties. Second, she found that any allegations
of invalid assignment of the banking facilities from ABN Amro to RBS and
subsequently, to the Plaintiff, had “no solid footing”.[note: 28] It could not
be seriously disputed that ANZ had acquired RBS and its related businesses,
and that RBS had previously acquired ABN Amro and its related businesses.
Nothing suggested that the banking facilities had been excluded during the
process of acquisitions. In fact, the documentary evidence, in particular the
various supplemental letters, showed the opposite. There was also no legal
authority that required the consent of a bank’s customer to be obtained before
an assignment of contractual rights could be valid, where there was no
contractual term that prohibited assignment. Third, she found that there was
no vitiating factor such that the second defendant was not bound by the
guarantees he had signed. Lastly, she noted that the defendants had taken
issue with the inconsistencies in the Plaintiff’s position in regard to the
applicable interest rate on the facilities and the calculation of the amounts
owing. However, she considered, _inter alia_ , that the defendants took no
position on what the interest rate or correct amounts should be. Neither had
they made any contemporaneous objections when they received their statements
of account. On the other hand, the Plaintiff had explained its calculations on
affidavit and its basis for relying on an interest rate of 9%. In the
premises, she found that the Plaintiff had made out its case on the amounts
owing and applicable interest rates on a balance of probabilities.

11 Therefore, she gave summary judgment on all three suits, pursuant to O 14
of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2006 Rev Ed). In relation to Suit No 512,
she ordered that the Defendants pay the Plaintiff $363,761.54 being the sum
due under the banking facilities as at 27 May 2013 and interest on all
outstanding sums at the rate of 9% per annum accruing until full date of
payment.

12 The assistant registrar also awarded a total of $39,000 in indemnity costs,
of which $12,000 was for Suit No 512. She rejected the contention that the
Plaintiff could not rely on the indemnity costs clause. The Defendants had
argued that the indemnity costs clause in the RBS’ General Facility Provisions
(see [4] above) did not apply as this was not the document that was referenced
in ABN Amro’s facility letter in 2007 (see [7] above). She also rejected the
Defendants’ argument that the Plaintiff could not claim indemnity costs as it
had included an endorsement for fixed costs of $2,000 in its writ of
summons.[note: 29] She accepted, _inter alia_ , the Plaintiff’s submission
that in its reply to the defence,[note: 30] the Plaintiff had clarified that
the fixed costs endorsements pertained only to a situation where the
Defendants satisfied the claim within eight days of the service of the writ.

The Registrar’s appeals

The relevant law

13 I first lay out the relevant law before proceeding to consider the evidence
and arguments that the parties had placed before me, which were largely a
repeat of their arguments below. Under O 14 r 3(1) of the Rules of Court, the
court may give summary judgment for the plaintiff in relation to its claim
unless it dismisses its application or the defendant satisfies the court that
there is an issue or question in dispute which ought to be tried or that there
ought, for some other reasons, to be a trial. To obtain summary judgment, the
plaintiff first shows that it has a _prima facie_ case for judgment. Once it
has done that, the burden shifts to the defendant, who must establish that
there is a fair or reasonable probability that he has a real or _bona fide_
defence, in order to obtain leave to defend: see, _eg_ , _Associated
Development Pte Ltd v Loong Sie Kiong Gerald (administrator of the estate of
Chow Cho Poon, deceased) and other suits_ [2009] 4 SLR(R) 389 at [22].

14 The following extract from _Republic Airconditioning (S) Pte Ltd v Shinsung
Eng Co Ltd (Singapore Branch)_ [2012] 2 SLR 601 at [11], which was recently
cited in _Oversea-Chinese Banking Corp Ltd v Ravichandran s/o Suppiah_ [2015]
SGHC 1 at [23], was also relevant:

Indeed, while the summary jurisdiction of the court is to be exercised with
great circumspection, the court must also be wary of defendants who seek to
evade summary liability by throwing out spurious allegations, assertions and
afterthoughts as convenient smoke screens, which they neatly label as _bona
fide_ defences raising triable issues. …

My decision

15 I agreed that the Plaintiff had shown a _prima facie_ case based on the
documents that supported its affidavits. This was obvious from the factual
background that I had laid out above. To recap, the Plaintiff, after acquiring
RBS (which had previously acquired ABN Amro), sent supplemental letters to the
Defendants in November 2010 and November 2011. Except to the extent that those
letters revised the original facility letter issued by ABN Amro in July 2007,
the terms of the facility letter and related security documents were to
continue “in full force and effect”.[note: 31] The guarantee provided by the
second defendant to ABN Amro was also to remain valid and binding in favour of
any successor and assign; it was not discharged by the transfer of the
benefits of the guarantee to another entity.[note: 32]

16 The Defendants did not merely sign their acceptance to the Plaintiff’s
letters.[note: 33] They conducted themselves in a way that unequivocally
showed that they had a banking relationship with the Plaintiff, pursuant to
the banking facilities (see [5] above). There was no evidence that the
Defendants ever disputed their liabilities under the banking facilities,
whether in principle or quantum, until the start of the court proceedings. In
other words, the Defendants knew they were dealing with the Plaintiff but
never objected. Rather, their response to the outstanding amount demanded was
a proposal to seek refinancing with another bank.[note: 34] As the Plaintiff
summarised, “such conduct was inconsistent with there being any _bona fide_
defence to the Plaintiff’s claim”.[note: 35]

17 I thus turned to the Defendants to consider if there was a reasonable
probability that they had any real or _bona fide_ defences raising triable
issues, instead of just mere assertions.

18 The Defendants’ arguments on appeal could be broadly divided into three
grounds for all three suits, including Suit No 512. First, there was invalid
assignment between the banks, which meant that the Plaintiff had no right to
sue the Defendants. Second, there were missing documents in the Plaintiff’s
case, which contravened O 14 r 2(8) of the Rules of Court that affidavits must
contain “all necessary evidence in support of” the claim. Third, the
Defendants contended that there was a discrepancy in the numbers. While the
assistant registrar had adequately – and correctly, in my view – addressed
these arguments, I deal with them in turn.

19 On the issue of invalid assignment, the Defendants essentially made the
point that the Plaintiff had wrongfully based its claim on ABN Amro’s original
facility letter, as the letter specified that the entity with the right to
declare outstanding amounts due and payable was ABN Amro.[note: 36] The
Defendants also referred me to provisions that prohibited a third party from
having rights of enforcement under the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act
(Cap 53B, Rev 2002) (“CRTPA”).[note: 37]

20 I did not agree that any issue of invalid assignment existed. In my view,
it was sufficient for the Plaintiff to include RBS’ General Facility
Provisions in its affidavits, notwithstanding that ABN Amro’s facility letter
referenced ABN Amro’s General Facility Provisions. As between ABN Amro and
RBS, the second supplemental letter to the Defendants on 30 January 2009 was
sent by ABN Amro but carried RBS’ logo on the letterhead (see [3]
above).[note: 38] This must mean that no real assignment of the banking
facilities had to take place – they were the same entity. Even if they were
different entities and an assignment was necessary, there was no suggestion
that ABN Amro’s General Facility Provisions included non-standard terms that
prohibited a right to assignment. And in the absence of any objection from the
Defendants at the time, RBS’ General Facility Provisions must be taken to have
been accepted by them. As between RBS and ANZ, RBS’ General Facility
Provisions conferred on it a right of assignment (see [4] above).[note: 39]

21 Any provision that excluded the rights of third parties to enforce the
terms of the banking facilities was of no relevance. The CRTPA makes provision
for the enforcement of contractual terms by third parties. It follows that the
exclusion of the CRTPA means that third parties cannot enforce the terms of
the banking facilities. But the Plaintiff was not a third party – by virtue of
its acquisition of RBS, it had become a party to the contract.

22 The Defendants provided a list of missing documents.[note: 40] They
asserted that these constituted evidence that was “necessary as it is part and
parcel of the claim”.[note: 41] Otherwise, the Plaintiff would not have
pleaded and affirmed affidavits making reference to the documents. The
documents included ABN Amro’s General Facility Provisions and Trade Finance
Supplement, which I did not consider necessary (see [20] above). Other missing
documents included the ANZ Trade Terms booklet and any other applicable trade
agreements. These documents were again, unnecessary for the Plaintiff to
establish its claim. The Plaintiff had already produced copies of a sample
Trade Finance Application form and two completed application forms.[note: 42]
These fulfilled the purpose of showing that the first Defendant had applied to
the Plaintiff to draw down on its banking facilities in August and December
2011, long after the Plaintiff had acquired RBS’ business in May 2010. Lastly,
the Defendants also pointed out that the statements of accounts – for
Singapore and United States currency denominations – were incomplete.[note:
43] The first defendant received monthly account statements. Their contents
were not hitherto objected to. The Defendants pointed out that the Singapore
denomination statements of accounts displayed by the Plaintiff did not include
the July 2011 statement. But statements were displayed for August 2011 all the
way until May 2013. The displayed statements fulfilled their purpose in
showing me when the relevant loans were drawn, and that the Defendants’ had
acknowledged their debts without dispute at all material times, by making
partial payments in the form of cash deposits totalling $8,000 on 11 June 2012
and 25 January 2013,[note: 44] and by transferring $156,497.80 into its
current account associated with the facilities “to offset our overdraft
account with immediate effect”.[note: 45] As for the missing statements of
account (USD Denominations), they were not necessary as there was no activity
in that account. The balance remained at zero up till May 2013.

23 The last issue concerned the calculation of the amounts claimed by the
Plaintiff. The Defendants contended that the Plaintiff’s interest rate was
inconsistent.[note: 46] Essentially, the letters of demand sent by the
Plaintiff on 21 February 2013 had computed the outstanding amount based on an
erroneous default interest rate of 10%.[note: 47] In RBS’ General Facility
Provisions, cl 7 states that the default interest rate shall be 3% above the
interest rate charged on the facilities.[note: 48] The Plaintiff had arrived
at 10% because it had erroneously stated in its letters of demand that the
default interest rate was 4% above the applicable interest rate specified in
the facility.[note: 49] This resulted in an accrued interest of $31,200.60 on
the amount due of $344,192.79 on 21 February 2013. However, this mistake had
clearly been rectified by the Plaintiff. In the conclusion to its statement of
claim, it prayed for interest at 9%.[note: 50] This was repeated in its reply
to the defence,[note: 51] and in its affidavits.[note: 52] Specifically, the
Plaintiff’s spreadsheet in its second affidavit used 9% in showing the
breakdown and calculation of the claimed amount.[note: 53] As such, it was
clear the Plaintiff based its claim on a 9% interest rate.

24 The Defendants also brought up various discrepancies in the calculations
from which the amount claimed was derived.[note: 54] The Plaintiff had on 21
March 2014 generated computation tables for reference at the hearing
below.[note: 55] These tables showed, in some detail, the sums claimed, the
interest calculations and amounts set off by the Defendants’ part-payments for
Suit No 512 as well as the other two suits. The Defendants on 31 March 2014
responded to the computation tables, and alleged that the Plaintiff had
changed its pleaded position by submitting the tables.[note: 56] The Plaintiff
addressed the Defendants’ concerns on 7 April 2014.[note: 57] I disagreed with
the Defendants that the Plaintiff had departed from its pleaded position
simply by submitting tables that explained how they arrived at their final
calculations. Before me, the Defendants repeated their assertions that the
Plaintiff’s figures were clearly wrong, but they could not explain the basis
of their assertions or state what the correct figures, in their view, should
be. Their claims remained mere assertions.

Conclusion

25 I therefore concluded that the Defendants had not crossed the threshold of
raising a triable issue – there was no _bona fide_ defence to the claim on the
merits: _Habibullah Mohamed Yousuff v. Indian Bank_ [1999] 2 SLR(R) 880 at
[21].

26 On costs, I agreed with the Plaintiff that they should be ordered on an
indemnity basis. This was provided for in the agreement between the parties
(see [4] and [12] above) and there was no evidence that the Plaintiff had
acted in an improper manner: see __eg__ , _Abani Trading Pte Ltd v BNP Paribas
and another appeal_ [2014] 3 SLR 909 at [93]-[95]. However, as the assistant
registrar had ordered $15,000 in costs for Suit No 511, I was of the view that
her costs orders of $12,000 each for Suit Nos 512 and 513 were excessive as
the work was largely repetitive. Hence, I revised her costs orders for Suit
Nos 512 and 513 to $5,000 each. For the Registrar’s appeals before me, I
awarded $15,000 for Suit 511 and $2,500 each for Suit Nos 512 and 513. In each
case, disbursements would be additional.

* * *

[note: 1]Bundle of Cause Papers (Suit No 512 of 2013; Registrar’s Appeal in RA
No. 183 of 2014) at Tab 5, pp3 and p6 (“BCP”).

[note: 2]BCP at Tab 5, p3.

[note: 3]BCP at Tab 5, p20.

[note: 4]BCP at Tab 5, p30.

[note: 5]BCP Tab 5 at p32 and p37.

[note: 6]BCP Tab 5 at p40.

[note: 7]BCP Tab 5 at p20 and p41.

[note: 8]BCP Tab 5 at p41.

[note: 9]BCP Tab 5 at p39 and pp140-152.

[note: 10]BCP Tab 5 at p50. See clauses 12 and 14.

[note: 11]BCP Tab 5 at p15.

[note: 12]BCP Tab 5 at p54.

[note: 13]BCP Tab 5 at p7.

[note: 14]BCP Tab 5 at p7, p70 and p77.

[note: 15]BCP Tab 5 at p8, p72 and p103.

[note: 16]BCP Tab 1 at p6-7.

[note: 17]Plaintiff’s Bundle of Documents Tab 2 at p5 (“PBOD”).

[note: 18]PBOD Tab 2 at p5.

[note: 19]BCP Tab 5 at p20.

[note: 20]PBOD at Tab 4 p8 at line 11.

[note: 21]PBOD at Tab 4 p8 at lines 13-14.

[note: 22]PBOD at Tab 4 p8 at lines 28-31 and p9 at lines 1-2.

[note: 23]BCP at Tab 7 p19.

[note: 24]BCP at Tab 7 p10 at [29].

[note: 25]PBOD at Tab 4 p9.

[note: 26]PBOD Tab 4 at p9 lines 7-13.

[note: 27]Defendants/Appellants’ Bundle of Documents/Authorities Tab 1 at p1.

[note: 28]Defendants/Appellants’ Bundle of Documents/Authorities Tab 1 at p1.

[note: 29]BCP Tab 1.

[note: 30]BCP Tab 3 p 9.

[note: 31]BCP Tab 5 at p31 and p35.

[note: 32]BCP Tab 5 at p50.

[note: 33]BCP Tab 5 at p32 and p37.

[note: 34]BCP Tab 5 at p59.

[note: 35]Plaintiff’s skeletal submissions at [19].

[note: 36]BCP Tab 5 at para 4.

[note: 37]BCP Tab 5 p42.

[note: 38]BCP at Tab 5, p30.

[note: 39]BCP at Tab 5 p39.

[note: 40]Defendants/Appellants’ Bundle of Documents/Authorities at Tab 8.

[note: 41]Defendants/Appellants’ Bundle of Documents/Authorities at Tab 8 p2.

[note: 42]BCP Tab 5 at pp141-152.

[note: 43]BCP Tab 5 at pp62-101.

[note: 44]BCP Tab 5 at p7, p70 and p77.

[note: 45]BCP Tab 5 at p8, p72 and p103.

[note: 46]Defendants/Appellants’ Bundle of Documents/Authorities at Tab 14.

[note: 47]See Statement of Claim (Amendment No. 1) at [14].

[note: 48]BCP Tab 5 at p40.

[note: 49]BCP pp 105, 108 and 110.

[note: 50]Statement of Claim (Amendment No. 1) at [17ii].

[note: 51]Reply at [17].

[note: 52]BCP Tab 5 at [24] and Tab 7 at p19.

[note: 53]BCP Tab 7 at p19.

[note: 54]Defendants/Appellants’ Bundle of Documents/ Authorities at Tab 5.

[note: 55]Defendants/Appellants’ Bundle of Documents/ Authorities at Tab 4, p1
and pp7-9.

[note: 56]Defendants/Appellants’ Bundle of Documents/ Authorities at Tab 5.

[note: 57]Defendants/Appellants’ Bundle of Documents/ Authorities at Tab 6.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 24 Apr 2015 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

