Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the republic of singapore

[2016] SGHC 252

Suits No 263, 264 and 271 of 2010

Between

(1)| Syed Ahmad Jamal Alsagoff(as Administrator of the Estates of Shaikah
Fitom binte Ghalib bin Omar Al-Bakri, Syed Salleh bin Hashim bin Mohamed
Alhabshee, Sallim Hashim Mohamed Alhabshee @ Syed Sallim bin Hashim bin
Mohamed Alhabshee, Noor binti Abdulgader Harharah and S Ali bin Abdulkadir
Harharah)  
---|---  
(2)| Abdul Majid Omar Harharah (as Administrator of the Estate of Noor binti
Abdulgader Harharah)  
(3)| Kamiliah binte Ali Harharah (as Administratrix of the Estate of S Ali bin
Abdulkadir Harharah)  
(4)| Fatimah Mohamed Hashim Alhabshee  
(5)| Abdullah bin Mohd bin Abdullah Alhabshee alias Abdullah Mohammed Abdullah
Al-Hebshi  
  
… Plaintiffs

And

(1)| Harun bin Syed Hussain Aljunied @ Harun Aljunied  
---|---  
(2)| Syed Abdulkader bin Syed Ali @ Syed Abdul Kader Alhadad(The 1st and 2nd
Defendants as Trustees of the Will ofSyed Ahmad bin Abdulrahman bin Ahmat
Aljunied)  
(3)| BMS Hotel Properties Pte Ltd  
(4)| Syed Salim Alhadad bin Syed Ahmad Alhadad  
(5)| Syed Ahmad Alhadad bin Syed Abdulkader Alhadad  
(6)| Syed Jafaralsadeg bin Abdulkader Alhadad  
(7)| Syed Ibrahim bin Abdulkader Alhadad(The 4th to 7th Defendants as the
former Trustees of the Will of Syed Ahmad bin Abdulrahman bin Ahmat Aljunied)  
  
… Defendants

grounds of decision

[Evidence] — [Proof of evidence] — [Standard of proof] – [Submission of no
case to answer in civil matter]

[Landlord and tenant] — [Distress for rent]

[Landlord and tenant] — [Termination of leases] — [Forfeiture]

[Tort] — [Conspiracy]

[Tort] — [Misrepresentation] — [Fraud and deceit]

[Trusts] — [Trustees] — [Trustee de son tort]

[Trusts] — [Trustees] — [Intermeddling in trust property]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Syed Ahmad Jamal Alsagoff (administrator of the estates of Shaikah Fitom bte
Ghalib bin Omar Al-Bakri and others) and others

  
v

  

Harun bin Syed Hussain Aljunied and others and other suits

[2016] SGHC 252

High Court — Suits No 263, 264 and 271 of 2010  
Aedit Abdullah JC  
30 June, 1–2 July, 14 December 2015; 7 January 2016

9 November 2016

Aedit Abdullah JC:

Introduction

1 In this case the Plaintiffs sought to assert their leasehold interests
granted to their predecessors in title over three adjacent properties, which
the Defendants purported to have terminated previously. The Plaintiffs further
claimed in fraud, conspiracy, and intermeddling against the Defendants. At the
trial, only one witness testified for the Plaintiffs. Some of the Defendants
did not participate in the proceedings, but those who did (“the active
Defendants”) submitted that there was no case to answer and adduced no
evidence on their part. Having considered the evidence and submissions, and
bearing in mind the Defendants’ election, I found that the Plaintiffs’ claim
asserting the subsistence of their leasehold interests was successful, but
dismissed their claims in fraud, conspiracy and intermeddling. The Plaintiffs
have appealed.

Background

2 The present suit was a consolidated suit bringing together three different
suits in respect of three properties: Suits No 263, 264 and 271 of 2010.

3 The three properties at the centre of the disputes were No. 18, 20 and 22
Upper Dickson Road (“No. 18”, “No. 20” and “No. 22” respectively, “the
properties” collectively). They were located adjacent to each other. Leasehold
interests were carved out of the freehold interests of the three properties in
the late 19th century. A chronology of events gives the best overview of the
state of affairs between the parties:

(a) In 1877, a lease for 999 years (“the lease”) was granted for the
properties by one Kavena Koonjan Chitty to Moon Meyna Chitty.

(b) In 1892, one Syed Ahmad bin Abdulrahman bin Ahmat Aljunied (“Ahmad
Aljunied”) acquired the reversionary interest over the properties. His estate
had apparently not been fully administered. The 4th to 7th Defendants asserted
that they were the trustees of his estate in the mid-1990s (“the Former
Trustees”). The 1st and 2nd Defendants asserted that they were the present
trustees of that estate.

(c) In 1969, the leasehold interests were according to the Plaintiffs assigned
as follows:

(i) No. 18: This was assigned to one Syed Mohamed bin Hashim bin Mohamad
Alhabshi (“Mohamad Alhabshi”). Mohamad Alhabshi passed away in 1973. The 4th
and 5th Plaintiffs claimed that they were the beneficiaries, directly and
indirectly, of the estate of Mohamad Alhabshi, represented by the 1st
Plaintiff as their attorney.

(ii) No. 20: This was assigned to Shaikh Ali bin Abdulgader Harharah (“Ali
Harharah”). A one third-share in the leasehold interest was supposedly
assigned by Ali Harharah to one Noor binti Abdulgader Harharah (“Noor
Harharah”). The two passed away in the 1990s. The 1st and 2nd Plaintiffs
claimed to be administrators of the estate of Noor Harharah. Grant of probate
in respect of the estate of Ali Harharah was made in 2013 to the 1st and 3rd
Plaintiffs.

(iii) No. 22: This was assigned to one Shaikhah Fitom binte Ghalbi bin Omar
Al-Bakri (“Fitom Al-Bakri”). Fitom Al–Bakri passed away in 1973. In February
2015, the 1st plaintiff was appointed the administrator of Fitom Al-Bakri’s
estate.

It was noted that the purported present beneficiaries of the leasehold
interests were generally abroad.

4 The Plaintiffs sought, among other things, a declaration that the lease
subsisted and that the leasehold interests in the three properties have not
been extinguished. The version put forward by the Defendants was that the
lease was determined as the covenants in it were not observed. The Defendants
alleged that the Plaintiffs (and their predecessors in title) had for years,
in breach of the covenants, failed to pay the rent of one Spanish Dollar on
the 1st of January of every year without demand to the lessor; not used the
properties as dwelling houses; not obtained the lessor’s permission on the
change of use of the properties; not obtained the lessor’s consent in respect
of a partial assignment of the leasehold interests of No. 20; and had not been
able to account for the loss of 218 square feet of land from the properties.
The Former Trustees had supposedly notified the Plaintiffs of these breaches
by a letter in July 1993. The Defendants said that the Former Trustees were
entitled, by reason of the Plaintiffs’ breaches of the lease, to forfeit the
lease, and had so became vested with both the reversionary as well as the
leasehold interests in the three properties.

5 In 1994, the 4th to 7th Defendants, as the Former Trustees, purportedly
conveyed both the reversionary interests and the leasehold interests in the
properties to the 3rd Defendant (“the Conveyance”). This was followed by a
Deed of Rectification and Confirmation dated 1 November 1994 (“the
Confirmation”), between the 4th to 7th Defendants on one side, and the 3rd
Defendant on the other.

6 There were various contentions made by both sides about the estates of the
various deceased persons, and who was a proper trustee of those estates. These
were not generally material in the present proceedings, and any challenge to
the status of the Plaintiffs or their predecessors had to be by way of
separate proceedings. There were also other proceedings relating to issues
relevant for the present action. For instance:

(a) In 1994, the 3rd Defendant sought to obtain possession of the properties
in OS No. 1234 of 1994. Then in 1995, Ali Harharah, together with some others,
took out proceedings against the 3rd to 7th Defendants in OS No. 1052 of 1995
to set aside the Conveyance and Confirmation. An order was made for possession
of the properties in OS No. 1234 of 1994, and the application for OS No. 1052
of 1995 was dismissed. Subsequently, in Summons No. 4805 of 1999 and Summons
No. 4961 of 1999, Kamal Harharah, a son of Ali Harharah, applied to set aside
that order for possession and the order dismissing OS No. 1052 of 1995
respectively. Lai Siu Chiu J granted both applications in respect of No. 20,
but ordered the status quo to be maintained as regards No. 18 and No. 22.
This, the Plaintiffs said, was so that representatives could be appointed for
the estates of Mohamed Alhabshi and Fitom Al-Bakri before the relevant orders
could be made for No. 18 and No.22.

(b) In Summonses No. 2248, 2250 and 2249 of 2010, Belinda Ang J, in a judgment
reported as Syed Ahmad Jamal Alsagoff (administrator of the estate of Noor bte
Abdulgader Harharah, deceased) and ors v Harun bin Syed Hussein Aljuied (alias
Harun Ajunied) and others and other suits [2011] 2 SLR(R) 661 (“the 2011
striking out decision”), determined an application for striking out which
touched on the relationship between the present suit and the earlier
proceedings.

(c) In Suit No. 424 of 2011, the 1st and 2nd Defendants of the present action
brought a claim against the 3rd Defendant for failure to pay the full
consideration for the conveyance of the reversionary interests and the
leasehold interests in the three properties. I gave my decision for Suit No.
424 of 2011 concurrently with my decision for the present action.

(d) OS No. 1122 of 1992 involved an application by the 4th and 5th Defendants
to have themselves appointed trustees of the trusts of the will of Ahmad
Aljunied. Certain related orders were granted. This was the subject of an
intervention application before me, which I dealt with separately.

7 At the close of the Plaintiffs’ case, the active Defendants submitted that
there was no case to answer, and so did not call any evidence. They elected to
so submit knowing the consequences of their choice. As it was then, the only
evidence admitted was that of the Plaintiffs’ sole witness, Syed Ahmad Jamal
Alsagoff (“Jamal”), who was the 1st Plaintiff in this action and managing
agent of the other plaintiffs.

The Plaintiffs’ Case

8 The Plaintiffs’ primary contention was that the Defendants had over many
years deprived them of their inheritance, ie the leasehold interests in the
properties. The Plaintiffs asserted that they were the beneficial owners of
the leasehold interests, and claimed that the Conveyance and Confirmation were
executed either in fraud and/or conspiracy. It was also claimed that there was
intermeddling of the estates, rendering the Defendants constructive trustees.
In terms of specific remedies, the Plaintiffs sought declarations that the
lease remained valid with the beneficial leasehold interests vesting in them,
and the expunging of the various interests registered by the Defendants in
consequence of the Conveyance being null and void.

9 The Plaintiffs said that the lease subsisted because under the terms of the
lease, the remedy for non-payment of the annual rent was to levy execution on
goods and chattels found on the properties to recover the rent in arrears, and
not re-entry qua forfeiture as claimed by the Defendants. Furthermore, there
was nothing adduced in evidence as to what the outstanding rent was since this
was expressed to be in Spanish Dollars in the lease, and the Spanish Dollar
had ceased to be in use. There was also uncertainty as to who, if anyone,
could have continued to collect the rent, as there was an extended period of
time between 1958 and 1992 during which no trustee was appointed under the
estate of Ahmad Aljunied.

10 The essence of the Plaintiffs’ case was that the 4th to 7th Defendants
schemed to dispose of the reversionary interests of the properties free of the
leasehold interests on the basis that the leasehold interests had been
forfeited. Various allegations were made concerning the Defendants. The 4th to
7th Defendants committed fraud when they obtained appointment as trustees of
the trusts of the will of Ahmad Aljunied even though they had no basis, by
concealing facts from the judge in an application under OS No. 1122 of 1992.
The Defendants also insisted that they had forfeited the lease even though
they knew that they had no right to do so; they alleged that the Plaintiffs
had breached the terms of the lease by failing, inter alia, to pay the rent,
and that they had in 1993 issued notices to the Plaintiffs about those
breaches. They then said that they had a right to re-enter and determine the
lease through forfeiture when the Plaintiffs failed to remedy the breaches,
and that they had exercised that right. The Plaintiffs dispute that the
Defendants had ever issued the notices (no copies of which had been produced
to the court), and that they had ever re-entered the properties, which at all
times were in the possession of either the Plaintiffs or the Plaintiffs’
predecessors. In any event, the lease did not provide the lessor with the
power of forfeiture in the circumstances set out by the Defendants, and the
Defendants knew that; the 4th to 7th Defendants had, in a previous lawsuit
concerning the sale of other properties belong to the trusts of the will of
Ahmad Aljunied, obtained advice from two Queen’s Counsel that under the terms
of the lease concerning those properties, the lessor had no right to forfeit
the leasehold interests. With respect to the Conveyance, the Plaintiffs argued
that the 4th to 7th Defendants had purported to convey the properties to the
3rd Defendant, despite the Plaintiffs’ predecessors being in occupation and
possession of the properties. Further, the 3rd to 7th Defendants knew that the
Conveyance was doubtful, and that was why they had felt the need to execute
the Confirmation. The purported conveyance was also short of full payment of
consideration by the 3rd Defendant, and the fact that the Conveyance and
Confirmation were executed nonetheless without full payment showed that it was
a sham. In fact, the 3rd Defendant had entered into a secret deed of
settlement with the 6th Defendant as attorney of the estate of Ahmad Aljunied.

11 The 1st and 2nd Defendants acted in fraud as well, as their position was
premised on adopting the acts and deeds of the 4th to 7th Defendants,
perpetuating fraud against the Plaintiffs, registering the order of dismissal
in OS No. 1052 of 1995 against the properties despite the order of Lai Siu
Chiu J for Summons No. 4961 of 1999 (see [6(a)] above), and requiring the
tenants and occupants of the properties to pay rent to them instead of the
rightful lessors, the Plaintiffs.

12 The Plaintiffs alleged that the actions of the Defendants in the Conveyance
and Confirmation and the earlier proceedings as set out above was evidence of
a conspiracy between the Defendants by lawful means. It was argued that since
the Defendants had submitted that there was no case to answer, the Plaintiffs
only had to adduce prima facie evidence of their case. The Plaintiff had only
one witness, Jamal, who was the administrator of the estates of Mohamad
Alhabshi, one of two administrators of the estate of Noor Harharah, one of two
personal representatives of the estate of Ali Harharah, the sole administrator
of Fitom Al–Bakri, an attorney of the beneficiaries of these estates, and the
1st Plaintiff in the present action.

The 1st and 2nd Defendants’ Case

13 The 1st and 2nd Defendants submitted that there was no case to answer as
the Plaintiffs had not made out on their evidence even a prima facie case for
their claims. A number of general points were made. The burden of proof was on
the Plaintiffs and was not discharged. The evidence of the Plaintiffs was
wanting. There were various omissions or failings in the evidence of Jamal,
the Plaintiff’s only witness. Jamal referred to various matters that were not
in the pleadings. He had no personal knowledge of the facts which were germane
to the case. In fact, he had no knowledge of what had transpired concerning
the properties before 2004. He relied on what was reported by various persons
from whom no evidence was led. While he confirmed that two lawyers were
involved in the preparation and execution of the deeds for the Conveyance and
Confirmation, yet they were never called to give evidence. The Plaintiffs were
thus relying on inadmissible hearsay evidence. Improper attempts were also
made to admit evidence; the Plaintiffs attempted to admit documents which were
not included in their list of documents. No formal application for leave of
court to admit new documents was made, and no affidavit was filed to explain
the late filing of documents. Furthermore, there were defects in the
Plaintiffs’ pleadings which could not be cured by averments in the affidavits.

14 It was noted that the Plaintiffs’ attack on the Conveyance and Confirmation
was made primarily to uphold the lease and their leasehold interests. The
Plaintiffs’ claims against the Defendants were in fraud, conspiracy and
intermeddling. Fraud required a high level of proof, which was not made out by
the Plaintiffs as they failed to adduce sufficient evidence. Furthermore,
while fraud was alleged in respect of the Defendants’ purported “assignment”
of the properties’ leasehold interests, no assignment was in fact done and the
Plaintiffs failed to show how there was any such assignment as part of their
pleaded case. Various other allegations were made by the Plaintiffs, but they
were not supported by evidence. None of the allegations they made amounted to
fraud or conspiracy. The failure to have full payment for the Conveyance could
not be sufficient evidence of fraud. Whatever arrangements were made between
the Defendants, the Plaintiffs did not lead any evidence that those
arrangements were made mala fides. With respect to the Plaintiffs’ allegation
that the Defendants had not asserted their title to the properties as two of
the properties remained vacant, the 1st and 2nd Defendants submitted that this
did not, in any event, support the Plaintiffs’ case. There was nothing to
support the Plaintiffs’ claim that the Defendants did not own the leasehold
interests.

15 The 1st and 2nd Defendants further argued that the conspiracy claim was
also not made out. As regards conspiracy by unlawful means, there was nothing
in the Plaintiffs’ pleaded case that showed that the Defendants had done any
criminal or illegal acts. As for conspiracy by unlawful means, the essence of
a conspiracy is agreement between the alleged conspirators but there was no
pleading in this case as to the existence of such an agreement. In any case,
any complaints pertaining to the propriety of the Conveyance and Confirmation
could not concern the 1st and 2nd Defendants, who were not trustees of the
trusts of the will of Ahmad Aljunied at the material time. Nothing was also
pleaded as to the predominant purpose of any agreement between the Defendants.
Any agreement that the Defendants had was intended to further their own
commercial interests rather than to injure the Plaintiffs.

16 Other possible causes of action, such as unlawful interference and breach
of trust, were not pleaded.

17 In addition, the 1st and 2nd Defendants submitted that in any event, the
Plaintiffs’ claims were time-bared. They said that under Section 9(1) of the
Limitation Act (Cap 163, 1996 Rev Act), the standing of the Plaintiffs would
be valid for 12 years from the date on which the right of action accrued to
them. The Plaintiffs had become aware of the relevant facts by 1994 when they
were parties to OS No. 1234 of 1994 and OS No. 1052 of 1995, 16 years before
they commenced the present suit in 2010. There was also deemed discontinuance
of Summons No. 4961 of 1999 but even if the Plaintiffs had elected to
reinstate that discontinued action, the time bar would have applied
nonetheless.

18 It was noted that no reply was filed by the Plaintiffs with respect to the
1st and 2nd Defendants’ submissions on limitation and inadequacy of evidence
tendered.

The 6th Defendant’s Case

19 The 6th Defendant was in person. His position largely mirrored that of the
1st and 2nd Defendants. The 6th Defendant’s main point was that the
Plaintiffs’ witness, Jamal, did not have personal knowledge of the various
matters, and that his evidence should not thus be accepted. It was also said
that there was no basis for the Plaintiffs’ claims. The 6th Defendant
reiterated that the lease was validly terminated.

20 The 6th Defendant was an undischarged bankrupt, but his status was not in
issue in the present case.

The Other Defendants

21 The other Defendants did not participate in the proceedings.

The Decision

22 The active Defendants in these proceedings chose to submit that there was
no case to answer. They were asked to confirm, and did confirm their
understanding of the consequences. By submitting that there was no case to
answer they had elected not to call evidence on their own behalf. The
affidavits that they had filed were not therefore evidence that I could
consider in reaching my decision, though I would be able to take into account
whatever was elicited by them in cross-examination of the Plaintiffs’ witness.
Given this stand, I had to assess the Plaintiffs’ claim on the basis of the
evidence that was before me up to that stage of the proceedings, and consider
whether that evidence was sufficient to establish their claim.

23 The basis of the Plaintiffs’ claim was that the leasehold interests in the
properties subsist, and that they were the beneficiaries. The Defendants
argued otherwise, claiming that the lease had been terminated. The Plaintiffs
needed only to plead that the lease subsisted. They did not need to plead that
there were no termination of their lease. As it was the Defendants who argued
that the lease had been terminated, the burden lay upon them to establish
this, and thus to plead this.

24 There was no dispute between the parties that the lease was created in
1877, and was to last for 999 years unless terminated earlier. On what
evidence there was before me, I could not conclude that there was valid
termination of the lease under the relevant law, ie the law in force at the
time of the purported forfeiture of the lease in 1994. In particular, the
lease did not contain an express reservation clause for forfeiture for non-
payment of rent, nor was payment of rent a condition of the lease. I accepted
the interpretation put forward by the Plaintiffs that the reference to re-
entry in the lease was re-entry only for the purposes of distraint. That being
so, the lease remained in force, and the Plaintiffs’ claim should succeed to
that extent.

25 However, I found that it was not proven that there was any fraud or
conspiracy committed by the Defendants. There was insufficient admissible and
relevant evidence of this. Any inference that I could draw from the conduct of
the Defendants fell short of establishing fraud or conspiracy. The Plaintiffs
also had a claim for intermeddling. It would seem that this was a claim on the
basis of the Defendants acting as trustees de son tort. But liability as a
trustee de son tort is premised on a person acting as if he is a trustee of a
particular trust. I did not see sufficient evidence of this in the present
case. The Defendants actions were to my mind premised on the view that they
had in fact forfeited the lease. In so far as the Defendant’s actions could be
taken as interference of contractual relations, I found that it was not
pleaded as such and in any event there was insufficient evidence supporting
this.

26 In the circumstances therefore, the Plaintiffs only succeeded on part of
their claim.

Analysis

The crystallisation of the issues

27 The Plaintiffs’ case was that the lease granted in 1877 remained in force,
and that the purported Conveyance was done in fraud. The Defendants had
conspired to commit the fraud. There was also intermeddling or interference in
the estates. The active Defendants denied these contentions, and maintained
that the lease had been forfeited or terminated, and there was no fraud,
conspiracy, or intermeddling. The Defendants’ election to submit that there
was no case to answer carried implications for the assessment of the case. The
issues would thus have to be dealt with in the following sequence:

(a) The effect of the submission of no case to answer;

(b) Whether the lease continued in existence;

(c) The claim of fraud and how this should be construed under the law;

(d) The claim in conspiracy;

(e) The claim for intermeddling in the estates.

A number of miscellaneous matters would then be addressed briefly at the end.

Effect of submission of no case to answer

28 Following the evidence of the sole witness for the Plaintiffs, the active
Defendants chose to submit that there was no case to answer. Upon being asked
to confirm their position, they maintained their stance and indicated that
they were aware of the consequences.

29 A submission of no case to answer meant that the active Defendants chose to
stand their case on the inadequacy of the Plaintiffs’ evidence: the affidavits
that the active Defendants had filed would not be admitted as evidence at all.
Conversely however, the Plaintiffs’ case rested solely on the evidence
adduced. There is no rule of evidence that the evidence of a plaintiff is to
be accorded full weight simply because of the defendant’s election of no case
to answer. What must be determined is whether there was any evidence adduced
by the plaintiff that prima facie establishes the elements of his claim. If
so, the plaintiff succeeds: Lim Swee Khiang and another v Borden Co (Pte) Ltd
and others [2006] 4 SLR(R) 745.

30 Thus, in the present case, the Plaintiffs had to show that their evidence,
namely that of their sole witness, established the elements of the various
heads of claim. A prima facie basis requires that the evidence, uncontradicted
and unless inconsistent with itself, proves facts which are elements of
particular claims. In the end, I found that the Plaintiffs only succeeded in
doing so in respect of their claim on the subsistence of the lease, but failed
in respect of the other allegations. For the latter what the Plaintiffs
brought in as evidence did not make out the claims even on a prima facie
level.

Continued existence of the lease

31 There has been no appeal by the Defendants on this point, which would thus
be dealt with relatively briefly. I was satisfied the lease had not been
validly terminated; the interests asserted by the Plaintiffs thus remained.
The question of the Plaintiffs’ proper succession to these interests was not
in issue before me, and would have been properly the subject of separate
probate proceedings. Whatever the outcome of that may be, that was a separate
matter.

32 The Plaintiffs argued that the lease subsisted. If there was any default in
the payment of rent, the right given to the owner of the reversionary
interests was only to re-enter and levy rent in arrears on seizure of goods
found on the premises. A public sale of the premises may be had if there were
insufficient goods. However, the lease could not be forfeited. The Defendants
also could not rely on the orders made for OS No. 1234 of 1994 and OS No. 1052
of 1995 (see [6(a)] above) to assert that the lease had been forfeited, as
those orders were wrongly obtained. Furthermore, those orders were obtained on
the basis that the leasehold interests had already merged with the revisionary
interests, which was the very point in issue in the present proceedings. The
Defendants on the other hand argued that there had been failure to pay rent as
required by the lease, that owing to that failure they as owners of the
reversionary interests had the right to forfeit the lease, and that they had
in 1993 issued to the Plaintiffs notices to terminate the lease.

33 The Plaintiffs’ contention required examination of the original terms of
the lease.

Terms of the lease

34 The relevant clause (“the Clause”) reads:

The said [MMM Chitty] doth for himself [etc] covenant promise and agree to and
with the said [KK Chitty etc] that the said [MMM Chitty etc] shall and will
well and truly pay or cause to be paid unto the said [KK Chitty etc] the said
rent of one Spanish Dollar at the several times aforesaid, and that in case
default shall be made thereon, and such rent or any part thereof shall be in
arrears and unpaid for the space of Three Calendar Months next after the time
hereby appointed for payment thereof, and where the sums ought to be paid and
satisfied as aforesaid it shall and may be lawful for the said [KK Chitty etc]
into and upon the said demised premises or any part thereof, to re-enter and
levy such rent so in arrears and unpaid by seizure and public sale of the
goods and chattels as may be found thereon and for want of sufficient goods
and chattels, then by Public sale of the said demised premises, or so much
thereof as may be sufficient for the payment and satisfaction of such rent so
in arrears and unpaid, and will at the expiration or sooner determination of
the said terms of 999 years peaceably yield up the said allotment portion or
section of Land…

35 In contemporary language, the Clause stipulates:

(a) An obligation to pay rent at one Spanish Dollar;

(b) If rent is unpaid for three months after it is due, the landlord may re-
renter and levy rent on the goods found on the property, or sell part of the
premises;

(c) The lessee will surrender the land on the expiration of 999 years or upon
any earlier determination.

36 The Plaintiffs argued that the obligation to pay rent was not a condition
of the lease, but only a covenant. The Plaintiffs further contended that the
provision did not operate as a forfeiture clause; it only provided for re-
entry to levy distress. It was not re-entry required for forfeiture, which
would have been peaceable re-entry or by way of an action for repossession. In
any event, there was no re-entry on the facts. The Plaintiffs also denied that
the Defendants had made formal demands for the rent. The Defendants, on their
part, essentially argued that under the lease they had the right of forfeiture
on non-payment of rent, and that valid notice of re-entry had been given in
1993. The lease was thus terminated, and the reversionary interest was free of
the claimed leasehold interests.

37 I found that non-payment of rent did not in itself give to the landlord a
right to forfeit. In so far as the Defendants purported to forfeit for non-
payment of rent, such forfeiture could only be done if either the payment of
rent was specified to be a condition of the lease, or the right of forfeiture
on non-payment of rent was specifically expressly provided for under the terms
of the lease. Neither was the case here. I agreed with the Plaintiffs that the
Clause did not make payment of rent a condition of the lease. The term
“condition” was not present within the Clause. There was also no separate
express reservation of the right of the landlord to forfeit the lease on non-
payment of rent. I accepted the Plaintiffs’ argument that the Clause, as
properly interpreted, provide for a right of re-entry that was specifically
limited for the purpose of distraining goods to make good the arrears in rent.
That limitation would not have been present under the Clause had the parties’
objective intention been to have the term “re-enter” entail re-entry for the
purpose of forfeiture. This very fact that the lease tied re-entry to
distraining for unpaid rent also pointed against non-payment of rent as being
a condition of the lease.

38 Furthermore, even if there was a right of forfeiture, formal demand would
be required to forfeit the lease, unless the lease provided that this was not
necessary. This was not the case here. The Land Titles Act (Cap 157, 2004 Rev
Ed) does provide for re-entry without formal demand, but the lease here was
not governed by the Land Titles Act. In 1993, any forfeiture would have
required compliance with the law in Singapore as it stood then, namely that
set out under the Landlord and Tenant Act 1730 (4 George II Chapter 28). The
active Defendants claimed that they had issued formal notices to the
Plaintiffs in 1993, but there was no proof of that since no copies of those
were produced to the Court.

39 In the circumstances therefore, on the Plaintiffs’ case, it was shown that
the lease claimed by the Plaintiffs continued to subsist.

Fraud

40 I did not find at the end of the day that fraud was made out. The
Plaintiffs had a heavy burden to discharge as their allegations were serious.
The evidence adduced by them did not bring them over the threshold. But
perhaps more importantly in the present case, the Plaintiffs did not make
clear what their cause of action was: fraud is not a cause of action in
itself, unless what is alleged is fraudulent misrepresentation or deceit.

41 The Plaintiffs’ argument was that fraud was committed by the Defendants in
respect of the Conveyance and Confirmation as:

(a) the 4th to 7th Defendants engineered their appointments as trustees of the
trusts of the will of Ahmad Aljunied. They knew that their grandfather, Syed
Ahmad bin Abdulkader Alhadad, was not the last surviving trustee of the trusts
and that there was therefore no capacity for them to be appointed as the
trustees, but deliberately chose to conceal the facts from the judge hearing
OS No. 1122 of 1992;

(b) the 6th Defendant knew from 1993 that the lease was validly held by the
Plaintiffs;

(c) the 4th to 7th Defendants’ allegation that they had in 1993 issued to the
Plaintiffs’ predecessors notices of breaches of the lease and of re-entry to
forfeit the lease was made as part of their strategy to forfeit the lease, but
no copy of those alleged notices had ever been produced;

(d) the 4th to 7th Defendants purported to convey the properties to the 3rd
Defendant even though the Plaintiffs’ predecessors in title were in occupation
and possession of the properties;

(e) the 3rd to 7th Defendants went ahead to execute the Conveyance even though
they were in doubt as to whether they could forfeit the lease. They had
obtained two Queen’s Counsel opinion that they would fail in their attempt to
forfeit the lease;

(f) the Defendants had never re-entered the properties for the purpose of
forfeiture;

(g) the 3rd Defendant did not give full consideration for the Conveyance,
contrary to what was stated in the deed for the Conveyance that full
consideration had been paid. The transaction was thus a sham transaction.

42 The active Defendants pointed primarily to the paucity of evidence of the
alleged fraud. The 1st and 2nd Defendants argued that the Plaintiffs’ pleaded
fraud was in the “assignment” of the properties’ leasehold interests, but this
was not supported by any evidence, and there was in fact no such assignment.
The allegations of fraud concerning the Conveyance and Confirmation also did
not relate to the 1st and 2nd Defendants, as they were not trustees of the
trusts of the will of Ahmad Aljunied then. Further, the 1st and 2nd Defendants
attacked the adequacy of the evidence of the Plaintiffs’ sole witness, Jamal.
They said that Jamal did not have any personal knowledge of the facts that
were material to the allegations, and could give no explanation in support of
the Plaintiffs’ allegation of fraud. Jamal made some assertions, but they were
not supported by evidence. What the Plaintiffs sought to rely on in Jamal’s
affidavit was also not in their pleaded case. Further, the Plaintiffs failed
to call the two lawyers who were involved in the preparation and execution of
the deeds for the Conveyance and Confirmation, The 6th Defendant made similar
points that the evidence produced by the Plaintiffs was not sufficient.

43 I accepted that the Plaintiffs’ case could not succeed in fraud as this
claim was not properly pleaded or argued. Fraud is essentially an allegation
of dishonesty. It must generally be tied to other elements to be a complete
cause of action. The most common claim invoking fraud is that for fraudulent
misrepresentation, or deceit. Aside from fraudulent misrepresentation, fraud
can also be element of other torts, such as fraud by an agent, as recognised
in cases such as Salford Corp v Lever [1891] 1 QB 168, and in Clerk and
Lindsell on Torts (Sweet & Maxwell, 21st Edition, 2014) (“Clerk and Lindsell
on Torts”) at 18-55. Allegations of fraud may additionally be made in respect
of other claims such as that for fraudulent trading under s 340 of the
Companies Act (Cap 50, 2006 Rev Ed), or fraudulent preference, or insurance
fraud. In such contexts, fraud involves some exploitation of an act of
dishonesty. None of these was applicable in the present case, and nothing was
pleaded by the Plaintiffs as such.

44 What the Plaintiffs appeared to have asserted was an independent, free-
standing cause of action of fraud. There is no such cause of action. In other
words, committing a dishonest act, without anything more, is not a tort. Nor
would it be sufficient to allege acts that may seem wrongful, without
establishing the other elements of a recognised tort. The complaints made by
the Plaintiffs against the Defendants (see [41] above) were essentially that
the Defendants knew that what they had claimed was something they were not
entitled to. The allegation was that they were not honest or acting bona
fides. Such lack of honesty or even dishonesty does not in itself gives rise
to a cause of action. No cases were cited in support of any proposition that
it does. No cases were in fact cited in submissions that would have allowed
the Court to tease out the doctrinal basis of the Plaintiffs’ claim.

45 The Plaintiffs had in the pleadings only referred to fraud generally. They
stated at para 17 of their Statement of Claim as follows:

The Plaintiffs plead that the Conveyance and the Confirmation were, insofar as
they purported to assign the Properties’ Leasehold Interest, both executed in
fraud…

Then again at para 30, it was stated that:

By the actions and conduct as set out in paragraphs 17 and 27 to 29, the
Defendants have acted in fraud with the intention of depriving the Plaintiffs
and/or the Estates of their rights and estate in the Properties’ Leasehold
Interest…

Such a general claim would not do: nothing was pleaded as to facts that would
ground a recognised cause of action. Fraud simpliciter is not enough.

46 Furthermore, in general, the evidence of Jamal, the sole witness for the
Plaintiffs, did not help them at all. He had no personal knowledge of the
events germane to the present dispute before he became involved in matters
concerning the properties in 2004. Even if hearsay evidence of the previous
events could be admitted through Jamal, the fact that he had not directly
perceived the events meant that his credibility and credit as a witness could
not add to the scales in favour of the Plaintiffs. Thus little weight could
ultimately be given to the Plaintiffs’ various allegations of fact as to
fraud.

Deceit or fraudulent misrepresentation

47 In so far as the Plaintiffs’ case alleging fraud was really one for
fraudulent misrepresentation, I did not find that this was established on the
facts, as the elements were not established. Following the Court of Appeal’s
decision in Panatron Pte Ltd and another v Lee Cheow Lee and another [2001] 2
SLR(R) 435 (at [14]), that cause of action has the following elements:

(i) A representation of fact made by words or conduct;

(ii) Such representation must have been made with the knowledge that it was
false, or without any genuine belief that it was true;

(iii) The representation must have been made with the intention that it should
be acted upon by the plaintiff or by a class of persons which includes the
plaintiff;

(iv) The plaintiff had acted upon the false representation; and

(v) The plaintiff suffered damage by acting upon the false representation.

No allegation of any representation

48 Misrepresentation must be particularised in the pleadings, identifying what
was stated, how it was stated, and to whom and by whom it was made. Without
these particulars, insufficient notice is given to the other party and to the
Court of the nature of the claim asserted to allow either rebuttal or proper
consideration.

49 In the present case, the pleadings did not allege anything in the nature of
a representation by the Defendants. Nothing in the pleadings could be so
construed, even on a broad reading. Further, the focus of the pleadings was on
the actions of the various Defendants; nothing was expressly addressed as to
any inducement or reliance by any other party let alone the Plaintiffs.

Insufficient proof of the elements of deceit or fraudulent misrepresentation

50 Even if there had been sufficient averment of fraudulent misrepresentation
or deceit in the pleadings, there was insufficient evidence adduced, even to
establish a prima facie case for the Plaintiffs. Common law requires serious
allegations such as those of fraud to be established by compelling evidence,
as the events alleged are deemed less likely to occur: Yogambikai Nagarajah v
Indian Overseas Bank [1996] 2 SLR(R) 774; Tang Yoke Kheng v Lek Benedict
[2005] 3 SLR(R) 263; and Chua Kwee Chen v Koh Choon Chin [2006] 3 SLR(R) 469
as cited by the Defendants. To prove fraud, the usual civil standard of proof
of balance of probabilities applies, but the strength and cogency of the
evidence that must be furnished before the Court would conclude that such
serious an allegation is established on this standard is relatively higher
than that in most other civil claims. By the same token, when, as in the
present case, the plaintiff is only required to establish his case on a prima
facie basis, the Court will still not lightly draw inferences on fraud without
sufficient proof.

51 There was nothing in the evidence adduced by the Plaintiffs that could have
given rise to or be construed as a representation by the Defendants. There was
in any event no evidence of any such representation coming from the
Plaintiff’s sole witness. There were allegations in respect of the conduct of
the Defendants, and their dealings with the tenants on the property. However
all of this conduct did not involve the making of any representation to the
Plaintiffs. What the Plaintiffs pointed to, even taken at the highest, would
have been false statements relating to the Conveyance and the proceedings in
court (eg OS No. 1122 of 1992 referred to above). But even if true, and I make
no findings on these allegations, the misrepresentations in any of these
contexts would have been to persons other than the Plaintiffs, a point
addressed below. It may be that offences or other torts may have been
committed, but these would not have helped the Plaintiffs before me.

52 Assuming that the Plaintiffs’ allegations and evidence provided proof of
misrepresentations by the Defendants, that alone would still not be
sufficient. The Plaintiffs had to show that they were induced to do something
by the fraudulent misrepresentations of the Defendants and must have suffered
loss because of such reliance on the misrepresentations. It would not be
enough to allege that some damage was caused to some other person, such as a
judge, sub-tenants or persons referring to a land register, for example. In
this case, nothing was led in evidence that there was any such reliance. Even
where it could be taken that someone might have been misled, such as the Court
which heard OS No. 1122 of 1992, this did not give rise to an actionable claim
by the Plaintiffs against the Defendants. Without pleading or evidence on
reliance, there was no causative link between any wrongful representations by
the Defendants to any damage suffered by the Plaintiffs. An essential part of
any claim in misrepresentation was thus missing.

53 Furthermore, there was neither allegations nor evidence that whatever
conduct of the Defendants, even if they do amount to misrepresentations, were
made with the intention of causing the Plaintiffs to act to their detriment,
and so caused the Plaintiffs to act to their detriment. It may be that the
Plaintiffs could see that the Defendants were asserting an incompatible
interest. It may also be that the Defendants were threatening to harm the
Plaintiffs’ interest. But none of these involve fraud or deceit as a
recognised tort. While it is not necessary for there to be intention to cause
harm to the Plaintiffs, what must be shown is that the Defendants must have
intended the Plaintiffs to act in reliance of their misrepresentation (see
[47(iii)] above). This was not made out, even on a prima facie basis, based on
the evidence adduced.

Conspiracy

54 I found that the Plaintiffs did not have sufficient evidence to prove the
claim in conspiracy either. The elements of the tort, in either form of
conspiracy by lawful or unlawful means, were not established on the
Plaintiffs’ evidence.

55 The Plaintiffs alleged there was prima facie evidence of both conspiracy by
lawful and lawful means. In respect of conspiracy by unlawful means, it was
said that there was evidence of the 4th to 7th Defendants working in
combination to get themselves appointed as trustees of the trusts of the will
of Ahmad Aljunied, by concealing relevant facts from the judge in an
application under OS No. 1122 of 1992 (see [10] above). The 3rd Defendant
became part of the conspiracy subsequently when it offered itself as a
purchaser of the properties, and finally the 1st and 2nd Defendants too when
they became aware of the circumstances under which the 4th to 7th Defendants
became appointed as the trustees and of the Conveyance and Confirmation but
chose not to distance themselves. There was prima facie evidence of the
intention of the Defendants to injure the Plaintiffs, as the object of the
Conveyance was, according to the Plaintiffs, to transfer the leasehold
interests to the 3rd Defendant. As for lawful means conspiracy, the
Plaintiffs, in a somewhat curious submission, said that this was made out as
well simply because the Defendants adduced no evidence that the predominant
purpose of their conduct was not to injure the Plaintiffs but to protect their
own interests or further a legitimate interest, and so from this it could be
demonstrated that the predominant purpose of the Defendants must be to injure
the Plaintiffs. The Plaintiffs said that they suffered damage in that they
were unable to deal with their leasehold interests as a result of the doing of
the Defendants.

56 The Defendants argued that with respect to the claim in conspiracy by
unlawful means, nothing was pleaded to aver that the acts complained of by the
Plaintiffs were criminal or illegal. As for conspiracy by lawful means, the
Plaintiffs had to but failed to establish any agreement between the Defendants
or the predominant purpose of that agreement. In asserting its claim, the
Plaintiffs referred to the Conveyance and Confirmation which were executed in
1994, but that was before the 1st and 2nd Defendants became trustees of the
trusts of the will of Ahmad Aljunied; the Plaintiffs thus failed to provide
that the Defendants were part of any agreement. The Plaintiffs’ sole witness
gave evidence that was contradictory to allegations made in his affidavit and
in the Plaintiffs’ pleadings. Overall, insufficient evidence was adduced to
establish the elements of the claim.

57 In Nagase Singapore Pte Ltd v Ching Kai Huat [2008] 1 SLR(R) 80 at [23],
Prakash J (as she then was) summarised the elements of both forms of
conspiracy as such:

(a) a combination of two or more persons and an agreement between and amongst
them to do certain acts;

(b) if the conspiracy involves lawful acts, then the predominant purpose of
the conspirators must be to cause damage or injury to the plaintiff but if the
conspiracy involves unlawful means, then such predominant intention is not
required;

(c) the acts must actually be performed in furtherance of the agreement; and

(d) damage must be suffered by the plaintiff.

Burden

58 As is the case for deceit, the threshold for establishing conspiracy is
high: the evidence that is relied upon to establish the elements of the tort
must be of a level that is convincing enough in light of the seriousness of
the allegations. The more serious the allegations asserted, the more
compelling the evidence must be to convince the Court that the allegations are
true (whether on a balance of probabilities or prima facie basis).

Lawful means conspiracy on the facts

59 The basis for the tort of lawful means conspiracy has been much doubted. As
has been noted on many occasions, it is odd that the mere combination or
agreement between parties to do what they were otherwise legally entitled to
do individually can be transformed into a tort, without the need for proof of
an independently unlawful act, simply because the predominant purpose of the
agreement between the conspirators is to cause damage or injury to the
plaintiff. The circumstances and factors that led to its first recognition as
a tort are probably different now. In any case, the tort has rarely been
successfully invoked in Singapore. Nonetheless, while there may be a lack of
enthusiasm for this tort, as well as unlawful means conspiracy, its continued
existence or otherwise in Singapore law will need to be determined by a higher
court, as was noted by the Court of Appeal in EFT Holdings, Inc and another v
Marinteknik Shipbuilders (S) Pte Ltd and another [2014] 1 SLR 860 (“EFT
Holdings”) at [90].

60 What was not in issue in this case was that damage to the Plaintiffs may be
made out, if the allegations they made against the Defendants were true.
However, there was insufficient evidence of any combination or agreement
between the Defendants. The Plaintiffs relied on inferences. It is true that
in proving a conspiracy, there is no need to show an express agreement.
Conspiracies by their nature may be secretive, and arise in the course of
dealings between those involved under circumstances where there may be little
direct evidence of a concrete or tangible agreement being reached by all of
them at the same time. Circumstantial evidence may be all that there is. The
presence of an agreement or combination may thus be derived or deduced from
the actions of the various members. In Asian Corporate Services (SEA) Pte Ltd
v Eastwest Management Ltd (Singapore Branch) [2006] 1 SLR(R) 901 (“Asian
Corporate Services”), it was noted (at [19]) that conspiracy would have to be
made out based on inferences drawn from overt acts and objective facts:

It is not often that the victim of a conspiracy will be able to obtain direct
evidence to prove the allegation. Proof of conspiracy is normally to be
inferred from other objective facts. As the English Court of Appeal said in R
v Siracusa (1990) 90 Cr App R 340 at 349:

[T]he origins of all conspiracies are concealed and it is usually quite
impossible to establish when or where the initial agreement was made, or when
or where other conspirators were recruited. The very existence of the
agreement can only be inferred from overt acts. Participation in a conspiracy
is infinitely variable …

And similarly in EFT Holdings, the Court of Appeal stated at [113]:

The existence of a combination is often inferred from the circumstances and
acts of the alleged conspirators (Kuwait Oil Tanker Co SAK v Al Bader [2000] 2
All ER (Comm) 271 (“Kuwait Oil Tanker”) at [110]; Asian Corporate Services
(SEA) Pte Ltd v Eastwest Management Ltd (Singapore Branch) [2006] 1 SLR(R) 901
at [19]; The Dolphina [2012] 1 SLR 992 (“Dolphina”) at [262]–[264]).These
cases were concerned with conspiracy by unlawful means, but the same approach
would be taken whichever form of conspiracy is alleged.

61 Furthermore, inferences of the existence of a combination or agreement
would not be lightly drawn, and the presence of such a combination or
agreement has to be established on the balance of probabilities. It is not
sufficient to merely prove the presence of an agreement; there must also be
evidence that the alleged conspirators had taken concerted action pursuant to
that agreement: EFT Holdings at [113].

62 The objective evidence presented in the present case did not sufficiently
establish that there was any such combination or agreement between the
Defendants, even on a prima facie basis. All the Plaintiffs could point to
were:

(a) The fact that the 4th to 7th Defendants were together in an ex parte
application in OS No. 1122 of 1992 to have themselves appointed as trustees of
the trusts of the will of Ahmad Aljunied, in which they, according to the
Plaintiffs, did not give full and frank disclosure of material facts to the
judge;

(b) The 3rd Defendant offered itself as a purchaser of the properties;

(c) The 1st and 2nd Defendants were aware of the questionable nature of the
Conveyance and the deceit of the other Defendants.

63 Even if it may be shown that the 4th to 7th Defendants may have acted
together at least in relation to their application in OS No. 1122 of 1992, the
other Defendants were not so involved; the subsequent connection of the 3rd
Defendant, and then the 1st and 2nd Defendants to the properties did not show
that they were acting in concert with the 4th to 7th Defendants. While it is
correct, as the Plaintiffs submitted, that it is not necessary for all the
conspirators to come together and execute their respective roles in the scheme
at the same time (see OCM Opportunities Fund II, LP and Others v Burhan Uray
(alias Wong Ming Kiong) and Others [2004] SGHC 115), it is necessary to show
that they came together to take some form of concerted action, whether lawful
or otherwise, in pursuit of a common design: Gary Chan Kok Yew, The Law of
Torts in Singapore (Academy Publishing, 2nd Edition, 2016) (“The Law of Torts
in Singapore”) at 15.054; Clerk & Lindsell on Torts at 24-97. There was
nothing on the evidence from the Plaintiffs to show such common design
threading through all the Defendants.

64 In any case, even in respect of the 4th to 7th Defendants, the fact that
they were together in a summons to be appointed trustees did not by itself
show that there was combination in respect of a common design that would
support the Plaintiffs’ claim. The common design that formed the crux of the
Plaintiffs’ claim must not just be the 4th to 7th Defendants’ appointment as
trustees, but such common design must be one that implicated all the
Defendants in depriving the Plaintiffs of their rightful position as
beneficial owners of the leasehold interests. The presence of such a common
design was not proven on the evidence adduced by the Plaintiffs.

65 There was also insufficient evidence of a predominant purpose of the
Defendants to injure the Plaintiffs. There was no direct evidence of this. The
Plaintiffs had to rely on inferences from the conduct of the Defendants. But
what the Plaintiffs could point to, as enumerated above, was not sufficient to
establish their case even on a prima facie basis. What they had pointed to as
the basis for an inference of that purpose were only suppositions which were
entirely speculative: other possible reasons for the Defendants’ alleged
conduct could be reasonably postulated, including that the Defendants were
acting in what they perceived to be their own best interests. If so, then it
could not be said that they had a predominant purpose to injure the
plaintiffs: Crofter Hand Woven Harris Tweed Co, Ltd v Veitch [1942] AC 435.
Even on the Plaintiffs’ own evidence this element of the tort was not made
out.

Unlawful means conspiracy on the facts

66 For the same reasons as above, it was not established that there was any
combination between the Defendants. It has been noted in various texts such as
The Law of Torts in Singapore (at 15.062) that the same principles for
establishing combination straddle both forms of conspiracy. This is sound in
principle, as nothing appears to demand a different approach. Where perhaps
there may be a distinction is that the carrying out of unlawful acts by
various persons may more easily give rise to an inference that they may have
been in together: one does not normally expect to see a group of otherwise
disparate individuals committing the same act if it is unlawful unless there
has been some prior agreement causing them to do so.

67 In the present case, the fact that the 4th to 7th Defendants sought to be
appointed as trustees could be a sign that there was a combination among them
had it been proven that the appointment was unlawful: persons not acting in
concert would generally not be embroiled in the same unlawful act. But while
there may be a dispute as to whether those appointments were proper judging by
the circumstances of the appointments as alleged by the Plaintiffs (see [62(a)
above), that is far from showing that there was an unlawful act by way of the
4th to 7th Defendants making the application for the appointments. The
inference of a combination could not be drawn from this.

68 There was no evidence of the adoption by the Plaintiffs of any unlawful
means. The burden to show this lay on the Plaintiffs. Apart from the
allegation with respect to the circumstances of the 4th to 7th Defendants’
appointment as trustees (see above), the Plaintiffs’ essential argument was
that unlawful means was made out in so far as they alleged that the Defendants
had wrongly claimed to have the reversionary interests in the properties free
of the Plaintiffs’ beneficial leasehold interests in the same. The commission
of a tortious act would certainly be unlawful, but a wrong assertion of
property rights is not in itself necessarily a tort: the Plaintiffs had to
prove that the actions of the various Defendants involved some recognised
wrong that was actionable. Thus, for instance, in Max-Sun Trading and another
v Tang Mun Kit and another [2016] SGHC 203, the unlawful act was deceit or
fraudulent misrepresentation. In the present case, in order for the
Plaintiffs’ claim to succeed, it was necessary that the leases were not only
found to persist, but that the actions of the Defendants involved some tort
such as trespass, or interference with property rights. This was not shown.

69 Aside from wrongly claiming interests in the properties, the Plaintiffs
also seem to have invoked fraud as the underlying wrong committed by the
Defendants. It is true that in some conspiracy cases fraud is referred to as a
form of an unlawful means. There was reference to fraud in Wu Yang
Construction Group Pte Ltd v Zhejiang Jinyi Group Co, Ltd and others [2006] 4
SLR(R) 451 – but that appears to be a form of deceit on the facts. Another
case in which fraud was referred to was Yap Jeffery Henry v Seow Timothy and
others [2006] SGHC 6 but this case was concerned with fraud in the context of
s 340 of the Companies Act. A dishonest act alone by any of the Defendants
would not to my mind be sufficient; a recognised tort must have been
committed.

70 In addition, intention was not made out because such intention must be
intention to cause loss to the Plaintiffs by the unlawful acts: while it is
not necessary that the intention to injure must be the predominant purpose,
there must nonetheless be an intention to cause damage. The primary difficulty
faced by the Plaintiffs here was that the actions of the Defendants were,
based on what the Plaintiffs presented, plausibly not targeted at the
Plaintiffs as such but was in the pursuit of their own interests. This is not
to adopt the approach in Lonrho Ltd v Shell Petroleum Co Ltd (No. 2) [1982] AC
173 that intention to injure must be the sole objective of the tortfeasors,
which has not been adopted in subsequent cases. Rather, it is a finding that
in this case, the Plaintiffs had failed to prove any intention of the
Defendants to injure the Plaintiffs.

71 It is apposite here to set out the following passages in EFT Holdings:

99 What is clear is that it is not sufficient for the claimant to show that it
was reasonably foreseeable that the claimant would or might suffer damage as a
result of the defendant’s act. Lord Phillips of Worth Matravers MR who
delivered the judgment on behalf of the Court of Appeal in Hello! emphasised
that “there is an important conceptual and factual difference between a tort,
like negligence or breach of duty, which requires merely that the loss or
damage should be reasonably foreseeable and a tort, which requires actual
knowledge (or subjective recklessness) as to the consequences” such as the
tort of unlawful means conspiracy (Hello! at [160]).

100 We agree. The law has insisted on the element of “intention” for economic
torts in recognition of “the need to keep liability within acceptable bounds”
(Carty at p 302), particularly in the light of the effect that these torts
have on competition and the boundaries of acceptable conduct in the
marketplace (see also The Law of Torts in Singapore at para 15.004). The law
recognises that intentionally damaging other persons, by unlawful means is not
to be countenanced. In contrast, in the tort of negligence, liability is
imposed for a failure to meet an objective standard of reasonable conduct, no
matter the state of mind of the actor (The Law of Torts in Australia at p 15).

101 A claimant in an action for unlawful means conspiracy would have to show
that the unlawful means and the conspiracy were targeted or directed at the
claimant. It is not sufficient that harm to the claimant would be a likely, or
probable or even inevitable consequence of the defendant’s conduct. Injury to
the claimant must have been intended as a means to an end or as an end in
itself.

The Plaintiffs here fell short of the requirements set out above: any injury
to them was not shown to have been intended by the Defendants as a means to an
end or an end in itself.

Intermeddling / trustee de son tort

72 The Plaintiffs alleged that the Defendants’ purported disposal of the
leasehold interests by the Conveyance and Confirmation was intermeddling in
the trust property of the estates claimed by the Plaintiffs. They based this
on the admission by the various Defendants that the leasehold interests were
acquired by the Plaintiffs’ predecessors in title. Furthermore, while the 1st
and 2nd Defendants initially took issue with the grant of probate awarded to
the 1st Plaintiff in relation to the estate of Mohamad Alhabshi, the probate
action was eventually discontinued by consent. The upshot of all of this was
that the Defendants’ actions amounted to intermeddling in the trust property
of the estates, rendering them trustees de son tort, and thus holding the
trust properties as constructive trustees.

73 A key element of a claim against trustees de son tort is that they had
acted as trustees in relation to the trust even though they were not trustees.
While some of the authorities referred to such trustees as constructive
trustees (as for example in Mara v Browne [1896] I Ch. 199), they are
different from constructive trustees in other contexts: here the persons are
described as constructive trustees because they have taken on the trappings
and powers of an actual trustee, and have cloaked themselves as such though in
reality they are not. In the words of the editors of Lewin on Trusts (Sweet &
Maxwell, 19th Edition, 2014) at 42-101:

The principle is that a person who assumes an office ought not to be in any
better position that if he were what he pretends: he is accountable as if he
had the authority which has been assumed. While it is essential, if a person
is to become a trustee de son tort, that he consciously takes the office of
trustee, it does not matter whether he knows all the trusts or the extent of
his powers…

It is the conscious assumption of a position of a trustee that is the basis of
liability for a trustee de son tort.

74 The allegation that the Defendants should be made liable for intermeddling
as trustees de son tort was not made out. Any claim against persons who acted
as trustees de son tort must be in respect of the conduct of those person
purporting to act as trustees in relation to that specific trust. The
Plaintiffs pointed to the 4th to 7th Defendants’ application to be appointed
trustees of the trusts of the will of Ahmad Aljunied. The orders in that
application still stood; while there was a separate application, filed in 2015
by the Plaintiffs here to intervene in that matter, which I subsequently
determined after the decision in this case, I found that it was not
appropriate to allow such intervention given the passage of time and the
determination of the court there. In any event, the actions of the Defendants
in relation to the sale of the properties was premised on their view that the
leases were terminated or not in existence in favour of the Plaintiffs, and
that the grants of probate in favour of the Plaintiffs were not valid. Whether
or not this was correct was beside the point. Here, the Defendants were acting
not as trustees of the Plaintiffs’ claimed trusts under the respective estates
(which the Plaintiffs said the Defendants have intermeddled with), but as
trustees of some other trust or estate (ie the trusts of the will of Ahmad
Aljunied), and this alone meant that the Plaintiffs’ claim could not succeed.
A trustee de son tort purports to act for the beneficiaries: Nolan v Nolan
[2004] VSCA 109, and this underlines the conclusion that the Plaintiffs’ claim
against the 4th to 7th Defendants was not appropriate. Any assumption of the
office of the trustee by the Defendants appeared to have been for other
beneficiaries and not in relation to the trusts relied upon by the Plaintiffs.

75 It must be emphasised that a claim against a person qua trustee de son tort
is a limited claim; if the claim is really with interference with property,
that is a different cause of action.

76 While the Plaintiffs did not wholly adopt the language of a claim against a
trustee de son tort in their statement of claim, referring only to
intermeddling, there was insufficient evidence to support any broader claim of
knowing assistance or knowing receipt of trust property. Nothing of that
nature was put forward in the evidence at all, or raised in argument. The
Plaintiffs’ claim in intermeddling must thus be dismissed.

Limitation

77 The Defendants argued that the Plaintiffs’ claim was time-barred. The
Plaintiffs contended that this was not so for the action was commenced first
in 1995, and subsequently led to the consolidated suit in 2010. Given my
decisions above dismissing the Plaintiffs’ claims on the merits, I did not
need to determine this point, but had this been necessary, I would have
accepted that given the history of these proceedings, particularly the orders
made in 1995, that limitation was not triggered.

Res judicata

78 The Plaintiffs contended that the Defendants’ argument on limitation (see
above) was res judicata. The 1st and 2nd Defendants had in 2010 applied to
strike out the Plaintiffs’ present actions (then unconsolidated), on the basis
that they were an abuse of process, but Belinda Ang J had refused to grant the
application (see [6(b)] above which referred to “the 2011 striking out
decision”).

79 The Defendants argued that their present contention before me on limitation
was not res judicata. The basis for their striking out application before
Belinda Ang J was abuse of process on the grounds of res judicata and issue
estoppel, stemming from their view that the matters raised by the Plaintiffs
had already been decided by the orders made earlier for OS No. 1234 of 1994
and OS No. 1052 of 1995. Belinda Ang J did not find that there was an abuse of
process or issue estoppel. More importantly, the issue of limitation was never
raised before Belinda Ang J and so that could not now be said to be res
judicata.

80 Given my findings and decisions above (see [77]), I did not have to decide
on this point of res judicata.

No pleading of interference with contract or property rights

81 There may or may not have been other torts, such as interference with
contract or property rights, actionable against some or all of the Defendants,
but the Plaintiffs did not plead them. Their pleadings, as they stood, could
not be construed or interpreted as capturing or putting forward other causes
of action. My decision had to be made on the basis of the case taken to the
hearing and the evidence presented.

Other proceedings

82 Judgment was entered in the other set of proceedings (Suit No 424 of 2011)
brought by the 1st and 2nd Defendants in this case against the 3rd Defendant.
The two sets of proceedings should have been heard together, but it would
appear that owing to some oversight, they were not set down for the same trial
dates. The Plaintiffs were however informed of Suit No 424 of 2011 and invited
to make arguments about the effect of judgment for that matter on the present
case.

Orders Made

83 Various orders were granted in relation to the leases, but I did not
however make any order for damages as claimed by the Plaintiffs. In view of
the outcome, I was of the view that the most appropriate order was to make no
order as to costs. Time for appeal was extended while matters as to costs were
addressed, which took some time because of the unavailability of one of the
parties.

Aedit Abdullah  
Judicial Commissioner

Tan Teng Muan and Loh Li Qin (Mallal & Namazie) for the plaintiffs;  
Kirpal Singh and Osborne Oh (Kirpal & Associates) for the first and second
defendants; The sixth defendant in person;  
The third, fourth, fifth and seventh defendants unrepresented.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:40 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

