Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the republic of singapore

[2016] SGHC 282

Suit No 226 of 2016  
(Summons No 2494 of 2016)

Between

(1)| FOREST FIBERS INC  
---|---  
(2)| RGA HOLDINGS INTERNATIONAL INC  
  
… Plaintiffs

And

(1)| K K ASIA ENVIRONMENTAL PTE LTD  
---|---  
(2)| LOH CHOON PHING ROBIN  
|  
(3)| LOH YIN KUAN  
  
… Defendants

GROUNDS OF DEcision

[Civil procedure] — [Injunctions]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Forest Fibers Inc and another

  
v

  

K K Asia Environmental Pte Ltd and others

[2016] SGHC 282

High Court — Suit No 226 of 2016 (Summons No 2494 of 2016)  
Lai Siu Chiu SJ  
3 June 2016

27 December 2016

Lai Siu Chiu SJ

Introduction

1 Forest Fibers Inc (“the first plaintiff”) is a Canadian company while RGA
Holdings International Inc (“the second plaintiff”) is a Panamanian company.
Both companies are in the business of buying, selling and/or recycling waste
material and/or selling recycled products. The common director and shareholder
of both plaintiffs is a Canadian national, Colubriale Domenico (“Domenico”),
who is also the president of the second plaintiff.

2 KK Asia Environmental Pte Ltd (“the Company”) is a Singaporean company which
like the plaintiffs is in the business of buying and selling waste material
and/or processing waste material into recycled products and/or selling
recycled products. Loh Choon Phing Robin (“the second defendant”) and Loh Yin
Kuan (“the third defendant”) are shareholders and directors of the Company.
The second and third defendants will be referred to collectively henceforth as
“the defendants”. The third defendant is the father of the second defendant.
The Company owns a factory in Malaysia while the second and third defendants
own the Company’s sister company in Malaysia called KK Asia Malaysia situated
at Ampang, Selangor. The second defendant together with his wife jointly own
the property known as No 248 Carpmael Road, Singapore 429961 (“No 248”) while
the third defendant owned No 246 Carpmael Road, Singapore 429960 (“No 246”)
until it was sold on or about 1 April 2016. Henceforth, Nos 246 and 248 will
be referred to collectively as “the Properties”.

3 The second plaintiff applied in Summons No 2494 of 2016 (“the application”)
for an injunction against the defendants to restrain them from parting with,
selling, charging or otherwise disposing of the Properties. In the alternative
(under prayer 2), the second plaintiff applied for any sale proceeds of the
Properties (net of sale expenses) to be held by their solicitors as
stakeholders pending further orders. The second plaintiff sought a further
order that the defendants provide the details of the buyers of No 246, namely,
Tan Wee Kiat and Say Li Shan (“the purchasers”), and/or their solicitors.

4 I heard and dismissed the application. As the second plaintiff (with leave
granted by the Court of Appeal on 15 September 2016) has appealed against my
decision (in Civil Appeal No 140 of 2016), I now set out the reasons.

The facts

5 The genesis of Suit No 226 of 2016 (“the Suit”) was a Purchasing Finance
Agreement dated 22 April 2015 made between the first plaintiff and KK Asia
Malaysia. There was a  further Purchasing Finance Agreement dated 8 May 2015
(“the PFA”) made between the Company and the first plaintiff for the
“[p]urchase part” and between KK Asia Malaysia and the first plaintiff’s
associate company, Forest Fibers Hong Kong Ltd (“FFHK”), for the “[s]elling
part”. Domenico deposed that under the PFA, the first plaintiff agreed to
provide the Company with raw waste materials for the latter’s processing. The
Company would then account to the first plaintiff and/or FFHK for the finished
product and/or the Company would deliver the finished product for sale to
third party end-buyers on the instructions of the first plaintiff and/or FFHK.
Subsequent to the signing of the PFA, the defendants informed Domenico that
they were facing cash-flow problems. They requested Domenico to invest in the
Company; Domenico agreed.

6 Using the second plaintiff as the investment vehicle, a share sale agreement
dated 9 July 2015 (“the Share Sale Agreement”) was executed with the
defendants as the vendors. The second plaintiff agreed to purchase 50% of the
shares in the Company from the defendants for US$200,000. Currently, the
second plaintiff is a 50% shareholder in the Company while the defendants each
hold 25% shares.

7 The salient clauses of the Share Sale Agreement relevant to the application
are the following:

3.3 The [second plaintiff] shall have the option to sell the Sale Shares back
to the [defendants] for [US$200,000] plus simple interest at 5% per annum in
the event that the Company fails to generate net profits (before tax) of
US$200,000.00 within a 10 months plus period, i.e. from the date of this
Agreement to 31 May 2016. In such an event, the [defendants] shall pay the
[US$200,000] plus simple interest at 5% per annum to [the second plaintiff]
for the Sale Shares by 31 December 2016.

3.4 The [second plaintiff] undertakes to extend a loan of up to US$30,000.00
to the Company to finance its operations upon the request of the [defendants]
to be made on or before 1 October 2015.

3.5 The [defendants] acknowledge that the Company is indebted to the [second
plaintiff] for the sum of US$120,000.00 being a previous loan extended by the
[second plaintiff] to the Company. The [defendants], jointly and severally,
undertake that in the event that the Company fails to fully repay the said sum
of US$120,000.00 plus simple interest at 5% per annum to the [second
plaintiff] by 30 December 2016, they will pay 50% of the outstanding balance
to the [second plaintiff] by 31 December 2016 and the balance 50% of the
outstanding balance shall be absorbed and/or waived by the [second plaintiff].

3.6 The parties acknowledge that there is a rolling account of accounts
payable by the Company to [the first plaintiff]. In the event that the Company
is unable to pay such outstandings which are overdue, the [defendants]
undertake to pay 50% of the said overdue outstandings and the [second
plaintiff] undertakes to pay the balance 50% of the said overdue outstandings
to [the first plaintiff].

3.7 In light of the aforesaid undertakings, the [defendants] further undertake
not to sell their respective properties at 248 Carpmael Road, Singapore 429961
and 246 Carpmael Road, Singapore 429961.

8 Between 5 August 2015 and 15 September 2015, the first plaintiff claimed it
disbursed US$59,488.38 to the Company and/or third parties at the Company’s
request as loans or advances:

Date | Amount| Receiving Party | Purpose   
---|---|---|---  
5 Aug 2015 | US$11,461.56| The Company| Payment to subcontractor  
13 Aug 2015| US$14,462.00| Genox Recycling Tech Co Ltd| Payment for equipment
repair and spare parts  
2 Sep 2015| US$19,913.83| Forte International (M) Sdn Bhd| Payment for the
plaintiffs’ office expenses, employees’ wages, equipment and rental  
8 Sep 2015| US$3,950.99| Luis Pernet Rojas| Payment for the plaintiffs’ office
expenses, equipment and employees’ wages  
15 Sep 2015| US$9,700.00| Teguh Jaya Polymer Sdn Bhd | Payment for handling and other charges incurred by the plaintiffs   
  
9 Between 6 May 2015 and 15 July 2015, the second plaintiff claimed that at
the request of the Company and/or the defendants, it disbursed US$149,578.05
to the Company as loans:

Date | Amounts  
---|---  
6 May 2015| US$37,487.00  
7 May 2015| US$21,367.00  
22 May 2015| US$60,724.05  
15 July 2015| US$30,000.00  
  
10 The plaintiffs alleged that it was an express or implied term of the
various agreements between the parties that the various sums advanced or lent
by the plaintiffs were repayable on demand. On 19 January 2016, the first
plaintiff demanded repayment of US$59,488.38 from the Company by 26 January
2016. The Company failed to repay the said sum or any amount by 26 January
2016.

11 Further, the plaintiffs alleged that there was a breach of cl 3.5 of the
Share Sale Agreement in that the Company and the defendants failed to repay
the second plaintiff the advances/loans totalling US$149,578.05.

12 The plaintiffs then discovered that in breach of cl 3.7 of the Share Sale
Agreement, the third defendant had sold No 246 to the purchasers and disposed
of the sale proceeds.

13 Separately, the first plaintiff had sued the Company in Suit No 1159 of
2015 (“the 2015 Suit”) for its supply of waste materials totalling
US$188,038.89 to the Company and for US$75,000 it had paid to the Company for
waste materials which the Company failed to deliver.

14 On 24 December 2015, the first plaintiff obtained interlocutory judgment in
default of appearance against the Company in the 2015 Suit (“the default
judgment”) under O 13 r 2 of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2014 Rev Ed)
(“the Rules of Court”). The Company applied to set aside the default judgment
via Summons No 1522 of 2016. On 29 June 2016, with the consent of the first
plaintiff, the default judgment was set aside and leave was granted to the
Company to enter an appearance to the Writ of Summons.

15 Unbeknownst to the second plaintiff at the material time, the Company had
on or about 26 August 2015 informed two of its Malaysian subcontractors,
namely, Ever Classic Plastic Industries Sdn Bhd and Teguh Jaya Polymer Sdn
Bhd, that it would be closing its factory in Malaysia temporarily due to
shortage of materials. To-date the factory remains closed.

16 On 1 September 2015, the third defendant informed the second plaintiff by
email that he would no longer be putting money into the Company and would also
be closing its Singapore office. The third defendant requested the second
plaintiff to pay the monthly instalments owed by the Company to Standard
Chartered Bank (“SCB”) for the banking facilities provided by SCB. The sums
due to SCB formed part of the Company’s monthly expenses. The second plaintiff
did not accede to the third defendant’s request.

17 Domenico realised that the defendants were abandoning the Company due to
its dire financial situation. Hence, in anticipation of the second plaintiff’s
clams against the Company/the defendants and mindful that the latter had other
creditors, Domenico instructed his lawyers to, and they did, lodge caveats on
the Properties (“the Caveats”) on behalf of the second plaintiff.

18 On 24 February 2016, the Singapore Land Authority (“the SLA”) notified the
second plaintiff that the registered proprietors of Nos 246 and 248 (namely,
the third and second defendants respectively) had applied to cancel the
Caveats.

19 The action of the defendants prompted the plaintiffs to file the Suit on 9
March 2016. In the statement of claim, the plaintiffs claimed repayment of
loans and advances made to the Company of US$59,488.38 and US$149,578.05. As
against the defendants, the second plaintiff’s claims were for:

(a) the sums of US$29,744.19 and US$74,789.02 being half of the loans and
advances of US$59,488.38 and US$149,578.05 respectively made to the Company,
pursuant to cl 3.6 of the Share Sale Agreement;

(b) in the alternative, specific performance of cl 3.6 of the Share Sale
Agreement;

(c) a declaration of the validity of the charges on the Properties created
under cl 3.7 of the Share Sale Agreement.

20 On 16 March 2016, the second plaintiff filed Summons No 1255 of 2016
(“Summons 1255”) wherein it applied for the following orders:

(a) until the final determination of the action or until further order, the
Caveats on the Properties be maintained;

(b) in the alternative, until the final determination of the action or until
further order, the defendants be restrained from cancelling or seeking to
cancel the Caveats; and

(c) in the further alternative, until the final determination of the action or
until further order, the defendants’ application in [18] to cancel the Caveats
be suspended.

21 Summons 1255 was heard by Aedit Abdullah JC on 13 April 2016 and was
dismissed. In essence, Abdullah JC held that cl 3.7 upon which the second
plaintiff relied to maintain the Caveats did not amount to any caveatable
interest in land.

22 On 23 May 2016, the second plaintiff filed the application. In the
supporting affidavit filed by Domenico, he deposed that the Properties were
the only known assets of the defendants and if they were disposed of, the
second plaintiff ran the risk that any judgment it obtained “would be
toothless and devoid of substance” despite cl 3.7 of the Share Sale Agreement
which undertaking the defendants had breached in any case. Domenico requested
the court to preserve the status quo pending the determination of the Suit.

The second plaintiff’s submissions

23 The second plaintiff submitted that the issue in the application differed
from that in Summons 1255. Here, the second plaintiff was only requesting the
court to uphold a negative covenant entered into by the defendants pending
trial of the Suit. Their counsel pointed out that in selling No 246, the
defendants had clearly breached the negative covenant. They should be
compelled to keep their contractual promise.

24 As the third defendant had already sold No 246, the second plaintiff orally
applied to court to amend the application to add a prayer which would give
“practical effect” to prayer 2 as set out in [3] earlier (which amendment the
court granted). The second plaintiff argued it was not asking for a reversal
of the sale of No 246 but only that the defendants be prevented from enjoying
the fruits of their breach of cl 3.7 of the Share Sale Agreement.

25 As there was a clear breach of a negative covenant, the second plaintiff
submitted that Megarry J’s decision in Hampstead & Suburban Properties Ltd v
Diomedous [1969] Ch 248 (“Hampstead’s case”) was authority for the proposition
that it was unnecessary to apply the “balance of convenience” test for
injunctions propounded in American Cyanamid Co v Ethicon Ltd [1975] AC 396.
Megarry J said in Hampstead’s case (at 259):

... Where there is a plain and uncontested breach of a clear covenant not to
do a particular thing, and the covenantor promptly begins to do what he has
promised not to do, then in the absence of special circumstances it seems to
me that the sooner he is compelled to keep his promise the better. … I see no
reason for allowing a covenantor who stands in clear breach of an express
prohibition to have a holiday from the enforcement of his obligations until
the trial. …

26 Megarry J’s decision was followed by Kan Ting Chiu J in Rajaram v Ganesh
(trading as Golden Harvest Trading Corp) and others [1994] 3 SLR(R) 79
(“Rajaram v Ganesh”) (at [26]-[27]). Kan J (at [28]) also quoted the following
passage from Lord Cairns LC’s judgment in Richard Wheeler Doherty v James
Clagston Allman and W C Dowden (1878) 3 App Cas 709 (“Doherty v Allman”) (at
720) which Megarry J had cited at in Hampstead’s case (at 257):

If parties, for valuable consideration, with their eyes open, contract that a
particular thing shall not be done, all that a Court of Equity has to do is to
say, by way of injunction, that which the parties have already said by way of
covenant, that the thing shall not be done; and in such case the injunction
does nothing more than give the sanction of the process of the Court to that
which already is the contract between the parties. It is not then a question
of the balance of convenience or inconvenience, or of the amount of damage or
of injury—it is the specific performance, by the Court, of that negative
bargain which the parties have made, with their eyes open, between themselves.

27 The second plaintiff added that the injunction it sought was easily
reversible, inexpensive to comply with and would not pre-empt the trial. The
second plaintiff had conducted litigation searches on the defendants and
ascertained therefrom that three creditors had commenced proceedings against
the Company, one of which was SCB for banking facilities granted to the
Company.

28 The second plaintiff submitted that damages would not be an adequate remedy
as the defendants are in no position to pay any damages. Their primary source
of income was from their remuneration as directors and 25% shareholdings in
the Company, both of which sources had ceased with the closure of the
Company’s factory and its stoppage of operations.

The defendants’ submissions

29 The Company and the defendants were unrepresented at the hearing of the
application, which was of considerable concern to the court. In fact, the
court repeatedly advised the defendants to engage counsel for their defence as
well as the Company’s defence of the Suit (for which there was a pending
application under O 14 of the Rules of Court by the plaintiffs), only to be
told that the defendants lacked the financial resources to do so. The court
was informed that various counsel the defendants had approached had quoted
fees far beyond their means to pay.

30 Not surprisingly, the joint affidavit filed by the defendants on 30 May
2016 (“the defendants’ affidavit”) to oppose the application was far from
satisfactory and hardly in compliance with O 41 of the Rules of Court.

31 In essence, the defendants’ affidavit pointed to the fact that Summons
1255, which was an attempt to maintain the Caveats, had already been dismissed
by Abdullah JC. The defendants’ affidavit also seemed to have stated (not
entirely clearly) that even prior to the events that gave rise to Summons
1255, there was an earlier (unsuccessful) attempt by the second plaintiff to
lodge caveats against the Properties. The defendants also contended that the
second plaintiff had no right to ask for information on the purchasers of No
246.

32 The defendants argued that the right given to the second plaintiff under cl
3.7 of the Share Sale Agreement was not equivalent to providing the latter
with the right to attach any outstanding amounts over the Properties. The
defendants cited the Australian case of Murphy v Wright (1992) 5 BPR 11,734
(“Murphy v Wright”) and the following passage from the judgment of Sheller JA
of the Supreme Court of New South Wales where he said (at 11,742):

… [T]he language of [the provision] is not the language of charge by the
guarantors of their assets. It does not create a charge which is attached to
assets. Nor do the guarantors promise to create a charge attached to assets.
The appropriate language of charge by the guarantors is absent. All that is
said is that the lender shall be entitled to attach debt due to any of the
assets of the guarantor or guarantors. It is true that the agreement provides
that in the event of default the lender may register a caveat against any
property registered in the name of all or any of the guarantors until the
moneys secured are repaid. It is argued on behalf of the appellants that from
this flows an implication that the clause as a whole should be read as an
agreement by the guarantors to charge such assets as the lender may identify
in the event of default by the borrowers with payment of moneys due under the
security. But this is to imply the grant by the guarantors of an interest in
the nature of a charge over assets where the language of the clause provides
for something else. The guarantors do not by cl 12 expressly charge their
assets nor, in my opinion, can such a charge be implied from the terms of the
clause or of the deed of guarantee. …

I will revisit Murphy v Wright at a later stage in these grounds.

33 The defendants contended that despite what was said in cl 3.5 of the Share
Sale Agreement (see [7]), the Company did not receive the sum of US$120,000 as
a loan from the second plaintiff. That sum was to reimburse the Company for
costs and expenses incurred on the first plaintiff’s behalf. The defendants
listed out at para 18 of the defendants’ affidavit those costs and expenses.

34 Moreover, the Share Sale Agreement was linked to the PFA (although I note
that the defendants had only exhibited the 8 May 2015 amendment of the PFA)
under which the first plaintiff had to but did not provide to the Company, for
3 years, 1,500 tons of raw materials every month to the following:

(a) South America – 500 tons;

(b) Europe – 400 tons;

(c) United States – 300 tons; and

(d) the second defendant – 300 tons.

Further, the first plaintiff ceased supplying raw materials to the Company for
processing soon after the Share Sale Agreement was signed. Without the
processing work, the Company had no income whereby it could fulfil cl 3.3 and
repay the second plaintiff’s loan of US$200,000.

35 The defendants contended that the plaintiffs’ breaches rendered the PFA and
the Share Sale Agreement null and void.

36 The defendants disclosed that No 246 had been mortgaged to SCB to secure
facilities of $1.3m extended to the Company. In this regard, I should point
out that Domenico’s supporting affidavit had exhibited a letter to the Company
dated 25 January 2016 from lawyers Rajah & Tann demanding repayment of
US$234,312.35 and S$822,936.17 to SCB within 14 days. The SCB facility was
also secured by guarantees from each of the defendants.

37 At the hearing of the application, the third defendant informed the court
that the proceeds of sale were insufficient to pay the Company’s debt after
the outstanding sums due to SCB were repaid together with the Company’s other
debts. The third defendant said there was no surplus left as he repaid loans
totalling $330,000 taken from two relatives by marriage. The Company still
owed $174,394.61 to its creditors.

38 As the rest of the defendants’ affidavit largely related to their/the
Company’s allegations concerning the plaintiffs’ alleged breaches of the
agreements mentioned earlier, it serves no purpose to repeat them. Those
complaints should more appropriately be dealt with in the counterclaim of the
defendants and the Company against the plaintiffs. The court was informed that
the Company’s/the defendants’ claim was for US$508,259.79 against the
plaintiffs’ claim of US$266,038.89 in the Suit.

The decision

39 Before I set out the grounds for my dismissal of the application, it would
be useful to first review the cases cited earlier.

40 Hampstead’s case concerned a licence granted by a landlord over leasehold
premises (“the premises”) to the defendant for use as a restaurant. The
defendant covenanted inter alia not to permit music or musical instruments to
be played within the premises in such a manner as to be audible to the extent
of “causing a nuisance or annoyance” to neighbours including occupiers of the
landlord’s flats above the premises and, if any complaints were received by
the landlord from the occupiers, forthwith to discontinue the playing at the
landlord’s request until such time as “effective soundproofing” was completed.
The defendant assigned the lease and loud music was played resulting in
complaints to the landlord from occupiers of the flats above the premises.

41 The landlord issued a writ and applied for an interlocutory injunctions to
restrain the defendant from playing music and musical instruments so as to
cause nuisance or annoyance to neighbours including the occupiers of the
landlord’s flats. The landlord adduced evidence that that occupiers of the
flats had been unable to sleep because of the music but the defendant adduced
no evidence.

42 On the facts of the case, it was not surprising that Megarry J granted the
interlocutory injunction and made the comments set out earlier at [25]. It is
to be noted that Hampstead’s case specifically dealt with negative covenants
that were terms of a lease granted to the defendant tenant.

43 Next, I turn to Rajaram v Ganesh. The headnotes read as follows:

The plaintiff requested the second defendant, Indian Bank, to issue a bank
guarantee in favour of the first defendant, Ganesh. Under the guarantee,
Indian Bank remitted US$2m to the third defendant bank, Oriental Bank of
Commerce (“OBC”) for Ganesh’s benefit. The plaintiff alleged that he had
agreed to arrange for the issuance of the bank guarantee on condition that
Ganesh would not use it until he had arranged for US$2m to be paid to the
plaintiff. However, Ganesh had breached this agreement by failing to pay the
US$2m. The plaintiff further alleged that OBC knew of the agreement. He
commenced this action, seeking a declaration that the guarantee had expired
and was null and void, and for orders restraining the defendants from taking
any action on the guarantee. He obtained ex parte an interim injunction
restraining OBC from invoking, encashing or calling on the guarantee. OBC in
turn applied to discharge the interim injunction. The plaintiff obtained
summary judgment against Ganesh during the course of the hearing of OBC’s
application.

44 Kan J inter alia held:

(a) The balance of convenience test was not intended to be applied in every
case. It did not apply where there was a clear breach or where there was no
dispute on the facts.

(b) There were disputed facts in the case. Although OBC denied the allegations
that the plaintiff made against it, the allegations against Ganesh were not
disputed. Knowledge of Ganesh’s breach was sufficient against OBC, without it
being involved in the underlying contract or having made any fraudulent
misrepresentations.

(c) There was no cause in the circumstances to apply the balance of
convenience test. There was no reason for not restraining OBC from paying
Ganesh. OBC’s application to discharge the injunction was therefore dismissed.

45 The above holdings (a) and (c) from Rajaram v Ganesh were what counsel for
the second plaintiff relied on. Again as with Hampstead’s case, Kan J’s
decision was specific to the facts of the case – Ganesh and OBC had clearly
breached the terms of the guarantee issued by Rajaram and Rajaram had obtained
summary judgment against Ganesh by the time OBC applied to discharge the
interim injunction.

46 Kan J like Megarry J in Hampstead’s case had relied on the passage from
Lord Cairn LC’s judgment in the House of Lords in Doherty v Allman set out
earlier at [26]. Lord Cairns LC’s words were uttered in the context of a case
where what was in issue was a perpetual injunction and not an interlocutory
injunction. Like Hampstead’s case, the dispute concerned covenants on land as
can be seen from its headnotes:

Two leases were granted of pieces of land with some buildings on them, one
granted in 1798 for 999 years, the other granted in 1824 for 988 years. There
was no reservation of a power of re-entry for breach of covenant, nor was
there any negative covenant obliging the lessee not to change the use of the
premises. There was a power of re-entry, for rent in arrear and no sufficient
distress on the premises. In each lease there was a covenant by the lessee
that he, his executors, &c., will “during the term hereby granted preserve,
uphold, support, maintain, and keep the said demised premises, and all
improvements made and to be made thereon, in good and sufficient order,
repair, and condition; and at the end or sooner determination of this demise,
shall and will so leave and deliver up the same unto,” the lessor, his heirs,
&c. The premises had been used as corn stores for some years; and afterwards
as artillery barracks, and dwellings for married soldiers. They had fallen
into disrepair: it became necessary to repair them; the lessee thought it
would be beneficial to convert the store buildings into dwelling-houses, which
would much increase their value, and was proceeding to convert them
accordingly, when the lessor filed a bill to restrain him, alleging waste:—

Held, that this was not the case of enforcing a negative covenant where the
words of contract were clear and indisputable; that the waste alleged was
meliorating waste, and that, under the circumstances, the Court below had, in
the due exercise of its discretion in such matters, properly refused to
interfere by injunction.

47 The last case for consideration is Murphy v Wright. The facts were as
follows:

The respondent guaranteed a loan made by the appellant to the borrower. The
deed of guarantee contained a term [cl 12] that on default by the borrower,
the lender would be entitled to attach the debt to any real or personal
property of the guarantor and to register a caveat against any property of
which the guarantor was a registered proprietor. The borrower defaulted, and
the lender lodged a caveat over the guarantor’s Torrens title land.

48 Clause 12 of the guarantee in the case states:

In the event of default by the Borrowers in payment of moneys due under the
Security Documents or in performance or observance of any covenants therein
then the Lender shall in addition to the rights set out herein or in the
Security Documents be entitled to attach the debt due to any of the assets of
the Guarantor or Guarantors whether such assets be real or personal and
further the parties hereto agree that in the event of such default the Lender
may register a caveat against any property registered in the name of any or
all of the Guarantors until the Moneys Secured are repaid.

49 The majority decision in Murphy v Wright (Priestley and Handley JJA) held
that cl 12 gave the lender an option to create an equitable charge and, in
respect of the Torrens title land, the option was valid and was exercisable by
lodging a caveat. As stated at [32], the defendants had relied on a passage
from the dissenting judgment of Shellar JA to say the language of cl 3.7 of
the Share Sale Agreement was not the language of a charge.

50 I should point out that Murphy v Wright did not find favour with our Court
of Appeal in The Asiatic Enterprises (Pte) Ltd v United Overseas Bank Ltd
[1999] 3 SLR(R) 976 (“The Asiatic Enterprises”). There, the appellate court at
[13] cited the passage from Sheller JA’s dissenting judgment that the
defendants relied on. The Court of Appeal held that cl 10 in the respondent
bank’s letter of offer of banking facilities to the appellant borrower did not
provide a mechanism for creating or imposing a charge on immoveable property
belonging to the appellant. The relevant extract from cl 10 reads:

EVENTS OF DEFAULT

On the occurrence of any of the following events of default (i) the Bank [the
respondent] shall cease to be under any further commitment to you [the
appellant] and all outstandings under the entire credit line (‘the
Outstandings’) shall become due and payable immediately; (ii) the Bank shall,
in addition to the rights set out herein, be entitled (as equitable chargee)
to attach the Outstandings to any property of yours (whether real or personal)
and to lodge a caveat against any real property that may now or hereafter be
registered in your name whether singly or jointly …

51 This court has taken pains to set out the facts of the cases cited by the
parties to show that unlike Hampstead’s case and Doherty v Allman, the case at
hand has nothing to do with negative or any covenants concerning immoveable
property or leases. The Court of Appeal in The Asiatic Enterprises had also
chosen not to follow Murphy v Wright. What the second plaintiff was attempting
to do (wrongly) was to elevate a personal undertaking given by the defendants
into a negative covenant pertaining to land.

52 The second plaintiff had attempted (unsuccessfully) to convert the
defendants’ personal undertakings to a caveatable interest in Summons 1255. In
this regard, the following extract from [25] of The Asiatic Enterprises is
illuminating:

We have some difficulty in applying the decision of the majority in Murphy to
the case at hand. We do not think that cl 10 gives to the respondent an option
in the sense as an option is understood in a sale and purchase or lease of
property or in the sense suggested by Handley JA. Construing cl 10 in plain
and simple terms, we think that all that cl 10 gives to the respondent is a
right or entitlement, upon default of the appellant, to do two things. …
However, the mechanism for creating or imposing such a charge has not been
specifically provided for in that clause. That being so, the respondent can
only have available to it such mechanism as the law provides. … As regards
movable property not in its possession or immovable property, whether such
immovable property be “Torrens title land” or not, we do not see how the
respondent could, by some unilateral action on its part, effect or impose a
charge on it, or in the words of cl 10, “attach” the outstanding amount to the
property as security.

53 It would also be useful at this juncture to look at s 115(1) of the Land
Titles Act (Cap 157, 2004 Rev Ed) (“the LTA”); it states:

Caveats may be lodged

115.—(1) Any person claiming an interest in land (whether or not the land has
been brought under the provisions of this Act), or any person otherwise
authorised by this Act or any other written law to do so, may lodge with the
Registrar a caveat in the approved form which shall include the following
particulars:

(a) the name of the caveator and the caveatee;

(b) an address in Singapore at which notices may be served on the caveator and
the caveatee;

(c) nature of the interest claimed by the caveator;

(d) the grounds in support of the claim;

…

54 It is to be noted that s 115(1) of the LTA specifically refers to “an
interest in land”. What interest in land could the second plaintiff claim
against the Properties as an unsecured creditor of the Company and/or the
defendants by reason of the defendants’ breach of personal undertakings?
Moreover, its claim in the Suit was disputed and met by a larger counterclaim.
It was little wonder that Abdullah JC dismissed Summons 1255.

55 The second plaintiff was aware from litigation searches it had conducted
that the Company was indebted to SCB for substantial sums that were guaranteed
by the defendants. If the third defendant had not sold No 246 as he did in
order to meet SCB’s demand by a certain deadline for repayment of outstanding
loans owed by the Company, there was every likelihood that SCB could have and
would have exercised its powers as mortgagees to foreclose on and sell No 246.
In that scenario, the second plaintiff as a creditor would have had no
priority of payment as its claim would rank pari passu with those of other
unsecured/trade creditors.

56 At this stage of the proceedings, the court cannot determine that the
defendants had deliberately breached their undertakings in cl 3.7 or that they
were forced by circumstances to do so in order to stave off legal proceedings
from SCB. It cannot be said that the defendants had deliberately breached a
negative covenant merely by a breach of the undertaking in cl 3.7.

57 It bears noting that an injunction is an equitable relief that is not
“standalone” but must attach to a recognisable claim at law. There was no
basis for the second plaintiff as an ordinary trade creditor of the Company to
restrain the defendants from parting with, selling, charging or otherwise
disposing of the Properties after the Caveats were expunged from the registry
of the SLA following the dismissal of Summons 1255. It had no “interest” in
the Properties to allow it to lodge a caveat under s 115(1) of the LTA. It
only had a claim against the defendants for breach of their undertakings in cl
3.7 of the Share Sale Agreement.

58 Having failed in Summons 1255 to maintain the Caveats it had filed, it was
clear to this court that the second plaintiff was seeking via the “backdoor”
and by an interim injunction what was denied by Abdullah JC. If the second
plaintiff had no basis to lodge the Caveats, it most certainly had no basis to
apply for an injunction.

59 Consequently, the court disagreed with the contention of the second
plaintiff that the prayer for an injunction was different from that in Summons
1255 and dismissed the application.

Lai Siu Chiu  
Senior Judge

K Muralitherapany and Ng Lip Kai (Joseph Tan Jude Benny LLP) for the second
plaintiff;  
the second and third defendants in person.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 2: 27 Oct 2020 (22:40 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

