Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the

[2016] SGHC 103

Magistrate’s Appeal No 9188 of 2015/01

Between

| Public Prosecutor  
---|---  
  
And

| Andrew Koh Weiwen  
---|---  
  
JUDGMENT

[Criminal Law] — [Statutory offences] — [Penal Code]

[Criminal Law] — [Offences] — [Hurt]

[Criminal Law] — [Offences] — [Public safety][Criminal Procedure and
Sentencing] — [Sentencing] — [Principles]

[Criminal Procedure and Sentencing] — [Appeal] — [Plea of guilty]

[Criminal Procedure and Sentencing] — [Mitigation]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Public Prosecutor

  
v

  

Andrew Koh Weiwen

[2016] SGHC 103

High Court — Magistrate’s Appeal No 9188 of 2015/01  
Chan Seng Onn J  
1 April 2016

24 May 2016 Judgment reserved.

Chan Seng Onn J:

Introduction

1 This is the Prosecution’s appeal against the sentence of the Respondent in
respect of one charge of voluntarily causing hurt under s 323 of the Penal
Code (Cap 224, 2008 Rev Ed). Upon his plea of guilt, the Respondent, a 27 year
old male Singaporean, was convicted by the District Judge and sentenced to a
term of two days’ imprisonment and a fine of $5,000.00 (with four weeks’
imprisonment in default of payment) (see the District Judge’s grounds of
decision at Public Prosecutor v Andrew Koh Weiwen [2015] SGMC 33 (the “GD”)).

2 Although this is a simple offence of voluntarily causing hurt, disputed
facts relevant to sentence were inconclusively dealt with at the proceedings
below. The admitted Statement of Facts (“SOF”) tendered by the Prosecution
provided scant details of the events immediately preceding the physical
attack, which allowed room for different versions of facts to emerge.
Fortunately, the Prosecution and the Respondent managed to resolve their
differences after a short adjournment was granted to them. After considering
the submissions of the parties and the precedent cases, I am of the view that
the sentence imposed by the District Judge is manifestly inadequate having
regard to all the material facts and circumstances of the case. I allow the
appeal, and order the Respondent’s sentence to be enhanced to four weeks’
imprisonment instead.

Background

The facts

3 The victim, Mr Lai Yongwen (“Mr Lai”), was waiting for a taxi with two other
friends in the early morning at or around 6 am on 6 July 2014 in front of St
James Power Station, a nightlife venue along Sentosa Gateway. The Respondent
was in the vicinity with a glass bottle of liquor (the “Martell bottle”) after
drinking with his friends at a nightclub in the area. The Respondent
approached Mr Lai and suddenly hit him on the head with the Martell bottle.
The Respondent also elbowed Mr Lai on the nose in the subsequent fracas while
Mr Lai was attempting to stop the Respondent from attacking him further. As a
result, Mr Lai sought medical treatment at Singapore General Hospital. His
medical report dated 30 July 2014 indicated that he had suffered two
superficial lacerations: one over the scalp measuring 3 cm, and the other over
his nose measuring 0.5 cm.

4 The Respondent, a first-time offender, pleaded guilty to the offence at an
early stage, and had offered compensation to Mr Lai.

The proceedings below

5 After the Respondent was convicted, the Prosecution addressed the court on
sentence and sought a custodial sentence of four weeks’ imprisonment. The
Prosecution pointed out that the glass bottle used was a “dangerous weapon”
and opined that it was “fortunate that the victim suffered only lacerations”
(see [12] of the GD). In the written mitigation plea, it was brought up that
counsel for the Respondent was instructed that the Respondent had witnessed a
verbal fracas that morning and had seen his friend surrounded by a group of
people, before he had joined in to “help his friend” who was being assaulted
by the group. He then used the Martell bottle he had to hit Mr Lai. It was not
anticipated that the Respondent would be involved in a fight but he “had used
the bottle as he was fighting with the group of people”. As a result, the
Respondent “suffered facial cuts and bruises to his face and body with blood
streaming down from his face”. In response, the Prosecution stated that the
scenario painted by the Respondent where he was there to help a friend being
assaulted was not borne out by investigation as there was only a verbal fracas
with no physical contact between the parties until the Respondent hit Mr Lai
with the Martell bottle.

The decision below

6 The District Judge sentenced the Respondent to a very brief term of
imprisonment of only two days and a fine of $5,000.00 (with four weeks’
imprisonment in default of payment). He noted the fact-specificity of
sentencing under s 323 of the Penal Code and emphasised the norm that where
only minor injuries were caused, the offence was dealt with by the imposition
of a fine. The District Judge then proceeded to compare Mr Lai’s injuries (of
two superficial lacerations) to the victims’ injuries in five cases under s
323 where only fines were imposed, and concluded that Mr Lai’s injuries were
much less serious than the victims’ in those five cases (see [33] of the GD).

7 The District Judge also noted that (a) Mr Lai was not a “vulnerable victim”;
(b) the Respondent did not have a record of violence and was not in a position
of authority; (c) the attack was not racially motivated; (d) the Respondent
acted on impulse; and (e) there was no provocation (see [31] of the GD). The
District Judge inferred genuine remorse on the part of the Respondent, based
on his plea of guilt and his offer of compensation to Mr Lai (which was
rejected as Mr Lai’s medical expenses were settled by his insurance).

8 Lastly, the District Judge was of the view that the “singular” aggravating
factor in the case was the fact that the Respondent had used a weapon, the
Martell bottle, to hit Mr Lai once on the head. The District Judge also
apparently disregarded Mr Lai’s second laceration over his nose on the basis
that it was not caused by the Martell bottle, but by the Respondent’s elbow
(see [35] of the GD).

The appeal

9 The crux of the Prosecution’s appeal lies in its case that the present
matter involves an unprovoked and unrelenting attack that employed the use of
a dangerous weapon on a particularly vulnerable part of the victim’s body. The
attack was a continuing one, as evidenced from the fact that the victim had to
stop the Respondent from further attacks. The Prosecution submits that the
District Judge had wrongly emphasised the absence of certain aggravating
factors, as opposed to focusing on the aggravating factors that were in fact
present. Further, the Prosecution submits that the District Judge appeared to
have aligned the sentencing in this case to other cases that had materially
different factual matrices, and ignored other s 323 precedents where
substantial imprisonment terms were imposed in cases where weapons had been
used, however minor the extent of injuries caused to the victims. Based on the
various sentencing precedents, the Prosecution submits that the sentence
imposed on the Respondent should be enhanced to four weeks’ imprisonment.

Disputed/unascertained facts relevant to sentence

10 Despite the SOF having been admitted without qualification by the
Respondent before his conviction on his plea of guilt, there were several
facts (some disputed) relevant to sentence that were not ascertained or
resolved at the proceedings below as could be seen from a perusal of the GD
and notes of evidence:

(a) What were the surrounding circumstances immediately prior to the
Respondent suddenly approaching Mr Lai and hitting him on the head with the
Martell bottle?

(b) Were there other people involved?

(c) Did the Martell bottle break upon impact?

(d) Was the Respondent injured in the incident, and if so, how?

11 From my examination of the proceedings below, I have two observations to
make: (i) if the Prosecution objects to or disputes certain factual assertions
made in the course of mitigation which have a material impact on sentence, the
Defence must either withdraw those statements, provide proof or call evidence
via a Newton hearing; and (ii) any aggravating facts that the Prosecution
wishes to rely on in its submission on sentence should be included in the SOF
to minimise any subsequent dispute and the need for a Newton hearing.

12 In the mitigation plea at the hearing below, it was asserted by the
Respondent that he had joined in to “help his friend” who was being assaulted
by the group. However, the Prosecution had objected to this and categorically
stated its position that this was not “borne out by investigation”. However,
it seems that the Respondent is still taking the position during the appeal
before me that he had helped his friend, and that there was a physical fracas
before he used the Martell bottle to hit the victim. Chan Sek Keong CJ’s
comments in Public Prosecutor v Aniza bte Essa [2009] 3 SLR(R) 327 at [61] on
the mitigation process in plead guilty proceedings are instructive here:

The existing practice of the Prosecution in tendering to the court an agreed
statement of facts and of defence counsel in providing the Prosecution with a
copy of the mitigation speech before the sentencing hearing has made the
mitigation process simple. This practice minimises any dispute between the
Prosecution and the Defence on what mitigation statements are to be admitted
without proof. This practice has rendered a Newton hearing (see R v Robert
John Newton (1982) 4 Cr App R (S) 388) a rarity in our courts. Where the
Prosecution objects to any unsubstantiated assertions in the mitigation
speech, the Defence will either have to withdraw the statements, provide proof
acceptable to the Prosecution or call evidence. This may be regarded as an
analogous form of the Newton hearing, which is also rare in our sentencing
practice. If the Prosecution does not object to the assertions made by the
Defence, the court is entitled to accept them and give such weight to them as
it thinks fit.

[emphasis added]

13 As the Prosecution had clearly objected to the fact that the Respondent had
to help his friend who was already involved in a physical fracas and the
Defence had not responded appropriately at the hearing below to back up this
assertion not found in the admitted SOF, I am not minded to allow the
Respondent to continue asserting this disputed fact at this stage. All
disputed facts relevant to sentence should have been resolved at the hearing
below.

14 Thus, the SOF tendered by the Prosecution and admitted by an accused
person, along with the charge(s), are crucial in setting out the admitted
facts for the court’s consideration during sentencing in plead guilty cases.
Just as the Prosecution cannot introduce new aggravating facts beyond the
admitted facts by the back door in its submissions on sentence whether at the
hearing below or subsequently at the appeal, the Defence similarly cannot slip
in new unsubstantiated mitigating facts by the back door through its
submission on sentence at the appeal or by relying on disputed mitigating
facts in its mitigation plea which remain unresolved at the hearing below.
This point was emphasised by See Kee Oon JC in Public Prosecutor v Development
26 Pte Ltd [2015] 1 SLR 309 (“Development 26”) at [16]:

When accused persons plead guilty, their plea marks their acceptance of the
charges against them as well as what is set out in the statement of facts if
one is prepared. The charges and the statement of facts constitute the four
corners of the case against them. [emphasis added]

15 In Development 26, no SOF was prepared during the proceedings below and the
respondent there had pleaded guilty to facts “as per the charges”. On appeal,
the Judicial Commissioner was of the view that the appeal should be confined
to the facts that the accused person had admitted to, and that the Prosecution
could not seek to alter the entire factual basis for the plea of guilt by
adducing additional evidence on appeal.

16 Reverting to the present case, I am of the view that the SOF tendered by
the Prosecution and admitted to without qualification by the Respondent below
is inadequate and bare. The SOF fails to flesh out adequately all the relevant
facts of the case which are material to sentence. If it is part of the plea
bargain that certain aggravating facts or disputed facts relevant to sentence
are to be omitted, the Prosecution will omit them from the SOF and will not
rely on them to address the court on sentence. The other side of the coin is
that during mitigation, the Defence should not be addressing the court on the
basis that those aggravating facts or disputed mitigating facts omitted from
the SOF as part of the plea bargain are absent or present respectively as that
would be misleading. I reproduce the short one-page SOF in full:

1\. The accused is Andrew Koh Weiwen, a 26 year-old male Singaporean, bearing
NRIC No. S8851611G.

2\. The victim is Lai Yongwen, a 25 year-old male Singaporean.

3\. On 06 July 2014, the police received a call with the following message:
Required AB, Someone injured. The incident location was given as Sentosa
Gateway, in front of St James Power Station, Singapore.

4\. Investigations revealed that on 06 July 2014, at or about 06.00am, at the
incident location, the accused was walking with a bottle of liquor. At that
point in time, the victim was also there waiting for a taxi with two of his
friends.

5\. Suddenly, the accused approached the victim and hit him on the head with
the bottle that he was holding. The accused then elbowed the victim on the
nose while the victim was trying to stop the accused from attacking him
further.

6\. The victim was subsequently conveyed to Singapore General Hospital and
sought medical treatment there. His medical report dated 30 July 2014
indicated that the victim suffered 2 superficial lacerations, one over the
scalp measuring 3cm and another over the nose measuring 0.5cm, both as a
result of the accused’s attack.

7\. By virtue of the above, the accused has thereby committed an offence under
s.323 of the Penal Code (Cap 224, 2008 Rev Ed).

8\. The accused is thus charged accordingly.

17 It is a basic tenet that the Prosecution is duty-bound to assist the court
to make a decision on sentence. As the Prosecution and the Defence may under
certain circumstances compromise in terms of what material facts relevant to
sentence are to be included or excluded in the SOF and the mitigation plea in
the process of achieving a plea bargain, the court is necessarily limited in
its consideration to only those material facts that have been presented in the
SOF and mitigation plea. However on occasions, prosecutors may simply tender
an SOF light in narrative detail to dispose of cases quickly for practical
reasons. This case appears to be one such example. The SOF here is very brief.
It does not paint a full picture of what had occurred. As a result, it allows
room for parties to differ subsequently on what, if anything, had happened
immediately preceding the physical attack. The SOF also gives the impression
that any fracas that occurred was in fact only between the Respondent and the
victim, Mr Lai, and that there were no other persons involved.

18 As the parties initially continued to dispute the facts as to what had
happened prior to the physical attack (which I reiterate ought to have been
resolved at the hearing below but apparently were not), I instructed counsel
for the Respondent to take instructions and then confer with the Prosecution
to sort out all disputed facts relevant to sentence to see if they could come
to an agreement on what had occurred on that morning of 6 July 2014. I also
indicated that I was perplexed as to why the Respondent would suddenly
approach the victim and hit the victim on the head with a bottle for no rhyme
or reason as the bare SOF appears to suggest at [5]. Was it a sudden random
attack in the early hours of the morning on an unsuspecting member of the
public waiting for a taxi? Eventually, the parties agreed on the facts and
explained to me that:

(a) there was only a verbal—and not a physical—fracas, before the Respondent
suddenly hit the victim on the head with the Martell bottle (ie the verbal
fracas led to the sudden physical attack on the victim with the Martell bottle
and it was not a random attack on a stranger waiting for a taxi, which would
have been more aggravating);

(b) the Martell bottle broke upon impact when the Respondent smashed the
bottle on the victim’s head;

(c) the Respondent was injured himself and bloodied due to the physical fracas
that ensued; and

(d) other people then joined in the physical fracas that followed (ie it was
the Respondent’s sudden physical attack on the victim that ignited the
subsequent physical fracas where several other persons joined in).

19 For the record, had the parties not come to an agreement with respect to
the material facts that they wish to rely on for the purpose of sentence, I
would have remitted the case back to the District Judge for a Newton hearing.
Although Newton hearings are exceptional, the court should hear evidence if
facts material to sentence are contested and make a finding to do justice and
sentence the offender on the basis of accurate facts (see Ng Chun Hian v
Public Prosecutor [2014] 2 SLR 783 at [24]).

My decision

20 Having now established the relevant facts material to sentence (above at
[18]), I move on to consider the adequacy of the sentence imposed on the
Respondent by the District Judge.

Fact-specificity in hurt offences

21 The factual matrices in offences of hurt vary considerably. The appropriate
sentence for each case must necessarily depend on its specific facts and
circumstances. The sentencing judge has to consider all the relevant factors
affecting sentence.

22 The Prosecution interprets the District Judge’s emphasis that there were no
aggravating factors such as premeditation, group action, a vulnerable victim,
racial motivation, a record of violence, etc. (at [31] of the GD) to be a
misconstrued placement of mitigating weight on an absence of aggravating
factors (see Public Prosecutor v AOM [2011] 2 SLR 1057 at [37]). However, from
the overall reasoning in the GD, I find that the District Judge was not
erroneously treating the absence of aggravating factors as mitigating.
Instead, he had started from the principle that in hurt offences, where minor
injury is caused the offence is usually dealt with by the imposition of a
fine, unless certain aggravating factors are present to indicate a sufficient
level of seriousness to breach the custody threshold. Hence, he was in fact
treating the lack of those aggravating factors as non-factors. On the other
hand, the Prosecution is taking the position that where a dangerous weapon is
used, the appropriate starting point would be an imprisonment of a few weeks,
even if the injuries suffered are not serious. Herein lies the diametrically
different starting points between the sentencing analysis of the District
Judge and what is being proposed by the Prosecution.

23 In my view, all sentencing factors must be taken into consideration: be it
the degree of deliberation, extent and duration of attack, nature of injury,
the presence of provocation or the use of a weapon. By taking either the
seriousness of the injury or the use of a dangerous weapon as determinative of
the sentence would be over-emphasising one factor over others and may not
result in individualised justice.

Protecting public transport users

24 Although the District Judge had concluded that the victim was not a
“vulnerable victim” (GD at [31]), the Prosecution is taking the position that
the victim was in a “vulnerable position of waiting to use public transport”.
In fairness to the District Judge, I should point out that this submission was
not made to him below.

25 Vulnerability ought to be analysed in relative terms, and our local case
law has considered this factor in instances where victims are public transport
workers (Wong Hoi Len v Public Prosecutor [2009] 1 SLR(R) 115; Balbir Singh
s/o Amar Singh v Public Prosecutor and another appeal [2010] 3 SLR 784) and
children or spouses (Public Prosecutor v Luan Yuanxin [2002] 1 SLR(R) 613).
The Prosecution cites an Australian criminal state court authority for its
proposition that persons waiting for, or using, public transport are
vulnerable (Vaeila v The Queen [2010] NSWCCA 113 at [22]–[23]):

The Court has, on a number of occasions, made clear that one of the
fundamental features of the criminal justice system is to regulate the
protection of people, going about their ordinary business, from being attacked
or set upon. These principles are fundamental to any system that seeks to
regulate society and were summarised by Gleeson CJ in R v Ranse (Court of
Criminal Appeal, 8 August 1994, unreported) in which his Honour said, at p 8:

One of the primary purposes of the system of criminal justice is to keep the
peace. In this connection the idea of peace embraces the freedom of ordinary
citizens to walk the streets and to go about their daily affairs without fear
of physical violence. It also embraces respect for the property of others.

The foregoing comments are rendered even more applicable in circumstances
where attacks are made on people who are using, or waiting to use, public
transport. Such persons are necessarily in an even more vulnerable position
and require protection: see R v Kelly [2005] NSWCCA 280; (2005) 155 A Crim R
499 at [6] and the cases cited therein.

26 Notably, the above proposition quoted from R v Ranse had also been adopted
by the same Australian criminal court with respect to the protection of
citizens who use public transport late in the evening, thereby placing
themselves in a position of “some vulnerability”: see R v Ibrahimi [2005]
NSWCCA 153 at [22]–[24]. Locally, the High Court had also previously observed
the need for general deterrence to protect “helpless commuters
utilising…transport services” (Public Prosecutor v Heng Swee Weng [2010] 1 SLR
954 at [20]), albeit in a situation where the offender was a public transport
service provider.

27 Public transport is an indispensable part of many people’s daily lives, and
will be even more so as we move towards a car-lite transport model in
Transport 2030 with the rail network doubling by then (see Speech by Minister
Khaw Boon Wan at the Committee of Supply Debate 2016, on Preparing for 2030,
12 April 2016; and also Fact Sheet on Public Transport Improvements and Future
Plans, Ministry of Transport, 26 August 2015). 63 per cent of all trips made
during peak periods are now made on public transport, and the aim is to
increase this to 75 per cent by 2030 (see the Land Transport Master Plan 2013,
Land Transport Authority). Offences against people travelling on, or waiting
to use, public transport directly affect public safety and security. There is
a strong level of public interest in warranting general deterrence in such
situations (see Public Prosecutor v Law Aik Meng [2007] 2 SLR(R) 814 at
[24(d)]) to send a strong message that people should be able to go about their
daily affairs without any fear of physical violence. Therefore, I agree with
the Prosecution that attacks and offences against people travelling on or
waiting to use public transport should be viewed as an aggravating factor in
sentencing.

Analysing comparables in precedents

28 I also agree with the Prosecution that the five cases where only fines were
imposed and which the District Judge relied on as precedents (see the GD at
[28]) are materially different from the present case and should thus be
distinguished:

(a) Public Prosecutor v AOB [2011] 2 SLR 793: The offender was slapping his
daughter’s face at Serangoon Bus Interchange. The victim and his friend
witnessed this and the latter intervened and asked the offender to stop. The
offender then told the complainant to mind his own business and told the
victim that “Malays are bastards, Chinese are good”. The victim told the
offender not to say such things and was then punched on the nose by the
offender. The offender was fined $3,500 (in default three weeks’
imprisonment). Although the offender had acted on impulse and his attack was
not premeditated, he did not use any weapon.

(b) Sim Yew Thong v Ng Loy Nam Thomas and other appeals [2000] 3 SLR(R) 155:
The District Judge referred to only the first offender in this case. Here, the
offender was annoyed by the noise made by the victim’s group at the temple.
The offender then punched the victim and knocked him to the ground. The
offender’s conduct was the result of an impulsive outburst rather than a
premeditated attack. The offender was fined $1,000. Although the victim’s
injuries were similarly minor with only bruises, abrasions and tenderness, no
weapon was used by the offender.

(c) Jewel Shaikh Khorshad Ali v Public Prosecutor (MA 9157/2015/01,
unreported) (“Jewel Shaikh Khorshad Ali”): The offender and victim were co-
workers. After a lunch break, the offender brushed past the victim who then
confronted the offender with a 1.5 m long metal rod. A scuffle ensued and the
victim kicked the offender on his right leg. The offender then picked up the
rod the victim had dropped and used it to hit the victim’s head. At first
instance, the offender was fined $5,000 (in default, four weeks’
imprisonment). Although a weapon (metal rod) was used and the victim’s
injuries were not severe, there was grave provocation (as opposed to an
absence of significant provocation in the present case) which was a mitigating
factor. The District Judge also took into account the fact that the offender
had already spent 29 days in remand and was “mindful that the [offender] was
not excessively punished”. On appeal, the fine was reduced to $1,000 (in
default, one week’s imprisonment).

(d) Public Prosecutor v Du Guangwen (DAC 3314/2013, unreported) (“Du
Guangwen”): This was a dispute over work matters, during which the offender
pulled and tore the victim’s T-shirt. The victim held the offender by the
collar of his shirt, thus strangling the offender. The offender then took a
metal hammer and struck the victim’s head once. The offender also struck the
forearm of the victim when the latter raised his right arm in defence. The
offender was fined $5,000 (in default three weeks’ imprisonment). Although a
weapon was used (hammer) and the victim’s injuries were similarly minor, there
was significant provocation as the victim was strangling the offender at the
material time before the offender hit the victim with the hammer.

(e) Public Prosecutor v Kang Chuan Beng (DAC 18112/2013, unreported) (“Kang
Chuan Beng”): The victim was the offender’s girlfriend. They got into an
argument at a casino, and the offender took a ballpoint pen from the game
table and used it to stab the victim’s face continuously. The offender was
fined $5,000 (in default four weeks’ imprisonment). Although a weapon was used
(ballpoint pen) and the victim’s injuries were similarly minor (superficial
scratch marks over her right cheek), the ballpoint pen was not an inherently
dangerous weapon per se and the offence had occurred in the context of a
couple having an argument.

29 Counsel for the Respondent has not cited any precedents where a nominal
imprisonment term of a few days was imposed in cases where a dangerous weapon
was used but the victims suffered only minor injuries. On the other hand, the
Prosecution is able to furnish seven sentencing precedents to illustrate the
point that even where minor injuries were sustained by the victim, the custody
threshold for a s 323 offence was not only likely to be met where there was a
deliberate attack with a lethal weapon, but a non-nominal sentence of between
one week to a few months was also imposed depending on the extent of the
provocation of the offender by the victim (if any):

(a) Public Prosecutor v Tan Phui Moi [2002] SGMC 5 (“Tan Phui Moi”): The
attack occurred in the context of a dispute between the offender and victim in
a residential block. This was a sustained attack where a motorcycle helmet was
initially used to hit the victim’s head. The victim was also fisted on the
face and body. The victim’s injuries were minor: abrasion on the head and rib
cage, bruise over the left side of the chest, and a minor cut on the ring
finger. The offender was sentenced to three weeks’ imprisonment. The
offender’s appeal against her sentence was subsequently withdrawn.

(b) Public Prosecutor v Siti Sawiah Binte Osman [2009] SGDC 392: The victim
had escalated a hostile situation by choosing to sit next to the offender on
the same bench in the lobby of an office building and glancing intermittently
at her soon after an earlier dispute had occurred. The offender took a
porcelain vase from the table beside her and hit the victim on his head. It
was a single attack and not a sustained or premeditated one. The victim’s
injuries were minor: a minor head injury and a 3 cm left scalp laceration. The
offender was sentenced to six weeks’ imprisonment. The offender’s appeal
against her sentence was dismissed.

(c) Public Prosecutor v Teo Hee Huat [2009] SGDC 281 (“Teo Hee Huat”): The
attack occurred in the context of a dispute between one Tan Kim Song (“Tan”)
and the victim at a restaurant during which Tan threw a punch at the victim
who managed to dodge it. Tan approached the victim with a beer bottle to
confront him as he was leaving. When the victim refused to follow Tan, the
offender, who was standing beside Tan, suddenly smashed a wine glass onto the
victim’s face. The victim’s injuries were minor: 0.5 cm laceration over the
right side of his forehead, 3 cm laceration over the nose, and multiple
abrasions over the forehead. However, a further medical report noted that the
lacerations over the victim’s right eyebrow and nose might give rise to
permanent disfigurement. The offender was sentenced to three months’
imprisonment. The offender’s appeal against his sentence was subsequently
withdrawn.

(d) Public Prosecutor v Bian Yong Liang (DAC 12665/2012, unreported) (“Bian
Yong Liang”): The attack occurred in the context of a dispute between the
offender and victim in a dormitory, but the victim struck the first blow using
a metal bunk bed ladder to hit the offender on the head. The offender
retaliated by hitting the victim with a cooking pan. After the fight had
broken up, the offender later approached the victim from behind and hit the
victim on the head with a hammer. The victim’s injuries were minor: he had
sustained a 4 cm laceration on the scalp, and was bleeding and in a drowsy and
dizzy state at the time of his medical examination. The offender sustained a 2
cm open wound with depressed skull fracture at the left parietal region, left
parietal region haematoma, mild right lateral neck tenderness and mild
tenderness over the left shoulder. Both the offender and victim were sentenced
to ten weeks’ imprisonment.

(e) Kiong Chan Kyam v Public Prosecutor (MA 268/2013/01, unreported): The
attack occurred in the context of a dispute between the offender and victim
outside a coffee-shop in the early morning at about 1 am. The victim had
charged towards the offender with beer bottles in his hand. Upon seeing this,
the offender then took a beer bottle from one of the tables nearby and hit the
victim on the head. The victim suffered fractures of the right orbit, nasal
bone and frontal sinus. The offender’s sentence of three months’ imprisonment
was reduced to one month’s imprisonment on appeal.

(f)  Public Prosecutor v Abdullah Al Imran Sardar Mijanur Rahman (DAC
33466/2013, unreported) (“Abdullah Al Imran”): The attack occurred in the
context of a dispute between the offender and victim at a construction site
(their workplace). The victim first pushed the offender and punched him on the
side of his head. The offender then grabbed a hammer from a toolbox and hit
the victim several times on the head with it. The victim suffered minor
injuries: a 3 cm laceration on the scalp, left forehead haematoma with 2
superficial lacerations (each about 5 mm), and contusion on the left shoulder.
The offender was sentenced to one week’s imprisonment.

(g) Public Prosecutor v Li Bo (DAC 924005/2015, unreported): The attack
occurred in the context of a dispute between the offender and victim at a
worker’s dormitory. Both the offender and victim had continually hit each
other until they were separated by their colleagues. Here, the offender used a
kettle to hit the victim on the head. The victim also punched the offender’s
face. The victim’s injuries were minor: a laceration on the scalp, and a
displaced fracture of the proximal phalanx of the right thumb. The offender
suffered a fracture on his facial area, haemorrhage on his left eye and a
rupture in his pupillary sphincter. The offender was sentenced to six weeks’
imprisonment, while the victim was sentenced to ten days’ imprisonment.

Table of sentencing precedents

30 For ease of reference, I produce a table of the seven precedents listed
above at [29] that analyses the relevant sentencing considerations in each
case:

* * *

Case| Degree of Premeditation/  
Provocation| Extent and Nature of Attack| Weapon Used| Victim’s Injuries|
Sentence  
---|---|---|---|---|---  
Public Prosecutor v Tan Phui Moi [2002] SGMC 5| Attack occurred in the context
of a dispute between the offender and victim in a residential block.|
Sustained attack where a motorcycle helmet was initially used to hit the
victim’s head, and the victim was then fisted on the face and body.|
Motorcycle helmet| Minor: abrasion on the head and rib cage, bruise over the
left side of the chest, minor cut on the ring finger| Three weeks’
imprisonment  
Public Prosecutor v Siti Sawiah Binte Osman [2009] SGDC 392| Victim had
escalated a hostile situation by choosing to sit next to the offender on the
same bench soon after an earlier dispute and then cast intermittent glances at
her.| Single attack, not sustained| Porcelain vase| Minor: minor head injury,
3 cm left scalp laceration| Six weeks’ imprisonment  
Public Prosecutor v Teo Hee Huat [2009] SGDC 281| Attack occurred in the
context of a dispute between the victim and another person at a restaurant.
The offender suddenly attacked the victim, who was trying to leave the
restaurant.| Single attack, not sustained| Wine glass| 0.5 cm laceration over
the right side of his forehead; 3 cm laceration over the nose, multiple
abrasions over the forehead; further medical report noted that the lacerations
over the right eyebrow and nose might give rise to permanent disfigurement.|
Three months’ imprisonment  
Public Prosecutor v Bian Yong Liang (DAC 12665/2012, unreported)| Attack occurred in the context of a dispute between the offender and the victim in a dormitory. The victim struck the first blow on the offender’s head with a metal bunk bed ladder. | The offender retaliated by hitting the victim with a cooking pan; after the fight had broken up, the offender approached the victim from behind and hit the victim on the head with a hammer.| Cooking pan, and hammer used by the offender.Metal bunk bed ladder used by the victim.| Victim’s injuries: 4 cm laceration on the scalp; was bleeding and in a drowsy and dizzy state at the time of his medical examination.  
Offender’s injuries: 2 cm open wound with depressed skull fracture at the left
parietal region, left parietal region haematoma, mild right lateral neck
tenderness and mild tenderness over the left shoulder.| Offender and victim
each sentenced to ten weeks’ imprisonment.  
Kiong Chan Kyam v Public Prosecutor  (MA 268/2013/01, unreported)| Attack
occurred in the context of a dispute between the offender and victim. Upon
seeing the victim holding beer bottles and charging towards the offender, the
offender hit the victim with a beer bottle taken from a table nearby.| Single
attack| Unbroken beer bottle| Fractures of the right orbit, nasal bone and
frontal sinus| One month’s imprisonment  
Public Prosecutor v Abdullah Al Imran Sardar Mijanur Rahman (DAC 33466/2013,
unreported)| Attack occurred in the context of a dispute between the offender
and victim. The victim first pushed the offender and punched him on the side
of his head.| Several times on the head| Hammer| 3 cm laceration on the scalp,
left forehead haematoma with 2 superficial lacerations (each about 5 mm),
contusion on the left shoulder.| One week’s imprisonment  
Public Prosecutor v Li Bo (DAC 924005/2015, unreported)| Attack occurred in the context of a dispute between the offender and victim at a worker’s dormitory.| Both the offender and victim continued hitting each other until separated by colleagues.| Kettle used by the offender.No weapon used by the victim.| Victim’s injuries: Laceration on the scalp, displaced fracture of the proximal phalanx of the right thumb.Offender’s injuries: fracture on his facial area, haemorrhage on his left eye and rupture in his pupillary sphincter. | Offender sentenced to six weeks’ imprisonment.Victim sentenced to ten days’ imprisonment.  
  
* * *

31 From the above precedents, it is clear that generally even where relatively
minor injuries are suffered by the victim, a non-nominal custodial sentence is
imposed when a weapon is used. This does not mean that whenever a weapon is
used, the custody threshold is automatically breached. Factors such as the
presence of significant provocation (such as in Jewel Shaikh Khorshad Ali and
Du Guangwen) or the fact that the weapon used is not inherently dangerous
(such as a ballpoint pen in Kang Chuan Beng) may still lead to the court
imposing a fine instead. However, when a dangerous weapon is deliberately used
without significant provocation, the sentencing norm should reflect this
serious aggravating factor and the general deterrence needed. Although the
injuries actually suffered by the victim may not be that serious or life-
threatening, the potential serious harm that could be inflicted should be
taken into account.

32 In the present case, the Respondent had used a Martell bottle as a weapon
to hit the victim on the head. This is an inherently dangerous weapon made of
glass, and the Martell bottle had in fact smashed upon impact on the victim’s
head, indicating the substantial amount of force used by the Respondent. The
sharp edges of a broken bottle can potentially cause deep lacerations and
serious bodily injuries. It is fortuitous that more serious injuries were not
caused. I also have to take into account the fact that the attack with the
glass bottle was directed at the victim’s head, a vulnerable part of the body
(see also Tan Phui Moi at [14] and Sulochana d/o Tambiah Dirumala Sakkrawarthi
v Rajalakshmi Ramoo [2004] 1 SLR(R) 214 at [20]), and that the nature of the
attack extended beyond that one hit, with the victim having to stop the
Respondent from attacking him further. Furthermore, the Respondent triggered
the cycle of violence when he first used the Martell bottle as a weapon to hit
the victim. The Respondent also caused the existing verbal fracas to turn into
a physical one with others joining in.

33 However some mitigating factors are present in this case: (i) the
Respondent apparently acted on impulse without premeditation, in response to
an on-going verbal fracas; (ii) the Respondent is a first-time offender; and
(iii) the Respondent had pleaded guilty without delay.

34 However, I am of the view that the aggravating circumstances (laid out
above at [32]), coupled with the fact that the incident occurred to a member
of the public waiting for public transport in the early morning (see above at
[24]–[27]), warrant the imposition of a longer custodial sentence beyond the
term of two days imposed by the District Judge. I also note that there was an
existing verbal fracas that led to the sudden physical attack and it was not a
random attack on a stranger waiting for a taxi, which would have been much
more aggravating. Nonetheless, an imprisonment term of two days is far out of
sync with the sentencing precedents where weapons were used.

35 I agree with the Prosecution that an imprisonment term of four weeks would
be appropriate in the present case. The present case is slightly more
aggravated than Tan Phui Moi, where the offender was also the one who first
resorted to violence, where the attack using a motorcycle helmet was also on a
vulnerable part of the body, and where the attack was also a sustained one
beyond the first attack. Here, the weapon used (ie a glass bottle) is
inherently more dangerous (ie in comparison with a motorcycle helmet), and the
attack occurred in a public place where the victim was waiting for public
transport. The present case is also more aggravated than Abdullah Al Imran
where there was significant physical provocation by the victim, who first
pushed the offender and punched him on the head. Broadly speaking, the present
case is less aggravated than Teo Hee Huat where the victim’s injuries were
more serious (potential permanent disfigurement of the face); as well as Bian
Yong Liang where, although the victim had seriously provoked the offender
first by hitting his head with a metal bunk bed ladder, the offender had
retaliated viciously with a cooking pan and thereafter also a hammer (the
latter after the fight had already broken up) to hit the victim from behind.

Conclusion

36 Cases of causing simple hurt under s 323 of the Penal Code may not be so
easily dealt with in the absence of all the relevant facts material to
sentence. Unless constrained by the plea bargaining process or other valid
practical reasons, the SOF tendered by the Prosecution ought to paint a fuller
picture and flesh out the relevant facts material to both guilt and sentence
to assist the judge given that the factual circumstances in each case can vary
greatly and the sentencing range for the offence is fairly wide. If the
Prosecution objects to unsubstantiated assertions in mitigation which are
material to sentence, the Defence must either withdraw those assertions,
provide proof or call evidence via a Newton hearing. However, I recognise that
there can be instances where the pure elements making out the charge(s)
proceeded with by the Prosecution are not disputed and hence, the plea of
guilt is taken on that basis with the SOF setting out just those facts
sufficient to establish the elements of the offence(s), whilst leaving aside
all other disputed matters of fact relevant to sentence to be decided later at
a separate Newton hearing subsequent to a conviction on the charge(s). This
will at least save some of the court’s time that would otherwise be needed for
a trial on purely matters of guilt.

37 Having said that, when the parties do not contemplate any need for a
separate Newton hearing and they are proceeding on the basis that all matters
of conviction and sentence are to be dealt with in one proceeding when the
accused pleads guilty, it is necessary for all the parties to agree on the
facts relied upon in support of the conviction, including those material facts
to be relied upon as aggravating or mitigating facts by the respective parties
for the purpose of sentence.

38 Having considered the SOF and the material facts relevant to sentence that
the parties have managed to agree on, and after taking into account the
various sentencing precedents and the aggravating and mitigating circumstances
in the present case, I find the Respondent’s sentence of two days’
imprisonment and a fine of $5,000 to be manifestly inadequate having regard to
the unprovoked, sudden and sustained nature of the attack where a dangerous
weapon had been directed with considerable force at the head of the victim who
was waiting for public transport in the early hours of the morning.
Accordingly, I allow the Prosecution’s appeal and enhance the imprisonment to
a term of four weeks. The imprisonment term of two days and the fine of $5,000
are set aside.

Chan Seng Onn  
Judge

Mohamed Faizal and Ho Lian-Yi (Attorney-General’s Chambers) for the Appellant;  
Eddie Koh (S H Koh & Co) for the Respondent.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 2: 27 Oct 2020 (22:39 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

