Case Summary Summary Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments
Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the SINGAPORE INTERNATIONAL COMMERCIAL COURT of the republic of singapore

[2016] SGHC(I) 06

Suit No 2 of 2015

Between

(1)| TELEMEDIA PACIFIC GROUP LIMITED  
---|---  
(2)| HADY HARTANTO  
  
… Plaintiffs

And

(1)| YUANTA ASSET MANAGEMENT INTERNATIONAL LIMITED  
---|---  
(2)| YEH MAO-YUAN  
  
… Defendants

judgment

[Civil Procedure] — [Costs]

[Civil Procedure] — [Damages] — [Interest]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Telemedia Pacific Group Ltd and another

  
v

  

Yuanta Asset Management International Ltd and another

[2016] SGHC(I) 06

Singapore International Commercial Court — Suit No 2 of 2015  
Patricia Bergin IJ  
7 November 2016

7 December 2016 Judgment reserved

Patricia Bergin IJ:

1 These reasons relate to the form of final orders to be made consequent upon
the judgment delivered in these proceedings on 30 June 2016: see Telemedia
Pacific Group Ltd and another v Yuanta Asset Management International Ltd and
another [2016] SGHC(I) 03 (“the Judgment”). These reasons should be read with
the Judgment. For convenience, I will adopt the abbreviations used in the
Judgment.

2 The plaintiffs were successful in their claims for breach of contract,
breach of fiduciary duties and conversion. The heads of damage in respect of
those claims were agreed to be a shortfall in loan proceeds, the unauthorised
sales of 101.5m NexGen shares in February and March 2011, the unauthorised
sales of 60m NexGen shares in August 2011 and the unauthorised sales of 225m
NexGen shares in October 2011.

3 The plaintiffs were unsuccessful in the balance of their claims with which I
will deal when I deal with the question of costs. The defendants were wholly
unsuccessful in their claims in their Counterclaim.

4 The parties were directed to confer for the purpose of agreeing on the form
of final orders, including the outstanding issues relating to the quantum of
damages, interest and costs (see the Judgment at [545]). Although the parties
communicated between July 2016 and October 2016, it became clear that
agreement could not be achieved and the matter was fixed for further hearing
on 7 November 2016. On that occasion, short oral submissions were made in
addition to the written submissions that had been filed with the Court and
judgment in respect of these matters was reserved. Subsequently, the parties
have made additional short submissions in correspondence to the Court.

5 Before turning to the matters for determination in respect of quantum,
interest and costs, I should refer to a controversy that arose from [402] of
the Judgment which states:

The parties are entitled to share equally in the profits of the joint project
and are burdened equally with any losses of the joint project. The only way in
which that can be ascertained is by some form of an accounting exercise.
However it is reasonably clear that the defendant has taken for himself the
sale proceeds of secret sales of the 60 million NexGen shares in August 2011
and the 225 million NexGen shares in October 2011.

6 The defendants have retained an expert accountant to assist them in
ascertaining the profits and/or losses of the joint venture that are to be
equally shared. On 7 November 2016 I indicated to the parties that the
finalisation of the joint venture relationship as a whole is not part of these
proceedings and I did not intend to entertain submissions in relation to that
accounting exercise. However I indicated that if the parties wished to include
an order in these proceedings finalising their joint venture relationship they
should file a Consent Order by 21 November 2016. This did not occur. As has
been the habit of these parties, they each wrote to the Court after this date
seeking orders in respect of this process, albeit not orders that would
finalise their relationship immediately. Although the defendants requested a
further delay of 21 days in the delivery of these reasons, I am not satisfied
that this is appropriate. However I will grant leave to the parties to relist
the matter on seven days’ written notice for the purpose of making any Consent
Orders finalising the parties’ relationship.

Quantum of damages

7 The first head of damage with which the parties have dealt, both in writing
and orally, is the shortfall in the loan funds.

Shortfall in loan funds

8 The retention of the loan funds by the defendants was not in issue at trial,
albeit that the entitlement to the funds was in issue. The plaintiffs claimed
that an amount of S$850,475.73 had been retained while the defendants claimed
that S$1,633,963.87 had been retained (see the Judgment at [418]).

9 During the parties’ post-Judgment communications the plaintiffs advised the
defendants on 21 July 2016 that they had re-calculated the shortfall to be
S$1,693,785.47. On 16 August 2016 the plaintiffs advised the defendants that
“at the very least” they were entitled to S$850,475.73 for the shortfall in
the loan funds. On 18 October 2016 the plaintiffs’ submissions to the Court
explained the difference between these two figures as follows:

(a) Out of the sums that were transferred from Yuanta to AEM said to be loan
proceeds, a sum of $1,459,710.82 was re-transferred back to Yuanta on 13 April
2011 and was used for the re-purchase of 36.258m NexGen shares that the
Defendants had wrongfully sold. The cost of the re-purchase should be borne by
the Defendants, and the sum of S$1,459,710.82 that AEM re-transferred back to
Yuanta for the purpose of the share re-purchase should thus be deducted from
the loan proceeds said to have been provided by Yuanta to AEM. AEM never had
the benefit of this amount;

(b) Further, the sum of S$850,475.73 stated in the Plaintiffs’ Closing
Submissions was calculated on the basis that the Defendants was [sic] entitled
to withhold 10% out of the loan amount that EFH paid to Yuanta as its
commission. Upon a further review of the evidence, however, the Plaintiffs
have come to realise that the amount that EFH paid to Yuanta did not represent
100% of the loan proceeds, but merely 97% of the loan proceeds. This was
because EFH had deducted 3% from all loan proceeds as its loan fee at the
outset, before transferring the remainder 97% of the loan proceeds to Yuanta.
The Plaintiffs’ previous calculation (S$850,475.73) erroneously overstated the
amount of commission the Defendants were entitled to deduct from the loan
proceeds, because it excluded the 3% loan that EFH had deducted from the
outset. This 3% should be charged to the Defendants, or otherwise taken from
the Defendants’ share of the 10% commission. The Defendants was [sic] only
entitled to withhold the remainder 7% of the loan proceedings (sic) as its
share of the commissions (3% having already been deducted by EFH at the
outset). This is consistent with clause 3 of the Non-Recourse Loan Agreement
(see C-19) which stipulates that the fees and charges associated with any loan
shall be within 10% of the loan amount.

10 In their written submissions filed on 3 November 2016 the defendants took
issue with the plaintiffs’ entitlement to any amount, submitting that the
shortfall should be paid to the joint venture vehicle, AEM. The defendants
also submitted that the shortfall figure should be S$1,293,710.82.

11 During oral submissions on 7 November 2016, the plaintiffs claimed that the
findings made in the Judgment entitled them to the proceeds in respect of the
shortfall. That submission cannot be sustained. These were funds that were
destined for the joint venture vehicle for investment and were funds made
available by EFH on the pledging of the NexGen shares less the 3% fee charged
by EFH. In addition, the defendants were entitled to retain 10% of the loan
funds by way of commission (see the Judgment at [425]).

12 The submissions and the calculation by the defendants is to be preferred.
It provides for the reduction of the S$1.8m paid to the plaintiff on 29 June
2011 but brings to account the amount for the repurchase of the shares of
S$1,459,710.82. Subject to what is said below in relation to interest, the
defendants will be ordered to pay that amount into a joint trust account held
by the solicitors for the respective parties pending the finalisation of the
joint venture accounting exercise between the parties. This is necessary
having regard to the fact that Crédit Agricole closed the AEM account in
October 2011 (see the Judgment at [155]-[157]).

Unauthorised sales in February/March 2011

13 The amount claimed by the plaintiffs for the unauthorised sales of the
NexGen shares in February and March 2011 is S$1,774,733.20. On 8 August 2016,
the defendants notified the plaintiffs of their contention that the profits
obtained from the sale and re-purchase of the 101.5m NexGen shares were made
using funds from the joint venture and therefore the plaintiffs were only
entitled to 50% of that alleged profit.

14 The plaintiffs’ written submissions of 18 October 2016 included a
contention that when the 101.5m NexGen shares were sold, they had not at that
time been pledged to EFH. In this regard, the plaintiffs relied upon the
finding that the defendants were not authorised to sell or otherwise deal with
the shares that had not yet been pledged against any loan (see the Judgment at
[214]). The sale proceeds from the unauthorised sales of the 101.5m NexGen
shares were not funds of the joint venture, but were funds generated from the
sale of shares that belonged to the plaintiffs. The plaintiffs submitted that
they have already given a credit for the cost of re-purchase of those shares
in their final calculation. The plaintiffs claimed that the amount of
S$1,774,733.20 represents the net profit.

15 In their written submissions of 3 November 2016 the defendants relied upon
the following passage of the Judgment, at [403]:

… The plaintiffs are entitled to any profit made from the sale of its shares
in February and March 2011, except they are only entitled to 50% of the
profits from the sale of any shares treated as converted from the warrants
that became an asset of the joint venture when the plaintiff was “reimbursed”.

16 The defendants claim that the damages in respect of the sale of the NexGen
shares in February and March should be S$871,521.94. That calculation is based
on the sale proceeds of S$4,893,310.62 less the purchase price of
S$3,150,266.75 rendering an overall profit of S$1,743,043.87 with 50% of the
profits of S$871,521.94 being the plaintiffs’ entitlement.

17 In their oral submissions, the plaintiffs accepted that the defendants were
entitled to 50% of the proceeds of 30m NexGen shares which was equivalent to
S$225,000. This should be deducted from S$1,774,733.20, the amount calculated
by the plaintiffs.

18 Accordingly, subject to what is said below in relation to interest, the
defendants will be ordered to pay the plaintiffs an amount of S$1,549,733.20.

Unauthorised sales in August 2011

19 The plaintiffs claim an amount of S$1,383,509. The defendants do not take
any real objection to that figure. Subject to what is said below in relation
to interest, the defendants will be ordered to pay the plaintiffs an amount of
S$1,383,509 for the unauthorised sales of the 60m NexGen shares in August
2011.

Unauthorised sales in October 2011

20 The plaintiffs claim an amount of S$2,171,250 for the unauthorised sales of
225m NexGen shares in October 2011.

21 The defendants in their written submissions pointed out that damages should
be calculated as at the time of the sales in the eight tranches which occurred
at different prices throughout the period amounting to a total of
S$1,992,341.50.

22 The issue here is whether damages should be assessed at the date of the
conversion, ie, the time of unauthorised transfer of the shares to Yuanta as
the plaintiffs claim, or the dates of the actual sales as the defendants
claim.

23 I am satisfied that the plaintiffs are entitled to the amount they claim as
at the date of the conversion. Accordingly, subject to what is said below in
relation to interest, the defendants will be ordered to pay the plaintiffs
S$2,171,250.

Punitive damages

24 The plaintiffs contend that the defendants’ overall conduct in “brazenly
carrying out the unauthorised share sales, exacerbated by their dishonest
communications” with the plaintiffs about the location of the shares is
sufficiently outrageous and reprehensible to call for the imposition of
punitive damages.

25 In this regard the plaintiffs relied upon the following findings in the
Judgment:

(a) At [262]:

The fact that [the defendant] would inform the plaintiff that the 60m NexGen
shares had been moved to a custodian account when, I am satisfied that he was
fully cognisant that he had sold the shares and distributed the profits from
those sales to himself, his associates or relatives, demonstrates that he was
willing to be dishonest with the plaintiff.

(b) At [263]:

I regard the defendant’s conduct in selling the 60m NexGen shares in August
2011 and the 225m NexGen shares in October 2011 and his communications with
the plaintiff about the whereabouts of the NexGen shares as dishonest.

(c) At [276]:

I do not accept his explanations of remembering incorrectly as genuine. I do
not accept his suggestion that his emails to the plaintiff advising that the
60m NexGen shares were in a custodian account were “negligent”. I regard his
claims as an attempt to deflect the Court from reaching a conclusion that his
conduct in this regard was dishonest. I am satisfied that the defendant
secretly sold the 60m NexGen shares and intended to dupe the plaintiff into
believing that they had not been sold.

(d) At [278]:

I do not accept the defendant’s evidence that the plaintiff instructed him on
the so-called “several occasions” to sell the NexGen shares in February and
March 2011 to obtain urgently needed funds. I do not accept Mr Goh’s evidence
that the plaintiff telephoned him around midnight on 10 February 2011 to give
such an instruction.

26 The parties relied upon Airtrust (Hong Kong) Ltd v PH Hydraulics &
Engineering Pte Ltd [2016] 1 SLR 1060 (“Airtrust”) in support of their
respective contentions regarding punitive damages. I note that an appeal
against the High Court’s decision on punitive damages in Airtrust was heard
recently and the matter is pending the Court of Appeal’s determination. That
was a case in which the plaintiff agreed to purchase from the defendant a reel
drive unit (“RDU”) pursuant to a Sale and Purchase Agreement (“the
Agreement”). The defendant was aware at the time of entry into the Agreement
that the plaintiff purchased the RDU specifically for lease to a third party
for the laying of undersea cables in the Bass Strait for a Nexus Energy
project.

27 Approximately one month after the entry into the Agreement the parties
agreed that certification of the RDU would be conducted by a company known as
ABSG Consulting Inc (“ABSG”). ABSG subsequently issued certificates for the
design reviews of the RDU that it carried out as well as the manufacturing
processes and the factory acceptance test. However ABSG did not provide a full
certification for the RDU. The RDU suffered a major failure of one of the gear
box assemblies in the course of laying a second reel and thereafter the
hydraulic drive motor and gear assembly on one of the towers of the RDU came
off from its mounting and collapsed.

28 The plaintiff sued the defendant for breach of contract as a result of the
failure of the RDU. One of the issues for determination was whether the RDU
met the relevant industry standards and certifications that were stipulated in
the Agreement. Another issue was whether the defendant’s liability was
excluded under a clause of the Agreement. There was no issue between the
parties at trial that the exclusion would not apply if fraud on the part of
the defendant was established. An issue for determination in this regard was
whether the defendant had obtained the certification fraudulently. Another
issue was whether in the circumstances the plaintiff could, as a matter of
law, and should be awarded punitive damages for the breach of contract.

29 The Court in Airtrust was satisfied that the plaintiff had established that
the defendant had fraudulently modelled some of the critical structural
connections of the RDU and fraudulently stipulated the reason for the absence
of certain aspects in the design so as to deliberately and dishonestly mislead
the certifier into giving certification for the structural design of the RDU.
The Court was also satisfied that the defendant had misled the plaintiff into
believing that it had obtained full certification when it knew it had not. In
those circumstances, the defendant was not able to rely upon any exclusion of
liability clause in the Agreement.

30 After referring to the decision of the Supreme Court of Canada in Whiten v
Pilot Insurance Company [2002] 1 SCR 595 at 645, the Court in Airtrust
observed that the fundamental purpose of punitive damages is retribution,
deterrence and denunciation (at [261]). The Court (at [264]) also referred to
MFM Restaurants Pte Ltd and another v Fish & Co Restaurants Pte Ltd and
another appeal [2011] 1 SLR 150 (“MFM Restaurants”) in which the Court of
Appeal (at [52]) referred to this area of the law being in a “state of flux”.
However the Court in Airtrust concluded (at [264]) that unless there was a
Court of Appeal decision ruling out the availability of punitive damages for
breach of contract, it was inclined to hold that it had power in “an
exceptional case” to award punitive damages for breach of contract when a
defendant’s conduct had been “so highly reprehensible, shocking or outrageous”
that the Court finds it necessary to condemn and deter such conduct by the
imposition of punitive damages.

31 In Airtrust, the Court awarded punitive damages because the defendant had
behaved fraudulently in misleading a building certification agency by
intentionally submitting building models that misrepresented the reality and
misleading the plaintiff into believing that full certification had been
obtained when it had not. The Court decided that it was an “exceptional case”
and that the defendant’s overall conduct was sufficiently outrageous and
reprehensible to justify such an award.

32 In the present case, the defendants did not contend that the Court does not
have power to award punitive damages in such circumstances. Rather, it was
submitted that the circumstances of this case do not warrant the imposition of
punitive damages. In this case, there was no claim of fraud. Although the
plaintiffs sought to introduce such a claim on the first day of the trial it
was disallowed (see the Judgment at [163]). The defendants claimed an
entitlement to sell the NexGen shares pursuant to the Agreements between the
parties. That issue was decided against the defendants.

33 It is the case that adverse credibility findings were made against the
defendant (see the Judgment at [254]-[259], [262]-[263], [276], [289], [306],
[366] and [395]-[396]). However there were also adverse credit findings made
against the plaintiff (see the Judgment at [326], [337] and [345]).
Deficiencies were found in both the plaintiff’s evidence and the defendant’s
evidence (see the Judgment at [276] and [360]).

34 There is a difference between conduct that is high-handed in respect of
which there is no possible explanation other than flagrant and reprehensible
disregard for another party’s rights, and conduct pursued on the basis of a
claimed right caused by alleged misconduct of that other party. It is this
latter conduct that the defendant pursued although he was clearly secretive
and dishonest about what he was actually doing at the time. His claims of such
an entitlement were pursued in the proceedings but were rejected.

35 It is not necessary in the circumstances of the conclusions that I have
reached to analyse the nature of the power to award punitive damages. I have
decided that even assuming there is the existence of such a power, this is not
a case in which such damages should be awarded. It is not an exceptional case
of high-handed and reprehensible conduct that requires punishment. These
parties were in a relationship that was fraught with difficulties, and each
had competing claims on the other over a series of transactions that were
worth millions of dollars with what could only be described as very loose
checks and balances. These parties were not candid with each other. The
complexities of their rather short and fraught relationship had been exposed
in the Judgment and it is not necessary to repeat them here. The damages to be
awarded will, in my view, be ample compensation for the plaintiffs in the
circumstances of this case.

Interest

36 The next issue relates to the plaintiffs’ claim for interest on the award
of damages. The plaintiffs contend that in so far as the damages are awarded
for breach of fiduciary duty, they are entitled to compound interest on each
amount at the rate of 5.33% per annum for the period of five years.

37 In support of this contention the plaintiffs relied on the following
passage of Lord Denning MR’s judgment in Wallersteiner v Moir (No 2) [1975] 1
QB 373 at 388:

In addition, in equity interest is awarded whenever a wrongdoer deprives a
company of money which it needs for use in its business. It is plain that the
company should be compensated for the loss thereby occasioned to it. Mere
replacement of the money – years later – is by no means adequate compensation,
especially in days of inflation. The company should be compensated by the
award of interest. … On general principles I think it should be presumed that
the company (had it not been deprived of the money) would have made the most
beneficial use open to it: cf. Armory v Delamirie (1723) 1 Stra. 505. It may
be that the company would have used it in its own trading operations; or that
it would have used it help its subsidiaries. Alternatively, it should be
presumed that the wrongdoer made the most beneficial use of it. But, whichever
it is, in order to give adequate compensation, the money should be replaced at
interest with yearly rests, i.e., compound interest.

38 The plaintiffs also relied on the following passage of Deutsche Bank AG v
Chang Tse Wen [2013] 1 SLR 1310 (“Deutsche Bank”) at [152]:

Previously, the equitable jurisdiction for courts to grant compound interest
only existed in cases involving deceit or equitable fraud, such as
misapplication of funds by fiduciaries in breach of their fiduciary duties.
However, this rule was abolished by the House of Lords in Sempra, where it was
held that the award of compound interest was no longer so restricted. Sempra
was followed locally by Chan Seng Onn J in The Oriental Insurance Co Ltd v
Reliance National Asia Re Pte Ltd [2009] 2 SLR(R) 385 (“Oriental Insurance”),
whose analysis I agree with. In Oriental Insurance, Chan J concluded at [137]
that:

For the reasons I have stated, I would follow this decision of the House of
Lords in Sempra Metals and it also accords with commercial and economic
reality because a claimant in long-running case such as this will be severely
under-compensated in damages were the court to have power only to award simple
interest and no discretion to award any compound interest even in a deserving
case. The correct legal position in Singapore is that the courts are not so
hampered and have an unfettered discretion to award simple or compound
interest as damages as is appropriate that would justly compensate the person
for the loss that he has suffered. [Emphasis added; emphasis in original
omitted].

39 There is no issue that the Singapore International Commercial Court
(“SICC”) has the power to award compound interest in an appropriate or
“deserving” case. The issue between the parties is whether such an award is
appropriate in the circumstances of this case.

40 The plaintiffs submitted that the defendants have had the full benefit of
the misappropriated or misapplied funds and/or the secret profits for five
years. The plaintiffs emphasised that the defendants have, by their own
admission, applied the funds from the unauthorised sales for purposes that
were unrelated to the joint venture. The plaintiffs also emphasised that the
defendants concealed the misapplication of the sale proceeds from them, which
was made worse by the fact that the plaintiffs placed a great deal of trust in
the defendants and were entitled to expect the defendants would act in the
best interests of the joint venture (see the Judgment at [225]). The
plaintiffs submitted that in those circumstances, compound interest would be
the only way in which the plaintiffs would be properly compensated.
Alternatively, the plaintiffs claim simple interest at 5.33% for five years.

41 The defendants contend that in accordance with Deutsche Bank, compound
interest is only awarded as damages where it would justly compensate the
person for the loss suffered. The defendants emphasised that in Deutsche Bank,
the Court held that parties claiming compound interest have the burden of
proving that they have suffered losses for which an award of compound interest
would be appropriate. Although in that case the plaintiff claimed that but for
the defendant’s breaches, the plaintiff would have applied the cash towards
investments in safer interest bearing deposits, the evidence did not establish
what the plaintiff would have done with the funds and the Court was left to
speculate. In those circumstances, the application for compound interest was
refused and an award of simple interest was made.

42 In the present case, the evidence upon which the plaintiffs relied in
support of their claim for compound interest went more to establishing the
nature of the defendants’ conduct that might ground a claim for punitive
damages, rather than establishing what the plaintiffs would have done with the
moneys that were paid away to third parties. The plaintiffs did not lead
evidence to establish what they would have done with the funds received from
the unauthorised sales. One alternative may have been re-investment in the
joint venture before the end of 2011. However, what might have happened
thereafter is left only to speculation. In these circumstances, I am not
satisfied that this case is deserving of an award of compound interest. I am
satisfied that it is appropriate to make an award of simple interest.

43 There is a further issue of the timeframe during which such interest should
be awarded. The plaintiffs contend that interest should be awarded for a
period of five years from the dates of the breaches. The defendants claim that
the appropriate timeframe should be calculated from the date that the
plaintiffs commenced the proceedings, which would result in a period of two
years. The defendants relied upon the decision in Robertson Quay Investment
Pte Ltd v Steen Consultants Pte Ltd and another [2008] 2 SLR(R) 623 where the
Court of Appeal held that the commencement date for the calculation of
interest should begin from the date of the Writ in circumstances where there
was an inordinate delay by the plaintiffs in commencing the proceedings. The
defendants submitted that in the present case the plaintiffs had been content
to sit on their claim for nearly three years before taking any action. The
defendants also submitted that the plaintiffs have offered no reasonable
explanation for the delay before commencing the proceedings.

44 The plaintiffs commenced proceedings against Crédit Agricole and it was not
until towards the end of those proceedings that they commenced the present
proceedings. It is true that the trial judge in the Earlier Proceedings
referred to the plaintiffs’ failure to bring proceedings against the
defendants as “bizarre” (see the Judgment at [391]). However, it was not until
the hearing in the Earlier Proceedings that the plaintiffs were made aware of
all or some of the arrangements between the defendants and EFH. The defendants
were certainly not forthcoming in relation to the whereabouts of the NexGen
shares that had been transferred to Yuanta and it took the plaintiffs’ legal
representatives considerable forensic skills to uncover the true position. I
am not satisfied that the delay in bringing the proceedings is a matter
warranting denial of the claims of interest from the date of the breaches.

45 The plaintiffs are entitled to simple interest on the damages in accordance
with the formula S$[principal sum] x (0.0533 x 5) = interest payable.

46 The damages payable into the joint account in respect of the shortfall of
the loan funds is S$1,459,710.82. Interest on that amount according to this
formula is S$389,012.93. Therefore, the defendants are to pay a total of
S$1,848,723.75 into the joint account referred to earlier.

47 The damages payable by the defendants to the plaintiffs in respect of the
unauthorised sales amount to S$5,104,492.20. Interest on that amount for the
five year period according to the abovementioned formula will be
S$1,360,347.17. Therefore, the defendants are to pay damages to the plaintiffs
in the amount of S$6,464,839.37.

Costs

48 The plaintiffs seek orders that the defendants pay 95% of the costs of
their claims and the Counterclaim and the total amount of disbursements
(excluding the costs of engaging the experts) on an indemnity basis.

49 The defendants contend that the plaintiff should only be awarded 10% of the
costs of their claims and should bear the defendants’ expenses incurred in the
engagement of experts to meet the plaintiffs’ failed Portfolio Claim.

Percentage of costs

50 The Court has the “full power” to determine by whom and to what extent
costs are to be paid: see para 152 of the Singapore International Commercial
Court Practice Directions (“PD 152”). In assessing costs, the Court is to have
regard to O 110 r 46(1) of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2014 Rev Ed)
(“the ROC”) which provides that the costs of any proceedings in the SICC are
to be borne by the unsuccessful party unless the Court orders otherwise (see
PD 152(2)(a)). The Court may apportion costs between the parties if it is
satisfied that such apportionment is reasonable, taking into account the
circumstances of the case (see PD 152(2)(b)). The Court may take into
consideration factors such as the conduct of all parties before, as well as
during, the proceedings, the amount or value of any claim involved, the
complexity or difficulty of the subject matter involved, the skill, expertise
and specialised knowledge involved, the novelty of any questions raised and
the time and effort expended on the proceedings (see PD 152(3)(a)-(f)).

51 The plaintiffs submitted that the majority of their claims were allowed and
to the extent that they were disallowed, it was primarily on the basis of
contractual interpretation (see the Judgment at [379]-[380]), lack of pleading
(see the Judgment at [452]) and expert opinion (see the Judgment at
[512]-[518]). It was submitted that this did not substantially add to the work
that would otherwise have been required for the purposes of establishing the
facts in support of the claims that were allowed.

52 The plaintiffs submitted that the dismissal of their SPA claim was
neutralised by the dismissal of the defendants’ Counterclaim. It is not
necessary to decide whether the dismissal of the SPA claim was “neutralised”.
However the respective dismissals of these claims will be taken into account
when determining the appropriate costs order.

53 The plaintiffs submitted that a reduction of only 5% from their costs of
their claims and the Counterclaim is a fair reflection of their entitlement to
an award of costs.

54 The plaintiffs submitted that this case raised novel issues concerning the
nature of non-recourse loan agreements. The defendants contended that the case
was determined purely on a matter of construction of the Agreements and did
not involve any novel concepts. On balance, I agree with the defendants’
submissions. It was ultimately a matter of construing the Agreements between
the parties to determine whether the defendants had no entitlement to deal
with any of the shares as claimed by the plaintiffs, or the defendants’
discretion to sell the shares was unfettered as they claimed. The position, as
construed, was that the defendants could deal with the shares but only those
that had been pledged against a loan that had been provided (see the Judgment
at [214]).

55 The plaintiffs also submitted that the case raised complex, analytical and
evidential issues because of the nature of the transactions and the agreements
between the parties on the one hand and between the defendants and EFH on the
other. Although the defendants submitted that this was not so, I agree with
the plaintiffs’ submissions that there were quite some complex analytical and
evidentiary matters that needed to be addressed. The management of the trial
was very efficient and all counsel brought discipline to the way they
approached the proceedings. Although the case took only seven days, there was
extensive material and evidence covered in that period. The detailed written
submissions and the Judgment evidence the fact of such extensive material and
evidence.

56 The defendants submitted that there was no material reference in the
Judgment to the agreements between the defendants and EFH and they disputed
that the back-to-back nature of the transactions could have given rise to
complex, analytical and evidential issues. It is not accurate to claim that
there was no material reference to the agreements between the defendants and
EFH in the Judgment. There was material reference to the arrangements between
Yuanta and EFH and also to the agreements (see for instance the Judgment at
[28]-[42]; [374]-[377]). As I have said, there were complex, analytical and
evidentiary issues to be determined.

57 The defendants acknowledged that O 110 r 46(6) of the ROC provides that O
59 of the ROC does not apply to proceedings in the SICC. However they
submitted that the guidelines provided by O 59 of the ROC in respect of the
Court’s discretion to award costs is nonetheless useful in determining what is
a reasonable quantum of costs. In particular, the defendants relied upon the
provision that costs for more than two solicitors for a party would only be
allowed in “exceptional circumstances” in cases involving a high degree of
complexity of facts and/or law or where there are many issues of both fact and
law and the trial is lengthy.

58 The plaintiffs’ Schedule of Costs includes professional fees of
S$969,445.57 and disbursements of S$82,784.54, making a total of
S$1,052,230.11. The professional fees are for five solicitors with reference
to the areas of work for which each solicitor was responsible. There is no
breakdown of the work that was done by those solicitors. Rather, there is
simply a claim that the five solicitors spent so many hours in their relevant
areas of work in preparation for and during the trial. The defendants relied
upon the costs guidelines providing for a daily tariff of S$15,000 for party-
and-party costs for trials involving “simple” contract corporate law disputes
if no novel issues of law or complex fact exists, and a daily tariff of
S$17,000 for party-and-party costs for trials involving complex contract
disputes. The defendants submitted by comparison with these daily tariffs it
can be seen that the plaintiffs’ claims are excessive. The plaintiffs’
submitted that as O 59 of the ROC does not apply to the SICC, so the
defendants’ submissions in reliance upon its terms, even by analogy, should be
rejected. Order 59 of the ROC does not apply and it is necessary to consider
each case on its merits.

59 The defendants submitted that the plaintiffs should only be awarded 10% of
the total costs of the proceedings and should be ordered to pay the
defendants’ costs of meeting the Portfolio Claim. The defendants submitted
that these orders are justified because: (1) only a small part of the
plaintiffs’ “myriad of claims” was successful; (2) the Portfolio Claim and the
conspiracy claim which took a significant amount of time to prepare for were
both dismissed; (3) the experts’ evidence was only relevant to the Portfolio
Claim; (4) the Portfolio Claim was a late claim which resulted in unnecessary
loss of time and expense; and (5) the amount awarded to the plaintiffs is a
“miniscule sum” compared with the claim that was originally made of S$140m and
S$157m.

60 There is no doubt that the plaintiffs were put to additional expense in
tracing the transactions that were contained in Exhibit P6. It was
unsatisfactory that the plaintiffs had to expend additional time and effort in
trying to find out where the NexGen shares might have been (see the Judgment
at [420]-[421] and [482]). The plaintiffs were successful in establishing
breaches of fiduciary duty, breaches of contract and conversion by the
defendants. However, the plaintiffs’ remedies were limited because of the
construction of the Agreements, pursuant to which damages were to be awarded
only for those shares that had not been pledged against any particular loan.

61 The Portfolio Claim was an aspect of the plaintiffs’ claim for damages in
consequence of the defendants’ breaches. The parties relied upon their
respective experts in this regard. Ultimately, there was very little that
divided the expert opinions. They agreed that the disposals of shares by the
defendants had an impact on the share price and the difference between them
was the degree of that impact (see the Judgment at [454]). Ultimately the
plaintiff was not successful in this aspect of its damages claim.

62 The conspiracy claim was also unsuccessful. However, having regard to the
way in which the conspiracy claim was pleaded and run, there was little extra
time taken in the trial in respect of this aspect of the matter.

63 The exercise of the discretion to award costs, particularly where it is
appropriate to apportion costs or to fix a percentage, is far from an exact
science. It is necessary to take into account the realities of the outcomes
and to make an assessment of the successful parties’ entitlements where some
of the claims were unsuccessful.

64 I do not regard the defendants’ assessment of a reduction of 90% as fair or
just. The plaintiffs were successful in establishing the breaches to which
reference has been made. The unsuccessful claims, but for the Portfolio Claim,
did not add a great deal of time to the trial, albeit that the SPA claim
involved quite a deal of evidence by the defendants. Against that, the
defendants were unsuccessful in their Counterclaim.

65 The Portfolio Claim was, as I have said, a consequential claim in respect
of the proven breaches. It seems to me that the most appropriate order in
respect of that claim is that the plaintiffs should pay the defendants’ costs
of instructing their experts and all costs associated with that aspect of the
claim. Otherwise, I am satisfied that the appropriate percentage of the costs
to be paid by the defendants to the plaintiffs for the successful outcome,
taking into account those parts of the claims that were unsuccessful, is 75%,
excluding any costs incurred by the plaintiffs in respect of the retention of
experts and the Portfolio Claim.

66 Orders will be made that the defendants pay 75% of the plaintiffs’ costs of
the proceedings (excluding any costs incurred by the plaintiffs in respect of
the Portfolio Claim), and that the plaintiffs pay the defendants’ costs of
retaining their expert in respect of the Portfolio Claim and their costs
incurred in defending the Portfolio Claim.

Indemnity costs

67 The plaintiffs submitted that the unauthorised sales were dishonestly
concealed from them and they were put to the inconvenience, expense and effort
of trying to identify the location of the shares that were transferred to
Yuanta’s account (see the Judgment at [420]). It was submitted that the effort
that was required to uncover the truth of the defendants’ dealings and in
constructing the Chart of Transactions (Exhibit P6) was exacerbated by the
provision of misleading accounts in relation to the trades or sales of the
shares, with which the defendants persisted during the trial. The plaintiffs
also relied upon the findings that untruthful evidence was given by the
defendant which added to the time and expense the plaintiffs incurred in
establishing the claims that were allowed (see the Judgment at [241]-[242],
[262]-[263], [274]-[278]). In those circumstances, the plaintiffs submitted
that they are entitled to an award of costs on an indemnity basis.

68 The plaintiffs also referred to the “immense difficulty” and significant
expense to which they were put by the defendants’ persistent non-disclosures
of critical information and documents. The plaintiffs had to issue subpoenas
which ultimately produced the taped phone conversations between the defendant
and Mr Goh. This was over a suggestion by the defendants that there were no
such conversations because those parties allegedly communicated by private
mobile phone. The plaintiffs submitted that the defendants sought to prevent
them from accessing the information and bank documents on the “spurious cover
of bank secrecy”. It was submitted that had the defendants co-operated to
provide disclosure, or to procure disclosure by Crédit Agricole, there would
have been no need for the subpoenas and orders for Crédit Agricole to produce
the relevant documents.

69 The plaintiffs also emphasised the defendants’ conduct of the trial, in
particular, their refusal to disclose key documents which necessitated a large
amount of correspondence and specific discovery requests. The plaintiffs also
emphasised the urgent work created by the last-minute introduction of Mr Goh
as a witness. There is no doubt that the late application for leave to call Mr
Goh caused additional work for the plaintiffs well after the timeframe within
which the evidence in the proceedings had been scheduled for completion.

70 The plaintiffs also submitted that the extent and nature of the defendants’
breaches of contract and fiduciary duties were exacerbated by the positions
which the defendants persistently maintained during the trial. Particular
emphasis was placed on the claims by the defendants that they had sold the 60m
and 225m NexGen shares with authority when they had plainly carried out those
sales in secret. There is of course a difference between selling the shares
with notice on the basis that it was thought the sales were authorised, and
selling them on the same basis secretly. The latter process may of course
undermine the claim that it was thought the sales were authorised. However, in
this case the defendants put forward a not unarguable (but ultimately
unsuccessful) claim that they were entitled to deal with the shares.

71 The plaintiffs submitted that the taped conversations obtained from Crédit
Agricole also showed that the transfer of 225m NexGen shares from TPG’s
account to Yuanta’s subsidiary account (the Fullerton account) in October 2011
was planned and deliberate and certainly not in accordance with any of the
excuses subsequently given to the plaintiffs or to the Court.

72 The defendants submitted that there was no impropriety or abuse of the
judicial process such as to warrant a departure from the usual order that
costs should be paid on an ordinary rather than an indemnity basis. They
submitted that the “flurry” of discovery requests from the plaintiffs for
documents from Crédit Agricole only arose late in the day in December 2015 and
the defendants complied with the request to the best of their ability. The
defendants had issued a subpoena to Crédit Agricole without delay when they
were directed to do so by the Court after applying for leave to call Mr Goh as
a witness. The defendants submitted that more importantly, all relevant
documents were ultimately disclosed and both parties had full opportunity to
cross-examine on such documents during the trial. The defendants submitted
that in those circumstances there was no prejudice to the plaintiffs.

73 The defendants also submitted that although the Counterclaim was dismissed,
there was no finding that it was brought in bad faith or for improper purposes
or that the defendants had acted in bad faith in the conduct of the
proceedings. This was so notwithstanding that there were findings that the
defendant had breached his contractual obligations of good faith (see the
Judgment at [395]-[396]). It was submitted that the plaintiffs had put forward
a case of fraud at the trial of the action despite not pleading it. It was
submitted that the plaintiffs refused to withdraw their claim on fraud despite
repeated reminders from the Court that it was not pleaded.

74 The defendants also submitted that although the plaintiffs have alleged
that the “untruthful evidence” of the defendant is a reason for costs to be
awarded on an indemnity basis, findings were also made in respect of the
deficiencies of the plaintiff’s evidence (see the Judgment at [276]). In any
event, I am not satisfied that the rejection of parts of the defendant’s
evidence and parts of the plaintiff’s evidence in the circumstances of this
case is a proper basis for an indemnity costs order.

75 It is true that the plaintiffs were put to the trouble of preparing
material urgently after the defendants were granted leave to call Mr Goh as a
witness. There was no real explanation given for the lateness of this
notification and it was a very important aspect of the case with which the
plaintiffs had to deal. I am satisfied that the costs expended by the
plaintiffs in obtaining the documents from Crédit Agricole, in dealing with Mr
Goh’s late evidence and for the time spent in cross-examining Mr Goh should be
awarded on an indemnity basis. I am not satisfied however that the balance of
the costs should be awarded on an indemnity basis. In doing the best I can to
sensibly apportion the costs, I regard it as appropriate to fix a percentage
of the plaintiffs’ costs to be paid on an indemnity basis rather than making
an order for indemnity costs attributable to some aspects of the case. I
regard the percentage appropriate for an award of indemnity costs as 10%.

76 An order will be made that the defendants pay 10% of the plaintiffs’ costs
of the proceedings on an indemnity basis.

Alternative claim

77 The plaintiffs also sought an account in respect of the proceeds from the
unauthorised sales that were diverted by the defendant to third parties. This
is an alternative claim made by the plaintiffs if the defendants failed to pay
the judgment debts. It is appropriate to grant leave to the plaintiffs to
relist the matter in respect of this application and, if necessary, give
notice to the parties into whose hands the plaintiffs seek to trace the funds.

Orders

78 I make the following orders:

(a) The defendants are to pay S$1,848,723.75 into a joint trust account held
by the solicitors for the respective parties pending the finalisation of the
joint venture accounting exercise between the parties.

(b) The defendants are to pay the plaintiffs S$6,464,839.37 in respect of the
unauthorised sales.

(c) The defendants are to pay 75% of the plaintiffs’ costs of the proceedings
(excluding any costs incurred by the plaintiffs in respect of the Portfolio
Claim). The defendants are to pay 10% of those costs on an indemnity basis.

(d) The plaintiffs are to pay the defendants’ costs of retaining their expert
in respect of the Portfolio Claim and the defendants’ costs incurred in
defending the Portfolio Claim.

(e) Leave is granted to the plaintiffs to relist the matter in respect of any
application for an account.

(f) Leave is granted to the parties to relist the matter on seven days’
written notice for the purpose of making any Consent Orders finalising the
parties’ relationship.

Patricia Bergin  
International Judge

Paul Tan, Yam Wern-Jhien and Josephine Chee (Rajah & Tann Singapore LLP) for
the plaintiffs;  
Hee Theng Fong, Toh Wei Yi, Nicklaus Tan and Jaclyn Leong (Harry Elias
Partnership LLP) for the defendants.

SUPREME COURT OF SINGAPORE

7 December 2016

Media Summary

Singapore International Commercial Court Suit No 2 of 2015

Telemedia Pacific Group Limited and another v Yuanta Asset Management

International Limited and another [2016] SGHC(I) 06

1 The judgment related to the form of final orders to be made consequent upon
the judgment delivered in these proceedings on 30 June 2016 in which the
plaintiffs were held to have succeeded in their claims for breach of contract,
breach of fiduciary duties and conversion. The heads of damage in respect of
those claims were agreed to be a shortfall in loan proceeds as well as the
unauthorised sales of shares in Next Generation Satellite Communications
Limited (“NexGen shares”) between February and October 2011. The parties were
unable to agree on the form of final orders and the matter was fixed for
further hearing on 7 November 2016. The main disputes between the parties
concerned the quantum of damages, interest on the award of damages and costs.

2 The court rejected the plaintiffs’ claim for punitive damages for the
unauthorised sales of the NexGen shares. Even assuming that the court had the
power to award punitive damages, the court was satisfied that this was not a
case in which such damages should be awarded. The case did not involve high-
handed and reprehensible conduct that required punishment; these parties were
in a relationship that was fraught with difficulties and they were not candid
with each other.

3 The court refused the plaintiffs’ application for compound interest and
awarded simple interest. Compound interest was inappropriate in the absence of
evidence of what the plaintiffs would have done with the funds received

from the unauthorised sales. The court was also satisfied that interest should
be calculated for a period of five years from the date of the breaches.

4 In the premises, the court assessed the shortfall of the loan proceeds to be
S$1,848,723.75 (inclusive of interest) and the damages for the unauthorised
sales of NexGen shares to be S$6,464,839.37 (inclusive of interest).

5 As for the costs of the proceedings, the court ordered the defendants to pay
75% of the plaintiffs’ costs (excluding any costs incurred by the plaintiffs
in respect of their failed Portfolio Claim). The defendants were ordered to
pay 10% of those costs on an indemnity basis since the plaintiffs were put to
the trouble of preparing material urgently after the defendants’ last-minute
introduction of a witness. Separately, the plaintiffs were ordered to pay the
defendants’ costs of retaining their expert in respect of the Portfolio Claim
and the defendants’ costs incurred in defending the Portfolio Claim.

6 The parties were granted leave to relist the matter in respect of any
application for an account of the proceeds from the unauthorised sales that
were diverted by the defendant to third parties as well as for the purpose of
making any consent orders finalising the parties’ relationship.

This summary is provided to assist in the understanding of the Court’s
judgment. It is not intended to be a substitute for the reasons of the Court.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 3: 14 Jul 2021 (17:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

