Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high COURT of the republic of singapore

[2016] SGHC 277

Suit No 129 of 2011

Between

| ONG GHEE SOON KEVIN  
---|---  
|  
  
… Plaintiff

And

| HO YONG CHONG  
---|---  
  
… Defendant

judgment

[Conflict of Laws] — [Choice of law] — [Tort]

[Damages] — [Mitigation] — [Tort]

[Tort] — [Misrepresentation] — [Negligent misrepresentation]

[Tort] — [Negligence] — [Duty of care]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Ong Ghee Soon Kevin

  
v

  

Ho Yong Chong

[2016] SGHC 277

High Court — Suit No 129 of 2011  
Belinda Ang Saw Ean J  
15, 19–22, 26–29 April, 30–31 August 2016; 24 October 2016

16 December 2016 Judgment reserved.

Belinda Ang Saw Ean J:

Introduction

1 The plaintiff’s claim in this action relates to the purchase of 200,000
shares in Amaru Inc (“Amaru”). The plaintiff says that he was induced to
invest in Amaru by reason of misrepresentation or misstatement on the part of
the defendant. The value of the shares in Amaru (“the Amaru shares”) is far
below the total price of US$655,000 that the plaintiff paid for the purchase
of the shares, and in this action, the plaintiff seeks to recover the
acquisition sum of US$655,000.

2 This judgment examines, amongst other things, whether the defendant, a bank
employee who is sued in his personal capacity, is liable for negligent
misrepresentation in respect of the purchase of the Amaru shares. For the
various reasons in dispute, the defendant asserts that the tort was committed
in Switzerland, and claims, in addition, the benefit of the contract between
the bank and the plaintiff in order to assert that the dispute between the
plaintiff and defendant is governed by Swiss law, and is not actionable under
Swiss law. This assertion raises a novel point for Singapore’s private
international law as to whether reference in a contractual document, to a
foreign law includes the foreign legal system’s private international law or
only its domestic law.

Background facts

Parties and relationships

3 The plaintiff is a Malaysian citizen and was at all material times a private
banking customer of the Singapore branch of Crédit Agricole (Suisse) SA (“the
bank”). The defendant is a Singapore citizen who is, and was at all material
times, an employee of the bank.

4 The plaintiff was educated in the United States and is a trained architect
holding three degrees: a Bachelor of Environmental Design, a Master in
Architecture and a Master in Design Studies. From the end of 2001 onwards, the
plaintiff was residing in Vancouver, Canada. He returned to Malaysia in 2008.
In 2005, the plaintiff was in Singapore during the following periods:

(a) 4 to 5 February 2005;

(b) 2 to 5 March 2005; and

(c) 4 to 9 December 2005.

The plaintiff’s claims that it was during this second trip to Singapore that
he had a meeting with the defendant and that it was on that occasion that the
series of representations set out in [21] below were made.

5 The plaintiff opened an account with the bank in November 2000 (“the
Account”). It is common ground that the Account was booked and domiciled in
the Republic and Canton of Geneva, Switzerland. Apart from being a Swiss-
booked account, the Account was an execution-only account where with regard to
which the bank’s role was confined to executing orders on behalf of the
customer, as opposed to advisory or discretionary accounts. Put simply, the
plaintiff did not grant advisory or management mandates in favour of the bank.

6 It is also common ground that in the bank’s General Conditions (Version
10.03), clause 7.29 (which is the contractual choice of Swiss law in issue as
confirmed by both parties at trial) provides as follows:

7.29 APPLICABLE LAW, PLACE OF EXECUTION AND JURISDICTION

All relations between the Bank and its client are subject to Swiss law,
especially all matters connected with their performance, interpretation,
validity or execution. The place of execution of all obligations, the place of
debt collection proceedings (the latter only for clients domiciled abroad) and
the place of exclusive jurisdiction in all proceedings is in Switzerland at
the domicile of the Bank’s office conducting the business relationships with
the client. However, the Bank is entitled to institute proceedings at the
client’s domicile or before any other competent court. The client elects
domicile at the aforesaid entity of the Bank for the serving of all legal
instruments and procedural documents. [emphasis added]

7 At all material times, the defendant was designated as the officer to liaise
with the plaintiff on his Account. The plaintiff, however, chose to liaise
with Tiang Lay Nguk (“Ellen”), the Managing Director of the Private Banking
Desk, who headed a team of private bankers that included the defendant. The
Private Banking Desk is a unit of the bank that handles high net worth
individuals while servicing their banking needs, and Ellen’s team services
about 350 customers. It is common ground that the plaintiff had more extensive
contact with Ellen due to their friendlier and closer relationship, and
communicated only occasionally with the defendant. Chia Sze Foh (“Yvonne”) is
Ellen’s service assistant.

8 In the bank’s “Know Your Client” form, the plaintiff described himself as a
“property and equity investor” who “on his own trades new economy stocks on
NASDAQ”. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

1AB55.

During cross-examination, the plaintiff confirmed that he had been trading
“new economy” shares such as “IT shares” and “dotcom shares” since the late
1990s and had thereby made around US$1 million in profits. He also traded in
US equities through accounts maintained with Prudential Securities and Charles
Schwab. His investment preference was for, and his experience was in, US
technology and internet counters. The plaintiff is familiar with trading
“over-the-counter” (“OTC”) shares listed on the Pink Sheets Electronic
Quotation System (“Pink Sheets”) and on the “Over the Counter Bulletin Board”
(“OTCBB”). The data compiled by the defendant’s expert witness, Mr David
Symons (“Mr Symons”), from the plaintiff’s trading activities from 2000 to
2006 shows that the plaintiff traded a total of seven OTC shares in his
Prudential and Charles Schwab accounts from 2000 to 2006. The plaintiff’s
expert witness, Mr Kevin Gin (“Mr Gin”), testified that Pink Sheet shares are
highly illiquid and, hence, are risky trades. OTCBB shares are also risky
investments. All in all, the plaintiff, at all material times, was and is
familiar with trading OTC stocks listed on Pink Sheets and on OTCBB. In
addition, the plaintiff has also demonstrated a high risk appetite in the
foreign exchange market.

The purchase of Amaru shares

9 Amaru is a company incorporated in Nevada, United States of America in
September 1999, which is in the business of providing content for broadband
media entertainment-on-demand and other related services through its various
subsidiaries under the M2B brand in different jurisdictions such as
California, Australia, and Singapore. Amaru’s corporate offices are located in
Singapore. At the beginning, Amaru was a dormant listing vehicle and had no
operating business until about 25 February 2004 when it acquired M2B World Pte
Ltd (“M2B World”), a company incorporated in Singapore on 3 April 2003. M2B
World’s business involved online entertainment, education, subscriptions,
advertising and branding.

10 Amaru was first listed on Pink Sheets under the symbol “AMRU” on 12
November 2004, and then on OTCBB in the United States, an interdealer
quotation system, under the same symbol on 19 January 2007. The plaintiff’s
pleaded case is that the Amaru shares are of no value. The last share price
for the Amaru shares in evidence is US$ 0.03 as of 20 March 2015. The
plaintiff’s point is that given the “low volume and value of trades”, there
would be “no possibility” of disposing off the shares on the market at all
and, hence, the Amaru shares would be “effectively valueless”; and even more
so, when taking into account any transactional fees and costs. To the
plaintiff, the full sum of the acquisition price of US$ 655,000 would be the
relevant loss suffered.

11 The plaintiff’s purchase of Amaru shares was carried out over three
periods:

Date of instruction| Date of acquisition| No. of shares| Cost price per share
(US$)  
---|---|---|---  
4 March 2005| 1 April 2005| 100,000| 3.00  
23 March 2005| 18 April 2005| 50,000| 3.00  
9 January 2006| 13 February 2006| 50,000| 4.30  
  
12 The plaintiff does not dispute that these purchases were authorised by him,
but alleges that he made the investments in reliance on a series of
representations which were made negligently by the defendant. As a result, he
issued three separate letters of instruction for the above-mentioned 200,000
Amaru shares. It is the plaintiff’s case that the representations were made at
a meeting on 4 March 2005 that took place at the bank’s offices where the
plaintiff, defendant and Ellen were present.

13 For the first tranche, the plaintiff’s instruction to the bank was by way
of a letter of instruction dated 4 March 2005 (“the Letter of Instruction No
1”). The Letter of Instruction No 1 states: 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

2AB 745.

4 March 2005

  
Ms. Jane Ho

Credit Agricole Indosuez (Suisse) SA

Geneva

SWITZERLAND

Dear Sirs,

1277950

Please accept this letter as your authority to sell the equities in my subject
account to purchase 100,000 M2B shares at US$3 per share and custodies the
shares in subject account accordingly.

Should the equity sale proceeds be insufficient, please debit the shortfall
from the Canadian $161,233 fiduciary placement accordingly.

Thank you.

Very truly yours,

-Sgd-

14 As for the second and third tranches of purchase, letters of instruction
dated 23 March 2005 and 9 January 2006 (“the Letter of Instruction No 2” and
“the Letter of Instruction No 3” respectively) 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

2AB 759.

were faxed to the bank’s Singapore branch and addressed to the bank in Geneva.
The bank’s Singapore branch transmitted the two instructions to the bank’s
head office in Geneva, Switzerland before the respective orders were executed.
Unlike the Letters of Instruction Nos 2 and 3, the Letter of Instruction No 1
had no fax markings on it.

15 For reference, the Letter of Instruction No 2 reads:

23 March 2005

  

Credit Agricole (Suisse) SA

Geneva

Switzerland

Dear Sirs

1277950

1) Please accept this letter as your authority to debit the above account, and
purchase 50,000 M2B shares at USD3.00 per share and custodise the shares in
subject account accordingly.

2) The shares are to be registered in the name of [the plaintiff.]

Thank you

Very truly yours

-Sgd-

16 The Letter of Instruction No 3 is as follows:

9 January 2006

  
Agricole (Suisse) SA

4 Quai, General Guisan

CH 1211, Geneva 3

Switzerland

Dear Sirs

1277950

Please accept this letter as your authority to debit USD215,000 from the
subject account, for the purchase of 50,000 Amaru Inc shares at USD4.30 per
share and custodise the shares in subject account accordingly.

Please register the shares in the name of [the plaintiff].

Thank you

Very truly yours

-Sgd-

17 Despite initial challenges from the plaintiff, it is quite clear from the
evidence that the Amaru shares were purchased from existing shareholders and
not acquired through private placement of shares. On or around 16 May 2006, a
1-for-4 stock split of the Amaru shares was conducted and this resulted in the
plaintiff’s shareholding increasing to 800,000 shares.

The pre-litigation communications

18 On 17 March 2010, at least four years after entering into the Amaru
transactions, the plaintiff first officially complained to the bank about the
Amaru transactions by way of a letter addressed to the Chief Executive Officer
(“CEO”) of the bank’s Singapore branch. On 28 May 2010, the bank’s legal
department responded by emphasising that his Account was execution-only, that
the bank had not acted as his financial advisor and that he had made the
decision on his own to invest or stay invested in Amaru shares and had clearly
instructed the bank to purchase those shares.

19 The plaintiff then sent a second complaint letter on 26 June 2010 to one
David Tan, the head of the legal department in the bank’s Singapore branch
upon referral by one Madeline Koh of the Consumer Issues Division of the
Monetary Authority of Singapore (“MAS”), copying MAS in the complaint. In its
response dated 14 July 2010, the legal department maintained its position as
reflected in its previous letter dated 28 May 2010 and repeated that no refund
could be envisaged.

20 When there was no response to the plaintiff’s letters of demand, the
plaintiff filed this action against the bank and the defendant on 28 February
2011. On 15 September 2011, the plaintiff discontinued his action against the
Bank.

The misrepresentation claim

The representations as pleaded

21 The representations the defendant is alleged to have made to the plaintiff
on 4 March 2005 took place at a meeting at the bank’s Singapore offices where
the plaintiff, defendant and Ellen were present (“the 2005 March meeting”) in
the “late morning” 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

Plaintiff’s AEIC at para 27.

for “approximately an hour”. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

Plaintiff’s first affidavit at para 26.

The plaintiff claims that the defendant advised him to purchase shares in
Amaru by making the following representations which induced the plaintiff to
invest US$655,000 in the purchase of the Amaru shares: 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

Statement of Claim (Amd No 1)(“SOC”) at paras 8 to 10

(a) The Amaru shares would be listed on the United States NASDAQ Stock Market
(“NASDAQ”) within a time frame of 12 to 18 months of purchase of the shares
(this estimate was subsequently revised to a time frame of 9 to 12 months
approximately three months after 4 March 2005);

(b) The Amaru shares could be sold immediately upon listing;

(c) The Amaru shares would eventually be worth US$15 to US$20 per share;

(d) A “safe point of exit” would be between US$11 to US$12 per share at a
purchase price of approximately US$3 per share; and

(e) “Alternatively”, the purchase of the Amaru shares would be a good
investment and would yield the plaintiff a profit as described above from (a)
to (d).

22 The basis on which the breach of duty and the loss is pleaded in the
amended Statement of Claim is negligent misstatement. The duty of care arose
from the professional relationship between the defendant and the plaintiff
coupled with the manner in which the above representations (a) to (e) were
made. In particular, the defendant owed the plaintiff: (i) a duty of care not
to render advice or make representations to the plaintiff regarding
investments unless properly verified; (ii) a duty of care not to render such
advice or make such representations recklessly and without regard to their
accuracy or truth; and (iii) a duty of care in matters involving his handling
or dealing with the plaintiff’s Account or monies which would lead to any loss
caused to the plaintiff. The above representations (a) to (e) were untrue and
induced the plaintiff to make the purchase of 200,000 Amaru shares. The
representations were made without basis or without reasonable basis as at the
time the representations were made, Amaru either could not have met the
conditions for its listing on NASDAQ or was unlikely to do so and the
defendant knew or ought to have known or could have discovered this with
reasonable diligence. Notably, the plaintiff’s quantum of claim (ie,
US$655,000) represents the alleged loss derived from the decision to purchase
rather than from the consequence of the investment decision which is more
extensive in terms of the heads of loss.

23 An aspect of the plaintiff’s case is that he believed the defendant’s
representations as he was told at the 2005 March meeting that the defendant
had a close relationship with one Binny Colin St Gerard (“Mr Binny”), who was
at all material times the CEO of Amaru. When the plaintiff had asked during
the 2005 March meeting how he was privy to the information conveyed, the
defendant had said that he enjoyed a close relationship with Mr Binny. It is
the plaintiff’s case that the defendant and Mr Binny had served military
service together in the Singapore Armed Forces, that they had been friends
probably since 2002 and definitely before February 2004, and that the
defendant was involved in M2B World from that period. One Tang Kok Kong (“Mr
Tang”) testified on the defendant’s relationship with Mr Binny. The plaintiff
also refers to the defendant’s wife and brother having Amaru shares prior to
February 2004 and the fact that the defendant’s wife was a co-director in
another company with two other members of Amaru’s senior management as links
to demonstrate that the defendant was “involved” in Amaru, knew Mr Binny
before the 2005 March meeting and was involved in the promotion of Amaru
shares to customers of the bank.

24 The plaintiff also led evidence from one Ho Ban Sin (“Mr Ho”), another
customer of the bank to whom similar representations were allegedly made to
him regarding Amaru shares. Mr Ho is Mr Tang’s brother-in-law. The plaintiff
relies on Mr Ho as an independent party who does not know the plaintiff, and
submits that based on Mr Ho’s evidence and the fact that there are at least a
total of nine other customers of the bank other than the plaintiff and Mr Ho
who are known to have purchased Amaru shares, an inference should be drawn
from such an “unusually high concentration of purchases” that there might have
been the promotion of the Amaru shares to them. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions (“PCS”) at paras 74─75.

25 The defendant denies making the pleaded representations and further denies
meeting the plaintiff on 4 March 2005. It is the defendant’s case that he and
the plaintiff communicated on Amaru only after the latter had purchased a
total of 150,000 Amaru shares in the first two tranches. In that first
conversation on Amaru, the plaintiff disclosed that he was intending to
purchase a third lot of 50,000 Amaru shares since his uncle had bought more
shares. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

Defendant’s AEIC at para 81.

The defendant further argues, in the alternative, that the representations
outlined above are statements of opinion. In addition, the plaintiff was not
induced into investing in Amaru by the defendant as he had already made up his
mind to invest in Amaru after learning that his uncle, one Victor Ngo (“Mr
Ngo”), had invested a substantial sum in Amaru. The defendant further argues
that it completely beggars belief that the plaintiff would liquidate what he
called his “life savings” to invest in a stock that he had before the 2005
March meeting not heard of, after just a short meeting with a bank officer
with whom he had barely any contact with since he had primarily liaised with
Ellen. The defendant submits that the plaintiff’s reference to “life savings”
was an exaggeration since his equity portfolio was very small as compared to
the rest of his investment portfolio which comprised 80–90% real property.

The relevant principles on misrepresentation

26 It is useful to start with the Court of Appeal’s guidance in Xia Zhengyan v
Geng Changqing [2015] 3 SLR 732 (at [99]) on handing misrepresentation claims,
which is instructive:

… we wish to emphasise that trial judges dealing with misrepresentation claims
need to analyse the facts carefully, going through the process of considering
such matters as

(a) whether the representations were made,

(b) what the representation in question was exactly,

(c) whether it was untrue or not,

(d) if untrue, how on the evidence it may be characterised (ie, as innocent or
negligent or fraudulent), and/or

(e) whether there was reliance

– although this list is obviously by no means exhaustive…

27 Statements of fact must be distinguished from statements of opinion, which
do not give rise to actionable misrepresentation unless the person expressing
the opinion did not hold it, or could not, as a reasonable man having his
knowledge of the facts, honestly have held it (see Tan Chin Seng and others v
Raffles Town Club Pte Ltd [2002] SGHC 278 at [22]–[23]). Thus, a statement of
opinion may in certain circumstances involve a statement of fact that may be
actionable in a misrepresentation claim, where the representor either did not
hold that opinion or did not have reasonable grounds for supporting that
opinion.

28 As for the plaintiff’s claim for negligent misstatement and the duty of
care pleaded in the Statement of Claim, the universal test laid down by the
Court of Appeal in Spandeck Engineering (S) Pte Ltd v Defence Science &
Technology Agency [2007] 4 SLR(R) 100 (“Spandeck”) must be satisfied to
establish a duty of care in negligence actions. The question of whether a
tortious duty of care has arisen must be assessed by reference to the sequence
of relevant facts and events up to the time the alleged duty is said to have
been breached: Deutsche Bank AG v Chang Tse Wen and another appeal [2013] 4
SLR 886 at [22]. Under the Spandeck framework, a threshold requirement of
factual foreseeability must be met before a two-stage enquiry comprising
proximity and policy considerations is applied (see Spandeck at [115]).

29 The plaintiff relies on the concept of assumption of responsibility as the
basis of a sufficient proximate relationship to meet the first stage, citing
the case of Go Dante Yap v Bank Austria Creditanstalt AG [2011] 4 SLR 559 (“Go
Dante Yap”). In this case, the plaintiff’s contention is that the defendant
voluntarily assumed a responsibility to take reasonable care in advising him
to purchase shares in Amaru and that he relied reasonably on the defendant’s
advice.

30 The twin factors of voluntary assumption of responsibility and reliance
that could satisfy the proximity stage, where the facts support them, is
supposedly found in a situation where “A voluntarily assumes responsibility
for his acts or omissions towards B, and B relies on it, [such that] it is
only fair and just that the law should hold A liable for negligence in causing
economic loss or physical damage to B” (Spandeck at [81]). At first blush, the
situation as described seems to fit with the plaintiff’s contention in [29]
above; but one has to apply this with the appellate court’s clarification in
Go Dante Yap at [39] in mind, namely, that the requisite assumption of
responsibility and reliance established by Hedley Byrne & Co Ltd v Heller &
Partners Ltd [1964] AC 465 is an assumption of responsibility to take care in
the giving of information or advice or the performance of a service, and
reliance by the plaintiff on such being taken, and not an assumption of
responsibility by the tortfeasor to do specific acts (such as to give
investment advice, as alleged in Go Dante Yap) and the reliance by the other
on those acts. To satisfy the sufficiency of the legal proximity test,
crucially, the plaintiff must establish that the 2005 March meeting took place
and that the representations were indeed made by the defendant to the
plaintiff in the specific manner as alleged.

31 On the question of reliance, there will be reliance only if the
representation acts upon the will of the representee such that it influences
or leads the representee to change his or her behaviour. Reliance and
inducement are thus two sides of the same coin, and the Court of Appeal in Wee
Chiaw Sek Anna v Ng Li-Ann Genevieve (sole executrix of the estate of Ng Hock
Seng, deceased) and another [2013] 3 SLR 801 (at [43]) opined as such:

… Reliance is the logical end of inducement, but viewed from a different
vantage point. The question of inducement is approached from the perspective
of the representor… The question of reliance is approached from the
perspective of the representee…; in particular, reliance looks at the actions
of the representee arising from a state of mind or will engendered by the
representation concerned. The Oxford English Dictionary (Clarendon Press, 2nd
Ed, 1989) defines inducement in the following way:

1. trans. To lead (a person), by persuasion or some influence or motive that acts upon the will, to some action, condition, belief, etc.; to lead on, move, influence, prevail upon (any one) to do something. 

[emphasis in original judgment]

32 With these principles in mind, I now turn to the factual disputes.

The 2005 March meeting

33 The pleaded representations are said to have been made orally at a meeting
at the bank’s offices on 4 March 2005. This factual issue is critical in that
if no meeting had taken place, the plaintiff’s case on the representations
made orally at that meeting falls apart from the outset.

34 The plaintiff’s account of the 2005 March meeting was that it took place in
the “late morning” of 4 March 2005 in Ellen’s room in the offices of the bank,
9

##### Foot Note 9

×

Plaintiff’s AEIC at para 27.

and that the plaintiff, the defendant and Ellen were present at the meeting.
10

##### Foot Note 10

×

Transcript dated 19 April 2016 at p 40.

It was a verbal one-way presentation from the defendant mostly where he made
the pleaded representations, with Ellen present throughout the meeting
although she did not say much and was instead busy fiddling with her computer.
11

##### Foot Note 11

×

Transcript dated 19 April 2016 at pp 55 &56.

According to the plaintiff, the defendant described Amaru and handed the
plaintiff “three or four articles about the company, one of which was about Mr
Binny, and bare background on him, and what he was planning for the company.”
12

##### Foot Note 12

×

Transcript dated 19 April 2016 at para 56.

The plaintiff claims not to have heard of the name of the company prior to the
2005 March meeting, and that he decided to buy into Amaru shares by
“liquidating everything” after the defendant’s presentation during that
meeting. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

Transcript dated 19 April 2016 at p 70

After the defendant’s “sales pitch”, Ellen called Yvonne into the room and
Yvonne was instructed to draft the Letter of Instruction No 1 which Yvonne
promptly drafted and brought back into the room five minutes later. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

Transcript dated 19 April 2016 at p 71.

35 Ellen corroborated the defendant’s evidence that there was no meeting with
the plaintiff on 4 March 2005. The defendant and Ellen gave evidence that
their activities on 4 March 2005 were outside the offices of the bank and the
table below sets out their activities for almost the entire working day:

Time| Activity| Documentary Evidence Tendered  
---|---|---  
Morning | Ellen and the defendant left the bank’s office at Robinson Road and drove to Liang Court shopping mall to purchase fruits for an Indonesian client at Meidi-ya supermarket.| -  
11.57am | The defendant drove to the car park at Ascott Service Apartments on Scott Road (now Scotts Square Condominium) and entered the car park at 11.57am; went up with Ellen to the said Indonesian client’s serviced apartment to drop the fruits off; and then went to meet another client for lunch.| Car park receipt indicating entering of car park at 11.57am and leaving at 4.15pm on 4 March 2005.  
Around 12.34pm| Ellen and the defendant had lunch with a Singaporean client at
the Mezza9 restaurant at Grand Hyatt hotel.| Claim form for meal with receipt
indicating lunch ordered at around 12.34pm and payment made at around 1.12pm.  
After 1.12pm| Thereafter, Ellen and the defendant went back to see the
Indonesian client at the service apartment.| -  
Around 4.15pm| Ellen and the defendant left the Scotts car park.| Car park
receipt as above.  
  
36 Counsel for the plaintiff, Mr Alvin Tan (“Mr Tan”), is aware that there is
no witness to the representations for the plaintiff other than the plaintiff’s
own recollection of events that happened many years ago. It is conceivable
that any finding of primary fact would be based on the credibility or
reliability of the plaintiff’s oral evidence. Thus, part of Mr Tan’s approach
was to persuade the court to make findings of fact on other matters in the
plaintiff’s favour so as to use the factual findings as a basis to draw
inferences that it was more probable than not that the representations were
made orally at a meeting in the bank’s offices on 4 March 2005. The other
matters relate to the defendant’s connections with Mr Binny and Amaru (see
[23] – [24] above).

37 Counsel for the defendant, Mr Lai Yew Fei (“Mr Lai”), points to several
other reasons why the 2005 March meeting probably did not take place and that
the plaintiff’s recollection of relevant events given the inconsistences and
contradictions were unreliable. Ultimately, Mr Lai submits that the overall
circumstances mean that the misrepresentation claim must fail for lack of
proof that the meeting took place at all, and thus, lack of proof that the
defendants made the representations relied on. I will now examine the veracity
of the plaintiff’s testimony and the weight of the evidence adduced on behalf
of the plaintiff, and the defendant’s countervailing evidence and reasons
given in his attempt to refute the plaintiff’s assertions.

38 In this particular case, the court will have to reach conclusions of
primary fact based partly upon the view which the court will form of the oral
evidence of the witnesses, and partly from an analysis of the limited
documents disclosed. Primarily, there is no record of or reference to any
arrangement for a meeting on 4 March 2005, nor mention of the 2005 March
meeting in any contemporaneous document – nor even in any non-contemporaneous
document created before this action was begun. Some findings of primary fact
will be the result of direct evidence whereas others will depend upon
inference from direct evidence of such facts. Mr Tan has approached the matter
(as described in [36] above) by seeking to prove the 2005 March meeting and
representations by weighing up a series of factors mentioned earlier. Notably,
the inquiry the court is invited to embark upon is not just concerned with
conclusions of primary fact as described; it involves making findings and then
evaluating a number of different factors from the available evidence which
have to be weighed against each other before drawing inferences from those
factors. In the present context, the inference here is not a simple matter of
fact because it involves a process of evaluating circumstantial evidence.
There is also the civil standard of proof that has to be discharged by the
plaintiff.

The timing and duration of the 2005 March meeting and the reconciliation of
the chronological accounts

39 The plaintiff had deposed in an earlier affidavit in 2011 that the subject
meeting was in the “late morning” and that it lasted for approximately an
hour. The common understanding of “late morning” is 11.00 am to 12.00 noon.
This same meaning was adopted in the plaintiff’s Further & Better Particulars
dated 29 May 2012 wherein he pleaded that the 2005 March meeting “started in
the late morning and ended just before lunch as it was timed so that parties
could proceed to lunch after the meeting”. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

Plaintiff’s FNBP dated 18 May 2012 at p 3.

Come 13 January 2016, the plaintiff took a different position. His Affidavit
of Evidence-in-Chief (“AEIC”) made no reference to the plan to lunch together.
As the defendant points out, the plaintiff would have seen the defendant’s
documents disclosed at discovery and that showed that the defendant and Ellen
were elsewhere in Grand Hyatt having lunch with another bank customer. The
defendant suggests, and I am inclined to accept, that in order to skirt around
this piece of evidence, the plaintiff changed his evidence, in his AEIC, to
state that the “meeting was in the late morning and I recall that the meeting
ended just before lunch”. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

Plaintiff’s AEIC at para 27.

40 In cross-examination, the plaintiff explained that as he gets up at “5.00
to 6.00 am every morning”, his idea of “late morning” is “10.00 am to 10.30 am
onwards”. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

Transcript dated 19 April 2016 at p 72.

At the trial, the plaintiff changed the duration of the meeting from
“approximately an hour” to “30 to 45 minutes”. When asked about the change,
the plaintiff tried to rationalise this by saying that the 45 minutes, once
the additional five minutes that Yvonne took to prepare the Letter of
Instructions No 1 was added (for a total of 50 minutes), was “close to an
hour”. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

Transcript dated 19 April 2016 at p 43.

It is telling that the plaintiff himself somewhat admits that he refrained
from further mention of his first estimate of the meeting lasting an hour
after documents later surfaced that pointed to the defendant being somewhere
else: 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

Transcript dated 19 April 2016 at p 45.

Q: I put it to you that you took out the sentence, “The meeting took
approximately one hour”, because by this time of the filing of the [Affidavit
of Evidence-in-Chief], documents had surfaced that pointed to [the defendant]
being somewhere else. Do you agree or disagree?

A: I think to some degree, yes.

41 The evidence is that the defendant and Ellen entered the car park of the
Scotts Serviced Apartments (“Scotts car park”) at 11.57 am. Even on the
plaintiff’s revised estimate of the duration of the meeting lasting 50 minutes
starting from 10.30 am, the meeting would have ended at 11.20am. The defendant
testified that it would have taken him and Ellen more than 37 minutes to get
from the bank’s offices at Capital Tower to Liang Court (where they had to
pick up some fruits and have them gift wrapped for an Indonesian client) 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

Transcripts dated 22 April 2016, p 58.

and thereafter to reach to the Scotts car park; thus it would not have been
possible, on the plaintiff’s revised estimate, for the defendant and Ellen to
have arrived at the Scotts car park at 11.57am.

42 The plaintiff’s inconsistent evidence and shifts from his earlier positions
as described are unsatisfactory and they undermined his account of the
relevant events. The impression that is left is that the plaintiff is an
unreliable witness in more ways than one. To further demonstrate the
unreliability of the plaintiff’s oral evidence, the defendant challenged as
erroneous the plaintiff’s recollection of a lunch meeting at a Chinese
restaurant within walking distance from the bank’s office between him, the
defendant and Ellen in Singapore sometime between 4 and 9 December 2005 during
his third and last trip to Singapore in 2005 (see at [3] above) prior to the
purchase of the third tranche of shares, at which he “made a request to
purchase a further batch” of Amaru shares. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

Plaintiff’s AEIC at para 49.

Ellen’s evidence is that she was overseas in Hong Kong and Macau from 5 to 10
December 2005 and she produced her passport to support her testimony. It was
pointed out that the defendant and Ellen would not have met the plaintiff for
lunch on 4 December 2005 because the plaintiff himself arrived in Singapore on
a long-haul flight from Vancouver, Canada on 4 December 2005; and 4 December
2005 was a Sunday and that bank’s offices were closed. The plaintiff does not
address or refute the defendant’s position in his closing submissions.

The state of the defendant’s documentary evidence

43 The plaintiff takes issue with the defendant’s limited documentary evidence
that did not include parking receipts from Liang Court’s car park and receipts
from the Meidi-ya supermarket. Ellen and the defendant were able to provide
satisfactory explanation for the “missing” receipts. I accept as plausible
their explanation that only car park receipts in respect of visits to the
Indonesian client were kept as a form of proof that they were spending their
time out of office on work-related matters, as opposed to accounting how much
was spent on car park fees with a view to seek reimbursement from the bank.
Ellen explained that the Indonesian client had been admitted to the National
University of Hospital (“NUH”) and there were daily car park receipts adduced
by the defendant for the period from 1 to 5 March 2005 (the first one being at
NUH, and the rest at the Scotts car park). Next, although it may seem generous
of Ellen to have not kept the receipts and claimed for the various food items
(which ranged from expensive Japanese fruits to pastries and porridge) which
she bought for the Indonesian client in those few days when they visited him,
I do not doubt Ellen’s explanation that she was very fond of the Indonesian
client, who was an elderly man, and would spend her own money on him instead
of going through the administrative inconvenience of seeking pre-approvals for
expenditure above $200. In Ellen’s words, this was a client whom she
“genuinely love[d]” 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

Transcript dated 27 April 2016 at p 69.

, and this personal affection explained why she would be willing to pay for
the gifts herself. Consistently with this professed affection, Ellen testified
that she had once flown to Jakarta on her own expense to visit the client
after he had sustained an injury in a golfing accident. I do not find any of
this implausible given Ellen’s evidence that she shared a close and personal
relationship with this client, one which had spanned “almost three decades of
more” in which the same client had “followed [her] to the various
institutions” which had employed Ellen during this period. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

Transcript dated 27 April 2016 at p 66.

44 I find that there is nothing in the overall evidence to suggest that
Ellen’s testimony corroborating the defendant’s evidence that there was no
2005 March meeting was designed to help a colleague. Ellen testified that she
found out about the plaintiff’s instructions to purchase Amaru shares when
Yvonne called to notify her that the bank had received the plaintiff’s Letter
of Instruction No 1. Ellen was still out of the office with the defendant when
Yvonne contacted her. It seems to be inherently unlikely that Ellen as the
defendant’s superior would have quietly sat in the room and allowed her
officer to give investment advice knowing full well that the plaintiff’s
Account was an execution-only account where the bank’s role was confined to
executing orders on behalf of the plaintiff.

The correspondence before and after 2005 March meeting

45 The plaintiff testified that his trip to Singapore was unplanned, but that
he had subsequently extended his stay in Kuala Lumpur and then arrived in
Singapore on 2 March 2005 until 5 March 2005. Yet, there was no record of or
reference to any arrangement for a meeting on 4 March 2005. In contrast, there
were records of an e-mail exchange between Ellen and the plaintiff on 31
January 2005 suggesting that they catch up in Singapore sometime between 5 and
25 February 2005. Nothing was ultimately arranged on that occasion as their
schedules clashed. No meeting was suggested in March 2005.

46 The bank’s records also do not contain any record/memoranda of a meeting
between the plaintiff, the defendant and Ellen on 4 March 2005. The
reliability of the plaintiff’s evidence is further undermined by the fact that
the 2005 March meeting or the representations were not mentioned in any
subsequent correspondence after the date of the 2005 March meeting. The e-mail
exchanges between the plaintiff and Ellen (with Yvonne copied) on 8 March 2005
did not refer to such a meeting or any of the alleged representations, a fact
that the plaintiffs admits. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

Exhibit D3, Exhibit D4; Transcript dated 19 April 2016 at pp 77&78.

There was equally no reference at all to the 2005 March meeting in the four
subsequent letters of complaint sent by the plaintiff or his lawyers to the
bank between 17 March 2010 and 25 March 2011. In fact, the 2005 March meeting
was not pleaded in the Statement of Claim filed on 10 August 2011 and the
particulars of the same were only given in the Further and Better Particulars
filed May 2012. I do not accept the plaintiff’s answer that he only realised
the importance of the 2005 March meeting when he filed in first affidavit in
these proceedings on 11 October 2011. The plaintiff himself indicated that he
would be building his case carefully and with “as much details” as possible,
and the omission of a crucial meeting in his complaint letters to the bank,
the first of which was sent in March 2010, was more consistent with the
defendant’s contention that there was no meeting on 4 March 2005.

47 The plaintiff maintains that the reference to a “2nd 50K shares” in his
e-mail dated 8 March 2005 to Ellen is a reference to the shortfall of 50,000
shares discussed at the 2005 March meeting. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

PCS at para 106.

In his AEIC, the plaintiff states that he was informed by Ellen that there
were only 100,000 shares available at that time and he would be notified when
a further 50,000 became available. However, I am not persuaded that this
reference in the e-mail can only be explained by accepting the plaintiff’s
version of what transpired on 4 March 2005. Without more, it is entirely
plausible that the plaintiff was simply seeking to acquire another lot of
50,000 Amaru shares.

The preparation of Letter of Instruction No 1

48 According to the plaintiff, the Letter of Instruction No 1 was prepared by
Ellen’s assistant, Yvonne. Notably, the plaintiff’s AEIC was affirmed on 13
January 2016 and it does not indicate which of the bank’s staff had prepared
the Letter of Instruction No 1. In the Further and Better Particulars filed on
29 May 2012, the plaintiff indicated that he “does not know which employee
prepared the letter of instruction as it was not done in his presence”
[emphasis added]. However, on the first day of trial on 15 April 2016, the
plaintiff informed the court that he wished to supplement his AEIC by adding
that Yvonne was called into the office and Ellen had instructed Yvonne to
draft the letter of authority for him to sign, and that Yvonne “went away for
a few minutes and came back with that letter of authority which [the
plaintiff] signed in front of the Defendant and his colleagues”. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

Transcript dated 15 April 2016 at p 9.

The plaintiff has not given any reason for his better recollection in 2016 as
opposed to 2012.

49 Ellen testified that she did not instruct Yvonne to prepare an
authorisation letter for the plaintiff to sign on 4 March 2005. Yvonne, who
was called as a witness for the defendant, testified that there was no 2005
March meeting; that she had not received instructions from Ellen to prepare an
authorisation letter for the plaintiff, and that she had not typed out the
Letter of Instruction No 1. In any case, she explained that the letter was not
in her usual style of writing 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

Yvonne’s AEIC at para 8.

and, furthermore, she did not know about “M2B”, which was the term used in the
Letter of Instruction No 1. Instead, she had heard of “Amaru”, possibly
because she had processed purchases of Amaru shares for other clients before.
28

##### Foot Note 28

×

Transcript dated 26 April 2016 at p 40.

50 I pause here to refer to Yvonne’s evidence in answer to Mr Tan’s
questioning on the letters of instruction. Her evidence is that she prepared
Letter of Instruction No 3 dated 9 January 2006 and that was done after “they
met” the plaintiff. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

Transcript dated 26 April 2016 at p56; correction at p 124 lines 17-21.

In re-examination, Yvonne was asked to elaborate and she explained that she,
Ellen and the defendant met the plaintiff in Kuala Lumpur for lunch on 5
January 2006 and the Letter of Instructions No 3 was prepared thereafter. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

Transcript dated 26 April 2016 at p 125.

The defendant was able to produce a receipt for that lunch. I make reference
to this lunch meeting and Yvonne’s preparation of the Letter of Instruction No
3 only because it sounds rather similar to the plaintiff’s narrative of
Yvonne’s involvement in the 2005 March meeting, and, given the unreliability
of human memory, it is possible for the plaintiff to have mixed up the events
since his oral evidence is based on the plaintiff’s recollection of events
which occurred years ago.

51 Returning to the 2005 March meeting, the plaintiff contends that the 2005
March meeting must have occurred as the defendant has not satisfactorily
explained why the plaintiff was not informed in writing that the reference to
“M2B” in the Letter of Instruction No 1 ought to be corrected to “Amaru”. The
plaintiff is simply being argumentative there.

52 First, I do not think that the absence of a correction from “M2B” to
“Amara” is crucial for it is not indicative that the 2005 March meeting must
have occurred, contrary to what the plaintiff submits. Yvonne and Ellen
testified that Yvonne had called on 4 March 2005, when Ellen was still out of
the office, to inform Ellen that the plaintiff had sent an instruction to
purchase “M2B” shares as stated in the letter, and it was then that Ellen told
Yvonne over the phone that the plaintiff meant “Amaru” shares. Looking at how
Yvonne consistently refers to “Amaru” instead of “M2B” in her e-mail to the
plaintiff 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

1DB 102.

and in her handwritten notes on the instruction letters, 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

2AB 748-749.

while the plaintiff refers to “M2BW” 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

2AB 758.

or “M2B” 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

Exhibit D3; 2AB 793.

in his e-mails to Ellen, the defendant and Yvonne from March to May 2005 after
the Letter of Instruction No 1 on 4 March 2005, it is clear that “M2B” was the
term used by the plaintiff and that Yvonne would not refer to Amaru as “M2B”.
It is significant that even after Yvonne described the shares to be Amaru
shares in her e-mail to the plaintiff on 7 March 2005 confirming sale of
equities pursuant to the instruction letter, the plaintiff continued to refer
to the shares to be purchased as “M2BW” or “M2B” in his e-mail communications
on 21 March 2005 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

2AB 758.

and 24 May 2005. 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

2AB 793.

53 Second, the plaintiff’s argument that there was no need for Yvonne to speak
to the plaintiff to confirm which portfolio shares were to be sold and hence
suggesting that Yvonne was not being truthful in insisting there was a need to
speak to the plaintiff is directly contradicted by Yvonne’s e-mail dated 8
March 2005 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

2AB 753.

, which refers to her phone conversation with the plaintiff pursuant to which
she confirmed the order to sell one of three shares held in his Account. The
plaintiff’s attempt to cast doubt on Yvonne’s credibility is groundless.

54 The plaintiff relies on the fact that the Letter of Instruction No 1 has no
fax markings on it (as opposed to the Letters of Instruction Nos 2 and 3) and
is addressed to one Jane Ho, a person whom he has never known, in support of
his account (see the letter as reproduced above at [13]). He also cites the
reference to the figure of Canadian dollars (“CAD”) 161,233 inserted in the
letter, which was his exact balance of his fixed deposits then. He claims that
he would not have known that figure since he had a “hold mail” arrangement
with the bank where he would have to either go to the bank’s branch to collect
his mail (which would include his portfolio valuation statements) or have a
bank’s employee hand-carry his mail to him. 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

Transcript dated 21 April 2016 at p 127.

As of 28 February 2005, which was the date of the latest Portfolio Valuation
of the Account, the plaintiff’s portfolio with the bank contained, inter alia,
fixed fiduciary deposits valued at CAD 161,233.

55 Although there are certain matters that cannot be reconciled from gaps in
the evidence, such as the manner in which the Letter of Instruction No 1 was
delivered to the bank if it was not faxed, or how exactly the exact figure of
CAD 161, 233 in the Letter of Instruction No 1 came about, the burden of proof
is on the plaintiff to prove that the 2005 March meeting took place and that
the defendant’s representations were made there. In any case, I do find
plausible Yvonne’s suggestion that the plaintiff could have called in to check
on the fixed deposits in CAD in his Account, having regard to Yvonne’s manner
of dealing with clients where clients such as the plaintiff would ring up for
information on their accounts. On the whole, the plaintiff has not persuaded
this court through the evidence adduced that it was Yvonne who drafted the
Letter of Instruction No 1.

The relevance of Mr Ho’s evidence

56 It is the plaintiff’s pleaded case that the bank was involved in the
promotion of shares in Amaru to customers of the bank, and this provided the
basis and explanation for the defendant’s representations to the plaintiff and
other customers of the bank. The plaintiff called another customer of the
bank, Mr Ho, who claims that the defendant made similar representations to him
sometime in 2004 or 2005 through telephone calls that Amaru was going to be
listed on NASDAQ and that upon listing he would be able to realise a “very
substantial profit”. 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

Mr Ho’s AEIC at paras 4 -5.

Mr Ho also claims that the defendant kept “pestering” him to buy Amaru shares.
40

##### Foot Note 40

×

Transcript dated 20 April 2016 at p 126.

The plaintiff relies on Mr Ho as an independent party who did not know the
plaintiff, and submits that based on Mr Ho’s evidence and the fact that there
are at least a total of nine other customers of the bank other than the
plaintiff and Mr Ho who are known to have purchased Amaru shares, an inference
should be drawn from such an “unusually high concentration of purchases” that
there might have been the promotion of the Amaru shares to them.

57 In order to succeed on the representations (a) to (e), the plaintiff must
establish the precise representations as pleaded were in fact made by the
defendant to him. Therefore, Mr Ho’s evidence on any representations made to
him does not in any way prove that the pleaded representations were made by
the defendant to the plaintiff. It would be a stretch to draw an inference
that the pleaded representations were made from the mere fact that other
customers of the bank other than the plaintiff had bought into the Amaru
counter. In any case, Mr Ho is not a totally disinterested party when he
himself had suffered losses due to his Amaru investments and was admittedly
“obviously unhappy”. 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

Transcript dated 20 April 2016 at p 126.

More importantly, Mr Ho’s claim that representations were made to him
“sometime in the year 2004 or 2005” 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

Mr Ho’s AEIC at para 4.

clearly contradicts the time of his purchase of Amaru shares in his (joint)
account with the bank. There were no purchases of Amaru shares in the account
in those years, 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

1DB 4-97, 105-110, 159-170, 176-214.

and the first instruction that he gave to the bank to purchase Amaru shares
was only much later in July 2006. 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

1DB 244.

At trial, Mr Ho claimed that his purchase of shares in 2006 was his second
purchase and that he had first purchased Amaru shares through the bank in
2004. 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

Transcript dated 20 April 2016 at pp 105 & 106.

However, the documentary evidence of his portfolio valuations clearly reflects
otherwise. I thus reject Mr Ho’s evidence as it appears unreliable and, which
even if true, is irrelevant to the plaintiff’s own claim.

The defendant’s involvement with Amaru

58 The plaintiff submits that the defendant was involved in Amaru and had a
close relationship with Mr Binny, the CEO of Amaru, and points out that his
wife and brother had Amaru shares prior to February 2004. The plaintiff
subpoenaed Mr Tang to testify that the defendant and Mr Binny were friends and
that he had seen the defendant in Mr Binny’s office on many occasions.
Furthermore, the defendant’s involvement with Amaru went beyond the bank’s
promotion of the shares in Amaru to the bank’s customers. It appears that his
brother and wife held shares in Amaru and that the defendant’s wife was a co-
director in another company with two other members of Amaru’s senior
management. The plaintiff attempts to use these facts as links to demonstrate
that the defendant was “involved” in Amaru, The defendant’s attempt to
disassociate himself from his wife’s and brother’s investments in Amaru was
unconvincing. However, their investments in Amaru prior to the 2005 March
meeting do not go towards establishing the plaintiff’s claim in
misrepresentation. Neither would the defendant’s wife co-directorship with
Amaru’s senior management make a difference. The link which the plaintiff
wishes the court to draw is too tenuous and speculative.

59 Mr Binny had testified that the bank was not instructed to promote Amaru to
its customers, and that the defendant was not helping him push up the share
price. His denial confirmed what Mr Tang acknowledged in court that he had
assumed that the defendant was used to “push up the share price”. 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

Transcript dated 21 April 2016, pp 13 & 14\.

Mr Binny also testified that there were never plans to list Amaru on NASDAQ.
Amaru’s plans were always to upgrade from Pink Sheets to American Stock
Exchange (“AMEX”). Furthermore, Mr Binny said that he was never a client of
the bank and that he had first met the defendant “sometime [in the] middle to
end of 2005”, which was after the 2005 March meeting. As for Mr Tang, Mr Binny
clarified that he knew Mr Tang professionally in that Mr Tang is the real
estate agent who helped broker the lease of Amaru’s office. The plaintiff has
not been able to rebut Mr Binny’s testimony.

60 In sum, the defendant’s involvement with Amaru via his brother and wife is
one factor but it is not enough on its own, when weighed against other
countervailing evidence, to discharge the plaintiff’s burden of proof.

Other evidential challenges to the pleaded representations

61 There are further challenges to the pleaded representations on a variety of
grounds both legal and evidential. Broadly, there is no representation in that
the words said and the contemporaneous action of the plaintiff do not match.
(It should be noted, too, that what was actually said is conflicting on the
plaintiff’s pleadings and evidence.) In addition, the legal element of
inducement has not been made out.

Representation (a) that the Amaru shares would be listed on NASDAQ and
representation (b) that they could be sold immediately upon listing

62 In the Statement of Claim and his AEIC, the plaintiff alleges that the
defendant represented at the 2005 March meeting that the Amaru shares would be
listed on NASDAQ within 12 to 18 months of purchase of the shares and that
they could be sold immediately upon listing. 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

SOC at para 8. Plaintiff’s AEIC at para 29.

He then claims that the defendant revised this time frame to “9 to 12 months
of purchase” in an alleged telephone conversation approximately three months
after 4 March 2005 (ie June 2005). 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

Plaintiff’s FBP dated 11 May 2012 at para 5(c) and (d).

63 Previously, though, before he brought this action, the plaintiff in his
first complaint to the bank dated 17 March 2010 referred to a listing of the
Amaru shares on NASDAQ “within months”, 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

3AB 1402.

and in his subsequent letter to the bank through his solicitors dated 18
August 2010, the time period of the supposed represented listing on NASDAQ was
“within the next few months”. When asked at trial how there were different
versions of what was said to him at the 2005 March meeting, his excuse was
that he “must have overlooked this” when he did not include the figure of 12
to 18 months in the two letters prior to his Statement of Claim and AEIC. This
answer is not acceptable. A “few” months plainly would not mean 12 to 18
months, or even 9 to 12 months.

64 Related to these two representations was the plaintiff’s e-mail to Yvonne
dated 24 May 2005 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

2AB 793.

where he had expressed his hope that he could sell the Amaru shares “soon” so
that he could perhaps buy a property, and went on to say that he was “dead if
cannot sell for 1–2 years”. Assuming a time period of 12 to 18 months was
indeed represented, the listing would be estimated to take place sometime
between March and September 2006. Yet, in May 2005 about a year before this
period, he was for some reason expressing a view that he wished to liquidate
his Amaru shares. This e-mail contradicts the words used in the
representations. When pressed on this point at trial, the plaintiff could only
reply that when he mentioned “soon”, he was “thinking of 12 to 18 months”,
which is effectively 1–1.5 years. 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

Transcript dated 19 April 2016 at p 123.

If he had indeed received the alleged representation that the shares would be
listed in 12 to 18 months then, and could only be sold upon listing, he would
not have expressed a wish to liquidate the Amaru shares “soon” in May 2005,
just 2 months after his purchase of the first two tranches of Amaru shares in
March 2005. Nor would he be referring to a period of 1–2 years which was
different from the period of 1–1.5 years that he is now alleging was
represented.

65 Further, the plaintiff has also not produced any contemporaneous
correspondence between him and any of the bank’s officers that referred to a
NASDAQ listing, which is at the heart of the plaintiff’s claim. It is
similarly odd that there has been no evidence of any protest written or
otherwise from the plaintiff to the defendant or any officers of the bank
mentioning the fact that a NASDAQ listing of the Amaru shares was represented.

66 A related point is the question whether of the Amaru shares could have been
listed on NASDAQ within the time frame as alleged. The plaintiff submits that
the defendant had no reasonable basis for making the representations (a) and
(b). Mr Gin, the plaintiff’s financial expert witness, was called to
demonstrate that Amaru could not have met the conditions required for its
listing on NASDAQ within the represented time frame.

67 In his Opening Statement, the plaintiff characterises Mr Gin’s opinion as
being that it was “impossible” 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

Plaintiff’s Opening Statement at para 26.

for Amaru to list within 9 to 12 months or even 12 to 18 months (the revised
time frame) after 4 March 2005. However, Mr Gin’s report is less categorical;
he states that in his professional opinion, Amaru “could not have or was
unlikely to have” 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

Mr Gin’s report (Exhibit KG-1 of Mr Gin’s affidavit dated 19 August 2015) at
para 13.

met the conditions required for a NASDAQ listing. Nonetheless, the factual
question the court is asked to consider is not whether it was possible or
likely that Amaru would have achieved a NASDAQ listing in the stated time
frame (with the benefit of hindsight), but instead whether the defendant had
any reasonable grounds for holding the opinion that the Amaru shares would be
listing on NASDAQ within the stated time frame at the material time of the
alleged representations. This distinction is important.

68 Thus, Mr Gin’s views about there being no evidence showing fulfilment of
the rules that had to be satisfied for initial NASDAQ listing at the time of
initial inclusion are beside the point. For example, the fact that Amaru had
not yet appointed any market makers as required by the NASDAQ Listing Rules by
4 March 2005 did not necessarily mean that they were not going to do so within
the stated time frame. The minimum bid price requirement of US$4 per share
that is also a requirement at the point of listing is also not key to the
court’s inquiry. Similarly, Mr Gin’s argument about there being no evidence
that Amaru engaging necessary professionals to prepare the company for listing
is moot, considering that such evidence of filings on engagement of such
professionals would only be at the point of listing or post-listing, as Mr Gin
himself agreed during cross-examination. 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

Transcript dated 29 April 2016 at p 59.

A simplistic equation of the qualitative assessment of whether a business is
sustainable for the purposes of listing on NASDAQ to whether the net cashflow
from operating activities in the company’s financial statements is positive or
negative in his report should also be further questioned. Mr Gin admitted at
trial that he would not rule out a possible NASDAQ listing for companies with
negative cashflows, 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

Transcript dated 29 April pp 54&55.

and that he was not privy to evidence from other factual witnesses when he
wrote his report about whether there was a “buzz” around Amaru then. 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

Transcript dated 29 April 2016 at pp 56-57.

He also admitted that if one used profits instead as a criterion for valuation
or indicating sustainability, Amaru had a “fair chance” at listing on NASDAQ.
57

##### Foot Note 57

×

Transcript dated 29 April 2016 at p 58.

In fact, Mr Gin in his report (at para 29) admits that if he disregards the
requirement of having registered and active market makers, Amaru would have
“technically qualified” for NASDAQ listing. As Mr Gin acknowledges, Amaru
could and would have satisfied NASDAQ listing requirements based on its amount
of stockholders’ equity, length of operating history, and so on. 58

##### Foot Note 58

×

Mr Gin’s report at para 29.

69 On Mr Gin’s expertise, he admits that he had “never actually [been]
involved in an actual application being made to NASDAQ for a listing” 59

##### Foot Note 59

×

Transcript dated 29 April 2016 at p 7.

and that his interpretation of the NASDAQ Listing Rules is reached based on
“impressions on reading” Singapore and Hong Kong stock exchange listing
manuals and what he has done in the past with regard to listing on stock
exchanges in these two jurisdictions. His unfamiliarity with the NASDAQ
Listing Rules is also apparent when he admits that he misinterpreted certain
limbs of a rule to be read conjunctively instead of disjunctively 60

##### Foot Note 60

×

Transcript dated 29 April 2016 at pp 83&84.

and also erroneously read into one rule a condition (of sustaining a certain
requirement for 90 days prior to applying for listing) which in truth only
applied to a different rule. 61

##### Foot Note 61

×

Transcript dated 29 April 2016 at pp 38-40.

70 On the whole, the plaintiff’s attempt to show that the defendant’s
representation about a NASDAQ listing within the stated time frame had no
reasonable basis is unsatisfactory as it is mostly argued with the benefit of
hindsight looking at listing requirements the fulfilment of which can only be
evidenced by documentation near or at the point of listing. These do not go
towards showing that the defendant if he had indeed made the alleged
representations did not have any reasonable basis for doing so.

Representation (c) that the Amaru shares would eventually be worth US$15 –
US$20 per share and (d) that a “safe point of exit” would be US$11 – US$12 per
share at a purchase price of approximately US$3 per share

71 Like representations (a) and (b), the plaintiff has not produced any
contemporaneous correspondence mentioning any projections of Amaru share
prices. All these figures in representations (c) and (d) were never mentioned
in any of the four complaint letters or letters of demand to the bank prior to
this action being brought. When pressed for an explanation in cross-
examination, the plaintiff’s excuse was that “if [he] had remembered it, then
[he] would have included it” 62

##### Foot Note 62

×

Transcript dated 20 April 2016 at p 7.

and that “[he] can’t be reasonably expected to remember everything”. 63

##### Foot Note 63

×

Transcript dated 20 April 2016 at p 9.

He claims that with the benefit of hindsight, he would have raised and
mentioned these points in his complaint letters which were sent three years
after he first asked the bank to whom he could address his complaint in 2007.
I find the plaintiff’s answers unacceptable. Representations (c) and (d) are
material matters that formed the basis of the inducement to invest in Amaru.
In fact, in the plaintiff’s e-mail to his uncle on 21 September 2007 (before
he sent the first complaint letter in 2010) wherein he discussed his possible
legal action with his uncle, he mentioned to his uncle that he had told Yvonne
that he would “continue to work on drafting [his complaint] letter carefully
and with as much detail as [he] can include” [emphasis added]. The plaintiff
was and is clearly aggrieved by this saga, and it would be inconceivable to
leave out such important details in his complaint letters – details that are
crucial to his claim of misrepresentation, if he was indeed building his case
up as carefully as he has indicated to his uncle.

Representation (e) that “alternatively”, the purchase would be a good
investment and yield him the profit aforesaid

72 As for representation (e), the plaintiff’s evidence at trial was that he
was not told that the Amaru shares would be a “good investment and yield him
the profit aforesaid” in this exact form or in those exact words, but that
this representation was alluded to be based on the “tone” of the content of
what the plaintiff was allegedly talking about. 64

##### Foot Note 64

×

Transcript dated 19 April 2016 at pp 51&52.

As the plaintiff’s pleaded case is that the defendant had told him this
representation orally, without any qualification that the plaintiff had used
words to this effect, the plaintiff has not discharged the proof that is
required of him. Representation (e) is a non-starter any way: the crux of
representation (e) hinges on the earlier four representations. After all, the
plaintiff’s case is that the various specific representations made him
“excited about [Amaru’s] prospects” as an “extremely profitable investment
opportunity”. 65

##### Foot Note 65

×

SOC at para 30.

Proof of reliance and inducement

73 Reliance is a necessary ingredient in any misrepresentation action. As
stated, reliance and inducement are two sides of the same coin (see [31]
above).

74 The burden of proof is on the plaintiff to establish on the balance of
probabilities that his decision to purchase the Amaru shares was induced by
the defendant’s representations. The causal link between the representations
and the loss of US$655,000 is the decision to purchase the Amaru shares as a
result of the defendant’s inducement.

75 There are several factors in this case that militate against the
plaintiff’s misrepresentation claim by undermining his attempts to prove on
the balance of probabilities the ingredient of reliance/inducement (on the
assumption that the representations were made). I will elaborate on these
factors which are to be taken cumulatively.

(1) The uncle’s substantial investment in Amaru

76 The plaintiff’s case is that before the 2005 March meeting, he did not know
the name of the company and had no idea what business it was dealing in, 66

##### Foot Note 66

×

Transcript dated 19 April 2016 at p 35.

except for the fact that his uncle had bought a “hot stock” or a “good
investment” 67

##### Foot Note 67

×

Plaintiff’s AEIC at para 26.

and had made money. It was because his uncle had told him about this “hot
stock” that he extended his stay in Singapore and called Ellen about it, prior
to the 2005 March meeting. The plaintiff departed from his AEIC and claimed in
the witness box that it “all originated from [his] uncle telling [him] that
there was hot stock”, 68

##### Foot Note 68

×

Transcript dated 19 April 2016 at p64.

and at the time he and his uncle spoke, his uncle had not invested in the
counter. His uncle only mentioned that he had made a “substantial investment”
in Amaru “on a later date”. 69

##### Foot Note 69

×

Transcript dated 19 April 2016 at p 36.

77 Although the plaintiff disagrees that his uncle was the “driving force”
behind his investment, the plaintiff accepts that he was partially influenced
by his uncle’s investment in Amaru when he decided to “liquidate all [his]
holdings with [the bank] in order to buy whatever [his] uncle bought”: 70

##### Foot Note 70

×

Transcript dated 20 April 2016 at pp 95&96.

Q: You thought it was such a good investment by your uncle that you thought
nothing would go wrong if you followed suit.

A: Partly true.

Q: Why is it partly true?

A: I usually trust his opinions since he’s so successful.

Q: It was such a good investment by your uncle that you were prepared to even
liquidate all your holdings with [the Bank] in order to buy whatever your
uncle had bought. Partly true?

A: Yes.

…

Q: … Which part of it is true?

A: Based on his reputation.

Q: And him being a very successful businessman; correct?

A: Correct.

[emphasis added]

78 The plaintiff’s readiness to extend his stay in Singapore is consistent
with the plaintiff’s desire to follow-up on his uncle’s tip on a “hot stock”.
It is inherently likely that the plaintiff was keen to follow his uncle’s
investment decision because not only was his uncle a very successful
businessman and the plaintiff held him in high regard, his uncle had made
money on this investment. As the plaintiff admits: “I usually trust his
opinions since he’s so successful” [emphasis added].

79 There is further evidence of the plaintiff’s willingness to follow his
uncle’s lead on Amaru and this is to be gleaned from Yvonne’s e-mail to Ellen
dated 31 August 2005. To set this e-mail in context, it was sent before the
third tranche of purchase of Amaru shares in early 2006. The plaintiff had
called Yvonne to express interest in purchasing more Amaru shares and Yvonne
then wrote: 71

##### Foot Note 71

×

2AB 836.

[The plaintiff] will be in KL for the next 3 to 4 weeks and wanted to talk to
you or [the defendant]. His uncle told him how much he has and now [the
plaintiff] wants more… [emphasis added]

80 Another fact pointing to the plaintiff’ wanting to acquire more shares as
his confidence was boosted by the size of his uncle’s stake and not by the
representations as alleged is the fact that even after he became aware in
September 2005 that Amaru was not going to be listed on NASDAQ, he still gave
instructions to acquire the last lot of 50,000 shares in January 2006. The
details of the events in September 2005 are discussed in [84] below. In
addition, the plaintiff acquired other shares without the bank’s involvement
in 2006 (see [86] below).

(2) The plaintiff’s decision to liquidate his portfolio right immediately
after a 45-minute meeting

81 The plaintiff’s case that he was ready to liquidate what he himself termed
his “life savings” after 35 to 45 minutes of “sales pitch” on a stock that he
had apparently not heard of prior to 4 March 2005 is unconvincing when
compared to his evidence that he was a “thoughtful investor” who would
“typically” do his own research before investing into a counter, 72

##### Foot Note 72

×

Transcript dated 19 April 2016 at p 65.

and that for large investments he would consult others before investing. 73

##### Foot Note 73

×

Transcript dated 19 April 2016 at p 66.

The plaintiff’s explanation during cross-examination was weak; it failed to
shed light on why his purchase of Amaru was so atypical of his usual,
thoughtful approach to investment decisions: 74

##### Foot Note 74

×

Transcript dated 19 April 2016 at pp69&70.

Q: …your case is that after a one-hour presentation, you decided to liquidate
everything to buy into Amaru shares?

A: Thirty-five to 40. Thirty-five to 40 minutes.

Q: You said it was closer to 45; correct?

A: Correct.

Q: You didn’t take time to consider whether to buy into Amaru shares?

A: I didn’t feel I needed to. The representations made were extremely
enticing.

Q: That is your case; right?

A: Yes. I trusted my bankers.

Q: You had not heard about the company?

A: No, I had not.

Q: You have not done your own research like you said you typically would?

A: Are you referring to this date at the meeting?

Q: Yes.

A: I wouldn’t have had the time to do research.

Q: Precisely.

A: Right.

Q: You didn't do any research, as you typically would, before you make an
investment?

A: Right.

[emphasis added]

82 As can be seen from this exchange, the plaintiff’s only explanation for his
atypical behaviour was that “[t]he representations made were extremely
enticing”. This is not a sufficient explanation given that this was supposedly
an investment of his “life savings” and it is nowhere suggested that he was
unable to, or was pressured against, doing his own research or taking other
advice.

(3) The plaintiff’s conduct even after the NASDAQ listing did not materialise

83 Apart from the fact the plaintiff admits that he does not think the
defendant was “guarantee[ing]” the future expected price of Amaru shares, the
plaintiff’s conduct after realising that the Amaru shares were not going to be
listed on NASDAQ reveals that the listing was not as material to the plaintiff
as he claims in this action. Let me elaborate.

84 On 8 September 2005, the plaintiff acknowledged receipt of an update on
Amaru forwarded to him by Yvonne on 7 September 2005 75

##### Foot Note 75

×

2AB 838.

which stated that Amaru was “underway to move the company to AMEX … [t]he goal
remains to move Amaru/M2B to the AMEX Board in the US”. In the plaintiff’s
response to this update, he asked “So it sounds like the only reason for the
delayed listing is still in meeting the 400 shareholder requirement?” His
response contains no hint of surprise that the listing was to be on the then-
American Stock Exchange (which has since been acquired and is now known as the
NYSE MKT LLC) and not NASDAQ as he claims was represented. When questioned on
this, the plaintiff agreed that his e-mail did not express any surprise, that
he would have expressed surprise and that “the AMEX is still a reputable
exchange”. 76

##### Foot Note 76

×

Transcript dated 19 April 2016 at p 112.

He further expressly admits that the change in the listing “wasn’t a big deal”
and that he “was more concerned about the price”. Clearly, then, the
importance of a NASDAQ listing was not as material to him as the plaintiff
makes it out to be.

85 On the plaintiff’s claim that he had called the defendant in early January
2006 to enquire about the NASDAQ listing, during which call the defendant
allegedly told the plaintiff that the plan had changed to listing on AMEX
instead of NASDAQ, 77

##### Foot Note 77

×

Transcript dated 19 April 2016 at pp 103&104.

I agree with the defendant that this seems like a convenient excuse made up on
the spot, considering that: (a) this conversation was never pleaded; (b) there
was no mention of the conversation in the plaintiff’s AEIC; and (c) the
plaintiff already knew through Yvonne, in September 2005 about the planned
AMEX listing (see above at [84]).

86 Despite there being no NASDAQ listing within 12 to 18 months (a time frame
later allegedly revised to 9 to 12 months), on at least four other occasions
in 2006 (the plaintiff’s three e-mails to Ellen, and one e-mail to Yvonne),
referred to purchase of more Amaru shares outside of the bank. 78

##### Foot Note 78

×

2AB 917, 960, 992, 999.

Not only is it telling that there was no written protest from the plaintiff
regarding the fact that there had been no NASDAQ listing of the Amaru shares,
his conduct of buying even more shares after becoming aware of that fact
contradicts his case that the representation of a NASDAQ listing was so
important to him.

87 For the various reasons stated, the evidence before the court is not
sufficient to properly draw the inference that the plaintiff was as a matter
of fact induced by the defendant to purchase the Amaru shares. In other words,
the plaintiff has not established that the effective cause affecting his
decision to purchase the Amaru shares was the representation as pleaded.

Conclusion on misrepresentation claim

88 For the various reasons stated and on the overall evidence, I find that the
misrepresentation claim must fail from lack of proof that what was said to
have been made probably did not take place. I further find, from lack of
proof, that there was no meeting between the plaintiff, the defendant and
Ellen on 4 March 2005.

89 Having rejected the misrepresentation claim, it is not necessary to
consider the defendant’s plea of mitigation of his loss of US$655,000.

The Swiss law issue

90 The Swiss law issue is not a discrete point. The Swiss law defence arises
only if it is adjudged that the pleaded representations were made.
Essentially, it was raised as a defence to the liability issue, namely, that
the claim for misrepresentation (whether negligent or reckless) is not
actionable under Swiss law. Since the plaintif cannot prove that the pleaded
representations wre made, it is not strictly necessary for me to comment on
the Swiss law point; however I propose to do so as a matter of completeness.

91 In order to invoke Swiss law, the defendant argues that he is entitled to
rely on the governing law clause in the contract between the plaintiff and the
bank. Alternatively, Swiss law governs the tort as it was committed in
Switzerland. Each side adduced evidence from an expert on Swiss law. For the
reasons stated, the defendant fails to make good his case based on Swiss law.
I will deal with some selected broad points in turn.

The governing law clause in the contract between bank and plaintiff

The principle of stipulation pour autrui does not apply

92 The choice of law clause to be examined is clause 7.29 of the bank’s
General Conditions (version 10.03) as reproduced above at [6]. Swiss law is
the express governing law in the first stage of the three-stage framework used
to determine the governing law of a contract (see Pacific Recreation Pte Ltd v
S Y Technology Inc and another appeal [2008] 2 SLR(R) 491 at [36]) and it is
settled law that contractual clauses should be construed according to the
governing law of the contract (see The “Jian He” [1999] 3 SLR(R) 432 at [10]).
According to both experts, Article 18 of the Swiss Code of Obligations of 1912
(“SCO”) stipulates that Swiss law’s interpretation of contractual provisions
is an objective search for the true and common intention of the parties with
the Swiss courts also taking into account the overall context in which the
contract was entered into. The English translation of Article 18 states:

When assessing the form and terms of a contract, the true and common intention
of the parties must be ascertained without dwelling on any inexact expressions
or designations they may have used either in error or by way of disguising the
true nature of the agreement.

93 The main issue surrounding the interpretation of clause 7.29 is whether the
governing law clause applies to the plaintiff’s claim in tort against the
defendant under the Swiss principle of stipulation pour autrui (or translated
to “stipulation to the benefits of the third party”) as provided for under
Article 112 of the SCO:

1 A person who, acting in his own name, has entered into a contract whereby
performance is due to a third party is entitled to compel performance for the
benefit of said third party.

2 The third party or his legal successors have the right to compel performance
where that was the intention of the contracting parties or is the customary
practice…

94 Both the defendant’s Swiss law expert, Mr Carlo Lombardini (“Mr
Lombardini”) and the plaintiff’s Swiss law expert, Mr Gerald Page (“Mr Page”)
agree that Article 112(1) envisages a third party being able to enjoy the
benefit of the contract provided that there is some form of an agreement
between the plaintiff and bank that the performance of the contract is for the
benefit of the third party. Both experts also agree that the intention to
benefit the third party need not be expressly provided for in the wording of
the contract, and could be implied. As for Article 112(2), both experts agree
that it effectively requires a higher standard of proof for contracting
parties to agree that there is a transfer of rights to the third party, with
Article 112(1) being an exception to the privity of the contract and Article
112(2) being an “exception to the exception” as it “adds” the transfer of
rights to the third party, making it even more necessary for the two original
parties to the contract to really agree that there must be a transfer of that
right.

95 Mr Lombardini argues that a customer of the bank reading clause 7.29 would
simply understand exactly what the clauses state: that Swiss law applies to
all matters arising out of his banking relationship with the bank and this
banking relationship necessarily involves the bank’s employees. However, this
leapfrogs a principled analysis of Article 112. The defendant’s reference to
mandate documents which refer to the bank being “represented by any of its
officers as designated at any time by the Mandatory” to execute the
instructions of the bank’s clients is unsurprising. The plaintiff’s banking
relationship with the bank necessarily involves the bank’s employees. However,
in an action against the defendant in his personal capacity, I am not
persuaded that the plaintiff and the bank had either expressly or impliedly
intended for the contract to benefit the defendant pursuant to Article 112(1)
where any form of performance was due to the defendant, or had intended for
the defendant to compel performance of obligations under the contract between
the bank and the plaintiff pursuant to Article 112(2). I agree with the
plaintiff’s submission that the mere fact that the bank acts through its
officers does not mean that its officers are intended, without more, to
automatically claim the benefit of the contract between the bank and the
customer. Based on the express wording of clause 7.29, (viz, that “[a]ll
relations between the Bank and its client are subject to Swiss law”), there is
no indication that it was intended to apply to anyone other than the direct
parties of the contract.

96 There is also the limb concerning “customary practice” in Article 112(2).
In Mr Lombardini’s AEIC, he presents the view that it is common practice for
Swiss banks to choose Swiss law to govern the relationship with the bank and
its employees as they like to take advantage of Swiss laws relating to banking
secrecy and this is also the reason why customers of foreign branches of Swiss
banks typically have their accounts booked in Switzerland. However, neither
party eventually argued or submitted based on this limb of Article 112(2);
thus, I shall leave this point as it is.

97 Mr Lombardini also cites Swiss Supreme Court case 4A_44/2011, where the
stipulation pour autrui principle was used to extend the scope of an
arbitration provision to a party that had not formally accepted arbitration to
support his view that an employee of the bank can take the benefit of a
governing law clause between the bank and a client. However, as Mr Page points
out, the facts in 4A_44/2011 and the Swiss court’s reasoning in the case
distinguishes the case and its usefulness from the present facts. Put simply,
case 4A_44/2011 is an example of the Swiss courts granting jurisdiction by
applying the principle of stipulation pour atrui, and is helpful only in so
far as the facts of that case allowed the court to determine the intent of the
contracting parties to allow the third party to have the benefit of the
arbitration clause, due to the contracting parties’ own admission during court
proceedings. In the present case, I agree with Mr Page that such an intention
cannot be inferred in this action. Since Mr Lombardini agrees that intention
of a “transfer of that right” by the contracting parties is paramount, it
follows that the defendant cannot take the benefit of clause 7.29.

The scope and validity of clause 7.29

98 The plaintiff’s position in any case is that: (a) clause 7.29 is
inapplicable or invalid because parties cannot validly agree to a choice of
law for torts before the occurrence of the damaging event, pursuant to Article
132 of the Swiss Private International Law Act of 1987 (“PILA”); and (b) the
plaintiff is a “consumer” who is not bound by choice of law agreements
pursuant to Article 120 of PILA.

99 Mr Lombardini cites a Swiss Supreme Court decision on Article 22 of the
Federal Law on Jurisdiction of 2008 which is in pari materia with Article 120
of PILA. The decision states that a private banking client is usually not
deemed to be a “consumer” under the Federal Law on Jurisdiction if the
services provided are beyond those of the ordinary need of life. As Mr Page
already agreed at trial that the plaintiff would not be a consumer based on
the Swiss statute, I need not deal with this argument.

100 As a preliminary point, I agree with Mr Lombardini that clause 7.29 is
phrased broadly enough for its scope to apply Swiss law to tortious actions:
“all relations between the [bank] and its client are subject to Swiss law,
especially all matters connected with their performance, interpretation,
validity or execution” [emphasis added]. Mr Page relied on the Swiss principle
of vertrauenstheorie to interpret any ambiguous wording against the drafter of
the contract and not against the recipient, especially if the contract is a
pre-existing standard form; however, this principle would only be relevant if
the relevant clause was ambiguous. Based on the express wording of clause
7.29, I do not find any patent ambiguity that would engage such an
interpretative maxim to exclude non-contractual disputes from the clause.

101 The English translation of Article 132 of PILA is as follows:

The parties may agree any time after the event causing damage has occurred
that the law of the forum shall be applicable.

102 The plaintiff argues that the effect of Article 132 is that a contractual
choice of law for torts can only be made ex post, after the event causing
damage has occurred and not ex ante, before the event. Both a limitation in
time as well as a limitation of choice of law of forum (Switzerland) are thus
in place. On the other hand, the defendant argues that Article 132 is only
permissive due to the use of the word “may” and the omission of the word
“only”.

Relevance of Swiss private international law rules in reference to Swiss law
as proper law of contract

103 Nonetheless, without deciding on the correctness of these positions, I
note that Article 132 of PILA is a Swiss private international law rule that
would be applied by the Swiss courts when private international law issues
arise. Although the interpretation of clause 7.29 is governed by Swiss law as
the proper law of the contract between the bank and the plaintiff, it is
arguable that this should be confined to Swiss domestic (contract) law and
does not extend to Swiss private international law rules. Whether a
contractual choice of law clause for torts would be given effect in Singapore
courts would depend on Singapore’s private international law rules. As the
approach of the Singapore courts to this has yet to be tested, and the point
is not needed for the determination of this present action, I am reluctant to
do more than make a few provisional comments. When the conflict rules of
Singapore law, as the lex fori, requires that a foreign law, in this case
Swiss law, be applied (here, to the issue of interpretation of clause 7.29),
what is the content of that foreign law? Do Singapore’s private international
law rules refer to simply the domestic Swiss law of contract, or do they also
refer to the whole of Swiss law, including Swiss private international law
rules?

104 There are three possible ways to deal with this. First, courts could adopt
a blanket policy of always only referring to the foreign domestic law, or of
always including the whole of the foreign law, including its private
international law rules. Second, courts could decide on either position based
on the category of law engaged. Third, courts could decide on a case-by-case
approach whether to include or exclude foreign private international law rules
by evaluating policy considerations. There is also the further complication of
whether an accepted reference to foreign private international law rules
includes that foreign legal system’s own attitude towards the first
overarching question of what is the content of foreign law that could be
subsequently referred to based on that foreign legal system’s private
international law rules.

105 The third approach was advocated in Dornoch Ltd and others v Westminster
International BV and others (The “WD Fairway”) (No 3) [2009] EWHC 1782
(Admlty) by Tomlinson J. Whether reference to a foreign law would include or
exclude reference to private international law rules of that system of law
would depend on what is consistent with the objective of the choice of law
rule making the reference to the foreign law, ie, policy considerations of the
forum and foreign law rules. Thus, in that case, Tomlinson J decided that
reference to Thai law as the lex situs in deciding the issue of proprietary
interests in a vessel only included a reference to the domestic law and did
not include reference to Thai private international law; there was no
principle in Thai private international law application of which would better
serve the object of the English conflicts rule than would application of Thai
law (see [4] of the judgment). However, the question was said to be academic:
if the Thai rule of private international law were to be applied, a Thai court
would nonetheless apply Thai domestic law to determine the incidence of
proprietary interests in the said vessel. However, in Blue Sky One Ltd and
others v Mahan Air and others [2010] EWHC 631 (Comm), Beatson J (at [185])
rejected such an approach on the basis that leaving it to a case-by-case
analysis depending on the identification of the policy behind the private
international law of another country would produce a “very uncertain legal
regime” and hence opined that it was undesirable to adopt such a rule. Rightly
so, for such an approach would be frustrating for practitioners and commercial
parties.

106 Generally, it would seem that English common law (before any relevant
statutory enactments) adopted the second approach, and there have been
observations made that in contract cases, references to foreign law as the
proper law of the contract would not include any reference to foreign private
international law rules. In the House of Lords case of Amin Rasheed Shipping
Corporation v Kuwait Insurance Co (The “Al Wahab”) [1984] AC 50, Lord Diplock
opined (at 61–62) that the proper law of a contract is the substantive law of
the country referred to, excluding any reference to private international law
or conflict rules. Lord Brandon and Lord Brightman also concurred wholly in
Lord Diplock’s judgment. Many textbook authors thus accept this as the
position in English law in the field of contract. However, there is also dicta
in an earlier Privy Council decision of Vita Food Products Inc v Unus Shipping
Co Ltd [1939] AC 277 by Lord Wright (at 291) that appears to take the other
position. In the Western Australian case of Peter O’Driscoll v J Ray
McDermott, SA [2006] WASCA 25, McLure J also seemed to be prepared to accept
that the principle that a reference to foreign law included its private
international law rules was applicable to contracts, and suggested that this
could also apply to “other sources of conflict”. The court considered how a
Singapore court would have handled the contract claim which was governed by
Singapore law as the proper law of the contract, and applied Singapore private
international law rules that classified limitation statutes as procedural.
Walsh J in Kay’s Leasing Corp v Fletcher (1964) 64 SR (NSW) 195 (at 207) also
took this position. However, considering that Australian law has developed
rather distinct rules in this area (see generally Neilson v Overseas Projects
Corporation of Victoria Ltd [2005] HCA 54, for example), such authorities
would have to be treated with caution. I also note that Article 20 of the Rome
I Regulation (EU Regulation No 593/2008), as well as Article 15 of its
predecessor the 1980 Rome Convention on the law applicable to contractual
obligations excludes the applicability of the renvoi doctrine in the field of
contract. Similarly, Article 8 of the Hague Principles on Choice of Law in
International Commercial Contracts 2015 excludes reference to private
international law rules unless parties expressly provide otherwise. Of course,
these statutory provisions and non-binding principles do not apply in the
present case.

Singapore’s position on recognising contractual choice of law clauses for
tortious actions

107 As for whether Singapore private international law rules would give effect
to contractual choice of law clauses for tort, there is scant authority on
this issue which is still an open one. In The “Rainbow Joy” [2005] 3 SLR(R)
719, a contractual choice of law clause applied to a tort committed on board a
vessel in an exceptional case where the tort occurred in high seas. The
general proposition that the law of the flag country (in that case Hong Kong
law) should apply in relation to a tort committed on board a vessel which was
then on the high seas is displaced where in the relevant contract the parties
specified the governing law; the contract term prevails. Chao Hick Tin JA thus
held (at [36]) that “[t]he fact that the appellant has also sued in tort does
not mean that the forum selection clause set out in the … contract should no
longer apply”. Although the case seems to state that effect should be given to
a contractual choice of law clause for tortious obligations, one view is that
the case can be distinguished and is confined to carriage of goods cases since
the court did not engage in any substantive discussion of this issue.

108 Giving effect to party autonomy by recognising a contractual choice of law
to govern non-contractual obligations, including tortious ones, is argued by
Professor Yeo Tiong Min to be “a development that will support Singapore’s
vision of developing itself as a hub for cross-border litigation and other
methods of dispute resolution” in “The Effective Reach of Choice of Law
Agreements” (2008) 20 SAcLJ 723 at para 37. Professor Yeo also noted that
there may already be indications towards the development of recognising
contractual choice of law clauses that encompass tortious causes of action,
considering that the Court of Appeal has in past cases given weight to the
relevance of underlying contractual relationships between parties when it
comes to non-contractual obligations in restitution and equity. The Court of
Appeal in Rickshaw Investments and another v Nicolai Baron von Uexkull [2007]
1 SLR(R) 377 held that the appellants’ equitable claims centring around
allegations of breach of fiduciary duty as well as breach of confidence arose
from a legal relationship established by an employment contract and were hence
governed by the law of the underlying contract (German law), and in Thahir
Kartika Ratna v PT Pertambangan Minyak dan Gas Bumi Negara (Pertamina) [1994]
3 SLR(R) 312 referred to the rule that where a restitutionary obligation
arises in connection with a contract, the proper law of the restitutionary
obligation is the proper law of the contract. Extra-judicially, V K Rajah JA
in “International Trade in Hong Kong and Singapore – An Indivisible Link”
(2010) 40 HKLJ 815 at 822 also notably stated that “A strong argument can be
made that, when the relationship between the parties is primarily contractual,
causes of action relating to the contract should also be governed by the
proper law of the contract.”

109 Legislative reforms have been undertaken in other jurisdictions to
expressly give effect to party autonomy in choice of law for non-contractual
obligations (see for example Article 6 of the Dutch Torts Act and Article
48(1) of the Austrian International Private Law Act), with some only allowing
post-dispute choice of law agreements (ie ex post agreements, after the
relevant injury/damage or event occurred) (such as Article 101 of the Belgian
Private International Law Code, Article 44 of the People’s Republic of China’s
Application of Laws to Foreign-Related Civil Relations, Article 42 of the
German EGBGB, and Article 21 of the Japanese Act on the General Rules of
Applications of Laws) and others limiting such agreements further to only
choosing the law of the forum (such as Article 33 of the South Korean Conflict
of Laws Act, Article 1219.3 of the Russian Civil Code, and presumably Article
132 of the Swiss PILA (see [101] above)). Under the European regime with the
enactment of Article 14 of the Rome II Regulations, the compromise reached was
that parties can specify the applicable law for non-contractual obligations
for both pre- and post-dispute agreements, but with additional requirements of
parties “pursing a commercial activity” and having a “freely negotiated
agreement” for the former situation under Article 14(1)(b).

110 Singapore has just recently ratified and implemented the Hague Convention
on Choice of Court Agreements 2005 with the enactment of the Choice of Court
Agreements Act 2016 (No 14 of 2016). A recent development from the Hague
Conference on Private International Law is the Hague Principles on Choice of
Law in International Commercial Contracts 2015 (“the Principles”), which is an
advisory non-binding set of principles. The Principles are intended, as
mentioned in the preamble, to be used as a model for national, regional,
supranational or international laws. Interestingly, Article 9(1)(g) of the
Principles extend the scope of the chosen law to govern “pre-contractual
obligations”, which could arguably be non-contractual in origin. It remains to
be seen how large an impact the Principles will have.

111 Returning to the present case, even though clause 7.29 is drafted widely
enough to encompass tortious obligations and even if I am minded to give
effect to an ex ante choice of law clause that covers tortious obligations, I
have concluded that the defendant, as a third party to the contract, cannot
rely on and take the benefit of clause 7.29 under the Swiss principle of
stipulation pour autrui in Article 112 of the SCO. It is thus unnecessary for
me to go further than the provisional views expressed above.

The place of the tort

112 This area of dispute, which concerns the place of the tort, is independent
of any reliance on clause 7.29. The defendant submits that the place of the
tort is Switzerland which was where the alleged misrepresentation
crystallised, namely, when the bank operated the plaintiff’s Swiss-booked
Account in Geneva to purchase the Amaru shares in accordance with the
plaintiff’s instructions. Under the double actionability rule, the alleged
tort would not be actionable in Singapore as the alleged wrong, so the
defendant’s argument develops, is not actionable under the lex loci delicti.
In response, the plaintiff submits that the place of the tort is Singapore
which was where the plaintiff received, relied on and acted on the
representation.

113 It is not necessary to dwell on the issue of the place of the tort given
the findings in this action. I will simply make the following observations. I
agree with the Assistant Registrar’s reasons for refusing the defendant’s
application to stay the present action in favour of the courts in Geneva in
Summons No 4090 of 2011 on 10 January 2012. The Assistant Registrar applied
the “substance test” (see JIO Minerals FZC v Mineral Enterprises Ltd [2011] 1
SLR 391 at [90], citing the House of Lords decision of Distillers Co
(Biochemicals) Ltd v Laura Anne Thompson [1971] AC 458 at 468) and concluded
that the place of the tort was Singapore being the place where the pleaded
representations were received and acted upon. Notably, the “substance test” is
a general test applicable to all torts, and each tort must be considered for
its own factors and considerations. For misrepresentations, the place of the
tort is in general the place where the representation is “received and acted
upon”. The ingredient of reliance would be crystallised in Singapore when the
plaintiff communicated his instructions via the Singapore branch of the bank,
and when the Singapore officers conveyed his letters of instruction to
Switzerland in accordance to their normal chain of communication. The
operation of the plaintiff’s instructions with regard to the Swiss-booked
Account was administrative in nature, after the transmission of his
instructions through the Singapore branch that he dealt with mainly. Thus,
Singapore is both the place of receipt and the place of reliance on the
pleaded representations. The Assistant Registrar’s decision was subsequently
affirmed on appeal in Registrar’s Appeal No 22 of 2012 on 9 March 2012.

Whether the alleged tort was actionable under Swiss law

114 Again, I will simply observe that a cause of action in negligent
misstatement is actionable under Swiss law. I will give my brief comments. The
defendant submits that the alleged misrepresentation is not actionable under
Swiss law, while the plaintiff takes the opposite position. The parties’
experts agree that the starting point is Article 41 of the SCO which governs
civil tortious actions under Swiss law:

1 Any person who unlawfully causes loss or damage to another, whether wilfully
or negligently, is obliged to provide compensation.

2 Any person who wilfully causes loss or damage to another in an immoral
manner is likewise obliged to provide compensation.

[emphasis added]

115 The dispute between the experts narrows into disagreement over the
interpretation of the term “unlawfully”, which is not statutorily defined. Mr
Lombardini, the defendant’s expert, states that Swiss case law has established
that an act or an omission is deemed to be unlawful under two circumstances:
(a) when an act or omission violates an absolute right of the party suing for
damages; or (b) when an act or omission is contrary to a specific rule of law,
which can be either written or unwritten and which has been enacted to protect
the interest of the party suing for damages. Mr Page, the plaintiff’s expert,
accepts this and adds that the rule of law under scenario (b) can be derived
from criminal law, private or public law. Both experts agree that the
plaintiff’s cause of action has not breached any “absolute rights” under the
first scenario, and their main disagreement thus lies in whether Swiss
criminal codes are relevant under the second scenario so as to constitute the
requisite unlawfulness under Article 41(1). The defendant takes the view that
communication of false information is considered under Articles 146, 151 and
252 of the Swiss Criminal Code of 1937 as an illicit act and also cites
several Swiss cases that established unwritten rules of law concerning the
communication of false information outside of a contractual relationship,
where liability would be based on the fact that the false information
generated a “justified trust” of the party deceived, with this “trust” being a
civil law concept akin to the “duty of care” concept in the Anglo-Saxon legal
systems.

116 On a closer look at the Swiss criminal provisions cited by Mr Page, they
do not seem to be on point with the plaintiff’s cause of action in the present
case. None of the criminal provisions cited apply. An Article 146 action
concerns fraud and requires the additional element of a person who has a view
to securing an unlawful gain for himself. Similarly, Article 151 of the Swiss
Criminal Code concerning “maliciously causing financial loss to another” does
not apply to the present case as the plaintiff’s action here does not involve
the element of malice that is established by the representor having a “view to
gain” through his misrepresentations. Lastly, Article 252 is also irrelevant
as it concerns communication of false information through the falsification of
documents or certificates, which is not alleged to have occurred here.

117 On the other hand, it is clear from the Swiss case cited by Mr Page that
even without reference to specific written criminal provisions to establish
civil tortious liability under Article 41, there are “unwritten” rules of law
against negligent misstatements. The Federal Supreme Court of Switzerland in
the case of BGE 57 II 81 on 17 February 1931 awarded damages for economic loss
to a party that relied on inaccurate information regarding what turned out to
be a losing business, and hence failed to sell shares in time notwithstanding
rumours about the bad financial situation of the company.

118 Switzerland is a civil law jurisdiction and Swiss law on tortious
liability does not allow a categorisation under the title of “law of
negligence” per se. However, I am satisfied that the plaintiff’s claim in
negligent misrepresentation/misstatement would be actionable under Swiss law,
which has established principles that give rise to civil liability for such
wrongdoing based on the alleged elements in the plaintiff’s claim. Under Swiss
law, the plaintiff would, as I understand it, plead that the defendant
actively communicated false information to the plaintiff in order to induce
him to purchase the Amaru shares, that based on the “trust” he had in the
defendant who was a bank officer, and that the plaintiff was convinced to buy
those shares and hence suffered financial losses. I am satisfied that should
such elements be factually made out, the defendant may be liable under Swiss
law for providing false representations.

119 Thus, even if I had found that Swiss law is relevant to the dispute, I
would have found the plaintiff’s cause of action to be actionable under Swiss
law. The conduct as complained of by the plaintiff would have given rise to
civil liability under Swiss law. In the final analysis, though, the claim
would fail for factual reasons regardless of whether Swiss law applies, as the
plaintiff has failed to establish that the 2005 March meeting took place or
that any of the pleaded representations were made.

Conclusion

120 For all the reasons stated above, the plaintiff’s action against the
defendant is dismissed with costs to be taxed if not agreed.

Belinda Ang Saw Ean  
Judge

Alvin Tan and John Loh (Wong Thomas & Leong) for the plaintiff;  
Lai Yew Fei and Lee Hui Yi (Rajah & Tann Singapore LLP) for the defendant.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:40 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

