Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the republic of singapore

[2016] SGHC 52

Suit No 815 of 2014

Between

| JES INTERNATIONAL HOLDINGS LIMITED  
---|---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

| YANG SHUSHAN  
---|---  
  
… Defendant

judgment

[Contract] – [Breach]

[Agency] – [Agency by estoppel] – [Implied authority of agent]  
[Damages] – [Measure of damages]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
JES International Holdings Ltd

  
v

  

Yang Shushan

[2016] SGHC 52

High Court — Suit No 815 of 2014  
Kannan Ramesh JC  
21–24, 28 July; 4–6, 11–12 August; 25 November 2015  

5 April 2016 Judgment reserved.

Kannan Ramesh JC:

Introduction

1 As the evidential tapestry was weaved before me, an intriguing story
unfolded. At its heart, this is a story of two fathers, their respective
children and companies, and agreements which they had each signed. The
question of which agreement was operative and who they were between was a
matter of significant discord. The two fathers are Jin Xin (“JX”) and the
Defendant, Yang Shushan. The two children are Jin Yu (“JY”), JX’s daughter,
and Yang Nan (“YN”), the Defendant’s son. The two companies are the Plaintiff,
JES International Holdings Ltd, and Scibois Co Ltd (“Scibois”). JX and the
Defendant are respectively the moving spirits of these companies.

2 A shroud of intrigue cloaked the dispute because YN, despite being
omnipresent in the evidential quilt-work, was a man missing. He did not
surface as a witness in these proceedings. An attempt was made to explain his
absence with scandalous and scurrilous allegations of conspiracy and improper
alliances between him and JY made shockingly by none other than the Defendant,
his father.

3 However much this story was laced by intrigue, the mist had to be pierced to
get to the issues at the core of these proceedings. The Plaintiff’s case is
that pursuant to a sale and purchase agreement allegedly executed on 4 July
2014 by the Plaintiff, and the Defendant and YN (“the 4 July SPA”), the
Plaintiff and the Defendant had agreed to a share swap. Under the share swap,
the Plaintiff would purchase 51% of the shares in Scibois in consideration of
which the Defendant and YN would be issued and allotted a total of 20% of the
enlarged share capital of the Plaintiff as well as be paid a sum of US$30m.
The share swap was to be performed in two tranches. The first tranche, which
is salient to the present proceedings, involved the transfer of 120,802,800
ordinary shares in the Plaintiff to the Defendant (“the First Tranche JES
Shares”) in exchange for the Plaintiff receiving 20% of the shares in Scibois
(“the First Tranche Scibois Shares”). The First Tranche JES Shares, or at
least a part thereof, are at the centre of the battleground between the
Plaintiff and the Defendant. The 4 July SPA stipulated a moratorium on the
transfer or disposal of the First Tranche JES Shares, which kicked in upon the
transfer of the same to the Defendant. Sometime in July 2014, the Defendant
received the First Tranche JES Shares. He then transferred 60,000,000 of those
shares (“the Collateral Shares”) to a third party (“the Lender”). The
Plaintiff asserts that this was in breach of the moratorium.

4 The Defendant’s position is that the moratorium in the 4 July SPA does not
bind him. Alternatively, he argues that the 4 July SPA was forged or executed
without his authority. He alleges that the operative moratorium is contained
in another agreement described as “the Supplementary Agreement Pertaining to
(the Supplementary Agreement of) the Framework Acquisition Agreement” (“the
SA2”) executed between the Defendant and JX (on behalf of the Plaintiff) on 23
May 2014, and that there is no restriction on the mortgage or pledge of the
First Tranche JES Shares under that moratorium. He asserts that the transfer
of the Collateral Shares to the Lender does not breach the moratorium in the
SA2.

5 Recognising that this judgment is of substantial length and complexity, for
the reader’s better understanding, I have set out, in an annex to this
judgment, a table of references and abbreviations that I have used.

The background facts

6 Much of the facts are a matter of heated controversy. However, there are
certain key facts that are relatively uncontroversial. I will set them out.

The dramatis personae

7 The Plaintiff is a company listed on the mainboard of the Singapore
Exchange. Its principal business is shipbuilding. Its principal shareholder is
a company called JES Overseas Investment Ltd (“JESOIL”), which, up to 4 July
2014, held 44.17% of the issued and paid-up capital of the Plaintiff. The
principal shareholder of JESOIL is JX who holds 76% of its shares. JX was also
at all material times the Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, and, as noted
earlier, the moving spirit of the Plaintiff. He stepped down as the
Plaintiff’s Chief Executive Officer on 16 March 2015.

8 JY is JX’s daughter, and was the Deputy Chief Executive Officer of the
Plaintiff until she took over from her father as the Chief Executive Officer.
She is also a significant shareholder of the Plaintiff.

9 The Defendant is a businessman. He is Chairman of Scibois, holding 40% of
its shares. Scibois is incorporated in the British Virgin Islands. YN held the
remaining 60% until he transferred the First Tranche Scibois Shares to the
Plaintiff thereby decreasing his share in Scibois to 40%. The Defendant is the
controlling mind and moving spirit of Scibois notwithstanding YN’s interest.
The Plaintiff presently holds 20% of Scibois’ shares, being the First Tranche
Scibois Shares.

10 Scibois owns 75% of the equity in Ste De Commerce Internationale Du Bois Au
Congo Scibois Spril (“Scibois Congo”), a private company incorporated in the
Democratic Republic of Congo (“DRC”). Scibois Congo owns and operates a
forestry concession issued by the Government of the DRC (“the Concession”).
The Concession is a forest harvesting licence valid until May 2036 covering an
estimated area of 229,400 hectares. The transactions which are the subject of
discord before me concern the Concession. According to the Defendant, the
value of the Concession is US$3b, which would make Scibois’ indirect interest
worth approximately US$2.1b.

11 YN is in charge of the general operations of Scibois Congo. In 2014, when
the transactions came into being, YN was only 33 years old. The Defendant
claims that both he and YN have at all times had a poor command of the English
language.

The planned issuance of Islamic bonds

12 The Defendant and JX were introduced to each other through mutual
acquaintances sometime in the second half of 2013. The introduction morphed
into a discussion at the end of 2013 on a possible collaboration between
Scibois and the Plaintiff for the Plaintiff to issue Islamic bonds for US$500m
on the back of the Concession. The idea essentially was to unlock the value of
the Concession by using it as backing for the Islamic bonds. This would in
turn make the Islamic bonds attractive to investors. The Plaintiff would be
able to raise significant proceeds as a result, enabling it to diversify from
its core shipbuilding business, which was not doing particularly well at that
time. The Defendant was the prime mover behind the idea.

13 The proposed transaction was essentially a share swap involving the
Plaintiff acquiring 51% of the equity in Scibois from the Defendant and YN, in
exchange for shares of the Plaintiff that would be issued and allotted to
them.

14 Towards this end, on 6 December 2013, the Defendant sent JX an email
setting out his proposal for the share swap and the issuance of the Islamic
bonds. The Defendant was anxious to get the show on the road, and sent a
chaser to JX on 18 December 2014. This email was copied to JY and the
Plaintiff’s general manager, Zhu Xiao Yang (“Zhu”). This was the first
documentary evidence of JY’s involvement in the transaction.

15 Between 25 December 2013 and 8 January 2014, emails were exchanged by the
Defendant and JY. Information on Scibois was sought by JY and provided by the
Defendant, and a timeline for execution and completion of the transaction was
proposed by the Defendant. This culminated in the Defendant sending an email
to JY, Zhu and YN dated 11 February 2014 enclosing a document described as
“Cooperation framework agreement on bond issuance between Scibois and JES”
(“the CAA”). This was the first time YN surfaced in the transaction. The
intended parties to the CAA were the Plaintiff and Scibois. The CAA was,
however, not executed.

16 JY’s response was to forward to the Defendant and YN, via her email dated
28 February 2014, a Memorandum of Understanding. The parties identified
therein were again, the Plaintiff and Scibois.

17 Negotiations and discussions actively continued between 28 February 2014
and 6 April 2014. There is controversy on whether YN was involved in the
negotiations on behalf of the Defendant. I will examine the differing
positions later. For present purposes, it is sufficient to note that the
evidence does show that YN was involved, and was in fact an active
participant, in the negotiations.

Execution of the Framework Acquisition Agreement and the first supplementary
agreement

18 The negotiations resulted in the execution of an agreement described as
“the Framework Acquisition Agreement” (“the FAA”) on 6 April 2014. The FAA
was, however, dated 8 April 2014. It is relevant that the parties to the FAA
were the Plaintiff on the one hand, and the Defendant and YN on the other. It
is also relevant that the FAA was in both English and Mandarin. It outlined
the main terms that had been agreed concerning the share swap and the issuance
of Islamic bonds. Significantly, cl 2.1 of the FAA provided that:

The Parties agree that they shall use their best endeavours to negotiate and
enter into a definitive sale-and-purchase agreement in relation to the
Proposed Acquisition, upon the relevant terms and conditions set forth in this
Agreement and such other terms which the Parties may agree [to] in the course
of negotiations. [emphasis added]

19 It is also relevant that on the same day as the execution of the FAA,
another agreement was executed by JX and the Defendant which covered many of
the same terms as the FAA. This agreement was described as the “Supplementary
Agreement Pertaining to the Framework Acquisition Agreement” (“the SA1”). What
was the purpose of the SA1 and who the parties thereto were are matters of
significant controversy. The Plaintiff’s position is that the parties were JX
and the Defendant, and that the SA1 served to bind the two of them to the
mechanics and details of the Islamic bond issue envisaged under the FAA. The
Defendant’s position is that the SA1 was the real agreement between him and
the Plaintiff, and that the FAA was executed only because it was required by
the lawyers and the regulators for the purpose of regulatory compliance. It is
relevant to point out that the public announcement made by the Plaintiff on 8
April 2014 was that it had entered into the FAA with the Defendant and YN.
There was no reference at all to the SA1.

20 As a segue, an agreement dated 9 March 2014 was signed between the
Defendant and JX described as “the Private Agreement”. Under this agreement,
the Defendant agreed to transfer to JX’s son, one Jin Peng, 5% of the equity
in Scibois in exchange for purported assistance rendered by JX to the
Defendant to overcome his financial hardship. There is disagreement over what
this agreement was for and when it was actually executed. However, in my view,
this agreement is not material to the issues before me.

Events occurring after the execution of the FAA and the SA1

21 Negotiations took place with a view to executing a sale and purchase
agreement between the parties to the FAA, as contemplated by cl 2.1 of the
FAA. JY, the Plaintiff’s solicitor, Lim Kok Meng (“Lim”), and the Plaintiff’s
Executive Director and Chief Financial Officer, Patrick Kan (“Kan”),
negotiated on behalf of the Plaintiff. On the other side of the fence, only YN
was involved, with the Defendant conspicuously absent. Draft sale and purchase
agreements were sent by JY to YN, and meetings took place between YN, and JY
and Lim on the drafts. Needless to say, there are widely different positions
on what was discussed, understood and agreed at these meetings, and the
relevance of the same to the bargain that was made between the Plaintiff and
the Defendant. In substance, the Defendant’s position is that these meetings
and email exchanges are not relevant because they concerned a sale and
purchase agreement which was understood and agreed to be not the true bargain
between the parties. Also, he denies knowledge of these meetings and email
exchanges. Finally, he denies that YN was authorised to negotiate on his
behalf.

22 A key feature in all the drafts of the sale and purchase agreements,
meetings, and email exchanges was the moratorium clause which is at the
centrepiece of this dispute. It is relevant that on 2 May 2014, JY sent JX an
email the attachment to which contained specific reference to the said
moratorium clause and an undertaking to be provided in relation thereto. This
email was forwarded by JX to the Defendant by his email dated 4 May 2014.
These emails are important pieces of documentary evidence for reasons I will
explain later in this judgment.

The sale and purchase agreement dated 23 May 2014 and the SA2

23 Two agreements were signed on or about 22 or 23 May 2014. One was the SA2
and the other a sale and purchase agreement between the Plaintiff of the one
part, and the Defendant and YN of the other (“the 23 May SPA”). The provisions
of the SA1 and the SA2 were identical save in two respects. First, the
timelines for performance of the share swap and the number of shares to be
swapped were different. Second, and more significantly, the SA2 contained a
new provision, cl IV(1)(C) which is the fulcrum of the Defendant’s case.
Clause IV(1)(C) provided as follows: 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

2PB405A.

Party A and Party B agreed as follows: before the funds from the debenture
issue are in place, the 20% equity or shares transferred to both parties shall
not be sold (unless with the written consent of both parties). The 20% equity
or shares in the names of both parties may be used as security for mortgage
during this financing period.

[emphasis added]

The Defendant asserts that this is the moratorium clause that binds the
parties. Naturally, the Plaintiff disagrees.

24 On the other hand, the 23 May SPA contained cl 5.4, which was absent from
the FAA and which is instead the foundation of the Plaintiff’s cause of
action. The salient portion of cl 5.4 reads: 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

2PB371.

In consideration of the Purchaser’s obligations in Clause 5.1 on Exchange
Date, each of the Vendors irrevocably and unconditionally undertake that he
shall observe a moratorium (as defined herein after) on the transfer or
disposal of all his interest in the Consideration Shares. The “moratorium”
shall be the period commencing on the Exchange Date (in the case of the First
Tranche [JES] Shares) and the Completion Date (in the case of the Second
Tranche [JES] Shares) and be up to and including the date falling twelve (12)
months from the Completion Date. Without prejudice to any other rights and
remedies of the Purchaser, if (a) Completion does not take place on Completion
Date for any reason whatsoever, (b) any of the Conditions Precedent is deemed
by the Purchaser to be not satisfied for any reason whatsoever, or (c) it
shall be found prior to Completion that any matter which is the subject matter
of a Warranty is not as warranted or represented, the Purchaser shall have the
right to require the Vendors, by prior written notice, (and the Vendors
irrevocably and unconditionally undertake with the Purchaser to agree to such
request) to transfer all of the First Tranche [JES] Shares to the Purchaser
(or such other person as the Purchaser shall direct) in exchange for the First
Tranche [Scibois] Shares. …

Clause 5.4 stipulated a moratorium against the transfer or disposal of the
shares that were to be transferred to the Defendant and YN pursuant to the
share swap, and imposed an obligation on the Defendant and YN to transfer the
Plaintiff’s shares back in certain situations (“the Moratorium”). The 23 May
SPA also required the Defendant and YN to provide an undertaking as regards
the moratorium (“the Moratorium Undertaking”). 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

2PB396.

The Moratorium and the Moratorium Undertaking covered the First Tranche JES
Shares, including the Collateral Shares.

25 I shall examine the reasons for the introduction of the Moratorium later in
this judgment. However, for present purposes, two facts are salient. First,
there was an important change in the structure of the share swap transaction
between the FAA and the 23 May SPA. Under the FAA, the shares in the Plaintiff
were to be transferred or allotted to the Defendant and YN upon completion.
However, under the 23 May SPA, the share swap was divided into two tranches
with the first tranche taking place before completion and before the
satisfaction of key condition precedents. Second, instead of shares being
issued and allotted to the Defendant and YN, only the Defendant would receive
shares from the Plaintiff under the first tranche and those shares would be
borrowed under a share lending agreement between the Plaintiff, as borrower,
and JESOIL, as lender. These shares were subject to recall at any time by
JESOIL. That these borrowed shares were subject to recall and were to be
transferred by the Plaintiff to the Defendant ahead of completion had an
important bearing on why the Moratorium was introduced. This will become
apparent when I analyse the evidence. The Moratorium was also clearly relevant
to the Securities Industry Council (“the SIC”) as it required the Defendant
and YN to undertake to re-transfer of the shares under the first tranche of
the share swap should the lender (ie, JESOIL) recall the borrowed shares (see
[46] below).

26 There is significant disagreement as to when the SA2 and the 23 May SPA
were signed, and the effect of the SA2 and the 23 May SPA on each other. In
sum, the Defendant’s position is the same as that taken as regards the SA1,
viz, that the SA2 was the true agreement between him and the Plaintiff. He
further asserts that he was told by JX to disregard the 23 May SPA, as it was
required by the lawyers and regulators. The Plaintiff’s position is that the
23 May SPA was the agreement between the parties. The Plaintiff offers two
alternative ways to reconcile the SA2 with the 23 May SPA. The first is that
the SA2 only bound JX and the Defendant, but not the Plaintiff. The second is
that the SA2 was signed on 22 May 2014, while the 23 May SPA was signed on 23
May 2014, and that JX had changed his mind as regards cl IV(1)(C) in the SA2
when he executed the 23 May SPA. There is also disagreement on whether the 23
May SPA was intended to be binding and was to be dated 23 May 2014.

Events occurring after 23 May 2014

27 Efforts were made to perform the 23 May SPA. JY and YN drove these efforts.
The SIC gave approval for the share lending agreement on 27 May 2014. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

2PB418–419.

The Moratorium Undertaking was also furnished on the same date by the
Defendant and YN at the Plaintiff’s request. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

2PB424, 430.

28 However, a significant impediment to the performance of the share swap
under the first tranche was the Defendant’s delay in opening a securities
account to receive the First Tranche JES Shares from the Plaintiff. Details of
the account were eventually provided by YN on 25 June 2014. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

2PB443.

Due to this delay, it was not possible to perform the 23 May SPA on its terms.
As a result, efforts appear to have been made to execute another agreement on
the same terms as the 23 May SPA. On 4 July 2014, by two emails, YN confirmed
that the 23 May SPA might be “re-dated” 4 July 2014, and forwarded an
execution page containing what appeared to be the signatures of the Defendant
and YN. The Defendant disputes the authenticity of these emails and
signatures. The Defendant also disputes YN’s authority to “re-date” the 23 May
SPA or to send the signed execution page. In short, the Defendant’s position
is that the agreement purportedly made on 4 July 2014 (ie, the 4 July SPA)
does not bind him. Additionally, he asserts that he did not understand the
terms of the 4 July SPA and that he was not aware that the Plaintiff would be
borrowing shares from JESOIL for the purposes of transferring them to the
Defendant.

29 The Plaintiff, however, regards the 4 July SPA as binding on the parties.
The 4 July SPA was announced to the market by the Plaintiff on 4 July 2014. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

2PB513–523.

On the same day, a share lending agreement was entered into between the
Plaintiff and JESOIL (“the Share Lending Agreement”). 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

2PB458–469.

Save for certain dates, the terms and structure of the transaction as set out
in the 23 May SPA and the 4 July SPA were identical. For ease of reference, I
will therefore use “the Moratorium” and “the Moratorium Undertaking” to refer
to the identical clauses and undertakings found in both the 23 May SPA and the
4 July SPA and the term “SPA” to refer generically to the structure of the
sale and purchase transaction which is identical in both the 23 May SPA and
the 4 July SPA.

Events occurring after 4 July 2014

30 The share swap under the first tranche of the 4 July SPA took place.
Crucially, the shares received from JESOIL under the Share Lending Agreement
were transferred to the Defendant’s securities account in two tranches of
30,000,000 shares on 6 July 2014 and 90,802,800 shares on 20 July 2014 without
the Defendant providing a second moratorium undertaking under the 4 July SPA.
The only undertaking that was given was that under the 23 May SPA (see [27]
above).

31 The Defendant in turn transferred the said shares to the Lender in two
tranches of 30,000,000 each on 11 July 2014 and 23 July 2014 (ie, the
Collateral Shares), allegedly as collateral for a loan to be provided by the
Lender to the Defendant, under an agreement dated 27 June 2014 described as
the “Non-Recourse Collateral Security Loan Agreement” (“the Collateral
Security Agreement”). The name of the Lender was redacted from the Collateral
Security Agreement with the Defendant refusing to disclose the same. This is a
critical transaction. As pointed out earlier (see [3] above), the Plaintiff’s
claim is that the transfer of the Collateral Shares under the Collateral
Security Agreement was a breach of the Moratorium in cl 5.4 of the 4 July SPA.

32 The Defendant’s refusal to provide the Moratorium Undertaking and the
discovery by the Plaintiff of the transfer of the Collateral Shares to the
Lender prompted the Plaintiff to commence these proceedings on 31 July 2014.
An application was filed on the same day to restrain the Defendant from
dealing with the First Tranche JES Shares. An order in terms of the said
application was made on 1 August 2014, and the 60,802,800 shares that remained
in the Defendant’s hands have been frozen since (“the Injunction”). The
Defendant was also ordered to take immediate steps to recover and restore the
Collateral Shares (“the Order of Court”). To-date, the Defendant has not
complied with the Order of Court.

33 After the commencement of these proceedings, by its letter dated 3 March
2015, the Plaintiff terminated the 4 July SPA pursuant to cl 4.4 of the
agreement on the basis that the transaction had not been completed by the
long-stop date provided therein. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

3PB732–733.

It was observed, in this letter, that the termination occurred automatically
as certain condition precedents had not been satisfied by 4 January 2015 (ie,
the long-stop date under the 4 July SPA). Therefore, the 4 July SPA was
automatically terminated on 4 January 2015. This in turn triggered an event of
default under the Share Lending Agreement.

Issues

34 Based on the facts recited above, the following broad issues arise for
consideration:

(a) Did the Moratorium in the 4 July SPA govern the Defendant’s dealing with
the JES Consideration Shares (defined at [37] below)?

(b) In transferring the Collateral Shares to the Lender, did the Defendant
breach the Moratorium?

(c) If the Defendant breached the Moratorium, what relief is the Plaintiff
entitled to?

35 Before I consider these issues, it is important to examine the structure of
the SPA and the purpose of the Moratorium. I now turn to this.

The structure of the SPA and the purpose of the Moratorium

36 As mentioned earlier, the 23 May SPA and the 4 July SPA were identical save
for their commencement dates. The structure of the transaction contemplated
under each agreement is pertinent to understanding why the Moratorium and the
Moratorium Undertaking were necessary.

37 The SPA envisaged that 51% of the shares in Scibois would be transferred to
the Plaintiff in return for 301,007,000 shares of the Plaintiff representing
20% of its enlarged share capital (“the JES Consideration Shares”) and payment
of a cash consideration of US$30m (“the Cash Consideration”). Upon completion
of the transaction, the Defendant and YN would collectively hold 20% of the
enlarged share capital of the Plaintiff and the Plaintiff would hold 51% of
the share capital of Scibois. It was further envisaged that the JES
Consideration Shares would all be issued and allotted on completion of the
transaction following enlargement of the share capital of the Plaintiff.

38 The transaction was to be performed in two tranches. The first tranche
involved the transfer of the First Tranche Scibois Shares in return for the
First Tranche JES Shares. Three points are relevant here:

(a) The First Tranche JES Shares were to be transferred by the Plaintiff to
the Defendant only.

(b) The First Tranche JES Shares were to be obtained from JESOIL pursuant to a
share lending agreement between the Plaintiff and JESOIL subject to the SIC
exempting JESOIL from making a general offer under r 14 of the Singapore Code
on Take-overs and Mergers following an increase in JESOIL’s percentage voting
rights upon retransfer of the loaned shares.

(c) Transfer of the First Tranche JES Shares would take place on a date
agreed, identified in the agreement as “the Exchange Date”, which would be not
later than ten business day after the date of the agreement, provided the
Defendant notified the Plaintiff five business day before that date of the
details of the securities account which was to receive the shares.

39 The second tranche was as follows:

(a) On the part of the Plaintiff: the issue and allotment of 181,204,200
shares from the Plaintiff’s enlarged share capital (“the Second Tranche JES
Shares”) to the Defendant and YN divided in the proportion set out in cl 5.2
of the SPA, and payment of the Cash Consideration.

(b) On the part of the Defendant and YN: the transfer of 31% of the shares in
Scibois (“the Second Tranche Scibois Shares”).

(c) Completion would take place on a date falling not later than ten business
days after satisfaction or waiver of condition precedents set out in cl 4.1,
defined in the SPA as “the Completion Date”. Clause 4.4 also provided that the
transaction would be automatically terminated if completion did not take place
by “the Long-Stop Date”, defined in the agreement as six months from the date
of the agreement.

It would be apparent from the above that the date of the SPA and the
notification by the Defendant of the details of his securities account are of
critical importance to the time for performance of the first and second
tranches. This is relevant to why the 23 May SPA was “re-dated” and “re-
executed” as the 4 July SPA.

40 The condition precedents covered several important steps. I highlight three
in particular: (a) shareholder approval for the transaction and for the
enlargement of the Plaintiff’s share capital; (b) satisfactory due diligence
on Scibois by the Plaintiff; and (c) a feasibility report showing that the
Islamic bonds issue on the back of the Concession was viable. Completion of
the first tranche was to take place even before these critical steps had been
performed. This would mean that:

(a) there was clear risk that the transaction would not complete which would
in turn result in the automatic termination of the SPA;

(b) the Plaintiff would have by then transferred to the Defendant shares
representing 10% of the Plaintiff’s share capital borrowed from the JESOIL
under a share lending agreement (ie, the First Tranche JES Shares); and

(c) upon termination of the agreement, the Defendant had to return the First
Tranche JES Shares and the shares borrowed from JESOIL.

These factors collectively show why the Moratorium and the Moratorium
Undertaking were introduced in the SPA.

41 I have set out the salient portions of the Moratorium at [24] above. In
substance, the Moratorium stipulates that:

(a) The Defendant and YN would observe a moratorium against transfer and
disposal of the JES Consideration Shares.

(b) The period of the moratorium would be from the Exchange Date and the
Completion Date to a date falling 12 months after the Completion Date for the
First Tranche JES Shares and the Second Tranche JES Shares respectively.

(c) The Plaintiff had the right to require by prior notice the re-transfer of
the First Tranche JES Shares in exchange for the First Tranche Scibois Shares
if any one of three situations were to occur, and the Defendant and YN
irrevocably and unconditionally undertook to effect the re-transfer. These
three situation are namely:

(i) if completion did not take place on the Completion Date;

(ii) if the condition precedents were deemed by the Plaintiff to be not
satisfied for any reason whatsoever; or

(iii) if prior to completion of the second tranche, if it was found that any
of the warranties (as defined in the SPA) given by the Defendant and YN were
not accurate.

In a similar vein, the Moratorium Undertaking stipulates that the Defendant
and YN would not, during the moratorium period “dispose of, realise, transfer
or assign any part of” their interest in JES Consideration Shares until the
moratorium period had expired.

42 Seen collectively, it seems crystal clear that a fundamental purpose of the
Moratorium was to safeguard the Plaintiff’s interest by ensuring that the
Defendant and YN were in a position to re-transfer and therefore return the
First Tranche JES Shares in the event that:

(a) the transaction did not complete; or

(b) JESOIL demanded the return of the shares lent under the Share Lending
Agreement.

Indeed, these were the same reasons offered by JY and JX in their testimonies
concerning the purpose of the Moratorium. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

NE 28 July 2015, pg 86-87 and pg 90-93.

JX testified that the accuracy of the information on Scibois provided by YN
and the Defendant had to be verified so that an accurate picture could be
obtained before completion. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

NE 24 July 2015, pg 2-4.

Lim also testified along the same lines. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

NE 28 July 2015, pg 131-132 and pg 153-154.

JY offered another reason for why the Moratorium lasted for 12 months after
the completion of the transaction, viz, to avoid a crash of the Plaintiff’s
share price caused by the Defendant and YN dumping a substantial number of
shares. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

NE 24 July 2015, pg 62.

I note that this reason was also cited in the Court of Appeal decision of
Pacrim Investments Pte Ltd v Tan Mui Keow Claire and another [2008] 2 SLR(R)
898 (“Pacrim”) at [20] as one reason why moratoria such as this were insisted
upon by the parties in such transactions. I accept JY’s evidence in this
regard.

43 The possibility of the transaction being terminated before completion was
not remote. The Scibois shares would only have value if the Concession was
valuable. The Concession was an asset subject to the laws of the DRC and held
by a corporation incorporated there. The Defendant represented that the
Concession was worth US$3b, a huge amount. The success of the planned Islamic
bonds issue was premised on the integrity of this asset. The Plaintiff did not
have any independent assurance of the value of the Concession. All it had was
the Defendant’s representation. The valuation of the equity in Scibois Congo
and the integrity of the Concession suffered from some opacity. Hence, the
condition precedents that provided for satisfactory due diligence and a
feasibility study before completion were crucial. Indeed, the concerns over
the integrity of the Concession surfaced in an email dated 23 May 2014 from
Kan to YN and JY. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

2PB413.

Kan, who, as noted earlier, was involved in the negotiations on the 23 May
SPA, wrote to YN and JY to highlight that some negative information had been
uncovered by EFG Bank as regards Scibois. The negative information was
distilled from an article on the DRC by a body known as “Global
Timber.Org.UK”. The article stated:

The legality of almost 21 million hectacres of concessions have been assessed
… and most have been declared illegal. Those issued most near to the cut-off
date were of course most likely to be opportunistic/ suspect – …Yang Shu Shan.

… Yang Shu Shan was permitted to list on the NYSE Euronext exchange in Paris
subsequent to DRC declaring that what appears to be the new company’s primary
asset – its concession – is illegal. [emphasis added]

YN was asked to clarify. It is not clear if he did.

44 There are four other factors that show quite evidently that a key purpose
of the Moratorium was to safeguard the Plaintiff’s position as regards the
First Tranche JES Shares pending completion. First, cl 5.1 of the SPA which
deals with performance of the first tranche, states that the First Tranche JES
Shares were being transferred “in consideration of the mutual promises
exchanged herein (particularly the undertaking by the vendors in Clause 5.4)
and as a gesture of good faith to complete the Proposed Acquisition” [emphasis
added]. The reference to “good faith” is an acknowledgement that the First
Tranche JES Shares were being transferred to show the Plaintiff’s commitment
to the transaction notwithstanding the uncertainty on whether the transaction
would be completed.

45 Second, as I have explained above, the First Tranche JES Shares were to be
borrowed from JESOIL under the Share Lending Agreement. Under that agreement,
JESOIL was entitled to demand a return of the First Tranche JES Shares at any
time. If the Plaintiff failed to deliver an equivalent number of shares within
seven days of the demand, it was obliged to compensate JESOIL based on an
agreed formula. It must be noted that the obligation to re-deliver the
equivalent of the First Tranche JES Shares arises when the SPA is terminated.
This brings into sharp focus the interplay between the Defendant’s obligation
to return the First Tranche JES Shares upon termination of the SPA, and the
Plaintiff’s obligation under the Share Lending Agreement to return the shares
loaned thereunder. The Moratorium was therefore important to ensure that the
Defendant was able to return the First Tranche JES Shares to the Plaintiff
should the Plaintiff be obliged to return the shares loaned by JESOIL under
the Share Lending Agreement.

46 Third, the SIC required the Defendant and YN to provide to the Plaintiff an
additional undertaking as regards the First Tranche JES Shares (“the SIC
Undertaking”). 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

2PB430.

Notably, this was provided by the Defendant and YN on 27 May 2014, shortly
after the execution of the 23 May SPA. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

2PB424.

It echoed the language of the Moratorium in that Defendant and YN “irrevocably
and unconditionally undertake” to the Plaintiff that they would transfer the
First Tranche JES Shares to JESOIL within seven days of a demand by JESOIL for
return of the same under the Share Lending Agreement provided the Plaintiff
covenants to issue and allot the same amount of shares within thirty days of
the demand. Clearly, the SIC Undertaking was geared to ensure that the
Defendant returned the First Tranche JES Shares to JESOIL. The purpose of the
SIC Undertaking is clearly set out in JY’s email to YN dated 25 May 2014 when
she requested YN and the Defendant to provide the same: 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

2PB426.

For clause 3.1 of the agreement, we have received in principle approval from
the Securities Industry Council (SIC). In accordance with Note 15 on Rule 14.1
of the Takeover Code which states, inter alia, that if the lender has the
right to recall the borrowed shares by giving advance notice of 7 days or less
to the borrower any time during the period of the loan, the lender, for the
purpose of Rule 14, will not be deemed to have disposed of the voting rights
attached to those shares when he lends them out, nor will he be deemed to have
acquired the voting rights attached to those shares when they are returned to
him. SCI [sic] wants us to confirm that in the event the loaned shares need to
be returned, how it can ensured that the lender of said shares can recall the
loaned shares within 30 days after giving advance notice of 7 days. Therefore
we require you and your father to sign the attached letter so that we can
submit it to SIC.

[emphasis added]

It is therefore evident that the SIC Undertaking was insisted upon to
reinforce the Moratorium. The fact that the Defendant and YN executed the SIC
Undertaking also shows that they were aware of the Moratorium and the fact
that the Plaintiff was borrowing the First Tranche JES Shares from JESOIL.

47 Fourth, in her email dated 25 June 2014, JY told YN that once the First
Tranche JES Shares were transferred to the Defendant’s securities account, he
must open a separate “moratorium account” and re-transfer the same to that
account. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

2PB441.

The desire to segregate the First Tranche JES Shares emphasises the importance
that was placed by the Plaintiff on the Moratorium.

48 In the round, the Moratorium and the Moratorium Undertaking were necessary
because the First Tranche JES Shares were to be transferred ahead of
completion “as a gesture of good faith” using shares borrowed from JESOIL
under the Share Lending Agreement. They attempted to preserve the status quo
by stipulating, inter alia, that the Defendant was not to deal with the First
Tranche JES Shares until 12 months after the Completion Date, thereby seeking
to ensure that the Defendant was in a position to return the said shares if
the transaction was unwound. The SIC Undertaking fortified this obligation.
There was a residual purpose served by the Moratorium, viz, preventing a
collapse of the Plaintiff’s share price by the Defendant and YN dumping a
substantial number of the JES Considerations Shares (see [42] above).

Does the Moratorium in the 4 July SPA govern the Defendant’s dealings with the
JES Consideration Shares?

49 The Defendant argues that the Moratorium in the 4 July SPA does not govern
his dealings with the JES Consideration Shares. He argues that the SA2 was the
operative agreement between the Plaintiff and the Defendant, and that the 4
July SPA had no legal effect as he did not sign the 4 July SPA and/or give YN
the authority to execute the 4 July SPA on his behalf. The issue is a simple
one: which is the operative agreement between the Plaintiff and the Defendant
– the 4 July SPA or the SA2? In the light of the various allegations that have
been made in the pleadings, affidavits and under cross-examination in court, a
determination of this question requires an examination of YN’s role and
authority in the transaction, the state of the Defendant’s knowledge, and the
relationship between the various agreements. However, before delving into the
substantive issues, I first set out some general observations on the
Defendant’s credibility and the inferences to be drawn from the evidence as
this will set the context for my assessment of the evidence and the factual
landings I have come to.

The Defendant’s credibility and the inferences to be drawn

50 I must state at the outset that I have grave doubts over the Defendant’s
credibility. As will be apparent from my analysis of the facts, there were
serious logical deficits and discrepancies in his evidence on important
events. His evidence was protean, morphing to suit the convenience of the
circumstance. He was evasive, often not responding to or ignoring questions
posed in cross-examination. When faced with documents which clearly
contradicted his testimony, he would either blatantly change his response or
refuse to concede what would appear to be a fair point. I hasten to add that
JX and JY were not always credible as well. However, on balance, on most of
the key issues, their evidence was certainly more sound than the Defendant’s.

51 Besides being an evasive witness, the Defendant deliberately flouted his
discovery obligations. In particular, the Defendant’s introduction of certain
exhibits while being cross-examined was quite astounding. The Defendant
readily conceded that he was advised of his discovery obligation but chose to
deliberately withhold the documents and affirm a false affidavit for
discovery. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

NE 11 August 2015, pg 99-105.

He apologised for his conduct to the court but the very next day, while under
cross-examination, produced yet another exhibit which had not been disclosed
in discovery. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

NE 12 August 2015, pg 52-53.

The excuse offered in both instances was that he was fearful that disclosure
would not allow him to challenge YN’s testimony in the event he testified. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

NE 12 August 2015, pg 75 line 24 – 79 line 9.

Withholding documents deliberately from discovery is in itself ordinarily
unacceptable conduct. However, using his son as an excuse for doing so made
the conduct even more egregious. It was also perplexing to say the least.

52 Besides the Defendant’s lack of credibility, I also draw an adverse
inference against the Defendant for his failure to call YN as a witness. It is
patently obvious from my evaluation of the evidence that YN was a crucial part
of the evidential matrix. Indeed, he was an indelible presence at crucial
events, and in critical documents and foundational agreements. His absence as
a witness is therefore of huge significance. In this regard, the Plaintiff
submits that an adverse inference should be drawn against the Defendant on
certain issues of facts because of the Defendant’s failure or refusal to call
YN to offer testimony on them.

53 Section 116(g) of the Evidence Act (Cap 97, 1997 Rev Ed) (“the Evidence
Act”) states that the court may presume that evidence which could be and is
not produced would, if produced, be unfavourable to the person who withholds
it. In Cheong Ghim Fah and another v Murugian s/o Rangasamy [2004] 1 SLR(R)
628 (“Cheong Ghim Fah”), the court elucidated four principles to be applied
when considering whether an adverse inference ought to be drawn from the
absence or silence of a witness who might be expected to give evidence on an
important issue of fact (at [42]–[43]):

(a) The inference ought to go to strengthen the evidence adduced on that issue
by the other party or to weaken the evidence, if any, adduced by the party who
might reasonably have been expected to call the witness.

(b) There must be some evidence, however weak, adduced by the former on the
issue before the court is entitled to draw the adverse inference.

(c) If the reason for the absence or silence of the witness satisfies the
court, then the adverse inference ought not to be drawn. If a credible but not
wholly satisfactory explanation is given, the potential detrimental effect of
the witness’s absence or silence may be reduced or nullified.

(d) The reasons for a witness’s absence ought to be “put” in cross-examination
by the party intending to raise the adverse inference so as to afford the
opposing party the opportunity to explain the said absence.

However, I should point out that item (d) above is not an absolute necessity
if the party in question had sufficient notice of the issue and would be
expected to have chosen either to explain or not to explain the absence of the
witness (see ECICS Ltd v Capstone Construction Pte Ltd and others [2015] SGHC
214 at [49]).

54 It was clear that it was within the Defendant’s means to call YN as his
witness. The procedural history of the action revealed that on 22 September
2014, YN had affirmed an affidavit in support of the Defendant’s application
to set aside the Injunction (“YN’s 22 September Affidavit”). As late as 22
April 2015, the Defendant had identified YN as his witness. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

Plaintiff’s closing submissions, para 172.

Inexplicably, the Defendant declined to call YN to give evidence at trial. The
Defendant did not offer a credible or satisfactory explanation for YN’s
absence. It is clear that the Defendant knew of YN’s whereabouts. During the
trial, he initially conceded that YN was in Beijing but later shifted ground
and said that YN was either in Beijing or Africa and that he has had no
communication with YN since 27 October 2014 as he had stopped trusting YN. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

NE 11 August 2015, pg 121-123.

I find this too convenient an excuse. The fact that the Defendant had put
forward YN as one of his witnesses up till 22 April 2015, not long before the
start of the trial and well after 27 October 2014 when seeds of distrust were
allegedly sown, puts paid to the veracity of this evidence. The fact remains
that YN is still the holder of 40% of the shares in Scibois and the Defendant
has taken no steps to remove him. Seen collectively, there is hardly an odour
of distrust. Applying the principles stated in Cheong Ghim Fah, I am of the
view that there is sufficient basis to draw an adverse inference against the
Defendant. I infer that the Defendant did not call YN as a witness as YN’s
evidence would be unfavourable to him. Indeed, the Defendant admitted as much.
24

##### Foot Note 24

×

NE 12 August 2015, pg 75-76.

This adverse inference drawn against the Defendant adds an additional string
to the Plaintiff’s evidential bow.

55 Finally, the Defendant has also appeared to have destroyed crucial
evidence. On 21 July 2015, I granted the Plaintiff’s application for an order
to have forensic experts examine the Defendant’s mobile phone (“the Mobile
Phone”) and the data therein. In an affidavit filed on 23 July 2015, the
Defendant deposed that he had communicated with YN from May 2014 to July 2014
primarily through calls and text messages using the Mobile Phone, but that the
same was no longer in use because it had broken down. The Mobile Phone was
examined by the Plaintiff’s and the Defendant’s expert, Felix Lum Hong Ching
(“Mr Lum”) and Robert Leighton Phillips (“Mr Phillips”), respectively. Their
examination showed three critical facts:

(a) the Mobile Phone had not broken down as alleged by the Defendant;

(b) a factory reset of the Mobile Phone had taken place on 27 July 2014; and

(c) the data in the Mobile Phone had been destroyed as a result of the said
factory reset.

56 It was common ground between the experts that a factory reset had to be a
deliberate action. The Defendant’s conceded that he had not parted with
possession of the Mobile Phone until it was surrendered to Mr Lum for
examination on 21 July 2015. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

NE 12 August 2015, pg 65-66.

The reasonable conclusion from these two facts is that the Defendant had
deliberately destroyed data in the Mobile Phone, as only he had the
opportunity and motive to do so. It is also uncanny that the factory reset
took place on 27 July 2014, which would ensure that all of the data in the
Mobile Phone relating to the calls and text messages between YN and the
Defendant concerning the 23 May SPA and the 4 July SPA would be deleted. The
Defendant’s deliberate destruction of evidence not only undermines his
credibility but also allows me to draw an adverse inference under s 116(g) of
the Evidence Act that if that evidence were available, it would have been
unfavourable to him.

57 Therefore, unless there was clear documentary evidence to support an
assertion that he has made, I generally treated the Defendant’s testimony with
circumspection and caution. I regarded the Defendant as not a credible
witness. As mentioned earlier, that is not to say that I wholly accepted JY’s
or JX’s testimony. Indeed, I had difficulty with aspects of their testimony
particularly JX’s. Hence, I proceeded on the footing that the documentary
evidence was the most reliable and credible source of evidence, and formed my
impressions and measured the credibility of a witness against that backdrop.
Seen in that light, the Defendant fell palpably at the lower end of the
spectrum of credibility as compared to JY and JX.

YN’s role in the transaction

58 One of the Defendant’s main submissions is that YN was not authorised to
negotiate on his behalf on matters concerning the 23 May SPA and the 4 July
SPA. He states that YN was authorised to handle only the transfer of shares in
accordance with the SA2, and to open an account in Singapore between 11 and 13
May 2014 in anticipation of receipt of the Plaintiff’s shares under the said
agreement. I do not accept the Defendant’s submission. In my assessment, the
evidence shows quite clearly that the Defendant nominated YN to negotiate the
transaction with the Plaintiff and that YN had actual authority to act for and
on behalf of the Defendant in relation to the transaction. In the alternative,
and at the very least, YN had apparent authority to deal with the matters
relating to the transaction on the Defendant’s behalf or the Defendant is
estopped from denying YN’s authority.

The law on actual authority, apparent authority, and agency by estoppel

59 The question of authority arises in the context of an agency relationship.
An agency relationship is the fiduciary relationship which arises between a
principal and an agent where the principal assents to the agent acting on the
principal’s behalf (see Alwie Handoyo v Tjong Very Sumito and another and
another appeal [2013] 4 SLR 308 at [147]). A principal is bound by the acts of
an agent where the agent has actual authority to act on the principal’s
behalf. Actual authority may be express or implied, but in either case it must
be judged objectively. As stated in Bowstead and Reynolds on Agency (Peter G
Watts gen ed) (Sweet & Maxwell, 20th Ed, 2014) (“Bowstead and Reynolds”) at
para 3-003:

Actual authority is the authority by which the principal has given the agent
wholly or in part by means of words or writing (called here express authority)
or is regarded by the law as having given him because of the interpretation
put by the law on the relationship and dealing of the two parties. Although
founded on the principal’s assent, the conferral of authority is judged
objectively.

60 On the other hand, a putative principal may also be bound by the acts of an
agent if the agent has apparent or ostensible authority to act on the
principal’s behalf. For the purposes of the present case, it must be shown
that:

(a) the Defendant had made representations (by words or conduct) to the
Plaintiff that YN had authority to act on his behalf; and

(b) the Plaintiff was induced by such representation to enter into the
contract namely, the 4 July SPA.

61 Finally, the Plaintiff also raises the doctrine of agency by estoppel. The
doctrine of agency by estoppel was considered in the case of Spiro v Lintern
[1973] 1 WLR 1002 (“Spiro”). In that case, the first defendant asked the
second defendant, his wife, to put their house up for sale. His wife
negotiated and concluded the sale of the house to the plaintiff. This was done
without the first defendant’s authority. Subsequently, the first defendant
gave the second defendant a power of attorney to negotiate and conclude a
second sale. In the meantime, the first defendant behaved as if he had
authorised the sale of the house to the plaintiff. The court held that the
first defendant was estopped from asserting that the second defendant had
entered into the first sale contract without his authority. Buckey LJ stated
(at 1010–1011):

Where a man is under a duty – that is, a legal duty – to disclose some fact to
another and he does not do so, the other is entitled to assume the non-
existence of the fact. In such circumstances the conduct of the first man
amounts to a representation by conduct to the second that the fact does not
exist.

…

If A, having some right or title adverse to B, sees B in ignorance of that
right or title acting in a manner inconsistent with it, which would be to B’s
disadvantage if the right or title were asserted against him thereafter, A is
under a duty to B to disclose the existence of his right or title. If he
stands by and allows B to continue in his course of action, A will not, if the
other conditions of estoppel are satisfied, be allowed to assert his right or
title against B … On similar grounds, in our judgment, if A sees B acting in
the mistaken belief that A is under some binding obligation to him and in a
manner consistent only with the existence of such an obligation, which would
be to B’s disadvantage if A were thereafter to deny the obligation, A is under
a duty to B to disclose the non-existence of the supposed obligation. …

In the recent case of The “Bunga Melati 5” [2016] SGCA 20, the Court of Appeal
opined at [8] that the difference between agency by estoppel and apparent
authority was not, as it were, apparent. However, the Court of Appeal declined
to decide whether there was in fact a real difference between the two
doctrines (at [12]).

62 With these legal principles in mind, I turn to consider the evidence.

Application of the law to the facts

63 The Defendant knew that the FAA and a definitive sale and purchase
agreement were required by the Singapore Exchange (“SGX”) to satisfy
regulatory requirements, and for the purpose of public announcement. The FAA
specifically contemplated a definitive sale and purchase agreement being
executed between the parties namely, the Plaintiff, the Defendant and YN. The
Defendant conceded that he knew of this. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

NE 11 August 2015, pg 5.

This was a concession that had to be made as the FAA was drafted in both
English and Mandarin. That being the case, it was expected that the parties to
the FAA would negotiate and conclude a sale and purchase agreement which would
supersede the FAA. The Defendant did not engage in that process of
negotiation. In his absence, who else could have filled that void but YN? YN
was eminently suited for this role. He was an intended co-signatory, a
majority shareholder of Scibois, one of the transferors of Scibois shares to
the Plaintiff, and a transferee of the Plaintiff’s shares. YN therefore had
standing in his own right to be involved in the transaction – it concerned him
and his shareholding in Scibois. More importantly, he was the Defendant’s son
and perhaps the person whom the Defendant trusted the most at the material
time. Indeed, the Defendant conceded that the YN had a role in the
negotiations save that he did not have any decision-making powers. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

NE 4 August 2015, pg 62.

This was an important concession which I will revert to when I consider
whether YN would have kept the Defendant updated on the negotiations. The
Defendant also conceded that JX was under the impression that YN would be
involved in the negotiations on the draft sale and purchase agreement. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

NE 5 August 2015, pg 98.

In this regard, there was no allegation in the Defendant’s Affidavit of
Evidence-In-Chief (“AEIC”) that YN was not authorised by him to negotiate the
draft sale and purchase agreement. I also note that YN did not state that he
was not authorised to negotiate the SPA in his 22 September Affidavit. In
fact, the tenor of the affidavit was that he was authorised to do so. Finally,
on paper, YN was qualified for the task of negotiating the SPA, holding a
first degree in Business and Finance, and a Masters in Business
Administration.

64 The Defendant’s conduct is telling. When the Defendant sent the CAA by way
of his email dated 11 February 2014, YN was copied on the email. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

1PB130.

YN was named as a party to the FAA and was present at the meeting on 6 April
2014 when the FAA was signed. The Defendant was aware that a draft sale and
purchase agreement had been sent to YN by JY. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

Yang Shushan’s AEIC, para 54.

He was aware that YN was engaged in discussions with JY and Lim sometime on 15
May 2014, and with JY on or about 20 or 21 May 2014, on the terms of the sale
and purchase agreement in May 2014 and that he had exchanged emails in this
regard with JY. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

NE 12 August 2015, pg 78.

In fact, YN was involved in every facet of the SPA from negotiation to
performance. Yet, the Defendant did nothing to stymie YN’s involvement in the
process and in fact relied on his involvement for support. He did not tell JX
or JY not to involve YN. Pertinently, JY, who was leading the negotiations for
the Plaintiff, did not interact at all with the Defendant; her interactions
were solely with YN. JX’s and JY’s testimonies were also consistent with YN
being authorised or seen to be authorised to negotiate the transaction for the
Defendant. They testified that YN was introduced by the Defendant as the
person who would be negotiating on behalf of the Defendant. JY said that the
introduction was made with a sense of pride. 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

Jin Yu’s AEIC, para 27–28.

They accepted that YN was authorised for the same reasons as outlined earlier
(see [63] above).

65 In the face of such unequivocal conduct, one would have expected the
Defendant to offer an explanation for his inaction or YN’s active
participation. He did not. This suggests to me that the Defendant did in fact
nominate YN as his representative to negotiate the terms of the SPA. I should
point out that the Defendant offered an explanation as to why he did not want
YN involved. He testified that he had nominated YN initially, but in light of
JX’s decision not to nominate Zhu as the Plaintiff’s representative, withdrew
YN. That does not explain why YN could not be involved given that JX’s
replacement for Zhu was not himself but his daughter, JY. It would seem that
the two children of the principal protagonists would be ideally placed to work
out the terms of the SPA for their fathers. More importantly, it does not
explain how and why YN became involved. The explanation is contrived and only
serves to strengthen my conviction that the conclusion I have drawn is the
correct one.

66 I do not accept the Defendant’s allegation that YN had a poor command of
the English language. This was offered to shield the Defendant from being
aware of the Moratorium in the SPA. Put simply, if YN did not know of the
Moratorium, he could not have told the Defendant about it. I discuss this
point below (see [87]–[93] below). Lim’s AEIC stated that YN has “a good
working command of the English language”. 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

Lim’s AEIC, para 20.

JY offers the same perspective in her AEIC. 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

Jin Yu’s AEIC, para 31 and 34.

I accept their evidence in this regard. It will be apparent when I examine the
evidence that YN was able to understand the terms of the SPA, including the
Moratorium (see [70]–[86] below). The very fact that the Defendant did not
retain solicitors to advise him and YN on the transaction strongly suggests to
me that YN was more than capable of understanding its terms, and the Defendant
knew that. The Defendant would surely have sought legal assistance if he and
YN were indeed handicapped by the English language.

67 Finally, I am buttressed in my conclusion by the inference to be drawn from
the Defendant’s failure to call YN as a witness and from the Defendant’s
deletion of crucial communications between himself and YN. The inference, per
s 116(g) of the Evidence Act, is that evidence from these sources if available
would be prejudicial to the Defendant’s position. In other words, such
evidence would go towards showing that the Defendant in fact authorised YN to
negotiate and make decisions on his behalf.

68 For the foregoing reasons, I therefore find the Defendant had in fact
authorised YN to negotiate with the Plaintiff on his behalf and to take all
steps necessary to ensure that the transaction came to fruition. Further and
in the alternative, I also find that the Defendant has held YN out as having
the authority to do so and that the Plaintiff has relied on the Defendant’s
representations in this regard in entering into the SPA with the Defendant and
YN.

Did the Defendant know about the Moratorium?

YN’s knowledge

69 The Defendant has denied that he was aware of the Moratorium or the
Moratorium Undertaking. It is relevant that he has not denied that YN knew of
both. Two questions naturally arise: Was YN aware of the Moratorium and the
Moratorium Undertaking? And, if he was aware of them, did he inform the
Defendant of the same? Perhaps, the second question ought to be cast in a
slightly different way to bring into sharp focus the nub of the inquiry: Are
there any compelling reasons why YN would not have told the Defendant?

70 It is important to set out some parameters here. First, YN had the means to
be fully acquainted with the terms of the SPA. The evidence shows that he was
deeply involved in the negotiations leading up the execution of the SPA, and
indeed the performance of the same thereafter. Second, he had strong
motivation to fully understand the transaction. He was a co-signatory, and a
transferor and a transferee of shares under the SPA. His father, the
Defendant, was a fellow signatory, and transferor and transferee. He was
nominated to negotiate on the Defendant’s behalf. On the Defendant’s case, the
value of the Concession owned by Scibois’ subsidiary, Scibois Congo, was
US$3b. With Scibois holding 75% of the equity in the subsidiary, YN and the
Defendant’s collective interest in Scibois would be worth US$2.1b. The
transaction contemplated the transfer of 51% of this interest which would
total on a straight-line basis an amount in excess of US$1.05b. It is
inconceivable that YN would have applied a light touch to the transaction
given the stakes. The motivation to fully understand the terms of the SPA is
obvious.

71 These parameters suggest that YN must have been aware of the Moratorium and
the Moratorium Undertaking. Has the Defendant offered any compelling reason
for concluding otherwise? Apart from suggesting that YN’s command of English
was poor, the Defendant gave no reason, let alone a compelling one, to suggest
a different conclusion. YN’s own testimony would have been the best evidence
of his purported inadequacies in the English language and of the fact that he
was unaware of the Moratorium and the Moratorium Undertaking. But he was not
before me as a witness. I have also concluded that the evidence points to the
conclusion that YN had sufficient proficiency in the English language to have
understood the terms of the SPA. Additionally, it has not escaped me that
many, if not all, of the emails which highlighted and dealt with the
Moratorium were written in Mandarin, YN’s mother tongue and most proficient
language. It has not been alleged that these emails were not received or sent.
All of these point to the conclusion that YN was aware and understood the
purport of the Moratorium and Moratorium Undertaking. Moreover, the thread of
documentary evidence suggests the same conclusion. I should note from the
outset that none of the documents I shall discuss have been challenged by the
Defendant as not being authentic or not having been sent and received. This
creates a firm foundation for concluding what was known or understood by the
parties sending and receiving the same.

72 The first piece of the puzzle is an email from JY to YN sent at 11.07am on
19 May 2014. 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

2PB346-347.

JY enclosed in this email a draft sale and purchase agreement which had been
amended “according to [YN’s] suggestion made in Singapore last week”. The body
of the email was in Mandarin though the draft sale and purchase agreement was
in English. The contents of the email suggest that YN had reviewed a draft
sale and purchase agreement at a meeting in the preceding week, and made
comments which JY had incorporated into the draft that was attached to the
email. This email shows that YN had a good appreciation of the terms of the
transactions and was in fact keenly negotiating the same. It also shows that
any purported deficiency in the English language did not handicap him in
understanding the terms of the transaction. One further comment is apposite.
Given that he was negotiating on the Defendant’s behalf, it is reasonable to
assume that YN would have proposed changes to the draft agreement after
consultation with the Defendant. It would follow that the Defendant was aware
of the terms of the draft sale and purchase agreement that was attached to
JY’s email.

73 As for the meeting alluded to in JY’s email above, it is common ground that
a meeting did take place in Singapore between YN, JY and Lim at Lim’s office
in the week preceding 19 May 2014. There is dispute as to the exact date of
the meeting but this is not material. The purpose of the meeting was to go
through the important terms of the draft sale and purchase agreement. The
testimony of both JY and Lim was that the important terms of the draft sale
and purchase agreement were discussed principally in Mandarin and partly in
English. JY testified that YN displayed an understanding of the terms, raising
questions on the draft, negotiating on unfavourable terms and proposing
amendments. JY testified that YN had raised concerns about cl 5.4 of the draft
agreement, ie, the moratorium clause. YN appears to have carefully reviewed
and understood the terms. Both JY and Lim were left with the distinct
impression that YN had a good working command of English. JY must have.
Otherwise, she would not have taken on board YN’s comments.

74 I accept the evidence of JY and Lim this regard. If the meeting took place,
it must been for a significant reason. Given YN’s role in the negotiations and
that the meeting was in Lim’s office, the meeting must have been have been
called to discuss important terms including the Moratorium. The Moratorium
must have been specifically discussed because it was set out as a specific
item in the schedule to JY’s email dated 2 May 2014. I note that in YN’s 22
September Affidavit, YN stated as follows:

I met JES’ Jin Yu and JES’s lawyers in Singapore (a male lawyer) at the
lawyer’s office on one particular afternoon during the period 11 to 14 May
2014 when I happened to be in Singapore. I cannot remember which date it was,
where the venue of the meeting [was] and the persons who were present.

During this meeting, we orally re-confirmed to each other that the Vendors (my
father and I) cannot sell JES shares, but that there is no restriction for us
to pledge JES shares. Audrey Jin even expressed that JES agrees and has no
objections if the Vendors pledged the JES shares.

This discussion would only have arisen if the Moratorium had been discussed.
That would corroborate JY’s and Lim’s evidence that the Moratorium was
discussed. YN must have been made aware of the moratorium clause in cl 5.4 of
the draft sale and purchase agreement. The discussion at the meeting must have
taken place in a language that YN was comfortable in. Thus, the question of
YN’s proficiency in English assumes less significance.

75 I make several observations on the passage from YN’s 22 September Affidavit
cited above insofar as it suggests that YN had been given an assurance that
the JES Consideration Shares could be pledged. First, YN’s reference to an
oral re-confirmation would suggest there was an earlier assurance that was
given. I saw nothing in the evidence to suggest that any effort was made to
document this alleged assurance. This is surprising given its significance.
Second, I find it difficult to understand why such an assurance was not worked
into the language of the draft sale and purchase agreement given its
importance to both parties and in light of the fact that amendments were in
fact proposed to the draft under discussion. I note that Lim was present at
the meeting and any responsible solicitor would have done exactly that. Third,
it is inconceivable that JY and more particularly Lim would have given such an
assurance when the importance and purpose of cl 5.4 was apparent. Again, these
points make the absence of YN as a witness glaring and significant. Finally, I
digress to point out that the Defendant had under cross-examination
steadfastly refused to concede that YN had met JY in Singapore in the week of
11 May 2014, 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

NE 4 August 2015, pg 84-85.

although he later acknowledged that the facts mentioned in YN’s 22 September
Affidavit were true. 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

NE 5 August 2015, pg 6.

This point is but one instance of the Defendant’s evasive and protean evidence
which I had mentioned earlier.

76 Returning to the documentary evidence, YN’s reply to JY by an email sent at
12.12pm on 19 May 2014 is significant. In the opening paragraph of that email,
he says: 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

2PB345.

I have received your email. I will translate the agreement, handover to my
father to review, and thereafter go to your father’s place to jointly sign the
agreement.

Several points emerge from this passage. First, there is no reference to the
alleged oral re-confirmation that was given at the meeting at Lim’s office in
Singapore. Second, there is no disagreement by YN that the amendments that
were made arose out of comments made by him. Third, YN appears to have been
largely satisfied with the contents of the draft sale and purchase agreement.
Fourth, the draft was to be translated to Mandarin for the Defendant’s review
and final clearance. This suggests either that YN was sufficiently proficient
in English to translate the draft into Mandarin or would engage someone
qualified to undertake that task. Fifth, logically, he would have to explain
the agreement to the Defendant. Sixth, there was a tentative meeting planned
with JX at his place to execute the SPA. In the round, this email shows quite
clearly that YN was aware of the terms of the draft sale and purchase
agreement, and had evinced an intention to inform the Defendant of its terms.

77 The email is also significant for two further reasons. First, it shows YN
raising points with regard to the transfer of the Second Tranche Scibois
Shares. This would suggest that he was actively involved in the negotiations.
Second, in paragraph 11 of YN’s 22 September Affidavit, YN asserted that he
did not reply to JYs email dated 19 May 2014 as he did not understand the
draft sale and purchase agreement. The existence of this email shows up that
allegation.

78 By an email dated 22 May 2014 (6.13pm), JY forwarded an amended draft of
the sale and purchase agreement to YN. 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

2PB351-353.

This email was again in Mandarin. The amendments that were made were
specifically highlighted. Of interest is what was highlighted as regards cl
5.4 (ie, the moratorium clause):

Clause 5.4 expressly states a one year moratorium on the shares; The last
sentence says that if the first tranche 10% loaned shares needs to be
transferred back to JES’ majority shareholder, the stamp duty will be borne by
your side; correspondingly, we shall pay the stamp duty for the transfer of
the 20% BVI shares back to you and your father. (The stamp duty for the
transfer of the 10% JES shares to your father now will be paid by us.)

79 There is a sub-text to this email. A meeting had taken place in JY’s home
in Shanghai sometime on 20 or 21 May 2014 where the draft sale and purchase
agreement was discussed. 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions, para 210; Yang Nan’s affidavit dated 22
September 2014.

That meeting took place at JY’s home because she had just become a mother and
was on maternity leave. JY’s testimony was that the meeting had taken place to
iron out the issues that had been flagged in yellow in the draft that had been
attached to her email dated 19 May 2014 as well as any further matters that
had not been addressed at the meeting in Lim’s office. She further testified
that she went through the draft clause by clause and when it came to cl 5.4,
she again reminded YN of its significance. YN then had asked if the
Plaintiff’s shares could be mortgaged and was told that was not possible but
could be discussed. It was following this meeting that she had sent the email
reproduced at [78] above.

80 Seen in this context, the specific amendment that was set out by JY as
regards cl 5.4 suggests that a discussion did take place on the clause at this
meeting. It would therefore follow that YN and JY specifically applied their
minds to cl 5.4 and an amendment was made to deal with the stamp fees that
would be incurred if the shares were retransferred upon the transaction being
unwound. Indeed, what YN stated in reply to JY’s email is particularly
instructive: 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

2PB351.

Hi Director Jin,

I have received the agreement, thank you very much. There is no problem with
the content of the agreement except for some minor amendments:

1\. In Appendix3 [the Moratorium Undertaking], names and other information has
not yet been filled in; …

…

The rest is fine. Thank you for your effort.

Moreover: Could you confirm if it is convenient to print on your side after
the amendment? This is because my father has instructed me to email a clean
copy to him and he will print it out at the business centre when he returns to
the hotel (sorry), so I want to confirm with you as they should be signing the
agreement either tonight or early tomorrow morning.

[emphasis added]

81 I make the following observations. First, YN had clearly reviewed the
agreement and proposed amendments. This must mean he was aware of the contents
and was agreeable to the same in particular the changes to cl 5.4. In fact, he
noted that in Appendix 3, which sets out the form of the Moratorium
Undertaking, the parties’ names and information had not been filled in.
Second, the level of scrutiny that he had brought to bear is evident from the
fact that he proposed minor amendments. Third, given YN’s statement that he
would be emailing a clean copy of the draft sale and purchase agreement to the
Defendant, it is likely that the Defendant would have been informed of its
terms. Fourth, that the Defendant was ready to travel either that evening or
the next day to JX’s office for the purpose of executing the SPA signifies
that he and YN accepted the terms. Fifth, despite changes being made to cl
5.4, no effort was made to document the assurance that had allegedly been
given that the shares could be pledged or mortgaged. In this regard, I note
that in paragraph 13 of YN’s 22 September Affidavit, YN had, while accepting
that the meeting at JY’s home had taken place, again alleged that JY had told
him that the Plaintiff’s shares could be pledged. This is not credible given
the amendment that was proposed by JY and YN’s response to the same in this
email exchange.

82 Two further emails followed that evening. First, from JY at 8.15pm
enclosing further revisions to the draft sale and purchase agreement. 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

2PB350.

Second, a response from YN at 9.00pm agreeing to the changes. 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

2PB350.

Again, these emails signify that YN was aware and approved of the terms of the
draft sale and purchase agreement. As before, there was no reference to any
assurance that was given by JY.

83 Three significant email exchanges followed after the execution of the 23
May SPA. They fortify the conclusion that YN was aware of the Moratorium and
the Moratorium Undertaking.

84 First, an exchange starting with an email dated 25 May 2014 from JY to YN.
44

##### Foot Note 44

×

2PB426.

In that email, JY requested YN and the Defendant to execute and forward the
SIC Undertaking. A draft was attached to the email. Notably, YN, in his email
in response dated 26 May 2014, specifically asked if the SIC Undertaking was
the same as the Moratorium Undertaking. 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

2PB425.

JY pointed out the two were not the same and that the Moratorium Undertaking
could be found at Appendix 3 of the 23 May SPA. 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

2PB 425.

YN did not respond to challenge the Moratorium Undertaking.

85 Second, YN’s email of 25 June 2014 notifying JY of the details of the
Defendant’s securities account for the purpose of transferring the First
Tranche JES Shares. 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

2PB443.

In reply, JY requested the Defendant to deposit the said shares in a
“moratorium account” following their transfer to the Defendant’s securities
account. 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

2PB441.

There was no response challenging this request.

86 Third, on 7 July 2014 (ie, after the execution of the 4 July SPA), JY sent
YN an email notifying him, inter alia, that the Plaintiff had publicly
announced the signing of the 4 July SPA and the transfer of the First Tranche
JES shares from JESOIL to the Plaintiff under the Share Lending Agreement. 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

2PB528.

In light of the transfer, she requested that the Defendant provide the
Moratorium Undertaking. 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

2PB528-529.

YN’s reply by way of his email dated 7 July 2014 is important. He stated that:
51

##### Foot Note 51

×

2PB528.

I will send to you the moratorium undertaking document after my father
confirms that he has received the shares and returns to Beijing and I have
passed it to my father for his signature.

[emphasis added]

It would seem that even after the execution of the 23 May SPA and the 4 July
SPA, YN was acknowledging the obligation to execute the Moratorium
Undertaking. YN’s email is a clear acknowledgement that there was an
obligation to execute the Moratorium Undertaking. These emails are
contemporaneous exchanges and would in the ordinary course of events
constitute clear and cogent evidence of what was understood and agreed by the
parties. Seen collectively, they show quite clearly that YN knew and approved
of the Moratorium.

The Defendant’s knowledge

87 Given my finding above that YN had actual authority to negotiate the
transaction on the Defendant’s behalf, the Defendant would accordingly be
bound by the Moratorium if YN had agreed to the same. I also find that the
evidence indicates that YN would have informed the Defendant of the Moratorium
and the Moratorium Undertaking and that the Defendant in fact had actual
knowledge of, and approved of the same. It is difficult to believe that YN,
having been apprised of the Moratorium, would not have brought to the
Defendant’s attention. Common sense dictates that he would have. He was after
all negotiating the transaction for both of them, which in and of itself would
mean that the salient terms would have been highlighted to the Defendant.
Also, YN, as a signatory to the transaction, would have wanted to ensure that
his co-signatory would be familiar with the obligation that he, YN, was also
assuming. There is no conceivable reason why he would not have. The adverse
inference drawn against the Defendant for his deletion of communications and
his failure to call YN strengthens this conclusion.

88 To conclude otherwise, would be to disregard the emails that were exchanged
between YN and JY which I have covered above. In order to disregard these
emails, I would have to arrive at two conclusions. First, that YN was engaged
in a deliberate and dishonest exercise through the emails to mislead JY and JX
into believing that he and the Defendant were agreeable to the Moratorium.
Second, at the same time, YN was deliberately concealing from the Defendant
the Moratorium and the obligation to issue a Moratorium Undertaking. There is
nothing in the factual matrix that even remotely permits me to arrive at these
conclusions. I make three points.

89 First, in the course of cross-examination, the Defendant was quizzed
repeatedly on (a) whether he had spoken to YN as regards the contents of these
emails, and (b) what conceivable reasons YN could have had for fabricating the
said contents. Instead of being forthright with an explanation, the Defendant
prevaricated with answers such as “I can’t remember”, “I don’t know” or “I
can’t comment”. One particular exchange with the Defendant is revealing: 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

NE 11 August 2015, pg 67-70.

Mr Foo: Did you talk to Yang Nan about him staying in Beijing and that you
were going to bring back the SPA for him to sign or send the SPA for him to
sign?

Court: On or about 22 May.

…

A: I can’t remember.

Q: Is it your evidence, Mr Yang, that you also did not confirm to Yang Nan
that there was no problem with the SPA and that you were prepared to sign the
SPA on either the night of 22 May 2014, or on the next day, 23 May 2014?

A: Yes, I didn’t confirm with him.

Q: So again, the statement in Yang Nan’s email to Ms Jin Yu on 22 May 2014 at
9 pm is untrue?

A: I don’t know. I can’t comment.

Court: Mr Yang, did you speak to your son on 22 May 2014 in the evening?

A: No.

Court: So how would your son know that you are going to leave the hotel at 9
am the next morning?

A: On that day at around 3 pm on 23 May, I arrived at JES meeting room, so Jin
Xin and I signed the agreement at around 4 to 5 pm, we signed both the Chinese
and English agreement. And then after that, I left for the train station from
the meeting room and I didn’t tell him that I would leave the hotel at 9 am.

Court: So it’s your evidence that you did not speak to your son on 22 May 2014
in the evening?

A: Yes.

Court: Did you speak to him at any time on 22 May?

A: I can’t remember.

Court: Why are you so sure that you did not speak to him in the evening?

A: I can’t remember, but I remember that on 22 May I arrived at JES shipyard
at about 4 pm and I took two photos. …

…

Court: I’m trying to understand something. These emails that Mr Foo has taken
you through, emails from your son to Ms Jin Yu, appear to refer to
conversations your son has had with you at the relevant time. Can you try to
explain to me why your son would say such conversations took place when you
say they did not?

A: I don’t know. Because if you look at it now, I think they [sic] have many
emails between --- there are many emails between Jin Yu and Yang Nan and I
really don’t know. And because at the time it has nothing to do with us, I’m
only signing the agreement with Jin Xin.

This exchange raises a serious doubt in my mind as to credibility of the
Defendant. It is difficult for me to comprehend how the Defendant was not able
to recall conversations with YN in that period as regards the terms of the
transaction – in particular the Moratorium – when at the same he had a vivid
recollection of the events that lead to the execution of the 23 May SPA and
the SA2. I note that the Defendant did not see fit to address these emails in
his AEIC when clearly they were salient if not critical evidence.

90 Secondly, there is also JY’s email of 2 May 2014 which JX had forwarded to
the Defendant by way of his email dated 4 May 2014. 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

1PB273.

As both the emails were in Mandarin, there is no question of the Defendant not
understanding their contents.

91 The schedule attached to the email made reference to the “shares
moratorium” and the “shares moratorium undertaking”. 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

1PB274.

Given that this email was forwarded to the Defendant by JX and concerned the
pending sale and purchase agreement, it is inconceivable that the Defendant
would not have addressed his mind to its contents. Again, the Defendant was
not able to offer a credible explanation as to why he would not have read this
email.

92 Third and finally, the Defendant had stated in an affidavit filed on 23
July 2015 that from May 2014 to July 2014, he communicated primarily with YN
over the telephone and through text messages, using the Mobile Phone. This
would suggest that YN had kept the Defendant updated on the negotiations and
the terms of the transactions. However, the text messages were not available
because, as noted at [55]–[56] above, the data in the Mobile Phone had been
deleted on 27 July 2014. The deletion of data occurred just a few days prior
to the commencement of this action. This leads me to draw the adverse
inference that the data that had been deleted would have shown that YN did
inform the Defendant of the Moratorium and the Moratorium Undertaking. I note
that by 27 July 2014, demands had been sent to YN by the Plaintiff requiring
the provision of the Moratorium Undertaking pursuant to the 4 July SPA.
Indeed, this adverse inference is fortified by the Defendant’s failure to call
YN as a witness. The timing of the destruction of the data also makes me most
reluctant to believe the Defendant’s evidence that YN did not inform him of
the Moratorium and the Moratorium Undertaking.

93 In the round, the evidence taken together with the adverse inferences
compels me to the conclusion that the Defendant was on the balance of
probabilities fully aware of the Moratorium and the Moratorium Undertaking,
and accepted and acknowledged it as a term of the 23 May SPA and 4 July SPA.

94 The one obstacle that perhaps stands in the way of emphatically concluding
that the relationship between the Plaintiff and the Defendant is governed by
the Moratorium in the SPA is the presence of cl IV(1)(C) in the SA2. Clause
IV(1)(C), which is crafted in Mandarin, is set out at [23] above. It allows
the First Tranche JES Shares to be used “as security for mortgage” during the
financing period. It must be pointed out that the SA2 was executed at or about
the same time as the 23 May SPA. What impact, if any, does this clause have on
the Moratorium?

95 Before I consider this question, I should point out that the English
interpretation set out at [23] above is one that the parties eventually agreed
to after controversy erupted during the course of the cross-examination of JX
as to what the correct English translation of the clause ought to be. At the
core of the controversy was whether the clause permitted a pledge or mortgage
of the shares. The original translation stated that the First Tranche JES
Shares “may be pledged or secured”, but it was eventually accepted that latter
translation set out above was the more accurate one. I thus proceeded on the
basis of the latter translation.

The relationship between the SA1, the SA2, the 23 May SPA and the 4 July SPA

96 As noted earlier, the crux of the Defendant’s defence is that cl IV(1)(C)
of the SA2 permits him to create a mortgage the First Tranche JES shares. He
argues that the Collateral Shares were mortgaged under the Collateral Security
Agreement. The Defendant contends that the SA2 was an agreement between the
Defendant, the Plaintiff, and JESOIL and that the SA2 was executed in the
Plaintiff’s office by JX and him immediately after the execution of the 23 May
SPA. The Defendant further contends that the 23 May SPA was executed by him on
the basis of an alleged representation by JX that: (a) the 23 May SPA was to
satisfy regulatory requirements and for the purpose of a public announcement
of the transaction; and (b) the true agreement between the parties was
encapsulated in the SA2. Accordingly, the Moratorium under the 23 May SPA (and
indeed the 4 July SPA) is not relevant and does not bind, or has been
superseded by cl IV(1)(C).

97 On the other hand, the Plaintiff, while not disputing the authenticity of
the SA1 and the SA2, takes the position that these were agreements between the
Defendant and JX, as controlling shareholders of Scibois and JES respectively.
Alternatively, the SA2 was supervened by either (a) the 23 May SPA, or
alternatively (b) the 4 July SPA which was signed well after the SA2. The
former argument is on the basis as the SA2 was signed on 22 May 2014, before
the execution of the 23 May SPA.

98 Several questions emerge for consideration:

(a) Who are the parties to the SA1 and SA2?

(b) What is the impact of the SA2 on the 23 May SPA?

(c) What is the implication of the re-execution of the 23 May SPA on 4 July
2014 resulting in the 4 July SPA?

I shall consider each question in turn.

Who are the parties to the SA1 and the SA2?

99 Who are the parties to the SA1 and the SA2? This question revolves around
ascertaining what the common intention of the Defendant and JX was when they
entered into the agreements at play. That is a question of fact that must be
determined having regard to the objective evidence surrounding the execution
of both agreements. The language of the SA1 and the SA2, while relevant, is
not necessarily dispositive of the question. If it is found that the intention
of both the Defendant and JX was for the Plaintiff to be a party to the SA1
and the SA2, then the further question which arises is whether JX had any
authority, actual or apparent, to enter into the SA1 or the SA2 on the
Plaintiff’s behalf bearing in mind that he was also executing the 23 May SPA
with the Defendant at about that time.

100 It is not disputed that both the SA1 and the SA2 were prepared by the
Defendant. Save for cl IV(1)(C) found in the SA2 and the respective dates of
the agreements, the SA1 and the SA2 are virtually identical. Having assessed
the evidence, I find that both the Defendant and JX intended the SA1 and the
SA2 to be agreements between themselves personally as controlling shareholders
of their respective companies. Given my conclusion, it is not necessary for me
to consider if JX had the authority to contract on the Plaintiff’s behalf.
Nevertheless, I make some comments on this issue below in the event that I am
incorrect in my conclusion on the parties’ common intention.

101 I begin with the language of the SA1. For ease of reference, I set out the
relevant portion of the SA1 (which may also be found in the SA2): 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

1PB231 (the SA1); 2PB 404 (the SA2).

I. The Two Parties to the Agreement:

Party A: SCIBOIS Co., Ltd

Legal representative or controlling shareholder: Yang Shushan

…

Party B: JES Overseas Investment Limited

JES International Holdings Limited

Legal representative or controlling shareholder: Jin Xin

…

II. Background of the two parties

Party A: The controlling shareholder of SCIBOIS CO. LTD (hereinafter referred
to as “SCIBOIS”), Mr. Yang Shushan, who has the exclusive decision-making
right over [the] external affairs of SCIBOIS;

Party B: The controlling shareholder of JES INTERNATONAL HOLDINGS LIMITED
(hereinafter referred to as “JES”) and JES Overseas Investment Limited, Mr Jin
Xin, who holds 52.6% of equity in JES and, at the same time, has the right to
finalise decisions on external affairs of JES; …

102 As can be seen from the above, while the SA1 and the SA2 identify “Party
A” as Scibois, and “Party B” as JESOIL and the Plaintiff, the Defendant and JX
are referred to as the “Legal representative or controlling shareholder” in
the same clause. That would not be necessary unless the Defendant and JX were
involved in some capacity in the agreements. The nature of their involvement
is evident from cl II which sets out in clear and unequivocal language that
the parties are indeed the Defendant and JX, in their capacities as
controlling shareholders of Scibois, and JESOIL and the Plaintiff
respectively. The choice of the words used to describe them makes interesting
reading – as regards the Defendant, “the exclusive decision-making right over
[the] external affairs of SCIBOIS”, and as regards JX, “the right to finalise
decisions on the external affairs of [the Plaintiff]”. The use of such
language in a clause which describes the background of the parties to the
agreements in detail seems to me to be a clear pointer as to why JX and the
Defendant were intended as parties – these were agreements intended to
regulate the conduct of the controlling shareholders of the Scibois and the
Plaintiff on the transaction that was contemplated under the FAA to be
encapsulated in a sale and purchase agreement. It must be remembered that the
SA1 was executed at about the same time as the FAA. The fact that JESOIL was
named in the SA1 as a “party” and not the FAA would strengthen the view that
the former was intended to regulate the relationship of the controlling
shareholders of the Plaintiff and Scibois.

103 Although Scibois was named as “Party A” to the SA1 and the SA2, there is
no reason for Scibois to be a party to the transaction as it is merely the
target company. The reference to “Party A” would only make sense if it is a
reference to the Defendant. This must also be the Defendant’s position; if
Scibois (and not the Defendant personally) was party to the SA1 and the SA2,
the Defendant would not be able to rely on cl IV(1)(C) in the SA2. As a
corollary of the Defendant’s position, “Party B” would refer to JX and not the
Plaintiff or JESOIL.

104 I turn next to the relationship between the FAA and the SA1. The FAA was a
document that was prepared in both English and Mandarin. The Defendant
conceded that he was aware of the terms of the FAA when he executed it. 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

NE 6 August 2015, pg 56.

He was aware that it was a document prepared for the purpose of a public
announcement because the Plaintiff is a listed company. 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

NE 6 August 2015, pg 65.

According to the Defendant:

(a) he was given a draft of the FAA on or about 8 March 2014; 58

##### Foot Note 58

×

Defendant’s AEIC, para 19.

(b) discussions on the SA1 took place between 28 March 2014 and 4 April 2014;
59

##### Foot Note 59

×

Defendant’s AEIC, para 23.

(c) JX had proposed that he and the Defendant set out the various terms that
had been agreed between them notwithstanding that the FAA was planned to be
executed; 60

##### Foot Note 60

×

Defendant’s AEIC, para 24.

and

(d) thereafter, several drafts of the SA1 were prepared and negotiated on
resulting in the final version being agreed upon and printed on 4 April 2014.
61

##### Foot Note 61

×

Defendant’s AEIC, para 27.

105 The Defendant would therefore have had a draft of the FAA when the various
drafts of the SA1 were being prepared. Bearing in mind that the SA1 and the
FAA pertained to the same transaction, I make three observations. First, if
the SA1 and the FAA were meant to be between the same parties, why was there a
need to document the terms that were agreed between the Defendant and JX in
the SA1, a separate agreement, when the easier and obvious thing to do would
be to reflect them in the FAA? The FAA was prepared by lawyers, and the
Defendant and JX could have required the lawyers to work their agreement into
the terms of the FAA. The Defendant offered no explanation as to why the terms
of the SA1 were not worked into the FAA if it was to be between the same
parties. Indeed, that would have been the proper thing to do given that it was
known that the FAA was required for the purpose of announcement to the market
and to satisfy regulatory requirements. In this regard, cl 2.4(a) of the FAA
expressly makes the transaction subject to the approval of shareholders and
the Plaintiff’s board of directors. 62

##### Foot Note 62

×

1PB226.

Any suggestion by JX to document in a private document (ie, the SA1) terms
which ought to be in the document that was to be approved by the shareholders
of and directors of the Plaintiff and disclosed to the public (ie, the FAA)
ought to have been met with suspicion. It would surely have immediately raised
in the Defendant’s mind the question (and concern) of whether those private
terms would bind the Plaintiff. In this regard, an announcement of the FAA and
its terms was made on 8 April 2014 by the Plaintiff. No reference was made to
the SA1. The Defendant must have known about the announcement but made no
attempt to correct it by insisting that the SA1 be also disclosed as a
supplementary agreement to the FAA. The failure to incorporate the terms of
the SA1 into the FAA is a strong indicator that the SA1 had been entered into
by different parties and was meant to serve a different purpose.

106 Secondly, while there is language in the SA1 that suggests the parties to
the SA1 and the FAA are the same, assessed against the backdrop of the
objective evidence, the conclusion is in fact that the parties did not intend
that. I set out the said language of the SA1 (which is also found in the SA2)
here:

III. Content of cooperation

Upon friendly negotiation, the two parties hereto have reached a consensus
regarding the joint issuance of Islamic debentures in Malaysia … In order to
meet and conform to the requisite conditions for issuing Islamic debentures,
the two parties entered into the Framework Acquisition Agreement with regard
to the acquisition and selling of Scibois equity. …

…

The two parties undertake: to mutually abide by and strictly perform the
supplementary agreement of the Framework Acquisition Agreement!

This supplementary agreement shall be deemed an inalienable part of the
Framework Acquisition Agreement and shall have the same legal effect!

[emphasis added]

However, despite the reference to the FAA, the fact is that YN was not a
signatory to the SA1 despite being a signatory to the FAA. Given that YN was a
significant transferor and transferee under the FAA, and the Defendant’s son,
omitting his name from the SA1 must have been deliberate. In this regard, I
note that YN was present when the FAA when executed on 6 April 2014, which was
also the date when the SA1 was executed. YN could very well have been included
in the SA1 if the Defendant so desired. This provides a clear indication that
the Defendant and JX did not intend the parties to the FAA and the SA1 to be
the same.

107 Third, although the SA1 and the FAA pertained to the same transaction,
there were material differences in the terms of both agreements. Under the
FAA, YN and the Defendant were to transfer 51% of their equity in Scibois to
the Plaintiff in two tranches of 20% and 31% respectively. Consideration for
the second tranche was the payment of US$30m on a date to be agreed (see cl
2.3(b)(ii) of the FAA). Thus, at the end of the transaction, the Plaintiff
would hold 51% of the equity in Scibois. However, cl IV(2)(A) and (B) of the
SA1 provided for something quite different. Clause IV(2)(A) provided for a
price adjustment or a return of 20% of Scibois’ shares if payment was not made
by 31 May 2014. This date was amended to 15 July 2014 under the SA2. Clause
IV(2)(B) further provided that 11% of Scibois’s shares that were to be
transferred under the second tranche would be held on trust by the Plaintiff
for the Defendant. These are materially different terms from those in the FAA.
Given that the transaction that was being approved by the Plaintiff’s board
and shareholders and being announced to the market was that which was set out
in the FAA, it is implausible that parties would have regarded the SA1 as
binding on the Plaintiff.

108 The above suggests that the SA1 was intended to be a private agreement
between the controlling shareholders of Scibois and JES, namely the Defendant
and JX respectively. It was meant to dictate how each was to conduct himself
as regards certain aspects of the transaction in order to ensure that the
ultimate objective of raising RMB1b in proceeds through the Islamic bond issue
would be achieved.

109 Finally, I will address the Defendant’s argument that JX, by affixing
Plaintiff’s stamp in multiple places on the SA1 and the SA2, signified his
intention that the Plaintiff was a party to both agreements. I find this to be
a difficult argument to accept for two reasons. First, affixing the
Plaintiff’s stamp does not change the complexion of the language used by the
Defendant to describe the parties in cl II. Surely, the easiest thing to do,
if the Defendant did intend the Plaintiff to be bound by the SA2 would be to
amend cl I and II of the same to make that clear rather than rely on JX’s act
of affixing the Plaintiff’s stamp. These were after all documents crafted by
the Defendant. Second, the Defendant was well aware of the importance of the
FAA from the perspective of corporate governance and regulatory requirements.
The terms of the transaction had to be approved by the Plaintiff’s board,
announced to the market, and approved by its shareholders to bind the
Plaintiff, given its listed status. An announcement was made on 8 April 2014
which made no reference to the SA1. This being the case, the mere fact that JX
applied the Plaintiff’s stamp repeatedly or otherwise does not make the SA1
(or for that matter the SA2) binding on the Plaintiff.

110 Given these circumstances, I find on a balance of probabilities that the
Defendant and JX intended the SA1 to be an agreement between the two of them
in their capacities as controlling shareholders and effective decision makers
of the Plaintiff and Scibois. The purpose of the SA1 was to regulate their
conduct with regard to the transaction contemplated by the FAA.

111 The Defendant’s position is that the SA2 served to amend the terms of the
SA1 by the inclusion of cl IV(1)(C) and the amendment of the dates for
performance of the various transfer of shares contemplated therein. In other
words, the parties remained the same. Hence, my conclusion on the parties to
the SA1 applies with equal force to the SA2.

112 In the event that I am wrong on my conclusion concerning the intention of
JX and the Defendant, I also find that JX did not have authority (whether
actual or apparent) to enter into the SA1 (and the SA2) on the Plaintiff’s
behalf. On the issue of actual authority, no evidence has been led by the
Defendant to show that JX was in fact authorised by the Plaintiff to enter
into the SA1 or the SA2 on the Plaintiff’s behalf. Any argument on apparent or
ostensible authority must also fail as the Defendant quite clearly knew that
JX required regulatory, board and shareholder approval for the transactions
being contemplated under the FAA (which are in substance the same transactions
contemplated under the SA1 and the SA2) (see [105] above). In his AEIC, the
Defendant stated that he “assumed that [JX] had the authority to make the
decisions … on [the Plaintiff’s] behalf” [emphasis added]. 63

##### Foot Note 63

×

Yang Shushan’s AEIC, para 30 and 58.

A baseless assumption made by the Defendant is not sufficient to establish
apparent or ostensible authority. The law requires there to be a relevant
representation on the part of the Plaintiff, and reliance on the part of the
Defendant. In relying on the representation made, the Defendant must act
reasonably; the Defendant will fail if he is put on inquiry and unreasonably
failed to make the necessary inquiries about JX’s authority (see Skandinaviska
Enskilda Banken AB (Publ), Singapore Branch v Asia Pacific Breweries
(Singapore) Pte Ltd and another and another suit [2009] 4 SLR(R) 788
(“Skandinaviska”) at [173]).

113 The evidence does not show that the Plaintiff had made any express
representation that JX was able to contract on the Plaintiff’s behalf. It may
be argued that the Plaintiff made a representation by placing JX in a position
as Chairman and Chief Executive Officer where he had “usual authority” to
contract on the Plaintiff’s behalf. “Usual authority” has been defined as “the
authority which a person normally possesses in certain circumstances to act on
behalf of another person, whether or not he is actually authorised to act”
(see Bowstead and Reynolds at para 3-005). However, even if there was such a
representation made on the part of the Plaintiff, the doctrine of apparent
authority would nevertheless be inapplicable as there was no operative
reliance or inducement on the Defendant’s part. By the Defendant’s own
evidence, he knew that certain formalities were required for the transaction
as the Plaintiff was a listed company. 64

##### Foot Note 64

×

See, eg, NE 5 August 2015, page 67-68; 6 August 2015, page 64-65, 74.

It must be recalled that the Defendant is a seasoned businessman and not a
babe in the woods. Given these circumstances, it was not reasonable for the
Defendant to rely solely on JX’s position as Chairman and Chief Executive
Officer in assuming that JX had the authority to execute the SA1 and the SA2
on behalf of the Plaintiff without obtaining further approval for the
transaction. Instead, the Defendant ought to have made further inquiries as to
whether JX had the authority to bind the Plaintiff (if indeed JX had
represented to the Defendant that he did) in his execution of the SA1 and the
SA2, for example, by requesting for written evidence of approval from the
Plaintiff’s board of directors. That he did not do.

114 Ultimately, there could only be one agreement between the Plaintiff and
the Defendant. That was the agreement that was to be placed before the
Plaintiff’s board and shareholders for approval and announced to the markets.
That agreement was not the SA2. The Defendant knew this. Thus, I find that the
SA1 and the SA2 do not bind the Plaintiff.

What is the impact of the SA2 on the 23 May SPA?

115 What then is the impact of the SA2 on the 23 May SPA? My conclusion on the
parties to the SA2 would lead to the further conclusion that the SA2 does not
bind the Plaintiff. Accordingly, cl IV(1)(C) of the SA2, ought not to bind the
Plaintiff. However, does the fact that the SA2 and the 23 May SPA were
executed in or around the same time lead to an alternative conclusion? I am of
the firm view that it does not.

116 The transaction as contemplated under the FAA was for the issue and
allotment of new shares in the Plaintiff to YN and the Defendant in
consideration for the transfer of the first tranche of 20% of the equity in
Scibois (see cl 2.3(b)(i) of the FAA). However, subsequently, a critical
change was made to this aspect of the transaction for reasons that are not
clear. I have canvassed in detail the substance of the change at [25] above.
The change in the structure of the transaction from the FAA to the 23 May SPA
brought about the introduction of the Moratorium in the 23 May SPA. It also
precipitated a reaction from the Defendant.

117 That the Moratorium and the Moratorium Undertaking were brought to
Defendant’s attention by the documents is apparent from the documents that I
had examined in the discussion on YN and the Defendant’s knowledge of the
same. As a result, the complexion of the transaction as regards the
Defendant’s ability to deal with the Plaintiff’s shares had changed. In my
view, this prompted the Defendant to introduce cl IV(1)(C) in the SA2.

118 However, the fact that the Defendant made the change to the SA2 rather
than the 23 May SPA where the Moratorium and the Moratorium Undertaking
resided is critical. The Defendant was well aware that:

(a) The 23 May SPA was the transaction that was contemplated by the FAA.
Clause 2.1 of the FAA stipulates both in English and Mandarin that the parties
to the FAA “shall use their best endeavours to negotiate and enter into a
definitive sale and purchase agreement in relation to the Proposed
Acquisition”. The Defendant conceded that the 23 May SPA, and not the SA2, was
that agreement.

(b) The transaction encapsulated in the 23 May SPA was the transaction that
was to be submitted for approval to the SGX and the Plaintiff’s board of
directors and shareholders, as well as be announced to the public. This would
include the Moratorium and the Moratorium Undertaking.

(c) The 23 May SPA was crafted by lawyers in accordance with the legal and
regulatory requirements.

In these circumstances, that the Defendant did not see fit to work into cl 5.4
of the 23 May SPA cl IV(1)(C) of the SA2 suggests to me that cl (IV)(1)(C) was
deliberately kept out of the 23 May SPA. The Defendant had every opportunity
to introduce the said clause in the 23 May SPA in the course of the
negotiations that led to the 23 May SPA. He clearly had cl IV(1)(C) in mind,
and yet he did not make the change to the 23 May SPA. Additionally, the
Defendant testified that the SA2 was shown to YN when the 23 May SPA was
placed before him for execution. YN was well aware then that the Moratorium
and the Moratorium Undertaking were part of the 23 May SPA. He would have
reviewed the SA2 and would surely have highlighted the inconsistency between
cl IV(1)(C), and the Moratorium and the Moratorium Undertaking in the 23 May
SPA. Yet there was no reaction from either him or the Defendant. The
inexorable conclusion is that the Defendant consciously chose to keep the said
clause out of the 23 May SPA. If it was deliberately kept out of the 23 May
SPA, which was the agreement that parties had agreed under the FAA would be
executed, it would seem difficult for the Defendant to sustain an argument
that cl IV(1)(C) was part of the agreement between the Defendant, YN and the
Plaintiff.

119 During the course of the trial, every opportunity was given for the
Defendant to explain away these troubling points. However, apart from alleging
that JX told him to disregard the 23 May SPA as it was a document required by
the lawyers and the regulators, he offered no explanation. In his closing
submissions, the Defendant made the quite shocking submission that: 65

##### Foot Note 65

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions, para 49.

[I]n any event, as between parties, the [SA2] was at all times meant to be and
was the operative and prevailing agreement between the Plaintiff and the
Defendant, with the [23 May SPA] serving only a very limited and narrow
legalistic and “official” purpose and formality, that is, for the Plaintiff’s
use in connection with SGX requirements including getting the share transfer
lodged with CDP [ie, the Central Depository] and the public announcement on
the transaction to be made at the Plaintiff’s end which did not involve the
Defendant. …

Quite what this submission means and how it can be reconciled with the
evidence is difficult to comprehend. It does suggest that the Defendant does
not have a credible response to these questions.

120 Assessing the evidence as whole, I conclude that:

(a) the SA2 was an agreement between JX and the Defendant as controlling
shareholder and moving spirits of the Plaintiff and Scibois;

(b) the 23 May SPA does not incorporate and is not subject to the SA2; and

(c) the SA2 is not an agreement, and by extension cl IV(1)(C) is not an
obligation, that binds the Plaintiff.

121 Obviously, concluding as I have raises the question of why cl IV(1)(C) was
consciously and deliberately worked into the SA2 by the Defendant. One
plausible reason is that the Defendant did not want to take a risk with the
transaction by introducing a variation to the Moratorium when it was important
to the SIC (as evidenced from the request for the SIC Undertaking). The
evidence suggests that the idea of unlocking the value of the Concession
through the issuance of Islamic bonds by the Plaintiff originated from the
Defendant. Obviously there was a huge personal gain for him in ensuring that
the idea materialised. The evidence also makes clear that the Defendant wanted
the transaction concluded quickly so that the Islamic bonds could be issued
and the proceeds received expeditiously. The documentary evidence showed that
he had, on several occasions, nudged and prodded the transaction forward (see
[14]–[15] above). Interfering with the Moratorium could possibly have thrown a
major spanner in the works. However, given my conclusion on the parties to the
SA2 and the effect of cl IV(1)(C) vis-à-vis the Plaintiff, I do not have to
decide this issue.

122 Finally, for completeness, I should address the Plaintiff’s submission
that the SA2 was superseded by 23 May SPA. The submission was along the
following lines. The SA2 was executed on 22 May 2014 by JX and the Defendant.
At that time, JX was agreeable to cl IV(1)(C). However, when it came to the
execution of the 23 May SPA on 23 May 2014, JX changed his mind on cl
IV(1)(C). I find this submission completely contrived and reject it for
several reasons.

123 First, it is clear from the Statement of Claim and JX’s AEIC that his
position is that the SA2 and the 23 May SPA were both executed on the same
day, ie, 23 May 2014, albeit that the SA2 was executed in the morning and the
23 May SPA in the afternoon. It was only in the course of cross-examination
that JX offered the date of 22 May 2014. He was not able to explain the
inconsistency.

124 Second, the allegation that he changed his mind on cl IV(1)(C) is not
found in JX’s AEIC. I would have imagined that something as fundamental as
this would have been specifically mentioned.

125 Third, if indeed JX had a change of mind as regards cl IV(1)(C), why was
no attempt made to delete it from the SA2? It must be noted that JX’s alleged
change of mind was only as regards the said clause and not the SA2 in its
entirety. That being the case, JX ought to have proposed excising the portion
that was no longer applicable. That was not done.

126 Fourth, JX must have been aware in May 2014 that the execution of a sale
and purchase agreement was imminent that month. Certainly, by 19 May 2014, JY
knew that the Defendant and YN were planning to execute the SPA very shortly.
It is only fair to assume that she would have told JX. Clearly, one of the
primary reasons why the Defendant travelled to JX’s office on 22 May 2014 was
to execute the SPA. This is evident from the email that YN sent to JY on 22
May 2014. 66

##### Foot Note 66

×

2PB351.

It is therefore difficult to believe that JX would have signed the SA2 first
when he would have been aware that the 23 May SPA was to be signed in or
around the same time.

127 Fifth and most importantly, JX must have been fully aware of the terms of
the 23 May SPA and therefore the Moratorium and the Moratorium Undertaking
therein, before he signed the SA2. He must also have been fully aware on 22
May 2014 that the execution of the 23 May SPA was to take place the next day
at the very latest. 67

##### Foot Note 67

×

2PB351.

In these circumstances, it is incomprehensible that he would have agreed to cl
IV(1)(C) on 22 May 2014 and had a change of heart the very next day.

128 I am therefore of the view that it is more likely that the SA2 and the 23
May SPA were executed at about the same time. I believe that the Plaintiff’s
submission was nothing more than a tenuous attempt to find an alternative
ground for circumventing cl IV(1)(C) of the SA2. It lacks credibility. As
noted earlier, the evidence of the Defendant was that the 23 May SPA was
executed on the 23 May SPA followed immediately by the execution of the SA2. I
accept his evidence to that extent.

What is the implication of the “re-dating” or re-execution of the 23 May SPA
and as the 4 July SPA?

129 It therefore seems clear that cl IV(1)(C) of the SA2 was not part of the
bargain between the Plaintiff and the Defendant. As at 23 May 2014, the terms
of that bargain was encapsulated in the 23 May SPA. However, the Plaintiff’s
cause of action is based on the 4 July SPA. The 4 July SPA is the same
transaction as the 23 May SPA except that the commencement date is later. The
Plaintiff contends that the 23 May SPA was intended to be a confirmation of
the terms of the SPA and the parties did not mean to execute and date the SPA
on 23 May 2014. 68

##### Foot Note 68

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions, para 126–130.

The SPA was not intended to come into effect on 23 May 2014 because the
parties were not ready to perform the obligations therein if the time for
performance commenced from that date. As it had been incorrectly dated 23 May
2014 by JX and the Defendant, it was subsequently agreed that the SPA would be
re-dated and re-executed. That, the Plaintiff asserts, happened on 4 July
2014.

130 On the other hand, the Defendant, while maintaining that the 23 May SPA
served the limited purpose which he ascribes to it, takes the position that he
is not bound by the 4 July SPA for two reasons. First, he did not re-execute
23 May SPA. Second, he did not authorise YN to re-date 23 May SPA and send the
execution page of the 4 July SPA.

131 Several issues arise for consideration:

(a) Was the 23 May SPA intended to be a binding agreement between the
Plaintiff, YN and the Defendant?

(b) Why was the 4 July SPA executed, and what was the effect of that on the 23
May SPA?

(c) Was the Defendant’s signature on the execution page of the 4 July SPA
forged?

(d) Was YN authorised to communicate with the Plaintiff concerning the 4 July
SPA?

(1) Was the 23 May SPA intended to be a binding agreement?

132 It is seems clear to me that the 23 May SPA was intended to be a binding
and effective agreement between the parties. In this regard, I do not accept
the Plaintiff’s position that JX and the Defendant only intended to confirm
the terms of the 23 May SPA when they executed and dated it. The evidence does
not support this.

133 Before I examine the evidence, I make two observations. First, it is not
readily apparent why JX and the Defendant had to meet just to confirm the
terms of the SPA when the same could very well have been done through YN and
JY. After all, YN and JY were negotiating the terms in the lead up to 23 May
2014, and it would be reasonable to presume that JX and the Defendant were
kept abreast of the same. Positions taken in negotiations must have been
cleared with JX and the Defendant. Unless there had been issues that needed to
be ironed out in person, it is difficult to see why there had to be a meeting
between them simply to confirm the terms. In this regard, I note that the
meeting on 23 May 2014 was only between JX and the Defendant, neither of whom
was particularly proficient in English. The document the terms of which they
were purportedly confirming – the 23 May SPA – was in English. This in itself
would suggest that the meeting was not to confirm the terms but to execute an
agreed document.

134 Second, if the meeting was intended merely for the Defendant and JX to
confirm the terms of the SPA, then it is difficult to understand why they
would sign and date it. They would surely have been told by YN and JY not to
sign and date it. With these observations, I now turn to the evidence.

135 In paragraph 50 of her AEIC, JY said that she had told YN not to date the
23 May SPA as there were many steps that needed to be taken by the parties
before performance of the obligations therein could take place. However, the
emails that were exchanged between YN and JY before 23 May 2014 do not support
this assertion.

136 First, YN, in his email dated 19 May 2014 (sent at 12.12am) in reply to
JY’s email of the same date (sent at 11.07pm) attaching a draft of the sale
and purchase agreement, states that the once the Defendant approved the draft,
he and the Defendant would travel to JX’s office to jointly sign the same. In
her response, JY did not tell YN not to sign or date the same.

137 Second, in YN’s email dated 22 May 2014 (sent at 8.15pm) in reply to JY’s
email of the same date enclosing a further draft of the sale and purchase
agreement, he makes it quite clear that the Defendant had requested a soft
copy of the agreement to be sent over to him so that he could print out a copy
for execution that evening or the next morning. JY replied enclosing another
draft with further revisions. 69

##### Foot Note 69

×

2PB350.

JY agreed to print out the document for signing the next day, and made no
mention that the document ought not to be dated. YN’s reply is material. He
accepted the revisions proposed by JY. He sought her assistance to have a copy
printed out for execution by the Defendant and JX that evening or the next
day, and requested her to remind JX to bring along “the company seal”. There
was no reply from JY to state that the meeting was simply for the parties to
confirm the terms of the SPA. This is a clear indication that a binding
agreement was intended with effect from 23 May 2014.

138 Third, when amendments were made to the SA2 by JX and the Defendant at the
meeting on 23 May 2014, the date for exchange of the First Tranche JES Shares
for the First Tranche Scibois Shares was stipulated as 30 May 2014 (see cl
IV(1)(A) of the SA2). Under the 23 May SPA, the deadline for the exchange of
shares in the first tranche was 6 June 2014. The deadline set in cl IV(1)(A)
of the SA2 for the exchange of First Tranche JES Shares was well within the
timeline contemplated under the 23 May SPA. This again suggests that JX and
the Defendant intended a binding agreement on the terms of the 23 May SPA.

139 In paragraph 51 of her AEIC, JY said that when she received the 23 May
SPA, she was dismayed to note that it had been dated. She then contacted YN
and agreed that an identical agreement would be signed once certain
preliminary steps were completed. The emails that were written post 23 May
2014 do not reflect any dismay on her part. In fact, they suggest that JY was
attempting to perform the 23 May SPA.

140 For example, in her email dated 25 May 2014, JY stated that the transfer
of the First Tranche JES Shares would take place once the Defendant advised
the Plaintiff of his securities account number. This would be consistent with
cl 5.1(b) of the 23 May SPA. In the same email, JY said that the transfer of
the First Tranche Scibois Shares would take place upon transfer of the First
Tranche JES shares. Again, this is broadly in line with cl 3.1(a)(i) of the 23
May SPA. The First Tranche Scibois Shares were in fact transferred to the
Plaintiff on 27 May 2014 although the share certificates were held back
pending receipt of the First Tranche JES Shares. Similarly, in her email dated
28 May 2014 (sent at 10.12am), JY stated that once she was notified of the
Defendant’s securities account, the Plaintiff could initiate the share
transfer. 70

##### Foot Note 70

×

2PB435.

The parties were clearly acting under the impression that they had executed a
binding agreement.

141 I am therefore of the view that JX and the Defendant executed and dated
the 23 May SPA intending it to be binding and effective from 23 May 2014.

(2) Why was the 4 July SPA executed and what was the effect of that on the 23
May SPA?

142 There is no difference between the terms of the 23 May SPA and the 4 July
SPA. The structure of both agreements was such that the First Tranche JES
Shares (borrowed from JESOIL under the Share Lending Agreement) were to be
transferred to the Defendant in return for the First Tranche Scibois Shares on
a date within ten business days from the date of the agreement, described in
the agreement as the “Exchange Date”. This was provided certain documents
specified in cl 5.1(a) (including the Moratorium Undertaking) were provided
and the Defendant had notified the Plaintiff within five business day prior to
the Exchange Date of details of his securities account for the purpose of
receiving the First Tranche JES Shares. Accordingly, the date of the agreement
had a direct bearing on the time within which the First Tranche JES Shares
were to be transferred, and the date by which the Defendant ought to notify
the Plaintiff of the details of his securities account.

143 Given that the 23 May SPA was dated 23 May 2014, the latest the Exchange
Date could be under that was 6 June 2014, provided that the Defendant notified
the Plaintiff five business days before that date of his security account
details (ie, by 30 May 2014). However, by 30 May 2014, the Defendant had not
provided details of his securities account. There are emails evidencing
requests from JY to YN for details of the Defendant’s securities account from
as early as 25 May 2014, and replies from YN stating that efforts were being
made to open the account. YN eventually notified JY of the Defendant’s
securities account details in his email on 25 June 2014. 71

##### Foot Note 71

×

2PB443.

By then, the date for exchange of shares on the Exchange Date under the 23 May
SPA had long passed.

144 JY’s email dated 25 June 2014 makes it evident that steps were being taken
to perform the transaction. She specifically said that the transaction was
being submitted to the Plaintiff’s board for approval on 25 June 2014, and
that a public announcement was being planned within the week. The Share
Lending Agreement was thereafter executed on 4 July 2014 in order to
facilitate the transfer of the First Tranche JES Shares. As noted earlier, the
Plaintiff’s inability to transfer the First Tranche JES Shares because of the
Defendant’s failure to open a securities account caused YN to withhold release
of the Scibois share certificates to the Plaintiff, notwithstanding that the
First Tranche Scibois Shares had been transferred to and registered in the
Plaintiff’s name on 27 May 2014. The said certificates were only released to
the Plaintiff after the First Tranche JES Shares were transferred to the
Defendant’s securities account. All of this is consistent with the intention
of the parties to recalibrate the timelines for the performance of the SPA.

145 It therefore is obvious that, due to the Defendant’s failure to notify the
Plaintiff details of his securities account, a new commencement date for the
SPA needed to be set. The route taken was to execute on 4 July 2014 a fresh
contract on the same terms as the 23 May SPA. This gave birth to the 4 July
SPA.

146 The parties describe this event as a re-dating and re-execution of the 23
May SPA. In my view, it would a misnomer to describe it as such. In substance,
a fresh contract on the same terms as the 23 May SPA came into being on or
about 4 July 2014 when the parties signed a clean execution page, an act which
the parties have described as “re-execution”. The purported “re-dating” of the
23 May SPA was in fact an agreement on when the new effective commencement
date of the SPA would be. The birth of the 4 July SPA resulted in the
rescission of the 23 May SPA.

(3) Was the Defendant’s signature on the execution page of the 4 July SPA
forged?

147 The Defendant submits that his signature on the execution page of the 4
July SPA was taken by the Plaintiff from his original inked signature on the
23 May SPA and superimposed on the 4 July SPA. It is alleged that this is an
act of forgery by the Plaintiff. On this basis, the Defendant asserts that he
is not bound by the 4 July SPA. The Defendant also alleges that the Plaintiff
had fabricated two emails which YN had purportedly sent to JY. The first is an
email dated 4 July 2014 with a timestamp of 12.24pm. This email, which is
written in English, states: 72

##### Foot Note 72

×

2PB453.

Dear Audrey:

Confirmed the signing date of the contract between shareholders of SCIBOIS
CO., LTD and JES international holding limited is 4th July 2014.

Yanic YANG

4th July 2014

148 The second email was sent from YN’s account to JY. While there is no
content in this email, an image of the execution page of the SPA with YN’s and
the Defendant’s signatures thereon (“the Execution Page Email”) was an
attachment to it. 73

##### Foot Note 73

×

2PB456-457.

The Defendant testified that YN had told him sometime after 15 July 2014 that
he had sent two emails to JY on 4 July 2014 which contained two attachments.
The Defendant produced two exhibits on the stand which he stated were the
original attachments to the emails. However, he was unable or unwilling to
produce the emails that YN had purportedly sent which attached the said two
exhibits. It is in respect of these exhibits that I made my comments above at
[51] about the Defendant deliberately flouting his discovery obligations.

149 I do not accept the Defendant’s evidence for a number of reasons. First,
apart from the Defendant’s wanton disregard for his discovery obligations, I
drew an adverse inference against the Defendant for failing to call YN as a
witness. Indeed, YN would be the person best placed to give evidence on
whether he had sent the two emails above on 4 July 2014, or whether the
signatures on the attachment to the Execution Page Email were forged. The
Defendant’s failure to call YN leads me to infer that YN’s evidence in this
regard would have been unfavourable to the Defendant.

150 Second, the Defendant’s case on fabrication and forgery is inconsistent
with his affidavits and pleadings. In an affidavit affirmed on 22 December
2014, the Defendant deposed that:

51\. I categorically state that I did not sign another Sale and Purchase
Agreement on 4 July 2014.

52\. I certainly am not aware of Yang Nan sending out the email allegedly on 4
July 2014, stating that the Sale and Purchase Agreement had been signed on 4
July 2014. I also was not aware that Yang Nan sent another email attaching the
signature page allegedly signed by himself and me.

…

54\. I have not authorised him to sign the 2nd Sale and Purchase Agreement on
my behalf. I am not aware of what he had done. …

[emphasis added]

151 The suggestion here is that YN had forged the Defendant’s signature. The
Defendant’s position at trial was that it was the Plaintiff who had forged the
signatures and emails. The two positions are inconsistent. The allegation at
trial also departs from the Defendant’s pleaded case. In the Defence, it was
stated:

The [SA2] was signed on the same day as the SPA i.e. on 23 May 2014. After the
SPA was signed, parties proceeded to sign the [SA2]. The Defendant denies that
the SPA was signed on 4 July 2014. Throughout, the negotiations were primarily
conducted between the Plaintiff’s Jin Xin and the Defendant. The Defendant did
not give Yang Nan authority whether express or implied, to re-date the SPA
and/or send the SPA to the Plaintiff. The Defendant also did not re-sign the
SPA at any point in time after 23 May 2014.

152 The assertion here is that the Defendant did not re-execute the 23 May SPA
or authorise YN to re-date the 23 May SPA and to send it to the Plaintiff.
Implicit in this plea is the suggestion that YN had forged the Defendant’s
signature on the execution page and had re-dated and sent the 23 May SPA to
the Plaintiff as the 4 July SPA. It is pertinent that the Defendant testified
that he had discovered the alleged fraud sometime in October 2014. 74

##### Foot Note 74

×

NE 12 August 2015, pg 53.

There is therefore no reason for this allegation to have not been raised in
the Defendant’s affidavit of 22 December 2014. Also, despite referring to a
purported forensics report of one Liu Jian Wei from the Fada Institute of
Medicine and Science in Beijing to the effect that the signatures of YN and
the Defendant on the execution page attached to the Execution Page Email were
photocopied and superimposed, the Defendant did not call the said Liu as a
witness.

153 Third, the conduct of YN and the Defendant after 4 July 2014 is consistent
with the re-dating of the 23 May SPA as the 4 July SPA. There was a public
announcement by the Plaintiff on 4 July 2014 which expressly stated that the
relevant agreement was the 4 July SPA. The Defendant did not attempt to
correct the announcement. In her email dated 7 July 2014 to YN (sent at
11.33am), JY made reference to that announcement and the 4 July SPA, and
requested that various obligations under cl 5.1 of the 4 July SPA be
performed. 75

##### Foot Note 75

×

2PB524.

There was no dispute or challenge from YN or the Defendant and performance of
cl 5.1 in fact took place save that the Defendant and YN refused to execute
the Moratorium Undertaking.

154 There is an aspect of the evidence that might possibly support the
Defendant’s position. It concerns a dinner between JX, JY, JX’s wife and the
Defendant at a restaurant in Singapore. When that meeting took place was hotly
disputed. JX and JY asserted that it took place on 3 July 2014. The Defendant
stated that it occurred on 4 July 2014. If the Defendant is correct, it would
be strange that YN would on 4 July 2014 send the execution page purportedly
signed by the Defendant by way of the Execution Page Email. It would have been
more logical for JX or JY to have procured the Defendant’s signature in person
on 4 July 2014. However, JY and JX’s evidence on the date of the dinner is
corroborated by a bill for the dinner which makes it evident that the dinner
took place on 3 July 2014 and involved four persons. 76

##### Foot Note 76

×

2PB448.

However, confirming that the date was 3 July 2014 does not fully answer all
the doubts. JY testified that at this dinner, she told the Defendant about the
need to execute the agreement on 4 July 2014 as the public announcement of the
transaction was to be made then, and reminded the Defendant of the Moratorium.
If the agreement was to be executed on 4 July 2014, surely the sensible thing
to do was for the Defendant to sign it in person the next day. A plausible
explanation would be that the Defendant was travelling on 4 July 2014. 77

##### Foot Note 77

×

The Defendant’s affidavit dated 22 September 2014, para 77.

Ultimately, any doubts which this dinner meeting raised are insufficient to
displace the conclusion I have drawn.

155 The Defendant submitted that the burden was on the Plaintiff to produce
the original 4 July SPA and prove the signature on the document to be his
given that the he had challenged the authenticity of the document. The case of
Yeoh Wee Liat v Wong Lock Chee and another suit [2013] 4 SLR 508 (“Yeoh Wee
Liat”) was cited in support. Yeoh Wee Liat does not assist the Defendant. The
situation there was quite different. The party, Phuah, who had purportedly
witnessed the share forms which the plaintiff sought to disprove, was the
officer of the plaintiff. The court held that the burden was on the defendant
to produce the original share transfer form to prove that the signature
therein was Phuah’s (at [31]). In the present case, however, the Plaintiff’s
case is premised not on an original signed document, but the signed execution
page of the agreement which had purportedly been sent by YN to JY by way of
the Execution Page Email. Prima facie, that shows that the Defendant and YN
had executed the 4 July SPA and conveyed their assent by forwarding the
execution page as an attachment to the Execution Page Email. It is for the
Defendant, who alleges that the signatures were forged, to prove otherwise.
Crucially, as the Defendant has failed to call YN as a witness or otherwise
show that the email evidence had been tampered with, he is unable to prove
this.

156 In these circumstances, absent a credible explanation from the Defendant,
my conclusion, on the balance of probabilities, is that the emails and the
attachments which YN had sent to JY on 4 July 2014 are authentic.

(4) YN’s authority as regards the 4 July SPA

157 Given that it was YN who had communicated to JY the Defendant’s assent to
the 4 July SPA, the question is whether YN was authorised to do so.

158 The “re-dating” of the 23 May SPA as the 4 July SPA was necessitated by
the Defendant’s failure to provide his securities account details in time. The
transaction and the terms of both transactions were exactly the same. The “re-
dating” did nothing more than to signify a new commencement date for a
transaction that the Plaintiff and the Defendant had agreed to be bound by on
23 May 2014 with the execution and dating of the 23 May SPA. The parties had
also manifested a commitment to perform the 23 May SPA by taking steps towards
doing so. When performance of the 23 May SPA in accordance with its terms
became impossible because of the Defendant’s delay, it is axiomatic that the
parties would have wanted to “re-date” the agreement, a mere formality, to
facilitate the performance of the transaction. I have held above at [68] that
YN was authorised to negotiate with the Plaintiff on the Defendant’s behalf
and to take all steps necessary to ensure that the transaction came to
fruition. Given YN’s role in negotiating the transaction and facilitating
performance of the 23 May SPA, it would be a natural and logical extension of
his role for YN to have the authority to communicate the Defendant’s assent to
the 4 July SPA. Such authority would arise by necessary implication from the
clear authorisation he had to ensure that the first tranche of the transaction
was performed. I note that the Defendant has accepted that YN was authorised
to facilitate performance of the transaction. That such authority can arise by
implication is supported by Skandinaviska at [42] which states that actual
authority can arise by implication where it is a necessary incident of the
task that the agent has been authorised to perform. In this regard, the fact
that YN is a co-signatory of the 23 May SPA only strengthens the conclusion
that YN had actual authority to communicate the Defendant’s assent to the “re-
dating” of the 23 May SPA to the Plaintiff.

159 Further, I find that the Defendant’s conduct after the 23 May SPA was
executed amounted to a representation that YN had the authority to communicate
the Defendant’s assent to the re-dating of the 23 May SPA as the 4 July SPA.
This includes the fact that the Defendant had allowed YN to (a) send the duly
executed SIC Undertaking on 27 May 2014; 78

##### Foot Note 78

×

2PB424.

and, (b) inform the Plaintiff of his securities account number. The fact that
the Defendant permitted YN to facilitate the performance of the 23 May SPA, or
at the very least acquiesced in YN’s conduct in this regard, cloaked YN with
the authority to communicate the Defendant’s agreement to the re-execution of
the 4 July SPA. In the alternative, the representations also lead to the
conclusion that the Defendant is estopped from denying YN’s agency. It is
clear that the Plaintiff relied on YN’s authority as the Plaintiff proceeded
to (a) announce the execution of the 4 July SPA to the market and (b) transfer
the First Tranche JES Shares to the Defendant. The Defendant, being a savvy
businessman, would have had sight of the public announcement. Yet he did
nothing to dispel the Plaintiff’s belief that it had entered into the 4 July
SPA with the Defendant. It is disingenuous of him to now disavow the 4 July
SPA after having received the benefit thereunder in the form of the First
Tranche JES Shares.

Conclusion

160 For the reasons stated above, I am of the view that the Moratorium in the
4 July SPA governs the Defendant’s dealings with the First Tranche JES Shares.

Did the Defendant breach the Moratorium?

161 In light of my conclusion that the 4 July SPA is binding on the Defendant,
the next question I will consider is whether the Defendant has breached the
Moratorium.

The ambit of the Moratorium

162 Under the Moratorium, the Defendant undertook to “observe a moratorium …
on the transfer or disposal of all his interest in” the JES Consideration
Shares. For purpose of this action, only the First Tranche JES Shares are
relevant. The Defendant submits the term “transfer and disposal” carries the
plain and ordinary meaning that “there must be an absolute and final transfer
or sale of the Defendant’s interest in the shares by the Defendant”. 79

##### Foot Note 79

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions, para 168.

A pledge or mortgage of shares is not covered by the term.

163 On the other hand, the Plaintiff contends that the Moratorium in cl 5.4
must be read with the Moratorium Undertaking in Appendix 3. If read together,
the Moratorium does not permit the Defendant to “dispose of, realise, transfer
or assign” the relevant shares. This means that the shares cannot be sold
during the period of the moratorium.

164 I do not accept the Defendant’s submission that the Moratorium in cl 5.4
is limited to prohibiting the “transfer and disposal” of the relevant shares.
I prefer the Plaintiff’s submission that the Moratorium in cl 5.4 ought to be
read with the Moratorium Undertaking to ascertain the scope of the Moratorium.
The Moratorium Undertaking fleshes out what is meant by the “transfer and
disposal” of the shares. In my view, that surely must have been the intention
of the parties for if otherwise, there would be two provisions which regulate
the Defendant’s dealings with the JES Consideration Shares – one under the
Moratorium in cl 5.4 and the other under the Moratorium Undertaking. It is
axiomatic that when terms in the contract are interpreted, the approach is
both textual and contextual. It is an accepted principle of the construction
of contracts that the whole contract is to be considered in the interpretation
of specific terms (see Zurich Insurance (Singapore) Pte Ltd v B-Gold Interior
Design & Construction Pte Ltd [2008] 3 SLR(R) 1029 at [131]). As was stated by
Lord Ellenborough in Barton v Fitzgerald (1812) 15 East 530 at 541:

[T]he sense and meaning of the parties in any particular part of an instrument
may be collected ex antecedentibus et consequentibus [ie, from what goes on
before and from what follows]; every part of it may be brought into action in
order to collect from the whole one uniform and constant sense, if that may be
done.

The entire document ought to be examined to understand the precise meaning
that should be attributed to a term. The Moratorium in cl 5.4 must therefore
be read together with the Moratorium Undertaking. The phrase “transfer or
disposal” found in cl 5.4 would also include a prohibition on the disposal,
realisation or transfer of the relevant shares.

165 A term with a phrase similar to that found in the Moratorium Undertaking
was considered by the Court of Appeal in Pacrim. The clause there imposed a
moratorium on the “sale, assignment or disposal” of the shares following
completion of the transaction. The issue before the court was whether an
equitable mortgage of shares by a pledge of share certificates accompanied by
duly signed share transfers was in breach of the moratorium. The Court of
Appeal held that it did not. It is instructive to note what the court said (at
[22]):

In our view, the meanings of the words “assign” and “dispose of” in cl 9 of
the Acquisition Agreement should be construed in the context of what a
moratorium on transfers of shares in the securities market is normally
intended to achieve, with particular regard to the specific context in which
the Moratorium was given in the present case (viz, as part of the Acquisition
Agreement). Looking at the scheme of the Acquisition Agreement and its express
terms, we found nothing in cl 9 that was intended to prevent Poh and Cho from
utilising their economic resources, viz, the Consideration Shares, so long as
such use was not inconsistent with the objectives of cl 9. In our view,
therefore, the equitable mortgage of the Consideration Shares could not be
considered to be an “assignment” or a “disposal” for the purposes of cl 9 of
the Acquisition Agreement. There was nothing in the agreement as a whole that
justified giving such an unnecessarily broad interpretation to these words. As
we identified earlier … , the purpose of this clause was to restrict Poh and
Cho from dealing with the Consideration Shares in such a way that they could
be sold on SESDAQ within the Moratorium Period. Whilst a sale of the
Consideration Shares within the Moratorium Period would clearly be a breach of
cl 9 of the Acquisition Agreement, an assignment (whether legal or equitable)
would not be a breach unless it amounted to a sale of those shares or unless
it enabled the assignee to sell the shares in the market during the Moratorium
Period. An assignment may be legal or equitable in form, according to the
nature of the property involved, but it is the substance of the transaction
that is relevant. The transaction may have the effect of either transferring
all rights in the property in question absolutely or merely creating a
security interest in such property. In our view, the term “assign” in cl 9 of
the Acquisition Agreement bears the former meaning. Likewise, the words
“dispose of” in this clause should be interpreted in the same way as “assign”.

[emphasis added]

166 Accordingly, particular regard must be given to the specific context in
which the Moratorium was given. I had earlier examined the purpose and
specific context of the Moratorium as regards the First Tranche JES Shares at
[42]–[48] above. In my view, a primary purpose of the Moratorium was to
prohibit any act that could potentially impact, impair or compromise the
Defendant’s ability to return the First Tranche JES Shares if the transaction
was unwound or if JESOIL demanded the return of the same. The Plaintiff had
intended to transfer the shares only as “a gesture of good faith”, subject to
cl 5.4 and the provisions of the Moratorium Undertaking. Pending completion,
the shares were to be kept in a specific “moratorium account” to be opened by
the Defendant. In other words, the intention was for the shares to be “locked
up” at least pending completion. The facts in Pacrim were quite different. The
moratorium there applied to shares that were transferred upon completion and
there was no specific context to be taken into account to add gloss and colour
to the language used. Seen in this light, any disposal of the First Tranche
JES Shares would arguably be a breach of the Moratorium. The disposal does not
necessarily have to be a permanent transfer of interest. Indeed, it is
certainly arguable that a “pledge” or a “mortgage” of the JES Shares would be
caught by the Moratorium. However, as will be apparent for the reasons below,
I do not have to consider this issue given that the breach relied on by the
Plaintiff is the transfer of the Collateral Shares under the Collateral
Security Agreement.

The nature of the Collateral Security Agreement

167 It is common ground that:

(a) 30,000,000 of the First Tranche JES Shares were transferred to the
Defendant on 6 July 2014, and were thereafter transferred by the Defendant to
the Lender on 11 July 2014, pursuant to the Collateral Security Agreement.

(b) 90,802,800 of the First Tranche JES Shares were transferred to the
Defendant on 20 July 2014 of which 30,000,000 shares were transferred by the
Defendant to the Lender on 23 July 2014, pursuant to the Collateral Security
Agreement.

(c) In total, 60,000,000 of the First Tranche JES Shares (ie, the Collateral
Shares) were transferred by the Defendant to the Lender pursuant to the
Collateral Security Agreement.

168 As noted earlier, details of the Lender under the Collateral Security
Agreement were redacted and Defendant refused to disclose the same. The law of
the United States of America was the chosen law of the agreement. However,
parties led no evidence on how the agreement ought to be construed in light of
US law and proceeded to make submission on its effect as if the agreement were
governed by Singapore law. I have therefore proceeded to examine the agreement
in the same way as I would an agreement governed by Singapore law. With these
prefatory remarks, I now turn to the parties’ submissions.

169 The Plaintiff submits that the Collateral Security Agreement is in
substance a sale of the Collateral Shares to the Lender with a right of buy-
back given to the Defendant. Accordingly, the Defendant has breached cl 5.4 of
the 4 July SPA (ie, the Moratorium) as well as cl IV(1)(C) of the SA2 if the
SA2 were to apply. On the other hand, the Defendant makes two alternative
submissions. First, that the Collateral Shares are only pledged or mortgaged
by the Defendant to the Lender under the Collateral Security Agreement.
Second, even if the transfer of the Collateral Shares under the Collateral
Security Agreement amounted to a sale of the shares, it was not an absolute
and final transfer of the Collateral Shares to the Lender, as there was a
right of buy-back.

170 At the outset, I reject the Defendant’s quite unusual second submission.
Had there been a sale, the Moratorium would apply. Pacrim makes that clear
(see Pacrim at [22]). That there is a right of buy-back does not change the
conclusion that there would be a transfer or disposal of the Defendant’s
interest pending the exercise of the buy-back right if and when it is
exercised. There is no certainty that the right would ever be exercised. I do
not see how it can be argued that a sale is anything but absolute and final
simply because there is a right of buy-back.

171 If the transaction under the Collateral Security Agreement is a sale with
a right of buy-back, I am of the view that the Defendant has breached cl 5.4
of the 4 July SPA (ie, the Moratorium). Having examined the agreement, I
accept the Plaintiff’s submission it is indeed such a transaction.

172 There are several key indicators which suggest a sale with a right of buy-
back was intended. First, if a security was in fact intended over the
Collateral Shares (which were book-entry securities), the mechanism for doing
so is expressly set out in s 130N of the Companies Act (Cap 50, 2006 Rev Ed).
Section 130N(1), which was in force at the material time, makes it quite clear
that except as provided under the section or any written law or regulations,
no security interest may be created over scripless shares. A specific
procedure is prescribed in this regard in subsidiary legislation under the
Companies (Central Depository System) Regulations (Cap 50, Rg 2, 1994 Rev Ed)
for the creation and notification of the instrument of charge or instrument of
assignment. It is relevant in this regard that the Collateral Shares were
transferred to the Lender. Therefore, even if an assignment was intended for
the purpose of creating a security interest, s 130N provides for the treatment
of the same. It seems strange that this obvious route under s 130N was not
adopted if a security interest was intended.

173 Second, as noted earlier, the Collateral Shares were transferred to the
Lender’s securities account pursuant to cl 2.1 read with cl 5.2 of the
Collateral Security Agreement. There was therefore a transfer or disposal of
the Defendant’s interest in the Collateral Shares to the Lender.

174 Third, the Lender was given liberty to deal with the Collateral Shares
once they were transferred. Clause 5.4 of the Collateral Security Agreement
provides that “the Lender shall during the term of any Loan treat the shares
as its own and will have right of ownership including but not limited to
hypothecate, borrow, lend or hedge the collateral shares” [emphasis added].
The Lender’s obligation is limited to returning the same number of shares in
the event there is no event of default within three days of the end of the
term of the loan. Such a free hand to deal with shares is patently
inconsistent with shares that are being taken purportedly as a pledge or
mortgage.

175 Fourth, upon the occurrence of an event of default, the Lender is entitled
to treat the Collateral Shares as his own. Significantly, the Defendant has no
obligation to repay the loan in such an event. That the Lender has no
obligation to account for the proceeds or recourse to the Defendant for any
shortfall is clear indication that no security interest by way of a pledge or
mortgage was intended. An obvious distinction between a sale, and a mortgage
or charge is the obligation to account for the proceeds in the case of latter.
This was stated by Romer LJ in Re George Inglefield Ltd [1933] 1 Ch 1 at
27–28:

It appears to me that the matter admits of a very short answer, if one bears
in mind the essential differences that exist between a transaction of sale and
a transaction of mortgage or charge. In a transaction of sale the vendor is
not entitled to get back the subject-matter of the sale by returning to the
purchaser the money that has passed between them. In the case of a mortgage or
charge, the mortgagor is entitled, until he has been foreclosed, to get back
the subject-matter of the mortgage or charge by returning to the mortgagee the
money that has passed between them. The second essential difference is that if
the mortgagee realizes the subject matter of the mortgage for a sum more than
sufficient to repay him, with interest and the costs, the money that has
passed between him and the mortgagor he has to account for the mortgagor for
the surplus. If the purchaser sells the subject-matter of the purchase, and
realizes a profit, of course he has not got to account to the vendor for the
profit. Thirdly, if the mortgagee realizes the mortgage property for a sum
that is insufficient to repay him the money that he has paid to the mortgagor,
together with interest and costs, then the mortgagee is entitled to recover
from the mortgagor the balance of the money, either because there is a
covenant by the mortgagor to repay the money advanced by the mortgagee, or
because of the existence of the simple contract debt which is created by the
mere fact of the advance having been made. If the purchaser were to resell the
purchased property at a price which was insufficient to recoup him the money
that he paid to the vendor, of course he would not be entitled to recover the
balance from the vendor.

[emphasis added]

176 Fifth, the total number of shares offered as collateral under the
Collateral Agreement is 300,000,000, drawn down in tranches of 30,000,000
each. The term of the loan is for 24 months commencing from the drawing down
of each tranche. In other words, there would be separate loan periods as
regards each tranche. There appears to be no right of early redemption, which
is confirmed by the Lender’s obligation to return the shares three days after
the expiry of the loan period (see cl 2.3 and 5.4 of the Collateral Security
Agreement). The Defendant conceded this. 80

##### Foot Note 80

×

Defendant’s closing submissions, para 212.

Bearing in mind that the first two tranches were transferred on 11 and 23 July
2014, it is obvious that the Defendant would not be in a position to return
the Collateral Shares, or for that matter the rest of the First Tranche JES
Shares (if they had been transferred as well) to the Plaintiff if the 4 July
SPA was not completed by the Long-Stop Date even if he was financially able to
redeem the loan. It suggests that such a transaction must be caught by the
Moratorium. This also suggests that the transaction was in fact a sale (with a
right of buy-back) rather than a “pledge” or “mortgage”.

177 Sixth, after the Collateral Shares were transferred to the Lender, the
Defendant appeared disinterested in how the Lender dealt with them. This is
particularly surprising given his obligation to return them to the Plaintiff
if the 4 July SPA was unwound. I highlight two examples of the Defendant’s
nonchalance:

(a) right up to 22 July 2015, in the course of the trial, the Defendant did
not bother to inquire into what had become of the Collateral Shares; and

(b) the Defendant did not know what the Lender had done with the Collateral
Shares.

In fact, it was only on 22 July 2015 that counsel for the Defendant notified
the court that the Lender might have in fact sold the Collateral Shares.

178 In the round, I am of the view that the Collateral Security Agreement was
in fact a sale of shares with a right of buy-back. I am fortified in my view
by the decision of the Federal Court of Australia in Beconwood Securities Pty
Ltd v Australia and New Zealand Banking Group Limited [2008] FCA 594
(“Beconwood”). In Beconwood, the plaintiffs entered into a share lending and
borrowing agreement with Opes. Shares were transferred by the plaintiff to a
company owned by Opes in return for funds. Funds advanced to the plaintiff
were obtained from the defendant-bank. In due course, the shares were
transferred from the company to the defendant-bank’s nominees, and held for
the defendant. The plaintiff contended that it had a security interest as
mortgagor in the shares which were in the hands of the defendant-bank’s
nominees. The Federal Court of Australia rejected this argument, stating (at
[50]):

… the argument that the [share lending and borrowing agreement] can be
characterised as a mortgage is simply unsustainable. It breaks down at many
points. First of all, by the express terms of the [agreement], unencumbered
title in both lent securities and collateral passes on delivery. Secondly,
when the transaction comes to an end there is no obligation to hand back in
specie the securities initially lent. Nor is there any obligation to return
the collateral actually provided. The obligation falling on the borrower is to
deliver the same number and type of securities. The same is true as regards
the collateral. Third, there are the netting and set off provisions that come
into effect on default. This is the means by which the parties mitigate credit
risk, converting redelivery obligations into payment obligations. …

As I have concluded that there is no requirement for the transfer or disposal
to be absolute to attract the Moratorium, I am of the view that that Defendant
breached the Moratorium by entering into the Collateral Security Agreement,
and thereafter transferring the Collateral Shares to the Lender, pursuant to
the said agreement.

179 In any event, even if the Defendant’s submission was right, an absolute
and final transfer would have occurred on the authority of Pacrim. The Court
of Appeal stated at [22] that an assignment would amount to a sale if the
terms of the purported assignment allowed the “assignee” to sell the shares.
In this regard, under cl 5.4 of the Collateral Security Agreement, the Lender
had the right deal with the Collateral Shares as his own with all incidents of
ownership. This included the right to sell the shares, which counsel for the
Defendant conceded did happen. It is evident, therefore, that the Defendant
has breached the Moratorium.

Does cl IV(1)(C) of the SA2 assist the Defendant?

180 Given my conclusion on the effect of the Collateral Security Agreement,
taking the Defendant’s case at its highest and assuming that the SA2 was
between the Defendant and the Plaintiff, cl IV(1)(C) of the SA2 does not
assist him. For ease of reference, the clause is reproduced:

Party A and Party B agreed as follows: before the funds from the debenture
issue are in place, the 20% equity or shares transferred to both parties shall
not be sold (unless with the written consent of both parties. The 20% equity
or shares in the names of both parties may be used as security for mortgage
during the financing period. [emphasis added]

It is clear from the language that a sale is prohibited and at best a mortgage
is permitted. As the transaction under the Collateral Security Agreement
involves a sale of the Collateral Shares, it would also fall foul of cl
IV(1)(C). The carve-out of a mortgage that the Defendant has built his case on
does not assist him. I make this point on the basis that Singapore law applies
to the SA2 as no evidence or submissions on foreign law were led by the
parties.

Damages

181 In paragraph 13(d) of its Statement of Claim (Amendment No 1), the
Plaintiff has prayed for an order that the Defendant returns the Collateral
Shares to his Central Depository securities account within 30 days of an order
to do so, or pays damages in lieu of the value of the Collateral Shares as at
30 July 2014 or such other date as may be decided by the court. The Plaintiff
has also prayed for damages for the Defendant’s breach of the 4 July SPA.

182 Counsel for the Defendant has conceded that the Collateral Shares have
been sold by the Lender. From the Defendant’s submissions, it is clear that
the Defendant is not in a practicable position to return the Collateral Shares
because trading in the Plaintiffs’ shares has been suspended and it would not
be possible to secure the return of shares from the Lender under the
Collateral Security Agreement. 81

##### Foot Note 81

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions, para 212.

Although it might theoretically be possible for the court to order the
Defendant to privately purchase a total of 60,000,000 shares from persons who
currently hold the Plaintiff’s shares, I am of the view that this would be an
onerous burden to place on the Defendant, given that the identities of such
persons are not readily available. In any event, the parties are on the same
page on this issue in that they both have submitted that I should not order a
return of the Collateral Shares and should consider awarding damages instead.

183 In my opinion, ordering the Defendant to specifically perform the
Moratorium is not a viable option. Accordingly, I decline to exercise my
discretion to order specific performance of the Moratorium. A further option
is to award damages in substitution of an order of specific performance of the
Moratorium, or to award the Plaintiff damages for breach of the Moratorium in
cl 5.4 of the 4 July SPA.

The loss suffered by the Plaintiff

184 Before assessing the damages that should be awarded to the Plaintiff for
the Defendant’s breach, it is necessary to determine what the loss suffered by
the Plaintiff is.

185 The Defendant submits that the Plaintiff is only entitled to nominal
damages as the Plaintiff has not suffered any loss pursuant to the Defendant’s
breach of the Moratorium. He refers to cl 6.1 of the Share Lending Agreement
between the Plaintiff and JESOIL, which stipulates that JESOIL has the right
to recall the loaned securities by giving seven days’ written notice to the
Plaintiff. Upon receiving such notice, the Plaintiff is obliged to re-deliver
an equivalent amount of the loaned securities to JESOIL or JESOIL’s nominee. A
failure to do so would amount to an event of default under cl 8 of the Share
Lending Agreement. Under cl 8.3, if the Plaintiff fails to re-deliver an
equivalent amount of securities to the Lender, the Plaintiff is required to
pay the Lender damages equal to the “market value” of the shares to JESOIL.
“Market value” is defined under the Share Lending Agreement as: 82

##### Foot Note 82

×

2PB460.

… the amount it would cost [JESOIL] to purchase a like amount of such
securities at such time on the principal market for such securities, plus all
brokers’ fees, commissions, clearing fees, stamp duty, other transfer tax and
other reasonable costs, fees and expenses that would be in connection with
such purchase[.]

186 Under cross-examination, JY confirmed that as at 24 July 2015, JESOIL had
not recalled the shares it had lent to the Plaintiff (ie, the First Tranche
JES Shares) from the Plaintiff. 83

##### Foot Note 83

×

NE 24 July 2015, page 45, line 5.

The Defendant submits that, as JESOIL has not recalled the shares from the
Plaintiff, no event of default had occurred under the Share Lending Agreement,
and therefore the Plaintiff has not suffered a present loss. The Defendant
also submits that the Plaintiff is not entitled to claim for “future injury”
as the Plaintiff has “not proven such injury”. 84

##### Foot Note 84

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions, para 229.

Finally, the Defendant further submits that in any event, the Plaintiff has
not established that the Defendant would not be able to redeem the Collateral
Shares or that the Lender would not be able to return them at the end of the
relevant loan period.

187 The Plaintiff’s counterargument is that the court is entitled to make an
order of substantial damages to be paid on the basis of either the “broad
ground” set out by Lord Griffiths in Linden Gardens Trust Ltd v Lenesta Sludge
Disposals Ltd and others and another appeal [1994] 1 AC 85 (“Linden Gardens”),
supported by Lord Millet and Lord Goff in Alfred McAlpine Construction Ltd v
Panatown Ltd [2001] 1 AC 518 (“Panatown”), or the “narrow ground” articulated
by Lord Browne-Wilkinson in Linden Gardens. Both the “narrow ground” and the
“broad ground” have been accepted as part of Singapore law by this court in
Prosperland Pte Ltd v Civic Constructions Pte Ltd and other [2004] 4 SLR(R)
129 (“Prosperland 1”), and by the Court of Appeal in Chia Kok Leong and
another v Prosperland Pte Ltd [2005] 2 SLR(R) 484 (“Prosperland 2”) and Family
Food Court (a firm) v Seah Boon Lock and another (trading as Boon Luck Duck
and Noodle House) [2008] 4 SLR(R) 272 (“Family Food Court”).

188 I am not in full agreement with either the Plaintiff’s or the Defendant’s
submission on this point. It appears that both parties have misunderstood (a)
the loss that the Plaintiff has suffered, and (b) the basis of an award of
damages on the “narrow ground” and the “broad ground”. In these circumstances,
I find it apposite to make some comments on both issues.

The “broad ground” and the “narrow ground”

189 The general rule is that a plaintiff is only entitled to recover damages
on account of a breach of contract for the actual loss suffered. This is
because damages are ordinarily compensatory in nature and are intended to put
the innocent party in the position he would have been in had there been no
breach (though in exceptional cases restitutionary or punitive damages may be
awarded).

190 As the Court of Appeal observed in Family Food Court at [35], the “narrow
ground” is a rule of ancient origin, and was formulated in the specific
context of the carriage of goods. The oft-quoted expression of the “narrow
ground” is found in the following comments of Lord Diplock in The Albazero
[1977] AC 774 at 847:

The only way in which I find it possible to rationalise the rule in Dunlop v.
Lambert so that it may fit into the pattern of the English law is to treat it
as an application of the principle, accepted also in relation to policies of
insurance upon goods, that in a commercial context concerning goods where it
is in the contemplation of the parties that the proprietary interests in the
goods may be transferred from one owner to another after the contract has been
entered into and before the breach which causes loss or damage to the goods,
an original party to the contract, if such be the intention of them both, is
to be treated in law as having entered into the contract for the benefit of
all persons who have or may acquire an interest in the goods before they are
lost or damaged, and is entitled to recover by way of damages for breach of
contract the actual loss sustained by those for whose benefit the contract is
entered into.

191 It may be observed from the above passage that originally, the “narrow
ground” was only applicable in a specific situation, viz, where property
originally vested in the plaintiff/promisee had been transferred to a third
party after the contract had been entered into but before the breach had
occurred. Also, the third party had not acquired, and was unlikely to acquire,
any rights under the contract between the plaintiff/promisee and the
defendant/promisor (for eg, due to a prohibition on assignment) (see also
Chitty on Contracts (Hugh Beale gen ed) (Sweet & Maxwell, 31st Ed, 2012)
(“Chitty on Contracts”) at para 18–055). Where the breach by the
defendant/promisor caused damage or loss to the property (eg, where damage was
caused to the goods being carried, or where buildings were defectively built),
the plaintiff/promisor, not having the proprietary interest in the goods or
property in question at the time of breach, could arguably be said to have
suffered no loss. The “narrow ground” plugged this gap by enabling the
plaintiff/promisee to recover from the defendant/promisor substantial damages
for the loss suffered by the third party.

192 The “narrow ground” was extended in the case of Darlington Borough Council
v Wiltshier Northern Ltd [1995] 1 WLR 68 (“Darlington”). In Darlington, the
proprietary interest in the subject matter of the contract had always been
vested in, and remained vested in, the third party to the contract. Unlike the
cases of Linden Gardens and Panatown, where the contracts were between
developers and contractors, Darlington concerned a situation where the
plaintiff-bank had contracted directly with the defendant-contractor for
building work to be carried out on land owned by a local council (ie, the
third party). This arrangement was entered into so as not to fall foul of
financial restrictions placed on the local council by government regulations.
The bank and the council also entered into an agreement by which the bank
undertook to procure the building work and to pay all sums due under the
building contract. Crucially, the contract between the bank and the council
provided that the bank was not to be liable to the council “for any
incompleteness or defect in the building work”. The building work was
defective, and it was held that the bank could recover substantial damages
from the contractor in respect of the council’s loss. This extension of the
“narrow ground” was endorsed in Panatown. Although the Court of Appeal in
Family Food Court recognised that Panatown had endorsed the extension of the
“narrow ground” in Darlington, the court, in considering the relationship
between the narrow ground and the broad ground expressed some hesitation over
the extension of the “narrow ground” in Darlington. It is thus not quite clear
if the Darlington extension, if I may call it that, to the narrow ground is
good law in Singapore.

193 There are two important qualifiers to the “narrow ground”:

(a) the plaintiff will have to account to the third party for the damages he
recovers from the defendant (see Panatown at 575 and Prosperland 2 at [46]);
and

(b) the rule does not apply where the third party has a direct remedy against
the defendant. In this regard, a cause of action in tort does not qualify as a
direct remedy (see Prosperland 2 at [45] and Family Food Court at [47]).

194 If the elements of the “narrow ground” are satisfied, the court will then
assess the loss from the perspective of the damage suffered by the third party
as a consequence of the breach.

195 In the present case, the factual situation does not fit the specific
situation the “narrow ground” was formulated to address. It must be recalled
that in a situation where the “narrow ground” applies, the title to property
that is damaged due to the defendant’s breach of contract is in the third
party’s hands. Hence, in such a situation, the plaintiff has arguably suffered
no loss in its own right (thereby necessitating an “exception”). However, in
the present case, there is no property in JESOIL’s hands that one can be said
to have been damaged by the Defendant’s breach of the Moratorium as title to
the Collateral Shares passed from JESOIL to the Plaintiff under the Share
Lending Agreement and from the Plaintiff to the Defendant under the 4 July
SPA. When the Defendant breached the Moratorium by transferring the Collateral
Shares to the Lender, there was no property in JESOIL’s hands that was
damaged. Indeed, it is even arguable that unless and until JESOIL requires the
Plaintiff to perform its obligations under the Share Lending Agreement, JESOIL
has itself suffered no loss by reason of the Defendant’s breach of the
Moratorium.

196 There is therefore no relevant “legal black hole” as the Plaintiff suffers
loss in its own right. Let me explain. One of the purposes of the Moratorium
was to ensure that in the event the transaction was not completed, the
Defendant would be able to return the shares transferred. The Moratorium
therefore protected the Plaintiff’s position, in that if the Moratorium was
performed, the Plaintiff would not be put to further expense to perform its
obligations under the Share Lending Agreement. The loss that the Plaintiff
suffers in the present case, as both the Plaintiff and the Defendant have
obliquely recognised in their respective submissions, is represented either by
(a) the cost the Plaintiff would incur in obtaining an equivalent number of
shares so as to discharge its obligation to JESOIL under the Share Lending
Agreement, or alternatively, (b) the measure of damages the Plaintiff would be
required to pay JESOIL for breach of the Share Lending Agreement. Accordingly,
it is not appropriate to resort to the use of the “narrow ground” in the
damages analysis.

197 What about the “broad ground”? The “broad ground” on the other hand sits
on a different and perhaps more conventional jurisprudential footing. The
“broad ground” recognises that a contracting party has a performance interest
in ensuring due performance of the contractual bargain. This is sometimes
described as “expectation interest”. If that party does not receive
contractual performance, he would be regarded as having suffered damage. This
is regardless of whether that party has a proprietary interest in the subject
matter of the transaction at the time of the breach. Neither is the “broad
ground” dependent on the existence of a “legal black hole” (see Prosperland 2
at [55]). As observed in Family Food Court at [48], it may be a misnomer to
label the “broad ground” as an “exception”.

198 The approach to assessment of damages under the “broad ground” differs
from the “narrow ground” in that damages are assessed from the perspective of
the plaintiff as it is his loss of performance or expectation interest that is
being assessed. It is useful to quote from Chao Hick Tin JA’s judgment in
Prosperland 2 (at [53]):

[T]he basis on which a plaintiff is entitled to claim for substantial damages
under the broad ground is that he did not receive what he had bargained and
paid for. It has nothing to do with the ownership of the thing or property. As
to the value of this performance interest, it seems to us that the observation
of Lord Scarman in Woodar Investment Development Ltd v Wimpey Construction UK
Ltd [1980] 1 WLR 277, that the fact that a contracting party has required
services to be supplied at his own cost to a third party is at least prima
facie evidence of the value of those services to the party who placed the
order, is a useful pointer.

199 I would also highlight that in Propserland 2, the plaintiff/promisee
appeared to be facing a potential claim from the third-party for the defects
in the building works (Prosperland 2 at [58]). In Family Food Court, the Court
of Appeal observed (at [51]):

… Prosperland was technically facing a potential claim for loss suffered by
the MCST [ie, the third party] in respect of the defects in the condominium
and was, in fact, prepared to make good those defects using the damages
recovered in its suit against the Defendants. Thus, arguably, the “fact” that
Prosperland had suffered no substantial loss was not entirely accurate.
[emphasis added]

200 There is an argument to be made here that the “broad ground” is applicable
in the present case, given that it is based on “an integral part of the common
law of contract”, viz, the Plaintiff’s interest in the Moratorium being
performed and receiving the benefit of which it had contracted for (ie, not
being put to extra expense to perform the Share Lending Agreement). Further,
the Plaintiff is facing a potential liability to JESOIL under the Share
Lending Agreement. However, I acknowledge that the precise scope of the “broad
ground” and its relationship with the “narrow ground” remains in a state of
flux. In Family Food Court, the Court of Appeal described the relationship
between the “broad ground” and the “narrow ground” as “a thorny legal problem”
(at [56]). Academic writers have also queried whether the “broad ground” only
applies to cases of defective performance of contracts to render services (see
generally Chitty on Contracts at para 18-062). It is not clear whether the
“broad ground” is applicable where (a) the breach consists of a failure or
refusal to perform on the defendant’s part, or (b) the breach arises as a
result of something other than a failure to render services. However, here,
there is no need to resort to the “broad ground” to contend that the Plaintiff
has suffered damages in the form of loss of a performance interest. The
Plaintiff in fact has suffered a loss in that it faces a direct contractual
exposure to JESOIL under the Share Lending Agreement by reason of its obvious
inability to return the Collateral Shares without incurring further expense.
The present case may therefore be resolved on conventional contractual
principles without the need to resort to the “exceptions” of the “broad
ground” or “narrow ground”. I say no more about the interesting intellectual
debate as to width of the applicability of the “narrow ground” and the “broad
ground”, or for that matter when one applies over the other. That is
intellectual fodder for another day.

The Plaintiff’s liability to JESOIL under the Share Lending Agreement

201 As mentioned above, the Defendant accepts that his breach of the
Moratorium in cl 5.4 of the 4 July SPA makes the Plaintiff potentially liable
in breach of contract to JESOIL under the Share Lending Agreement. The issue
of remoteness of damage is not an issue in the present case as the Defendant
was aware of the Share Lending Agreement (see [46] above). The Defendant’s
objection to an award of substantial damages is on the basis that the
Plaintiff’s loss is a prospective liability to JESOIL (given that JESOIL has
not called for the performance of the Plaintiff’s obligations under the Share
Lending Agreement). He argues that until that liability crystallises, the
Plaintiff has not proved its loss and hence must only be entitled to nominal
damages.

202 At first blush, the argument appears attractive. However, the Defendant’s
argument breaks down upon further scrutiny. The mere fact that the Plaintiff’s
liability to JESOIL is a “prospective” one is not a bar to an award of
substantial damages. As observed in Harvey McGregor, McGregor on Damages
(Sweet & Maxwell, 18th Ed, 2009) (“McGregor on Damages”) at para 9–024, the
general rule is that damages will include not only damage accruing between the
time the cause of action arose and the time the action was commenced, but also
for future or prospective damage reasonably anticipated as the result of the
defendant’s wrong, whether such future is certain or contingent (see also
Chitty on Contracts at para 26–011).

203 The Defendant’s objection to substantial damages is in truth a complaint
that the Plaintiff’s loss is uncertain. It has been recognised in Robertson
Quay Investment Pte Ltd v Steen Consultants Pte Ltd and another [2008] 2
SLR(R) 623 (“Robertson Quay”) that “the fact that an assessment is difficult
because of the nature of the damage is no reason for awarding no damages or
merely nominal damages” (at [28]). The approach that the court adopts is a
flexible one. I can do no better than to quote from the useful guidance laid
down by the Court of Appeal in Robertson Quay (at [30]):

Different occasions may call for different evidence with regard to certainty
of proof, depending on the circumstances of the case and the nature of the
damages claimed. There will be cases where absolute certainty is possible, for
example, where the plaintiff’s claim is for loss of earnings or expenses
already incurred (ie, expenses incurred between the time of accrual of the
cause of action and the time of trial), or for the difference between the
contract price and a clearly established market price. On the other hand,
there will be instances where such certainty is impossible, for example, where
the loss suffered by the plaintiff is non-pecuniary in nature, or is
prospective pecuniary loss such as loss of prospective earnings or loss of
profits (see generally McGregor on Damages at paras 8-003–8-064). The correct
approach that a court should adopt is perhaps best summarised by Devlin J in
the English High Court decision of Biggin & Co Ld v Permanite, Ld [1951] 1 KB
422 (“Biggin”), where he held (at 438) that:

[W]here precise evidence is obtainable, the court naturally expects to have
it. Where it is not, the court must do the best it can.

[emphasis added]

204 Also, I would observe that the Defendant’s submission that the Plaintiff’s
liability to JESOIL is “prospective” is incorrect. Under cl 8.1(g) of the
Share Lending Agreement, the termination of the 4 July SPA is stipulated as an
event of default. It is not disputed that the 4 July SPA had been
automatically terminated on 4 January 2015 pursuant to cl 4.4 of the 4 July
SPA as the transaction did not complete by the Long-Stop Date. The Plaintiff
thus has a present obligation to JESOIL under cl 8.3 and 8.4 of the Share
Lending Agreement, which provides that:

8.3 If an Event of Default occurs in respect of the Borrower the Borrower
shall forthwith re-deliver the Equivalent Securities to [JESOIL] (and notify
[JESOIL] accordingly). If the Borrower fails to do so or only re-delivers a
portion of Equivalent Securities, the Borrower shall pay the Lender damages
equal to Market Value of the whole or such portion of Equivalent Securities
(as the case may be) on the date such Event of Default occurs.

8.4 In the event the Borrower fails to pay the aforesaid damages within three
(3) Business Days of the date such Event of Default occurs, the Borrower shall
pay interest at the rate of one per cent, per month (accrued on a monthly
basis) on the amount from time to time outstanding in respect of that overdue
sum for the period beginning on the date such Event of Default occurs and
ending on the date of receipt by the Lender.

[emphasis added]

205 Although it is arguable that the Defendant’s breach of the Moratorium was
not the cause of the termination of the 4 July SPA (which was terminated on
the basis that certain condition precedents had yet to be completed by the
Long-Stop Date), the fact is that the breach of the Moratorium has caused the
Plaintiff’s inability to return the Collateral Shares to JESOIL under the
Share Lending Agreement in turn triggering the pecuniary liability stipulated
therein. The reality therefore is that the Plaintiff has a present liability
to JESOIL under the Share Lending Agreement and in satisfying that liability,
the Plaintiff will be out-of-pocket due to the Defendant’s breach of the
Moratorium. Had the Defendant observed his obligations under the Moratorium,
the Plaintiff would be able to return the requisite number of shares borrowed
under the Share Lending Agreement without incurring additional expense, even
if the 4 July SPA was subsequently terminated through no fault of the
Defendant. This would be the case as the Defendant would be able to return the
shares to the Plaintiff (or the Plaintiff’s nominee) having observed to the
Moratorium, pursuant to cl 5.4 of the 4 July SPA. The Defendant’s breach of
the Moratorium has resulted in the Plaintiff being exposed to direct
contractual liability to JESOIL or otherwise having to incur additional
expense to perform the Share Lending Agreement. This is the loss that the
court must quantify in this case.

206 Finally, the Defendant submits that the court should not award damages as
the Plaintiff has not proven that the Defendant would be unable to redeem or
repurchase the Collateral Shares from the Lender at the expiry of the loan
period under the Collateral Security Agreement. I do not accept the
Defendant’s argument. The Plaintiff’s loss crystallises upon the Defendant’s
breach of the Moratorium. That the Defendant may be able to perform the
Collateral Security Agreement, thereby obtaining title to the Collateral
Shares sometime in the future does not mean that the Plaintiff ought not to be
awarded damages for the Defendant’s present breach of contract. In any event,
the burden must surely be on the Defendant to show that, having disposed of
the Collateral Shares, he has the financial strength to redeem them, and is
able to do so notwithstanding the terms of the Collateral Security Agreement.
I had earlier observed that the Collateral Security Agreement does not appear
to permit that (see [176] above).

Quantifying the Plaintiff’s loss

Damages in lieu of specific performance or common law damages?

207 Both parties agree that this is a case where I am able consider awarding
damages in lieu of an order for the return of the Collateral Shares. The court
has the power to order damages in lieu of or in addition to specific
performance or an injunction under paragraph 14 of the First Schedule of the
Supreme Court of Judicature Act (Cap 322, 2007 Rev Ed) (“the SCJA”). Paragraph
14 is on the same terms as the Chancery Amendment Act 1858 otherwise known as
the Lord Cairns’ Act.

208  It has been accepted that damages awarded in substitution for specific
performance under the Lord Cairns’ Act are not ordinarily awarded on a
different basis from damages at common law (see Johnson and another v Agnew
[1980] 1 AC 367 at 400). I accept that the same position is applicable under
the SCJA. In Lunn Poly Ltd and another v Liverpool & Lancashire Properties Ltd
and another [2006] EWCA 430 (“Lunn Poly”), Neuberger LJ stated (at [21] and
[22]):

… Damages under the Act are, of course, quasi-equitable in nature: they are
awarded in lieu of equitable relief albeit that their direct origin is
statutory. Nonetheless, that does not mean that damages can be assessed in any
old way. The approach to assessing damages under the Act must not be
arbitrary; nor should it be indefensibly consistent with the approach to
assessment of damages and valuations in other fields; nor should it be
unpredictable and therefore likely to lead to litigation.

The court is not limited to any specific basis for assessing damages in lieu
of an injunction under the Act. However, principle and practice suggest that
the normal three bases are (a) traditional compensatory damages – ie a sum
which compensates the Claimant for past present and future losses as a result
of the breach but not for the loss of the covenant; (b) negotiating damages –
ie a sum based on what reasonable people in the position of the parties would
negotiate for a release of the right which has been, is being, and will be
breached; and (c) an account – ie a sum based on an account, that is, on the
profit the defendant has made, is making and will make as a result of the
breach.

209 In the present case, neither party has demonstrated or argued that this
general rule should be departed from. This is sensible as damages in this
case, whether claimed in substitution for specific performance or otherwise,
is claimed for the same breach of contract, ie, the Defendant’s breach of the
Moratorium. The parties’ arguments centred on whether negotiating or
compensatory damages should be awarded. I take each in turn.

Negotiating damages

210 The leading authority on the approach that the court should take to
assessing such damages is Wrotham Park Estate Co Ltd v Parkside Homes Ltd and
others [1974] 1 WLR 798 (“Wrotham Park”). As a result, this head of damages
has come to be known as Wrotham Park damages. Wrotham Park damages has been
recognised by this court in Clearlab SG Pte Ltd v Ting Chong Chai and others
[2015] 1 SLR 165 (“Clearlab”).

211 In Lunn Poly, Neuberger LJ described Wrotham Park damages as “negotiating
damages” (see the extract quoted at [208] above). This is an apt description
as damages are assessed on the basis of what a willing buyer (the contract
breaker) and a willing seller (the party claiming the damages) would agree on
as consideration in a hypothetical negotiation for the release of the relevant
contractual obligation. Such assessment is ordinarily undertaken as at the
date of breach though subsequent circumstances may be taken into account where
that would be necessary for a more just and fair outcome (see Lunn Poly at
[23]–[24]). The fact that one or both parties would have refused to make the
deal is therefore to be ignored (see Pell Frischmann Engineering Ltd v Bow
Valley Iran Ltd [2011] 1 WLR 2370 at [49]).

212 Having said that, the hypothetical bargain should not take place without
any consideration for how the parties would have behaved in such a
negotiation. The court must examine the likely parameters which the parties
would have set for the negotiation. Such parameters are to be objectively
assessed based on ordinary commercial considerations relevant to each party,
having regard to the position each one was placed in. The court should not
award damages on the basis of a hypothetical bargain out of bound with the
parties’ realistic expectations and commercial acceptability (see Clearlab at
[342] and Duncan Edward Vercoe v Rutland Fund Management Limited [2010] EWHC
424 at [292]).

213 I therefore have to ask the question: what parameters would the parties
have set in a hypothetical negotiation on the dates when the Defendant
transferred the Collateral Shares to the Lender, for the Defendant to be
released from the Moratorium?

214 Examining the circumstances at that time, it would seem to me that
realistically speaking, no commercially acceptable agreement could
hypothetically have been reached. I do not see how the Plaintiff, even
hypothetically, would have agreed to release the Defendant from the
Moratorium. I say this given the purpose of the Moratorium and the fact that
the Collateral Shares had been borrowed from JESOIL under the Share Lending
Agreement. Moreover, the SIC had required the Plaintiff to procure the SIC
Undertaking from the Defendant and YN. It must be remembered that the
hypothetical negotiations would be for the Moratorium to be lifted to enable
the Defendant to perform the Collateral Security Agreement. If the Plaintiff
allowed that to happen, it would have put the entire transaction in jeopardy.
Further, from a purely risk-perspective, to do so would effectively have put
the Plaintiff at serious risk of not having the Collateral Shares returned by
the Defendant. As a matter of commercial reality, the Plaintiff would not have
run that risk as regards the First Tranche JES Shares for the reasons I have
mentioned. I am also convinced that the Plaintiff would not have agreed to
this given the position of the SIC.

215 The Plaintiff contends that the quantum of damages ought to be the value
of the Collateral Shares on the dates of transfer by the Defendant to the
Lender. I find this a puzzling submission when seen from the perspective of
both the Plaintiff and the Defendant in a hypothetical negotiation. From the
Plaintiff’s perspective, that would amount to a sale of the Collateral Shares
(which the Plaintiff accepts it would be 85

##### Foot Note 85

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions, para 404(d).

), which was not its intention under the 4 July SPA. Its intent was to
safeguard the First Tranche JES Shares because of the Share Lending Agreement
and the requirements of the SIC. Further, setting the price as at the date of
the breach would leave the Plaintiff open to a potentially greater exposure to
JESOIL under the Share Lending Agreement if the share price of the Plaintiff’s
shares had increased by the time the obligation to return the Collateral
Shares to JESOIL crystallised.

216 From the Defendant’s perspective, to set the price of the hypothetical
agreement between the parties at the date of the breach would be effectively
to require the Defendant to purchase the Collateral Shares outright. This is
not what he would have wanted since he only needed them to raise funds from
the Lender under the Collateral Security Agreement. The loan to value ratio
under the Collateral Security Agreement was 50%. This means that under the
Collateral Security Agreement, he would have raised 50% of the value of the
Collateral Shares. The hypothetical agreement proposed by the Plaintiff would
have required the Defendant to pay 100% of the market value of the Collateral
Shares on the date of transfers to the Lender – an outright purchase – which
is inconsistent with the Defendant’s intention to use the Collateral Shares as
“security” to raise funds. Furthermore, the Defendant and YN had transferred
the First Tranche Scibois Shares as consideration for receiving the First
Tranche JES Shares. The Defendant would effectively be paying “double
consideration”. I do not see how the Defendant would have conceivably accepted
being required to pay the Plaintiff the price of the Collateral Shares at the
time of their transfers to the Lender in consideration for being released from
his obligations under the Moratorium.

217 I am therefore of the view given the commercial considerations bearing on
each of the parties, it is unlikely that a bargain would have been reached
between the Plaintiff and the Defendant in a hypothetical negotiation to lift
the Moratorium to enable the Defendant to perform the Collateral Security
Agreement. More pertinently, even if a bargain could have been reached, it
would not have been on the terms which the Plaintiff now proposes. In any
event, I find that compensatory damages are a more appropriate remedy in the
present case. Accordingly, I decline to award Wrotham Park damages.

Compensatory damages

218 The Plaintiff has submitted that the loss should be assessed at the date
when the Defendant breached the Moratorium. As the price of the Plaintiff’s
shares was $0.09 per share on 11 and 23 July 2014 (ie, the dates on which the
Defendant transferred the Collateral Shares to the Lender), the Plaintiff
submits that it should be awarded a sum of $5,400,000 as damages.

219 The general rule for assessing damages for breach of contract is the date
of the breach (see The Law of Contract in Singapore (Andrew Phang Boon Leong
gen ed) (Academy Publishing, 2012) at para 22.002–22.004). However, this
general rule may be displaced where the plaintiff was (a) unaware of the
breach at the time of its occurrence; or (b) unable to take mitigatory steps
at the time of its occurrence. Prima facie, this would appear to support the
Plaintiff’s case. I am, however, not certain that this would be appropriate
given the circumstances of the present case.

220 I have held that the Plaintiff’s loss in the present case arising from the
Defendant’s breach of duty is the prospective expense it would incur when
JESOIL seeks to recover the First Tranche JES Shares under the Share Lending
Agreement. Under the Share Lending Agreement, the Plaintiff’s obligation is to
(a) re-deliver an equivalent amount of loaned securities; or (b) pay JESOIL
damages equal to the market value of the loaned securities on the date the
event of default occurs. The latter is defined as the amount it would cost
JESOIL to purchase a like amount of shares on the principle market, including
all consequential costs. As mentioned, the Plaintiff’s liability to JESOIL
under the Share Lending Agreement crystallised when the 4 July SPA was
automatically terminated on 4 January 2015. Thus, the Plaintiff was obliged to
immediately re-deliver an equivalent number of the First Tranche JES Shares to
JESOIL or to pay JESOIL damages equal to the market value of the First Tranche
JES Shares on 4 January 2015. The Plaintiff’s loss can thus be arrived at
either by (a) calculating the amount it would have to incur to obtain an
equivalent number of shares in the market on 4 January 2015, or (b)
calculating the amount it would incur as damages to JESOIL under the Share
Lending Agreement. As the formula for damages under the Share Lending
Agreement makes reference to the market value of the Plaintiff’s shares, the
value to be arrived at under (a) and (b) would be broadly the same. However, I
assess damages on the basis of (b) as this takes into account the true loss
that the Plaintiff is exposed to by reason of the Defendant’s breach of the
Moratorium.

221 At this juncture, I should point out that while it might be theoretically
arguable that the Plaintiff could issue shares to JESOIL in order to discharge
its liability under the Share Lending Agreement, no evidence or submissions
were led as to the availability or viability of such a course of action. Given
the Plaintiff’s status as a listed company, I am not certain that the
Plaintiff is at liberty to issue shares as it pleases. The suspension of
trading in the Plaintiff’s shares would appear to make this an unlikely
scenario. Further, the issuance of shares would come at a cost to the
Plaintiff. In the circumstances, the Plaintiff’s loss as a consequence of the
Defendant’s breach of the Moratorium ought to be quantified on the basis of
its contractual exposure to JESOIL under the Share Lending Agreement as at 4
January 2015.

222 Evidence has been adduced of the price of the Plaintiff’s shares from 1
July 2014 to 3 July 2015. 86

##### Foot Note 86

×

3PB741–748.

It appears that the Plaintiff’s share price has been on a downward trend since
July 2014. According to the trading tables, trading in the Plaintiff’s shares
appears to have stopped sometime in or around 27 February 2015. Hence, as at 4
January 2015, the Plaintiff was still able to purchase its shares on the SGX
to discharge its liability to JESOIL under the Share Lending Agreement. As no
trading occurred on 4 January 2015 (which was a Sunday), I refer to the prices
of the shares on 5 and 6 January 2015 (Monday and Tuesday respectively). For
both 5 and 6 January 2015, the adjusted closing price per share was $0.03. The
price remained at $0.03 on 27 February 2015, the last day before the
suspension of trading in the Plaintiff’s shares. 87

##### Foot Note 87

×

3PB745.

Between 7 January 2015 and 27 February 2015, the Plaintiff’s share price
fluctuated between $0.03 and $0.04. No other evidence of the value of the
Plaintiff’s shares as at 4 January 2015 was adduced by the Plaintiff.

223 I accept the Plaintiff’s share price on 5 and 6 January 2015 as the best
evidence of the value of the Plaintiff’s shares as at 4 January 2015. Using
that price, the value of the Collateral Shares on that date would be a total
of $1,800,000. Under the Share Lending Agreement, the Plaintiff has to bear
all the cost of acquiring the shares from the market. However, the Plaintiff
has not adduced any evidence of the amount of commission, brokerage charges,
and other consequential expenses that it would have to bear. However such
costs must necessarily be incurred. That is market practice. Given the paucity
of evidence, I find it reasonable to award a further 1% of $1,800,000 to
account for such expenses. In this regard, I reiterate the salutary words of
the Court of Appeal in Robertson Quay that perfect mathematical accuracy need
not be achieved, and the law does not impose an absolute or impossible burden
on the Plaintiff either (at [49]). I also award the Plaintiff the amount that
it would have to pay JESOIL as interest under cl 8.3 of the Share Lending
Agreement from 4 January 2015 until the time of judgment, which is 15 months
and 1 day. Calculated on a straight-line basis, the amount payable by the
Plaintiff as simple interest under the Share Lending Agreement would amount to
$270,600 (ie, 1% of $1,800,000 multiplied by 15 months and 1 day). This amount
would form part of the Plaintiff’s loss suffered as a result of the
Defendant’s breach of the Moratorium. While an argument may be made that the
Plaintiff ought to have mitigated its loss by discharging its obligation to
JESOIL under the Share Lending Agreement once the 4 July SPA was terminated,
the burden of proving that the Plaintiff failed to mitigate its loss is on the
Defendant, and this burden has not been discharged here (see The “Asia Star”
[2010] 2 SLR 1154 at [24]). Finally, I do not award any sums in respect of the
remaining First Tranche JES Shares that were not transferred to the Lender
(ie, the 60,802,800 shares which are the subject of the Injunction), as the
Defendant did not breach the Moratorium in respect of these shares.

Conclusion

224 For the reasons above, there will be judgment for the Plaintiff on the
following terms:

(a) damages assessed in the sum of $2,088,600;

(b) interest from the date of the writ until satisfaction of the judgment on
the damages assessed; and

(c) costs to be taxed if not agreed.

225 For completeness, I also allow the Plaintiff’s claims under paragraphs
13(a), (b) and (c) of the Statement of Claim (Amendment No 1). Costs of the
action will be awarded to the Plaintiff, to be taxed if not agreed. I will
also hear parties on the consequential orders, if any, that may be required
concerning, inter alia, the First Tranche JES Shares subject to the Injunction
(ie, the First Tranche JES Shares less the Collateral Shares) and the First
Tranche Scibois Shares.

226 The Defendant’s counterclaim is for the Injunction to be set aside. As it
is predicated on his defence being made out, it is dismissed with costs.

Kannan Ramesh  
Judicial Commissioner

Foo Maw Shen, Chu Hua Yi, Ooi Huey Hien (Rodyk & Davidson LLP) for the
plaintiff;  
Wu Xiaowen (Lexton Law Corporation) for the defendant.

Appendix: Glossary of Parties and Transactions

Abbreviation| Reference  
---|---  
YN| Yang Nan, the Defendant’s son  
JESOIL| JES Overseas Investment Ltd, the majority shareholder of the Plaintiff  
JX| Jin Xin, the majority shareholder of JESOIL  
JY| Jin Yu, Jin Xin’s daughter (also known as Audrey Jin)  
Zhu| Zhu Xiao Yang, the Plaintiff’s General Manager  
Lim| Lim Kok Meng, the Plaintiff’s solicitor in the transactions that are the
subject-matter of dispute  
Kan| Patrick Kan, the Plaintiff’s Executive Director and Chief Financial
Officer  
SIC| The Security Industry Council  
CAA| Cooperation framework agreement on bond issuance between Scibosis and the
Plaintiff  
FAA| Framework Acquisition Agreement executed on 6 April 2014 and dated 8
April 2014  
SA1| Supplementary Agreement Pertaining to the Framework Acquisition Agreement  
23 May SPA| Sale and purchase agreement between the Plaintiff, the Defendant
and YN executed on 23 May 2014  
  
SA2| Supplementary Agreement Pertaining to (the Supplementary Agreement of)
the Framework Acquisition Agreement executed on 23 May 2014  
---|---  
4 July SPA| Sale and purchase agreement between the Plaintiff, the Defendant
and YN executed on 4 July 2014  
The Share Lending Agreement| An agreement between the Plaintiff and JESOIL for
JESOIL to transfer 120,802,800 ordinary shares in the Plaintiff to the
Plaintiff dated 4 July 2015  
The Collateral Security Agreement| Non-Recourse Collateral Security Loan
Agreement between the Defendant and an unknown party dated 27 June 2014  
The Lender| The counterparty to the Defendant under the Collateral Security
Agreement  
The First Tranche JES Shares| 120,820,800 ordinary shares in the Plaintiff
which were transferred from the Plaintiff to the Defendant  
The First Tranche Scibosis Shares| 20% of the shares in Scibois which were
transferred from YN to the Plaintiff  
The Collateral Shares| 60,000,000 ordinary shares in the Plaintiff which were
transferred from the Defendant to the Lender  
The Second Tranche JES Shares| 181,204,200 ordinary shares in the Plaintiff  
The Second Tranche Scibois Shares| 31% of the shares in Scibois  
  
![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 16 Dec 2021 (20:13 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

