Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the republic of singapore

[2016] SGHC 203

Suit No 715 of 2011

Between

(1)| MAX-SUN TRADING LTD  
---|---  
(2)| E-TEX TRADING LTD  
  
… Plaintiffs

And

(1)| TANG MUN KIT  
---|---  
(2)| TEO SU HUANG  
  
… Defendants

And

| TAN SIEW MOI  
---|---  
  
… Third Party

judgment

[Contract] – [Formation]

[Equity] – [Fiduciary relationships]

[Tort] – [Conspiracy]

[Tort] – [Inducement of breach of contract]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Max-Sun Trading Ltd and another

  
v

  

Tang Mun Kit and another (Tan Siew Moi, third party)

  

[2016] SGHC 203

  

High Court — Suit No 715 of 2011  
Judith Prakash JA  
14–15 October 2015; 17–18, 21–24 March; 24 June 2016  

26 September 2016 Judgment reserved.

Judith Prakash JA:

Introduction

1 This is a suit brought by two associated Hong Kong-incorporated companies,
Max-Sun Trading Limited (“the first plaintiff”) and E-Tex Trading Limited
(“the second plaintiff”), in respect of numerous alleged breaches of
obligations arising in the course of a garment manufacturing and supply
arrangement involving the defendants. The first plaintiff is a fabric
manufacturer. The second plaintiff is a buying house, which means it enters
into contracts to supply garments to clothing companies and then sub-contracts
the actual manufacturing to other companies. Mr Leonard Mok Chi Wing (“Mr
Mok”) was at all times the representative and spokesperson of both plaintiffs
although (either directly or through his wife) he had no more than a 30%
interest in each of them. Mr Mok was also involved in the running of other
associated companies (collectively, “Mr Mok’s group of companies” or “the
Group”). In all this, Mr Mok supposedly answered to one Mr Wong Beng San (“Mr
Wong”) of Macau, although little turned on this fact.

2 The defendants are Mr Tang Mun Kit (“the first defendant”), also known as
Steven, and Mdm Teo Su Huang (“the second defendant”). They are married to
each other and used to run their own business in the garment industry,
Instinct Silkscreen Pte Ltd (“Instinct Silkscreen”), specialising in the
printing of designs on garments. The other major players in this dispute are
Mr Tan Siew Kah, also known as Peter (“Mr Peter Tan”), and his wife, Mdm Tan
Siew Moi (“the third party”; collectively, “the Tans”). Mr Peter Tan is an
undischarged bankrupt who previously ran his own garment manufacturing
business, assisted by the third party. Looming large in the background, but
not involved in the dispute, is the Esprit group of companies (“Esprit”),
which at various points was the sole customer of the second plaintiff and a
major customer of the first plaintiff, the defendants, and the Tans.

3 Mr Mok, the defendants, and the Tans became personally acquainted through
their commercial activities in the garment industry in Singapore. The
defendants describe the relationship as being that of business associates; the
others describe it as one of friendship. Their dealings began around 2000 and
were by all accounts mutually beneficial. In those days, the Tans’ Singapore
company would take orders from Esprit’s Singapore buying house and then
produce the finished garments to Esprit’s specifications using fabric
manufactured by the first plaintiff and printed with designs by Instinct
Silkscreen.

4 Subsequently, the business environment in Singapore changed and it became
very difficult for garment manufacturers such as the Tans’ company to operate
in Singapore. Esprit closed its buying house in Singapore. Thereafter, Mr
Mok’s group of companies started supplying finished garments directly to
Esprit and began looking for subcontractors to manufacture the garments.

5 In July 2006, Mr Mok, the first defendant, and Mr Peter Tan engaged in
discussions (which I shall refer to as “the July 2006 Discussions”) regarding
the setting up of a garment factory in Vietnam. The details of those
discussions – in particular, the nature of Mr Mok’s and the plaintiffs’
involvement and the existence and content of the understanding which allegedly
arose – are disputed. What is undisputed is that following the July 2006
Discussions, the first defendant and Mr Peter Tan made a number of trips to
Vietnam to look for possible factory locations. Eventually, they decided to
rent premises in Viet Huong Industrial Park located in Bing Duong Province. In
order to reserve the chosen premises, the first defendant made a booking under
the name of Instinct Silkscreen.

6 Elda Instinct Garments Pte Ltd (“Elda Singapore”) was incorporated in
Singapore on 27 September 2006, with the defendants and the Tans as directors
and equal shareholders, having contributed capital of US$50,000 each according
to Mr Tan. The paid-up capital was registered as S$200,000. On 6 October 2006,
Elda Singapore sought and obtained a loan of US$100,000 from the first
plaintiff for use as working capital for the new factory (“the Working Capital
Loan”). A wholly-owned subsidiary of Elda Singapore called Elda Instinct
Garments Vietnam Co Ltd (“Elda Vietnam”) was then incorporated in Vietnam on
24 October 2006 for the purposes of setting up and managing the new factory.
Elda Singapore and Elda Vietnam will sometimes hereafter be collectively
called the Elda Companies.

7 In Vietnam, each company is apparently required to have a legal
representative, a person who, as the title suggests, has certain important
rights and powers to represent the company in official matters. The legal
representative holds the company seal, which is necessary for many official
acts of the company, including obtaining the certificates of origin without
which goods cannot be exported out of Vietnam. In addition, the charter of
Elda Vietnam (which is akin to the memorandum and articles of association of a
Singapore company) provides for two other officers, the authorised
representative of Elda Singapore (as the owner of Elda Vietnam) and the
general director. The general director had control over the day-to-day
operations of the company, but the authorised representative had ultimate
control over its management. On Elda Vietnam’s Investment Certificate issued
by the Bing Duong Industrial Zone Authority (“BDIZA”), the first defendant was
stated to be Elda Vietnam’s legal representative and general director. He was
also the authorised representative of Elda Singapore. There was no objection
to him holding these three positions at the time. The defendants and the Tans
served as Elda Vietnam’s de facto members’ council, which is akin to a board
of directors. The first defendant and Mr Peter Tan oversaw the preparatory
work for the venture, including the official approvals, physical construction
of the premises, and the recruitment and training of workers for the factory.

8 The intended mode of business in Vietnam was that the second plaintiff was
to be the supplier to Esprit. Having obtained orders from Esprit, it would
then subcontract the supply of garments to Elda Singapore. In turn, Elda
Singapore would farm out the actual manufacturing work to Elda Vietnam.
However, it would obtain the material and accessories for the Esprit garments
from the second plaintiff.

9 On 8 May 2007, the second plaintiff and Elda Singapore entered into a
contract setting out the general conditions of purchase and delivery (“the
General Conditions”) which would apply to all the orders subsequently placed
by the second plaintiff. The General Conditions included clauses providing
that “[t]he business relationship between the [second plaintiff] and [Elda
Singapore] exists solely in the individual purchase agreements” and that there
was “no obligation on the [second plaintiff]’s part to continue to purchase
from [Elda Singapore]”. Elda Singapore was also restrained from dealing
directly or indirectly with the Buyers (defined as Esprit de Corps (Far East)
Limited and Esprit Macao Commercial Offshore Limited) for a period of two
years from the date of the second plaintiff placing its last order with Elda
Singapore. However, there was no other restriction in the General Conditions
on the Elda Companies manufacturing garments for parties other than the second
plaintiff. Beginning in July 2007, a number of orders were placed by the
second plaintiff and successfully fulfilled by Elda Vietnam. Payment for the
second plaintiff’s orders when fulfilled by Elda Vietnam was made by the
second plaintiff to Elda Singapore, while setting off the cost of materials
and accessories supplied. Elda Singapore in turn provided funds to Elda
Vietnam. Elda Vietnam had no other source of funds.

10 Unfortunately, relations between the defendants and the Tans soon soured,
largely due to conflict between the first defendant and Mr Peter Tan. Disputes
arose over the first defendant’s alleged failure to keep proper accounts in
respect of money that Elda Singapore sent to him in Vietnam to pay for
expenses incurred in the establishment of the factory and also over the manner
in which the Tans kept the accounts for Elda Singapore. The first defendant
also alleged that Mr Peter Tan had failed to seek the approval of the
defendants before procuring from the first plaintiff a second loan to Elda
Singapore amounting to US$116,780, this time for the purchase of sewing
machines (“the Machinery Loan”), in December 2006. The first defendant and Mr
Peter Tan increasingly came to consider each other to be mismanaging the
affairs of Elda Vietnam, and would from time to time communicate their
grievances to Mr Mok, who made some attempts to intercede. In September 2007,
Mr Mok, who had formed the view that he would rather deal with Mr Peter Tan as
the head of Elda Vietnam, persuaded the first defendant to agree to appoint Mr
Peter Tan as the legal representative and general director of Elda Vietnam and
the authorised representative of Elda Singapore (“the Appointment Agreement”).
A resolution to that effect was passed on 1 October 2007 (“the October 2007
Resolution”). The first defendant then filed the necessary paperwork with
BDIZA to appoint Mr Peter Tan as the legal representative and general director
of Elda Vietnam, but, unknown to the others, he chose to retain his own
position as authorised representative of Elda Singapore. BDIZA duly issued an
amended investment certificate stating that Mr Peter Tan was the legal
representative of Elda Vietnam.

11 By mid-2008, Elda Vietnam’s design printing department and garment
manufacturing department were effectively being run as two separate fiefdoms,
albeit working on the same orders and in the same premises. Each department
was separately funded and even hired its own security guards. The two
departments were physically separated by a wall within the factory and the
defendants and the Tans rarely visited each other’s departments.

12 It turned out that good fences were not enough to make good neighbours.
Despite the de facto division between the defendants’ and the Tans’
operations, the first defendant and Mr Peter Tan continued to clash over
issues such as the apportioning of Elda Vietnam’s profits and shared expenses
(such as utilities and rent of the premises) and the first defendant’s
accounting practices. In mid-2008, the first defendant proposed that Elda
Vietnam be legally divided into two separate companies: a design printing
company, to be run by the defendants, and a garment manufacturing company, to
be run by the Tans. It was hoped that this would allow both resulting
companies to continue fulfilling the second plaintiff’s orders. Although the
Tans were receptive to this proposal (“the Elda Division Agreement”), the
agreement subsequently fell apart due to disagreement over certain financial
and administrative details. The division never took place.

13 In November 2008, the defendants purported to convene a meeting of the
members’ council. As they were the only attendees there was no quorum. Despite
this, they voted to remove Mr Peter Tan from his positions as legal
representative and general director of Elda Vietnam and to reappoint the first
defendant to those positions. The first defendant then used the minutes of the
purported meeting in support of an application to BDIZA for an amended
investment certificate stating that the first defendant was the legal
representative of Elda Vietnam. This was issued in due course upon the
surrender of the previous amended investment certificate, which the first
defendant had earlier obtained from Mr Peter Tan for the stated purpose of
approaching a prospective investor or customer, who would wish to see the
certificate.

14 On 11 December 2008, the first defendant obtained the company seal from Mr
Peter Tan; the plaintiffs allege that he did so by snatching the seal from Mr
Peter Tan after asking to meet him on false pretences. The first defendant
asserted that he was entitled to retain the seal because he was the legal
representative of Elda Vietnam, as reflected on the amended investment
certificate. Mr Peter Tan filed a police report alleging that the first
defendant had perpetrated a fraud on him and Elda Vietnam, and this led to the
company seal and the amended investment certificate being confiscated by the
police and handed over to BDIZA. Around the same time, the first defendant
called Elda Vietnam’s bank and instructed it to freeze the accounts to which
Mr Peter Tan had access, preventing him from using those funds for expenses
including the company’s payroll. This, combined with the unavailability of the
company seal, which had to be affixed to a certificate of origin in respect of
the goods, caused significant delays in the export of garments ordered by the
second plaintiff. The second plaintiff was displeased, as it incurred late
delivery fees and faced a risk of losing Esprit’s business.

15 Subsequently, there were court proceedings in Vietnam which allowed Mr
Peter Tan to temporarily retrieve the company seal and use it to secure the
certification and export of some but not all of the outstanding garment
shipments. There were also attempts to permanently resolve the dispute between
the parties with BDIZA’s assistance or through private negotiations. One such
attempt was a proposal by the first defendant that the defendants’ shares in
Elda Singapore be bought over by the Tans in order to allow the defendants to
wash their hands of the business. This proposal was accepted in modified form
(“the Share Purchase Agreement”), with the shares to be bought by Mr Mok
rather than the Tans, but was abandoned due to a deadline set by Mr Mok for
the export of the outstanding garment shipments not being met. Eventually, the
delays caused Esprit to cease placing further orders with the second plaintiff
and the tussle between the first defendant and Mr Peter Tan led to a cessation
of Elda Vietnam’s operations. The first plaintiff then served a statutory
demand on Elda Singapore and succeeded in having it wound up by the court on 4
September 2009. Elda Vietnam was later wound up as well.

The plaintiffs’ claims

16 The plaintiffs assert that the defendants breached contractual obligations
which they owed the plaintiffs under:

(a) the Joint Venture Agreement;

(b) the Working Capital Loan and the Machinery Loan;

(c) the Appointment Agreement;

(d) the Elda Division Agreement; and

(e) the Share Purchase Agreement.

17 The plaintiffs further assert that the defendants are liable to them:

(a) for the torts of unlawful means conspiracy, inducing breach of contract,
and negligence;

(b) for breach of fiduciary duty;

(c) under s 340(1) of the Companies Act (Cap 50, 2006 Rev Ed); and

(d) for an indemnity, arising in law or in equity, in respect of all their
losses.

18 The defendants deny that they owed the plaintiffs any obligations in
contract or any duty of care in tort. They also contest various factual
assertions on which the plaintiffs depend.

19 Additionally, the defendants claim an indemnity or contribution from the
third party on the basis that she was also to blame for the losses caused to
the plaintiffs. The third party denies her involvement in the acts complained
of.

The contractual claims

20 The foreign elements in this dispute could have given rise to numerous and
potentially complex conflict of laws issues had they been pleaded. The
defendants, however, have not pleaded foreign law and the plaintiffs have
sought to prove foreign law only in respect of certain aspects of Vietnamese
company law: specifically, the statutory requirements concerning incorporation
and the appointment of representatives, the rights of a company’s owner in
respect of management decisions, and the duties of a company’s officers. None
of these issues affect the law governing the various claims which the
plaintiffs have brought. Where parties do not plead foreign law, the court
will apply Singapore law by default: see EFT Holdings, Inc and another v
Marinteknik Shipbuilders (S) Pte Ltd and another [2014] 1 SLR 860 (“EFT
Holdings”) at [58]–[61]. I shall therefore proceed on the basis that Singapore
law applies, while giving due recognition to Vietnamese laws and regulations
to the extent that they have been proven and where they are material to the
issues which I must decide.

The Joint Venture Agreement

21 The plaintiffs argue that the July 2006 Discussions created an oral
contract, which they refer to as the Joint Venture Agreement, between the
plaintiffs, the defendants, and the Tans. Under the Joint Venture Agreement,
the first defendant and Mr Peter Tan promised to set up the new factory and Mr
Mok promised, on the second plaintiff’s behalf, to place orders with the new
factory. Further, this contract included an implied term that that the parties
to the contract would perform it “diligently and lawfully”. The defendants
deny that the Joint Venture Agreement existed at all.

The details of the July 2006 Discussions

22 The scope of inquiry has been considerably narrowed by the state of the
pleadings. It is trite that a party is bound by its pleadings and its case is
confined to the issues raised in them. The plaintiffs have pleaded, and have
sought to prove, that the Joint Venture Agreement was an oral contract formed
in July 2006 during the July 2006 Discussions. Consequently, the only question
to be addressed here is whether the July 2006 Discussions indeed led to the
creation of the Joint Venture Agreement, and not whether a contract similar to
the Joint Venture Agreement could have been formed at some later point (for
instance, around the time the Working Capital Loan was extended). In the
analysis below, statements and conduct postdating the July 2006 Discussions
have been disregarded except to the extent that they help to confirm or
contradict claims concerning what was agreed at those discussions.

Mr Peter Tan’s account

23 According to Mr Peter Tan’s affidavit of evidence-in-chief (“AEIC”), the
July 2006 Discussions were initiated by Mr Mok, who invited him and the first
defendant to set up a business in Vietnam to carry out contract manufacturing
for “Leonard Mok’s group of companies” (ie, the Group). I note that he did not
at any point claim that Mr Mok had proposed an agreement with the plaintiffs
specifically. The context of these discussions was the increasing cost of
manufacturing garments in Singapore. During these discussions, a firm
agreement was reached that the defendants and the Tans would set up Elda
Singapore to be the holding company of Elda Vietnam, which would operate a new
factory in Vietnam, and that the Group would thereafter place orders with the
new factory. There was no written record of the discussion or the agreement.

24 In his AEIC, Mr Peter Tan described the parties as personal friends and
asserted that prior to the July 2006 Discussions, “[t]he business [between the
parties] was such that it was run largely on trust and friendliness”.
Regarding the parties involved in the July 2006 Discussions, he stated that
they were Mr Mok, the defendants, and the Tans. However, under cross-
examination, he clarified that only he, Mr Mok, and the first defendant were
involved in those discussions, and that the agreement was communicated to the
second defendant and the third party after the fact. Mr Peter Tan also stated
under cross-examination that there was no suggestion that Elda Vietnam would
be required to contract exclusively with the second plaintiff or the Group,
and that Elda Vietnam was thus free to sell to other customers. He made no
mention of Mr Mok promising any financial support other than the placing of
orders.

Mr Mok’s account

25 Mr Mok’s account is consistent with Mr Peter Tan’s in a number of respects
(unsurprisingly, since his AEIC expressly adopted the account of events stated
in Mr Peter Tan’s AEIC). One significant point of departure is that he
asserted, in his AEIC, that the July 2006 Discussions were conducted with
reference to the plaintiffs in particular, and not the Group generally.
Despite this, the language he used in recounting his conversation with the
first defendant and Mr Peter Tan was notably vague with regard to the precise
companies on whose behalf he was negotiating; for instance, he stated that “I
told them I was willing to support them financially” (emphasis added). He also
stated under cross-examination that “we use a lot of company names to do
business”.

26 Mr Mok asserted that the second plaintiff was to be Elda Vietnam’s sole
customer. However, he admitted on the stand that the General Conditions later
agreed between the second plaintiff and Elda Singapore were inconsistent with
this assertion. Additionally, Mr Mok stated in his AEIC, without providing
further details, that part of the agreement was a promise that the plaintiffs
would give the Elda Companies financial support in addition to placing orders.
Mr Mok also attempted to explain the lack of a written record of the Joint
Venture Agreement, stating, in his Supplemental AEIC, “I did not request that
an agreement be reduced to writing, as we were all traditional business people
and I felt that everyone would act honourably based largely on trust and
friendship.” This was the manner in which he was accustomed to doing business
with the defendants and the Tans, who were (as he emphasised under cross-
examination) friends rather than mere business associates.

The first defendant’s account

27 The first defendant stated in his AEIC that:

On or around June 2006, the plaintiffs and Mr Tan Siew Kiah proposed to the
1st Defendant together with Mr Tan Siew Kiah to jointly set up a holding and
administrative servicing company (ELDA INSTINCT GARMENTS PTE LTD) in Singapore
and to set up a factory (ELDA VIETNAM) in Vietnam for the purpose of
manufacturing Garments for the Plaintiffs[.]

28 I do not consider the difference in the month to be material (particularly
since the statement includes the words “or around”) and, although Mr Mok’s
name does not appear here, it is uncontroversial that he was the person
representing the plaintiffs in the negotiations. However, I note the ambiguity
in this statement concerning the outcome of the proposal and the meaning of
“for the purpose of manufacturing Garments for the Plaintiffs” (specifically,
whether this implies an exclusive relationship). What is clear from the first
defendant’s AEIC is his position that the second defendant and the third party
were not present at the discussions, that the proposal originated from the
plaintiffs, and that its content included the setting up of Elda Vietnam and
Elda Singapore and the purchase of garments by the plaintiffs.

29 After some initial confusion during cross-examination as to who, precisely,
first proposed the setting up of the new factory, the first defendant gave a
more detailed account of the July 2006 Discussions which confirmed that Mr Mok
had originated the idea:

Q Well, was he [Mr Mok] part of the discussions with you, with you and Peter
Tan? Did he offer you any---well, let---just keep it that way. Was he involved
in any of the discussions between you and Mr Peter Tan on the Vietnam
investment?

A … The involvement here is he [Mr Mok] brought up the idea because prior to
that, Max-Sun has also asked us all---also asked another Singapore company to
set up in Vietnam and he tell us it’s doing well, doing good. So he said he
will need another factory to be set up but not exactly specified Vietnam. It
could be China, it could be anywhere else for that matter. But did hint to us
Vietnam wa---is a good place, asked us to go there and do a survey and see
whether it suit our requirement. So me and Mr Peter [Tan] went over to Vietnam
and we do a survey, visited the first factory. And we found that we can try,
okay, we---because that’s the nearest and we find it’s the lowest investment
on---put it that way that we can afford. So we went there. And after visiting
a few of these places, factory, and we find out what are the costs involved,
and we compare with what we have, we find that we are still not very
comfortable, short. That’s when we approached Mr Mok, “If we were to set up in
Vietnam, will you help to give us a loan?” And that’s when he start to get
involved.

[emphasis added in italics and bold italics]

30 Significantly, the proposal according to the first defendant was phrased in
rather tentative terms, with the implementation of the plan being contingent
on the first defendant’s and Mr Peter Tan’s assessment of its viability
following their surveys in Vietnam. It can also be seen that the first
defendant was, at this point in his testimony, still resisting the idea that
Mr Mok made any kind of firm promise of support. He later admitted that a
promise to place orders with the new factory was made, but denied that part of
the bargain was for the second plaintiff to be Elda Vietnam’s sole customer:

Q Mr Tang, who approached who first?

A Mr Mok approached us and telling us we should consider setting up a factory
outside Singapore.

Q And did he say it was to produce garments for him, the plaintiffs?

A No.

Q But this is what you said in your affidavit.

A Yes. What I meant in---er, my usage is, he would support us in a way that he
will give us a order but it’s not limited to solely the sole customer.

Q Right. So now you are telling us that Mr Mok did say that he will support
you by giving you orders?

A He can give us order but, mm, as you can see from the contract, there’s no
binding. That means he can any time stop or at\---continue. He said he will
give us order just like in Singapore. There’s no obligation between us or
contract between us.

[emphasis added]

31 The first defendant went on to acknowledge that Mr Mok’s promise – although
the first defendant objects to the word – was crucial to the first defendant’s
decision to proceed with the plan:

Q Right. He did keep his promise.

A It’s not a promise. It’s a business---business, er, kind of arrangement to
help us. If we set up, then he have to help us with something, somewhere,
mm---

Q He has to help you, did you say?

A That means in giving us the confident [sic], don’t hesitate and go there
because without any customer, we have to set up a factory and then look for
buyer. It’s very difficult.

Q Right. So if you didn’t have the confidence that you have customers---

A Mm.

Q ---you would not have gone to set up the factory?

A At that stage, yes.

[emphasis added]

32 The first defendant strenuously denied, however, that Mr Mok’s promises had
included the extension of a loan or other kind of financial support other than
the placement of orders. He also asserted that Mr Mok, the defendants, and the
Tans were only business associates, not personal friends.

The second defendant’s and third party’s accounts

33 Both the second defendant and the third party stated that they were not
present at the July 2006 Discussions and were only informed of the plans after
agreement had been reached. Their evidence on this point was not disputed.

My conclusions on the evidence

34 All things considered, I am inclined to accept most of the first
defendant’s account of the July 2006 Discussions. I do so with caution as I
found him at times to be somewhat evasive and self-serving, in the sense that
he would adopt the interpretation which most suited him when confronted with
an ambiguous or unclear question. I am also of the view that some of his
testimony regarding other issues arising in this dispute was simply untrue
(see [73] below). Despite this, his answers to clear and specific questions
concerning the July 2006 Discussions struck me as convincing and reasonable.

35 Crucially, his account was supported in some key respects by Mr Peter Tan’s
evidence and by undisputed background facts. Regarding the questions of
whether financial support was promised and whether the second plaintiff was to
be Elda Vietnam’s sole customer, Mr Peter Tan – a witness firmly in Mr Mok’s
camp as far as these proceedings were concerned, and whom I found to be
generally credible – made no mention of a promise of financial support.
According to Mr Peter Tan’s AEIC it was only after Elda Singapore was
established that the first defendant asked Mr Mok for some financial support.

36 In fact, Mr Peter Tan did not suggest that either plaintiff was mentioned
during the July 2006 Discussions. His evidence was that Mr Mok had made the
proposal that the defendants and the Tans act as contract manufacturers in
Vietnam for the Group, not the plaintiffs specifically. This would be
consistent with Mr Mok’s own oral testimony that “we use a lot of company
names to do business.” I understood this to mean that when entering a
transaction, Mr Mok or Mr Wong would choose whichever of the companies in the
Group would make the most convenient conduit for that particular purpose. It
would make sense, therefore, for Mr Mok or Mr Wong to have decided only later
that the first plaintiff was to make loans and the second plaintiff was to
place orders, rather than to have committed the plaintiffs to those roles
during the July 2006 Discussions.

37 I note that such a finding does not accord with the first defendant’s own
concession that the July 2006 Discussions concerned the plaintiffs or at least
the first plaintiff. However, the first defendant Mr Tang is a litigant-in-
person and cannot be expected to write and speak with the precision of a
lawyer. When the full picture is assessed, it is clear to me that what
mattered to the parties was that Mr Mok represented the Group generally, which
no doubt included the first plaintiff; they were not concerned, at that point,
with exactly which members of the Group they would eventually be dealing with.
I therefore prefer Mr Peter Tan’s evidence on this specific point.

38 Turning to the question of exclusivity, Mr Peter Tan corroborated the first
defendant’s assertions by stating in no uncertain terms that Elda Vietnam was
free to contract with any customer it wished. Indeed, Mr Mok himself
recognised that, with regard to the second point, the terms of the General
Conditions were inconsistent with his position. Although the General
Conditions were entered into much later, I can see no reason why they would
omit any reference to exclusivity (and, to the contrary, provide that the
relationship consisted only in the individual orders placed) if exclusivity
had all along been contemplated.

39 I am also convinced that the first defendant and Mr Peter Tan did not
firmly commit, during the July 2006 Discussions, to setting up the factory.
Without suggesting that Mr Mok and Mr Peter Tan were intentionally misstating
the content of the discussions, I find it unlikely that the first defendant
and Mr Peter Tan would have been prepared to commit to Mr Mok’s proposal
before having had an opportunity to assess the many factors (such as site
suitability and set-up costs) which would determine whether the proposal was
viable. That they would make such a commitment is especially hard to believe
given that on both the first defendant’s and Mr Peter Tan’s evidence, the only
promise Mr Mok had made at the time was that the Group or the second plaintiff
would place an unspecified quantity and value of orders after the new factory
had been set up. Until such time, the Group was not to have any kind of
obligation to the first defendant and Mr Peter Tan. In such circumstances, it
was far more likely that the parties would have formed a loose, provisional
understanding which might have led to firmer commitments depending on the
outcome of the site survey and other inquiries.

40 I put to one side the question of whether the parties were friends or
merely business associates, this being a highly subjective matter. Perhaps Mr
Mok and the Tans perceived the whole circle as being friends; perhaps the
defendants were less friendly and had a different perception. The relevant
point is that regardless of how the relationship is labelled, the parties knew
and trusted each other, which no one disputes.

41 For these reasons, I am of the view that during the July 2006 Discussions:

(a) Mr Mok on behalf of the Group:

(i) stated that the Group – and not either of the plaintiffs specifically –
was looking for a new contractor to set up and operate a factory outside of
Singapore which could manufacture garments for them to meet orders from
Esprit;

(ii) suggested that the first defendant and Mr Peter Tan consider setting up
and operating such a factory in Vietnam;

(iii) stated that if the first defendant and Mr Peter Tan did so, the Group
would place orders which were to be fulfilled by the new factory;

(iv) did not specify a particular quantity of orders or the duration of the
arrangement;

(v) did not state that the new factory would be required to have no other
customers but the Group;

(vi) did not mention the possibility of the Group granting a loan or other
funding; and

(vii) did not state any expectation that the Group would have a say in the
management of the new factory or any company created to set up and operate it.

(b) The first defendant and Mr Peter Tan:

(i) stated that they were open to the proposal;

(ii) stated that they would go to Vietnam to assess the suitability of factory
sites and the viability of the proposal;

(iii) did not give a firm commitment to actually set up the new factory; and

(iv) did not ask for a loan or other funding.

(c) The second defendant and the third party were not involved in the
discussions.

The legal questions to be answered

42 As I indicated above, it has been established that Mr Mok proposed that the
first defendant and Mr Peter Tan consider setting up the new factory and
stated that the Group would be prepared to place orders for that factory to
fulfil. It has also been established that the first defendant and Mr Peter Tan
agreed to travel to Vietnam to assess the viability of the proposal. The main
question is whether this created a binding contract or merely gave rise to an
informal understanding binding only in honour. There are also the matters of
who the parties to it were, what the terms of the contract were, and whether
those terms were breached.

Who were the relevant parties?

43 To begin with, it is plain to me that contrary to the plaintiffs’
submission, the second defendant and the third party could not have been
parties to the alleged oral contract. It is undisputed that neither of them
was present at the July 2006 Discussions. They were only informed afterwards
of the decision which their spouses had already made. It is true that that the
second defendant and the third party were married to the first defendant and
Mr Peter Tan respectively and were their long-time business partners. However,
that is an insufficient basis to assume that in July 2006, the first defendant
and Mr Peter Tan were authorised to contract on behalf of their spouses
regarding the establishment of the new factory especially as there was no
evidence of any prior consultation with the wives. It is also apparent to me
that the first defendant and Mr Peter Tan were viewed by Mr Mok as (and viewed
themselves as) the prime movers of their respective businesses. It would
likely have been assumed by the men that the second defendant and the third
party would assist their husbands as a matter of course as they had always
done. It would not have been thought necessary to make them parties to any
agreement.

44 Further, I find that the second plaintiff too could not have been a party
to the Joint Venture Agreement. The plaintiffs failed to show that the second
plaintiff was even in existence in July 2006. Although they adduced
documentary evidence of the first plaintiff’s date of incorporation, they did
not state – let alone adduce any evidence of – the second plaintiff’s date of
incorporation. This was a curious omission. In fact, the available evidence
pointed toward a later date of incorporation. In the course of Mr Mok’s
testimony, it emerged that the second plaintiff was incorporated specifically
to do business with Esprit using the Elda Companies as the manufacturer.
Although no one enquired in court as to the date of the second plaintiff’s
incorporation, it is highly likely that this was some time after the Elda
Companies were set up. Such a conclusion would be consistent with Mr Tan’s
assertion that the joint venture between the Tans and the defendants was to
establish a factory in Vietnam to manufacture garments for the Group generally
without identifying the particular company which would be the purchaser. If
indeed the second plaintiff was only incorporated after the Elda Companies,
the second plaintiff could not have been a party to the Joint Venture
Agreement unless an argument could be made that this was a pre-incorporation
contract which was subsequently ratified. No such argument was made before me.

45 Thus, I find that the Joint Venture Agreement, if it existed, could only
have been between the first plaintiff, the first defendant, and Mr Peter Tan.

Did the Joint Venture Agreement exist?

46 The law distinguishes between contracts which are substantially complete,
but have further terms remaining to be agreed, and purported contracts which
lack certainty even as to essential terms. The former may be valid contracts;
the latter are not. A common sub-species of the latter type is the agreement
to negotiate a future contract. It is well-established that such agreements do
not have contractual force: United Artists Singapore Theatres Pte Ltd and
another v Parkway Properties Pte Ltd and another [2003] 1 SLR(R) 791 at [214],
citing Courtney & Fairbairn Ltd v Tolaini Brothers (Hotels) Ltd [1975] 1 WLR
297 at 301 (affirmed on appeal without dispute on this point in Parkway
Properties Pte Ltd and another v United Artists Singapore Theatres Pte Ltd and
another [2003] 2 SLR(R) 103).

47 On the evidence, I am not persuaded that the so-called Joint Venture
Agreement had contractual force even between the first plaintiff, the first
defendant, and Mr Peter Tan. This is primarily because the statements made by
the parties during the July 2006 Discussions were too tentative and vague to
be the basis of a contract or to establish consideration for it. Terms which
would be crucial to the contract pleaded by the plaintiffs were left
unsettled, including:

(a) Whether the first defendant and Mr Peter Tan would set up the new factory
at all (this being subject to their assessment of viability following their
trips to Vietnam);

(b) Where the new factory would be located, and its attributes;

(c) The quantity of orders which the group would place;

(d) The broad terms on which such orders would be made;

(e) The type of financial assistance, if any, that the Group would be
rendering to the new venture; and

(f) The identity of the parties to the contract (specifically, which members
of the Group were contracting with the first defendant and Mr Peter Tan).

48 These were not terms which could have all been left to be negotiated later
whilst still creating a contract. Without them, all the parties had was an
understanding that one or more members of the Group would want to direct some
amount of business to the new factory if it was set up, coupled with an
expectation of further negotiations after they had had an opportunity to
assess the viability of the proposal. The fact that Mr Mok did not specify
which of the various companies he controlled or represented was entering into
the agreement is particularly troubling. Conceivably, the understanding could
have been that the entire Group was entering into the contract, though the
actual orders could later come from any member of the Group. Even taking that
charitable interpretation (which was not the plaintiffs’ case), there would
still be a great deal of uncertainty given that the Group not only consisted
of “many” companies – some of which might not have been known to the first
defendant and Mr Peter Tan – but could have members added to it at any time to
suit Mr Mok’s and Mr Wong’s convenience. There was hence not only uncertainty
as to whom the first defendant and Mr Peter Tan would ultimately be supplying
garments to, but also uncertainty as to whom they could enforce the Joint
Venture Agreement against.

49 It is also significant in my view that the parties did not, at the time of
the discussion, have any idea of the investment that would be required from
the defendants and the Tans or the amount of any possible shortfall which
could be made up with assistance from the plaintiffs. In short, they had no
way of knowing if the enterprise would be commercially viable. Thus, the July
2006 Discussions seem to me to have been more in the nature of exploratory
talks on the possibility of doing business together rather than negotiations
toward a definite agreement for a joint venture.

50 Moreover, it is telling that no mention was ever made of the Joint Venture
Agreement – whether in documents such as e-mails and meeting minutes, or in
oral discussions recounted by the witnesses – until these proceedings were
instituted. Even when the conflict between the first defendant and Mr Peter
Tan (into which Mr Mok was also dragged) was at its most heated, and both men
were seeking ammunition to use against each other, it was never suggested that
either of them might be in breach of personal obligations owed to each other
and to the plaintiffs. Mr Mok himself, in a reply in late 2008 to an e-mail
from the first defendant asking him to assist in forcing a final resolution to
the conflict, took the view that the conflict was an internal matter for the
first defendant and Mr Peter Tan to resolve between themselves, and that he
did not wish to be bothered further. Such an attitude would be inexplicable if
the parties had believed that they owed personal obligations to each other
under the Joint Venture Agreement. I think it more likely that the Joint
Venture Agreement was a late invention tailored to bring the plaintiffs’
grievances against the defendants personally within a recognised cause of
action.

51 Finally, although I recognise that the first defendant and Mr Peter Tan, in
assessing the new factory’s viability, relied on Mr Mok’s promise that the
second plaintiff would give business to the new factory, that reliance cannot
be the decisive factor. It is precisely to address such situations that the
law recognises restitutionary remedies which allow parties in appropriate
cases to receive compensation for work done, or losses incurred, by acting on
an understanding falling short of a contract. Indeed, the case law is replete
with examples of business people incurring significant expenses pursuing
endeavours which had not been – and which they knew had not been –
contractually agreed: see, for example, the facts in Cobbe v Yeoman’s Row
Management Ltd and another [2008] 1 WLR 1752 at [12]. In that case, Mr Cobbe
took it on faith that the other party would perform a promise which he knew to
be binding only in honour. Similarly, if Mr Mok is right that the parties’
relationship was governed by the expectation that “everyone would act
honourably based largely on trust and friendship” – a sentiment echoed by Mr
Peter Tan – I find it all the more probable that the first defendant and Mr
Tan would have been prepared to take it on faith that Mr Mok would deliver on
his promise in some form, without any expectation that that promise would be
contractually binding.

52 For these reasons, I find that the Joint Venture Agreement did not exist.

If the Joint Venture Agreement did exist, did it contain an implied term that
the parties to it would act diligently and lawfully?

53 Since I have decided that the Joint Venture Agreement did not exist, it is
not strictly necessary for me to consider what its terms would have been and
whether they were breached. For completeness, however, I set out below what my
decision would be had I been persuaded that the Joint Venture Agreement did
exist.

54 The only express obligations under the purported Joint Venture Agreement
were (a) for the first defendant and Mr Peter Tan to set up a company to
operate a factory in Vietnam and (b) for the second plaintiff to place at
least some orders with that factory. Both of these obligations were performed.
However, the plaintiffs argue that the oral contract also contained an implied
obligation “to act lawfully and diligently in their implementation of the said
agreement” which the first defendant breached by the course of conduct
described at [10] and [13]–[14] above.

55 I find this submission difficult to accept. Directors no doubt have a duty
to act lawfully and diligently by virtue of their office – and this appears to
be the case under Vietnamese law as well, according to the AEIC filed by the
plaintiffs’ expert witness – but that is a duty owed to the company and not to
other parties who might deal with the company, such as the second plaintiff. I
was not referred to any authority to suggest that a broader obligation can be
implied in law, whether in contracts generally or in a relevant specific
category of contracts. Indeed, such a duty seems to me to come perilously
close to a general implied duty of good faith in the performance of contracts.
It has already been established that such a duty does not, at present, exist
in Singapore law: Ng Giap Hon v Westcomb Securities Pte Ltd and others [2009]
3 SLR(R) 518 at [60].

56 That leaves only implication in fact as a possibility (discounting the
possibility of implication by custom, regarding which no relevant evidence was
led). Even assuming that there was a suitable lacuna in the Joint Venture
Agreement under the first stage of the test laid down by the Court of Appeal
in Sembcorp Marine Ltd v PPL Holdings Pte Ltd and another appeal [2013] 4 SLR
193 at [94]–[95], the terms which the plaintiffs seek to imply fail both the
business efficacy and the officious bystander tests. Given that the Joint
Venture Agreement purportedly imposed absolute obligations on the first
defendant and Mr Peter Tan to set up the new factory and on the second
plaintiff to place orders with it, it is unclear how imposing a duty to act
diligently and lawfully could add any business efficacy which would otherwise
be missing. If the first defendant and Mr Peter Tan had failed to set up the
new factory, they would on the plaintiffs’ own case have been in breach; had
the second plaintiff failed to place any orders after the new factory had been
set up, it would have been in breach. Diligence and lawfulness need not enter
the picture. For the same reason, had an officious bystander suggested adding
an express term of lawful and diligent implementation of the agreement, I see
nothing to suggest that both parties would have said that the term goes
without saying. On the contrary, I expect that the parties to the contract
would have disputed the need for such a term.

57 For the foregoing reasons, I dismiss the plaintiffs’ claims against the
defendants under the Joint Venture Agreement.

The Working Capital Loan Agreement and the Machinery Loan Agreement

58 It is clear that the two loan agreements existed, that the loans were made,
and that they were not repaid. I do not think it necessary to inquire further
(eg, into the exact terms of the loan agreements and the disputes concerning
the defendants’ knowledge of the Machinery Loan Agreement) for the simple
reason that neither loan agreement involved the defendants personally. These
were loans made by the first plaintiff to Elda Singapore, and thus the only
claims that could be made were claims by the first plaintiff against Elda
Singapore. Indeed, in 2009 the first plaintiff had successfully applied to
have Elda Singapore wound up on the basis of that indebtedness. That must be
the end of the matter, unless the first plaintiff can show that the defendants
had assumed personal liability in respect of the loans.

59 The only justification which the plaintiffs offer for seeking repayment
from the defendants emerged in the course of a series of clarifying questions
which I asked Mr Mok:

Court: If the loan is not repaid, you have---

Witness: Yes.

Court: ---to sue Elda Singapore. Is that not correct?

Witness: Yes.

Court: Yes. So why are you [suing] the defendant for a loan made to somebody
else?

Maybe you should explain that in Chinese?

Witness: Because we have, er, agreement and contract to go [sic] business with
them to Vietnam.

[emphasis added]

60 In other words, the two loan agreements were only raised in this dispute
because it was alleged that the defendants’ duty to act diligently and
lawfully under the Joint Venture Agreement extended to procuring Elda
Singapore’s repayment of the two loans. In the light of my findings regarding
Joint Venture Agreement, the first plaintiff’s claim under the two loan
agreements must also fail.

The Appointment Agreement

61 The plaintiffs assert that the Appointment Agreement amounted to a contract
to give Mr Peter Tan absolute control of Elda Vietnam which the defendants
breached by failing to appoint Mr Peter Tan to the position of authorised
representative and, subsequently, by removing him from the other two positions
of general director and legal representative. The plaintiffs’ pleading in this
regard was that in September 2007, Mr Mok informed the defendants that as a
condition to the second plaintiff continuing to place orders with Elda
Singapore, the plaintiffs required Mr Peter Tan to be appointed to take charge
of Elda Vietnam.

62 In court, however, Mr Mok’s evidence fell short of an ultimatum. He stated
in his AEIC that he had felt he would be more comfortable if Mr Peter Tan was
fully in charge of Elda Vietnam’s operations as the latter was more
experienced in the general management of a garment manufacturing company. He
said:

I therefore spoke separately to both Steven Tang and Peter Tan. I told them
both that once Elda [Vietnam] started production for the 2nd Plaintiff, we
would be sending substantial amount of materials to Elda [Vietnam]. It would
be a heavy responsibility to ensure that the operations went smoothly. They
both agreed that Peter Tan would be put in charge of Elda [Vietnam].
Subsequently, sometime in November 2007, Peter Tan informed me that he had
been formally appointed as the general director of Elda [Vietnam]. …

63 The evidence from the other parties was equivocal. The first defendant
testified that he had understood Mr Mok to be making “a threat” to withdraw
the Group’s custom from the Elda Companies. However, Mr Peter Tan stated in
his AEIC that Mr Mok had merely “requested” the appointment and said that “if
he were to place orders with Elda [Singapore], and send his raw materials to
Elda [Vietnam], he would want me to be in charge” (emphasis added). He denied
under cross-examination that he had understood Mr Mok to be making a threat.
The third party, too, described Mr Mok’s statement as a request. Further, the
first defendant and Mr Peter Tan agreed that the statement had been made in
the context of Mr Mok’s ongoing attempts to mediate between the parties with a
view toward reconciliation.

64 Whichever label is applied, I accept that Mr Mok expressed his proposal for
Mr Peter Tan to take over in fairly robust terms, including the possibility
that the Group might otherwise cease to deal with the Elda Companies. My
doubts concern the existence of sufficient consideration and the intention to
create legal relations necessary to form a contract. It was not clear that Mr
Mok had made any firm promise on behalf of the plaintiffs in exchange for the
promise to appoint Mr Peter Tan. The General Conditions, under which the
second plaintiff had no continuing obligation to place orders, remained in
force, and there was no suggestion that the second plaintiff was to relinquish
or restrict its freedom under the General Conditions if Mr Peter Tan was
appointed. I therefore cannot locate any consideration on the plaintiffs’
part.

65 I am also not convinced that there was an intention to create legal
relations. Although such intention is presumed in commercial contexts, I find
that the surrounding circumstances militate against it in this case. The
plaintiffs did not approach the discussion as a contractual negotiation.
Rather, Mr Mok – having been invited to act as peacemaker – was attempting to
use his influence to end the impasse within the Elda Companies so that they
could get on with business. It is easy enough to understand why the defendants
and the Tans would acquiesce in Mr Mok’s proposal: as the representative of
the Elda Companies’ only customer, he was in a strong position to influence
the Elda Companies’ decisions. Such acquiescence reflected a bowing to
commercial pressure (as well as the fact that the Tans’ interests were
furthered by the proposal), not an intention to create legal relations between
the parties concerned.

66 In these circumstances, I cannot locate the legal elements required to make
the so-called Appointment Agreement a legally binding contract, either between
the second plaintiff, the defendants, and the Tans or, as alternatively argued
by the plaintiffs, between the plaintiffs and the defendants alone.

The Elda Division Agreement

67 The plaintiffs assert that the defendants breached the Elda Division
Agreement by not performing their side of the bargain, causing the process to
stall. I am not inclined to deal with this argument in depth for the simple
reason that the Elda Division Agreement had nothing to do with the plaintiffs.
This is apparent from Mr Mok’s statement in his AEIC that “[s]eeing that it
was so difficult for Peter Tan and Steven Tang to work together, I told them
that I had no objection to this”. Mr Peter Tan puts it even more clearly in
his AEIC, in which he states that:

… sometime in July 2008, Steven Tang told me that he wanted to divide Elda
[Vietnam] into two separate companies and we could then each go our way. I
agreed to this. We informed Leonard Mok who said that he had no objection to
this as well.

68 Clearly, the plaintiffs were outsiders with an indirect interest in the
proposed division (and who thus deserved to be informed of the agreement
through Mr Mok), but were not themselves parties to the Elda Division
Agreement. They therefore have no standing to claim under it.

The Share Purchase Agreement

69 The plaintiffs assert that on or around 22 January 2009, the plaintiffs and
the defendants arrived at an oral agreement for the plaintiffs to purchase the
defendants’ shares in Elda Singapore (“the Share Purchase Agreement”), and
that the defendants breached the Share Purchase Agreement. This argument is
obviously unsustainable. The terms of the oral agreement were recorded in an
e-mail sent by Mr Mok to the defendants on 22 January 2009. The e-mail shows a
contract between the defendants, the Tans and Mr Mok. Nothing suggests that
the plaintiffs were parties to this contract. Further, Mr Mok repeatedly
confirmed under cross-examination that the Share Purchase Agreement was
between the defendants and himself personally. Indeed, he even caused his wife
to issue a cheque for S$10,000 in favour of the first defendant to serve as a
deposit for the purchase. As such, the plaintiffs were not privy to the Share
Purchase Agreement and have no right to claim under it.

70 In any event, it does not seem to me that the defendants breached the Share
Purchase Agreement. Mr Mok stated in his AEIC that the Share Purchase
Agreement was not performed because the first defendant, in breach of the
agreement, did not allow the outstanding goods to be shipped out. But such a
term does not appear in the Share Purchase Agreement as recorded in Mr Mok’s
e-mail. Instead, the shipping of the outstanding goods is phrased as a
condition precedent to the obligations under the Share Purchase Agreement
being triggered, such that if the garments were not shipped out, there would
be no purchase of the defendants’ shares. This interpretation is confirmed by
a second e-mail which Mr Mok sent slightly over an hour after the e-mail
recording the terms of the Share Purchase Agreement. In it, Mr Mok stated that
“[t]he below agreement [ie, the Share Purchase Agreement] will be void” if the
goods were not shipped out or delivered to the freight forwarder by the
following day. Under cross-examination, Mr Mok reiterated that that was his
intention. Whether Mr Mok meant “void” in the legal sense or meant that he
would not consider himself to be bound to perform his obligations under the
Share Purchase Agreement, it is clear that the non-shipment of the outstanding
garments the following day was not a breach of any obligation owed by the
defendants.

71 Consequently, the plaintiffs’ claim under the Share Purchase Agreement must
fail.

The tortious claims

Conspiracy by unlawful means

72 The plaintiffs assert that the defendants committed the tort of conspiracy
by unlawful means by agreeing to perform and then performing certain acts
aimed at preventing the Elda Companies from fulfilling their obligations to
the plaintiffs. The acts alleged are those described at [10] and [13]–[14]
above.

73 I accept the allegations made by the plaintiffs concerning the first
defendant’s fabrication of the meeting minutes dated 25 November 2008. The
translated minutes list all four persons on the member’s council as being in
attendance; indeed, without at least one of the Tans present, there could not
have been a quorum for the meeting according to Elda Vietnam’s charter. The
translated minutes further state that the third party “disagreed” with the
proposal to remove Mr Peter Tan from his positions and that at the end of the
meeting “the meeting minutes was read in front of all members” and “[t]he
members unanimously approved the meeting minutes”. Yet the defendants admitted
under cross-examination that only the two of them, out of the four persons on
the member’s council, were in fact present at the meeting. The first defendant
attempted to explain this glaring inconsistency as being the result of a
mistranslation by the employee who recorded the minutes. I found this
explanation entirely unsatisfactory given that the said employee would have
been present at the purported meeting and would have been able to see with his
or her own eyes that the Tans were absent and were therefore unable to
disagree with or approve of anything. When I asked the first defendant to
clarify his explanation, he was unable to do so, and merely stated that he
understood the concern I was raising.

74 In the circumstances, I can only conclude that the first defendant
intentionally misstated, or procured the misstatement of, the minutes of the
25 November 2008 meeting so as to give BDIZA the impression that the removal
of Mr Peter Tan had been properly approved. In fact, the meeting was void for
lack of a quorum, as the first defendant well knew. His deception was
fraudulent and would no doubt qualify as an unlawful act. So would his
reliance on the amended investment certificate, procured by that fraud, to
justify retaining the company seal after he had taken it from Mr Peter Tan.

75 Nonetheless, I do not think the tort of unlawful means conspiracy is made
out. As the Court of Appeal set out in EFT Holdings at [112], the tort of
unlawful means conspiracy is committed where:

(a) there was a combination of two or more persons to do certain acts;

(b) the alleged conspirators had the intention to cause damage or injury to
the plaintiff by those acts;

(c) the acts were unlawful;

(d) the acts were to be performed in furtherance of the agreement; and

(e) the plaintiff suffered loss as a result of the conspiracy.

I am of the view that the first and second elements are not present here.

76 The element of a combination between the conspirators requires more than
agreement to perform a discrete act or to acquiesce in its performance.
Rather, a plaintiff “must show that there was an agreement between the
[conspirators] to pursue a particular course of conduct, and that concerted
action was taken pursuant to that agreement” (EFT Holdings at [113], emphasis
added). Further, all the conspirators must be “sufficiently aware of the
surrounding circumstances and share the object for it properly to be said that
they were acting in concert at the time of the acts complained of” (EFT
Holdings at [113], citing Kuwait Oil Tanker Co SAK v Al Bader [2000] 2 All ER
(Comm) 271 at [111]).

77 I am not satisfied that the second defendant agreed to pursue the
particular course of conduct planned by the first defendant or that she shared
his objectives. As Mr Mok admitted on the stand, the sole basis for the
plaintiffs’ complaints against her is that she had agreed to the removal of Mr
Peter Tan and that she had failed to take the company seal back from the first
defendant after he had taken it. Beyond this, Mr Mok simply assumed that the
defendants, being husband and wife, would have shared all their information
and plans with each other. I find this assumption to be unwarranted,
especially since the first defendant was apparently accustomed to acting on
his own initiative and expecting the second defendant to acquiesce as a matter
of course. Her own evidence was that although she and the first defendant were
“doing fine” as far as the closeness of their relationship went, the first
defendant’s habit regarding his conflict with Mr Peter Tan had been to confide
in her only “[s]ome problems, not all”. It is entirely possible that the whole
scheme was the first defendant’s own invention and that the extent of the
second defendant’s involvement was to sign on the recorded minutes.

78 As for the taking of the company seal, the second defendant’s evidence was
that the first defendant had not informed her of his intention to take the
company seal, and that although she was present for at least part of the
meeting at which the company seal was taken, she had left partway through the
meeting to attend to matters in the printing department and so was not present
when the seal was taken. Against this, the third party asserted that although
the third party was not initially present at the meeting, she had gone to
investigate upon hearing the commotion accompanying the snatching of the
company seal and had seen the second defendant there. Neither account seems
markedly likelier than the other. At any rate, I do not think the second
defendant’s mere presence there would have been sufficient to raise an
inference that she was more than a bystander to the taking of the seal.

79 I note that the plaintiffs’ counsel had every opportunity to cross-examine
the second defendant on all these matters. On the state of the evidence as it
exists, I cannot in fairness infer the second defendant was more deeply
involved than she had admitted being. I therefore find that the plaintiffs
have failed to prove that there was a “combination” of conspirators within the
meaning set out in EFT Holdings.

80 Turning to the requirement of an intention to injure the plaintiffs, the
test to be applied was laid out in EFT Holdings at [101]:

A claimant in an action for unlawful means conspiracy would have to show that
the unlawful means and the conspiracy were targeted or directed at the
claimant. It is not sufficient that harm to the claimant would be a likely, or
probable or even inevitable consequence of the defendant’s conduct. Injury to
the claimant must have been intended as a means to an end or as an end in
itself. …

[emphasis added in italics and bold italics]

81 Applying that test to our facts, it seems that injury to the second
plaintiff was a matter of indifference to the defendants, not an intended
effect. The first defendant’s relationship with Mr Mok and the plaintiffs,
although tense, was not so bad as to be hostile. This can be seen in the fact
that even toward the end of Elda Vietnam’s operations, the first defendant
continued to look to Mr Mok as a mediator and a person who might be able to
force Mr Peter Tan to see sense (as the first defendant perceived it). Viewed
in this context, the first defendant’s fraud was aimed at forcing Mr Peter Tan
out of power so that the first defendant could have sole control of Elda
Vietnam. The first defendant may have been reckless as to the loss which would
probably or inevitably be caused to the plaintiffs by the turmoil within Elda
Vietnam, but it cannot be said that the plaintiffs’ possible loss was a means
to an end or an end in itself.

82 For both these reasons, I find that the plaintiffs’ claims in the tort of
unlawful means conspiracy are not made out.

Inducing breach of contract

83 This claim covers much the same factual ground as the claim of unlawful
means conspiracy. The plaintiffs argue that the defendants’ removal of Mr
Peter Tan, among other acts and omissions, was an “unlawful interference in
the contracts that Elda Singapore had with the Plaintiffs which were the loan
agreements and the supply contracts”. I understand this to be a claim in the
tort of inducing breach of contract. I have concluded that this claim must
fail.

84 As I stated in M+W Singapore Pte Ltd v Leow Tet Sin and another [2015] 2
SLR 271 (“M+W”) at [88], the tort is committed where:

(a) the defendants knew of the contract and intended for it to be breached;

(b) the defendants induced the breach; and

(c) the contract was breached and damage was suffered.

85 Both plaintiffs’ claims do not satisfy the first requirement. Although the
defendants knew of the existence of the loan and supply contracts, they cannot
be said to have intended for them to be breached. It is well-established that
for such intention to be found, it is not enough for a defendant to have
foreseen that his acts or omissions could lead to a breach of contract.
Instead, the test is identical to the test for intention in the context of
unlawful means conspiracy: the breach of contract must be intended either as a
means to an end or an end in itself (see M+W at [90]–[91] and the authorities
cited therein). For reasons similar to those set out at [81] above, I am not
convinced that the first defendant had the requisite intention. It is even
more difficult for the plaintiffs to establish such intention on the part of
the second defendant who was entirely passive.

86 It bears mentioning that as far as the loan contracts were concerned, the
evidence was that Elda Singapore was in default long before the actions
complained of. It paid no interest on either loan at all even though monthly
invoices were sent out for the same by the first plaintiff. The Working
Capital Loan fell due in January 2008 but no action was taken to enforce
recovery. While the repayment terms of the Machinery Loan were unclear, the
first plaintiff was content to send out monthly interest statements only until
March 2009 which was well after the disputes between the Tans and the
defendants had turned toxic. For the loans, it is clear that the first
plaintiff cannot satisfy the second requirement either.

87 Although I have found that the claim against both defendants fails, I wish
to add that the plaintiffs framed the claim extremely widely and without due
consideration for the very different positions of the first and second
defendants. Married they may be but they are not one person in law. Even if
the claim had been made out against the first defendant, no evidence was led
which could possibly have embroiled the second defendant in this alleged tort.

Negligence

88 The plaintiffs argue that the relationship between the defendants and the
plaintiffs gave rise to a tortious duty of care on the defendants’ part. This
duty required them to take appropriate care in performing their duties
relating to the fulfilment of Elda Vietnam’s obligation to manufacture and
deliver the garments ordered by the second plaintiff. The plaintiffs assert
that the defendants breached this duty through various acts and omissions
which have been discussed above and which prevented Elda Singapore from
fulfilling its contractual obligations to the plaintiffs.

89 The existence of a duty of care is determined by the two-stage test laid
down in Spandeck Engineering (S) Pte Ltd v Defence Science & Technology Agency
[2007] 4 SLR(R) 100 (“Spandeck”). At the first stage, the court must consider
the degree of proximity between the parties. It must be emphasised that
proximity is not determined with reference to how well the parties know each
other in a general sense, but rather with reference to “the relationship
between the parties in so far as it is relevant to the allegedly negligent act
or omission of the defendant and the loss or injury sustained by the
plaintiff” (emphasis added): Sutherland Shire Council v Heyman (1985) 60 ALR 1
at 55, a decision of the High Court of Australia cited with approval in
Spandeck at [78]. For this reason, the pre-existing friendship or business
association between the parties is, on the present facts, irrelevant to the
acts and omissions and the loss or injury with which I am concerned.

90 Further, where the parties have chosen to structure their commercial
relationship by way of a contract, the court must ask whether the parties
intended, by their choice of that structure, to exclude a tortious duty of
care: Animal Concerns Research & Education Society v Tan Boon Kwee [2011] 2
SLR 146 at [71], citing Henderson v Merrett Syndicates Ltd [1995] 2 AC 145 at
193–194. If the parties did so intend, there would be insufficient proximity
to impose a tortious duty of care, because to do so would “cut across and be
inconsistent with the structure of relationships created by the contracts,
into which the parties had entered”: Pacific Associates Inc v Baxter [1990] 1
QB 993 at 1032, quoted with approval in Spandeck at [98].

91 In the present case, although there is no express exclusion of the
defendants’ and the Tans’ personal liability in tort, it is undisputed that
the parties chose to structure their commercial relationship as (a) a series
of supply contracts, governed by the General Conditions, between the second
plaintiff and Elda Singapore and (b) two loan agreements between the first
plaintiff and Elda Singapore. It is also undisputed that the parties
contemplated that Elda Vietnam would operate as a subsidiary of Elda
Singapore, which would be owned by the defendants and the Tans. No business
person or commercial entity could be ignorant of the fact that such a
structure of transactions would necessarily insulate the defendants and the
Tans from the liabilities undertaken by the Elda Companies. That is one of the
main benefits of incorporating a company instead of operating as a
partnership. If Elda Vietnam failed in such circumstances, I do not see how
there can be sufficient proximity to justify imposing a tortious duty of care
on the defendants.

92 In any event, public policy considerations at the second stage of the
Spandeck test militate against the imposition of a tortious duty on these
facts. The plaintiffs are of course right when they state that the defendants
must have known that if Elda Vietnam failed to perform its obligations, or if
Elda Singapore failed to repay the two loans, loss would be caused to the
second plaintiff and first plaintiff respectively. But that is the natural
state of things: whenever a company enters a contract, its successful
performance will necessarily depend, among other things, on the actions of the
company’s directors, and failure to perform the contract will usually cause
loss to the company’s counterparty. If I were to accept the plaintiffs’
submission that this nexus is sufficient to give rise to a tortious duty of
care on the part of the defendants, I do not see how I could avoid imposing a
similar duty of care on any director involved in any commercial transaction.
Not only would such a position radically expand the domain of the tort of
negligence, it would also erode the principle of separate corporate
personality that undergirds contemporary commerce. That cannot be allowed.

93 For these reasons, I dismiss the plaintiffs’ claim in the tort of
negligence.

The fiduciary claim

94 The plaintiffs also argued that from the time of Elda Singapore’s
insolvency (which the plaintiffs said was 5 January 2008, being the date on
which Elda Singapore failed to repay the Working Capital Loan), the plaintiffs
were owed fiduciary duties by the defendants due to the plaintiffs’ status as
creditors of Elda Singapore. These fiduciary duties were allegedly breached by
the defendants’ use of Elda Vietnam’s factory to manufacture garments for sale
to customers other than the second plaintiff in or around April 2008 and, more
generally, the defendants’ acts and omissions which prevented Elda Vietnam
from fulfilling the second plaintiff’s orders.

95 I see no basis for the plaintiffs’ assertion that Elda Vietnam was to work
exclusively for the second plaintiff. The evidence, including the General
Conditions, showed that exclusivity was never on the cards. More
fundamentally, the plaintiffs’ entire claim in fiduciary law is legally
misconceived. In Liquidators of Progen Engineering Pte Ltd v Progen Holdings
Ltd [2010] 4 SLR 1089, the Court of Appeal made it clear (per V K Rajah JA, at
[52]) that although the directors of an insolvent company have a fiduciary
duty to take into consideration the interests of the company’s creditors:

… this fiduciary duty is strictly speaking owed to the company; there is no
duty owed directly to creditors. In other words, individual creditors cannot,
without the assistance of liquidators, directly recover from the directors for
such breaches of duty (see Yukong Line Ltd of Korea v Rendsburg Investments
Corporation of Liberia (No 2) [1998] 1 WLR 294; and more recently, Re Pantone
485 Ltd, Miller v Bain [2002] 1 BCLC 266). …

[italics in original]

96 It follows that any claim against the defendants for failure to consider
the interests of Elda Singapore’s creditors must be brought by the liquidator
of Elda Singapore, not by the plaintiffs. I dismiss the plaintiffs’ claims for
breach of fiduciary duty for that reason.

The claim under s 340(1) of the Companies Act

97 The plaintiffs further assert that they are entitled to relief under s
340(1) of the Companies Act, which allows any person to be made personally
liable for a company’s debts if he was party to the company’s carrying on of
business with fraudulent intent. The plaintiffs argue that the defendants’
acts and omissions with respect to Elda Vietnam fit that description.

98 The plaintiffs seem to have overlooked the fact that s 340(1) can be
engaged only “in the course of the winding up of a company or in any
proceedings against a company”. Additionally, “company” in the context of the
Companies Act is defined in s 4(1) as referring only to “a company
incorporated pursuant to this Act or pursuant to any corresponding previous
written law”. This would include Elda Singapore but not Elda Vietnam, which
was incorporated in Vietnam under the laws of Vietnam.

99 Since this action is against the defendants only and not against Elda
Singapore, they are not entitled to rely on s 340(1) in these proceedings.
Further, the acts which the plaintiffs complain of were done in respect of
Elda Vietnam’s business, not Elda Singapore’s, and thus do not even fall
within the scope of s 340(1). In any event, if I had to attribute a nefarious
purpose to the acts of the defendants, it would be to harm Mr Tan and the
third party, not to defraud the plaintiffs. I am not even sure that the
wrongful acts could properly be described as “business of the company” since
the whole basis of the complaint was that the first defendant did his best to
stop Elda Vietnam carrying on any business at all. I therefore reject the
plaintiffs’ claim for relief under s 340(1).

The indemnity claim

100 Finally, the plaintiffs asserted that they had a general right, arising in
law or in equity, to be indemnified by the defendants for their losses. They
cited the Court of Appeal decision of Goh Sin Huat Electrical Pte Ltd v Ho See
Jui (trading as Xuanhua Art Gallery) and another [2012] 3 SLR 1038 (“Goh Sin
Huat”), particularly [60], and the Privy Council decision of Eastern Shipping
Company, Limited v Quah Beng Kee [1924] AC 177 (“Quah Beng Kee”) which Goh Sin
Huat  relied on.

101 I find this submission baffling. Goh Sin Huat and Quah Beng Kee did not
concern a free-standing right of indemnity, but one which arose either as an
express or implied contractual obligation or as a remedy available upon the
breach of an equitable or legal duty (eg, breach of trust, an example given in
Quah Beng Kee at 184–185). It followed that a right of indemnity could not
operate unless the plaintiffs first identified the relevant contract or
breach. As I have already found that the various contracts alleged by the
plaintiffs either did not exist or did not concern the plaintiffs or the
defendants, and that the plaintiffs’ claims in tort, fiduciary law, and under
statute also fail, the question of indemnity does not arise. The plaintiffs’
attempt to use the right to indemnity as an alternative argument is therefore
misconceived and their claim for an indemnity must be dismissed.

The defendants’ claims against the third party

102 Having found that the defendants have no liability to the plaintiffs,
there is no need for me to consider the defendants’ claims for indemnity or
contribution from the third party. For completeness, I would in any event have
found that there was insufficient evidence to prove that the third party was
sufficiently complicit in Mr Peter Tan’s alleged wrongful acts and omissions
to make her liable to indemnify the defendants.

Conclusion

103 The plaintiffs have done their best to fit their complaints within the
bounds of the multifarious claims discussed above. It was an awkward fit. This
is not to suggest that there was no factual basis at all for the plaintiffs’
sense of injury. In particular, I recognise that some of the acts done by the
first defendant in the course of his power struggle with Mr Peter Tan were
regrettable, dishonest, and detrimental to the Elda Companies’ health. The
first defendant may have been in breach of his fiduciary duty to the Elda
Companies but if so, the cause of action and the remedy would vest in the Elda
Companies alone. However, that is a separate matter from whether, as a matter
of law, the defendants breached any obligation owed to the plaintiffs. It
appears to me that they did not.

104 I therefore dismiss the plaintiffs’ claims in their entirety. I also
dismiss the defendants’ claims for indemnity or contribution from the third
party, there being nothing for the third party to indemnify or contribute
towards.

105 I will hear the parties on costs.

Judith Prakash  
Judge of Appeal

Tan Heng Thye and Rachael Williams (CSP Legal LLC)  
for the plaintiffs;  
The defendants in person;  
The third party in person.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 2: 27 Oct 2020 (22:40 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

