Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the COURT OF APPEAL of the republic of singapore

[2016] SGCA 60

Civil Appeal No 114 of 2015

Between

(1)| ATTORNEY-GENERAL  
---|---  
(2)| HOUSING AND DEVELOPMENT BOARD  
  
… Appellants

And

| ALJUNIED-HOUGANG-PUNGGOL EAST TOWN COUNCIL  
---|---  
  
… Respondent

judgment

[Statutory Interpretation] — [Construction of Statute]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Attorney-General and another

  
v

  

Aljunied-Hougang-Punggol East Town Council

[2016] SGCA 60

Court of Appeal — Civil Appeal No 114 of 2015  
Sundaresh Menon CJ, Chao Hick Tin JA and Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA  
3 August; 27 November 2015; 7, 20, 22, January; 8 July; 18 August; 24 October
2016  

28 October 2016 Judgment reserved.

Sundaresh Menon CJ (delivering the judgment of the court):

1 Before we proceed to the substance of our orders, it will be helpful to
recall how we have come to this point. When this matter first came before us
last year, the respondent was the Aljunied-Hougang-Punggol East Town Council
(“AHPETC”). However, soon after we reserved judgment following the hearing in
August 2015, the 2015 General Elections were held and the constituency of
Punggol East (“Punggol East Constituency”), which was formerly administered by
the respondent, changed hands. On 1 October 2015, the Town Councils
(Declaration of Towns) Order 2015 (S 577/2015) (“the Order”) was passed to
provide that Punggol East Constituency would henceforth fall to be
administered not by the respondent, which was re-named the Aljunied-Hougang
Town Council (“AHTC”), but by the Pasir Ris-Punggol Town Council (“PRPTC”)
instead. The Order also provided for a transfer of all “property, rights and
liabilities … that related to or were connected with” Punggol East
Constituency to PRPTC. We delivered our judgment on the substantive merits of
the appeal on 27 November 2015 (see Attorney-General v Aljunied-Hougang-
Punggol East Town Council [2016] 1 SLR 915 (“the Judgment”)).

2 Thereafter, the parties came before us to seek clarifications in respect of
various parts of our orders. For present purposes, we focus on the hearing
which was convened on 8 July 2016. The issue placed before us then was whether
PRPTC was bound by our orders in the Judgment. The context of the application
was that PRPTC had appointed its own accountants, PricewaterhouseCoopers
(“PwC”), to carry out an examination of the affairs of Punggol East
Constituency during the period when it had been under the respondent’s
purview. Where appropriate to context, we refer to this as “the period in
question”. In the course of the oral argument on that issue, it became clear
that it was common ground that PRPTC did in fact have an interest in the
review of Punggol East Constituency’s financial affairs. After all, it is the
entity which – following the Order – is now statutorily charged with
administering the affairs of Punggol East Constituency, and in whom all
property, rights, and liabilities related to or connected with the
constituency are vested. However, the difficulty lay with precisely how PRPTC
was to go about performing this review, given that AHTC was concurrently
performing a similar audit in the context of remedying certain lapses that had
admittedly taken place during the period in question and it had the requisite
documents.

3 Given the parties’ agreement that PRPTC had an interest in the work that was
being done (which we observed follows from the terms of the Order), we
adjourned the matter and said as follows: 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Minute sheet of hearing held on 8 July 2016 at p 2.

In the light of the parties’ agreement that PRPTC on behalf of Punggol East
[Constituency] has an interest in the work that is being done by KPMG, the
professionals – namely, PricewaterhouseCoopers and KPMG – should communicate
directly with one another and afford each other such access as may reasonably
be required to safeguard each party’s interests.

In the event that there is a specific difficulty that arises in the course of
such discussions or access, the affected party may apply to the court for
directions.

4 Thereafter, PRPTC and AHTC attempted to negotiate the terms on which PRPTC
would be granted access to the necessary documents, but were unable to come to
an agreement. Thus, a further hearing was convened on 18 August 2016. On that
occasion, Mr Peter Low, counsel for AHTC, said that it had not been possible
to reach an agreement because AHTC had an interest in protecting the
confidentiality of those documents which related not only to Punggol East
Constituency, but also to the other constituencies which had been, and
continued to be, within AHTC’s purview. On this basis, AHTC sought to impose
restrictions on the accountants PRPTC could appoint to undertake a review into
Punggol East Constituency’s affairs. We held that that there was no legal
basis for AHTC to impose any such restrictions since PRPTC was a separate
legal entity and it was entitled to carry out its affairs and appoint
whomsoever it wanted to safeguard its interests.

5 Insofar as the question of the access to the documents was concerned, the
parties agreed broadly on the following three points: 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Minute sheet of hearing held on 18 August 2016 at p 2.

(a) First, documents which pertained only to Punggol East Constituency – which
have come to be referred to as “Category 1 documents” – should be made readily
available to PRPTC. By definition, these are documents which, to use the
language of the Order, related exclusively to or were connected only with
Punggol East Constituency. Thus, it did not seem to us that any concerns over
confidentiality could be raised in respect of them.

(b) Second, documents which did not relate to Punggol East Constituency at all
were not even in issue as PRPTC had no interest in them and were not entitled
to have sight of these documents. The reason for this was self-evident.

(c) Third, to the extent that there were documents which were relevant not
only to Punggol East Constituency but also to the other parts of the town –
which were referred to as “Category 2 documents” – PRPTC should be granted
access to them. This is because these are documents which related to or were
connected with Punggol East Constituency. To the extent that any limitation
was to be imposed in relation to the access or use of specific documents, we
held that this had to be rooted in specific concerns of confidentiality and
the protection of AHTC’s confidential information in respect of specific
documents. If such concerns existed, arrangements would have to be made to
manage those concerns and to facilitate access. The certified minute sheet of
these proceedings records this point as follows: 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Ibid at p 2.

Insofar as there are documents which are relevant to [Punggol East
Constituency] but also affect the other parts of the original Aljunied-
Hougang-Punggol East Town Council, PRPTC should have access to those, but it
is necessary to work out practical administrative arrangements for that access
to take place. If AHTC has specific concerns in relation to confidentiality of
specific parts of those documents, we will need to have a conversation on how
to manage that. Our thinking is that one way of managing this is to let the
professionals talk to each other but if there are other issues that need to be
addressed, these can be considered at a later juncture.

6 After we made those observations, Mr Low addressed us and indicated AHTC’s
agreement that it was willing to provide PRPTC’s accountants, PwC, with access
to the Category 1 documents without conditions and/or undertakings. However,
he submitted that the accountants should be allowed to work out the terms of
access to the Category 2 documents between themselves. With that in mind, we
gave the following directions: 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

Ibid at p 3.

(a) as far as the documents that relate solely to Punggol East [Constituency]
are concerned [that is to say, the Category 1 documents], AHTC will give
access without conditions to PWC;

(b) as far as all the other documents [by which we meant the Category 2
documents] are concerned, the solicitors – possibly with the assistance of the
accountants – are to work out the conditions upon which the documents can be
had by PRPTC and PWC (as well as their relevant advisors); and

(c) should it prove difficult to work out these conditions, the parties are at
liberty to apply to the court for directions with a handful of documents that
will illustrate the difficulties.

7 We set all this out by way of background to make the following three points,
which reflect the current position:

(a) First, PRPTC has an interest in the financial affairs of Punggol East
Constituency, which has now been placed under its purview. This interest
arises out its status as the entity presently responsible for the affairs of
Punggol East Constituency. This interest extends, but is not limited, to
ensuring compliance with the orders we made in the Judgment, including the
remediation of any breaches of the Town Councils Act (Cap 329A, 2000 Rev Ed)
(“the Act”) that affect Punggol East Constituency.

(b) Second, in order to safeguard this interest, PRPTC is prima facie entitled
to have access to documents which relate to or were connected with the affairs
of Punggol East Constituency. This follows as a corollary of the first point,
for if PRPTC is the ultimate successor-in-title to the property, rights and
liabilities of the former town of AHPETC insofar as it relates to or is
connected with the affairs of Punggol East Constituency, then it must follow
that PRPTC has a proprietary interest in all the relevant documents.

(c) Third, this interest of PRPTC has to be balanced against any legitimate
countervailing interest that AHTC might have in safeguarding the
confidentiality of some of the documents, which relate not only to the affairs
of Punggol East Constituency, but also to other parts of the town that are
not, and have never been, under the control of PRPTC. This third point arises
out of the recognition of the unique facts of this case, in which AHTC
administered the three distinct constituencies under its charge as a single
administrative unit. This point about the balancing of interests was one which
we recognised from the outset, as we said on 8 July 2016 that each party was
to afford the other “such access as may reasonably be required to safeguard
each party’s interests”. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

Minute sheet of hearing held on 8 July 2016 at p 2.

8 We now turn to apply these three propositions to the issues which were
presented to us at the hearing on Monday (24 October 2016). These are: first,
whether the scope of disclosure should be narrowed only to documents which are
related to the past payments review; second, whether disclosure of the
Category 1 documents may be deferred; and last, the conditions upon which
PRPTC may have access to the Category 2 documents.

9 We begin with the issue of the scope of disclosure. AHTC had applied for the
scope of disclosure to be limited only to documents which are related to the
past payments review to avoid a duplication of effort, which it submitted
would not only be unnecessary but also disruptive. As we understand it, this
pertains only to the Category 2 documents, since no issue has previously been
raised in relation to the Category 1 documents. In our judgment, this request
is without merit. The short point is that PRPTC’s entitlement to the Category
2 documents is independent of the scope of work assigned to PwC. It is
important to bear in mind that the Category 2 documents were created for and
in the course of the administration of Punggol East Constituency as much as
for the other constituencies forming AHPETC. PRPTC – as the successor to all
the property, rights and liabilities which concern Punggol East Constituency –
has a presumptive right, qua owner, to these documents. Indeed, it seems to us
that Mr Low had also conceded this point on 8 July 2016 when he accepted that
PRPTC had an interest in “the work done by KPMG [LLP]”, which – we pause to
add – is not limited to the past payments review, but extends to all the
matters outlined in the Judgment “insofar as it concerns the interests of
Punggol East [Constituency]”. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

Ibid at p 2.

10 At the last hearing on 18 August 2016, we did stress that we did not think
that the identical exercise should be performed by two different groups of
people, but we expressly stated that this was in the context of what might be
unnecessarily disruptive rather than in the context of any question of
entitlement. Nor was it contemplated that PRPTC’s entitlement to the documents
which relate to Punggol East Constituency could or should be confined in any
way. Indeed, we would observe that AHTC’s continuing interest in Punggol East
Constituency arises essentially out of its duty to remedy previous lapses and
to comply with the other terms of the Judgment; however, PRPTC’s interest is a
broader one that covers not only the duty to see to it that any previous
lapses that affect Punggol East Constituency are remedied in compliance with
the Judgment, but also by reason of its continuing duty (as the town council
responsible for the affairs of Punggol East Constituency) to discharge its
functions and duties and to exercise its powers under the Act. To this end,
PRPTC has a legitimate interest to have access to all the documents it may
need to safeguard its interest, and it has this interest irrespective of what
it may or may not instruct PwC to do. This difference is a relevant factor to
be considered when it comes to any balancing of interests that may be called
for. Thus, we cannot see any basis for AHTC to restrict PRPTC only to the
documents which relate to the past payments review.

11 We move to the Category 1 documents. It is common ground that the Category
1 documents need to be provided, and it is also common ground that not all of
them have been provided thus far. The only issue which remains to be decided
is AHTC’s request that it be allowed to delay the release of the rest of the
Category 1 documents in its possession. The reason for this, as was explained
to us during the hearing, is that many of the Category 1 documents are
contained in files which contain information that is said to be confidential
in the sense that it also pertains to other areas formerly under the purview
of AHPETC (and which continue to be under the purview of AHTC today) aside
from Punggol East Constituency, and that it would be administratively onerous
for AHTC to extract the necessary documents for PRPTC. In the circumstances,
AHTC submitted that the best solution would be for PwC to have access to all
their files on-site, but this could not be done until they had received
guarantees that PwC would undertake not to share confidential information with
others, including PRPTC.

12 In our judgment, this request cannot be granted. We begin with the
principle of the matter. By definition, the Category 1 documents are those
which relate only to Punggol East Constituency and no issue of the balancing
of interests arises. It follows, therefore, that PRPTC is entitled to these
documents and it should have them, free of conditions. This was what we
ordered and this was also conceded by Mr Low at the hearing on 18 August 2016.
7

##### Foot Note 7

×

Minute sheet of hearing on 18 August 2016 at p 2.

We are unable to see how any administrative difficulty can be an adequate
answer to a failure to comply with an obligation of disclosure that has been
specifically imposed by this court. We also note with some regret that no
effort was made to seek the indulgence of this court before AHTC decided that
it need not comply in full with our order. As we pointed out during the
hearing, it was clear to us from what was said by Mr Low and Ms Sylvia Lim (a
representative from AHTC who, with our leave, addressed us on some matters)
that it was not that disclosure of the remaining Category 1 documents was
impossible, but that it would be difficult for it to be done at this time. In
our judgment, this was unsatisfactory. AHTC may decide to do the relevant work
itself and extract the documents for disclosure at once, or it can invite PwC
to access the information as it may be found in the files. However, if AHTC
chooses the latter option, it is not entitled then to impose conditions on
access when it has already accepted that it is obliged to disclose all the
Category 1 documents free of any conditions and/or undertakings (see [6]
above). That said, we appreciate that a practical solution can and should be
worked out to enable this to be done promptly and we will set out our orders
on this at the conclusion of this judgment.

13 We turn to the Category 2 documents. As we said before, these are documents
which relate, at least in part, to Punggol East Constituency and PRPTC has a
presumptive right to these documents. However, we also recognise the principle
that AHTC may have a right to protect the confidentiality of those parts of
the documents which do not relate to Punggol East Constituency or which also
relate in an aggregated way to other parts of the town formerly under the
purview of AHPETC. As we explained during the hearing on Monday, what we
sought to do when we issued our orders on 18 August 2016 was to strike a
balance between these two competing interests. To that end, we ordered that
PRPTC was to have access to the Category 2 documents, subject only to the
caveat that if AHTC had any specific and identifiable concerns with the
disclosure or use of particular documents then the parties would have to work
together to devise “practical administrative arrangements” to achieve the twin
goals of facilitating access while preserving confidentiality. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

Ibid at p 2.

We did not contemplate, as AHTC now submit, that disclosure of all of the
Category 2 documents could be withheld indefinitely pending the conclusion of
a blanket confidentiality agreement. After all, AHTC has the documents in its
possession and if it has any specific confidentiality concerns, the onus must
fall on it to raise them in order that measures may be taken to mitigate these
concerns while also facilitating access. The position for which AHTC now
contends is not only outside the scope of our orders, but it is also one which
would not properly balance the competing interests involved.

14 When he appeared before us, Mr Low submitted that AHTC had six broad
concerns in respect of the Category 2 documents: (1) confidential resident
information; (2) vendor information not in the public domain; (3) information
protected under the Personal Data Protection Act 2012 (No 26 of 2012); (4)
confidential staff information; (5) rates and price structures not in the
public domain; and (6) other proprietary information belonging to AHTC. With
respect to Mr Low, all that has been done is that the word “confidential” or
its cognate expressions have been added as adjectives to various classes of
documents. We cannot see how these generic descriptors can suffice to show
that AHTC has specific confidentiality concerns in respect of particular
documents. There is no explanation of the nature of these documents, the
specific parts of these documents in respect of which AHTC asserts an interest
of confidentiality, or the reason why the information in question might be
considered confidential or proprietary. Without sufficient particulars, we
find it difficult to identify the specific concerns which warrant protection
in a manner as would impede PRPTC’s exercise of its legitimate right to have
access to the documents. In O’Brien and others v Komesaroff (1982) 41 ALR 255
at 268, Mason J, with whom the other judges of the High Court of Australia
agreed, stressed that a claimant cannot come to court with a “global claim for
protection” and must instead “identify some particular pieces of information
and show that they were confidential or that an obligation of confidence had
arisen with respect to them [such that] he would be entitled to protection”.
We agree with this.

15 Mr Low offered to show us samples of these documents to explain the
relevant concerns. However, when we made our orders on 18 August 2016, it was
never contemplated that we would be engaged in the examination of the relevant
documents for the purposes of determining whether confidentiality is made out
in circumstances where AHTC has not even taken any steps towards identifying
the specific confidentiality concerns which it has. What we had in mind was
that if the parties were unable to agree after certain specific
confidentiality concerns had been identified, then it would be open for them
to seek further directions from us as to whether the claim to confidentiality
is properly made, and, if not agreed, the specific conditions on which access
may be had. Here, AHTC has not even put forward any specific confidentiality
concerns and so the question of us reviewing the documents to make the
appropriate orders does not even arise.

16 So where does this leave us? In our judgment, the Category 2 documents must
be handed over to PRPTC; however, PRPTC may only disclose or use the Category
2 documents in the furtherance of its legitimate legal interests and no
further. These legitimate interests comprise the objects which were set out at
the conclusion of the Judgment (at [131]), and the functions, duties, and
powers which PRPTC has under the Act. These relate, in broad terms, to PRPTC’s
general mandate to control, manage, and administer the common property of the
areas under its control for the benefit of its residents and to manage its
financial affairs in accordance with the requirements of the Act and the Town
Councils Financial Rules (Cap 329A, R1, 1998 Rev Ed). In principle, Mr
Davinder Singh SC, counsel for PRPTC, appears to accept this, for he submitted
that PRPTC would be entitled to the Category 2 documents “so long as the
documents are used in the exercise of the rights of PRPTC or in the discharge
of [its] duties”.

17 For avoidance of doubt, in the pursuit of these legitimate interests, PRPTC
may consult such advisers as it deems fit on the nature and contents of these
Category 2 documents. We note that during the hearing, Mr Low – correctly, in
our view – conceded that PRPTC was entitled to consult its solicitors on the
contents of the Category 2 documents for the purposes of obtaining legal
advice. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

Minute sheet of hearing dated 24 October 2016 at p 3.

However, any of the advisers they consult would naturally be bound by the same
obligations as PRPTC.

18 Before we proceed to summarise our orders, we should clarify two points.
The first relates to the nature and basis of our orders. We have already
stressed that the position has always been that PRPTC has a right to have the
Category 2 documents, subject to any clear indication of specific concerns of
confidentiality that AHTC might raise in respect of particular documents. We
emphasise the requirement of specificity because it is an important aspect of
the law of confidentiality that a claimant who seeks relief must identify with
sufficient particularity what is alleged to be confidential (see Chiarapurk
Jack and others v Haw Par Brothers International Ltd and another and another
appeal [1993] 2 SLR(R) 620 at [24] and [38] and R G Toulson & C M Phipps,
Confidentiality (Sweet & Maxwell, 3rd Ed, 2012) at para 3-086). We have
already explained why AHTC has not satisfied this standard. For the avoidance
of doubt, to the extent that we are making any provisions here to limit the
use of the documents, we do so not because any specific concerns over
confidentiality have been raised, but because we think it is appropriate to
ensure that the documents are made available only for the purpose of ensuring
compliance with the Judgment, and consistently with the provisions of the Act.

19 The second point we would make concerns the precedential value of our
decision. During the oral hearing, Mr Singh pressed the point that the orders
we make here will set a “dangerous” precedent for future cases involving the
handover of towns. However, as we observed during the hearing, the factual
circumstances of this case are quite unique. If matters in the former AHPETC
had been arranged differently, such that Punggol East Constituency’s documents
were discrete and complete, there would not be any argument that PRPTC, as the
present entity in charge of the affairs of Punggol East Constituency, would be
entitled to those documents. However, it is due to the particular manner in
which the affairs of AHPETC had been managed prior to 2015 that has
necessitated these orders. But we stress once again, as we did during the
hearing, that this is a factual observation and is not meant in any way as a
criticism.

20 In summary, our conclusions are that:

(a) AHTC is to provide PRPTC with access to all the Category 1 documents and
Category 2 documents forthwith, and no later than the close of business on 4
November 2016. Mr Low initially asked that any date for disclosure be fixed
after the first week of November because he said that AHTC would be busy
working with KPMG LLP (“KPMG”), who are the accountants AHTC appointed after
we handed down the Judgment, until the end of October. However, it emerged
during the hearing that AHTC’s representatives were to meet KPMG on 27 October
2016 in connection with the finalisation of KPMG’s past payments review
report, and we were given to understand this would conclude this part of their
interaction. We therefore grant AHTC a period of seven days from the date of
this judgment to completely comply with the orders we have made. We emphasise
that this should be seen as the latest date for such compliance and thus AHTC
should as far as possible comply forthwith and commence the completion of its
obligations in this regard without delay.

(b) PRPTC may only disclose and use the Category 2 documents released to it in
the furtherance of its legitimate legal interests, which comprise ensuring
that there has been compliance with the orders made at [131] of the Judgment,
and the discharge of its functions or duties or the exercise of its powers as
a town council under the Act. During the hearing before us, Mr Low accepted
that AHTC was no longer seeking to prevent PRPTC or its advisers from
accessing the documents. Instead, AHTC’s wish was to restrict the extent to
which PRPTC could disclose or use these documents. In our judgment, the only
permissible limitation in the present circumstances is that which confines the
disclosure or use in the aforesaid manner and for the aforesaid purposes.

21 As for the manner of disclosure, AHTC can elect either to make copies of
all the necessary documents available to PRPTC or to allow PwC to have access
to the originals wherever they are presently located. It seems to us that the
latter would allow the process of disclosure to take place more quickly, and
given our order that the disclosure or use of any Category 2 documents would
be subject to the conditions which we have outlined, the concerns which AHTC
had should have been addressed. However, the choice is ultimately one for AHTC
to make. What it cannot do is to cite administrative difficulties in the
extraction of the documents as a reason for non-compliance.

22 We also make two ancillary points. First, Mr Singh had asked that the
Category 1 documents which are in KPMG’s possession be released first.
However, Mr David Chan, counsel for KPMG, informed us during the hearing that
KPMG did not have any documents in its custody, and that the documents were
all stored at AHTC’s offices. Thus, we make no such order. Second, Mr Singh
had asked that KPMG be directed to release its working papers to PwC to
expedite the audit process. In our opinion, this is a sensible suggestion.
However, we invite KPMG to inform us by letter copied to the other parties if
it objects to this and, if so, on what basis. Following that, if there is an
issue to be resolved, we will consider whether any further direction is
required.

23 Finally, we set out our orders more formally, as follows:

(a) The respondent, now known as AHTC, is to provide PRPTC with access to:

(i) all the documents which relate exclusively to or were connected only with
the affairs of Punggol East Constituency (“Category 1 documents”) which are in
its possession, custody and power; and

(ii) all other documents which relate to or were connected with the affairs of
Punggol East Constituency that are not Category 1 documents (“Category 2
documents”) which are in its possession, custody, and power.

(b) AHTC is to provide PRPTC with access to the Category 1 documents and
Category 2 documents forthwith, and in any event no later than 4 November
2016.

(c) PRPTC is not to disclose or use the Category 2 documents save with the
leave of the court, other than:

(i) for the purposes of ensuring compliance with the orders set out at [131]
of the Judgment; and/or

(ii) in the discharge of its functions or duties, or in the exercise of its
powers as a town council under the Act.

Sundaresh Menon Chao Hick Tin Andrew Phang Boon Leong  
Chief Justice Judge of Appeal Judge of Appeal

Aurill Kam and Germaine Boey (Attorney-General’s Chambers) for the second
appellant, the Housing and Development Board;  
Peter Cuthbert Low and Elaine Low (Peter Low LLC) for the respondent, now
known as the Aljunied-Hougang Town Council(“AHTC”);  
Davinder Singh SC, Jaikanth Shankar, Pradeep Singh, and Stanley Tan (Drew &
Napier LLC) for the non-party, the Pasir Ris-Punggol Town Council (“PRPTC”);  
Edwin Tong SC and Peh Aik Hin (Allen & Gledhill LLP) for
PricewaterhouseCoopers, the accountants for PRPTC; and  
David Chan and Tan Su Huei (Shook Lin & Bok LLP) for KPMG LLP, the accountants
for AHTC.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:40 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

