Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the republic of singapore

[2016] SGHC 228

Criminal Case No 24 of 2016

Between

Public Prosecutor

and

Sibeko Lindiwe Mary-Jane

grounds of decision

[Criminal procedure and sentencing] – [Sentencing] – [Importation of
controlled drugs]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Public Prosecutor

  
v

  

Sibeko Lindiwe Mary-Jane

[2016] SGHC 228

High Court — Criminal Case No 24 of 2016  
Lee Seiu Kin J  
22 September 2016

19 October 2016

Lee Seiu Kin J

1 The accused stood trial before me over seven days in May 2016 for an offence
under s 7 of the Misuse of Drugs Act (Cap 185, 2008 Rev Ed) (“the MDA”) for
importation of a controlled drug. On 4 July 2016, after counsel for both
parties made their submissions before me, I reserved judgment. On 22 September
2016, I found the accused guilty as charged. The written grounds of decision
and full facts of the case are found in PP v Sibeko Lindiwe Mary-Jane [2016]
SGHC 199 (“the GD”) released the same day.

2 Upon conviction, the learned Deputy tendered a certificate by the Public
Prosecutor certifying that, in his determination, the accused had
substantively assisted the Central Narcotics Bureau in disrupting drug
trafficking activities within or outside Singapore. With this certificate, the
requirement in s 33B(2)(b) of the MDA was satisfied.

3 From the evidence before me, I found that the involvement of the accused in
the offence was restricted to transporting, sending or delivering the
controlled drug. This satisfied the requirement in s 33B(2)(a) of the MDA.

4 As both requirements in s 33B(2) were satisfied, s 33B(1) was brought into
operation and I, as trial judge, had the discretion of sentencing the accused
to imprisonment for life instead of imposing the death penalty. As I was of
the view that the circumstances of the case justified the exercise of this
discretion, I sentenced the accused to life imprisonment. As she was a female
and not liable for caning, no such sentence was imposed.

5 The accused had, on 6 October 2016, filed a notice of appeal against her
conviction and sentence. As the GD does not contain the reasons for the
sentence imposed, this supplementary grounds of decision is written for that
purpose.

Lee Seiu Kin  
Judge

Ma Hanfeng and Kenny Yang (Attorney-General’s Chambers) for the prosecution;  
N K Rajarh (Straits Law Practice LLC) and Sankar s/o Kailasa Thevar Saminathan
(Sterling Law Corporation) for the accused.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:40 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

