Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the republic of singapore

[2016] SGHC 85

HC/Originating Summons No 1100 of 2015

Between

| ASPLENIUM LAND PTE LTD  
---|---  
|  
  
… Plaintiff

And

| CKR CONTRACT SERVICES PTE LTD  
---|---  
  
… Defendant

grounds of decision

[Building and Construction Law - Dispute Resolution - Alternative Dispute
Resolution Procedures]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
ASPLENIUM LAND PTE LTD

  
v

  

CKR CONTRACT SERVICES PTE LTD

  

[2016] SGHC 85

  

High Court — Originating Summons No 1100 of 2015  
Foo Chee Hock JC  
14 December 2015; 2, 3 and 22 February 2016; 10 March 2016  

12 May 2016

Foo Chee Hock JC:

1 The Plaintiff and Defendant entered into a contract for the construction of
a residential condominium development, based on the amended Singapore
Institute of Architects Articles and Conditions of Building Contract (9th ed,
Reprint, August 2011) (“Conditions of Contract”) (see para 5 of William
Nursalim’s affidavit dated 18 November 2015). The Plaintiff terminated the
contract on 24 October 2014 (see Notice of Termination dated 24 October 2014
and para 7 of William Nursalim’s affidavit dated 18 November 2015).

2 On 22 December 2014, the Defendant (contractor) served Payment Claim No 21
(“PC 21”) on the Plaintiff (employer) and this proceeded for adjudication in
SOP/AA 27 of 2015 (“AA 27”) on 6 March 2015 (Tab 7 of Plaintiff’s Bundle of
Documents (“PBOD”), see para 19). The adjudicator delivered his determination
on 26 March 2015. On 2 April 2015, the Plaintiff lodged SOP/ARA03 of 2015 for
a review of the adjudicator’s determination, which resulted in a reduced
adjudicated amount. Then on 7 October 2015, the Defendant served Payment Claim
No 22 (“PC 22”) on the Plaintiff. The Plaintiff provided their Payment
Response No 22 (“PR 22”) on 30 October 2015. On 12 November 2015, the
Defendant lodged SOP/AA 423 of 2015 (“AA 423”). Most of these, and other
events were detailed in the Plaintiff’s chronology of events (see Plaintiff’s
Written Submissions dated 10 February 2016 (“P’s WS”) at para 16).

3 On 19 November 2015, the Plaintiff filed this originating summons seeking
inter alia the following reliefs:

1\. The Defendant forthwith withdraws the Adjudication Application No. SOP/AA
423 of 2015 dated 12 November 2015 made under the provisions of the Building
and Construction Industry Security of Payment Act (Cap. 30B) and bears all
costs of Adjudication Application No. SOP/AA 423 of 2015 consisting of the
adjudication application fee and the adjudicator’s fees and expenses.

2\. A declaration that:

a. Payment Claim No. 22 dated 7 October 2015 (“PC 22”) is invalid; and

b. the adjudicator nominated or appointed in Adjudication Application No.
SOP/AA 423 of 2015 has no jurisdiction to conduct the adjudication or
determine Adjudication Application No. SOP/AA 423 of 2015.

3\. The Defendant be permanently restrained from:

a. taking any steps to prosecute any adjudication of the claims in PC 22
and/or Adjudication Application No. SOP/AA 423 of 2015 dated 12 November 2015;

b. seeking to rely upon or enforce any adjudication determination rendered
pursuant to SOP/AA 423 of 2015 in any manner whatsoever; and

c. commencing any further adjudication proceedings in relation to the disputes
which are presently the subject of arbitration proceedings commenced by the
Defendant by way of a Request for Arbitration dated 10 November 2014.

4 The adjudicator had for his own reasons not proceeded with the hearing of AA
423 after being informed of the hearing of this originating summons (see
correspondence at Tab 5 and 6 of P’s WS).

5 The Plaintiff relied on two main grounds for seeking the reliefs in the
present originating summons. The first was that the bulk of the claims in PC
22 comprised repeat claims that were prohibited under the adjudication scheme
in the Building and Construction Industry Security of Payment Act (Cap 30B,
2006 Rev Ed) (“SOPA”). I shall refer to these claims as “prohibited repeat
claims”. Second, the Plaintiff argued that the remainder of the claims in PC
22, being claims for the period after the termination of the contract (“post-
termination claims”), also could not come under SOPA’s adjudication scheme. To
be sure, the post-termination claims were not repeat claims in that they did
not feature in PC 21; the Plaintiff had separate arguments for submitting that
they were “outside the purview of” SOPA.

6 The Defendant’s answer to the Plaintiff’s case on prohibited repeat claims
was focused on (what we referred to in arguments as) the “four heads of
claim”. What the Defendant did was to isolate various parts of PC 22 under
each of the four heads and submit various reasons and arguments for saying
that those claims were not prohibited repeat claims. The four heads had
evolved after oral arguments and written submissions to their final form as
set out in full at Annex A of the Defendant’s Written Submissions dated 18
February 2016 (“D’s WS”). These are summarised as follows:

(a) First head – Reassessment at more than adjudicated amount in AA 27 and
payments made so far

The essence of this head related to the Plaintiff’s reassessment of the
Defendant’s claims in PR 22, resulting in a “Final Valuation” which was more
than the adjudicated amount and also what had been paid to the Defendant so
far. The Defendant claimed the difference, asserting that the bulk of which
consisted of “release of retention monies [for defects] under the Contract”.

(b) Second head – Reassessment at less than adjudicated amount

The Defendant contended further that the Plaintiff should not have revalued
any items in PR 22 at less than the adjudicated amount in AA 27. In doing so,
the Plaintiff had deprived the Defendant of a sum of over $900,000.

(c) Third head (Materials on site) – Reassessment at more than adjudicated
amount

The thrust here focused on the line item at S/No 22 of PR 22. In PR 21, the
Plaintiff certified this item at nil (see item 19), whereas in PR 22 a sum of
over $300,000 was allowed. The amount claimed in PC 21 and PC 22 (both at S/No
6) was the same.

The Defendant further argued that this was not a prohibited repeat claim
because there was no adjudication of this item on the merits.

(d) Fourth head (Tools and equipment withheld at site) – Reassessment at more
than adjudicated amount; and post-termination claims

There were two parts under this head. The first concerned the line item at
S/No 26 of PR 22. This item was certified at nil in PR 21 (item 26) but in PR
22, the Plaintiff allowed an amount of over $200,000.

The second part (also in S/No 26 of PR 22) comprised additional claims for
rental and value of materials/tools/equipment (see item 10 of PC 22 (p 360 of
PBOD)) for the period from 24 October 2014 to 30 September 2015, which was
after the termination of the contract. These were the post-termination claims
referred to above at [5]. As such they would be considered separately from the
prohibited repeat claims.

7 The parties had canvassed numerous issues and had to reshape and redirect
their arguments in response to new issues raised in the hearings and written
submissions. In my view, the two essential issues that would be necessary and
sufficient to determine this originating summons were:

(a) Whether PC 22 contained prohibited repeat claims; and

(b) Whether the post-termination claims under the fourth head of claim were
prohibited under SOPA.

8 Implied in each issue was whether judicial intervention was necessary and
justified at this stage.

Prohibited repeat claims

9 To reiterate, the Plaintiff’s case was that the bulk of the claims in PC 22
were prohibited repeat claims under SOPA. It should be made clear that the
discussion under this section covered all the four heads of claims, less the
post-termination claims under the fourth head.

10 The logical starting point was to examine and compare PC 21 (Tab 3 of PBOD)
and PC 22 (Tab 5 of PBOD). The following observations on the facts could be
made: (a) the period covered in PC 21 was from 21 January 2013 to 24 October
2014 (when the Plaintiff terminated the contract); and (b) PC 22 was for the
period from 21 January 2013 to 30 September 2015, which was almost a year
after the termination of the contract. It could not be disputed that no
further work was done by the Defendant after 24 October 2014, when they
vacated the worksite.

11 Further, PC 22 was for the identical items of work, goods and services
claimed in PC 21, save for some immaterial differences in the Defendant’s
valuations and the inclusion of the post-termination claims. The Defendant did
not deny this and the fact that the identical claims had previously been
adjudicated in AA 27. There had also been no issue raised concerning the
payment of the adjudicated amount by the Plaintiff to the Defendant.

12 Before going further, it was imperative to examine the law to pinpoint the
type of repeat claims that was prohibited under SOPA.

13 Both parties cited the Court of Appeal’s decision in Lee Wee Lick Terence
(alias Li Weili Terence) v Chua Say Eng (formerly trading as Weng Fatt
Construction Engineering) and another appeal [2013] 1 SLR 401 (“Chua Say
Eng”). I begin by setting out an important passage (at [92]) from the
judgment:

We agree with the observations of the AR. A payment claim which has not been
paid or partially paid before or without any adjudication under the Act is an
unpaid claim. We see no reason why an untimely payment claim under reg 5(1) of
the SOPR (whether served prematurely or out of time) should not be treated as
an unpaid claim under s 10(4) of the Act. In our view, reg 5(1) of the SOPR
does not limit such claims. However, we qualify this conclusion to exclude
amounts in previous claims which have been adjudicated upon on their merits
for obvious reasons (see Dualcorp Pty Ltd v Remo Constructions Pty Ltd [2009]
NSWCA 69, and Doolan v Rubikcon (Qld) Pty Ltd [2008] 2 Qd R 117). In this
connection, we should add that we do not approve the finding of the Assistant
Registrar in Doo Ree Engineering & Trading Pte Ltd v Taisei Corporation [2009]
SGHC 218 that s 10(1) of the Act prohibits all repeat claims (in that case,
the repeat claim was a non-adjudicated premature claim).

[emphasis added]

14 In this regard, I found the Plaintiff’s reading of Chua Say Eng persuasive.
A claimant may “roll-up” any payment claim which was not paid or paid in full
(P’s WS at para 144) but the Court of Appeal was careful to exclude “for
obvious reasons” claims which had been adjudicated on the merits (see
emphasised part in judgment above), clearly contemplating the sort of
situation posed by the present PC 22.

15 More guidance and light could be found in Admin Construction Pte Ltd v
Vivaldi (S) Pte Ltd [2013] 3 SLR 609 (“Admin Construction”). I would have
thought that Quentin Loh J’s succinct analysis should have put this issue to
rest. Loh J stated at [52] and [53]:

52 Terence Lee made clear the following in relation to “repeat claims”:

(a) First, a subsequent payment claim can include a sum which has been
previously claimed (and therefore in one sense a “repeat” claim), but has not
been paid. Section 10(4) of the Act specifically deals with this. A fortiori,
I would imagine that if a piece of work was done within the relevant month but
not included for any reason in the relevant payment claim, there cannot be a
bar against it being included in a later payment claim.

(b) Secondly, where a payment claim has been made, but has not been
adjudicated upon, eg, because no adjudication application was made, it still
remains an “unpaid” claim and could be the subject matter of a later payment
claim and adjudication; see Terence Lee at [92]. For example, a claimant may
choose not to lodge an adjudication application as he is too tied up trying to
carry out his works or the requirements in s 12 of the Act were not or not yet
satisfied; therefore the subsequent payment claim may include (“repeat”) items
in common and they nonetheless remain unpaid claims for the purposes of s
10(4) of the Act.

(c) Thirdly, a payment claim that has been dismissed by an adjudicator for
being served prematurely or as an untimely claim under reg 5(1) or a premature
adjudication application may be the valid subject of a subsequent adjudication
provided it was not adjudicated upon and dismissed on its merits; it does not
provide any ground for an estoppel.

(d) Fourthly, a payment claim or any part thereof which has been validly
brought to adjudication and dismissed on its merits cannot be the subject of a
subsequent payment claim or subsequent adjudication.

53 I accept that the Court of Appeal in Terence Lee did not expressly say that
claimants could incorporate an unpaid payment claim into a subsequent payment
claim which is empty in content (ie, with no claim for new work done).
However, I think it follows from the foregoing that there is no prohibition
against a “repeat” claim unless it falls within [52(d)]: see also the extra
judicial comments by Chan Sek Keong, former Chief Justice who delivered the
judgment in Terence Lee, in the Foreword to Security of Payments and
Construction Adjudication ([43] supra). In principle this must be correct,
viz, that any payment claim or claims, even if “repeated” in more than one
payment claim, can only be the subject, on the merits, of one adjudication.

[emphasis in original in italics; emphasis added in bold italics]

16 In short, based on the authorities above and for our purposes, a repeat
claim that was prohibited under SOPA was a payment claim which had previously
been brought to adjudication and had been determined on its merits.

17 A separate question as to what a determination on the merits meant was
raised by the Defendant under the third head. The claim therein - at S/No 6 of
PC 22 - was dismissed by the adjudicator in AA 27 for insufficiency of
evidence (see para 172 of Adjudication Determination). The Defendant argued
that as such there was no adjudication on the merits, hence this claim was not
a prohibited repeat claim. In my judgment, a dismissal of a claim for
insufficiency or want of evidence must be an adjudication on the merits. There
was no reason in principle for distinguishing between a dismissal of a claim
based on absence of legal or factual basis; or acceptance or rejection of
evidence; or insufficiency or lack of evidence. That clearly was the position
reached in other jurisdictions when confronted with this issue: see for
example, AE & E Australia Pty Ltd v Stowe Australia Pty Ltd [2010] QSC 135 at
[45] and [46].

18 Section 10(1) of SOPA provided the legal basis for the prohibition against
such repeat claims. The commentary by Chow Kok Fong in Security of Payments
and Construction Adjudication (LexisNexis, 2nd Ed, 2013) (“Security of
Payments”) at paras 5.21 and 5.22 was germane to this issue:

REPEAT CLAIMS

The Claim Situation

[5.21] An issue which has caused considerable debate until the recent decision
of the Court of Appeal in Chua Say Eng is whether a claimant is entitled to
submit more than one payment claim in respect of a particular payment
entitlement. On this proposition, if a contract provides for monthly progress
payments and a claim had been submitted for progress payment in respect of
work done in February 2012, the claimant is not entitled to subsequently
submit a further payment claim in respect of the same reference period. In
effect, the claimant is afforded one opportunity to make a claim in respect of
any progress payment entitlement. This proposition arises from a strict
construction of section 10(1) of the Act. Section 10(1) provides:

A claimant may serve one payment claim in respect of a progress payment on

(a) One or more persons who, under the contract concerned, is or may be liable
to make the payment …

…

[emphasis added]

The phrase ‘serve one payment claim’ is read to mean that the claimant is
entitled to only one payment. On this point, the Explanatory Statement issued
together with the Singapore SOP Bill clarifies:

Clause 10 provides that a claimant may serve a single payment claim in respect
of a progress payment in the form and manner prescribed. The clause clarifies
that the claimant can nonetheless include, in a subsequent payment claim, an
amount in a previous payment claim in relation to the same contract which
remains unpaid subject to certain specified conditions.

[5.22] In New South Wales and Victoria, the legislative intention arising from
the speeches delivered during the reading of the respective SOP Bills appeared
to be that a claimant should not be permitted to activate the adjudication
process in respect of multiple payment claims. More specifically, the regime
should not be used to re-agitate matters which have been disposed of earlier
under the guise of a different claim premise.

[emphasis in original in italics; emphasis added in bold italics]

19 In JFC Builders Pte Ltd v LionCity Construction Co Pte Ltd [2013] 1 SLR
1157 (“JFC Builders”), Woo Bih Li J decided at [47], [48] and [76] that the
repeat claim (in the sense of “one which merely repeats an earlier claim
without any additional item of claim” but which may have accounted for payment
received since the earlier claim) was invalid. The learned author Chow Kok
Fong observed that Woo J had so decided, notwithstanding that the “claim items
[in the first claim] had not been the subject of an earlier adjudication”
(para 5.51 of Security of Payments).

20 In the light of Chua Say Eng and Admin Construction which expressly
disagreed (at [48] – [51]) with JFC Builders, I would respectfully differ from
the view expressed in JFC Builders and hold that a repeat claim was prohibited
only if it had previously been adjudicated on the merits (see also Foreword to
Security of Payments by former Chief Justice Chan Sek Keong, at para 12).
However, JFC Builders was significant in deciding that the effect of such a
repeat claim was that it was invalid and should be set aside. Woo J said at
[76] of JFC Builders:

In the circumstances, I was of the view that a claimant is precluded from
making a repeat claim. Section 10(1) is an important part of the scheme under
SOPA and it is the legislative purpose that a breach of s 10(1) renders the
payment claim invalid. Hence, Progress Claim No 8 was not a valid claim for
the purpose of SOPA and the AD, which was based on Progress Claim No 8, was to
be set aside.

21 Earlier at [43], Woo J held that:

I was of the view that if the payment was in breach of s 10(1) SOPA, as
alleged by the Plaintiff, that was not an irregularity which could be waived.

22 In the circumstances, I could not agree with the Defendant’s contention
(see D’s WS at para 66) limiting the grounds of invalidity to breaches of s
10(3)(a) of SOPA and reg 5(2) of the Building and Construction Industry
Security of Payment Regulations (Cap 30B, RG 1, 2006 Rev Ed) only.

23 That said, I found that the invalidity of a repeat claim was a matter that
went to the jurisdiction of the adjudicator (see Admin Construction at [60]).
In Chua Say Eng, after discussing the authorised nominating body’s obligation
under the scheme in SOPA to nominate an adjudicator (at [35]), the Court of
Appeal stated (at [36]):

In our view, if the respondent’s objection to the jurisdiction or power of the
adjudicator to conduct the adjudication is based on an invalid appointment,
such a jurisdictional issue should be raised immediately with the court and
not before the adjudicator. The reason is that since the objection is against
the adjudicator’s jurisdiction as an adjudicator, he has no power to decide if
he has jurisdiction or not. He cannot decide his own competency to act as an
adjudicator when such competency is being challenged by the respondent. An
adjudicator who decides the issue may face one or other of the following
consequences. If he accepts the respondent’s objection and dismisses the
payment claim, the claimant may commence court proceedings against him to
compel him to adjudicate the payment claim. If he dismisses the respondent’s
objection and makes an award, the respondent could still raise the same
objection in enforcement proceedings with respect to his award. Accordingly,
the adjudicator should proceed with the adjudication and leave the issue to
the court to decide.

[emphasis added]

24 When read in the context of the issue under discussion, what the Court of
Appeal meant must be that the adjudication should proceed on the non-
jurisdictional issues only, leaving the jurisdictional issues to be raised
“immediately with the court and not before the adjudicator”. Hence, the
judgment went on to discuss the consequences if the adjudicator proceeded to
decide his own competency (see also [64] and [65] of Chua Say Eng amplifying
on the role of the adjudicator).

25 The extra judicial comments by former CJ Chan in the Foreword to Security
of Payments further clarified the position, as follows (at para 8):

The time and effort devoted by adjudicators to deciding such jurisdictional
issues… only to be duplicated by the High Court when the respondents take the
rear-guard action of setting aside the adjudicator’s application, can be
avoided by separating the merits of the payment claim (ie the amount payable
under a payment claim) from the legal objections to the adjudication
application and confining the function of the adjudicator to the determination
of the merits of the claim. Any defence grounded on lack of jurisdiction
and/or illegality should only be heard by the court as a threshold issue,
instead of being heard, as has been the practice up to now, by the adjudicator
at the adjudication stage. In Chua Say Eng, the Court of Appeal held that such
an issue should not be decided by the adjudicator as he is not competent to so
do. It is also desirable that such jurisdictional issues should not be decided
by an Assistant Registrar in the first instance (as is the current practice)
but by a High Court Judge (as in Australia). This practice adds an unnecessary
layer of judicial adjudication, resulting in additional costs and delay in
resolving such issues.

[emphasis added]

26 The Defendant argued that the last sentence in [36] of Chua Say Eng
“recognises that the adjudication should proceed and that this court should
not stay the adjudication that has been filed”. I should answer the
Defendant’s arguments directly on our facts. Even if the Defendant was correct
that the adjudicator should have proceeded, I had to deal with the matter in
the position that I found it. AA 423 was “stayed” not by any interim or other
order of court, but because the adjudicator decided “to hold in abeyance the
proceedings …” pending the Court’s decision here (Tab 5 and Tab 6 of P’s WS).
This state of the proceedings was fundamentally different from Lau Fook Hoong
Adam v GTH Engineering & Construction Pte Ltd [2015] 5 SLR 516 (“GTH
Engineering”), which the Defendant relied on, where the adjudication proceeded
and the adjudicator’s determination was issued subsequent to the filing of the
originating summons but “prior to any determination of the jurisdictional
issue by the court” ([6] of GTH Engineering).

27 Having been able to reach a decision now that PC 22 (including the post-
termination claims discussed subsequently) was invalid, and that this was a
jurisdictional question, there was no reason for AA 423 to proceed. So even if
the adjudicator was legally wrong in not following Chua Say Eng (see the last
sentence of [36]) and should have proceeded with the adjudication, in a
practical sense he was proved right not to incur all the costs of the
adjudication just to have the determination set aside by the court finally.

28 It should be observed that accepting the authoritative statements at [36]
of Chua Say Eng at face value, it would mean that if PC 22 had proceeded for
adjudication, the adjudicator in AA 423, Mr Seah Choo Meng, would have redone
exactly what the previous adjudicator in AA 27, Mr Naresh Mahtani, had done
(ie, assess the value of the Defendant’s work, goods and services). Mr Seah
would have been prohibited from considering as a threshold question the
jurisdictional issue of prohibited repeat claims before he proceeds with his
assessment. And yet in the normal course of events, an adjudicator may be
faced with this unsatisfactory state of affairs since the scheme under SOPA,
with its short timelines, could result in the adjudication determination being
issued before the decision in the court proceedings. The situation will be
ludicrous and obviously never intended by SOPA if a further repeat claim is
filed to a third adjudicator before the court delivers its decision.

29 It was then argued by the Defendant that in clarifying [36] of Chua Say
Eng, GTH Engineering had highlighted a policy concern that parties may deploy
“dilatory tactics” in the guise of jurisdictional challenges and subvert the
intent of SOPA (see in particular [5] and [9] of GTH Engineering). In my
judgment, the Defendant’s argument did not take into account the differences
in the positions between GTH Engineering and our case. Courts will always be
vigilant, especially in the context of SOPA, for dilatory tactics (as could be
seen in this issue being flagged for discussion early in this case). It was
clear to me that the question of dilatory tactics did not arise on the part of
the Plaintiff. They were entitled to take the point on jurisdiction and were
supported by Chua Say Eng in raising the jurisdictional issue to the court
immediately.

30 It is postulated that where a jurisdictional challenge is validly
submitted, a countervailing policy concern appears: that the adjudicator
should not decide on such issues because that is the court’s province (see
[36] of Chua Say Eng). The interests of expedition, avoiding delay and saving
costs are again weighed in the scales. This can be seen in former CJ Chan’s
suggestion to reduce costs and delay by having such matters heard by the High
Court Judge (as is done in Australia), and not by an Assistant Registrar in
the first instance (see Foreword to Security of Payments, para 8). Hence, the
Court of Appeal in Chua Say Eng (at [36]) had exhorted that such
jurisdictional matters should be raised before the court immediately.

31 Two other subsidiary questions remain, the resolution of which will
comprehensively determine the prohibited repeat claims issue. These are on the
relevance of the payment response and s 17(5) of SOPA.

Relevance of the payment response

32 The first subsidiary question was the relevance of the Plaintiff’s payment
response in PR 22. The determination of this question would effectively wipe
out the Defendant’s four heads of claim relating to the issue of prohibited
repeat claims. The post-termination claims under the fourth head will be
considered and dealt with in a subsequent section.

33 I had some difficulty understanding the Defendant’s case here. The argument
appeared to be that since the operative concept here was issue estoppel, and
the Plaintiff had changed their valuation of the works in various instances in
PR 22 (especially where these were increased), that had altered the issues and
made PC 22 a different claim from PC 21, ie, precluded PC 22 from being a
prohibited repeat claim.

34 I found that the Defendant’s case had several false premises. For one, the
operative concept that invalidated repeat claims was not necessarily issue
estoppel. Be that as it may, the Defendant chose only to accept the instances
where the Plaintiff increased the valuations in PR 22 above the adjudicated
amounts, willy-nilly rejecting the instances where the Plaintiff decreased the
valuations. The Defendant could not show any basis for blowing hot and cold.

35 The firm answer to the Defendant’s reliance on the Plaintiff’s revaluations
in PR 22 lay in the fact that the Plaintiff’s payment response stated clearly
that PC 22 was a repeat claim – see PR 22 at p 418 of PBOD. That that was the
primary position of the Plaintiff was clearly reserved – see letter dated 30
October 2015 from the Plaintiff to the Defendant. All the revaluations by the
Plaintiff were made “without prejudice” to this primary position.

36 The Plaintiff submitted that the purpose of the revaluations in PR 22 was
to take into consideration the latest position for consistency with the
pending arbitration in May 2016. This was not challenged by the Defendant.
Having stipulated that their primary defence was that PC 22 was a repeat
claim, one could understand that the Plaintiff had to do this because of the
nature of the scheme under SOPA, which allowed for “interim” payments which
may be revisited in court proceedings or arbitration. Therefore, the
revaluations in PR 22, having been submitted for a specific purpose, were
irrelevant to the prohibited repeat claims issue.

37 Finally, taking a step back from the Defendant’s arguments, one would have
thought that in deciding whether PC 22 was a prohibited repeat claim, the
relevant documents would be PC 21 and PC 22; and not PR 22. While I could not
rule that the payment response was irrelevant in all cases, I agreed with the
Plaintiff that based on the way the case was argued by the Defendant, the
different valuations in PR 22 were irrelevant. The fact that the Plaintiff
changed some of the valuations in PR 22 did not change the nature of the
claims in PC 22. Indeed it would be odd if the justiciability of PC 22
depended on a subsequent document (PR 22) which the Defendant could not even
have foreseen. The solution was actually simple: references to and analysis of
the two payment claims would establish the Plaintiff’s case that PC 22
(leaving aside the post-termination claims) was a prohibited repeat claim.

Section 17(5) of SOPA

38 The remaining subsidiary question related to the effect of s 17(5) of SOPA,
which the Defendant relied on “directly”. Section 17(5) of SOPA reads,

(5) If, in determining an adjudication application, an adjudicator has
determined in accordance with section 7 —

(a) the value of any construction work carried out under a construction
contract; or

(b) the value of goods or services supplied under a contract,

the adjudicator (or any other adjudicator) shall, in any subsequent
adjudication application that involves the determination of the value of that
work or of those goods or services, give the construction work or the goods or
services, as the case may be, the same value as that previously determined
unless the claimant or respondent satisfies the adjudicator concerned that the
value thereof has changed since the previous determination.

39 The Defendant’s main argument appeared to be that the changes in PR 22
showed that the Plaintiff had changed their position. Therefore, the “facts
surrounding the premise of the adjudicator’s decision” had changed (see Annex
A of D’s WS, in particular under the third and fourth heads).

40 In my view, once the intent of, and the particular situation that s 17(5)
was designed to apply to were understood, the support that the Defendant
claimed from the section would vanish. In Security of Payments, the learned
author provided the legal and industry view (at paras 16.58, 16.59 and 16.61)
as follows:

EFFECT OF EARLIER DETERMINATIONS

Policy Considerations

[16.58] From policy considerations it is clearly desirable that, once the
value of a particular item of work done or goods supplied in respect of a
contract has been determined in an earlier adjudication, neither party should
be entitled to have the inquiry and result revisited. This would prolong a
process which was basically designed to provide a temporary resolution until
full curial proceedings. Indeed, if valuations can be reviewed and revised
uncontrollably, the administration of the adjudication process will be truly
untenable. It therefore seemed expedient to the legislators to provide in the
Act that the value so determined should be binding on an adjudicator dealing
with a subsequent payment dispute arising from the same contract.

[16.59] … This is regardless of the fact that the same adjudicator may preside
at the subsequent adjudication. Thus, if an adjudicator has valued the supply
and installation of a particular type of door at $500 per unit in computing
the adjudicated amount, the adjudicator is required under the Act to retain
this valuation in respect of a subsequent payment claim arising from the same
project. The courts in both the United Kingdom and Australia have been
forthcoming in supporting this intent as exemplified by the decision of the
Technology and Construction Court in Palmers Ltd v ABB Power Construction Ltd
(1999) and the decision of the New South Wales Supreme Court in Walter
Construction Group Ltd v CPL (Slurry Hills) Pty Ltd (2003).

…

Experience in Practice

[16.61] Nevertheless, where an adjudication determination is made during the
course of a project, the rulings contained therein will normally be relied on
by the parties in the conduct and regulation of their relationship with one
another for the remainder of the project. As a result, most adjudicators would
consider it a disservice to the parties to vary or alter earlier rulings
unless there are very compelling reasons for so doing. …

[emphasis added]

41 The exception to s 17(5) applied where “the value thereof has changed since
the previous determination”. The learned author of Security of Payments opined
(at para 16.62) that the exception applied only “where the facts surrounding
the premise of the valuation have changed”. This could conceivably apply (in
my view) to situations where there were variations in or additions to the
construction work, or the goods or services supplied. The exception must be
“specifically raised” and required “compelling evidence” (see para 16.62 of
Security of Payments) of the change in facts. I considered that the author’s
views were sensible having regard to the obvious policy and purpose that the
section served.

42 In our case, the Defendant failed to show that the facts surrounding the
premise of the valuation in PC 21 had changed. In PC 22, the Defendant
submitted the same claims which had been previously valued and adjudicated on
their merits in AA 27. The Defendant was unable to show how the operative
facts that formed the basis of the first valuation had changed such that the
exception in s 17(5) applied. The Defendant’s argument, which was premised on
the different valuations in PR 22, missed the point and was an instance of the
Defendant’s misguided reliance on the payment response (see discussion above
on the relevance of the payment response). The Defendant’s other argument on s
17(5) was tantamount to saying that it generally permitted repeat claims (see
para 56 - 58 of D’s WS). That was a misreading that was contrary to s 10(1) of
SOPA and the clear pronouncements in cases like Chua Say Eng and Admin
Construction (see discussion above on prohibited repeat claims). This was
sufficient to dispose of the Defendant’s reliance on s 17(5) of SOPA.

43 However, the Plaintiff raised the additional argument that s 17(5) operated
only where there was ongoing work (paras 216, 217 and 221 of P’s WS). The
Plaintiff relied on Security of Payments at para 16.61 (“... for the remainder
of the project”) and para 16.62 (“where the facts … have changed”). Hence it
could not apply here where the Defendant’s employment had been terminated on
24 October 2014 and no further works were carried out. I agreed with this
contention. This was reinforced by the indisputable fact that the claims under
the four heads (excluding the post-termination claims) were adjudicated and
determined on their merits in AA 27.

Post-termination claims

44 The above determinations had dealt with the bulk of the Defendant’s claims
in PC 22 under all four heads. The remaining post-termination claims under the
fourth head (see [5] above) need to be examined now. The Plaintiff argued that
these post-termination claims did not fall within SOPA’s adjudication scheme
for payment claims. I was informed by counsel that this was the first time
this issue was being decided in the Singapore High Court.

45 The Plaintiff relied on cl 32(8)(b) of the Conditions of Contract to
entitle them to “make use of all temporary buildings, plant, tools, equipment,
goods or unfixed materials upon the Site, all of which shall vest in and be
deemed to be the property of the Employer”. In the event that this was
challenged, it was for the Defendant to claim against the Plaintiff for
damages at general law, with the possible causes of action being for breach of
contract or the tort of conversion. Upon final completion of the project, the
Defendant can remove his property pursuant to, and subject to the conditions
in cl 32(8)(h).

46 Section 5 of SOPA spelt out the “[e]ntitlement to progress payments” as
follows:

5\. Any person who has carried out any construction work, or supplied any
goods or services, under a contract is entitled to a progress payment.

47 However since the contract here was terminated, the Defendant’s claim could
no longer come under s 5 of SOPA for the carrying out of construction work or
supply of goods and services under the contract and hence, the Defendant was
not entitled to a progress payment under the same section. That being the
case, and considering that s 10(1) provided that “a claimant may serve one
payment claim in respect of a progress payment”, the above post-termination
claims could not be the subject of a payment claim and the adjudicator had no
jurisdiction to adjudicate them. In my view, the Plaintiff’s argument
succeeded.

48 My conclusion was reinforced by the analysis of Applegarth J in McConnell
Dowell Constructors (Aust) Pty Ltd v Heavy Plant Leasing Pty Ltd [2013] QSC
269 (“McConnell”). While I appreciated that the Queensland statutory
adjudication regime did not operate identically with our SOPA, and it was not
entirely clear whether the payment claim in McConnell was in respect of work
done or the supply of goods and services after the termination of the
“construction contract”, I found the reasoning in the following passage from
McConnell most appropriate in supporting the Plaintiff’s position that the
tools and equipment withheld at the site after the termination of the contract
were not supplied “under a contract” pursuant to s 5 of SOPA (see also the D’s
WS at paras 152 and 164):

[53] HPL submits that the provision for McConnell to “take over” all of its
plant, equipment and materials meant that HPL supplied those goods so as to
constitute a “construction contract.” McConnell rejects that submission and
refers to the relevant provision as a “forfeiture clause.” Leaving aside such
an appellation, the point McConnell makes is that it took over the plant,
equipment and materials, rather than their being supplied by HPL under an
agreement or other arrangement. I agree. This was not a hire agreement or
other arrangement to supply goods, even if the value of any unfixed goods and
materials that were taken over by McConnell on determination and used by it
and a fair payment for hire of its plant may feature in the cl 26.5
calculations. The plant, equipment and materials were taken over, rather than
being supplied, and the apparent purpose of their being taken over was to
reduce the delay and cost to McConnell of having to source replacement plant,
equipment and materials. The provision was not in the nature of a hire
agreement, even if the benefit to McConnell of using HPL’s plant was
calculated by reference to a fair payment for hire.

49 In accepting the Plaintiff’s argument, I found further support in cl 32(5)
of the Conditions of Contract, which reads as follows:

Damages Contractor’s Only Remedy

Upon receipt of any notice rescinding the Contract or a Notice of Termination
under Sub-Clause (1) or (2) hereof and whether or not such notice or Notice of
Termination is supported by a Termination Certificate or is based upon any
alleged default or repudiation by the Contractor, the Contractor shall be
bound to yield up possession and to remove his personnel and labour force from
the Site, and irrespective of the validity of the rescission or Notice shall
be limited to his remedy by way of compensation as set out in Sub-Clause (1)
hereof (if applicable) or, if not, in damages.

50 While I acknowledge that the label attached to the relief was not
conclusive (see [41] of Coordinated Construction Co Pty Ltd v JM Hargreaves
(NSW) Pty Ltd & Ors [2005] NSWCA 228 and also para 154(b) of D’s WS), I found
that properly construed, the parties had agreed that the relief available to
the Defendant upon a wrongful termination of the contract by the Plaintiff
shall be by way of compensation in the nature of damages. In my judgment, the
clause was properly invoked to exclude the adjudicator’s jurisdiction.

Order of Court

51 To conclude, I found that, leaving aside the post-termination claims under
the fourth head, all the claims in PC 22 had been made in PC 21 and
adjudicated on their merits in AA 27. For the reasons above, I was of the view
that the Defendant’s arguments on the four heads of claim, premised
essentially on the Plaintiff’s revaluations in PR 22 and s 17(5) of SOPA were
unmeritorious and failed to show that these mentioned claims were permitted to
be reventilated under the adjudication scheme of SOPA. Hence, these were all
prohibited repeat claims.

52 Turning to the post-termination claims, I found that they could not be the
subject of adjudication under SOPA because they could not be the subject of a
payment claim.

53 With that in mind, I made the following orders:

1\. The Defendant forthwith withdraws the Adjudication Application No. SOP/AA
423 of 2015 dated 12 November 2015 made under the provisions of the Building
and Construction Industry Security of Payment Act (Cap. 30B) on the grounds
that Payment Claim No. 22 dated 7 October 2015 is invalid and that the
adjudicator appointed in Adjudication Application No. SOP/AA 423 of 2015 has
no jurisdiction to conduct the adjudication or determine Adjudication
Application No. SOP/AA 423 of 2015.

2\. Costs of this application be paid by the Defendant to the Plaintiff to be
agreed, if not taxed.

3\. The Defendant’s oral application for stay pending appeal was dismissed.

54 For completeness, I should add that my findings above on the invalidity of
PC 22 and the adjudicator’s lack of jurisdiction were final determinations,
with the order to the Defendant to withdraw AA 423 (in its present position)
flowing naturally from the findings. As such, the submissions on the
considerations for the grant of interim injunctive relief (see P’s WS at paras
266 – 278, and D’s WS at paras 166 – 183) were not germane to our situation.

Foo Chee Hock  
Judicial Commissioner

Christopher Chuah, Candy Agnes Sutedja and Daniel Ow (WongPartnership LLP) for
the Plaintiff;  
Mohan Pillay, Yeo Boon Tat and Josephine Tong (MPillay) for the Defendant.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:39 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

