Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the republic of singapore

[2016] SGHC 158

Suit No 28 of 2012  
(HC/Registrar’s Appeal No 207 of 2016)

Between

(1)| Long Well Group Limited  
---|---  
(2)| PT Citrabumi Sacna  
(3)| Private Energy Pte Ltd  
(4)| First Power International Limited  
  
… Plaintiffs/Appellants

And

(1)| Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft  
---|---  
(2)| Commerz Asset Management Asia Pacific Pte Ltd  
(3)| Commerzbank Asset Management Asia Ltd  
(4)| Commerz Asia Best SPC  
  
… Defendants/Respondents

judgment

[Civil Procedure] – [Discovery of documents] – [Application]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Long Well Group Ltd and others

  
v

  

Commerzbank AG and others

[2016] SGHC 158

High Court — Suit No 28 of 2012(HC/Registrar’s Appeal No 207 of 2016)  
Choo Han Teck J  
26 July 2016

11 August 2016 Judgment reserved.

Choo Han Teck J:

1 This was an appeal by the plaintiffs against the decision of Assistant
Registrar Bryan Fang (“AR Fang”) on the further discovery of documents in Suit
28 of 2012 (“the suit”). The suit relates to the plaintiffs’ recovery of
alleged losses suffered in a business venture with the defendants. The purpose
of the venture was to engage in the drilling for oil and gas in a concession
in Libya in 2005.

2 The plaintiffs are investment companies. The first and fourth plaintiffs are
registered companies in the British Virgin Islands. The second plaintiff is a
company registered in Indonesia. The third plaintiff is a Singapore registered
company. They are suing the defendants for among other things, breach of
contract, negligence and misrepresentation. The fourth defendant is the active
defendant and is a special purpose vehicle incorporated in the Cayman Islands.
It is wholly owned by the third defendant which, is wholly owned by the second
defendant, and the second defendant is wholly owned by the first defendant. At
the time of this appeal, the plaintiffs had withdrawn its claim against the
second defendant.

3 From the amended statement of claim, it was pleaded by the plaintiffs that
there were discussions between the plaintiffs’ representatives and defendants’
representatives concerning the money needed for the exploration and
development of an oil and gas venture in Libya. Specifically, it was alleged
by the plaintiffs that the defendants had represented to them that save for
the initial funding to win the bids for the oil and gas concessions which
would be provided by the plaintiffs, the defendants would provide and/or raise
the funds required for the exploration and development of the concessions. It
was also pleaded that the parties agreed to have the third defendant set up
and manage the financing plan for the exploration work. Consequently, a fund
was set up for this purpose by the third defendant (through the fourth
defendant which it wholly owned) and named ‘Commerz Asia Emerald’ (“Emerald”).
Subsequently, Emerald and a company known as PT Pertimina (Persero)
(“Pertamina”) then entered into a joint-operating agreement (“JOA”) and a
joint-venture company was set up. That company was Pertamina E&P Libya Ltd
(‘PEPL’).

4 Mr Christopher De Souza (“Mr De Souza”), counsel for the plaintiffs submits
that Emerald was the sub-fund created by defendants and was an agent of the
defendants. On the other hand, Mr Khelvin Xu (“Mr Xu”), counsel for the
defendants, argues that Emerald was created for the plaintiffs and was the
plaintiffs’ agent. Mr De Souza submits that the Pertamina-Emerald joint
venture managed to obtain rights to the Libyan concession but was not able to
exploit the exploration and development of the concessions. According to the
plaintiffs, this was due to the defendants’ failure to contribute US$50m,
contrary to the representations that they had made to the plaintiffs. The
plaintiffs also rely on Art 6.1.2 of the JOA to establish such an obligation
of the defendants to provide funding. All of this is denied by the defendants
who argue that both the control of the venture and the funding obligation lay
on the plaintiffs.

5 The first category of documents sought by the plaintiffs was an arbitral
award dated 11 November 2010 pursuant to an arbitration between Pertamina and
the fourth defendant. According to the plaintiffs, Pertamina had a dispute
with the fourth defendant arising from matters related to the Libyan
concessions and the JOA. Pertamina succeeded in the arbitration and the
plaintiffs now sought discovery of the arbitration award, to ensure, among
other things, that the fourth defendant maintained a consistent position in
respect of Emerald in the arbitration and in the present suit. This category
of documents sought in discovery was disallowed by AR Fang. He held that the
arbitral award would only show the obligations between the fourth defendant
and Pertamina (a non-party in this suit) under the JOA and not the obligations
between the plaintiffs and defendants in this suit. He also accepted the
submission by Mr Xu that the findings made in arbitration proceedings could
not be adduced as proof of facts in subsequent proceedings between one or more
different parties.

6 The second category of documents sought related to two letters of credit
which were issued by the first defendant in favour of PEPL. The plaintiffs
sought these documents to “show that the defendants had funding obligations”.
AR Fang disallowed discovery of this category on the basis that the plaintiffs
had not pleaded that the first defendant was involved at all in funding the
venture by providing PEPL funding support through the issuance of letters of
credit. He observed that the plaintiffs’ own pleaded case is that the
defendants “did not at all provide and/or raise the funds needed” [emphasis
added] for the venture.

7 The third category of documents sought related to the bank account opened
and maintained by PEPL with the first defendant. The plaintiffs wanted the
correspondence between PEPL and the defendants leading to the creation of the
account as well as bank statements to see who opened the accounts. AR Fang
similarly denied this request because it was not a part of the plaintiffs’
pleaded case that the defendants had provided funding support through the
creation and maintenance of a bank account.

8 AR Fang further observed two difficulties in respect of the second and third
categories of documents requested by the plaintiffs. First, he opined that the
documents requested fell within the definition of “customer information” in s
40A of the Banking Act (Cap 19, 2008 Rev Ed) and were therefore, subject to
the banking secrecy provision in s 47 of the Act. He also observed the lack of
temporal proximity to the material events as the documents sought in the
second and third categories related to circumstances that happened several
years after the alleged misrepresentations.

9 The plaintiffs appealed for an order to reverse AR Fang’s orders. The real
question is why were the plaintiffs before AR Fang and now before me so
convinced that the documents were relevant and discoverable? The crux of the
plaintiffs’ claim in this appeal is that the defendants (either all or some of
them) represented that they will raise funds in the sum of US$50m towards the
“exploration and development of the Libyan concession” and that the documents
requested were necessary and relevant in showing that.

10 With regard to the first category of documents, I note that both parties
accept the confidential nature of arbitral awards but recognise that there may
be exceptions to such a bar of confidentiality. For instance, such
confidentiality would not apply to a party in litigation seeking discovery of
documents generated in an arbitration if a court considers it relevant and
necessary for the fair disposal of the case (AAY v AAZ [2011] 1 SLR 1093 at
[53]). In that respect, the plaintiffs rely on Raymond Pribadi’s (“Pribadi”)
15th affidavit deposing that “the arbitration tribunal had held that the 4th
defendant entered into the JOA [the Pertamina-Emerald joint venture] as
principal and not agent for the 1st and 2nd plaintiffs”. Pribadi further
stated that there were recorded admissions during the arbitral proceedings by
Mr Leisentritt and Mr Cheong, witnesses for the fourth defendant, that there
was no evidence that the fourth defendant was acting only as agent in respect
of the JOA. Pribadi also deposed that the arbitration tribunal held that all
of the fourth defendant’s shares in PEPL be transferred to Pertamina.
According to the amended statement of claim, Pertamina held 55% of PEPL shares
and Emerald held 45% of the shares. That being the case, it brings the
plaintiffs’ role into question. What business do the plaintiffs have in this
oil adventure in Libya since they neither held PEPL shares nor were they
parties to the JOA? Why was the arbitral award relevant and necessary in the
light of that?

11 The answer is not clear because the pleadings have become a voluminous bog
of quicksand and the plaintiffs are now caught in it. In spite of his bold
effort, Mr De Souza could only repeat what Pribadi has been deposing, namely,
that the defendants had represented to the plaintiffs that they ‘would be
providing and/or raising the funding required for the exploration and
development of the concessions’. Was this just a representation or a contract
term? “Funding obligation” is a very general description. What does that mean
in this context? Did the defendants have to give US$50m outright to PEPL or
was this to take the form of a loan to PEPL, and if not, what was it?

12 The plaintiffs say that they were misrepresented to by the defendants but
what exactly did the representations (if true) that the defendants would
“raise the funds” mean? This was nowhere made clear. The statement of claim
could have dispensed with many pages if it could only state that “the
defendant represented that if the plaintiffs … they (the defendants) would pay
US$50m to PEPL for use in accordance with …” The ellipses are the matters that
could have, but were not made clear in the pleaded claim. The statement of
claim refers to three sets of representations that began in May 2005 up until
28 October 2005. It is again unclear what the effect of these diverse
representations was on the plaintiffs.

13 The statement of claim then claimed that on 3 February 2006 the first and
second plaintiffs signed a “transfer agreement” to buy over the shares Emerald
had in the joint venture. The matter gets more complicated when the plaintiffs
pleaded that the first and second plaintiffs signed a share subscription
agreement with the fourth defendant in which they agreed to pay US$9,375,000
and US$5,643,000 respectively, but they allege that the shares in Emerald were
not transferred to the plaintiffs.

14 If that was the case, the plaintiffs’ claim against the fourth defendant
would be a straightforward one for breach of the transfer agreement in failing
to deliver up the shares. Though that might indeed be the case, it is not
entirely clear because the plaintiffs have pleaded so many representations
involving multiple parties over a period of five or six months in which
several contractual documents were signed. If the money involved the large sum
of US$50m, involving big commercial parties, one would have expected the
contract to be well-advised and tight so that disputes that arise will be
narrow and straightforward.

15 If the shares held by the fourth defendant in Emerald had been awarded by
the arbitration tribunal to Pertamina, of what concern is it to the
plaintiffs? They can sue for any money advanced (perhaps the initial $5m) but
they have to set out the terms on which they paid that money. Alternatively,
they can claim damages for breach of contract on account of the fourth
defendant transferring or allowed the shares in Emerald to be transferred to
Pertamina instead of to them. The statement of claim presently pleads too much
evidence and too little cause. If, as the fourth defendant say, Emerald was
created by them for the plaintiffs, then the plaintiffs are the joint venture
partners of Pertamina but from the submissions, both oral and written, it
seems that Pertamina are strangers to the plaintiffs. On the other hand, if,
as the plaintiffs claim, that Emerald belongs to the defendants, then what
interest or even standing do the plaintiffs have in the joint-venture?

16 Accordingly, I am unable to see the relevance and necessity in further
discovery of the first category of document sought by the plaintiffs. First,
the arbitral award did not involve the plaintiffs and only shed light on the
obligations between the fourth defendant and Pertamina, a non-party. Secondly,
the admissions, if at all made by the defendants’ witnesses during the
arbitration cannot be used in the present proceedings as proof of facts and
therefore are neither relevant nor necessary to its disposal. I further note
that the defendants have denied the admissions of their witnesses and the
transfer award and that the plaintiffs have not adduced any evidence or
annexed any portion of the arbitral award to prove their allegations true. In
the light of this, I find that the plaintiffs’ justification that the arbitral
award can be used to test the consistency of the factual positions taken by
the defendants’ witnesses in the present suit is untenable as the plaintiffs
have not even proved that there were positions taken in the arbitration to be
compared with in the first place. Finally, in the light of what had been
deposed in Pribadi’s affidavit about the details of the arbitral award and the
plaintiffs’ admission that they had been “supplied information about an
arbitral award that went against [Emerald] and went in favour of Pertamina”, I
find it hard to see why there is a further need to disclose the arbitral
award. I dismiss the appeal on the first category of documents accordingly.

17 With respect to the second and third categories of documents, the
plaintiffs seek to rely on the documents sought to show that there was an
understanding between the plaintiffs and defendants that the defendants would
fund the joint venture pursuant to the defendants’ representations. With
respect to the letters of credit, ie, the second category of documents, Mr De
Souza submits that the defendants must have provided some form of security for
them to be issued. With respect to the bank account correspondence, ie, the
third category of documents, Mr De Souza submits that there existed a special
relationship between the defendants and PEPL such that the PEPL bank account
had been opened on special terms given by the first defendant.

18 In response, the defendants argue that this flies in the face of the
plaintiffs’ pleaded case in paragraph 40(ii)(a) of the amended statement of
claim where it is pleaded that “the [defendants] …did not at all provide
and/or raise the funds needed…after the successful bids” [emphasis added].
When this was raised to Mr De Souza by AR Fang, his response was only that the
documents sought in the second and third categories were collateral documents
such as emails, instructions or correspondence referring to some obligation or
responsibility that were meant to show that defendants had the obligation to
fund the joint venture from the very beginning. The defendants also argue that
the documents sought in the second and third categories are protected by
banking secrecy.

19 I am unable to agree with the plaintiffs that the documents sought in the
second and third categories are relevant and necessary. First, the plaintiffs’
reasons for the documents run contrary to their pleaded case that the
defendants had provided no funding at all. As Mr Xu points out, the plaintiffs
have not pleaded that the first defendant was involved in funding the venture
by providing PEPL with banking facilities through a banking account and/or
through the issuance of letters of credit. Secondly, I agree with AR Fang that
the documents sought in the second and third categories of documents related
to events long after the alleged misrepresentations in 2005 and lack temporal
proximity. Even taking the plaintiffs’ case at its best and accepting that it
would have taken PEPL some time to build up the “special relationship” with
the defendants in order to open the bank account on preferential terms, the
plaintiffs have been unable to adduce any evidence to show that such a special
relationship existed at all. I further accept the defendants’ submission that
Pribadi, being a director of PEPL at the material time would have very been
aware of any material transactions concerning the opening of the bank account
or the issuance of the letters of credit and his failure in deposing anything
on affidavit is telling of the plaintiffs’ speculation in these categories.

20 For the aforementioned reasons, even without considering the issue of
banking secrecy raised by the defendants, I am unable to find the relevance
and necessity of the documents sought in the second and third category of the
plaintiffs’ requests. I therefore dismiss the appeal on the second and third
categories of documents.

21 As a whole, I do not see any relevance in the categories of documents
sought by the plaintiffs in this appeal. The cause and effect in the story are
not clear, and the statement of claim sets out many events with a lot of
information but no clearly discernible story. The appeal is therefore
dismissed with costs reserved to the trial judge.

\- Sgd -  
Choo Han Teck  
Judge

Christopher De Souza, Darrell Wee Jiawei and Nandhu (Lee & Lee) for the
plaintiffs/appellant;  
Khelvin Xu Cunhan and Tao Tao (Rajah & Tann LLP) for the
defendants/respondents.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:39 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

