Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the

[2016] SGHC 125

Magistrate’s Appeal No 118 of 2015

Between

| Faisal bin Tahar  
---|---  
  
… Appellant

And

| Public Prosecutor  
---|---  
  
… Respondent

GROUNDS OF DECISION

[Criminal Procedure and Sentencing] — [Appeal] — [Summary rejection of appeal]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Faisal bin Tahar

  
v

  

Public Prosecutor

[2016] SGHC 125

High Court — Magistrate’s Appeal No 118 of 2015  
See Kee Oon JC  
15 January; 16 March 2016

1 July 2016

See Kee Oon JC:

Introduction

1 The appellant pleaded guilty to a charge of consuming monoacetylmorphine, a
specified drug, under s 8(b)(ii) of the Misuse of Drugs Act (Cap 185, 2008 Rev
Ed) (“MDA”) in the District Court. In the charge, it was stated that he had
one previous admission and one previous conviction for consumption of
specified drugs, and would therefore face a mandatory minimum sentence of five
years’ imprisonment and three strokes of the cane for the current offence
under the enhanced punishment regime set out in s 33A(1) of the MDA. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

ROP, pp 4.

Such a charge is commonly referred to as a “Long Term Imprisonment 1” or “LT1”
charge for short and I will use this acronym to refer both to charges of this
form as well as to the regime of enhanced punishments set out under s 33A(1)
of the MDA more generally. The appellant was represented by his present
counsel, Mr S K Kumar (“Mr Kumar”), who confirmed that the appellant
understood the nature and consequences of his plea and the punishment
prescribed for the offence 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

ROP, pp 14–15.

. The appellant was convicted and the mandatory minimum sentence was duly
imposed. Dissatisfied, the appellant filed an appeal against his sentence on
the ground that he did not qualify for enhanced punishment. The appeal was set
down to be heard in January 2016.

2 Three weeks before the appeal was scheduled to be heard, the Prosecution
wrote to invite the court to exercise its power under s 384(1) of the Criminal
Procedure Code (Cap 68, 2012 Rev Ed) (I will refer to the provision simply as
“s 384(1)” and to the Criminal Procedure Code as the “CPC”) to summarily
reject the appeal. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Letter from the Prosecution dated 21 December 2015 (“Prosecution’s letter”).

The letter was addressed to the Registrar of the Supreme Court and a copy was
extended to the appellant. However, no response was received from the latter.
At my direction, no order was made as to the Prosecution’s request and the
parties attended before me at the appointed time for the hearing of this
appeal. The appeal was heard over two days and two rounds of submissions were
filed.

3 After careful consideration of the arguments presented, I dismissed the
appeal. I now set out the grounds for my decision. I do so chiefly with a view
towards clarifying two points of criminal procedure which arose in this case.
The first is the ambit of this court’s power to summarily reject an appeal
under s 384(1) and, more specifically, the meaning of the expression “question
of law” in s 384(1). The second is the proper procedure to adopt if an accused
wishes to plead guilty to a charge but nevertheless intends to challenge the
constitutionality of the punishment statutorily prescribed for the offence.
This touches on, among other things, the ambit of s 375 of the CPC, which
governs the right of appeal afforded to an accused convicted following a plea
of guilt. In examining these issues, I will build on the comments I made in
Mohd Fauzi bin Mohamed Mydin v Public Prosecutor [2015] SGHC 313 (“Mohd
Fauzi”).

Background

4 The facts of the offence were concisely set out in the statement of facts
(“SOF”) to which the appellant admitted without qualification. On 2 April
2014, the appellant, then 41 years of age, was arrested on suspicion that he
had consumed a specified drug. On the day of his arrest, he provided two
samples of urine which were sent to the Health Sciences Authority (“HSA”) for
testing. Later that month, analysts from the HSA issued a total of four
certificates under s 16 of the MDA. The certificates stated that the urine
samples had been analysed and found to contain monoacetylmorphine and
methamphetamine, both of which are specified drugs listed in the Fourth
Schedule to the MDA. Two charges under s 8(b)(ii) of the MDA (one each for
monoacetylmorphine and methamphetamine) were preferred against the appellant.
4

##### Foot Note 4

×

Statement of facts (ROP, pp 5 and 6)

5 Section 33A(1)(d) of the MDA provides that an accused is liable for enhanced
punishment if two conjunctive conditions are met, ie that he had “one previous
admission and one previous conviction for consumption of a specific drug under
section 8(b)”. Both charges against the appellant specified that (a) first, he
had previously been convicted of consuming cannabinol derivatives, a specified
drug, in 1997 and sentenced to 15 months’ imprisonment; and that (b) second,
he had previously been admitted to an “approved institution” (the Cluster B
(Changi Prison Complex) Drug Rehabilitation Centre (“DRC”)) for consuming
morphine, which is also a specified drug, in 2010. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

Charge (ROP, p 4); SOF at para 10 (ROP, p 6).

The appellant pleaded guilty to the charge of consuming monoacetylmorphine and
consented to having the charge for the consumption of methamphetamine taken
into consideration for the purpose of sentencing. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

Notes of Evidence (ROP, p 15); 2nd Charge (ROP, p 7).

6 The appellant’s other antecedents were all drug-related. He had prior
convictions for possessing controlled drugs (in 1995 and 2011) and he had been
the subject of two separate drug supervision orders (in 1998 and 2012). In
mitigation, Mr Kumar submitted that the appellant’s prospects for
rehabilitation were favourable and urged the court to impose the mandatory
minimum sentence on him. The Prosecution did not object to this. On 5 August
2015, the District Judge sentenced the appellant to the mandatory minimum
sentence of five years’ imprisonment and three strokes of the cane. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

ROP, p 19.

7 The appellant filed an appeal the very next day. In his petition of appeal
(“the petition”) which was filed on 28 August 2015, the sole ground of appeal
raised was that his sentence was invalid because he did not, despite what was
stated in the charge and in the SOF, satisfy the two conjunctive conditions
for enhanced punishment set out in s 33A(1) of the MDA. Specifically, he took
issue with the use of his admission to the DRC in 2010 as a condition for the
imposition of enhanced punishment. On this, he submitted as follows: 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

Petition of Appeal, para 2 (ROP, p 10).

[The appellant] humbly appeals against the sentence on the grounds [sic] that
the charge under s 33A(1) of MDA is erroneous as he was taken out from the
Drug Rehabilitation Centre (DRC) even before he had received any counselling
or treatment such that reliance on the DRC admission is wrong.

8 On 4 September 2015, the Crime Registry of the State Courts wrote to inform
parties that an electronic copy of the Record of Appeal had been uploaded onto
the eLitigation system and could now be accessed. On 28 October 2015, the
Registrar of the Supreme Court notified parties that the matter had been
scheduled to be heard on 11 December 2015. On 20 November 2015, the hearing
date was revised to 15 January 2016.

9 On 21 December 2015, the Prosecution wrote to invite the court to reject the
appellant’s appeal summarily under s 384(1) of the CPC. Among other things,
they pointed out that the appellant had, acting through Mr Kumar, sought the
imposition of the minimum sentence in the court below. It was submitted that
there was therefore plainly no basis for a reduction of the sentence and that
the summary rejection of the appeal would save valuable judicial time and
public resources. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

Prosecution’s letter at paras 1, 8, and 9.

Mr Kumar did not send a reply even though he received a copy of the letter. I
will make further observations in this connection later. On 29 December 2015,
I directed the Registry to inform the parties that the hearing date would
stand and the parties then filed their submissions. Only the Prosecution did
so in accordance with the prescribed timelines. Mr Kumar only did so on 14
January 2016 (one day before the hearing date) and he filed not one, but three
sets of submissions.

The Prosecution’s application for summary rejection of the appeal

10 In Mohd Fauzi at [23], I explained that s 384(1) of the CPC provides that
an appeal may be summarily rejected without first being set down for hearing
if the following three conditions are satisfied:

(a) First, the grounds of appeal do not raise any question of law (“condition
1”);

(b) Second, it appears to the appellate court that the evidence is sufficient
to support the conviction (“condition 2”); and

(c) Third, there is no material in the circumstances of the case which could
raise a reasonable doubt whether the conviction was right or lead the
appellate court to consider that the sentence ought to be reduced (“condition
3”).

11 The Prosecution argued that the three conditions had been satisfied. Among
other things, they submitted that the plea of guilt had been recorded in full
compliance with the safeguards prescribed by the CPC and that it was plain
that there was sufficient evidence to support the appellant’s conviction on
the charge. In particular, they pointed to the fact that there was ample
documentary evidence (in the form of certificates from the HSA and the like)
to show that the requirements for enhanced punishment under s 33A(1) of the
MDA had been satisfied. In the premises, they submitted that both the
conviction and sentence imposed were in order and that the ground of appeal
neither raised any question of law for determination nor provided any basis
for a reduction of the sentence (which was already the minimum prescribed by
law). 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

Prosecution’s letter at paras 6–8.

12 I agreed with the Prosecution that conditions 2 and 3 had been satisfied.
From my perusal of the record, it was clear that the relevant papers were in
order and there was sufficient evidence to support the appellant’s conviction
for a LT1 drug consumption charge. It was also clear, from the criminal
records issued by the Criminal Records Office and the certificate of previous
admission issued under s 33A(3) of the MDA, that the appellant had (a) been
convicted of drug consumption in 1997 and (b) been admitted to the DRC in
2010. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

Certificate of previous admission (ROP, p 34); CRO (ROP, p 43).

That being the case, it would follow that the court is legally bound to impose
the statutory minimum sentence prescribed and there was no basis upon which
the court may consider that the sentence ought to be reduced. However, I did
not agree that condition 1 (the grounds of appeal do not raise any question of
law) had been satisfied.

The question of law requirement and the purpose of s 384(1)

13 A question of law is most commonly understood in contradistinction to its
counterpart: a question of fact. Without placing too fine a point on it, the
traditional position has been that the legal meaning of an enactment is
quintessentially a question of law; whether a state of affairs exists in the
world is eminently a question of fact; and whether a set of facts falls within
the ambit of a statutory provision is a question of mixed fact and law (see
Edwards (Inspector of Taxes) v Bairstow and another [1956] 1 AC 14 at 30–31
per Viscount Simonds). However, the line of demarcation between a question of
law and a question of fact varies, as it must, depending on the context and
the purpose to which the distinction is being put (see Novelty Dept Store Pte
Ltd v Collector of Land Revenue [2016] 2 SLR 766 at [22]–[23]). The parties
did not address me on this issue at length, but given that this is the first
time that this provision has been considered in depth, I thought it useful to
examine the history of this provision as an aid to construction and to set out
some of my thoughts on this issue.

14 A summary rejection procedure for criminal appeals was first introduced in
our jurisdiction with the passage of the Supreme Court of Judicature Act (Act
No 24 of 1969) (I will refer to this statute and its legislative successors
generically as the “SCJA”). Section 52 of the SCJA provided that the Court of
Criminal Appeal would have the power to summarily reject an appeal if the
three conditions set out at [10] above were satisfied. However, s 52 of the
SCJA was not the progenitor of s 384(1); instead, it was itself based on s 58
of the Courts of Judicature Act 1964 (Act 7 of 1964) (M’sia) (“Malaysian
CJA”): see the explanatory statement to the Supreme Court of Judicature 1969
Bill (Bill 24 of 1969).

15 I will set out s 58 of the Malaysian CJA presently but before I do so I
think it is important to note that the position in Singapore prior to 1964
differed from that in Malaysia (and Malaya before that) in two respects.
First, an accused convicted in the High Court of Singapore was only afforded
an appeal as of right if he wished to appeal against his conviction on a
question of law alone (see Ord 5(a) Straits Settlements Court of Criminal
Appeal Ordinance (Cap 129, 1955 Rev Ed) (“SS CCA Ordinance”)). If an accused
wished to appeal against (a) his conviction on a question of fact alone or on
a question of mixed law and fact, or (b) if he wished to appeal against his
sentence, then he required the leave of court (see Ord 5(b) and 5(c) SS CCA
Ordinance). By contrast, the Criminal Procedure Code of the Federated Malay
States (Cap 6, 1932 Rev Ed) (M’sia) (“FMS CPC”) afforded all accused persons
an appeal as of right, irrespective of the ground of appeal raised. Second,
and as I mentioned above, before the passage of the SCJA in 1969, no appellate
court in Singapore had the power to summarily reject a criminal appeal. In the
Federated Malay States, however, all criminal appeals could be summarily
rejected under s 309 of the FMS CPC.

16 Section 309 of the FMS CPC provided as follows:

309(i) On receiving the documents mentioned in the preceding section, the
Judge shall peruse the same, and if he considers that there is no sufficient
ground for interfering he may reject the appeal summarily; provided that no
appeal shall be rejected summarily except in the case mentioned in subsection
(ii) unless the appellant or his advocate has had a reasonable opportunity of
being heard in support of the same.

309(ii) Where an appeal is brought on the ground that the conviction is
against the weight of the evidence or that the sentence in question is
excessive and it appears to the Judge that the evidence is sufficient to
support the conviction and that there is no material in the circumstances of
the case which could raise a reasonable doubt whether the conviction was right
or lead him to consider that the sentence ought to be reduced the appeal may
without being set down for hearing be summarily rejected by an order under his
hand certifying that he has perused the record and is satisfied that the
appeal has been lodged without any sufficient ground of complaint.

[emphasis added]

17 These differences had to be resolved when the Federation of Malaysia was
formed. At the time of merger, there were three extant Supreme Courts, each
comprising a Court of Appeal and a High Court, in the Federation of Malaya,
Singapore, and in the Borneo States. With the passage of the Malaysia Act 1963
(Act 26 of 1963) (M’sia), these Supreme Courts were replaced by three High
Courts – one each in Malaya, Singapore, and Borneo – and a Federal Court,
which exercised exclusive appellate jurisdiction over matters heard by the
High Courts. Given this change, there was a need to harmonise the divergent
appellate procedures in the States. This provided the impetus for the passage
of the Malaysian CJA, s 58 of which read as follows:

Where the grounds of appeal do not raise any question of law and it appears to
the Lord President and two other Judges of the Federal Court that the evidence
is sufficient to support the conviction and that there is no material in the
circumstances of the case which could raise a reasonable doubt whether the
conviction was right or lead the Federal Court to consider that the sentence
ought to be reduced, the appeal may, without being set down for hearing, be
summarily rejected by an order under the hand of the Lord President,
certifying that the said Judges, having perused the record, are satisfied that
the appeal has been brought without any sufficient ground of complaint and
notice of the rejection shall be served upon the appellant: … [emphasis added]

18 Section 58 of the Malaysian CJA was, in essence, an updated version of s
309 of the FMS CPC, which was adopted in preference to the position in
Singapore (and the Borneo States, where accused persons likewise required the
leave of court to bring an appeal) as a model to be applied throughout the
Federation. However, there is one important difference. The FMS CPC
distinguished between appeals which would be summarily rejected after the
appellant or his advocate had a reasonable opportunity to be heard and those
which could be dismissed without the need for the appellant to be heard. The
latter could only be done where it appeared to the Judge that there is “no
material in the circumstances of the case which could raise a reasonable doubt
whether the conviction was right or lead him to consider that the sentence
ought to be reduced” – basically, conditions 2 and 3. By contrast, s 58 of the
Malaysian CJA did not distinguish between cases where the appellant and his
advocate were to be heard and those where they were not. However, it provided,
in addition to conditions 2 and 3, one further requirement that had to be
satisfied before an appeal could be summarily rejected: the grounds of appeal
must not contain a question of law. This is the origin of the question of law
requirement, which I have referred to as condition 1 in these grounds.

19 Paragraph 9(a) of the explanatory statement to the Courts of Judicature
Bill 1963 (Malaysia) provides a vital clue as to the reason for the
introduction of condition 1:

Clause 58 (summary rejection of appeal) brings the law in Singapore and Borneo
in line with that of Malaya. At present in Singapore and Borneo a convicted
person who wishes to appeal on grounds of fact only or against sentence only
must obtain leave to appeal from a single Judge. In Malaya he can appeal as of
right but his appeal can be summarily rejected if three Judges consider it has
no hope of success. It is thought that the existing system in Malaya makes for
expedition and affords ample safeguards to appellants. [emphasis added in
italics and bold italics]

20 When the drafters of the Malaysian CJA elected for the position in the FMS
CPC over that adopted in Singapore and the Borneo States, they were conscious
that there was a need to balance the desire to provide greater access to
appeals against the need for “expedition” and efficiency in the administration
of justice. This was achieved through an expansion of the power of summary
rejection. Under s 58 of the Malaysian CJA, appeals which had “no hope of
success” may be summarily rejected without the need for the appellant to be
heard. However, the caveat was that those applications which raised questions
of law (the determination of which is traditionally the preserve of an
appellate court) would automatically proceed for an oral hearing before the
Federal Court. This allocation of roles was not new and it reflected the
traditional deference of appellate courts to factual findings made by courts
of first instance. This had always been a part of the law in Singapore and the
Borneo States before merger. Even before the Malaysia CJA was passed, the SS
CCA Ordinance had distinguished between appeals which were premised on
questions of law only (which may be brought as of right) and appeals which
were premised on questions of fact (which lay only with leave): see [15]
above.

21 The Parliament of the newly independent Singapore adopted s 58 of the
Malaysian CJA as s 52 of the SCJA without effecting any substantial changes to
it. Section 52 of the SCJA remained largely unchanged (and also largely
unused) until the passage of the Criminal Procedure Code 2010 (Act 15 of
2010), which repealed and re-enacted s 52 of the SCJA as s 384(1) of the CPC.
Save for the addition of s 384(2) – which states that in cases where the
appellate court comprises more than one judge, a decision to summarily reject
an appeal must be made unanimously – the provision was unchanged. From this,
it may be inferred that the policy intent underlying s 384 mirrors that of the
original enactment and may be relied on by the courts as a guide towards the
exercise of their power of summary rejection.

22 To summarise, the pertinent policy considerations are as follows:

(a) Section 384 was introduced to strike a balance between two competing
imperatives: (i) access to justice – all accused persons should be able to
appeal as of right; and (ii) expedition and efficiency in the administration
of justice – to avoid placing an undue burden on the judicial system.

(b) The summary rejection procedure allows appeals to be dismissed in limine,
without any need for an oral hearing to be convened. However, the power of
summary rejection should only be exercised in respect of appeals which are ex
facie unsustainable and have “no hope of success”.

(c) The summary rejection procedure may only be exercised in respect of
appeals which do not contain a question of law. The traditional definition of
“question of law” – ie, that which is not a question of fact – applies here.
This ensures that only matters which are more suited to appellate
determination will proceed for an oral hearing as a matter of course, whereas
those which turn on findings of fact (in respect of which deference is
traditionally given to the trial court’s findings) may be dismissed summarily.

Why this case was not suitable for summary rejection

23 With these points in mind, I turn to the facts of this case. In advancing
the case that the petition presented no question of law for determination, the
Prosecution made the following points: 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

Prosecution’s letter at para 6.

(a) Section 375 of the CPC provides that an accused who has pleaded guilty and
been convicted on that plea may only appeal against the extent or legality of
his sentence.

(b) The Appellant had pleaded guilty voluntarily at the advice of counsel and
the procedural safeguards set out in the CPC had been adhered to.

(c) Mr Kumar had confirmed that the appellant understood the nature and
consequences of his plea and that he intended to admit to the charge.

(d) Mr Kumar had specifically requested that the court pass the minimum
sentence prescribed by law on his client.

24 In my judgment, these points go towards an assessment of the merits or the
bona fides of the appeal, but not to the character of the question posed. The
sole ground raised in the petition was whether the charge was erroneous
because it was premised on the appellant’s 2010 admission to the DRC, even
though the appellant had allegedly not received any counselling or treatment
during his time in the DRC. This engages an inquiry which touches on issues of
general principle relating, at least in part, to the proper interpretation of
the relevant provisions of the MDA. It seemed to me that this was prima facie
a question of law, or at least a question of mixed fact and law. This case was
quite different from Mohd Fauzi, where the sole ground of appeal raised by the
appellant was that his sentence (the minimum provided for by law) was
manifestly excessive. This was clearly not a question of law within the
meaning of the summary rejection procedure because s 384(5) of the CPC
expressly states that the “question of whether a sentence ought to be reduced
shall be deemed not to be a question of law”.

25 It appeared to me that the Prosecution’s chief complaint was not that no
question of law had been posed at all, but that the question of law posed did
not present itself as a bona fide question deserving of appellate
consideration. This was evident during the substantive hearing of the appeal,
where the Prosecution argued forcefully that the appellant ought to have
raised this point in the court below and that the issue of law raised in the
petition was well-settled. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

Prosecution’s written submissions at paras 15, 24, and 26.

As will be clear in the course of these grounds, I eventually agreed with the
Prosecution on both of these points, but they were not enough to justify the
summary rejection of the appeal without affording the parties a right of
hearing. Section 384(1) does not call on the court to assess the merits of the
question of law or whether it has been put forward in a timely manner, but
merely to ascertain that such a question has been posed.

26 This may be thought of as unsatisfactory, for appellants may seek to evade
the summary rejection procedure by including a question of law, irrespective
of its merit. However, it should be remembered that the power granted to the
court under s 384(1) is draconian: it empowers the court to reject an appeal
summarily before any submissions have been tendered and before the matter has
even been set down for hearing. Therefore, the exercise of this power must be
attended with “ample safeguards” (see [19] above), one of which is the
requirement that only appeals which do not raise relevant questions of law may
be summarily dismissed. This is eminently a policy decision which reflects,
among other things, the traditional allocation of responsibilities between
appellate courts and courts of first instance, and it is still a feature of
our jurisprudence today (see Public Prosecutor v Mohammed Liton Mohammed Syeed
Mallik [2008] 1 SLR(R) 601 at [32]).

27 One example of a case which might be suitable for summary determination
would be an appeal against a minimum sentence on the ground that it is
manifestly excessive. In our constitutional system, Parliament is vested with
the power to make laws prescribing the punishments for any defined offence,
whether fixed or within a defined range, and the duty of the courts is to pass
sentence according to law (see Mohammad Faizal bin Sabtu v Public Prosecutor
[2012] 4 SLR 947 (“Mohammad Faizal”) at [45]). An appeal against a minimum
sentence ought to be dismissed out of hand because it is bound to fail: the
relief prayed for is not within the power of the courts to give. Another
example would be where the appeal suffers from a crucial jurisdictional
deficit. Take, for example, an appellant who seeks to appeal a decision made
in a Magistrate’s Appeal. Such an appeal is a complete non-starter because it
is well-established that the Court of Appeal does not have the authority to
entertain an appeal from a decision made by the High Court in the exercise of
its appellate criminal jurisdiction (see Public Prosecutor v Lim Yong Soon
Bernard [2015] 3 SLR 717 at [32]).

28 Of course, these two scenarios cannot be exhaustive of the circumstances
when the court would be justified in exercising its power under s 384(1), but
they provide useful touchstones. Ultimately, the power under s 384(1) is a
discretionary power, and like all discretionary powers, it must be exercised
judiciously and with due regard for the object and purposes of its grant,
which were set out at [22] above.

An observation on the duty of counsel in s 384(1) applications

29 The foregoing encapsulates my reasons for not exercising my power under s
384(1). Before I leave this point, however, I think it is important to make an
observation about a point of practice in relation to the summary rejection
procedure. Technically, the power of summary rejection is one which the court
may exercise of its own motion. For example, in Chan Heng Pye v Public
Prosecutor [1961] 1 MLJ 161 the court exercised the power of summary rejection
of its own motion under s 309 of the FMS CPC. In the usual course of things,
however, it will be the respondent who urges the court to exercise its powers
under s 384(1) by way of a letter, as was done here. Although it is not
expressly provided for in the CPC, a copy of that letter should be extended to
counsel for the appellant. The Prosecution had done so here.

30 Upon receipt of such a letter, unless his client’s instructions are not to
oppose the call for summary rejection under s 384(1), it is incumbent upon the
counsel for the appellant to reply, even if no specific directions are given
by the court for this to be done. The reason for this is simple. The course of
action being contemplated – the summary rejection of the appeal – is entirely
to the appellant’s disadvantage. It is necessary that the appellant or his
counsel (should he be represented) tender a reply conveying his position to
the court. There is not to say that parties should engage in litigation by
correspondence, but a short reply containing the salient points of objection
and brief reasons why summary rejection is appropriate should be drafted. As I
observed to Mr Kumar during the hearing, his failure to reply did his client a
great disservice. If no response is received, the court might well assume that
none is forthcoming and that the appellant has nothing to say in response and
this could be entirely to the appellant’s detriment.

The substantive appeal

31 I now turn to the substantive appeal. On 15 January 2016, the parties
attended before me. On that occasion, Mr Kumar argued that an admission to the
DRC would be unconstitutional if it did not last for a minimum period of six
months and, consequently, such an admission could not form the condition
precedent for enhanced punishment under s 33A(1) of the MDA. As this was a new
argument which the Prosecution had not anticipated in their submissions, which
had been duly filed in accordance with the prescribed timelines (unlike Mr
Kumar’s, which were only filed immediately prior to the hearing), I adjourned
the matter to allow the Prosecution time to prepare further written
submissions in response. This was done and on 16 March 2016, the matter was
restored for hearing.

The appellant’s arguments

32 Mr Kumar’s core point was that a DRC stint which lasts for less than six
months and/or which is not accompanied by treatment or rehabilitative
programmes cannot be an “admission” within the meaning of s 33A(1)(d) read
with s 33A(5)(c) of the MDA. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

Appellant’s submissions dated 14 January 2016 (Appellant’s 1st submissions”)
at paras 1–3.

This was the same argument which I had considered and rejected in Lee Chuan
Meng v Public Prosecutor [2015] 2 SLR 892 (“Lee Chuan Meng”). Mr Kumar
accepted that my decision in Lee Chuan Meng represents the law. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

Appellant’s 1st submissions at para 6.

However, he contended that there is a constitutional angle to this argument
which was not considered in Lee Chuan Meng’s case which warrants a
reconsideration of this submission.

33 The essence of his argument, as far as I understand it, was as follows. The
admission of a person to DRC is prima facie unconstitutional because it
results in the deprivation of a person’s liberty and thus violates Art 9 of
the Constitution of the Republic of Singapore (1985 Rev Ed, 1999 Reprint)
(“the Constitution”). 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

Appellant’s 1st submissions at paras 8–10, 13–14; Appellant’s “respond to
response” dated 14 March 2016 at paras 7–8.

This act of detention can only be valid if it falls within the scope of Art
9(6)(b) of the Constitution, which specifically excepts laws “relating to the
misuse of drugs or intoxicating substances which authorises the arrest and
detention of any person for the purpose of treatment and rehabilitation” from
the prohibitions in Art 9 of the Constitution. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

Appellant’s 1st submissions at paras 12, 16, 19–21; Appellant’s “respond to
response” at paras 15, 18–19.

However, the appellant’s admission to DRC in 2010, which lasted for less than
five months and which was not accompanied by treatment and rehabilitation,
could not have been for the purpose of treatment and rehabilitation and
therefore falls outside Art 9(6). 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

Appellant’s 1st submissions at para 23; Appellant’s “respond to response” at
para 20.

Therefore, the appellant’s admission to DRC was unconstitutional and, ex
hypothesi, the LT1 sentence which was imposed on him on the back of that
previous admission would itself be unconstitutional.

34 In my judgment, this submission was plainly without merit. Before I proceed
to explain why, I will first deal with the Prosecution’s preliminary
objection, which was that the appeal ought to have been dismissed in limine
because it was procedurally defective.

Preliminary objection

35 The Prosecution submitted that the appeal, while purporting to be one
against sentence, was in truth an appeal against the appellant’s conviction.
This was something which the appellant was absolutely precluded from doing
because s 375 of the CPC specifies that a person who has been convicted
following a plea of guilt may only appeal against the extent or legality of
his sentence. They argued, citing [32] of Mohd Fauzi, that any challenge to
the sentence imposed ought, if at all, to have proceeded by way of an
application for criminal revision, rather than an appeal. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

Prosecution’s written submissions at paras 12 and 15; Prosecution’s further
submissions at para 5.

I did not agree.

36 The appellant had been charged for an offence involving the consumption of
a specified drug. He did not challenge the allegation that he had consumed a
specified drug. He also did not dispute that he should be punished according
to law for having committed this offence. However, his complaint was that he
ought not to face enhanced punishment for it as his spell in DRC in 2010 did
not, properly construed, count as an “admission” within the meaning of s 33A
of the MDA. When presented in this light, it is clear that the appellant was
challenging the legality of his LT1 sentence, which he was clearly entitled to
do under s 375 of the CPC.

37 As Chan Sek Keong CJ explained in Mohammad Faizal at [46] and [47], the
conditions listed in s 33A(1) of the MDA are statutory aggravating factors the
satisfaction of which trigger the application of a legislatively-prescribed
minimum punishment. Previous admissions and convictions which satisfy the
conditions listed in s 33A(1) of the MDA are included in the charge in order
that the accused may have fair notice that the Prosecution intends to prove
their existence to justify the imposition of an enhanced sentence (see 123(6)
of the CPC). However, they are not elements of the offence of drug consumption
per se. The appellant may challenge the legality of the enhanced sentence
imposed on him on the ground that these aggravating factors are absent without
contravening s 375 of the CPC. Having said this, I must emphasise that my
comments are confined only to the LT1 sentencing regime as it is set out in s
33A of the MDA. The position might be quite different if the statutory
aggravating factor in question were a constitutive element of the offence.

38 The facts of Mohd Fauzi, which the Prosecution cited, were quite different.
There, the appellant had pleaded guilty to an offence of consuming morphine.
As he had previously been convicted and sentenced to an LT1 sentence in 1999,
he was liable under s 33A(2) of the MDA to face a minimum sentence of seven
years’ imprisonment and six strokes of the cane (commonly referred to as an
“LT2” sentence). The district judge imposed the minimum LT2 sentence on him
and he appealed. On appeal, he explained that his complaint was with his 1999
(LT1) conviction. He argued that he ought not to have been charged in 1999 as
the concentrations of drugs found in his urine samples then were very low. He
therefore submitted that his LT1 conviction ought to be set aside and, as a
consequence, the LT2 sentence imposed on him for the present offence likewise
had to be set aside.

39 I rejected that argument in Mohd Fauzi as an impermissible attempt to mount
a back-door challenge to his 1999 LT1 conviction (at [18]). Were he genuinely
aggrieved by his LT1 conviction, the proper recourse would have been for him
to file an application for criminal revision to quash it, as the applicant in
Bhavashbhai slo Baboobhai v Public Prosecutor [2015] 2 SLR 1281, who also
sought to set aside his LT2 sentence by challenging the legality of his prior
LT1 conviction, unsuccessfully sought to do. My point was that the legality of
his 1999 LT1 conviction was not and could not form part of the subject matter
of his appeal against his LT2 sentence. This was what I was referring to when
I said at [32] of Mohd Fauzi that “[i]f there is any quarrel with the legality
or validity of the conviction [ie, the appellant’s 1999 LT1 conviction] …
[t]he proper course is not to file an appeal against sentence but a criminal
revision”.

40 In this case, the appellant’s quarrel is not with the propriety of his
present conviction for drug consumption, or with any of his previous
convictions for drug consumption, but with the use of his admission to the DRC
in 2010 as a condition precedent for the imposition of an LT1 sentence for his
present offence. In my judgment, this could properly form the subject matter
of an appeal against the legality of his sentence, and there was no need for
it to have proceeded solely by way of an application for a criminal revision.

41 However, I agreed with the Prosecution’s alternative submission, which was
that it would have been preferable for the appellant to have applied to the
District Court for a case to be stated on a question of law concerning the
effect of a provision of the Constitution pursuant to s 395(2)(a) of the CPC
if it had genuinely been his intent all along to raise such an issue for the
court’s determination. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

Respondent’s further submissions dated 12 February 2016 at paras 6 and 7.

This was done, for example, in Mohammad Faizal where the applicant (who,
incidentally, was also represented by Mr Kumar) had pleaded guilty but had
applied, before he was sentenced, to state a case on the constitutionality of
the LT1 regime. Regrettably, this was not done here.

42 The District Judge heard the appellant’s matter over two days – on 1 July
and 5 August 2015 – and no mention was made by Mr Kumar of the appellant’s
dissatisfaction with the LT1 charge at any time. Instead, the indication was
always that the appellant would be admitting to the charge without
qualification and was content with the imposition of the mandatory minimum
sentence, which was what he sought in mitigation. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

ROP, pp 13–23.

The filing of the appeal on 6 August 2015, therefore, came as a surprise. On
11 August 2015, the parties attended before the District Judge to hear the
appellant’s application for bail pending appeal. When the District Judge asked
Mr Kumar why the matter of the legality of the LT1 sentence had not been
raised previously, he could only reply, blithely, that “[t]he State Courts are
not seised with jurisdiction to hear such issues, that’s why it was not
mounted earlier.” 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

ROP, p 22.

This explanation is not convincing in the slightest.

43 It was always open, as Mr Kumar would have been well aware, for the trial
court, either on its own motion or on the application of the appellant or the
Prosecution, to state a case. This could have been done from the outset, even
before the appellant had pleaded guilty, and would have saved time and costs.
It would have obviated the need for a hearing to determine the grant of bail
pending appeal and it would have put the Prosecution on notice that a
constitutional argument would be raised, allowing them to tender a
comprehensive set of submissions from the start, without the need for an
adjournment. This was not done. Instead, the submissions containing the
constitutional arguments were only raised in submissions tendered just one day
before the hearing of the appeal.

44 It was evident from what Mr Kumar informed the District Judge on 11 August
2015 that he had intended all along to mount a submission on constitutional
validity but had chosen not to expressly advert to this in his petition of
appeal. Mr Kumar chose to leave it until the eleventh hour to articulate his
submission. The overall impression is that the matter was deliberately and
cynically being protracted, for ends or purposes that are not clear, leaving
one in serious doubt as to the bona fides of the submission.

Analysis of the appellant’s arguments

45 I now turn to the substance of the appellant’s arguments. Mr Kumar’s
submission, shortly put, was that the appellant’s LT1 sentence, which was
based on an unconstitutional admission to the DRC, was itself unconstitutional
and therefore had to be set aside. In my judgment, this submission must fail
for one simple reason: It was never disputed that the appellant had taken
drugs in 2010 and that it was pursuant to that act of consumption that he was
admitted to the DRC. As I explained in Lee Chuan Meng at [20], the “basic
precondition” for the imposition of an LT1 sentence is that it must be proved
that the accused has consumed a controlled drug on at least two previous
occasions. The fact that the appellant was admitted to the DRC in 2010
pursuant to a positive drug test, together with his prior conviction for drug
consumption in 1997, satisfies this basic precondition.

46 The fact that the appellant’s detention might be unconstitutional – either
because he did not receive any treatment while in the DRC or because the
detention did not last for at least six months – is neither here nor there as
it does not change the fact that he had consumed drugs on a previous occasion.
Provided that the DRC admission had been ordered following a determination
that he had consumed a controlled drug, it would be entirely proper for the
courts to take the appellant’s prior DRC admission into account in deciding
whether he qualifies for an LT1 sentence. If the appellant’s constitutional
rights had truly been violated, he might potentially seek redress in other
ways but those would be matters which fall to be decided in different fora and
through different forms of legal process, but it cannot be of any relevance to
the present appeal. This was, in essence, the same point I made in Lee Chuan
Meng at [22]–[23], though not in a constitutional context.

47 Alone, this would be sufficient to dispose of this matter. For
completeness, however, I will go on to explain why I did not agree with Mr
Kumar’s submission that the appellant’s admission to the DRC in 2010 was
unconstitutional.

48 As a preliminary point, I first observe that Mr Kumar’s reference to Art
9(6) of the Constitution was a complete non sequitur (see [33] above). Article
9(6) is a savings provision which narrows the scope of the substantive
enactments which precede it. It states that no law shall be invalid merely by
reason of the fact that it does not comply with either Arts 9(3) or 9(4). Both
of these articles relate to the requirements of procedural due process which
accompany any act of detention: Art 9(3) relates to the right to be informed
of the grounds of one’s arrest and the right of access to counsel; Art 9(4)
relates to the right to have the legality of one’s detention reviewed by a
Magistrate. However, the appellant had not argued that either of these rights
was violated when he was admitted to the DRC in 2010. Instead, his complaint
was that his DRC admission constituted an unsanctioned deprivation of his
liberty – this was a matter which engaged Art 9(1), not Arts 9(3) or 9(4) of
the Constitution.

49 Article 9(1) of the Constitution provides that “[n]o person shall be
deprived of his life or personal liberty save in accordance with law.” As the
High Court explained in Tan Eng Hong v Attorney General [2013] 4 SLR 1059 at
[26], Art 9(1) has a Janus-faced quality to it: on the one hand, it proscribes
deprivations of life and liberty unless they are sanctioned by law; on the
other hand, it also permits deprivations of life and liberty which are carried
out in accordance with law. I accepted Mr Kumar’s submission that an admission
and detention of a person in DRC results in a deprivation of liberty. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

Appellant’s submissions at para 8; Appellant’s “respond to response” at para
15.

However, s 34(2)(b) of the MDA (which, as an Act of Parliament, is undoubtedly
a law-creating instrument) explicitly authorises the Director of the Central
Narcotics Bureau (“the Director”) to order a person to be detained in an
approved institution for a period of time to “undergo treatment and
rehabilitation” if he is satisfied, following a medical examination or the
results of the person’s urine tests, that such admission is necessary.

50 The question, therefore, is whether the appellant’s 2010 admission to the
DRC falls within the terms of s 34(2) of the MDA and is therefore a legally-
sanctioned deprivation of the appellant’s liberty. In answer to this, the
Prosecution pointed out that it was not disputed that the appellant was (a)
admitted pursuant to an order made by the Director, (b) the stated purpose of
the order was for the appellant “to undergo treatment and rehabilitation”, and
(c) this admission was premised on the results of positive urine tests which
established that the appellant had consumed morphine. It was submitted that
the appellant’s admission to the DRC in 2010 adhered to the requirements in s
34(2) of the MDA and was therefore a legally-sanctioned act of detention which
comported with the requirements of the Constitution. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

ROP, pp 34–38; Prosecution’s reply submissions dated 12 February 2016 at paras
21–22.

51 Mr Kumar challenged this on three broad grounds:

(a) First he argued that the Prosecution had not done enough to discharge its
evidential burden of showing that the admission order was actuated by the
motive of subjecting the person to treatment and rehabilitation. He contended
that the Prosecution had to go beyond what was said in the documents of
admission and adduce positive evidence to explain, among other things, why the
appellant had been released before the expiry of six months and why the
appellant had (allegedly) not received any treatment during his time in
detention. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

Appellant’s “respond to response” at paras 10–12.

(b) Second, and in the alternative, Mr Kumar argued that it was not enough
that a stint in the DRC was actuated by the motive of subjecting the person to
treatment and rehabilitation if it did not last for at least six months. He
submitted that under s 34(3) of the MDA, every admission to the DRC must last
for least six months. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

Appellant’s “respond to response” at paras 8–14.

(c) Third, he submitted that any admission that is either unaccompanied by any
treatment and rehabilitation programmes – as he said was the case with the
appellant’s 2010 admission to the DRC – would be purely punitive. Insofar as
this was contemplated by s 34(2) of the MDA, it was unconstitutional, as it
amounted to a vesting of what is exclusively an instance of the judicial power
(the power to punish) in the executive. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

Appellant’s “respond to response” at paras 15–18.

52 In my judgment, Mr Kumar’s first submission turned the matter on its head.
As the Court of Appeal noted in Ramalingam Ravinthran v Attorney General
[2012] 2 SLR 49 at [47], a presumption of legality attaches to the acts of
public officials. Absenting positive evidence to the contrary, the good faith
of public officials and the validity of their actions must be presumed. The
burden was on the appellant to establish that the Director had exercised his
discretion in an unlawful manner and he had not done so. Even if it were
assumed that the appellant did not receive any treatment or rehabilitation in
the DRC, it would be unwarranted to infer from this that the Director had
exercised his power improperly by ordering an admission in the first instance.

53 As for his second contention, it rests on a plain misreading of s 34(3) of
the MDA. Section 34(3) provides that “[e]very person who is admitted to an
approved institution under this section shall be detained in the institution
for a period of 6 months unless he is discharged earlier by the Director or
the Review Committee of the institution” [emphasis added]. It is clear that it
does not mandate that every stint at the DRC must last for at least six
months.

54 In support of his third contention, Mr Kumar relied heavily on the
following passage from the decision of the High Court of Australia in Chu
Kheng Lim and others v Minister for Immigration, Local Government and Ethnic
Affairs and another (1992) 110 ALR 97 (“Chu Kheng Lim”) at 118–119:

In the light of what has been said above, the two sections will be valid laws
if the detention which they require and authorise is limited to what is
reasonably capable of being seen as necessary for the purposes of deportation
or necessary to enable an application for an entry permit to be made and
considered. On the other hand, if the detention which those sections require
and authorise is not so limited, the authority which they purportedly confer
upon the Executive cannot properly be seen as an incident of the executive
powers to exclude, admit and deport an alien. In that event, they will be of a
punitive nature and contravene Ch III's insistence that the judicial power of
the Commonwealth be vested exclusively in the courts which it designates.
[emphasis added]

55 In my judgment, Mr Kumar’s reliance on Chu Kheng Lim was misplaced. The
question there was whether certain statutory provisions which provided for the
compulsory detention of non-citizens pending their expulsion or deportation
were unconstitutional because they amounted to a vesting of the judicial power
to punish in the executive. In answering this question in the negative, the
court held that the power to detain a person for the purposes of expulsion or
deportation was not punitive in character, and was instead properly classified
as an incident of the executive powers of exclusion, admission and deportation
(see Chu Kheng Lim at 120). Likewise, s 34(2)(b) of the MDA permits the
detention of an individual for the “purpose” of “treatment and
rehabilitation”. This power of detention granted under s 34(2) of the MDA is
properly seen as an incident of the executive power to administer the laws
relating to the treatment and rehabilitation of drug addicts under Part IV of
the MDA and it would, as Chan CJ put it in Mohammad Faizal at [49], “be
inaccurate to characterise a DRC admission as inflicting punishment”. There is
therefore no basis for concluding that s 34(2) transgresses the principle of
the separation of powers.

Conclusion

56 At the end of the day, even though the appellant tried to cloak his
arguments in constitutional garb, he had not gone beyond what the appellant in
Lee Chuan Meng tried to do, which was to urge this court to hold that an
admission to the DRC has to last for at least six months and be accompanied by
treatment and rehabilitation before it could be used as a condition precedent
for the imposition of LT1 punishment. This was an argument which had already
been carefully considered and rejected.

57 For the foregoing reasons, I dismissed the appeal.

See Kee Oon  
Judicial Commissioner

Udeh Kumar s/o Sethuraju (S K Kumar Law Practice LLP)  
for the appellant;

Chee Min Ping and Shen Wanqin (Attorney-General’s Chambers)  
for the respondent.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:39 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

