Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the

[2016] SGHC 56

Criminal Case No 18 of 2013

Public Prosecutor

v

Hishamrudin Bin Mohd

grounds of decision

[Criminal Law] — [Statutory offences] — [Misuse of Drugs Act]

[Evidence] — [Witnesses] — [Corroboration]

[Evidence] — [Witnesses] — [Impeaching witness’ credibility]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Public Prosecutor

  
v

  

Hishamrudin Bin Mohd

[2016] SGHC 56

High Court — Criminal Case No 18 of 2013  
Chan Seng Onn J  
1–4, 8–11 October 2013; 14–16, 21–22 May 2014; 5–7, 12–15, 19–21, 26–29 August
2014; 24–26 February 2015; 4–6, 10–12 March 2015; 14–15, 19–22, 28–29 January
2016; 2 February 2016

6 April 2016

Chan Seng Onn J:

Introduction

1 The accused, a 54 year-old Singaporean male who was a Senior Sales
Consultant at the time of his arrest, claimed trial before me on two charges
of trafficking diamorphine under s 5(1)(a) read with s 5(2) and punishable
under s 33 of the Misuse of Drugs Act (Cap 185, 2008 Rev Ed) (the “MDA”). The
first charge (the “non-capital charge”) is set out as follows:

That you, HISHAMRUDIN BIN MOHD, on the 7th day of October 2010, at about 9.30
a.m., in a vehicle bearing registration licence plate number SJV 4311S, at
basement car park of City Square Mall, 180 Kitchener Road, Singapore, did
traffic in a controlled drug specified in Class A of the First Schedule of the
[MDA], to wit, by having in your possession for the purpose of trafficking,
fifty-nine (59) packets of granular substance which was analysed and found to
contain not less than 3.56 grams of diamorphine, without any authorisation
under the [MDA] or the Regulations made thereunder and you have thereby
committed an offence under Section 5(1)(a) read with Section 5(2) of the
[MDA], and punishable under Section 33 of the [MDA]. [emphasis added]

2 The second charge (the “capital charge”) reads as follows:

That you, HISHAMRUDIN BIN MOHD, on the 7th day of October 2010, at or about
1.30 p.m, in Block 83 Commonwealth Close #12-167, Singapore did traffic in a
controlled drug specified in Class A of the First Schedule of the [MDA], to
wit, by having in your possession for the purpose of trafficking, one hundred
and ninety-three (193) packets of brown granular/powdery substance which was
analysed and found to contain not less than 34.94 grams of diamorphine,
without any authorisation under the [MDA] or the Regulations made thereunder
and you have thereby committed an offence under Section 5(1)(a) read with
Section 5(2) of the [MDA], and punishable under Section 33 of the [MDA], and
further upon your conviction under section 5(1)(a) read with section 5(2) of
the [MDA], you may alternatively be liable to be punished under section 33B of
the [MDA]. [emphasis added]

3 This was a protracted trial that took place over five tranches from October
2013 to February 2016, with different counsel and prosecutors handling the
matter for the accused and Prosecution over the course of the trial. The
accused was assigned free legal counsel under the Legal Assistance Scheme for
Capital Offences (“LASCO”), but he repeatedly discharged his assigned LASCO
counsel (totalling to no less than four lawyers over the whole trial, two who
acted as his counsel and another two who separately acted as his McKenzie
friend) until he eventually appeared in person without the assistance of any
McKenzie friend in the last tranche.

4 In his defence, the accused made several serious accusations against the
Prosecution and officers from the Central Narcotics Bureau (“CNB”), including
the allegation that he had been framed by CNB officers and that the
Prosecution’s exhibits had been forged and tampered with. The accused’s claims
were strongly denied and submitted by the Prosecution to be baseless and
clearly fabricated.

5 I found the accused guilty of both charges and convicted him accordingly.
For the non-capital charge, I sentenced the accused to six years’ imprisonment
with effect from the date of his remand on 9 October 2010. For the capital
charge, the Prosecution informed the court that the Public Prosecutor would
not be issuing a certificate of substantive assistance under s 33B(2)(b) of
the MDA, and I imposed the mandatory death penalty on the accused accordingly.

Background facts

The accused was arrested with drugs in his car

6 In the morning of 7 October 2010, the accused left Block 83 Commonwealth
Close #12-167 Singapore (the “Flat”), the flat where he was the sole lessee of
1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Transcript dated 26 August 2014 (Day 24), at p 86: 16–24; Exhibit P354.

and was staying at, and drove his car (bearing license plate number SJV 4311S
2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Transcript dated 20 January 2016 (Day 40), at p 77: 2–6; Exhibit P353.

and registered under the accused) to City Square Mall (the “Mall”). The
accused parked his car at the basement four (“B4”) carpark of the Mall, locked
his car and made his way by foot to the coffeeshop at Shing Hotel along
Kitchener Road, where he met one Ahad Bin Salleh (“Ahad”). At the coffeeshop,
the accused passed Ahad an envelope containing S$3,000 in $10 note
denominations. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Transcript dated 20 January 2016 (Day 40), at p 54: 19–24.

Thereafter, CNB officers arrested the accused at the coffeeshop. Another team
of CNB officers also arrested Ahad on the same day.

7 SSSgt Alwin Wong Kah Hung (“SSSgt Alwin”) searched the accused in the CNB
operational car and recovered the accused’s car key with a remote control from
the accused’s shorts. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

Transcript dated 11 October 2013 (Day 8) at p 147; Transcript dated 20 January
2016 (Day 40), at p 116: 14–29.

The accused was then brought to his car in the B4 carpark of the Mall where
his car was unlocked in his presence using the recovered car key. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

Transcript dated 20 January 2016 (Day 40), at p 118: 7–9.

The car was searched then, and one white ‘Choices’ plastic bag labelled A1 was
recovered from the floor mat of the front passenger seat of the car. This was
witnessed by the accused. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

Transcript dated 20 January 2016 (Day 40), at pp 133–134.

The accused was further searched at the B4 carpark and the keys to his Flat
were recovered. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

Transcript dated 20 January 2016 (Day 40), at p 134: 12–24.

A contemporaneous statement was also recorded from the accused at the carpark.
8

##### Foot Note 8

×

Transcript dated 20 January 2016 (Day 40), at p 60.

8 The White ‘Choices’ plastic bag, or Exhibit A1, held two newspaper-wrapped
bundles which contained 29 and 30 packets of brown granular substance
respectively that were analysed and found to collectively contain not less
than 3.56 grams of diamorphine. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

Exhibits P85 and P86.

The accused’s Flat was searched and drugs were found in his bedroom

9 On the same day, CNB officers escorted the accused and arrived at the Flat
at about 1.30 p.m. The Flat was unlocked using the keys recovered from the
accused in his presence. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

Transcript dated 21 January 2016 (Day 41), at pp 10–11.

One Rosli Bin Sukaimi (“Rosli”) was found inside the bathroom of the Flat 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

Transcript dated 2 October 2013 (Day 2), at p 134: 17–22.

and was arrested.

10 CNB officers searched the Flat in the accused’s presence. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

Transcript dated 21 January 2016 (Day 41), at p 11: 6–8.

One luggage bag marked B1 was recovered from the accused’s bedroom 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

Transcript dated 21 January 2016 (Day 41), at p 14: 5–8; Exhibit P34.

which the accused was the sole occupant of. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

Transcript dated 21 January 2016 (Day 41), at p 11: 14–19.

The accused informed W/SSgt Jenny Woo (“W/SSgt Jenny”) then that the luggage
bag belonged to the maid. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

Transcript dated 3 October 2013 (Day 3), at p 21: 6–27.

One digital weighing scale belonging to the accused was recovered from the
kitchen by SSSgt Kua Boon San, 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

Transcript dated 22 May 2014 (Day 13), at p 70: 8–12; Transcript dated 29
August 2014 (Day 27), at p 55: 8–11; Exhibit P64.

and 193 packets of brown granular/powdery substance and several drug
paraphernalia were recovered from the luggage bag.

11 SSgt Sunny Low (“SSgt Sunny”) swabbed the drug exhibits recovered in the
Flat, 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

Transcript dated 2 October 2013 (Day 2), at p 15: 12–13.

and photographs were also taken in the Flat. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

Transcript dated 21 January 2016 (Day 41), at p 28: 4–24.

The accused was eventually brought to the CNB headquarters where the drug
exhibits were weighed in his presence. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

Transcript dated 21 January 2016 (Day 41), at p 42: 14-16.

The 193 packets recovered from the Flat were analysed and found to contain not
less than 34.94 grams of diamorphine. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

Exhibits P81, P82, and P87 to P92.

The Prosecution’s case

The non-capital charge

12 In respect of the non-capital charge, it was the Prosecution’s case that
the accused had in his possession the 59 packets of diamorphine that were
recovered from his car. The accused was spotted holding a white-coloured
bundle in his left hand before entering his car at about 8.55 a.m. on 7
October 2010 by SSI Heng Chin Kok (“SSI Heng”). CNB officers tailed his car to
the Mall, and his car was seen entering the entrance of the B4 carpark of the
Mall. CCTV footage also showed his car entering the carpark and him taking the
lift from B4 to the ground level of the Mall before walking towards the exit
thereafter. The accused was seen leaving the Mall by SSI Heng and SSgt
Ravichandran Ramu for the coffeeshop at Shing Hotel. After the accused’s
arrest (after being seen passing Ahad a white envelope containing S$3,000),
the accused’s car key was recovered during a search of the accused. The
accused was brought to his car which was unlocked and searched in his
presence.

13 Under the directions of DSP Tan Seow Keong (“DSP Tan”), SSSgt Chan Kin
Foong took photographs of the Mall, and of the car at the B4 carpark of the
Mall in the presence of the accused. The contents of the ‘Choices’ plastic bag
that was recovered from the floor mat of the front passenger seat were placed
on a Ziploc bag on top of the car boot and counted in the presence of the
accused. Several other items were seized from the car: a bottle of mineral
water, two pairs of sunglasses, one piece of cloth, and one piece of rubber
band. DNA analysis revealed that the DNA of the accused was found on the gear
knob, steering wheel and handbrake of the car, on one of the sunglasses, on
the bottle of mineral water and on the piece of cloth and rubber band. More
importantly, the accused’s DNA was discovered on the interior and exterior of
the ‘Choices’ plastic bag containing the drug exhibits. The Prosecution thus
relied on the DNA evidence, testimonies of the CNB officers involved, a letter
from the Land Transport Authority confirming the accused’s ownership of the
car, as well as the presumption of possession under s 21 of the MDA, where any
controlled drug found in any vehicle shall be presumed, until the contrary is
proved, to be in the possession of the owner of the vehicle.

14 The Prosecution also submitted that the accused had actual knowledge of the
nature of controlled drugs in the ‘Choices’ plastic bag recovered from the
vehicle. They relied on the following to indicate that the accused had actual
knowledge of the nature of controlled drugs found in the car:

(a) the accused’s DNA was found on the interior and exterior of the ‘Choices’
plastic bag that contained the controlled drugs;

(b) pages of the newspaper used to wrap the drugs in the ‘Choices’ plastic bag
were part of a same set of newspaper from which other pages were found in the
luggage bag found in the accused’s Flat which contained more drug exhibits;

(c) the plastic packets that were sealed and found in the ‘Choices’ plastic
bag were heat-sealed using the same heat sealer as those that were sealed and
found in the luggage bag in the Flat, and the accused’s DNA was found on that
heat-sealer; and

(d) the accused was the registered owner of the car, and had admitted during
cross-examination that he had parked and locked the car at the B4 carpark of
the Mall that morning on 7 October 2010.

15 Lastly, in support of the case that the accused had the 3.56 grams of
diamorphine in his possession for the purpose of trafficking, the Prosecution
relied on the presumption in s 17(c) of the MDA and pointed me, in addition to
the abovementioned facts in [14], to the fact that the luggage bag that was
found in the Flat contained numerous drug paraphernalia used for trafficking
of controlled drugs, such as the said heat-sealer, a knife, a brush, a pair of
scissors and empty plastic sachets (see below at [19]).

The capital charge

16 In respect of the capital charge, it was the Prosecution’s case that it had
proven beyond a reasonable doubt that the accused had in his possession the
193 packets of controlled drugs recovered from the Flat, which were
subsequently analysed and found to contain not less than 34.94 grams of
diamorphine.

17 The accused did not deny ownership of the Flat, and also admitted that the
Flat was unlocked in his presence by the CNB officers who also searched the
Flat in his presence and that Rosli, who was found in the bathroom, was
arrested then on 7 October 2010. The luggage bag that contained the drug
exhibits was recovered from the bedroom of the Flat by W/SSgt Jenny, who asked
the accused for the keys to the padlock of the main compartment of the luggage
bag. The accused claimed that he did not have the keys, and said that the
luggage bag belonged to his family maid, Meisaroh.

18 Two weighing scales, some batteries, a lighter, a white candle, two
chargers and one extension plug were recovered from the small front
compartment of the luggage bag which was not locked. SSSgt Alwin used an
operational cutter to cut the padlock of the main compartment of the luggage
bag in the presence of the accused. Thereafter, W/SSgt Jenny searched the main
compartment, saw a plastic bag containing brown granular substances and was
told to wait for the arrival of the Forensic Management Branch officer by ASP
Aaron Tang. The controlled drugs found in the luggage bag were revealed after
analysis to have contained not less than 34.94 grams of diamorphine.

19 The following drug paraphernalia were recovered from the luggage bag:

(a) one ‘BIG BOOKSHOP’ plastic bag containing white candles, brown envelopes,
white envelopes, red rubber bands, disposal gloves, plastic bags and empty
plastic sachets;

(b) one paper box containing one electronic heat-sealer, operating
instructions, an adjusting tool, plastic bag, white strip and two Styrofoam
boxes;

(c) one box of disposable vinyl exam gloves;

(d) one pink ‘BODY PALACE’ bag containing three packets of drugs, one metal
spoon, a sheathed knife, a brush, a pair of scissors and empty plastic
sachets;

(e) one stack of newspapers;

(f) an assortment of empty plastic bags; and

(g) one black lighter.

20 A digital weighing scale was also recovered from beneath the kitchen sink
of the Flat, as well as another ‘BIG BOOKSHOP’ plastic bag containing eight
packets of white envelopes, one liquid corrector, one receipt, and another
‘RAW’ bag containing a yellow plastic sheet with numerous empty plastic
sachets in it. A set of two keys for the padlock on the main compartment of
the luggage bag was also found in a drawer in the wardrobe of the bedroom in
the Flat.

21 The accused admitted to owning the digital weighing scale recovered from
the kitchen, and also admitted that the controlled drugs and items mentioned
above in [18] and [19] were found in the luggage bag by the CNB officers on
the day of his arrest in the Flat. DNA of the accused was found on numerous
items recovered from the luggage bag, including the plastic packets that
contained the drugs. The Housing Development Board confirmed the accused as
the registered sole lessee of the Flat, and the accused admitted he had
resided in the bedroom where the luggage bag was recovered from. Rosli, who
had stayed in the Flat for a period of time, also testified that the accused
had used the bedroom when he was in Singapore. Records from the Immigration
and Checkpoints Authority revealed that the accused was in Singapore for the
whole month of July (with the exception of 24 to 27 July 2010) until the date
of his arrest on 7 October 2010.

22 Two other persons had regular access to the Flat: Rosli, as well as the
accused’s family maid, Meisaroh. The Prosecution submitted that there was
neither DNA nor other objective evidence to suggest that the luggage bag in
the bedroom belonged to either of them. Rosli testified that he was absent
from the Flat when he stayed in Studio M Hotel from 3 to 6 October 2010, and
at a chalet on the night of 6 October 2010 just before the date of the arrest
on 7 October 2010. This was corroborated by evidence from Studio M Hotel
adduced by the Prosecution. Rosli also testified at trial that he did not give
the keys to the Flat to anyone, and he denied ownership of the luggage bag and
stated that he had not seen it before 7 October 2010. As for Meisaroh, she
testified at trial that she had only gone to the Flat occasionally to deliver
food to the accused or to tidy the Flat up, and had neither opened the
cupboards in the Flat nor seen the luggage bag before. Thus, the Prosecution
submitted that in light of the above, the accused who was the main occupant of
the bedroom and Flat, had in his possession the controlled drugs found in the
bedroom.

23 For the Prosecution’s case that the accused had actual knowledge of the
nature of the controlled drugs found in the luggage bag, the Prosecution
relied on the overwhelming DNA evidence. DNA of the accused was found on
several items in the luggage bag, including the interior and exterior of
plastic bags that contained controlled drugs, as well as the heat-sealer and
the exterior of several drug paraphernalia. Hair of the accused was also found
heat-sealed onto a particular plastic packet of drugs.

24 Lastly, the Prosecution submitted that the drug paraphernalia seized from
the luggage bag and the Flat (see above at [18]–[20]) was strong evidence that
the accused possessed the controlled drugs found in the luggage bag for the
purposes of trafficking. The presumption in s 17 of the MDA was also resorted
to, as the amount of diamorphine analysed and found (not less than 34.94 grams
of diamorphine) exceeded the required 2 grams of diamorphine in s 17(c) of the
MDA to trigger the presumption that the accused had possessed the controlled
drugs for the purposes of trafficking.

Accused’s credibility

25 The Prosecution also submitted that the accused had been repeatedly lying
and giving false testimony to the court, and sought to establish that the
following lies amounted to a corroboration of the accused’s guilt and lack of
credibility:

(a) The accused lied about the number of envelopes that he handed to Ahad on
the day of his arrest;

(b) The accused lied when he claimed that the sum of $3,000 that he handed to
Ahad belonged to himself;

(c) The accused lied about his movements on the day of his arrest;

(d) The accused lied when he claimed that the luggage bag did not belong to
him;

(e) The accused lied when he claimed that the maid and his mother had found a
discarded face mask in the Flat; and

(f) The accused lied and fabricated serious allegations against DSP Tan,
alleging that DSP Tan had threatened the maid with bodily harm to ensure that
she would not attend court to testify.

The accused’s case

26 In his defence during the trial, the accused flatly denied possession of
the controlled drugs in both charges, and denied that he knew the nature of
the controlled drugs or that he possessed them for the purposes of
trafficking. Broadly, he claimed that (a) the controlled drugs were planted by
someone in his car and in the Flat; (b) he was framed by CNB officers; (c) the
Prosecution’s exhibits were forged; and (d) exhibits and photographs were
tampered with.

27 The accused also apparently believed that all these were part of a ploy and
that there were “hidden messages” and a “hidden agenda” to “fix [him] up” 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

Accused’s written submissions (part 4 of 6), at pp 13–15.

by tampering with evidence and exhibits by CNB. This, he claimed, was
evidenced by the repeated appearances of the number “9” through the summation
of digits in time stamps, exhibit labels, frame numbers for negatives of
photographs, numbers in the long statements he gave, etc. which pointed to the
CNB’s OC Special Investigation Team “9”.

Controlled drugs were planted in his car and Flat

28 The accused claimed that he suspected that “someone” had planted the
‘Choices’ plastic bag in his car. In his long statement dated 12 October 2010,
the accused claimed that he suspected Hashim, someone he met the evening
before the date of his arrest, on 6 October 2010, to have planted the
controlled drugs in his car. On the fifth day of trial, he suspected that
W/SSgt Jenny or her colleagues from CNB were the ones who planted the drugs in
his car. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

Transcript dated 8 October 2013 (Day 5), at p 41: 19–20.

Later on in the trial, the accused changed his mind and stated that he no
longer believed that it was Hashim 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

Transcript dated 21 January 2016 (Day 41), at p 104: 1–13.

or CNB officers 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

Transcript dated 21 January 2016 (Day 41), at p 104: 15–18.

that planted the drugs. Instead, the accused claimed that it was a “mystery”
how the drugs appeared in the car, 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

Transcript dated 21 January 2016 (Day 41), at p 105: 25–27.

and that some unknown person could have planted the drugs in the car. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

Transcript dated 21 January 2016 (Day 41), at p 105: 7–14.

29 As for the controlled drugs found in the luggage bag that was recovered
from his bedroom, the accused claimed that W/SSgt Jenny or another CNB officer
had planted the luggage bag in his Flat. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

Transcript dated 8 October 2013 (Day 5), at p 68: 29–30.

This was allegedly done by sending a team of CNB officers to his Flat in
Commonwealth while they had his keys on 7 October 2010, while another team of
CNB officers escorted him to another flat in Eunos Crescent to “buy time” to
plant the luggage bag. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

Transcript dated 8 October 2013 (Day 5), at p 51: 6–13.

Later during the trial, the accused changed his tune and claimed that Rosli
and his friends were the ones who had planted the drugs in the luggage bag in
the Flat as Rosli knew that the accused would be leaving for Vietnam the next
day on 8 October 2010. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

Transcript dated 13 August 2014 (Day 18), at pp 43–44.

Exhibits and evidence were planted, tampered with or forged

30 As for the accused’s version of what transpired during the search of his
Flat on 7 October 2010, the accused claimed, during his cross-examination of
DSP Tan that the following pieces of evidence or exhibits were planted or
retrieved in the following manner by DSP Tan to “mislead the Court” and “get
[a] false conviction”: 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

Transcript dated 5 March 2015 (Day 32), at p 30: 6–7.

(a) DSP Tan had planted the accused’s strand of hair—which he had found in an
interview room, accused’s car or Flat (the accused apparently had a hair loss
problem) on a plastic packet of drugs (exhibit labelled B1E3D1); 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

Transcript dated 26 February 2015 (Day 30), at pp 33.

and

(b) DSP Tan had planted “extra” exhibits labelled B1A, B1B and B1C, which
consisted of two digital weighing scales; a black electrical extension socket,
two hand phone chargers, a lighter and batteries; and a roll of toilet paper
respectively. 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

Transcript dated 4 March 2015 (Day 31), at pp 28–32.

31 The accused also claimed that DSP Tan had interfered with various exhibits
before he sent them to the Health Sciences Authority for analysis:

(a) DSP was “forced to make new [exhibit] labels and photos” after planting
the three said exhibits at [30(b)];

(b) DSP Tan had interfered with exhibits during a photo-taking session; 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

Transcript dated 29 August 2014 (Day 27), at p 80: 4–6.

(c) DSP Tan and his team of CNB officers had used the saliva accumulated in
his first face mask to plant the accused’s DNA on exhibit B1E2F1 before SSgt
Sunny had swabbed the said exhibit, and this was done using the swab stick
SSgt Sunny had used at CNB HQ because the swab boxes were allegedly not
sealed; 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

Transcript dated 4 March 2015 (Day 31), at p 7.

and

(d) DSP Tan had used the saliva from the accused’s second face mask to plant
the accused’s DNA on the exhibits of DSP Tan’s choice. 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

Transcript dated 4 March 2015 (Day 31), at p 6.

(e) DSP Tan had planted the accused’s DNA on the knife and sheath that was
found in the luggage back using DNA from the accused’s used face mask, and
bottles and spoon that were apparently issued to the accused. 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

Transcript dated 4 March 2015 (Day 31), at p 4: 15–17.

32 The accused claimed that the first face mask used by him during CNB’s
photo-taking session at the Flat was thrown in the Flat, and found by the
family maid, Meisaroh and his mother on 8 October 2010. He also alleged that
the second face mask that he used was brought to CNB Headquarters, and that it
was contaminated with his saliva because he was spouting vulgarities for an
extended period of time during the photo-taking session. 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

Transcript dated 4 March 2015 (Day 31), at p 6.

33 In addition, the accused claimed that the following documents were forged
and/or altered:

(a) All his long statements, with some of the signatures on them forged;

(b) His contemporaneous statement;

(c) Police K9 utilisation form;

(d) Four pages of the police investigation diary showing the weighing of the
drugs; and

(e) The receipt of articles seized from the bedroom of the Flat.

34 Lastly, the accused also claimed that the negatives of photographs tendered
as evidence had been tampered with and that there were six missing negatives
and photographs.

Allegations against DSP Tan

35 Other than the accused’s ‘Number Nine’ theory (see above at [27]), the
accused also claimed that DSP Tan was personally motivated to frame and set
him up to cover up two instances of alleged assault on the accused by DSP Tan
and his team of CNB officers on 7 October 2010 in the CNB operational car and
at the accused’s Flat. 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

Transcript dated 5 March 2015 (Day 32), p 35: 17–22.

The accused claimed he was punched “hard on [his] left thigh” in the car in
the first instance. As for the second instance of alleged assault in the Flat,
the accused claimed that he was “slammed...down” on his right shoulder by a
CNB officer while the swivel chair he was sitting on was pulled by another,
causing him to fall to the floor in a sitting position. 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

Accused’s written submissions (part 4 of 6), at pp 6–7; Transcript dated 10
October 2013 (Day 7), at pp 79–80.

This was alleged to have taken place at about 4.30 pm on 7 October 2010,
before the photo-taking and swab session was conducted by the CNB officers in
the Flat. The accused also alleged and suggested that DSP Tan had tried to
ensure that the accused’s family maid would not attend court to testify, by
threatening her with bodily harm, as part of DSP Tan’s attempt to frame him.
40

##### Foot Note 40

×

Transcript dated 29 August 2014 (Day 27), at p 79: 31–32.

The decision of the court

The accused’s (lack of) credibility and his incredible allegations

The law on witness credibility and lies

36 In Farida Begam d/o Mohd Artham v Public Prosecutor [2001] 3 SLR(R) 592,
Yong Pung How CJ’s observation at [9] is instructive:

A judge can make a finding on the credibility of a witness based on some or
all of the following:

(a) His demeanour.

(b) The internal consistency (or lack thereof) in the content of his evidence.

(c) The external consistency (or lack thereof) between the content of his
evidence and extrinsic evidence (for example, the evidence of other witnesses,
documentary evidence or exhibits).

37 When there are minor discrepancies in the testimony of a witness, they
should not be held against the witness in assessing his credibility; human
fallibility in observation, retention and recollection is recognised and
understandable: see Jagatheesan s/o Krishnasamy v Public Prosecutor [2006] 4
SLR(R) 45 (“Jagatheesan”) at [82]; Chean Siong Guat v Public Prosecutor [1969]
2 MLJ 63 at 63–64; Ng Kwee Leong v Public Prosecutor [1998] 3 SLR(R) 281 at
[17]. Thus, a flawed witness does not equate to an untruthful witness, and the
court is perfectly entitled to accept the other parts of a witness’s testimony
which are credible and untainted by discrepancies (see Lewis Christine v
Public Prosecutor [2001] 2 SLR(R) 131 at [19]; ADF v Public Prosecutor [2010]
1 SLR 874 at [25]).

38 On the other hand, a “systematic and widespread pattern of many
inconsistencies coming together” can destroy the credibility of a witness
(Public Prosecutor v Yeow Beng Chye [2003] SGHC 74 at [27]; Jagatheesan at
[83]). In a situation where an accused person lies deliberately in relation to
a material issue, the lies may corroborate other existing evidence against the
accused. The accused may have intentionally lied, not for innocent reasons,
but because he knows that he would be linked to the crime if he is to tell the
truth. The Court of Appeal in Public Prosecutor v Ilechukwu Uchechukwu
Chukwudi [2015] SGCA 33 (“Ilechukwu”) presented the requirements laid down by
the English Court of Appeal in Regina v Lucas (Ruth) [1981] QB 720 at 724 (the
“Lucas test”) as such:

(a) The lie … is deliberate;

(b) It relates to a material issue;

(c) The motive for the lie is a realisation of guilt and a fear of the truth;
and

(d) The statement must clearly be shown to be a lie by independent evidence.

39 These requirements were accepted and applied by the Court of Appeal in
Public Prosecutor v Yeo Choon Poh [1993] 3 SLR(R) 302 at [33] and Kamrul Hasan
Abdul Quddus v Public Prosecutor [2011] SGCA 52 at [18], and recently endorsed
again in Ilechukwu at [60]. A lie (regardless whether told in or out of court)
that satisfies the above four conditions can be referred to as a Lucas lie.
The Lucas conditions apply whether or not corroboration is required or
desirable for certain forms of evidence, e.g. identification evidence,
evidence of an accomplice (which was the case in Lucas itself). Lucas lies may
amount to corroboration in all situations as any other existing forms of
evidence can always be strengthened by corroboration.

40 The operation of the Lucas conditions in situations where statutory
presumptions are triggered is no different. Lucas lies in such situations
would amount to corroboration of any other evidence against the accused,
although it may be the case that such corroboration may not be necessary to
find certain facts in the first place, given the operation of statutory
presumptions that may apply.

Inconsistencies in the accused’s evidence

41 Reverting to the present case, the internal inconsistencies and
vacillations in the accused’s evidence were numerous:

(a) The accused alleged at different times of the trial, changing his tune,
that different people had planted the drug exhibits in his car and Flat (see
above [28]–[29]);

(b) The accused repeatedly denied on the second, 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

Transcript dated 2 October 2013 (Day 2) at p 117: 26–28.

fourth, 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

Transcript dated 4 October 2013 (Day 4) at pp 94–95.

fifth 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

Transcript dated 8 October 2013 (Day 5), at pp 121–122.

and 40th day 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

Transcript dated 20 January 2016 (Day 40), at p 97: 9–26.

of trial that there were three envelopes instead of just one white envelope
that he had held and passed to Ahad on 7 October 2010, but thereafter claimed
that he had made a mistake regarding this matter and admitted that he was
carrying only one envelope containing $3,000; 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

Transcript dated 22 January 2016 (Day 42), at p 1: 7–20.

(c) The accused stated in his long statement recorded on 13 October 2010 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

Exhibit D4, at para 5.

that he had borrowed $3,000 from Ahad on 6 October 2010, and had returned the
said monies to Ahad in a white envelope on 7 October 2010, but had later
during the course of trial offered a different account that he had passed
$3,000 to Ahad for him to change the monies from $10 to $50 denominations,
purportedly for the purposes of remitting them to Vietnam; 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

Transcript dated 19 January 2016 (Day 39), at p 106.

(d) Regarding his movements on the day of his arrest, the accused initially in
his long statements dated 13 October 2010 and 14 October 2010 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

Exhibit D4, paras 13 and 28.

stated that upon his arrest, he was brought to his Flat at Commonwealth Close
first and then later to another flat at Eunos Crescent, however he repeatedly
denied this position and later claimed he was brought to Eunos Crescent first
before Commonwealth Close during trial; 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

Transcript dated 9 October 2013 (Day 6), at pp 61–62; Transcript dated 22 May
2014 (Day 13), at pp 38–39; Transcript dated 21 May 2014 (Day 12), at pp
77–78; Transcript dated (Day 26), at pp 3–4.

and

(e) In relation to the luggage bag found with controlled drugs in his Flat,
the accused stated that he was not aware of the contents of the bag in his
cautioned statement dated 8 October 2010, 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

Exhibit D5.

but thereafter the accused in his long statement dated 14 October 2010 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

Exhibit D4, para 20.

stated that the luggage bag belonged to him and claimed that it was empty at
the time he left it in the Flat; during trial, the accused then claimed that
all his long statements were forgeries and were altered 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

Transcript dated 29 August 2014 (Day 27), at p 75.

and claimed that the bag did not belong to him, was not in the Flat when he
left the Flat in the morning of 7 October 2010 and was planted by CNB
officers, Rosli, or Rosli’s friends (see above at [29]).

42 There were several major external inconsistencies between the accused’s
evidence and the extrinsic evidence as well:

(a) Testimony from CNB officers as well as CCTV footage showing the accused
holding one white envelope on the day of arrest refuted the accused’s initial
insistence that he had three and not one envelope; 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

Exhibit P351.

(b) The Prosecution adduced evidence in the form of the testimony of a tow
truck driver with relevant receipts 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

Exhibit P368; Transcript dated 21 May 2014 (Day 12), at pp 52–54.

to prove the movements of the accused on the day of his arrest. This was
consonant with what was testified by the CNB officers and in the accused’s
long statements but was contrary to what the accused was claiming during
trial;

(c) The DNA evidence was inconsistent with the accused’s insistence during
trial that the luggage bag was not his and was planted by others: DNA of the
accused was found on items in the luggage bag, including the interior and
exterior of plastic bags that contained the controlled drugs, as well as on
the heat-sealer and the exterior of several drug paraphernalia found in the
luggage bag;

(d) Contrary to what the accused had claimed, the family maid testified that
she had not seen any used face mask in the Flat; 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

Transcript dated 11 March 2014 (Day 35), at p 24: 5–6.

(e) Unlike what the accused alleged, the family maid also testified that she
was not forced to leave Singapore, had never been threatened by anyone with
any harm before she left, and had instead left Singapore for Indonesia to get
married; 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

Transcript dated 11 March 2015 (Day 35), at pp 5–6.

(f) The accused’s claims that the photographs tendered to court and their
negatives were tampered were flatly refuted by an expert forensic scientist,
Dr Alaric Koh, who testified that there were no signs of tampering based on
the examination of the negatives and that the photographs were taken from
three rolls of films and by the same camera, with the running frame numbers in
the negatives corresponding with the order of the photographs tendered to
court;

(g) Despite the accused’s allegations that there were forged signatures on his
long statements, the expert report produced by a handwriting expert engaged by
the accused (Ms Yang Chiew Yung (“Ms Yang”), a forensic scientist from the
Forensic Experts Group) did not indicate that any of the signatures or
handwritten portions of the long statements of the accused were forged;

(h) Similarly, the particulars in the police K9 utilisation form were
corroborated by the testimony from CNB officers;

(i) Lastly, against the accused’s allegations that signatures on four pages of
the police investigation diary showing the weighing of drugs and the receipt
of articles seized from the bedroom were forged, Ms Yang’s expert report did
not opine so, and instead stated that the disputed signatures on the former
belonged to the accused while the disputed signatures on the latter had
indications that they were written by the accused with the exception of one
inconclusive signature.

43 Thus, based on the accused’s widespread pattern of extensive internal and
external inconsistencies, I found the accused severely lacking in credibility.
In fact, the accused had admitted in court during cross-examination that he
had told DSP Tan a “white lie” 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

Transcript dated 21 January 2016 (Day 41), at p 115.

after he was arrested, and repeated this “white lie” during the recording of
his long statement dated 13 October 2010 to help Ahad apparently. Similarly,
the accused also admitted during cross-examination that he did not in fact see
any CNB officers contaminating the exhibits with his face mask. 58

##### Foot Note 58

×

Transcript dated 21 January 2016 (Day 41), at p 80.

In the light of this, and the fact that the accused’s allegations that he was
framed by the authorities were unsupported and were instead refuted by other
evidence, I found the accused’s “theories”, including his “Number Nine” theory
(see above at [27]), incredible and unbelievable. The discrepancies in the
accused’s testimony were of a “widespread pattern of many inconsistencies
coming together” that destroyed his credibility altogether. His discrepancies
were not “innocent” and must be distinguished from unintended mistakes in his
recollection; the accused was short on the truth, and long on embellishment
and in making spurious bare allegations. It was as if he cast a wide net of
theories that allegedly explained everything away, only for him to catch
nothing in the face of other evidence against him.

The accused’s Lucas lies

44 Out of the six lies raised by the Prosecution (see above at [25]) to have
been told by the accused, I was of the view that the first and second lies
were not Lucas lies. The first lie regarding the exact number of envelopes the
accused had handed to Ahad was inconsequential and not relating to a material
issue. The second purported lie regarding the ownership of the sum of $3,000
in the envelope handed to Ahad was not strictly proved to be a lie by
independent evidence. The Prosecution had instead invited the court to draw an
adverse inference against the accused on this matter since the accused did not
produce Ahad as his witness to testify that the said monies belonged to the
accused. 59

##### Foot Note 59

×

Prosecution’s closing submissions, at paras 147–148.

45 On the other hand, I found that the other four lies put forth by the
Prosecution were deliberate, relating to material issues regarding either the
accused’s case or the elements of the drug charges, and shown to be false by
independent evidence. The accused’s movements on the day of his arrest were
confirmed by the testimony of the tow truck driver (see above at [42(b)]); DNA
evidence was found on the items recovered from the luggage bag in the Flat
(see above at [42(c)]); the maid had testified that she did not find a
discarded face mask in the Flat (see above at [42(d)]); and the maid also
testified that she was never threatened by anyone with bodily harm before she
left Singapore (see above at [42(e)]). I was of the view that these lies were
deliberately told by the accused and motivated by the accused’s desire to
distance himself from the drugs found and to establish his “theories” that he
was framed. The lies were not made for innocent reasons. The accused’s
endeavour to distance himself as far as possible from the drug exhibits
indisputably found in his car and Flat was exaggerated to the extent they were
shown to be incredible and to be lies. As the Court of Appeal put it in
Ilechukwu at [61], there was “no acceptable explanation for the lies save for
his realisation of his guilt”. Thus, apart from the finding that the accused
was not creditworthy, the accused’s Lucas lies also amounted to corroboration
of evidence of guilt.

The elements of the drug trafficking charges were made out

46 I found that the Prosecution had proven its case beyond a reasonable doubt
and that the elements of both charges were made out. The weight of the
evidence led by the Prosecution was overwhelmingly against the accused.

47 The accused had in his possession the diamorphine recovered from both his
car and the Flat where he was the sole lessee and main occupant of the room
where the drugs were recovered from. The DNA evidence in both instances
clearly pointed to the accused’s possession of the drugs recovered. The
accused’s DNA was found on the interior and exterior of the plastic bags
containing the drug exhibits in the car and in the luggage bag in the Flat, as
well as on several drug paraphernalia in the luggage bag. For the non-capital
charge, the accused had failed to rebut the presumption of possession under s
21 of the MDA on a balance of probabilities, where any controlled drug found
in any vehicle shall be presumed, until the contrary is proved, to be in the
possession of the owner of the vehicle. The accused’s allegations that the
drugs were planted in his vehicle (by various different people that he had
accused at different points of the trial) and in his Flat were unfounded, and
were a desperate attempt to distance himself from the drugs recovered.

48 I also found that the accused had actual knowledge of the nature of the
controlled drugs recovered with regard to both charges. For the non-capital
charge, pages of the newspaper used to wrap the drugs in the ‘Choices’ plastic
bag were part of a same newspaper as the other pages found in the luggage bag
in the accused’s Flat which contained more drug exhibits. Further, the plastic
packets that were sealed and found in the ‘Choices’ plastic bag were heat-
sealed using the same heat sealer as those that were sealed and found in the
luggage bag in the Flat, and the accused’s DNA was found on the said heat-
sealer. As for the capital charge, the DNA of the accused found on the plastic
bags containing the drugs and on the drug paraphernalia in the luggage bag
established that the accused had actual knowledge of the nature of the
controlled drugs.

49 Lastly, the accused also failed to rebut the presumption in s 17(c) of the
MDA that he had possessed the controlled drugs for the purposes of trafficking
with respect to both charges. From the drug paraphernalia found in the luggage
bag that included, among others, the heat-sealer, empty plastic bags, empty
plastic sachets, I found, even without resorting to the presumption in s 17(c)
of the MDA, that the accused had possessed the drugs for the purposes of
trafficking.

50 The accused’s defence rested on “theories” and spurious allegations that
were unsupported by any convincing evidence. His Lucas lies (see above at
[41]–[45]) also amounted to corroboration of the already-strong evidence
against him. In any event, I must also add that even if the accused had not
told all the lies that he did, the scenario he painted as part of his defence
was hard to believe and unsupported by any evidence and that I would have
found that the elements of both charges were made out anyway.

Sentencing

51 After I convicted the accused, the Prosecution confirmed that the Public
Prosecutor would not issue a certificate under s 33B(2)(b) of the MDA to
certify that the accused had substantively assisted the CNB. The accused also
did not claim that he was suffering from such abnormality of mind as would
have substantially impaired his mental responsibility at the time of the
offence. The facts and evidence led showed that the accused was not a mere
courier of drugs; he had the intention and means of repacking the drugs, as
evinced from the extensive drug paraphernalia found in the luggage bag (see
above at [19]). The accused thus did not come under ss 33B(2) or 33B(3) of the
MDA, and I imposed the mandatory death penalty on the accused for the capital
charge.

52 As for the non-capital charge which involved not less than 3.56 grams of
diamorphine, I imposed an imprisonment term of six years, with effect from the
date of his remand on 9 October 2010. I noted that s 322(2) of the Criminal
Procedure Code (Cap 68, 2012 Rev Ed) (“CPC”) provides that a death sentence
must be carried out despite a pending sentence of imprisonment. I also noted
that the starting point for first-time offenders (which is broadly
proportional to the quantity of diamorphine) as laid down by Sundaresh Menon
CJ in his framework for appropriate benchmark sentences for trafficking in
diamorphine in Vasentha d/o Joseph v Public Prosecutor [2015] 5 SLR 122 at
[47] was 6–7 years’ imprisonment for 3–5 grams of diamorphine trafficked. No
caning was imposed as the accused was more than 50 years of age: s 325(1)(b)
of the CPC. The sentence of six years is on the lenient side as I did not
adjust the sentence upwards for the fact that the accused would not be liable
for caning.

53 I also ordered the exhibits to be disposed of after his appeal has been
dealt with.

54 The accused has appealed to the Court of Appeal against his conviction and
sentence.

Chan Seng Onn  
Judge

Mohamed Faizal s/o Md Abdul Kadir, Shahla Iqbal, Wong Woon Kwong, N K Anitha
and Shen Wanqin (Attorney-General’s Chambers) for the prosecution;  
Vinit Chhabra (Vinit Chhabra Partnership) (3 April–7 October 2013), Lim Swee
Tee (Lim Swee Tee & Co) (3 April–7 October 2013) for the accused;  
Joseph Tan Chin Aik (Atkins Law Corporation) (12 December 2013–22 January
2014), Ramesh Chandr Tiwary (Ramesh Tiwary) (24 January 2014–5 October 2015)
as McKenzie friend for the accused in person;  
The accused in person without any McKenzie friend after 5 October 2015.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 16 Dec 2021 (20:13 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

