Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the republic of singapore

[2016] SGHC 98

Registrar’s Appeal No 11 of 2016

Between

LIEW KAI LUNG KARL  
---  
  
… Appellant

And

CHING CHIAT KWONG  
---  
  
… Respondent

In the matter of Originating Summons (Bankruptcy) No 89 of 2015

In the matter of Sections 64 And 65 of the Bankruptcy Act (Cap. 20)

And

In the matter of an Application for a Bankruptcy Order in Case No. B 2552/2014

Between

LIEW KAI LUNG KARL  
---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

CHING CHIAT KWONG  
---  
  
… Defendant

GROUNDS OF DECISION

[Insolvency Law] — [Bankruptcy] — [Bankruptcy application disputed by debtor]

[Abuse of Process]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections to be approved by the
court and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the
law, for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Liew Kai Lung Karl

v

  

Ching Chiat Kwong

[2016] SGHC 98

High Court — Originating Summons (Bankruptcy) No 89 of 2015 (Registrar’s
Appeal No 11 of 2016)  
Edmund Leow JC  
15 February 2016

16 May 2016

Edmund Leow JC:

Introduction

1 Liew Kai Lung, Karl (“the appellant”) applied in Originating Summons
(Bankruptcy) No 89 of 2015 (“OSB 89/2015”) to dismiss the application by Ching
Chiat Kwong (“the respondent”) for a Bankruptcy Order in Case No B 2552/2014
against the Plaintiff filed on 19 December 2014 (“the Application”), or in the
alternative, to stay all proceedings on the Application for such time as it is
necessary to determine by trial whether the appellant is indebted to the
respondent. The appellant’s application was dismissed by the Assistant
Registrar (“the AR”) and he filed this Registrar’s Appeal No 11 of 2016
against the AR’s decision.

2 At the conclusion of the hearing before me, I affirmed the decision below
with costs. The appellant has filed a notice of appeal (in Civil Appeal No 21
of 2016) against my decision. I thus set out my reasons.

Factual and procedural background

3 The appellant was the director of Realm Capital Limited (“Realm Capital”),
and the respondent was the director of Ever Tycoon Limited (“Ever Tycoon”). 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

The respondent’s affidavit dated 3 December 2015, para 8

After Realm Capital failed to make payment to Ever Tycoon under certain
facility agreements 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

The appellant’s 1st affidavit dated 26 October 2015, pp 45-163

and the appellant failed to make payment to Ever Tycoon under certain personal
guarantees, 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

The appellant’s 1st affidavit dated 26 October 2015, pp 164-227

the appellant and respondent entered into the following:

(a) a deed of settlement dated 4 September 2012 (the Deed of Settlement”); 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

The appellant’s 1st affidavit dated 26 October 2015, pp 366-370

(b) a supplementary deed of settlement dated 4 March 2013; 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

The appellant’s 1st affidavit dated 26 October 2015, pp 371-374

(c) a second supplementary deed of settlement dated 3 May 2013; 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

The appellant’s 1st affidavit dated 26 October 2015, pp 375-377

and

(d) a third supplementary deed of settlement dated 16 December 2013. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

The appellant’s 1st affidavit dated 26 October 2015, pp 378-385

4 Under the Deed of Settlement, the respondent and Ever Tycoon agreed to
refrain from commencing legal proceedings against, inter alia, the appellant
till 1 March 2013 in respect of an unpaid loan of $4m. The appellant was to
repay $1.5m by 4 September 2012 and a further sum of $500,000 by 9 September
2012 (“the Settlement Payments”) in exchange. It was undisputed that the
appellant had made the Settlement Payments. Clause 1.1(ii) of the Deed of
Settlement also provided that the aggregate liabilities and obligations of,
inter alia, the appellant towards the respondent and Ever Tycoon after the
Settlement Payments would not exceed $2m; this was referred to in the Deed of
Settlement as the “Balance Principal”. Under cl 1.3 of the same deed, parties
agreed to reach an agreement regarding the reinvestment or settlement of the
Balance Principal by no later than 1 March 2013. The three supplementary deeds
(“the Supplementary Deeds”) served to extend the deadline and forbearance
period up till 1 May 2014. Under cl 2.4 of the third supplementary deed, it
was also provided that if the parties failed to reach agreement under cl 1.3,
the appellant and Realm Capital would be jointly and/or severally liable to
pay to the respondent and Ever Tycoon the Balance Principal in addition to all
accrued interest at the rate of 5% per annum from 9 September 2012 until the
date of full payment.

5 Parties failed to reach an agreement under cl 1.3; the respondent then
served a statutory demand on the plaintiff dated 14 October 2014 for a sum of
$2,209,863.01 (“the SD”) pursuant to cl 2.4 of the third supplementary deed. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

The respondent’s affidavit dated 3 December 2015, para 16

The plaintiff had attempted, unsuccessfully, to set aside the SD in
Originating Summons (Bankruptcy) No 15 of 2015 (“OSB 15/2015”) and in the
consequent Registrar’s Appeal No 89 of 2015 (“RA 89/2015”) (See Liew Kai Lung
Karl v Ching Chiat Kwong [2015] 3 SLR 1204). The main grounds relied on by the
appellant in RA 89/2015 were that the service of the SD was irregular and that
there was a dispute as to the debt owed, giving rise to a genuine triable
issue. The appellant attempted to argue that the respondent was double
claiming for the Settlement Payments, which was a genuine triable issue; Chan
Seng Onn J found the argument completely unmeritorious since it was quite
apparent that the SD was for the Balance Principal and thus a separate sum and
dismissed the appeal. The Court of Appeal in Civil Appeal No 77 of 2015 (“CA
77/2015”) agreed with Chan J and dismissed the appeal. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

CA/ORC 231/2015

The appellant failed to comply with the SD, so the respondent applied for a
Bankruptcy Order in the Application. The appellant brought OSB 89/2015 for a
dismissal or, in the alternative, a stay of the Application.

6 The appellant’s main arguments in OSB 89/2015 before the AR were first, the
facility agreements forming the foundation for the SD were never utilized and
so there were no disbursement of funds by Ever Tycoon to Realm Capital, and
second, the appellant was acting under a mistake of fact that he had executed
the personal guarantees in favour of Ever Tycoon which formed the foundation
for the SD, when he had never done so. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

The appellant’s outline submissions for OSB 89/2015 dated 6 January 2016,
paras 9 and 10

Curiously, the appellant appeared to contradict himself in his submissions by
also claiming that he was labouring under incessant moral pressure exerted by
the respondent when he executed those personal guarantees. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

The appellant’s outline submissions for OSB 89/2015 dated 6 January 2016, para
10

The appellant claimed that the personal guarantees that formed the basis of
the dispute were “contrived”. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

The appellant’s 1st affidavit dated 26 October 2015, para 57(c)

He also claimed that he was misled by his former solicitors, who were
discharged in May 2015, into believing that he had executed those personal
guarantees. The appellant also alleged that the respondent was fully aware of
the lack of disbursement under the facility agreements and the non-execution
of the personal guarantees. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

The appellant’s outline submissions for OSB 89/2015 dated 6 January 2016, para
11

The appellant implied that the Deed of Settlement and the Supplementary Deeds
were invented, 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

The appellant’s outline submissions for OSB 89/2015 dated 6 January 2016, para
13

or should be void by virtue of the respondent’s knowledge. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

The appellant’s outline submissions for OSB 89/2015 dated 6 January 2016, para
15

7 The appellant’s counsel argued that the appellant did not know and did not
understand the issues as he was unrepresented when he filed the Appellant’s
Case for CA 77/2015 in July 2015. Even when appellant’s counsel came on-board
in late September 2015, it was too late to raise those arguments, and so
benefit of the doubt should be given to the appellant. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

Transcript of hearing before the AR on 6 January 2016, p 11

8 When the AR pointed out that CA 77/2015 was heard in November 2015, and so
it was open to the appellant’s counsel to file an application for leave to
adduce further evidence, the appellant’s counsel merely responded that he was
too busy and did not have time to do so. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

Transcript of hearing before the AR on 6 January 2016, p 12

9 The AR was of the view that the issue of whether the deed was signed under
mistake was a substantive one that impinged on the validity of the SD; thus it
should have been dealt with in Originating Summons (Bankruptcy) No 15 of 2015.
Given that the Court of Appeal had already affirmed the validity of the SD in
CA 77/2015, there was no basis to dismiss the Application which was premised
on a valid statutory demand; thus she dismissed Prayer 1 of OSB 89/2015. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

Transcript of hearing before the AR on 6 January 2016, p 14: 11-15

The AR found that the documents and facts that formed the basis for the
appellant’s arguments in OSB 89/2015 were already in the appellant’s
possession by May 2015 and were in fact canvassed in the Appellant’s Case for
CA 77/2015, though those arguments were not raised at the appeal. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

Transcript of hearing before the AR on 6 January 2016, p 14:23-28

She was of the view that there was no cogent explanation as to why the
arguments that were being raised before her could not have been canvassed
before the Court of Appeal in CA 77/2015 by way of an application to adduce
new evidence. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

Transcript of hearing before the AR on 6 January 2016, p 15:2-7

She thus decided that there was no basis to exercise the discretion to stay
the Application and dismissed Prayer 2 of OSB 89/2015.

Parties’ Arguments

10 The appellant essentially repeated the same arguments that were put before
the AR at para 6 above, and also pointed out that there were at least three
major triable issues, namely: 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

The appellant’s outline submissions for RA 11/2016, para 10

(a) Whether the appellant had executed the Deed of Settlement under a
unilateral mistake of fact;

(b) Whether the respondent was aware of the fact that the appellant had
executed the Deed of Settlement under a unilateral mistake of fact; and

(c) Whether the appellant only realised his unilateral mistake of fact only
after 11 May 2015.

11 The appellant proffered the same reasons that were given to the AR at para
7 to explain why these issues could not have been raised in CA 77/2015. In
addition, the appellant also claimed that he had indicated in para 15 of
Appellant’s Case for CA 77/2015 that he would be taking out an application for
dismissal or stay of the proceedings in Case No B2552/2014. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

The appellant’s outline submissions for RA 11/2016, para 11(e)

The appellant also proffered another rather peculiar reason which made no
sense to me: that he was under the impression that his application in OSB
89/2015 was distinct from his appeal in CA 77/2015, 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

The appellant’s outline submissions for RA 11/2016, para 14

and so it could not be said that there was an abandonment of the OSB 89/2015
arguments covered in the Appellant’s Case for CA 77/2015. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

The appellant’s outline submissions for RA 11/2016, para 15

12 The respondent took the same position as in OSB 89/2015, that the SD was
valid and unimpeachable given the CA’s decision in favour of the respondents
in CA 77/2015. They argued that this was the appellant’s attempt to get a
second bite of the cherry by trying to stay the Application on grounds that
were raised at the stage of setting aside the statutory demand but abandoned
on appeal in CA 77/2015, thus constituting an abuse of process. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

The respondent’s written submissions for RA 11/2016, para 5

My decision

13 In Mohd Zain bin Abdullah v Chimbusco International Petroleum (Singapore)
Pte Ltd and another appeal [2014] 2 SLR 446 (“Chimbusco”), it was held by the
Court of Appeal that the standard for obtaining a stay or a dismissal of
bankruptcy proceedings was no more than that for resisting a summary judgment
application, ie, a debtor need only raise triable issues (at [16]-[17]).
However, the Court of Appeal was also careful to note that one could not stave
off bankruptcy proceedings merely by alleging that there is a substantial and
bona fide dispute over the debt claimed by the applicant-creditor. The court
has to take into account the protection of the interests of a meritorious
creditor and minimization of wastage of court resources.

14 I was of the view that the standard set out in Chimbusco had not been met
here. I was very doubtful that the issues raised by the appellant in this case
were genuine. It appeared incredible to me that the appellant only raised
these purportedly triable issues after having gone through the proceedings in
OSB 15/2015 and RA 89/2015, when these issues were very fundamental to whether
there is even a debt in the first place. The position up till CA 77/2015 had
always been that the debt was not disputed; the appellant’s former counsel
took that position explicitly when he was queried at the hearing of OSB
15/2015. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

Transcript of hearing before the AR in OSB 15/2015 on 30 March 2015, p 2

The appellant had also made the Settlement Payments pursuant to the Deed of
Settlement. The appellant was essentially asking me to believe that after
nearly three years, during which deeds were signed that reflected outstanding
loans under the facility agreements and were in fact admissions of the
appellant’s liability to the respondent, there had never been any monies
disbursed from Ever Tycoon and the respondent in favour of the appellant. This
was plainly unconvincing. Further, the claim that the appellant was misled by
his former solicitors, who were discharged in May 2015, into believing that he
had executed personal guarantees giving rise to the debt when he had not, was
frivolous to me. Whether or not he signed those personal guarantees was a fact
that he would be in the best position to know, not his solicitors. There was
no shred of evidence to indicate that the appellant had been misled by his
former solicitors, other than bare allegations. There was also no shred of
evidence to show that the Deed of Settlement and the Supplementary Deeds were
not genuine; it was undisputed that parties entered into the facility
agreements and personal guarantees with the benefit of legal advice. There was
also no shred of evidence that the respondent had knowledge of the appellant’s
purported mistake.

15 Merits of the appellant’s claims on the triable issue aside, given that the
issues raised in the present case effectively go to the validity of the SD,
they should have been raised before the CA in the Appellant’s Case for CA
77/2015. The AR was right to find that the appellant had in fact already
covered these identical issues in his Appellant’s Case for CA 77/2015, under
Section B of the Appellant’s Case which pinpointed issues for the appeal. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

The respondent’s affidavit dated 3 December 2015, pp 41, 45-- 47

The appellant’s claim that these points were raised only by way of “background
information” 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

The appellant’s 2nd affidavit dated 22 December 2015, para 14

was thus plainly untrue. It was undisputed that the appellant did not pursue
the arguments arising out of these issues before the Court of Appeal during
the November hearing, and also did not seek leave to adduce fresh evidence on
these issues. This decision also appeared to be a conscious one, rather than
one made because of the lack of time, judging from the appellant counsel’s
response to the AR at the hearing that had leave not been granted to adduce
new evidence, there could have been an issue of estoppel. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

Transcript of hearing before the AR on 6 January 2016, p 13:7

16 I agreed with the respondent’s submissions that the present case falls into
the situation described in The Royal Bank of Scotland NV (formerly known as
ABN Amro Bank NV) and others v TT International Ltd (nTan Corporate Advisory
Pte Ltd and others, other parties) and another appeal [2015] 5 SLR 1104 (“TT
International”) (at [101]) where a litigant seeks to “argue points which were
not previously determined by a court or tribunal because they were not brought
to the attention of the court or tribunal in the earlier proceedings even
though they ought properly to have been raised and argued then.” The Court of
Appeal in TT International noted that the “extended” doctrine of res judicata,
also known as abuse of process, would apply in such situations; absent special
circumstances, a litigant should not be permitted to argue those points in
order that there might be finality in litigation. In this aspect they also
highlighted (at [101]) Sir James Wigram V-C’s comments in Henderson v
Henderson (1843) 3 Hare 100; 67 ER 313 that this doctrine applied “not only to
points upon which the Court was actually required by the parties to form an
opinion and pronounce a judgment, but to every point which properly belonged
to the subject of litigation, and which [the] parties, exercising reasonable
diligence, might have brought forward at the time.” The Court of Appeal in TT
International (at [104]) recognized that in dealing with situations where the
extended doctrine of res judicata applies, the approach should be a flexible,
merits-based one like that described in Goh Nellie v Goh Lian Teck [2007] 1
SLR(R) 453. The court must look at all circumstances of the case, such as
whether there is fresh evidence that might warrant re-litigation or whether
there are bona fide reasons why a matter was not raised in the earlier
proceedings.

17 On the facts of the case, the triable issues that the appellant sought to
ventilate were clearly available at the time of the earlier proceedings, and
were in fact covered in the Appellant’s Case; this was not fresh evidence
warranting re-litigation. There were no bona fide reasons for not raising them
during the hearing before the Court of Appeal; the failure to apply for leave
to adduce new evidence was unjustifiable since it was not as though the
appellant’s counsel had come on-board right before the hearing. Even if that
were to be the case, if the appellant’s position was really that these issues
were genuine and should be ventilated, he should have sought an adjournment of
the Court of Appeal hearing to prepare an application for leave. As noted
earlier, the appellant’s counsel’s reason for not applying for leave was that
he was too busy and did not have time to do so. In my view, the only plausible
inference that I could draw from the handling of the matter was that the
appellant had no confidence in the merits of those triable issues and chose to
abandon them on appeal. The appellant failed to raise these issues before the
Court of Appeal in CA 77/2015 when he could have, and it would be an abuse of
process to allow him to try and raise them in the present proceedings.

Conclusion

18 There were no merits in the purportedly triable issues raised by the
appellant, and more importantly, he should not be allowed to raise them as it
would constitute an abuse of process. I therefore dismissed the appeal with
costs.

Edmund Leow  
Judicial Commissioner

Balasubramaniam Albert Selvaraja (Mohan Das Naidu & Partners) for the
appellant;  
Sim Kwan Kiat and Tan Zhi Han Eugene (Rajah & Tann Singapore LLP) for the
respondent.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:39 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

