Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the republic of singapore

[2016] SGHC 207

Originating Summonses No 816 of 2015

Between

1\. Lee Wei Ling

2\. Lee Hsien Yang

And

Attorney-General

Judgment

[Contract] — [Contractual terms]

[Copyright] — [Ownership]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections to be approved by the
court and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the
law, for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Lee Wei Ling and another

  
v

  
Attorney-General

[2016] SGHC 207

High Court — Originating Summonses No 816 of 2015  
Tay Yong Kwang JA  
14 July 2016

28 September 2016 Judgment reserved.

Tay Yong Kwang JA:

1 This Originating Summons No 816 of 2015 concerns the interpretation of an
interview agreement signed in 1983 (“the Interview Agreement”) by Lee Kuan Yew
(“LKY”), the first Prime Minister of Singapore, Wong Chooi Sen (“Wong”), the
then Secretary to the Cabinet and Mrs Lily Tan (“Tan”), the then Director of
the Archives and Oral History Department, Ministry of Culture, concerning the
tape recordings and transcripts of the interviews conducted with LKY between 8
July 1981 and 5 July 1982 (“the Transcripts”). The Transcripts are presently
in the custody of Tan Kee Yong, the current Secretary to the Cabinet (“Cabinet
Secretary”).

2 The Plaintiffs are the daughter and the younger son of LKY. As executors of
the estate of LKY (“the LKY estate”), they brought this Originating Summons
seeking the following declaratory relief in respect of the Interview Agreement
and costs of these proceedings:

(a) All rights accorded to LKY under the Interview Agreement are vested in the
LKY estate (“Declaration (a)”);

(b) The LKY estate is entitled to use, and have copies of the Transcripts
(“Declaration (b)”);

(c) There shall be no access to, supply of copies of, or use of the
Transcripts by anyone until 23 March 2020 without the express written
permission of the LKY estate (“Declaration (c)”); and

(d) The Cabinet Secretary, as custodian of the Transcripts, is under a duty to
inform the LKY estate of any request made after the death of LKY for access
to, supply of copies of, or use of the Transcripts, and of the grant of any
such request without the express written permission of the LKY estate
(“Declaration (d)”).

3 The Government, through the Attorney General, opposed the application in its
entirety on the basis that the Transcripts were protected by the Official
Secrets Act (Cap 213, 2012 Rev Ed) (“OSA”) and that the Plaintiffs did not
have the right under the Interview Agreement to demand the use and copies of
the Transcripts.

The factual background

4 The contents of the Interview Agreement are set out as follows:

I, Lee Kuan Yew, do hereby give to the Director, Archives and Oral History
Department, Ministry of Culture, and the Secretary to the Cabinet for use and
administration, on the terms and conditions hereinafter provided, the tape
recordings and transcripts of the interview conducted with me between 8 Jul
1981 – 5 Jul 1982.

2\. The use and administration of the recordings and transcripts shall be
subject to the following terms and conditions:-

(a) I retain to myself all copyright including literary property rights to the
recordings and transcripts until the year two thousand (2000) or 5 years after
my death, whichever is later, at which time all copyright including any
literary property rights in the recordings and transcripts shall vest in the
Government of Singapore;

(b) The recordings and transcripts shall be kept in the custody of the
Secretary to the Cabinet until the year two thousand (2000) or 5 years after
my death, whichever is later, when it may, at the discretion of the
Government, be handed over to the custody of the Director, Archives and Oral
History Department;

(c) There shall be no access to, supply of copies of or use of the recordings
and transcripts by anyone until the year two thousand (2000) or 5 years after
my death, whichever is later, without my express written permission, and
subject to such conditions as may be stated therein;

(d) After the year two thousand (2000) or 5 years after my death, whichever is
later, the recordings and transcripts may be made available for such research
as the Government may approve.

3\. Nothing in this agreement precludes any use I may want to make myself of
the recordings and transcripts or the information therein. In the event of the
publication by me of the transcripts of the interview all copyright including
any literary property rights in the recordings and transcripts shall,
notwithstanding the provisions of clause 2(a) of this Agreement, continue to
be retained by me even after the year two thousand (2000) or 5 years after my
death, whichever is later. In such an event the Government shall have the
right to make the recordings and transcripts available for research approved
by it and such other rights over the recordings and transcripts as I may
grant.

4\. This agreement may be revised or amended by mutual consent of the parties
thereto.

LKY signed as interviewee on 21 February 1983. Tan signed as Director,
Archives and Oral History Department on 7 March 1983 and Wong signed as
Secretary to the Cabinet on 22 February 1983.

5 The three signatories to the Interview Agreement are all deceased. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

The Government’s letter to the Court dated 13 July 2015, para 3(a) and (b)

LKY passed away on 23 March 2015. The drafter of the Interview Agreement
appeared to be the then Attorney General Tan Boon Teik who is also deceased. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

The Government’s letter to the Court dated 13 July 2015, para 3 (c)

There is thus no direct evidence available as to the circumstances and
discussions that led eventually to the Interview Agreement. Therefore, the
interpretation of the Interview Agreement has to be based on the documents in
existence at the material time insofar as they are still available now.

6 During the initial stages of this matter, there was an application by the
Plaintiffs in Summons No 5810 of 2015 to admit a further affidavit setting out
the circumstances as to how the Transcripts, then kept at 38 Oxley Road (LKY’s
home) while LKY was alive, came into the possession of the Cabinet Secretary
after LKY passed away. In my view, those details were unnecessary and quite
irrelevant to my decision on the issues before me. The details would only
serve to distract from the real issues. The real issues were the
interpretation of the Interview Agreement and whether the OSA had any bearing
on its interpretation. Accordingly, I dismissed the Plaintiffs’ application
and expunged those parts of any affidavits and other documents which set out
or referred to the same details. At the request of the solicitors for the
Plaintiffs and with the consent of the Attorney General, the time for any
application for leave to appeal against my decision as set out in this
paragraph was extended to 7 days after the release of the judgment for this
Originating Summons.

7 The relevant background facts to this case are as follows:

(a) The Transcripts were in 38 Oxley Road at the time of LKY’s death on 23
March 2015. There is no record of the circumstances under which the
Transcripts were temporarily transferred from the Cabinet Secretary to LKY
before his death. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

The Government’s letter to the Court dated 13 July 2015, para 3(e)

(b) Sometime between 23 March 2015 and 5 May 2015, a member of LKY’s family,
thinking that the Transcripts were official government documents, took the
Transcripts and handed them over to the Cabinet Secretary. This was done
without the knowledge or consent of the LKY estate.

(c) The LKY estate first became aware of the existence of the Transcripts when
it was told by the said family member on 10 May 2015 that there was an
acknowledgment of receipt of the Transcripts from the Cabinet Secretary.

(d) Sometime in late May 2015, the Second Plaintiff requested to peruse the
Transcripts.

(e) The Government agreed to this request on condition that the Second
Plaintiff do so at the Ministry of Home Affairs (“MHA”) and sign an
undertaking as to secrecy under the OSA in respect of the Transcripts before
perusal.

(f) The Second Plaintiff, on the understanding that the Transcripts were
covered by the OSA and having been told by the said family member that they
were marked “Secret”, complied accordingly and was permitted to look through
the Transcripts at the MHA.

(g) After looking through the Transcripts, the second Plaintiff realized that
the Transcripts were not marked “Secret”.

8 In response to my queries and directions made before the hearing on 14 July
2016, the Government produced a Bundle of Documents containing correspondence
between the former Attorney General Tan Boon Teik and Wong, who was also the
Secretary to LKY, regarding the drafting of the Interview Agreement (“the
Correspondence”). The Bundle of Documents also included Parliamentary Debates
suggesting the existence of a government project to record oral history for
Singapore. The Government confirmed that there were no other documents
available in its possession that would shed light on the drafting of the
Interview Agreement. The Government also confirmed that there is no express
statement in the Transcripts that it is covered by the OSA.

The Plaintiffs’ arguments

9 The Plaintiffs took the position that to the extent the OSA was found to
apply to the Transcripts, the LKY estate would comply with the OSA. However,
they argued that the issue in contention was a purely contractual one
regarding competing interpretations of certain clauses of the Interview
Agreement. In their view, the issue of the applicability of the OSA to the
Transcripts was irrelevant to the present case. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

Plaintiffs’ submissions, para 18

This was so for the following reasons: 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

Plaintiffs’ submissions, paras 15-17

(a) The Interview Agreement was entered into with the Director, Archives and
Oral History Department, Ministry of Culture and was intended to provide for
the archival, vesting of copyright, use and future publication of the
Transcripts.

(b) The Interview Agreement contained no reference, explicit or implicit, to
the OSA or other confidentiality considerations.

(c) The Interview Agreement is not itself subject to the OSA. There is nothing
that permits the importation of the OSA to vary or modify the appropriate
interpretation of contractual rights under the Interview Agreement.

(d) Section 5(1) of the OSA applies only to actual communication or use of
secret official documents. Even if the Transcripts were found to be covered by
the OSA, the contractual rights governing their use, including the LKY
estate’s right to receive and hold a copy of the Transcripts, are not and
cannot be affected by the OSA.

10 Thus, the Plaintiffs argued that assertions made by the Government
regarding the contents of the Transcripts are irrelevant, and that no finding
as to the contents of the Transcripts should be made as the Transcripts were
not placed before the court. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

Plaintiffs’ submissions, para 11(b)

11 The Plaintiffs argued that Declaration (a) should be granted as the
copyright vests in the estate of the copyright holder upon his death pursuant
to s 194(1) of the Copyright Act (Cap 63, 2006 Rev Ed) (“CA”). 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

Plaintiffs’ submissions, para 19

The language of the Interview Agreement, which includes phrases like ‘the year
2000 or 5 years after my death, whichever is later’, suggests that LKY
intended for the copyright to the Transcripts to survive LKY’s death for the
benefit of his estate. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

Plaintiffs’ submissions, para 21

In addition, while it is possible for LKY to limit the copyright such that it
would not vest in the LKY estate under s 194(3) of the CA, there is no written
limitation in this regard 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

Plaintiffs’ submissions, para 23

and thus no indication that the copyright was personal to LKY. Thus, all
references to ‘I’, ‘myself’ and ‘me’ in the Interview Agreement should be read
to mean “LKY or the LKY estate after LKY’s death”, so as to cohere with the
wording of the entire Interview Agreement. The Plaintiffs also argued that
even if the Transcripts were created as part of a government project, as
alleged by the Government, the Interview Agreement qualifies under s 197(6) of
the CA as an express agreement with the Government such that the copyright in
the work or recording would vest in the maker, contrary to s 197(1) of the CA.
10

##### Foot Note 10

×

Plaintiffs’ submissions, paras 28-29

Thus, based on copyright legislation and the clear wording of the Interview
Agreement, there is no basis for any claim that the rights therein are not
transmissible to the LKY estate, or that they are somehow personal to LKY.

12 If Declaration (a) were granted such that the copyright to the Transcripts
is recognized as having vested in the LKY estate, the Plaintiffs argued that
it follows that Declaration (b) and (c) should also be granted. The LKY estate
is entitled to use and have copies of the Transcript under Declaration (b),
since the right to make copies is the founding principle of copyright. The
Plaintiffs also relied on s 26(1) of the CA to support their argument that the
right to reproduce the work is one of the fundamental features of copyright.
11

##### Foot Note 11

×

Plaintiffs’ submissions, para 27

Since access, supply and use of copyright material are part of the exclusive
rights accorded to the copyright holder under s 26(1) of the CA, if the court
were to find that the LKY estate has the copyright to the Transcripts, then
the LKY estate should also have control over such access, supply and use in
accordance with the terms of cl 2(c) of the Interview Agreement.

13 Finally, the Plaintiffs argued that Declaration (d) should be granted as
“the Government has a contractual duty to uphold its obligations under the
Interview Agreement.” 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

Plaintiffs’ submissions, para 32

The Plaintiffs took the position that the Government’s obligations are two-
fold under the Interview Agreement – firstly the Government has to inform the
LKY estate of any request for copies and/or access to the Transcripts, and
secondly, the Government also has to inform the LKY estate whether it has
granted access or copies without the express permission of the LKY estate. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

Plaintiffs’ submissions, para 33

This was because the Cabinet Secretary had custody of the transcripts, so only
he would be in a position to receive and act on requests for access or copies.
If he were not under an obligation to notify the LKY estate of such requests,
the LKY estate would be “deprived of its ability to grant or withhold its
written permission”, and would essentially be deprived of its ability to
exercise one of its exclusive rights as copyright holder. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

Plaintiffs’ submissions, para 34

The Plaintiffs also pointed out that this obligation was in line with s 198(4)
of the CA, which imposes a statutory duty on the Government to inform the
owner of the copyright when any infringing acts are done for the service of
the Government under s 198(1) of the CA. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

Plaintiffs’ submissions, para 37

14 In relation to the contents of the Government’s Bundle of Documents, the
Plaintiffs argued that the correspondence between the then Attorney General
and the Secretary to the Prime Minister showed that LKY, who was the Prime
Minister at the material time, was seeking a more comprehensive set of
restrictions under the Interview Agreement in a personal capacity. There were
no OSA considerations as the OSA was not mentioned in any of the documents.
They took the position that LKY was willing to be interviewed only if there
were safeguards against anyone quoting him out of context years down the road.
They conceded that the correspondence indicated that the political sensitivity
of the Transcripts was a consideration, 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

DBD, p 5

but even then it was not related to the OSA. The contents of a memorandum in
February 1983 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

DBD, p 53

from the Wong to Tan also suggested that some parts of the interview with LKY
were of a personal nature. Further, the Plaintiffs also pointed out that the
Parliamentary Debates did not include any discussion regarding the OSA.

The Government’s arguments

15 The Government’s general position was that the Transcripts were produced as
part of a government project to record the oral history of LKY, as evidenced
from the excerpts of the Parliamentary Debates in the Government’s Bundle of
Documents. Due to the political sensitivity of the Transcript’s contents, it
was LKY’s intention that that there would be a five year moratorium after
LKY’s death over the use of the Transcripts, which contained his “personal and
unvarnished accounts of important events and affairs of State in Singapore’s
history”, such that there would be no copy or use of the Transcripts without
prior written permission from LKY. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

Defendant’s submissions, para 1

The Government did not intend to use the Transcripts during this five year
period.

Applicability of the OSA

16 The Government’s position was diametrically opposed to the Plaintiffs
regarding the applicability of the OSA to the Transcripts – it took the
position that the applicability of the OSA was relevant to the present case as
it would affect the contractual interpretation of the Interview Agreement. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

Defendant’s submissions, para 2

In respect of this issue, the Government argued that s 5(1)(e) of the OSA was
applicable to the Transcripts by operation of law and no express reference to
the OSA in the Interview Agreement was required. The Government relied on the
comments of the High Court in Elbow Holdings Pte Ltd v Marina Bay Sands Pte
Ltd [2014] SGHC 26 (“Elbow Holdings”) that “under s 5(1)(e), the OSA applies
to any document or information which a person has obtained owing to his
position as someone who holds or has held a contract made on behalf of the
Government or any specified organisation. There is no requirement that the
document or information has to be of a confidential (let alone secret)
nature.” 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

Defendant’s submissions, para 17

The Government thus argued that the Transcripts are covered by the OSA for the
following reasons: 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

Defendant’s submissions, paras 18-24

(a) The Transcripts were created as part of a government project to record the
oral history and was not a personal enterprise by LKY to record his memoirs
for his own benefit.

(b) The information contained in the Transcripts was acquired through LKY’s
capacity as Prime Minister, in the service of the Government. In addition,
much of that information is very politically sensitive as it records his
candid and unvarnished personal insights into events in pre-independence
Singapore and also his account of state affairs that were experienced by him
as Prime Minister. The politically sensitive nature of the Transcripts was
reinforced in the Correspondence – in one letter to the then Attorney-General,
the Secretary to the Prime Minister emphasized that “the difference between
the tapes/transcripts retained by the Oral History Unit and those by the
Cabinet Office is their political sensitivity”. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

DBD 24

Moreover, even if the information were not confidential, the OSA should and
would apply as this was information that LKY had “obtained owing to his
position as Prime Minister”.

(c) The “construction of a strict system of controls concerning the use of,
access to and supply of copies of the recordings and the Transcripts” in the
Interview Agreement point to the fact that the Transcripts are covered by the
OSA.

(d) When one considers the position immediately after the creation of the
Transcripts, which was that the Prime Minister of Singapore had documented his
unvarnished accounts of important affairs of State, the inference would be
that the Transcripts are covered by the OSA such that any copying or
disclosure of the document without the Government’s authorisation must attract
sanctions. Accordingly, if the Transcripts have not been declassified by the
Government, then they must still be covered by the OSA today.

17 By virtue of the Transcripts being covered by the OSA, the Government
argued that even LKY himself did not have “an unqualified legal right to
compel the Government to give him a copy” of the Transcripts. He also could
not divulge the contents of the Transcripts to another person without the
Government’s authorisation. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

Defendant’s submissions, paras 21, 23

By extension, contrary to Declarations (b) and (c) that are sought by the
Plaintiffs, the LKY estate would not have the right to demand copies, or to
grant the access, use of or supply of copies of the Transcripts without the
Government’s authorisation.

Contractual interpretation of the Interview Agreement

18 In relation to the contractual interpretation of the Interview Agreement,
the Government argued that the wording of the Interview Agreement indicates
that this was no “ordinary commercial copyright agreement where LKY sought to
secure a personal benefit for himself”. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

Defendant’s submissions, para 4(b)

For instance, the Interview Agreement provided for the custody of the
Transcripts to be with the Cabinet Secretary, which was contrary to the usual
case where custody of the copyright material would follow the copyright
holder. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

Defendant’s submissions, para 4(c)(ii)

Further, even after the copyright vests in the Government, there are
restrictions placed on the Government’s exercise of this copyright – the
Government may only make the Transcripts available for research purposes. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

Defendant’s submissions, para 4(c)(iv)

Therefore, the Interview Agreement was not an ordinary commercial contract and
LKY did not intend for the rights that he reserved for himself in the
Interview Agreement to devolve to his estate. The wording of the Interview
Agreement also did not provide that “LKY would have the unfettered right to
use and have copies of the Transcripts” and it follows that his estate would
not have such a right either. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

Defendant’s submissions, paras 23, 31

Thus, contrary to Declarations (b) and (c) sought by the Plaintiffs, cl 2(c)
of the Interview Agreement should be interpreted to mean that “LKY’s personal
express written permission had to be obtained first before access to, supply
of copies, or use of the Transcripts could be granted to a person” (emphasis
added). 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

Defendant’s submissions, para 31

19 The Government also submitted that the court should take a contextual
approach to the interpretation of the Interview Agreement, similar to that
adopted in Zurich Insurance (Singapore) Pte Ltd v B-Gold Interior Design &
Construction Pte Ltd [2008] SGCA 27 (“Zurich Insurance”), in identifying and
giving effect to the parties’ intention which is objectively ascertained. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

Defendant’s submissions, para 34

In doing so, the Government submitted that the following are relevant
considerations: 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

Defendant’s submissions, paras 35-39

(a) The fact that the Transcripts are protected by the OSA, the basis of which
had been discussed above (at [16]).

(b) That the Interview Agreement is not an ordinary commercial copyright
agreement.

(c) The fact that LKY intended to create a “two-key” system, beyond just
safekeeping the Transcripts, to “formally bifurcate copyright ownership and
physical possession of the Transcripts” via cl 2(b) of the Interview
Agreement, such that the Transcripts could not be easily used or exploited by
either the copyright holder or the Government. Otherwise, the parties could
simply have provided for the Transcripts to be locked up by the copyright
holder by default, instead of providing that the Transcripts be kept in the
custody of a senior Government office-holder.

20 The Government argued that the most coherent explanation for cll 2(a), 2(b)
and 2(d) of the Interview Agreement is that LKY had sought to safeguard the
confidentiality of the Transcripts through the imposition of various
restrictions. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

Defendant’s submissions, para 39

Clause 2(a) prevents the Government from exploiting what would otherwise be a
government document, while cl 2(b) prevents any subsequent copyright holder
from publishing or using the Transcripts at will. This should guide the
construction of cl 2(c), such that the rights stated therein should be read as
being personal to only LKY and to the exclusion of his estate. Since LKY did
not grant “express written permission” for the Plaintiffs to have any of the
rights mentioned in cl 2(c), the Plaintiffs cannot be granted Declarations (b)
and (c) without offending LKY’s original intent.

21 The Government pointed out that the Plaintiffs’ construction of cl 2(c)
would render it “effectively redundant” because if LKY had intended for his
estate to inherit the right to grant permission for access, use or supply of
copies of the Transcript, it would have been covered by operation of cl 2(a).
Under that construction, cl 2(c) “would be a mere reiteration of what [cl
2(a)] already provides, save as to add that such permission be “express” and
“written””. 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

Defendant’s submissions, para 41

Thus, the Government submitted, the more satisfactory construction of cl 2(c)
is that the rights contained therein are exclusive to LKY.

22 The Government argued that in the alternative, even if the court does not
adopt its construction of cl 2(c), there are still good reasons for the court
to imply a term that the rights in cl 2(c) did not devolve to the LKY estate.
33

##### Foot Note 33

×

Defendant’s submissions, para 44

One could analyse the Interview Agreement as part of a class of contracts
known as “personal contracts”, such that where “contractual rights are based
on personal considerations related to the individual identity of the
contracting party, they do not devolve on the personal representatives, but
extinguish on the death of the contracting party”. 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

Defendant’s submissions, para 44

The Government submitted that if its construction of cl 2(c) is not accepted,
“the Interview Agreement must be recognised as being silent” on what happens
to LKY’s rights under cl 2(c) after his death. In that situation, to give
efficacy to the intention of the contracting parties, it would be necessary to
imply a term to address this gap with respect to his ‘second key’ in the five
year period after his death. Taking into consideration all the circumstances
surrounding the creation of the Transcripts, the Government submitted that
“parties would have responded “Oh, of course!” if asked to confirm that LKY’s
right to give permission to use, access and supply copies of the Transcripts,
did not pass on to his estate.” 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

Defendant’s submissions, para 46(d)

This is because LKY would not be able to know at the time of contracting who
the eventual executors of his estate would be and given the highly sensitive
nature of the Transcripts’ contents, he could not have intended that an
unknown third party, with unknown political acumen, could acquire his rights
in the Transcripts under cl 2(c).

23 Specifically, regarding the Plaintiff’s asserted right to obtain a copy of
the Transcripts, the Government took the position the LKY estate does not have
such a right. This was because the retention of copyright to LKY under cl 2(a)
was for a special purpose and different from the “usual commercial
exploitative reasons”, evidenced by the separation of possession of the
copyrighted material from the copyright holder, unlike the usual scenario
where the copyright holder retains physical possession. The Government sought
to draw a distinction between the ownership of the copyright in the
Transcripts and ownership of the tangible medium in which they were expressed,
relying on the High Court’s decision in Lee Kien Meng v Cintamani Frank [2015]
SGHC 109, by submitting that while LKY retained ownership of the copyright,
the physical custody of the tape recordings and Transcripts produced therefrom
remained with the Government under the terms of the Interview Agreement.

The Court’s decision

24 I agree with the Government that the applicability of the OSA is a relevant
issue and that the OSA is applicable to the Interview Agreement. I also agree
with the Government’s interpretation of cll 2(a) and (c) of the Interview
Agreement, which were the clauses in dispute.

25 In coming to my conclusion, the Correspondence, which was produced only on
the day before the hearing, was helpful in revealing what LKY’s intent was in
the Interview Agreement.

Applicability of the OSA

26 I do not agree with the Plaintiffs’ argument that because the Interview
Agreement contained no explicit or implicit reference to the OSA or other
confidentiality considerations, the issue of whether the Transcripts fall
within the OSA becomes irrelevant. The OSA as a statute operates by law and
needs no explicit reference. In this regard, I accept the Government’s
arguments above at [16] citing the High Court’s comments in Elbow Holdings at
[48], that s 5(1)(e) of the OSA would apply to any document or information
which a person has obtained owing to his position as someone who holds a
contract made on behalf of the Government, regardless of whether it was
confidential. Where s 5(1)(e) applies, it would restrict anyone in possession
or control of the Transcripts from dealing with the Transcripts without
Government authorization. The Transcripts, which recorded LKY’s observations
gleaned from his time as the Prime Minister, could come within this category
of protected information. Thus, the applicability of the OSA to the
Transcripts is a relevant issue in interpreting the Interview Agreement,
which, in restricting certain dealings with the Transcripts, engages some of
the concerns underlying s 5(1)(e) of the OSA. The Interview Agreement cannot
be interpreted based solely on contractual principles applicable to a normal
copyright assignment.

27 Do the Transcripts come within the purview of the OSA? Although the
Transcripts were not placed before me, having reviewed the Correspondence and
the Parliamentary Debates contained in the Government’s Bundle of Documents, I
am of the view that they do.

28 The purpose of creating the Transcripts could be discerned from the
Parliamentary Debates during that time. S. Dhanabalan, Minister for Culture,
at the February 1981 sitting of the Parliament, stated as follows: 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

Singapore Parliamentary Debates, Official Report (3 February 1981) vol 40 at
col 50

An Oral History Programme, capturing the people’s memories of important past
events on tape recordings, is underway. The Unit has started two recording
projects, namely Political Development of Singapore 1945-65 and The Pioneers
of Singapore.

29 In fact, LKY, as Prime Minister, said in Parliament that the oral history
project “was the result of a discussion [he] had with the First Deputy Prime
Minister.” 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

Singapore Parliamentary Debates, Official Report (25 March 1981) vol 40 at col
1202

The Oral History Programme was given further elaboration by Mr Chai Chong Yii,
the Senior Minister of State for Culture: 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

Singapore Parliamentary Debates, Official Report (6 March 1981) vol 40 at cols
311-312

The aim of the Oral History Programme is to record the experiences of key
persons involved in events of historical, political and social significance,
particularly during the post-war years. These recordings will contain first-
hand information on important events. The Unit is conducting and recording
interviews on its first two projects: (i) Pioneers of Singapore; and (ii)
Political Developments in Singapore, 1945-1965. The interviewees for the
Pioneers of Singapore project are successful businessmen who have contributed
to the economic and social development of Singapore. Eighteen persons have
been interviewed for the Pioneers of Singapore project and 17 for Political
Developments in Singapore 1945-1965.

[…]

The Department of Archives and Oral History will catalogue and index all tapes
and transcripts. These materials will be part of the national archival
collections and may be referred to by researchers, civil servants, teachers,
students, broadcasters and members of the public, subject to conditions, if
any, laid down by the interviewees.

30 In my view, the excerpts above support the Government’s position that the
Transcripts were not created as a personal enterprise by LKY to record his
observations for his own benefit. Instead, they were one of a series of
similar recordings that were created as part of the Government’s project to
document the history of Singapore, then a city-state with shallow historical
roots.

31 The Correspondence, spanning the period from 6 July 1982 to 2 February
1983, also shed light on the nature of the Transcripts and the purpose of the
Interview Agreement. It confirmed the existence of other similar tapes and
transcripts of interviews with other key appointment holders. In the first of
the letters exchanged, LKY directed through Wong that drafts for the Interview
Agreement were to be prepared by the Attorney General with reference to
foreign precedents, as he found the drafts in existence “scanty and inadequate
and contain[ing] many loopholes and problems.” He further commented that “the
drafts may be all right for the average interviewees but they will not do for
key participants”. 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

DBD 5

To me, this letter and the ones that followed indicate that LKY was acting in
his capacity as Prime Minister by asking the Attorney General, as the
Government’s chief legal counsel, to draft the Interview Agreement in line
with his directions. The tone of the Correspondence was not that of
negotiations between the Government’s chief legal counsel and a private
individual. I therefore do not accept the Plaintiffs’ assertion that LKY was
acting as a counter-party in negotiations with the Government.

32 I accept the Government’s argument that the politically sensitive nature of
the Transcripts was reinforced in the Correspondence. LKY, again through Wong,
emphasized that “the difference between the tapes/transcripts retained by the
Oral History Unit and those by the Cabinet Office is their political
sensitivity” 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

DBD 24

and he sought the Attorney General’s suggestions as to how to safeguard the
politically sensitive ones. In response, the Attorney General advised that
“the agreement should be between the Cabinet Secretary and Director, Archives
& Oral History Department on the one hand and the person interviewed on the
other in respect of the six politically sensitive tapes… the rest of the tapes
that are in the custody of the Director, Archives & Oral History Department,
the agreement should be between the Director, Archives & Oral History
Department and the person interviewed.” 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

DBD 26

The Correspondence suggested that the politically sensitive tapes and
transcripts should be kept by the Cabinet Secretary while the non-sensitive
ones should be kept by the Director, Archives & Oral History Department. The
fact that the Interview Agreement provided that the Transcripts were to be
kept in the custody of the Cabinet Secretary and the fact that it was signed
by three parties - LKY, Wong and Tan - thus lend support to the Government’s
claim that the Transcripts dealt with politically sensitive matters. The
politically sensitive contents of the Transcripts would explain why LKY wished
to safeguard the confidentiality of the Transcripts and this justifies the
Government’s characterisation of the Interview Agreement as one that was
intended to prevent the exploitation of the Transcripts via a “two-key”
system.

33 Having discerned the purpose and the nature of the Transcripts, I am of the
view that the Transcript comes within the purview of OSA. While the contents
of the Transcripts have not been revealed in court, it is not difficult to see
why revealing the said contents would be self-defeating.

34 I accept the Government’s argument that even LKY himself did not have “an
unqualified legal right to compel the Government to give him a copy” of the
Transcripts. 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

Defendant’s submissions, paras 21, 23

Flowing from this conclusion, I see no basis for Declarations (b) and (c),
even if the Plaintiffs can establish their copyright to the Transcripts. I
will elaborate further below.

Construction of the Interview Agreement

35 I now turn to examine the contractual interpretation of the Interview
Agreement, bearing the OSA in mind. The contextual approach to contractual
interpretation set out in Zurich Insurance seeks to discern from an objective
viewpoint what the parties ultimately agreed upon.

36 The first point of enquiry for contractual interpretation is the text of
the contract. In Singapore, copyright is currently governed by the CA. At the
time of the Interview Agreement, the legislation in force was the United
Kingdom Copyright Act 1911, also known as the Copyright Act 1911, which was
inherited from Singapore’s colonial days. The wording of cl 2(a) of the
Interview Agreement was explicit that LKY reserved the copyright of the
Transcripts to himself “until 2000 or 5 years after [his] death, whichever is
later”, and thus altered the default position under s 18 of the Copyright Act
1911, mirrored by s 197(1) of the current CA, which had the copyright of the
Transcripts vested in the Government. Section 5(1) of the Copyright Act 1911,
which indicates the transmissibility of copyright, read together with s 10(1)
of the Civil Law Act (Cap 43, 1999 Rev Ed), which allows all causes of action
vested in a deceased to survive for the benefit of his estate, suggest that
LKY’s copyright would survive for the benefit of his estate. The words “until
2000 or 5 years after [his] death, whichever is later” appear to be consistent
with the reading that LKY’s copyright would survive him and that it was not
merely a personal right, contrary to the Government’s arguments. Implicit in
the Government’s argument at [19(c)] above of a “two-key” system, where
copyright ownership and physical possession of the Transcripts are separated,
has to be the acknowledgement that the copyright is vested in someone other
than the Government.

37 The drafting history of the Interview Agreement unfortunately does not
assist in the interpretation of the Interview Agreement. In the drafts of the
Interview Agreement in the Correspondence, the phrase “until the year two
thousand (2000) or 5 years after my death, whichever is later” was absent.
Instead, the drafts merely stated “until the year two thousand (2000) or after
my death whichever is later”. The insertion of “5 years” was the basis for the
Plaintiffs’ argument that it was clearly envisaged that someone would exercise
the rights in the Interview Agreement in the 5-year period after LKY’s death.
However, the Correspondence does not indicate who inserted the phrase “5
years” or when and why it was inserted. Neither party before me was able to
shed light on the reason for the insertion.

38 Based on a plain reading of the Interview Agreement, I agree with the
Plaintiffs’ interpretation of cl 2(a) that the LKY estate inherited the
copyright to the Transcripts for the 5-year period after LKY’s death. However,
this copyright is a limited one and does not entitle the Plaintiffs to
Declarations (a), (b) and (c).

Right to grant access, supply of copies of or use of the Transcripts

39 The justification for declining the Plaintiffs’ application for
Declarations (a) and (c) is three-fold.

40 Firstly, given my finding above that the OSA applies to the Transcripts,
the LKY estate cannot grant access, supply of copies of or use of the
Transcripts without the Government’s authorisation; otherwise, it would run
afoul of s 5(1)(i) of the OSA and commit an offence. Viewed in that light, the
contractual rights that accrue to the LKY estate under the Interview Agreement
are curtailed by the OSA.

41 Secondly, as a matter of construction of the Interview Agreement, I accept
the Government’s argument that if LKY had intended his estate to inherit the
right to grant express permission for access, use or supply of copies of the
Transcript, it would have been covered by operation of cl 2(a) which was a
generic clause that had the effect of reserving the copyright of the
Transcripts to the LKY estate. Clause 2(c) under the Plaintiff’s construction
would be a mere reiteration of what cl 2(a) already provides, save as to add
that such permission be “express” and “written”. It is a canon of construction
that in construing a contract, all parts of it must be given effect where
possible, with no part treated as inoperative or redundant (see Sir Kim
Lewiston, The Interpretation of Contracts (Thomson Reuters, 6th Ed, 2015) at
para 7.03). Thus, between competing interpretations, one that gives effect to
all the clauses and does not leave a part of the agreement superfluous is
preferred. The Government’s interpretation of cl 2(c) is to be preferred for
this reason.

42 Thirdly, it is doubtful that it was LKY’s intention to allow his estate the
right to “grant access, supply copies of or use of the Transcripts” under cl
2(c). Looking at the Correspondence as part of the background to the Interview
Agreement, it appears that the right in cl 2(c) was intended to be personal to
LKY; there was no contemplation of the LKY estate being involved with the
Transcripts, for the following reasons:

(a) The Correspondence made no mention of LKY’s estate or family. The
Plaintiffs confirmed at the hearing that there was no known will of LKY in
existence before the 1990s and certainly not at the time of the Interview
Agreement in 1983. Under the circumstances, and given LKY’s obvious concern as
Prime Minister about the confidentiality of the Transcripts contents as shown
in the Correspondence, it is unreasonable to believe that LKY intended that
some unknown person in the future after his death would be able to exercise
his right in cl 2(c) with the power to grant access or use of the Transcripts.
This is even more so when one contemplates the possibility that if LKY’s
executor were to pass away in the period provided in the Interview Agreement,
the executor’s heir, possibly a third party unknown to LKY, might gain control
of the Transcripts and the information therein.

(b) The LKY estate did not even know about the existence of the Transcripts
until it was notified by a letter from the Cabinet Secretary acknowledging
receipt of the Transcripts.

(c) The LKY estate was not given a copy of the Transcripts. Under the terms of
the Interview Agreement, there was no other copy of the Transcripts mentioned
other than the copy to be kept with the Cabinet Secretary.

43 Copyright is essentially a bundle of separate and divisible rights relating
to certain works. The copyright owner is able to assign or license his
copyright and impose conditions. He is also able to assign the copyright in
parts and to different individuals or entities. The corollary of that is that
different persons may be the legal owners of the separate acts and classes of
acts conferred by copyright. While it may appear inimical to the usual concept
of copyright to deny the Plaintiffs the contents of Declaration (c) despite
acknowledging their copyright in the Transcripts, it is not a matter of course
that a copyright holder would possess all the exclusive rights associated with
the copyright of a work. As pointed out by the learned author of Susanna
Leong, Intellectual Property of Singapore (Academy Publishing, 2013) (“Susanna
Leong”) at para 8.004:

… not every copyright work or “subject matter other than works” enjoys the
same or all of the exclusive rights associated with it.

[…]

When considering the issue of exploitation of rights or infringement, it is
necessary to look at the particular work or “subject-matter other than work”.

[emphasis in original in italics; emphasis added in bold italics]

44 Flowing from the comments in Susanna Leong, it is important to examine the
copyright for this particular set of Transcripts, having regard to the
overarching purpose of the Transcripts. Since the LKY estate is not the
original copyright holder of the Transcripts, the bundle of rights that vests
in the estate is subject to limitations that LKY would have imposed. In the
light of the reasons I have given above, the preferred construction of cl 2(c)
ought to be that the rights contained therein were exclusive to LKY. In other
words, the copyright that vested in the LKY estate does not include the right
to grant access, supply of copies of or use of the Transcripts. It is thus not
true that all rights of LKY under the Interview Agreement have vested in his
estate, as claimed under Declaration (a).

Right to have copies of the Transcripts

45 I now consider the rights sought in Declaration (b). The reasons for
declining to grant Declaration (c), discussed in the preceding section, are
applicable here as well. Further, there is no other copy of the Transcripts in
existence, as far as the parties are aware. There was apparently no written
permission given by LKY before his death for the Plaintiffs to have copies of
the Transcripts. The Interview Agreement also makes no mention of LKY having
the right to keep a copy of the Transcripts although they were in his home at
the time of his death. The parties were not able to tell me how or when the
Transcripts were brought to LKY’s home. However, the fact that the Transcripts
were specified to be kept by the Cabinet Secretary, instead of by LKY,
indicates that the Interview Agreement was not the usual copyright agreement.
Considering this and my finding that the rights in cl 2(c) are personal to LKY
and do not vest in the LKY estate, the Plaintiffs would not be able to grant
themselves the right to use or possess a copy of the Transcripts either.

46 I also accept the Government’s argument that the effect of cl 2(b) of the
Interview Agreement separating custody of the Transcripts from the copyright
holder was that even the copyright holder could not exploit the Transcripts
easily. This would prevent the subsequent copyright holder from dealing with
or publishing the Transcripts at will without the Government’s approval or
without it being satisfied that the said person had express written permission
from LKY. Viewed in that light, to grant the Plaintiffs Declaration (b) would
be to go against the intention elicited from the Interview Agreement.

Nature of the LKY estate’s copyright

47 My findings above result in the LKY estate obtaining the copyright to the
Transcripts but without the right to possess or to grant access, use or supply
of the Transcripts. What then would be the rights that remain with the LKY
estate under cl 2(a)?

48 In my view, this copyright was vested in the LKY estate only for the
limited purpose of safeguarding the confidentiality of the Transcripts, i.e.,
ensuring that the Government abides by the Interview Agreement. Since no one
thus far appeared to have been given express written permission by LKY to deal
with the Transcripts, the five year moratorium as argued by the Government
would result. This is in line with LKY’s undisputed intent not to have his
politically sensitive comments quoted after his death.

49 The LKY estate would have the right to prevent any exploitation of the
Transcripts, whether by the Government or anyone else, that contravenes the
terms of the Interview Agreement. However, I am confident that this Government
will act in good faith in relation to the Transcripts and abide by the
Interview Agreement. I think that if the Government were to make use of the
information in the Transcripts in contravention of the Interview Agreement
during the five-year moratorium period, it would be quite apparent as the
Government would inevitably have to attribute any of LKY’s comments to their
source. In such a case, the LKY estate would be able to enforce its copyright
by way of an injunction if necessary.

50 The Government acknowledged in the course of the hearing that there was a
technical breach of cl 2(c) of the Interview Agreement when it allowed the
Second Plaintiff to go through the Transcripts at the MHA. This is because
under cl 2(c), only LKY could have given the express written permission
required. However, I accept the explanation that it was done because of the
request made by the LKY estate, and, as mentioned before, the executors are
LKY’s daughter and younger son. The technical breach was therefore minor and
does not change my belief that this Government will act honourably and in
accordance with the spirit of the Interview Agreement.

51 Although it appeared that no one had been given permission under cl 2(c),
it would also be proper for the Government to inform the solicitors for the
LKY estate whether LKY had, during his lifetime, given express written
permission to anyone for access to, supply of copies of or use of the
Transcripts and if such permission had been given, to provide evidence of the
express written permission to the solicitors for the LKY estate. This is to be
done within 2 weeks from the date of this judgment unless the Government
requests a longer period for compliance.

Conclusion

52 Accordingly, I dismiss the Plaintiff’s application for the declarations set
out in [2] above. Instead, I make the following declaration and order:

(a) The LKY estate has the copyright to the Transcripts but only for the
purpose of ensuring the Government’s compliance with the terms of the
Interview Agreement.

(b) The Transcripts are to remain in the custody of the Cabinet Secretary
according to the terms of cl 2(b) of the Interview Agreement.

(c) In relation to cl 2(c), the Government is to inform the solicitors for the
LKY estate whether LKY had, during his lifetime, given express written
permission to anyone for access to, supply of copies of or use of the
Transcripts and if such permission had been given, to provide evidence of the
express written permission to the solicitors for the LKY estate. This is to be
done within 2 weeks from the date of this judgment unless the Government
requests a longer period for compliance.

53 As requested, I reserve my decision on costs of these proceedings as the
parties wish to make submissions on costs only after the outcome is known. The
Plaintiffs are to file and serve their written submissions on costs of the
entire proceedings within 2 weeks of this judgment. The Government is to file
and serve its response within 1 week thereafter. I will give my decision on
costs based on the written submissions unless there is reason why oral
arguments should be heard.

Tay Yong Kwang

Judge of Appeal

Lee Eng Beng, SC, Paul Tan, Chew Xiang (Rajah & Tann LLP) for the plaintiffs;  
Hui Choon Kuen, Koo Zhi Xuan, Germaine Boey (Attorney-General’s Chambers) for
the defendant.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 3: 27 Oct 2020 (22:40 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

