Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the republic of singapore

[2016] SGHC 195

Originating Summons No 914 of 2016 (Ex Parte)

In the matter of Section 80 of the Supreme Court of Judicature Act (Cap 322,
2007 Rev Ed)

And

In the matter of Order 92, Rule 4 of the Rules of Court (Cap 332, R 5, 2014
Rev Ed)

And

In the matter of Hanjin Shipping Co Ltd

Taisoo Suk (As foreign representative of Hanjin Shipping Co Ltd)

… Applicant

grounds of decision

[Insolvency Law] — [Cross-border insolvency] — [Recognition of foreign
insolvency proceedings] — [Whether Singapore court should recognise Korean
rehabilitation proceedings and grant restraint and stay orders in assistance
of those proceedings]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Re Taisoo Suk (as foreign representative of Hanjin Shipping Co Ltd)

  

[2016] SGHC 195

High Court — Originating Summons No 914 of 2016  
Aedit Abdullah JC  
9 September 2016

14 September 2016

Aedit Abdullah JC:

Introduction

1 On Friday 9 September 2016, an urgent ex parte application was made by Mr
Taisoo Suk (“the Applicant”), the foreign representative of Hanjin Shipping Co
Ltd (“Hanjin”), a company incorporated in the Republic of Korea (“Korea”). The
applicant sought interim orders for, inter alia, recognition of Hanjin’s
rehabilitation proceedings in Korea, restraint of all pending, contingent or
fresh proceedings against Hanjin and its Singapore subsidiaries or any
enforcement or execution against any of their assets, and stay of all present
proceedings against Hanjin and its Singapore subsidiaries, until 25 January
2017. The application was made pursuant to Order 92, Rule 4 of the Rules of
Court (Cap 332, R 5, 2014 Rev Ed) (“O 92 r 4”), which states as follows:

For the avoidance of doubt it is hereby declared that nothing in these Rules
shall be deemed to limit or affect the inherent powers of the Court to make
any order as may be necessary to prevent injustice or to prevent an abuse of
the process of the Court.

2 On the direction of the Court and in fulfilment of his duties, Counsel for
the Applicant informed various interested parties of the hearing which took
place in the afternoon of 9 September 2016. Those present at the hearing were
Counsel for the plaintiffs in a prior arrest of a vessel of the Hanjin fleet,
the Hanjin Rome (ADM 178 of 2016); Counsel for parties in various pending
admiralty matters involving other vessels of the Hanjin fleet; Counsel for PSA
Corporation Ltd; and Counsel for the Maritime Port Authority. At the time of
the hearing, they had not obtained instructions on the application.

3 After considering the submissions of Counsel for Hanjin, as well as the
facts and circumstances, I granted the orders sought. These brief grounds of
my decision are issued for the assistance of interested parties ahead of the
inter partes hearing.

Background

4 Hanjin is the largest container-shipping firm in Korea and the ninth largest
in the world. The financial woes faced by the company have been covered
extensively by the press to date. These difficulties have reportedly led to
disruptions in the transport of goods throughout the Asia-Pacific. To find its
way out of its present troubles, on 31 August 2016, Hanjin filed an
application for rehabilitation proceedings to the Korean Bankruptcy Court
under the Korean Debtor Rehabilitation and Bankruptcy Act. On the same day,
the Korean Bankruptcy Court granted provisional orders to preserve Hanjin’s
assets. This was subsequently followed by an order granted on 1 September 2016
by the Seoul Central District Court commencing the rehabilitation procedure
for Hanjin (“the Commencement Order”). Hanjin’s President and Chief Executive
Officer, Mr Taisoo Suk, was appointed custodian of the company, and he is the
foreign representative and applicant in the present matter.

5 In his affidavit filed in support of the application, Korean attorney Lee
Wan Shik likened the Korean rehabilitation regime to Chapter 11 proceedings
under the United States’ Bankruptcy Code. The Korean rehabilitation process
would apparently involve various phases, leading to the presentation of a
rehabilitation plan to interested parties (including creditors) by 25 November
2016. Thereafter, the interested parties would meet to review the plan and a
vote would be taken. If, by the requisite majority, the interested parties
approve of the plan, the plan would then be submitted for review by the Korean
Court. The process was estimated to take a couple of months, and that was why
in the present application the Applicant sought the restraint and stay until
25 January 2017.

6 Since the Commencement Order was obtained, Hanjin made applications similar
to the present in the United Kingdom, the United States, and in Japan. At the
time of the hearing before me, the United Kingdom courts had granted the
relief sought, while the US courts had made an interim provisional order. The
proceedings in Japan were pending.

The Applicant’s Case

7 The Applicant pointed to a number of measures taken by Hanjin following the
granting of the Commencement Order. Hanjin had already engaged PwC Korea to be
its insolvency consultants, to assist in the preparation of the plan for
rehabilitation. Further, Hanjin was preparing to send a written notice to
notify all of its creditors, including those outside Korea, of the
rehabilitation proceedings in Korea; the notice to be sent to Singapore
creditors would be in English. The rehabilitation plan was to be circulated to
all creditors once ready. In his affidavit, the Applicant assured that
creditors, including those from Singapore, would have the opportunity to
review and vote on the rehabilitation plan. In the interim, the Applicant had
applied for restraint and stay orders in various jurisdictions apart from
Singapore, to allow Hanjin’s assets to be marshalled and its rehabilitation to
be coordinated. Hanjin aimed to continue its business and to earn revenue in
the meantime.

8 In urging this Court to allow his application, the Applicant argued that the
application made before this Court was an essential part of the series of
applications that Hanjin had made across the word to prevent piecemeal and
haphazard resolution of the company’s difficulties. Any such disparate
treatment would imperil Hanjin’s rehabilitation. The Applicant asserted that
unless this Court grants the current application, it was highly likely that
there would be a disorderly scramble amongst Hanjin’s creditors to act quickly
to seize and/or exercise their lien on vessels and containers which
constituted Hanjin’s principal business assets. In fact, such actions had
already taken place in various ports of the world. In Singapore, the Hanjin
Rome had already been arrested (ADM 178 of 2016). In his affidavit, the
Applicant stressed that Singapore was a very important port for Hanjin and its
global operations and business, and that Hanjin vessels regularly called into
Singapore to pick up and deliver cargo to deliver to Korea and other parts of
the world. At the time of the hearing, a number of Hanjin vessels were
scheduled to call into Singapore very shortly and were already at the outer-
port-limits of Singapore waters, but those vessels were not entering Singapore
for fear of being arrested. The Applicant said that unless the vessels could
enter Singapore without fear of being arrested, Hanjin’s business would be
crippled.

9 The Applicant further emphasised that given the global nature of Hanjin’s
business, the company’s difficulties would cause severe disruptions to global
trade, the global market, and the global supply chain logistics. The knock-on
effects of Hanjin’s insolvency and liquidation were also stressed. The
Applicant pointed to the possible impact on the company’s employees, creditors
and customers. It was highlighted that containers on board some of Hanjin’s
vessels might actually belong to other carriers which were partners of Hanjin
in a shipping alliance. With disruptions in the operation of Hanjin’s vessels,
customers might also be left with their goods immobilised far from their
destination. Furthermore, Hanjin and its subsidiaries in Singapore employed
some 112 employees here, and these employees would likely lose their jobs if
Hanjin was unable to carry out its rehabilitation.

10 Time and space was therefore needed for Hanjin to coordinate its
rehabilitation plans, for the best interests of all stakeholders. It was
emphasised that the Korean rehabilitation proceedings were fair and equitable.
In his affidavit, the Applicant stated that Hanjin intended to treat all
creditors in the same class equally, regardless of nationality, and that
international creditors (including Singapore creditors) would be allowed to
participate in the Korean rehabilitation proceedings.

11 In persuading this Court that it has inherent powers, as set out in O 92 r
4, to grant the application, the Applicant first highlighted Hanjin’s
substantial connections to Singapore. Hanjin had two subsidiaries in Singapore
– Hanjin Shipping (Singapore) Pte Ltd was incorporated in Singapore since 23
years ago in 1993, while Hanjin Overseas Tanker Pte Ltd was incorporated in
Singapore in 2007. The two subsidiaries had significant trade volume in
Singapore. Both Hanjin and its two subsidiaries also had assets here. The
Applicant then referred to a number of foreign decisions to support his case.
Reference was made to the observations of the US Court of Appeals’ decision in
Cunard Steamship Co Ltd v Salen Reefer Services AB 773 F 2d 452(1985), that
the recognition of foreign bankruptcy proceedings enables equitable, orderly
and systematic distribution of the assets of a debtor. The Applicant also
pointed to the Hong Kong decision in CCIC Finance Ltd v Guangdong
International Trust & Investment Corporation [2005] 2 HKC 589 (“CCIC Finance”)
(at [56] – [58]) as authority that it is a rule of international law that a
local court should not allow action to be taken within its jurisdiction that
would interfere with a pending process of universal distribution in a foreign
jurisdiction. Further, the Applicant cited the adoption by another Hong Kong
decision, Hong Kong Institute of Education v Aoki Corporation [2004] 2 HKLRD
760 (“Hong Kong Institute of Education”) (at [152]), of the factors proposed
by Professor Ian Fletcher in Insolvency in Private International Law (Oxford,
Clarendon Press, 1999) as being relevant in determining whether a foreign
restructuring process should be recognised. The Applicant submitted that these
factors, such as minimum standards of integrity and due process, adequacy of
notice, extent to which genuine efforts have been made to afford distant
creditors resident in foreign countries the opportunity for effective
participation, and fairness of the proceedings in all the circumstances, were
met by the Korean rehabilitation in the present case. Finally, citing the
Singapore Court of Appeal’s decision in Beluga Chartering GmhH (in
liquidation) and others v Beluga Projects (Singapore) Pte Ltd (in liquidation)
and another (deugro (Singapore) Pte Ltd, non-party) [2014] 2 SLR 815
(“Beluga”), the Applicant argued that the Singapore Court has the capacity to
assist the rehabilitation proceedings in Korea by exercising its inherent
power to stay proceedings. Reference was additionally made by the Applicant to
the recommendations of the Committee to Strengthen Singapore as an
International Centre for Debt Restructuring, which have been accepted by the
Ministry of Law, and the draft Insolvency Bill, as indicating a move towards a
general direction where Singapore becomes more accepting of recognising
foreign insolvency proceedings.

The Decision

12 I granted the application, specifically granting the orders, quoting from
prayer 1 of the summons itself, that pending the determination of the inter
partes application in OS No 914 of 2016,

(a) There be a restraint of all pending, contingent or fresh suits, actions or
proceedings against Hanjin Shipping Co Ltd (“Hanjin”) and its wholly-owned
Singapore subsidiaries (being Hanjin Shipping (Singapore) Pte Ltd and Hanjin
Overseas Tanker Pte Ltd (together, the “Subsidiaries”)) or any enforcement or
execution against any asset of Hanjin and the Subsidiaries;

(b) There be a stay of all present suits, actions or proceedings against
Hanjin and the Subsidiaries; and

(c) For the avoidance of doubt, orders 1(a) and 1(b) above include but are not
limited to any enforcement or execution against the vessels beneficially owned
or chartered by Hanjin and the Subsidiaries.

However, the above orders were not to operate in respect of the arrest, action
and ancillaries in respect of and arising from such arrest of the Hanjin Rome
in ADM 178 of 2016, which was arrested earlier. Liberty to apply was granted
in respect of the matters concerning this carve-out of the Hanjin Rome.

13 Having heard the arguments, I was satisfied that the Korean rehabilitation
orders should be recognised, and assistance rendered. I was mindful of the
impact this may have on Singapore creditors; however the need for the orderly
resolution and satisfaction of claims, as well as the possible benefit to all
interested parties of the rehabilitation of Hanjin, were significant factors
pointing to the recognition and assisting of the Korean rehabilitation
proceedings. Such recognition and assistance perhaps constituted a development
of the common law in Singapore, but I was satisfied that this development was
principled and justified. I was also mindful that my decision would restrain
admiralty proceedings, including arrest; but in the end, I concluded that
there was nothing in the nature of the different doctrines of law, the
relevant statutes, or case law, that would prevent the making of the present
orders.

Analysis

The recognition and giving of assistance to the Korean proceedings

14 The courts in the United Kingdom and the United States had recognised the
Korean rehabilitation proceedings. However, these had been on the basis of the
UNCITRAL Model Law on Cross-Border Insolvency (20 May 1997) (the “Model Law”),
which both jurisdictions had formally adopted. Although, as the Applicant
noted, there had been public announcements indicating that Singapore would
likely adopt the Model Law as well, this had not yet been done. The basis of
the current application thus had to be in the common law.

15 The Applicant relied primarily on the Court of Appeal’s decision in Beluga,
where the court made observations (at [99]) that recognised the benefits of a
universalist approach in winding up, and noted that Singapore courts could
render assistance to foreign winding up proceedings, depending on the
circumstances:

Most courts recognise the desirability and practicality of a universal
collection and distribution of assets and that a creditor should not be able
to gain an unfair priority by an attachment or execution on assets located
within the jurisdiction of the court subsequent to a winding-up order made
elsewhere. However, this can only operate as a very broad statement of
principle. Whether and how the Singapore court will render assistance to
foreign winding-up proceedings through the regulation of its own proceedings
will depend on the particular circumstances before it. Assistance might, for
example, take the form of a stay of a claim if Singapore is not the forum
conveniens; or staying an execution or attachment; or exercising a discretion
against granting a garnishee order absolute; or refusing leave to serve
process out of the jurisdiction; or winding up the company in Singapore.

16 The observations were made in the context of winding-up proceedings.
However, similar considerations should apply to other forms of insolvency
proceedings, including restructuring and rehabilitation. In all such
proceedings, the interests of creditors may be affected by the outcome, and
some of them may indeed be worse off than if they had been able to assert and
enforce individual claims against the assets of the insolvent company.
However, just as an orderly collection and distribution of all available
assets to creditors would be to the ultimate overall benefit of all creditors,
so too would orderly marshalling and compromise or arrangement in respect of
restructuring and rehabilitation. In both instances, one avoids a free-for
all, catch-as-catch-can situation that would result from disparate proceedings
within and across jurisdictions. I therefore considered the observations in
Beluga as extending to recognition of foreign restructuring and rehabilitation
orders and/or proceedings.

17 I was also fortified in reaching this conclusion because of the approach
adopted in the Hong Kong cases such as Hong Kong Institute of Education and
CCIC Finance, which recognised foreign rehabilitation and liquidation
proceedings respectively at common law, although they were concerned with
stays of specific awards or judgments rather than a general restraint and stay
as asked for by the Applicant here.

18 In determining whether recognition of foreign rehabilitation proceedings
should be granted, I am of the view that a Court would need to consider:

(a) The connection of the company to the forum in which the rehabilitation
proceedings are taking place and to the place of rehabilitation;

(b) What the rehabilitation process entails, including its impact on domestic
creditors and whether it is fair and equitable in the circumstances; and

(c) Whether there are any strong countervailing reasons against recognition of
the foreign rehabilitation proceedings.

This approach represents this Court’s attempt at distillation of the various
approaches, including, in particular, that of Professor Fletcher as cited in
Hong Kong Institute of Education (see [11] above).

Connection of the company to the foreign court and place of rehabilitation

19 The rehabilitation orders were made by the court of the place of
incorporation of Hanjin, where it had its head office, and where it was
listed. All of Hanjin’s representative directors were Korean citizens and
residents. In the words of the Applicant, Korea was Hanjin’s place of
centralised command. In light of this, I was satisfied that Hanjin’s common
law centre of main interest was in Korea. That provided a very strong
connecting factor between Hanjin and the Korean court, justifying recognition
of the company’s rehabilitation proceedings there and the Korean court’s
appointment of the Applicant as the custodian of Hanjin, which I took as being
equivalent to its rehabilitation representative.

What the rehabilitation process entails - the requirements and consequences of
the rehabilitation process

20 Recognition and assistance would not be given in respect of foreign
rehabilitation proceedings if those proceedings would lead to a result that
would be unfair to the creditors as a whole, or which would not facilitate the
orderly rehabilitation of the company. The primary factor is in the fairness
of the process, particularly as regard the treatment of creditors. Foreign or
international creditors should be treated fairly and equitably; any preference
for domestic creditors or those of a particular group may be a strong reason
for a court to decline recognition and assistance. Fairness would also
encompass proper due process, which in this context would mean proper
communication of plans and proposals, as well as the real possibility of
participation in meetings by creditors: sufficient time and material must be
given for due consideration by the creditors, including foreign or
international creditors. The Court will not, however, be so fastidious in the
requirement of equality of creditors that it will not be practical at all to
carry out the rehabilitation. Much will depend on the circumstances. Time will
often be a considerable constraint, but as long as there are reasonable
measures to ensure fair treatment, it is unlikely that the court will decline
to recognise or assist.

21 In the present case, I was satisfied that the proposed steps in the
rehabilitation proceedings would in its general process be fair to foreign,
including Singaporean, creditors. The Applicant had provided assurance that
all creditors in the same class would be treated equally regardless of
nationality. Written notices of the Korean rehabilitation proceedings would be
sent out to all creditors, including those outside Korea, and Singapore
creditors would receive the notices in English. The rehabilitation plan would
also be circulated to all creditors. All creditors would be allowed to
participate in the meetings and to vote on the rehabilitation plan. As the
meetings were to be held in Korea, I had some concern on whether participation
would be practical for Singapore creditors. What would be needed in the coming
months, apart from as full a communication in English of the proposals as
possible, were measures to facilitate the practical participation of Singapore
creditors in the Korean rehabilitation process. In that regard, I asked
Counsel for the Applicant to determine what measures would be allowed or
practicable under Korean law for Singapore creditors to participate in the
meeting by electronic means. But even if that were not feasible, that would
not by itself indicate that the process was unfair.

Possible countervailing reasons against recognition of the Korean
rehabilitation proceedings

22 A number of possible objections to the granting of the application had to
be considered, namely its interplay or interface with the admiralty
jurisdiction; the assisting of foreign proceedings that are more liberal than
local regimes; and the possible adverse impact that recognition of the Korean
proceedings may have on Singaporean creditors, particularly those seeking
arrest of Hanjin’s vessels.

Admiralty jurisdiction

23 I was of the view that with the recognition of the Korean rehabilitation
proceedings, assistance should be granted even to the extent of preventing
arrest of ships of the Hanjin fleet.

24 The Applicant had put forward an alternative prayer. Had I decided against
affecting the admiralty proceedings by granting a restraint of any enforcement
or execution against vessels beneficially owned or chartered by Hanjin and the
Subsidiaries, the Applicant asked in that event that any application for the
issue of a warrant for the arrest of those vessels be heard by a judge
(instead of by an Assistant Registrar). This followed the approach taken in
several Australian decisions.

25 As it was, I was of the view that the High Court (Admiralty Jurisdiction)
Act (Cap 123, 2001 Rev Ed), the Rules of Court, and case law did not prohibit
me from issuing orders the effect of which was to restrain arrest of ships and
stay other admiralty proceedings. There was nothing apparent on the face of
the statute or rules that excluded admiralty matters from the exercise of the
Court’s inherent power as in this case. I should note that there was no
argument in this case examining the nature and character of the admiralty
jurisdiction as against the inherent powers of the Court to render assistance
to foreign rehabilitation proceedings through regulation of its own
proceedings (including by ordering the restraint of any enforcement or
execution against vessels) – whether or not there is anything in that regard
that should have led to a different result may or may not be taken up on
another day.

26 I did note that in Re TPC Korea Co Ltd [2010] 2 SLR 617 (“TPC Korea”), the
Court there was of the view that the High Court (Admiralty) Jurisdiction Act
created a self-contained regime for the resolution of disputes where the
relevant interests or assets involved were vessels. With the greatest respect,
I did not think that that regime was to be insulated from the general powers
of the Court: there was nothing in the statute that expressly separated arrest
of ships from being subject to general processes, and I was not aware at the
point of my decision of any case law that would point that way.

The relative liberality of the foreign proceedings

27 The rehabilitation regime in Korea was more liberal than our scheme of
arrangement or judicial management regimes under the Companies Act (Cap 50,
2006 Rev Ed). In particular, the power of the Court to make a restraint order
under s 210(10) of the Companies Act may not be available in circumstances
equivalent to the present, as no plan with sufficient particularity had been
produced yet: see Re Conchubar Aromatics Ltd and other matters [2015] SGHC
322. The differences between our regime and that in Korea may seem
incongruous. However, such differences should not be a bar to recognition and
assistance of proceedings under the foreign regime. Different regimes will
have differences in requirements and details: to insist on equivalence or even
near-equivalence would not serve the needs of universality and orderly
disposition. If anything, a more liberal foreign approach may be a spur to
changes in the domestic regime.

28 The fact that the Korean court had appointed the Applicant, who was
Hanjin’s Chief Executive Officer and President, as custodian of Hanjin and had
entrusted the rehabilitation of the company to him rather than to an
independent third party, such as a trustee in bankruptcy, did not by itself
bar the Korean rehabilitation proceedings from recognition. Again, different
systems may have different approaches to rehabilitation, and the appointment
of a debtor or a current officer of the debtor to manage matters was not in
itself inimical to a fair and orderly process.

29 In this regard, I should further note that I was aware that TPC Korea
involved in some ways a parallel situation: there, an application was made
under s 210 of the Companies Act to obtain orders to convene a meeting of
creditors for the purpose of considering and approving a rehabilitation plan
under the same Korean Act as in the present case. The applicant there also
applied for a restraint of all actions against the company’s assets including
arrests of vessels owned by the company, pending court approval of the said
rehabilitation plan or until the rehabilitation proceedings in Korea was
terminated. The interplay between restraint of arrest of vessels and admiralty
jurisdiction has been considered above, and I have with respect declined to
follow TPC Korea in that aspect. The Court in TPC Korea also rejected the
application as it was of the view that it did not fit with the scheme of s
210. On this other aspect, I did not need to make any determination in the
present application, as what was before me was an issue of recognition of
foreign proceedings rather than application of s 210 to such proceedings.

Adverse impact on parties seeking arrest

30 I was also aware that the impact of my decision, even on this interim
basis, would be that those seeking arrest of Hanjin’s vessels in Singapore
might have their aims frustrated: presumably, a practical result of my
decision would be that the vessels would come in covered by the restraint and
stay orders, unload their cargo quickly, refuel, re-provision, and possibly
depart for Korea or other safe harbours, even before the case management
conference for the current application proper is held on 15 September 2016.

31 The Applicant took the line that there was no real harm in this occurring
since the vessels would not come into the Singapore port and risk being
arrested if the order for restraint was not obtained. Aside from that however,
I was of the view that the inability of individual creditors to obtain
security was a necessary consequence of universal collection and marshalling
of assets. It was no different from the position of individual creditors
constrained in relation to domestic restructuring and rehabilitation.

Appropriate assistance to be rendered

32 The next question was the form that any assistance rendered to the Korean
proceedings could take. Recognition alone would not be sufficient generally.
Assistance of the domestic court would usually be required, even if it is just
the conferral of powers otherwise normally applicable in a domestic setting,
as was the case in the earlier decision of Re Opti-Medix Ltd (in
liquidation)and another matter [2016] 4 SLR 312. In the present case, what
were sought were restraint and stay orders. I was satisfied that the Court
could and should so grant such orders. The power to restrain and stay
proceedings is an aspect of the Court’s inherent powers in managing processes
and proceedings occurring within the court system. It should not be invoked or
granted lightly: O 92 r 4 is often the first resort in dubious claims.
However, such residual powers can and ought to be exercised if valid reasons
exist. Here, the imperative for orderly rehabilitation and restructuring of a
company running a global business across jurisdictions, and the need to ensure
that the company’s assets could be marshalled or collected for such effort,
both provided sufficiently strong grounds for the exercise of the inherent
powers of the Court to grant the restraint and stay orders.

33 What other inherent powers of the Court, including the making of mandatory
orders to assist foreign proceedings, may be invoked would best be left to
another occasion to consider. But I suspect that mandatory orders, in
comparison, will call for consideration of other factors, and the Court may be
less ready to lend its assistance in such a way.

34 I would also note that a right to a specific asset, including a specific
instance of arrest, may warrant an exception if circumstances justify it, but
the Court would be wary of undermining the foreign rehabilitation by granting
such exceptions too readily.

Carve-out

35 The orders granted were not to operate in respect of the arrest, action and
ancillaries in respect of and arising from the arrest of the Hanjin Rome in
ADM 178 of 2016. This arose out of a concession by the Applicant, and I did
not examine the question further.

Conclusion

36 The orders made were interim orders pending the inter partes hearing of the
application, by which time the interested parties should have given
instructions to their counsel. These grounds would hopefully assist in their
preparation of the necessary arguments. A case conference has been scheduled
for 15 September 2016, as noted above, during which further directions will be
given for the hearing of the inter partes application.

Aedit Abdullah  
Judicial Commissioner

Sim Chong, Yap Hao Jin and Tee Li Min Joan (Sim Chong LLC) for the applicant.  

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:40 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

