Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the republic of singapore

[2016] SGHC 95

Criminal Case No 39 of 2014

Public Prosecutor

v

Shanmuga Nathan Balakrishnan

judgment

[Criminal Law] — [Statutory offences] — [Misuse of Drugs Act] – [Illegally
importing controlled drugs]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Public Prosecutor

  
v

  

Shanmuga Nathan Balakrishnan

[2016] SGHC 95

High Court — Criminal Case No 39 of 2014  
Choo Han Teck J  
12, 14, 15 and 21 April 2016

16 May 2016 Judgment reserved

Choo Han Teck J:

1 The accused faces a charge under s 7 of the Misuse of Drugs Act (Cap 185,
2008 Rev Ed) (“MDA”) for illegally importing not less than 67.49g of
diamorphine into Singapore. The prosecution’s case leading to his arrest is
largely unchallenged. The essential facts as established by the prosecution
witnesses are that the accused rode a Malaysian registered motorcycle (licence
plate number JLT 6428) (“the motorcycle”) with his wife Zainab as pillion from
Johor to Singapore on 28 November 2012. They arrived at the Woodlands
Checkpoint at about 8.39pm, where they were stopped by officers of the
Immigration and Checkpoints Authority (“ICA”) and referred to officers of the
Central Narcotics Bureau (“CNB”).

2 The motorcycle was searched. It had a modified fuel tank. A hidden
compartment was created in that tank, which could only hold less than half the
quantity of petrol in an unmodified tank. The design was clever and anyone
looking at the motorcycle might not have detected the change without careful
observation. Sgt Suffian of the CNB testified that when he lifted the
motorcycle onto a stand for a search, he felt that it was lighter than it
should be because the fuel gauge showed that the motorcycle had a full tank.
Furthermore, he noticed some new screws and a spanner in the tool kit below
the seat of the motorcycle. He removed a screw and pried open the fuel tank.
He then saw a plastic packet in the tank and raised the alarm to have the
accused and Zainab arrested. In total, the CNB found 11 bundles of diamorphine
with a gross weight of 2,695.4g (and a nett weight of 67.49g) hidden in the
modified fuel tank of the motorcycle.

3 Mr Thuraisingam, counsel for the accused, did not challenge these facts,
although he did make a point at trial that it was not possible to know that
the fuel tank had been tampered with just by comparing the fuel gauge and the
weight of the motorcycle and that it was not unusual for the fuel gauge of a
motorcycle to be faulty.

4 As there is no dispute that the accused was riding the motorcycle, he is
presumed under s 21 of the MDA to be in possession of the diamorphine. By s
18(2) of the MDA, the accused is further presumed to have known the nature of
the drugs in his possession (ie that the drugs in his possession was
diamorphine).

5 The defence sought to rebut the presumptions by proving that the accused did
not know that the fuel tank contained the drugs in question, and that he did
not know that the drugs were diamorphine. The defence’s case is that the
accused came into Singapore on that motorcycle which he had borrowed from his
friend Selvam. He came to Singapore for two purposes. First, he was looking
for a job in Singapore and wanted to buy local newspapers to look for
advertisements of job offers. Secondly, he brought Zainab as pillion because
she wanted to check whether her former employer had credited her salary into
her bank account in Singapore using the Automated Teller Machines (“ATM”)
here. The background to this is that the accused was working as a cleaner in
the Tan Tock Seng Hospital from 20 March 2012 to 6 July 2012. Zainab also
worked as a cleaner in the same hospital. She started working there on 14
March 2012 and left on 29 September 2012 when she terminated her employment
prematurely by being absent without notice. Their immediate employer was a
company called ISS Facilities Service Pte Ltd (“ISS”) which had a service
contract with the Tan Tock Seng Hospital. The travel records show that the
accused had travelled to Singapore on 34 separate occasions in a two-month
period between 1 October and 30 November 2012, and that Zainab had travelled
together with him on more than 20 of these occasions. The accused maintains
that he and his wife had travelled to Singapore for the same two purposes on
each of these occasions.

6 I am not at all persuaded by the defence’s case. First, I find it difficult
to accept the accused’s claim that he came to Singapore to buy newspapers. The
accused told the court during cross-examination that he bought “The Straits
Times” in Singapore, but the defence offered no evidence that he could not get
the same newspaper in Malaysia. Furthermore, the records show that he had
mostly travelled during peak periods on the 34 occasions that he had come to
Singapore in October and November 2012. At trial, the accused suggested that
he could only enter Singapore during peak periods as he was working part-time
in Malaysia from 8.30am to between 3.00pm and 5.00pm daily. This is
inconsistent with his statements to the CNB, where he not only did not mention
that he was employed in a part-time job in Malaysia but in fact said that he
had been “unemployed and was looking around in Singapore for jobs”. I accept
the prosecution’s submission that the accused had no legitimate explanation
for why he had chosen to travel in and out of Singapore during peak hours. His
claim to have a part-time job in Malaysia was an afterthought, and he had
probably chosen to travel during peak hours amidst heavy traffic to avoid
detection.

7 As for the accused’s claim that he and his wife had come to Singapore to
check her bank account, the prosecution’s evidence from ISS was that no
outstanding salary was due to Zainab. On the contrary, the representative from
the company testified that Zainab owed the company money for having left
employment without notice. Furthermore, during her period of employment with
ISS, Zainab was paid her salary by cash or cash cheque and never by crediting
money into her bank account. I accept that there is evidence that Zainab had
used the ATM to check her account balance, but the reason for doing so could
not be what the accused told the court. She might have checked her bank
account when she was here, but that is not the same as saying that she came
here because she wanted to check her bank account. If she really wanted to
know whether her employer had paid her she could have called them. When she
used the ATM to check her account balance and found that no money had been
credited the first time, she would reasonably have called them. Yet, according
to the representative from ISS, not once had Zainab called the company to
enquire about her salary. The accused does not dispute that Zainab had never
made any enquiry with ISS on outstanding pay. Instead, his account is that
instead of making a call or one trip down to ISS to make the enquiry, the
couple had preferred to travel from Johor to Singapore on multiple occasions
for Zainab to use the ATM at Woodlands to check her bank account,
notwithstanding that on each occasion, she had found that the money had not
been credited. I find this account illogical.

8 That brings us to the question of Zainab’s absence at trial and the
defence’s application for her statements to the CNB to be admitted as hearsay
evidence under s 32(1)(j)(ii) and s 32(1)(j)(iii) as well as s 32(3) of the
Evidence Act (Cap 97, 1997 Rev Ed). These provisions are set out below for
convenience:

Cases in which statement of relevant fact by person who is dead or cannot be
found, etc., is relevant

32.—(1) Subject to subsections (2) and (3), statements of relevant facts made
by a person (whether orally, in a document or otherwise), are themselves
relevant facts in the following cases:

…

(j) when the statement is made by a person in respect of whom it is shown —

(i) …

(ii) that despite reasonable efforts to locate him, he cannot be found whether
within or outside Singapore;

(iii) that he is outside Singapore and it is not practicable to secure his
attendance;

…

…

(3) A statement which is otherwise relevant under subsection (1) shall not be
relevant if the court is of the view that it would not be in the interests of
justice to treat it as relevant.

9 There is no question that both the defence and the prosecution had been
unable to find Zainab who had returned to Malaysia after she was released
without being charged. The accused’s brother Jeganath gave evidence that when
Zainab returned to Malaysia, she stayed with the accused’s parents for a brief
period. Thereafter, she left. Jeganath tried to contact her at her mobile
number on several occasions but was unable to get through to her. He also
contacted Zainab’s sister, but she informed him that Zainab had told her own
family that she would not be returning home and the family was unaware of her
whereabouts. The defence further sought help from the prosecution to locate
Zainab. The Prosecution sent a registered mail to Zainab’s official address
but there was no response. The CNB contacted its counterpart in Malaysia but
even with that assistance Zainab could not be found. I accept that reasonable
efforts had been made to locate Zainab and allowed her statements to be
admitted pursuant to s 32(1)(j) of the Evidence Act, but for the reasons
below, I am of the view that her statements were of insufficient weight to
assist the defence.

10 Counsel for the accused submitted on the law at length as to the
admissibility of Zainab’s statements as well as the efforts made to find her,
but he made no reference to those statements except to say, generally, that
her statements corroborated the evidence of the accused. I find nothing in her
statements assisted the accused except that she too had said that she had come
to Singapore with him for the purpose of checking her bank account. I am not
persuaded that this was the true purpose of their trips here. It is also
conspicuous that in all of her statements to the CNB, Zainab made no mention
that she had travelled with the accused to Singapore because the accused
wanted to buy newspapers. This is inconsistent with the accused’s testimony at
trial. During cross-examination at trial, when it was pointed out to the
accused that it was not logical for them to come to Singapore on multiple
occasions just to check Zainab’s bank account for expected deposits that were
never made, the accused said that the “main reason” why he had come to
Singapore in October 2012 was to buy newspapers and that he and his wife would
check the bank account only “sometimes”.

11 Finally, the evidence from the defence concerning how the accused came to
Singapore on that motorcycle on 28 November 2012 is too implausible to be
true. The accused testified that he had borrowed the motorcycle from Selvam on
each occasion that he had travelled to Singapore between October and November
2012, as it saved him time to travel using the motorcycle as opposed to taking
other forms of transport. On 28 November 2012, he received a phone call from
Selvam’s brother Raja. Raja asked him if he wanted the motorcycle and the
accused said that he informed Raja that he did not require the motorcycle that
day. Then, inexplicably, at 5.30pm, Selvam arrived at the accused’s house in
Johor to hand the motorcycle to him. According to the accused’s
contemporaneous statement to the CNB dated 28 November 2012, after Selvam
handed the motorcycle over to him, Selvam mentioned that he (Selvam) would be
coming in to Singapore to settle some matters and asked the accused to meet
him at Woodlands where he (Selvam) would then drive the motorcycle
“somewhere”. Given the accused’s own evidence that he had originally not
intended to travel to Singapore on 28 November 2012, it is incredible that he
would change his mind and make the trip after Selvam expressly told him that
he would be taking over the motorcycle when they are in Singapore. This would
mean that the accused may not be able to return to Malaysia using the
motorcycle but may have to use alternative means of transport – something
which he had been trying to avoid. In a subsequent statement dated 4 December
2012 and also at trial, the accused presented a different account. He
testified that it was only when he was at the immigration checkpoint that
Selvam telephoned him and asked for his motorcycle to be returned to him. In
gist, this would have meant that the accused had taken the motorcycle just to
clear immigration for Selvam. The accused testified to this equally incredible
account solemnly but expressed no surprise at the time or at the trial that he
could have been so used by Selvam. It is also the accused’s evidence that he
did not ask Selvam how he had wanted to use the motorcycle and for how long.
He said that it did not strike him to ask Selvam these questions, but this can
hardly be the case if the accused had truly borrowed the motorcycle to save
time and thus would be concerned to know if he would be able to use the
motorcycle for his journey back to Johor. I am unable to accept that the
accused’s account could possibly be true.

12 I find that neither the story given by the accused nor the accused himself
as a narrator of that story is credible. In the circumstances, I find that the
accused had not rebutted the presumptions under ss 21 and 18(2) of the Act and
I convict him accordingly.

\- Sgd -  
Choo Han Teck  
Judge

Eugene Lee, Goh Yi Ling and Lim Shin Hui (Attorney-General’s Chambers) for
prosecution  
Eugene Thuraisingam and Jerrie Tan (Eugene Thuraisingam LLP) for accused.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:39 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

