Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the republic of singapore

[2016] SGHC 239

Originating Summons No 816 of 2015

Between

1\. Lee Wei Ling

2\. Lee Hsien Yang

And

Attorney-General

SUPPLEMENTAL Judgment

[Contract] — [Contractual terms]

[Copyright] — [Ownership]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections to be approved by the
court and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the
law, for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Lee Wei Ling and another

  
v

  
Attorney-General

[2016] SGHC 239

High Court — Originating Summons No 816 of 2015  
Tay Yong Kwang JA  
21 October 2016

21 October 2016 .

Tay Yong Kwang JA:

54 The parties were scheduled to attend before me on 21 October 2016 because
the Plaintiffs had filed an application in Summons No 4885/2016, seeking leave
to appeal to the Court of Appeal against the orders made in Summons No
5810/2015 (see [6] above). However, on 19 October 2016, the Plaintiffs’
solicitors wrote to inform the Court that they wished to withdraw Summons No
4885/2016 with no order as to costs and that the Attorney General had no
objections to this request. Both parties also agreed to dispense with
attendance in Court, subject to the directions of the Court. As both parties
had filed their written submissions on costs of the proceedings by then, I
asked the parties to attend as scheduled so that I could deal with the
outstanding issues relating to costs.

55 On 21 October 2016, before me, the parties confirmed the above stated
position. I therefore ordered that, by consent, the Plaintiffs’ application in
SUM 4885/2016 be withdrawn with no order as to costs.

56 In respect of the costs of Summons No 5810/2015 and of the Originating
Summons, I note from the written submissions that the Plaintiffs’ position is
that each party should bear its own costs. The Government’s position is that,
while it is entitled to costs since costs generally follow the event, it is
not pressing for costs and would leave this issue to the Court.

57 As I have mentioned several times during the pre-hearing stages of this
Originating Summons, I believe that both Plaintiffs are conducting these
proceedings honourably and honestly in their duties as the executors of the
LKY estate. Equally, I have emphasized that I believe that the Government is
also contesting the Originating Summons honourably and honestly. Both parties
hold genuine views as to how the Interview Agreement ought to be interpreted
and have put them forward to the Court for determination.

58 Ordinarily, the Government is entitled to costs of Summons No 5810/2015 and
of the Originating Summons as the Court ruled in its favour in both matters.
However, as the Government is not pressing for costs and in view of what I
have said above at [57], I agree that each party should bear its own costs for
these two matters.

Tay Yong Kwang

Judge of Appeal

Lee Eng Beng, SC and Chew Xiang (Rajah & Tann LLP) for the plaintiffs;  
Kwek Mean Luck, 2SG, Koo Zhi Xuan, Germaine Boey (Attorney-General’s Chambers)
for the defendant.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:40 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

