Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the republic of singapore

[2016] SGHC 117

Admiralty in Rem No 26 of 2011

Admiralty action in rem against the ship or vessel  
“PWM SUPPLY” EX “CREST SUPPLY 1”  
Between

AKN MARINE SUPPLIES PTE LTD  
  
---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

THE OWNERS OF THE SHIP OR VESSEL “PWM SUPPLY” EX “CREST SUPPLY 1”  
---  
  
… Defendant

judgment

[Admiralty and Shipping] – [Admiralty jurisdiction and arrest] – [Action in
rem]  

[Damages] – [Loss of chance]

[Damages] – [Rules in awarding] – [Proof of actual damage]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
The “PWM Supply” ex “Crest Supply 1”

[2016] SGHC 117

High Court — Admiralty in Rem No 26 of 2011  
Tan Lee Meng SJ  
16 – 20 July 2012, 22 – 23 November 2012, 4- – 7 March 2013, 1 – 3 July 2015;
27 July 2015; 23 May 2016

23 June 2016 Judgment reserved.

Tan Lee Meng SJ:

1 The plaintiff, A.K.N. Marine Supplies Pte Ltd (“AKN Marine”), instituted
Admiralty in Rem No 26 of 2011 (“the present action”) against the “PWM Supply”
(“the Vessel”) to recover the cost of services rendered and expenses incurred
as the ship manager and/or agent of the Vessel. The defendant, PWM Singapore
Pte Ltd (“PWM”), was the owner of the Vessel before she was sold by the
Sheriff after Deutsche Bank Nederland NV (“Deutsche Bank”), the bank that
financed the purchase by PWM of the Vessel, applied for the judicial sale of
the Vessel. PWM, who contended that the judicial sale would not have been
necessary if AKN Marine had not impeded its efforts to sell the Vessel to Kith
Marine & Engineering Pte Ltd (“Kith Marine”) at a price higher than that
obtained in the Sheriff’s sale, counterclaimed against AKN Marine for damages,
which included the difference between the price offered by Kith Marine and
that obtained in the Sheriff’s sale.

2 The trial was completed three years ago in March 2013 and the parties were
directed to file written submissions by 15 April 2013. However, before the
written submissions were filed, PWM’s directors passed a resolution on 26
March 2013 to have the company wound up voluntarily and on 5 April 2013,
Borrelli Walsh Pte Ltd was confirmed as PWM’s liquidator. This resulted in a
statutory stay of the proceedings pursuant to section 299(2) of the Companies
Act (Cap 50, 2006 Rev Ed).

3 On the liquidator’s application, the stay of proceedings was lifted on 24
September 2013. After the lifting of the stay, matters were held in abeyance
for more than 16 months as AKN Marine discharged three sets of solicitors
before appointing their present solicitors, Advocatus Law LLP, who played no
part in the trial in 2013.

4 Even after the closing submissions were finally filed, AKN Marine and the
liquidator took some time to try and resolve their differences in order to
reach a settlement. However, by November 2015, the court was informed that no
settlement could be reached.

Background

5 AKN Marine, which carries on business as, inter alia, ship managers and/or
agents, is part of the AKN Group of Companies (“the AKN Group”) set up by Mr
Jamalediin Emtiyaz (“Jamal”) in several countries. According to AKN Marine,
the AKN Group is run like a family business and consists of companies set up
by Jamal, who provides the funds to set up a company within the group and
appoints one of his family members to run it. It was asserted that, as a
general rule, Jamal would hold 85% of the shares in the companies he set up
while the remaining 15% would be allotted to the family member asked to run
the company in question to motivate that family member to treat that company
as his own in order to maximise profits.

6 AKN Marine’s directors are Jamal and his cousin, Mr Emtiaz Hamed (“Hamed”).
Hamed, the present chief executive officer (“CEO”) of AKN Marine, holds 15% of
the shares of AKN Marine while Jamal holds the remaining 85%.

7 At the material time, PWM’s directors were Jamal’s brother, Mr Mark Nezam
Emtiaz (“Mark”), and Mr Foroughmand Arabi Amir Yadollah (“Arabi”). Arabi was
formerly associated with AKN Marine. He was a director of AKN Marine and was
also its CEO from 2005 until he was removed from his positions in AKN Marine
in 2010.

8 Although the present action ostensibly involves a dispute between two
companies, it has its roots in an extremely bitter feud between the two
siblings, Jamal and Mark. Jamal claims to have given Mark around US$13.16m to
set up and operate Pacific World Marine LLC (“Pacific World”), a United States
company that owns PWM. Jamal’s claim to 85% of the shares of PWM and its
parent company, a claim denied by Mark and PWM, is not the subject matter of
this suit. Nonetheless, Jamal’s attempt to get Mark to acknowledge his 85%
shareholding in PWM should be borne in mind for a more complete picture of the
savagery of the dispute between the two brothers in this suit.

9 The background of the dispute between AKN Marine and PWM, shorn of details,
is as follows. On 10 February 2006, AKN Marine agreed to purchase the Vessel,
which was then named “Crest Supply 1”, from Pacific Crest Pte Ltd (“Pacific
Crest”), for US$4.5m. On 24 March 2010, the agreement for the sale and
purchase of the Vessel was amended to reflect the Vessel’s change of name from
“Crest Supply 1” to “PWM Supply”.

10 On 28 April 2006, PWM was incorporated. On that day, AKN Marine agreed to
let PWM take over the purchase of the Vessel from Pacific Crest for US$4.5m. A
novation agreement dated 20 June 2006 was executed by the relevant parties to
have PWM recorded as the purchaser of the Vessel.

11 To finance the purchase of the Vessel, PWM entered into a credit agreement
for a loan of US$2.7m (“the loan”) from Hollandsche Bank-Unie NV (“Hollandsche
Bank”), which was subsequently acquired by Deutsche Bank. Under the agreement
with Hollandsche Bank, two of Jamal’s companies within the AKN group, namely,
A.K.N. World Trade Pte Ltd (“AKN World”) and A.K.N. Offshore Supplies &
Services Pte Ltd (“AKN Offshore”), assumed joint and several liability for the
loan to PWM. This showed how closely the AKN Group and PWM worked together
before Jamal and Mark parted company.

12 As the loan of US$2.7m was insufficient to pay for the Vessel, which cost
US$4.5m, PWM also took a loan from Mr Hesamedin Emtiaz (“Hesam”), who is the
brother of Jamal and Mark. Apparently, Hesam transferred around US$2.1m to PWM
to pay for part of the purchase price for the Vessel as well as for bunkers
and additional charges.

13 On 16 May 2006, by way of a BIMCO Standard Ship Management Agreement (“the
Management Agreement”), PWM appointed AKN Marine as the Vessel’s managers with
effect from 1 June 2006. The agreed annual management fee was US$110,400, to
be paid in monthly instalments of US$9,200. Under the Management Agreement,
AKN Marine undertook to deal with, among other things, crew management,
technical management, insurance and the future sale of the Vessel.

14 Earlier on, on 8 March 2006, by way of a BIMCO Standard Ship Agreement, AKN
Marine had sub-contracted the management of the Vessel to Strato Maritime
Services Pte Ltd (“Strato Maritime”). The sub-contract (the “Strato
Agreement”) was entered into in anticipation of the Management Agreement,
which was concluded on 16 May 2006. Under the Strato Agreement, Strato
Maritime was entitled to US$8,000 per month for its management services.

15 On 23 June 2006, the Vessel was registered in PWM’s name and renamed “PWM
Supply”.

16 As ship managers of the Vessel, Strato Maritime, incurred expenses and paid
for disbursements. It issued a monthly invoice to AKN Marine, accompanied by a
summary of the expenses, purchase orders, invoices from others and bunker
delivery notes. AKN Marine would pay Strato Maritime the sums claimed and
present the same documents to PWM for reimbursement. This was the practice
from 2006 to 2012.

17 On 26 November 2010, AKN Marine’s Finance Manager, Mr Chris Yeo Wei Hock,
who was then also a director of PWM, emailed Mark to ask for the payment by
the end of November 2010 of US$191,426.28 allegedly owed by PWM to AKN Marine.
A Statement of Accounts tabling the expenses incurred by the ship managers was
enclosed.

18 PWM replied that it needed time to scrutinise the accounts submitted by AKN
Marine and clarifications were sought on alleged discrepancies in the said
accounts. PWM also wanted AKN Marine to forward supporting documents for the
disbursements. Between May 2010 and April 2011, AKN Marine’s invoices in
relation to the management of the Vessel were not paid by PWM despite repeated
requests for payment.

19 In the meantime, charter rates had dropped drastically and the Vessel was
no longer on charter as from September 2010. PWM decided to sell the Vessel
but the response from potential buyers was poor. By January 2011, the Vessel
remained unsold.

20 On 16 January 2011, AKN Marine’s Hamed emailed Mark and said that Jamal
intended to arrest the Vessel unless PWM paid the amount owed to AKN Marine.
Hamed suggested that the dispute between the parties be resolved by Mark
agreeing to transfer 85% of the shares of PWM to Jamal. This proposal was not
accepted by Mark.

21 PWM asked Deutsche Bank to defer the payment of the January 2011 instalment
payment. On 1 February 2011, Deutsche Bank rejected the request for deferment
and gave PWM two months to sell the Vessel.

22 On 2 February 2011, Mark emailed Hamed to say that if AKN Marine tried to
arrest the Vessel, Deutsche Bank would foreclose on the loan facility and a
distressed sale of the Vessel would leave insufficient funds for PWM to pay
AKN Marine.

23 On 7 February 2011, AKN Marine commenced the present action to recover the
monies claimed by it from PWM. However, the writ was not served at this
juncture.

24 On 21 February 2011, Oon & Bazul LLP (“O & B”), acting on behalf of both
Jamal and the AKN Group, wrote to Mark to assert that all the funds for
setting up, maintaining and operating PWM had been provided by Jamal and to
demand that Mark transfer 85% of the shares of PWM to Jamal on the ground that
Mark held 85% of the shares of PWM on trust for Jamal.

25 On 21 February 2011, PWM entered into a Memorandum of Agreement (“MOA”)
with Kith Marine for the sale of the Vessel at US$3.2m. The MOA specifically
stated that Kith Marine had the power to act on behalf of Wayneridge Inc Fze.
Under the MOA, Kith Marine was entitled to inspect the Vessel, put four of its
representatives on board the Vessel to familiarise themselves with the Vessel
and conduct sea trials. The stated date for delivery of the Vessel to the
buyer under the MOA was between 25 and 28 February 2011. Kith Marine paid a
deposit of US$320,000 to PWM.

26 PWM alleged that AKN Marine made numerous efforts to obstruct the sale of
the Vessel to Kith Marine by failing, refusing and/or neglecting to give it
access to the Vessel to enable Kith Marine to place men on board to inspect
her and conduct sea trials. On 22 February 2011, Mark emailed Deutsche Bank to
say that AKN Marine was obstructing the sale of the Vessel and to ask the bank
to take foreclosure measures to facilitate the sale of the Vessel to the
proposed buyer, Kith Marine. In this email, Mark stated:

It is a bit strange that I write you this email; however a peculiar situation
has develop[ed]. PWM Singapore is in dispute with AKN, as such, AKN is trying
to block the sale of the vessel, even though their action is contrary to their
business interest. Given that PWM Singapore is in default of the loan, I
suggest Deutsche Bank foreclose on the loan immediately, take over the vessel
and sell the vessel to the buyer (we already have the MoA and the deposit from
the buyer). As strange as this request sounds, it seems like it is the best
option at the moment…

Please let me have your thoughts.

[emphasis added]

On 22 February 2011, Deutsche Bank rejected Mark’s suggestion.

27 On 24 February 2011, PWM asked Deutsche Bank for the documents required to
discharge the loan through the sale of the Vessel. On the same day, Jamal’s
solicitors, O & B, informed PWM’s solicitors, Rodyk & Davidson LLP (“R & D”),
that Jamal would be commencing a suit for the transfer of 85% of the shares in
PWM to him, and asked PWM to cease all attempts to sell the Vessel pending the
outcome of the proposed suit, failing which action will be taken to restrain
the sale of the Vessel.

28 On the same day, O & B informed R & D that AKN Marine would not object to
the sale of the Vessel provided the following conditions were met:

(a) the Vessel was sold at a fair market price to be approved by Jamal;

(b) Deutsche Bank and AKN Marine were paid first from the sale proceeds; and

(c) the balance of the sale proceeds was placed in an escrow account pending
the disposal of Jamal’s claim to 85% of the shares in PWM.

29 On 25 February 2011, PWM’s solicitors, R & D, made what was stated to be a
final and non-negotiable proposal, which included the following terms:

(a) the sale proceeds of the Vessel, less the amount owed to Deutsche Bank,
brokerage fees and other related sale expenses, shall be paid into an escrow
account held by a third party to be mutually agreed upon;

(b) documentary evidence of AKN Marine’s claim for agency and/or ship
management fees shall be produced, after which the parties shall attempt to
resolve the claim amicably, failing which the claim shall be referred to
arbitration in Singapore in accordance with the Arbitration Rules of the
Singapore International Arbitration Centre; and

(c) The buyer of the Vessel and the Vessel shall be released and discharged
from all actions, proceedings, claims, demands, obligations, liabilities of
whatsoever kind or nature, in law, equity or otherwise, which they have, may
have had or may in future have in respect of the disputes between them and PWM
pertaining to the claim for agency and ship management fees.

30 On the same day, O & B replied to say that AKN Marine was of the view that
US$3.3m would be the fair market value of the Vessel and that the latter would
not object if the Vessel was sold at a price not below S$3.3m. O & B added
that the supporting documents for the disbursements had already been given to
PWM, who should be in a position to say what it was disputing and what it was
prepared to pay. In this context, O & B stated that depending on the amount in
dispute, it was prepared to recommend to AKN Marine to leave the disputed sum
in the escrow account to be paid out upon agreement by parties or by way of an
arbitration award.

31 On 25 February 2011, R & D informed O & B that the sale price of the Vessel
was US$3.2m and requested AKN Marine to allow the Vessel to be inspected. On
the same day, O & B informed R & D that the buyer’s representatives could
inspect the Vessel. AKN Marine also requested that a copy of the MOA be
forwarded to it.

32 On 25 February 2011, Strato Maritime’s solicitors, Loy & Company, informed
R & D and O & B in separate letters that Strato Maritime was resigning as the
Vessel’s ship manager because it had been receiving conflicting instructions
from AKN Marine and PWM. Strato Maritime intended to hand over possession of
the Vessel to PWM and made it clear that it would apply by way of interpleader
summons for directions from the High Court if AKN Marine objected to this.

33 On 26 February 2011, R & D informed O & B that Kith Marine had indicated
that it will not proceed with the proposed sale if the Vessel cannot be
delivered free of encumbrances by 3 March 2011. This meant that AKN Marine
would have to withdraw the present action by 3 March 2011 in order to
facilitate the sale. R & D made it clear that PWM was no longer willing to
negotiate with AKN Marine. At this juncture, PWM still wanted the balance of
the sale proceeds after payment of the amount due to Deutsche Bank and sale-
related expenses to be paid into the account of the bank’s solicitors, Allen &
Gledhill LLP (“A & G”), pending the resolution of the dispute between PWM and
AKN Marine through arbitration. In the meantime, PWM required AKN Marine to
discontinue the present action despite its rejection of AKN Marine’s proposal
that the undisputed part of the latter’s claims be paid out of the sale
proceeds once the Vessel was sold.

34 On 27 February 2011, O & B informed R & D that while AKN Marine did not
object to PWM paying the usual brokerage fees for the sale of a vessel, it
could not agree to an unlimited amount to be paid out from the sale proceeds
as sale-related expenses. AKN Marine thus wanted PWM to disclose the MOA or to
give a breakdown of the sale-related expenses that were to be deducted from
the proceeds of sale of the Vessel. Obviously, AKN Marine and Jamal did not
trust PWM’s director, Arabi, who played an active role in the proposed sale of
the Vessel to Kith Marine and they feared that the sale-related expenses would
be inflated. In fact, on 1 March 2011, AKN Marine, AKN World and AKN Offshore
commenced Suit No 130 of 2011 (“Suit 130”) against Arabi, for misappropriating
their funds while he was also their director. For the record, judgment was
entered against Arabi by Lai Siu Chiu J, who found that he made up his
evidence as he went along and that his claims for expenses incurred were
“quite, quite incredible”.

35 On 28 February 2011, R & D emailed O & B to say that PWM was not obliged to
disclose all matters relating to the sale of the Vessel.

36 On 28 February 2011, PWM was informed that Kith Marine was willing to wait
until 10 March 2011 to complete the sale and purchase of the Vessel.

37 On 1 March 2011, O & B emailed R & D to explain that the request for the
MOA or a breakdown of the sale-related expense in the alternative was made
because of AKN Marine’s concern that PWM would pay out an unlimited amount of
monies under the guise of sale-related expenses and leave AKN Marine without
any security for its claim. It was reiterated that AKN Marine wanted the
undisputed portion of its claim to be paid out immediately from the proceeds
of sale before the balance was placed in the proposed escrow account.

38 On 1 March 2011, R & D sent a letter to O & B, alleging that AKN Marine was
in breach of clauses 4.1 and 15 of the Management Agreement. Clause 4.1
required the manager of the Vessel to use its best endeavours to provide
management services as agents for and on behalf of the shipowner in accordance
with sound ship management practice and to protect and promote the interest of
the shipowner. Clause 15 of the Management Agreement provides that the
shipowner shall have the right at any time after giving reasonable notice to
the manager to inspect the Vessel for any reason it considers necessary. PWM
demanded that AKN Marine remedy the alleged breaches.

39 On 3 March 2011, O & B replied to R & D and reiterated that AKN Marine had
no desire to obstruct the sale and was merely seeking payment for its long
outstanding claim. R & D was asked to confirm that PWM will pay AKN Marine’s
outstanding claim immediately or furnish security for the claim to avoid an
arrest of the Vessel. The security sought amounted to US$471,893.76.

40 On 3 March 2011, Deutsche Bank emailed PWM to inform the latter that it
will foreclose on the loan.

41 On 4 March 2011, R & D informed O & B that PWM would not be furnishing any
security.

42 On 4 March 2011, O & B wrote to R & D to say that a forced sale of the
Vessel would not benefit either AKN Marine or PWM and to urge the parties to
work together to avoid a forced sale of the Vessel. On the same day, R & D
replied and laid the blame for the impending foreclosure measures on AKN
Marine. It added that PWM did not wish to negotiate further with AKN Marine
and demanded that AKN Marine agree to the terms stated in its letter dated 25
February 2011.

43 On 7 March 2011, R & D emailed O & B to say that PWM would extend a copy of
the MOA to AKN Marine with the buyer’s information redacted but only after AKN
Marine has unequivocally and unconditionally agreed to immediately discontinue
all or any actions in Singapore or otherwise against the Vessel and to accept
that sale-related expenses would be immediately paid out from the sale
proceeds.

44 On 9 March 2011, Kith Marine terminated the MOA on the ground that PWM
failed to deliver the Vessel within the stipulated time and/or failed to allow
Kith Marine’s crew to stay on board the Vessel and/or to allow Kith Marine’s
crew to conduct sea trials. Despite the termination of the MOA, Kith Marine
indicated to PWM that it was still interested to purchase the Vessel if AKN
Marine and PWM could resolve their differences.

45 On 14 March 2011, Mark informed Deutsche Bank in an email that Kith Marine
may still be interested in purchasing the Vessel but was now offering to pay
between US$2.5m to US$2.8m, which was US$400,000 to US$700,000 less than the
original offer of US$3.2m for the Vessel. Mark once again invited Deutsche
Bank to foreclose on the mortgage, arrest the Vessel and negotiate with Kith
Marine for the sale of the Vessel.

46 On 22 March 2011, R & D wrote to O & B to put on record that Kith Marine
had already terminated the MOA for the sale and purchase of the Vessel at
US$3.2m and that PWM held AKN Marine liable for the losses arising from the
said termination.

47 On 6 April 2011, Deutsche Bank commenced Admiralty in Rem No 72 of 2011
(“ADM 72”) to recover the sum of approximately €1,134,208.93, which was the
amount owed to it under the credit facility. On the same day, Deutsche Bank
applied to arrest the Vessel.

48 On 21 April 2011, O & B informed Strato Maritime’s solicitors, Loy &
Company, that AKN Marine would not object to the handing over of the Vessel to
PWM.

49 On 26 April 2011, Strato Maritime’s interpleader application, which was
commenced on 7 March 2011, was heard. The court declared that PWM was entitled
to possession of the Vessel and ordered costs against AKN Marine.

50 On 26 April 2011, the court ordered that the Vessel be sold pendente lite.

51 On 11 May 2011, the writ with respect to the present action was finally
served by AKN Marine on the Vessel. On 16 May 2011, PWM entered unconditional
appearance in the action.

52 On 1 June 2011, the Vessel was sold by the Sheriff for S$3,666,434.41. The
sale proceeds were paid into court. Deutsche Bank, which obtained judgment on
its claim against PWM, obtained a partial determination of priorities and an
order for the payment of the amount owed to it by PWM out of the sale
proceeds. The balance of the sale proceeds, which is now lying in court,
amounts to S$1,359,087.67, excluding interest.

53 On 13 June 2011, PWM filed its Defence and Counterclaim in the present
action.

The Witnesses

54 AKN Marine called as its witnesses Jamal, his fellow-director, Hamed, and
Strato Maritime’s marketing executive, Ms Cynthia Lee Miow Hoon (“Cynthia
Lee”). Surprisingly, although PWM made innumerable allegations against Jamal
and contended that he pursued a personal vendetta against PWM, Jamal was
cross-examined for less than half a day.

55 As for PWM, Mark and his fellow director, Arabi, filed affidavits of
evidence-in-chief. However, Arabi did not appear at the trial to be cross-
examined. Undoubtedly, Arabi was a material witness. After all, he was AKN
Marine’s CEO from 2005 until 2010 and he was involved in the purchase by AKN
Marine of the Vessel in 2006. While serving as AKN Marine’s CEO, he signed the
Strato Agreement on AKN Marine’s behalf. Furthermore, he played a key role in
the proposed sale of the Vessel by PWM to Kith Marine. It was thus rather
inexplicable that he chose not to come to court to prove the numerous
allegations that he made against AKN Marine and Jamal in his affidavit of
evidence-in-chief (“AEIC”) filed on 4 July 2012. Among them was that Jamal had
removed him from his position in AKN Marine because their relationship soured
for reasons that need not be considered here. It was rather telling that Arabi
did not disclose in his AEIC that AKN Marine, AKN World and AKN Offshore had
commenced Suit 130 against him for misappropriation of company funds or that
judgment was entered against him in Suit 130 and that he was ordered to pay
S$611,006.43 and US$443,562.06 to AKN Marine, AKN World and AKN Offshore.

56 No satisfactory reason was given to the court for the absence of Arabi, who
was made a bankrupt after judgment was entered against him in Suit 130. While
his bankruptcy disqualified him from continuing to serve as a director of PWM,
this is not a good reason for him to absent himself from the trial or to fail
to make arrangements to give his evidence by video link. There can be no doubt
that Arabi’s AEIC should be disregarded altogether.

AKN Marine’s Claim against PWM

57 AKN Marine’s statement of claim was filed on 30 May 2011 in respect of the
following:

(a) the sums of S$424,196.42 and US$225,919.32, or alternatively for damages
to be assessed, in respect of sums expended and/or disbursements incurred by
the Plaintiff between the months of May 2010 and April 2011 in its capacity as
ship managers and/or ship agents in the course of providing management
services to the Vessel and/or PWM pursuant to the Management Agreement, on
account of the Vessel and/or PWM at the request of, and as agents for the
Vessel and/or PWM;

(b) interest; and

(c) costs.

58 AKN Marine pleaded that its claim against PWM was for sums “on account of
services rendered to [PWM], and expenses incurred by [it]... as agents and/or
ship managers, in the supply of necessaries, goods, provisions, bunkers and
other ship related material and services on account of and at the request of
[PWM], their agents and/or servants in respect of [the Vessel]”.

PWM finally admits liability for a major part of AKN Marine’s claim

59 PWM, which contended that only AKN Marine’s “true” disbursements were
within the ambit of the admiralty jurisdiction of the court, conceded during
the trial that it owed AKN Marine S$412,196.42 and US$133,919.32 for true
disbursements incurred for the Vessel. AKN Marine is thus entitled to judgment
in rem for these sums and to interest on these sums at 5.33% per annum from
the date of the writ until the date of judgment.

AKN Marine’s remaining claims

60 In view of the position taken by PWM during the trial, the only claims of
AKN Marine that require consideration in this judgment are book-keeping and
administrative fees amounting to S$12,000, as well as the management fees
totalling US$92,000. PWM’s position is that these fees are not within the
ambit of an in rem action.

61 The admiralty jurisdiction of the High Court is governed by the High Court
(Admiralty Jurisdiction) Act (Cap 123, 2001 Rev Ed) (“the Act”), which
provides that the High Court has jurisdiction to hear and determine questions
or claims listed in section 3(1)(a) to (r) of the Act. AKN Marine asserted
that its claim against PWM for book-keeping, administrative and management
fees falls within the ambit of section 3(1)(o) of the Act, which gives the
court jurisdiction to hear and determine any “claim by a master, shipper,
charterer or agent in respect of disbursements made on account of a ship”.

62 As it was not disputed that AKN Marine was PWM’s agent, the former would be
entitled to judgment in rem for the book-keeping, administrative and
management fees if these fees may be regarded as disbursements made on account
of the Vessel.

Book-keeping and administrative fees

63 In relation to the book-keeping and administrative fees, AKN Marine
explained that it made sense for it to keep accounts for PWM because a proper
system was required to properly account for the income and expenses of the
Vessel. It pointed out that it had been charging PWM for keeping the latter’s
books for several years and that PWM had not asked it to stop the book-keeping
and administrative work and had not sought a refund of the fees already paid
for such work. Mark testified that he knew that PWM was paying AKN Marine
S$1,000 per month for book-keeping and administrative fees.

64 PWM pointed out that book-keeping and administrative fees are not
disbursements, as understood in maritime law, and that no book-keeping work
was called for under the Management Agreement. When cross-examined, AKN
Marine’s director, Hamed, conceded that the book-keeping and administrative
fees were incurred on behalf of PWM and not the Vessel. The relevant part of
the proceedings is as follows: 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Transcripts, 17 July 2012, p 61, line 6 onwards.

Q Do you agree with me that the purpose of bookkeeping and administration was
so that PWM Singapore’s day-to-day operations and accounts as a company would
be kept in proper order?

A Yes.

...

Q It’s a pure fee charged by AKN Marine, in this case?

A That’s correct.

Q: To PWM Singapore?

A: That’s correct.

Q So in that sense it is not a disbursement of any sort?

A No.

[emphasis added]

65 I thus find that the claim for book-keeping and administrative fees does
not fall within the ambit of an in rem action.

Management fees

66 Under the Management Agreement between AKN Marine and PWM, the former was
entitled to management fees of US$110,400 per annum or US$9,200 per month. AKN
Marine claimed that for 10 months, PWM did not pay management fees totalling
US$92,000.

67 While AKN Marine contended that a claim for management fees falls within
the ambit of section 3(1)(o) of the Act, PWM took the position that such fees
are outside the ambit of an in rem action.

68 Whether ship management fees may be claimed in an in rem action is an
interesting question, to which different answers have been given. For a start,
the meaning of “disbursements” should be determined. In The “Orienta” [1895] P
49, a decision of the English Court of Appeal, Lord Esher MR, with whom Lopes
and Rigby LJJ agreed, explained (at p 55) the meaning of “disbursements” in
the context of payments by the master of a ship as follows:

The real meaning of the word “disbursements” in Admiralty practice is
disbursements by the master, which he makes himself liable for in respect of
necessary things for the ship, for the purposes of navigation, which he, as
master of the ship, is there to carry out - necessary in the sense that they
must be had immediately - and when the owner is not there, able to give the
order, and he is not so near to the master that the master can ask for his
authority, and the master is therefore obliged, necessarily, to render himself
liable in order to carry out his duty as master.

[emphasis added]

69 PWM asserted that Lord Esher’s elucidation of disbursements by a master is
equally applicable to disbursements by a managing agent. Thus, disbursements
by a managing agent relate to necessary expenses for the ship for the purposes
of navigation. That is why insurance premiums for a vessel that are paid for
by brokers are not disbursements as insurance is required for a shipowner’s
financial comfort and not to keep the insured vessel going: see Bain Clarkson
Ltd v The Owners of the Ship “Sea Friends” [1991] 2 Lloyd’s Rep 322.

70 In an English case, The “Westport” (No. 3) [1966] 1 Lloyds’ Rep 342, Hewson
J held that ship management fees fall within the ambit of an in rem action. He
stated (at pp 342 – 343) as follows:

Under Section 1(1)(p) of the Administration of Justice Act 1956, this Court
has jurisdiction (inter alia) in respect of “any claim by” an “agent in
respect of disbursements made on account of a ship”. Obviously an agent does
not work for nothing in making disbursements and the usual arrangements that
an agent is expected to make. In my view he is entitled to include in his
claim a reasonable figure for his services.

71 Hewson J gave no reason to justify his view that an agent is entitled to
include a sum for his services in his in rem claim for disbursements.
Furthermore, he held that an agent is only entitled to include in his claim a
“reasonable” sum for his services. This may not be the same amount as that
provided for in the agency contract.

72 While it is quite obvious that an agent does not work for nothing when
making disbursements, whether his fees for making the disbursements may be
claimed in an in rem action is a separate question altogether. It ought to be
borne in mind that The “Westport” (No. 3) concerned a motion for judgment in
default of appearance by the owners of a vessel and Hewson J, who issued a
very brief judgment containing only three rather short paragraphs, did not
have the benefit of the shipowner’s submissions on whether or not management
fees may be claimed in an in rem action. PWM’s counsel rightly pointed out
that earlier English cases that defined a master’s disbursements do not appear
to have been considered by the judge.

73 A different and better-reasoned approach was taken in an Australian case,
Patrick Stevedores No 2 Pty Ltd v the proceeds of the sale of the vessel MV
“Skulptor Konenkov” [1997] FCA 1634; [1997] FCA 424 (The “Skulptor Konenkov”).
In this case, the plaintiffs’ claim for agency commission for services
rendered in relation to the operation of a vessel was disallowed by Tamberlin
J on two grounds. The first was that the agency agreement in question was a
contract for services to the shipowners themselves and the commission claimed
could not be said to be “on account of the ship”. Secondly, and more pertinent
to the present issue, Tamberlin J had no doubt that an agent’s commission
could not be regarded as a “disbursement” and should not be regarded as a
maritime claim. He explained as follows:

In my view the agent’s remuneration in the present case is payable in respect
of services provided to the shipowner. The commission is paid in consideration
for the agent arranging the supply of goods and services to the vessel. It
cannot properly be that the commission itself constitutes the supply of goods
or services to the vessel. Nor, in my view, can it be said that the agent’s
reward is in respect of the supply or goods or services to the vessel.
Properly analysed the remuneration payable to the agent… is not for services
to the vessel itself. … In no way can the act of arranging or procuring, by an
agent, the supply of goods or services by a third party to the ship be
described as the supply of those goods or services to the ship within para (m)
or as a “disbursement” on account of the ship. The services are supplied to
the shipowner for its purposes and not to the ship for its operation or
maintenance. The actual “disbursement” for the goods and services themselves,
on the other hand, can properly be described as a “disbursement” on account of
the ship. It is the super-added element of an agency fee or commission which
does not fit the description.

[emphasis added]

74 On appeal, whether or not the commission claimed may be regarded as a
disbursement was not considered as Tamberlin J’s decision was affirmed on the
ground that the agency agreement in question involved services rendered to the
shipowners generally and not with respect to a specific vessel (see Opal
Maritime Agencies Pty Ltd v “Skulptor Konenkov” [2000] FCA 507).

75 In Hong Kong, whether or not management fees give rise to an in rem claim
was considered in two cases. In Oceanic Group Pte Ltd & Anor v The Owners
and/or Demise Charterers of the Ship or Vessel “Oriental Dragon” [2014] 1
HKLRD 649, the Hong Kong Court of First Instance held that a ship manager is
entitled to arrest a vessel for a lump sum fee that included a fee payable
with respect to “ship management”. Peter Ng J appeared to have relied solely
on The “Westport” (No. 3) for his decision. After reiterating that
disbursements must relate to the operational aspect of the ship, he stated as
follows (at [28]):

Further, a ship’s agent is entitled to include a reasonable figure for his own
services in his claim for disbursements made on account of a ship: The
Westport (No 3) [1966] 1 Lloyd’s Rep 342.

76 Subsequently, in The Ruby Star [2015] 1 HKLRD 543, the Hong Kong Court of
Appeal expressed the view that management fees are not within the ambit of an
in rem claim. In this case, a ship manager who was entitled to management fees
under a ship management agreement with the demise charterers of the vessel
made an in rem claim against the vessel on the basis of monies owed to it
under a running account. The shipowner intervened in the action to challenge
the jurisdiction of the court with respect to the ship manager’s claim. The
ship manager’s practice was to offset the vessel’s income against debts owed
to it by the demise charterer for, inter alia, crew salary, bunker costs,
insurance and management fees. In the statement of claim, the ship manager
claimed two lump sums due under the running account without specifying the
category of expenses that had been paid for and what type of expenses remained
outstanding. The decision of the Hong Kong Court of Appeal hinged on the fact
that the evidence did not show that the credits given to the demise charterers
in the running account were utilised to pay non-in rem expenses first, leaving
the balance claimed in the action as money intended to cover the in rem
expenses. As such, whether the amount still owing to the ship manager was in
respect of in rem claims or non-in rem claims cannot be determined. Even so,
it is pertinent to note that while considering the items of expenditure in one
part of the running account that included crew salary, bunker costs, insurance
and management fees, Cheung JA, with whom Barma JA agreed, observed (at para
11.2) as follows:

There is no dispute that of the Item B operating costs and management fees,
the following items are non in rem claims, namely insurance, brokerage and
Port DA, general and management fees. The in rem claims are crew salary and
bunker.

[emphasis added]

77 In my view, the well-substantiated position taken by Tamberlin J in The
“Skulptor Konenkov” that management fees claimed by a managing agent cannot be
the subject of an in rem claim has much to commend it. Clearly, the plain
meaning of the phrase “disbursements made on account of a ship” in section
3(1)(o) of the Act does not cover any remunerative element, whether by way of
commission or fee, for an agent making the disbursements. Section 3(1)(o)
should be confined to disbursements incurred for the supply of goods or
services to the ship, and especially so because of the words “made on account
of a ship” in the statutory provision. As such, the decision of Tamberlin J in
The “Skulptor Konenkov” is to be preferred over that of Hewson J in The
“Westport” (No. 3), which appears to involve a broad-brush approach of
combining disbursements made on account of a ship with an agent’s fees. Thus,
I find that AKN Marine is not entitled to include management fees in its in
rem claim.

78 AKN Marine further argued that if it was not entitled to include the
US$92,000 owed to it by PWM for management fees in its in rem claim, the
US$80,000 that it paid to Strato Maritime as sub-management fees may be
regarded as “disbursements” that were made on behalf of PWM. On this basis,
AKN Marine contended that the payments to Strato Maritime could be included in
its in rem claim. However, as mentioned earlier on (at [73]), Tamberlin J
stressed in The “Skulptor Konenkov” that “properly analysed the remuneration
payable to the agent… is not for services to the vessel itself” and cannot be
part of an in rem claim. The fact that the managing agent pays another party
money for management services under a sub-contract does not alter the fact
that a payment for management services or sub-management services cannot be
regarded as a payment for services to the vessel itself. As such, the sub-
management fees paid by AKN Marine to Strato Maritime are also not within the
ambit of its in rem claim.

Whether AKN Marine is entitled to judgment in personam for its non-in rem
claims

79 AKN Marine contended that if it failed to establish that book-keeping,
administrative and management fees fall within the ambit of section 3(1)(o) of
the Act, it is entitled to judgment in personam for these claims.

80 Admittedly, there is no room in Singapore for a hybrid writ that includes
in rem and non-in rem claims. In The “Nagasaki Spirit” [1993] 3 SLR(R) 891, G
P Selvam JC, as he then was, explained (at [8]) that whatever may have been
the practice in the past, a hybrid writ cannot be issued in Singapore as the
Rules of the Supreme Court 1970 do not provide for it and such a writ will
lead to undesirable and embarrassing complications. However, whether or not a
plaintiff in an in rem action is entitled to judgment in personam if his in
rem claim fails is a different question altogether and the answer depends on
whether or not the defendant has entered an unconditional appearance in the in
rem action. The position is summed up in Toh Kian Sing SC, Admiralty Law and
Practice (LexisNexis, 2nd ed, 2007) (at pp 16 – 17) as follows:

If the shipowner appears in the action and submits to jurisdiction personally,
the action may nonetheless proceed in personam and judgment may be rendered
against him, even if there is no admiralty jurisdiction in respect of the
action in rem or if admiralty jurisdiction has not been validly invoked. If,
however, the shipowner does not appear, then judgment of the action which
remains purely in rem is limited to the value of the res or the bail or other
security furnished in its place. It also follows that no judgment can be
obtained against such a non-appearing shipowner personally.

[emphasis added]

81 In The “August Eighth” [1983-1984] SLR(R) 1, where the question before the
court was whether or not Order 14 of the Rules of the Supreme Court 1970
applies to an in rem action, the Privy Council advised (at [23]) as follows:

By the law of England, once a defendant in an admiralty action in rem has
entered an appearance in such action, he has submitted himself personally to
the jurisdiction of the English Admiralty Court, and the result of that is
that, from then on, the action continues against him not only as an action in
rem but also as an action in personam: The Gemma [1899] P 285 at 292 per A L
Smith LJ. There is no reason to suppose that the admiralty law of Singapore
differs from the admiralty law of England so far as this important principle
is concerned. On the contrary there is every reason to suppose that it is the
same. If then that principle is applied in the present case, the situation is
that, from the time when the shipowners entered an appearance in the master’s
action, as they did on 2 February 1978 the action continued not only in rem
against the property proceeded against, namely, the ship, but also in personam
against the shipowners themselves.

82 The above-mentioned passage was cited with approval by the Court of Appeal
in The “Ohm Mariana” ex “Peony” [1993] 2 SLR(R) 113. In this case, the
defendant’s assertion that the plaintiff’s claim for disbursements incurred
and paid for by the plaintiff ship managers was not within the ambit of para
(o) of Section 3(1) of the High Court (Admiralty Jurisdiction) Act (Cap 123,
1985 Rev Ed) was rejected. It is noteworthy that the Court of Appeal observed
that even if the defendant was right, the action could proceed as an action in
personam. LP Thean J, as he then was, who delivered the judgment of the Court
of Appeal, explained (at [39] – [40]) as follows:

39 Further, even if the action in rem was instituted in error on the ground
that, when the cause of action arose, the respondents were not the owners of
Ohm Mariana, that error was not fatal to the appellants’ claim at the trial.
As we have held, the claim of the plaintiffs came within para (o) of s 3(1) of
the Act, and the court has jurisdiction to hear and determine the claim. The
defendants had not, at the initial or any subsequent stage of the proceedings,
applied to set aside the writ and the warrant of arrest. They entered an
appearance unconditionally and in so doing submitted to the jurisdiction of
the court and from then onwards the action continued as an action in rem as
well as an action in personam: see The Gemma [1899] P 285 and The August 8
[1983] 2 AC 450; [1983] 1 Lloyd’s Rep 351. ….

40 Accordingly, at the time the action came before the learned judicial
commissioner, it was an action in personam as well as an action in rem.
Assuming that the action in rem was wrongly instituted, the action in personam
was clearly maintainable on the point of jurisdiction. There was no impediment
to the plaintiffs bringing an action in personam against the defendants making
the same claim as was made in this action. Equally, we can see no impediment
to the action continuing as an action in personam. The subject matter of the
claim was before the court and the court had jurisdiction to hear and
determine it. In our judgment, the claim ought not to have been dismissed on
the ground of lack of jurisdiction.

83 A similar approach was taken by Chan Seng Onn JC, as he then was, in The
“Trade Resolve” [1999] 2 SLR(R) 107. In this case, the plaintiff instituted an
action in rem to recover unpaid demurrage and the defendant, who entered an
appearance in the action, applied to set aside the arrest of the vessel on the
ground that the arrest was effected outside Singapore’s territorial waters and
was thus wrongful. The judge stated as follows (at [47] – [48]):

47 On the facts, since both the service of the writ in rem and the arrest were
outside jurisdiction (ie outside territorial waters), any submission to
jurisdiction would only be to the extent of the jurisdiction of the court
against the defendants in an action in personam. Thus the court could still
determine the merits of the lien and the action, and award a judgment in
personam against the defendants if the plaintiffs proved their claim. …

48 In conclusion, by the defendants’ entry of an appearance and their
submission to the court’s jurisdiction to determine the merits of the
plaintiffs’ claim and their claim to the lien, they had submitted personally
to the jurisdiction of the court. Under the unusual circumstances of this case
where both the writ and warrant were served out of jurisdiction, the action
would nonetheless continue and proceed as an action only in personam, and if
judgment in personam was entered for the plaintiffs, the defendants would
become liable for the full amount of the plaintiffs’ proved claim even though
the judgment sum might eventually exceed the value of the vessel.

84 As PWM entered unconditional appearance in the present action on 16 May
2011, AKN Marine is entitled to judgment in personam for the book-keeping and
administrative fees, which amounted to S$12,000. As for the management fees
claimed by AKN Marine, it was clear that US$9,200 was payable per month by PWM
in accordance with the Management Agreement. As PWM owes AKN Marine management
fees for ten months, AKN Marine is also entitled to judgment in personam for
the sum of US$92,000 for outstanding management fees. In relation to the
judgment in personam for the book-keeping and administrative fees as well as
the management fees, AKN Marine is entitled to interest at 5.33% per annum
from the date of the writ to the date of judgment.

PWM’s counterclaim against AKN Marine

85 In its counterclaim against AKN Marine, PWM sought damages for conversion,
trespass and/or breach of contract. PWM contended that it suffered damage as a
result of AKN Marine’s interference with its rights as the owners of the
Vessel by failing, refusing and/or neglecting to give it access to the Vessel
to enable Kith Marine’s representatives to inspect the Vessel and conduct sea
trials.

86 PWM contended that the claim in contract arose because AKN Marine, as ship
managers, failed to supervise the sale and purchase of the Vessel in
accordance with clause 3.6 of the Management Agreement, which provides as
follows:

The Managers shall, in accordance with the Owners’ instructions, supervise the
sale or purchase of the Vessel, including the performance of any sale or
purchase agreement, but not negotiation of the same.

PWM pointed out that clause 15 of the Management Agreement gave it the right
at any time after giving reasonable notice to the Managers to inspect the
Vessel and added that AKN Marine also breached clauses 4, 3.4 and 15 of the
Management Agreement as well as the implied terms of the said Agreement when
it failed to co-operate in giving access to Kith Marine’s representatives for
the purpose of facilitating the sale of the Vessel.

87 As for conversion, PWM alleged that AKN Marine converted the Vessel to its
own use and acted in a manner inconsistent with PWM’s ownership of the Vessel
by refusing to grant access to the Vessel to Kith Marine’s representatives to
inspect the Vessel and conduct sea trials when ordered to do so by PWM.

88 In regard to trespass, PWM contended that as it had legal possession of the
Vessel, the alleged interference by AKN Marine with its possession of the
Vessel by failing to accord it access to the Vessel so that Kith Marine’s
representatives can inspect the Vessel and conduct sea trials constituted a
trespass.

89 PWM submitted that the measure of damages is the ordinary measure for
breach of contract, conversion and trespass, which in practical terms, leads
to the same result in the circumstances of this case. The alleged losses
suffered by PWM were listed as follows:

(a) The difference between the price for the private sale had Kith Marine
purchased the Vessel at US$3.2m and the S$3,666,434.41 obtained in the
Sheriff’s sale, which amounted to S$322,621.67.

(b) The exchange rate losses arising from Deutsche Bank’s claim, which
concerns the amount PWM would have paid the said bank from the private sale
proceeds for its outstanding loan, interest and fees as at 28 February 2011 as
compared to the amount paid to the bank on 22 July 2011, which came to
US$66,679.72.

(c) The interest charges, costs and/or all other sums payable to Deutsche Bank
from 28 February to 29 July 2011, the date when the bank’s claim was
satisfied, which amounted to S$165,434.44.

(d) The costs and/or expenses incurred by PWM for maintaining the Vessel from
28 February 2001 to 19 April 2011, the date when another company, Hellenic
Overseas Maritime Enterprises Pte Ltd, took over ship managing duties in
relation to the Vessel. PWM claimed that the costs and expenses in question
were S$54,365.67 and US$36,936.

(e) The Sheriff’s commission, costs and/or expenses, which totalled
S$263,115.93.

(f) The costs of Deutsche Bank’s application for judicial sale of the Vessel
and the arrest and preservation of the arrest up to and including the
appraisal and sale of the Vessel, which was quantified at S$150,000.

(g) PWM’s legal costs in ADM 72, which was commenced by Deutsche Bank against
PWM, and in the negotiations with AKN Marine prior to the commencement of the
said action, which amounted to S$60,000.

90 Although PWM’s counterclaim is a claim in personam, it may be considered by
the court in an action in rem. In The “Cheapside” [1904] P 339, where the
English Court of Appeal allowed the defendant to set up a counter-claim in
personam for demurrage to be heard in an action in rem, Collins MR explained
(at p 343) that a judge in an admiralty action does not cease to be a judge of
the High Court because he is judge of the Court of Admiralty, and whether or
not he can blend those two jurisdictions is a matter for his discretion. This
decision was followed by the Malaysian Court of Appeal in The Owners of the
Ship or Vessel “Siti Ayu”and “Melati Jaya” v Sarawak Oil Palm Sdn Bhd & Anor
[2006] 1 MLJ 630. This is a practical approach and obviates the need for the
court to hear the counterclaim on another occasion in a separate suit.

91 PWM contended that it is entitled to set-off the damages due to it under
its counterclaim against AKN Marine’s claims in the present action. It pointed
out that the damages claimed by it for conversion, trespass and/or breach of
contract, if awarded by the court, will extinguish AKN Marine’s claim against
it. AKN Marine asserted that being able to bring a counterclaim does not,
without more, entitle a defendant to a set-off. It took the position that PWM
had no right of set-off as the conditions for a set-off, which are limited to
money claims, were not met.

Whether AKN Marine’s failure to co-operate caused PWM’s alleged loss

92 PWM blamed AKN Marine for Deutsche Bank’s foreclosure on the mortgage and
alleged that it suffered a loss because AKN Marine failed to co-operate with
it by giving access to the Vessel to Kith Marine’s representatives to inspect
her and to conduct sea trials. Its point was that if AKN Marine had co-
operated with it, the Vessel would have been sold to Kith Marine and Deutsche
Bank would not have foreclosed on the mortgage as what was owed to the bank
would have been paid off with part of the sale proceeds. This was not quite
true as Mark had been asking Deutsche Bank to foreclose on the mortgage as
early as 22 February 2011 and he repeated this request in further emails on 24
February 2011, 28 February 2011 and 1 March 2011. Furthermore, on 3 March
2011, R & D wrote to Deutsche Bank’s solicitors, A & G, to ask Deutsche Bank
to foreclose on the mortgage. It is PWM’s case that it asked Deutsche Bank to
do so to facilitate the sale of the Vessel to Kith Marine.

93 In its closing submissions, PWM referred to numerous instances when AKN
Marine failed to co-operate with it on the sale of the Vessel. It pointed out
that AKN Marine acted wrongly when, among other things, it initially
instructed Strato Maritime to prevent Kith Marine’s representatives from
boarding the Vessel for inspection and when it initially prevented Kith
Marine’s representatives from conducting sea trials. PWM also complained that
AKN Marine and Jamal had demanded through their solicitors, O & B, that it
cease all attempts to sell the Vessel as Jamal would be commencing an action
against PWM to regain what he claimed to be his 85% shareholding in PWM.
Finally, PWM complained that despite its offer to pay the balance of the
proceeds of sale of the Vessel after paying Deutsche Bank and sale-related
expenses into an escrow account pending the resolution of the dispute between
the parties, AKN Marine refused to allow the sale of the Vessel to proceed by
withdrawing the present action.

94 AKN Marine denied that it failed to co-operate with PWM in the proposed
sale of the Vessel to Kith Marine and added that it ought not be overlooked
that it was in its own interest that the Vessel be sold because two other
companies in the AKN Group were the guarantors of the Deutsche Bank loan to
PWM. AKN Marine also pointed out that in response to R & D’s email of 25
February 2011, which was sent at 3.29 pm to demand that AKN Marine allow the
Vessel to be inspected by Kith Marine’s representatives by 4 pm on that day,
it replied at 4.04 pm on the same day to state that Kith Marine’s
representatives could inspect the Vessel. AKN Marine also confirmed in the
said email that the proposed sea trial could be conducted with the present
crew as well as Kith Marine’s representatives and crew on board. Thereafter,
other sticking points developed during the correspondence between the
solicitors of AKN Marine and PWM and both parties could not reach a
compromise.

95 In the face of the allegations against it in PWM’s counterclaim, AKN Marine
also sought to exonerate itself by claiming that it had possession of the
Vessel, an untenable argument for as Steven Chong JC, as he then was,
explained in The “Catur Samudra” [2010] 2 SLR 518 (at [64]), it would be wrong
to treat ship managers as being “in possession or in control” of a vessel as
their responsibilities in relation to the vessel managed by them arise by
reason of their appointment by their principals, the shipowners. He added that
if ship managers exercise any right of control or possession over a vessel,
they do so on behalf of the shipowners and not on the basis of an independent
legal right to possession of the vessel.

96 Two important points may be made about PWM’s counterclaim. First, it is
absolutely crucial to note that Kith Marine only wanted to purchase the Vessel
if she was unencumbered by suits and debts. This is understandable as no one
would want to pay US$3.2m for a Vessel and take on the task of fending off an
in rem action for such a large sum as that claimed by AKN Marine in the
present action. Notably, clause 9 of the MOA between PWM and Kith Marine
required the Vessel to be free from charters, encumbrances, mortgages and
maritime liens or any debts whatsoever at the time of delivery while PWM is
obliged under clause 8 of the MOA to hand over to Kith Marine two copies of
the Legal Bill of Sale warranting that the Vessel is free from all
encumbrances or any other debts whatsoever in exchange for the balance of the
purchase price. Furthermore, in its email to O & B on 26 February 2011, PWM’s
solicitors, R & D, stated that the buyer would abandon the purchase of the
Vessel if she was not delivered free from encumbrances by 3 March 2011. Even
after aborting the MOA, Kith Marine, which indicated that it was still
interested in purchasing the Vessel but at a very much reduced price,
reiterated in an email on 9 March 2011 that “due consideration must be taken
to ensure that the [Vessel] is free from encumbrance”. Once Deutsche Bank had
agreed to the proposed sale of the Vessel to Kith Marine, the only encumbrance
left on the Vessel was the present action and so long as this in rem action
was not withdrawn by AKN Marine, the condition requiring PWM to hand over an
unencumbered vessel to Kith Marine could not be met.

97 The second point to be noted about the counterclaim is that whether PWM
would really have benefited from a sale of the Vessel to Kith Marine was
dependent on the actions of a third party, namely, Kith Marine. As such, the
counterclaim may be considered on the basis of a loss of a chance to sell the
Vessel to Kith Marine. In this context, it is trite law that while PWM need
not prove that Kith Marine would have completed the purchase of the Vessel on
a balance of probabilities, it nonetheless has to show that it lost a “real or
substantial” chance of completing the sale of the Vessel to Kith Marine. In
Asia Hotel Investments Ltd v Starwood Asia Pacific Management Pte Ltd and
another [2005] 1 SLR(R) 661 (“Asia Hotel”), the Court of Appeal reiterated (at
[137]) that what constitutes a real or substantial chance need not be proved
on a balance of probabilities. Chao Hick Tin JA, who delivered the judgement
of the Court, relied on Allied Maples Group Ltd v Simmons & Simmons [1995] 1
WLR 1602, where Stuart-Smith LJ stated (at 1611 and 1614) that while there is
no reason in principle why a plaintiff can only succeed if the chance of
success can be rated at over 50%, the plaintiff must nonetheless prove “as a
matter of causation” that he has a real or substantial chance as opposed to a
speculative one.

Whether AKN Marine was entitled to maintain the present action

98 As it was clear that Kith Marine wanted to purchase an unencumbered vessel
and in view of the importance of establishing causation of loss, attention
should first be focussed on whether AKN Marine was entitled to maintain the
present action. If AKN Marine was entitled to maintain the present action and
to refuse to withdraw it in the circumstances of the case, it cannot be blamed
for PWM’s failure to hand over an unencumbered vessel to Kith Marine.

99 PWM took the position that AKN Marine acted wrongly when it refused to
withdraw the present action to facilitate the sale of the Vessel to Kith
Marine. When referring to AKN Marine’s assertion that the sale of the Vessel
to Kith Marine could not have gone through without the withdrawal of the
present action, PWM stated in its closing submissions (at paras 151 and 152)
as follows:

151 This is again a self-serving allegation, since the purchase price would
have gone towards discharge of Deutsche Bank’s mortgage, leaving [AKN
Marine’s] action in rem as the only encumbrance in question.

152 The Vessel could have been delivered by the Defendant free of all
encumbrances if the Plaintiff acted fairly and reasonably. It was suggested to
the Plaintiff by the Defendant that the parties come to an agreement where the
Vessel was sold and her sale proceeds placed in an escrow account pending the
resolution of disputes between the parties. This arrangement would have
allowed the action in rem to be discontinued and the Vessel delivered free of
encumbrances, while safeguarding the Plaintiff’s claim.

100 PWM contended that AKN Marine should have withdrawn the present action
because it had offered to provide security for the latter’s claim by proposing
that the sale proceeds of the Vessel after payment of the amount owed to
Deutsche Bank be placed in escrow pending the resolution of the parties’
dispute through arbitration. However, this proposed arrangement was
unacceptable to AKN Marine. Whatever may have been its earlier position, it
was clear that in the final stages of the negotiations between the parties,
AKN Marine wanted the undisputed part of its claim against PWM to be paid from
the sale proceeds of the Vessel, with only the disputed part of its claim
reserved for arbitration. It pointed out that there was no evidence that A & G
had agreed to hold the proceeds of the sale of the Vessel on behalf of the
parties and it feared that unless PWM agreed to pay the undisputed part of its
claim with the sale proceeds immediately after the sale, there would be
insufficient funds left from the sale proceeds to settle its claim.

101 Apart from owing Deutsche Bank around US$1.43m as at 1 April 2011, PWM
also owed US$2.1m to Mark’s brother, Hesam, who loaned this sum to it in 2006
to finance the purchase of the Vessel and to pay for bunkers and other
expenses. If the Vessel was sold to Kith Marine for US$3.2m, there would be
insufficient money to pay Deutsche Bank, Hesam and AKN Marine. Although Mark
testified that he would have paid AKN Marine first, Hesam stated in an
affidavit filed in a separate suit, namely, Suit No 493 of 2011, which was
commenced by AKN World against PWM, that he had a general understanding with
Mark that if the Vessel was sold, PWM and/or its parent company, Pacific
World, would hold on to his money. In short, Hesam expected the sale proceeds
of the Vessel to be utilised to pay him the money that he loaned to PWM.

102 PWM was aware of the importance of furnishing adequate security for AKN
Marine’s claim in exchange for the withdrawal of the present action and it
knew all along that it owed money to AKN Marine. Although PWM claimed that it
did not admit before the trial that it owed any sum to AKN Marine, this was
plainly untrue. Mark explained in an email to Hamed dated 2 February 2011 that
if AKN Marine arrested the Vessel, Deutsche Bank will foreclose on the
mortgage of the Vessel and added if there was a judicial sale of the Vessel,
there will be insufficient funds left for PWM to, in his own words, “pay its
debt” to AKN Marine after the bank has recovered the loan balance, the
outstanding interest on the loan and the expenses incurred. Mark also admitted
in an email to Strato Maritime’s marketing executive, Cynthia Lee, on 21
February 2011 that PWM owed AKN Marine money as he stated as follows:

By way of introduction, my name is Mark Emtiaz… I am a director of PWM
Singapore Pte Ltd. Mr Amir Arabi is also a director of PWM Singapore. Mr Arabi
has a power of attorney from me to act on my behalf to sell PWM Supply… Upon
sale of the vessel, PWM Singapore will pay all of its obligations including
its debt to AKN Marine. ...

[emphasis added]

103 PWM finally conceded during the trial that it owed AKN Marine the bulk of
the money claimed by the latter in the present action. Had PWM made this
concession earlier on and agreed to pay the undisputed part of AKN Marine’s
claim out of the sale proceeds of the Vessel, leaving the disputed part of the
said claim to be resolved through arbitration, the present action might have
been withdrawn. PWM could also have ensured that the present action was
withdrawn by furnishing adequate security for AKN Marine’s claim. Furthermore,
PWM could have applied to the court to have the present action struck out if
it believed that it had grounds to take such a step. Instead, despite knowing
that the present action had to be discontinued because Kith Marine wanted to
take delivery of the Vessel only if she was unencumbered, PWM chose to insist
that AKN Marine discontinue the present action on its “non-negotiable” terms
that were unacceptable to AKN Marine.

104 In blaming AKN Marine for failing to withdraw the present action, PWM was
in fact asserting that any plaintiff who commences an action in rem is obliged
to facilitate the sale of the vessel by withdrawing that action and giving up
his security on terms which the shipowner thinks are reasonable but which the
plaintiff finds unpalatable for whatever reason. No authority was cited for
such a bold assertion. Mark conceded that AKN Marine was entitled to maintain
the present action as he testified as follows when he was cross-examined on
this matter: 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Transcript, 6 March 2013, p 57, line 9 onwards.

Q: Since the plaintiff’s claim was not settled, nor was adequate security
furnished, the plaintiff cannot be compelled to discontinue its court
proceedings against the vessel. Do you agree?

A: Yes.

[emphasis added]

105 As for PWM’s assertion that AKN Marine refused to withdraw the present
action because Jamal has a vendetta against Mark, this assertion was not
proven. More importantly, when an action in rem is instituted by a plaintiff,
the court is only concerned with whether or not the admiralty jurisdiction of
the court has been properly invoked and, if so, whether or not the plaintiff
can prove his claim. No plaintiff with a valid in rem claim will be turned
away merely because he is obnoxious. In this context, it is worth noting that
in The “Arktis Fighter” [2001] 2 SLR(R) 157, Choo Han Teck JC, as he then was,
stated (at [9]):

Once the court is satisfied that a vessel has been lawfully arrested, it will
order its release only upon adequate security being furnished; otherwise the
plaintiff will be relinquishing a substantial security in exchange for a
vulnerable one.

[emphasis added]

106 Undoubtedly, in the circumstances of the case, AKN Marine was not obliged
to withdraw the present action to facilitate the sale of the Vessel to Kith
Marine merely because PWM thought that its terms for the withdrawal of this
encumbrance on the Vessel were reasonable. As such, I find that AKN Marine did
not act wrongly by refusing to withdraw the present action in order to
facilitate the sale of the Vessel to Kith Marine.

107 As Kith Marine wanted to purchase the Vessel only if she was unencumbered,
what really stood in the way of the completion of the sale of the Vessel to
Kith Marine was the fact that she was encumbered by the present action. This
would be the result even if Kith Marine had been satisfied with the Vessel’s
condition after inspecting her and conducting sea trials. Thus, PWM cannot say
that it lost a real or substantial chance of completing the sale and purchase
of the Vessel as a result of AKN Marine’s failure to co-operate with it by
giving Kith Marine access to the Vessel for the simple reason that the sale
could not be completed so long as the present action was not withdrawn. As AKN
Marine was justified in maintaining the present action and refusing to
withdraw it, the lengthy submissions of both parties as to whether or not AKN
Marine co-operated with PWM by giving access to the Vessel to Kith Marine need
not be considered. PWM’s counterclaim based on breach of contract clearly
lacked merit and must be dismissed.

Conversion and trespass

108 As for PWM’s counterclaim for damages for conversion and trespass, it may
be recalled that PWM took the position that in practical terms, the damages
claimed by it for conversion and trespass lead to the same result as its
counterclaim for breach of contract. This is understandable as PWM’s complaint
must be that it lost a real or substantial chance to sell the Vessel to Kith
Marine because of AKN Marine’s alleged trespass and conversion. In view of my
finding that the sale of the Vessel would not have gone through because AKN
Marine was entitled to refuse to withdraw the present action, PWM’s
counterclaim in relation to trespass and conversion is also dismissed.

No proof of quantum of loss

109 For the sake of completeness, it may be noted that even if PWM had
established that AKN Marine had breached the Management Agreement and caused
it to lose a real or substantial chance to sell the Vessel to Kith Marine, it
did not prove the quantum of its alleged loss.

110 A bifurcated trial would have given PWM time to prepare its case on the
assessment of damages for loss of a chance. However, PWM declined to have a
bifurcated trial. Claiming that there was nothing speculative about the
completion of the sale of the Vessel to Kith Marine, it urged the court to
award damages to it for the loss of a chance on the basis that the proposed
sale of the Vessel to Kith Marine was a “near certainty”. In its closing
submissions, PWM contended (at paras 158 and 159) as follows:

158 The Court of Appeal [i]n the Asia Hotel case set out the approach in
awarding damages for loss of chance:

(1) First, did the breach on the part of the defendant cause the plaintiff to
lose a chance to acquire an asset or a benefit?

(2) Second, was the chance lost a real or substantial one; or putting it
another way, was it speculative?

(a) What constitutes a real or substantial chance need not be proved on a
balance of probabilities. (Asia Hotel at [137])

(b) The range lies somewhere between something that just qualifies as real or
substantial on the one hand and near certainty on the other.

159 On the evidence in this case, the Court is invited to find that not only
is there a substantial chance of the purchase of the Vessel being completed,
the chance was a near certainty.

111 What PWM overlooked was that there was a separate hearing for the
assessment of damages in Asia Hotel and the evidence on the actual losses
flowing from the loss of a real or substantial chance by the plaintiff in that
case, which included the evidence of expert witnesses, was so voluminous that
the judgment on the assessment of damages (Asia Hotel Investments Ltd v
Starwood Asia Pacific Management Pte Ltd and Another [2007] SGHC 50) contained
480 paragraphs. In the present case, no witness from Kith Marine was called to
verify PWM’s assertion that the sale of the Vessel was a “near certainty”. PWM
submitted that it need not call any witnesses from Kith Marine to prove its
loss as the existence of the MOA itself was sufficient evidence to demonstrate
that there was a real or substantial chance of the Vessel being sold to Kith
Marine. It added that the fact that Kith Marine had issued a cheque for 10% of
the purchase price shows the latter’s genuine interest to complete the sale.
It also claimed that Kith Marine had a charter that needed to be fulfilled
urgently. AKN Marine retorted that there was no evidence that the sale of the
Vessel to Kith Marine for US$3.2m would definitely have gone through as there
was a definite possibility that Kith Marine could have rejected the Vessel
after undertaking the inspection and conducting sea trials.

112 Without the benefit of adequate evidence, the court is in no position to
assess how close PWM came to clinching the deal with Kith Marine and what were
the actual losses suffered by PWM. Notably, a few days after Kith Marine
cancelled its proposed purchase of the Vessel on 9 March 2011, it indicated
that it was still interested in purchasing the Vessel at a much lower price of
between US$2.5m to US$2.8m, which was significantly less than its original
offer of US$3.2m. As Kith Marine reduced its offer price for the Vessel by
such a large amount within a few days of its termination of the MOA, a
question arises as to whether it would have been really willing to pay an
additional US$400,000 to US$700,000 for the Vessel a few days earlier. Surely,
the representatives of Kith Marine, who, according to the MOA, had the power
to act on behalf of another company, Wayneridge Inc Fze, must be available for
cross-examination on a wide range of issues, including why Kith Marine reduced
its offer price for the Vessel by up to US$700,000 within the space of a few
days and what the market price of the Vessel was at the material time. After
all, it was open to Kith Marine to say before it terminated the MOA that it
was not satisfied with the Vessel’s condition and that it wanted a discount of
US$700,000 to proceed with the sale and purchase of the Vessel.

113 AKN Marine rightly pointed out that the events that transpired after
Deutsche Bank commenced ADM 72 on 6 April 2011 also reveal the extremely
speculative nature of PWM’s claim for the loss of a chance to sell the Vessel
to Kith Marine. To begin with, shortly after the proposed sale of the Vessel
to Kith Marine was aborted, another party, Miclyn Express Offshore, expressed
an interest in purchasing the Vessel in early April 2011 but did not make any
offer to purchase her. Another company, Star Global Shipping Pte Ltd,
inspected the Vessel on or around 20 April 2011 but also made no offer to
purchase her after the said inspection. On 4 May 2011, yet another party, PT
Fowohi Kentiti Jaya, inspected the Vessel but was only willing to offer US$2m
for her for various reasons, one of which was that her engine plants required
overhauling as the Vessel had not been in operation for almost a year.

114 Why PWM assumed that the court will accept without further proof that it
was a near certainty that Kith Marine would have purchased the Vessel for
US$3.2m cannot be fathomed, and especially so since the Vessel was encumbered
with the present action. As such, even if I had decided that PWM lost a real
or substantial chance to sell the Vessel to Kith Marine, I would have awarded
it nominal damages because it failed to prove the alleged damages suffered by
it.

Costs

115 AKN Marine is entitled to costs.

Tan Lee Meng  
Senior Judge

Christopher Anand s/o Daniel, Ganga d/o Avadiar and Harjean Kaur (Advocatus
Law LLP) for the plaintiff;  
Lawrence Teh Kee Wee, Loh Jen Wei and Khoo Eu Shen (Dentons Rodyk & Davidson
LLP) for the defendant.  

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 2: 27 Oct 2020 (22:39 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

