Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the COURT OF APPEAL of the republic of singapore

[2016] SGCA 39

Civil Appeal No 172 of 2015

Between

(1)| YAP CHAI LING  
---|---  
(2)| YAP SWEE JIT  
  
… Appellants

And

| HOU WA YI (M.W.)  
---|---  
  
… Respondent

In the matter of Registrar’s Appeal (State Courts) No 110 of 2014

In the matter of Section 99(2) of the Women’s Charter (Cap 353)  
---  
  
And

In the matter of Divorce Suit No D2201 of 2005/B  
---  
  
Between

(1)| YAP CHAI LING  
---|---  
(2)| YAP SWEE JIT  
  
… Appellants

And

| HOU WA YI (M.W.)  
---|---  
  
… Respondent

Judgment

[Family law] — [Divorce] — [Decree absolute and decree nisi]

[Conflict of laws] — [Recognition of foreign divorce judgment]

[Res judicata] — [Issue estoppel]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Yap Chai Ling and another

  
v

  

Hou Wa Yi

[2016] SGCA 39

Court of Appeal — Civil Appeal No 172 of 2015  
Chao Hick Tin JA, Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA and Quentin Loh J  
13 May 2016

5 July 2016 Judgment reserved.

Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA (delivering the judgment of the court):

Introduction

1 This is an unusual and unfortunate case, notwithstanding the important point
of law that arises. It is unusual because a decree nisi (“the Decree Nisi”)
issued by a Singapore court pursuant to an uncontested divorce petition is now
sought to be rendered a nullity in circumstances where the husband has already
passed away. It is unfortunate, not only because of the husband’s death, but
also because there appears to be a high degree of animosity and acrimony
between the parties. This may, in part at least, explain why the proceedings
have been so vigorously prosecuted from the district court right up to this
court despite the relatively small amount that is actually at stake.

2 The applicants (“the Appellants”), who are seeking, inter alia, a
declaration that the Decree Nisi is null and void, are the executors of the
husband’s (“the Husband”) estate and are the beneficiaries of the bulk of this
estate under the Husband’s will dated 26 January 2002 (“the Will”). If the
Appellants are successful in this appeal (and their application), the wife
(“the Respondent”) will receive only what she is entitled to under the Will
and will receive nothing from the ancillary orders that were made pursuant to
the Decree Nisi (which the Respondent has also appealed against (see Hou Wa Yi
v Yap Kiat Cheong [2009] SGDC 464 and below at [21])).

3 Against this backdrop, the issue which arises in this appeal is whether the
Decree Nisi is a nullity on the basis that the marriage between the parties
had, at the time the Decree Nisi was issued, already been dissolved by a prior
divorce judgment issued by the Shanghai court (“the Shanghai divorce
judgment”). This issue raises an important point of law as to whether or not
the Shanghai divorce judgment is against public policy and should therefore
not be recognised by the Singapore courts. If the Shanghai divorce judgment is
recognised by the Singapore courts, the Decree Nisi would be a nullity and
consequently, the Respondent would not be entitled to receive her share of the
matrimonial assets pursuant to the ancillary orders made by the Singapore
court on the back of the grant of the Decree Nisi.

4 We should pause to note – as we did at the outset of oral submissions before
this court – that the issue with respect to recognition of the Shanghai
divorce judgment is one of two main strings to the Appellants’ legal bow. The
other main string is in the Appellants’ argument that the Decree Nisi had been
granted contrary to relevant facts which, in turn, cast doubt on the factual
basis for the grant of the Decree Nisi (ie, that the Husband and the
Respondent had lived apart for four years before the filing of the divorce
petition). As we intimated to counsel during oral submissions before us, we
are of the view that both the District Judge (“the DJ”) and the High Court
judge (“the Judge”) were correct in rejecting this argument and we therefore
do not say anymore on this, save to make brief references where relevant. We
are thus left with the first string which raises the question of whether the
Shanghai divorce judgment is against public policy and should accordingly not
be recognised in Singapore (which we will hereafter refer to as “Issue 1”).

5 However, as we mentioned during oral submissions to counsel for the
Appellants, Mr Koh Tien Hua (“Mr Koh”), even if we were to hold that the
Shanghai divorce judgment ought to be recognised (contrary to the views of
both the DJ and the Judge), this would not necessarily conclude the appeal in
favour of his clients. There is a further issue, which the Judge had also
alluded to, which is whether, on the assumption that the Appellants are acting
as the Husband’s personal representatives, they are (due to the Husband’s
actions which would be attributed to them as his personal representatives)
guilty of an abuse of process of the court under the well-established doctrine
of extended res judicata and are, as a result, barred from raising the
Shanghai divorce judgment as part of their case (we will hereafter refer to
this as “Issue 2”).

6 When faced with the difficulties with his clients’ case arising from Issue
2, Mr Koh then argued at the oral hearing – contrary to what was stated in the
original application and what he had maintained in the proceedings below –
that the Appellants should be considered as having brought the application for
declaratory relief in their personal capacities so that any actions by the
Husband could not be attributed to them (we will hereafter refer to this as
“Issue 3”).

7 Before proceeding to consider each of these issues seriatim, we set out in
more detail the facts and background as well as the respective decisions of
the DJ and the Judge in the courts below.

The facts

The marriage

8 On 21 August 1991, the Husband, a Singapore citizen, married the Respondent,
a Chinese national, and registered their marriage in Shanghai (“the Shanghai
Ceremony”). The married couple subsequently moved to Singapore.

9 The Husband then applied for the marriage to be registered in Singapore. He
had, however, overlooked the fact that at the time of his marriage to the
Respondent in Shanghai, he was still legally married to his previous wife. The
Husband married his previous wife in Singapore on 28 September 1959. At the
time of the Shanghai Ceremony, he had only obtained a decree nisi (as opposed
to a decree absolute) in respect of his previous marriage. For this, he was
charged with bigamy in January 1992 and the Respondent was deported. The
charge was later dropped.

10 On 1 June 1992, a decree absolute was granted dissolving the Husband’s
previous marriage in Singapore. This paved the way for the Respondent’s return
to Singapore. The Husband and the Respondent then solemnized and registered
their marriage in Singapore on 30 September 1992 (“the Singapore Ceremony”).
They lived in Singapore thereafter.

The divorce proceedings

11 Unfortunately, the marriage broke down. From July 2000 onwards, the Husband
and the Respondent began living in separate rooms. On 25 April 2001, the
Husband commenced, in Singapore, Divorce Petition No 601380 of 2001 seeking a
dissolution of the marriage due to the Respondent’s unreasonable behaviour.
This petition was contested by the Respondent and the Husband subsequently
withdrew it on the understanding that they would proceed with the divorce on
an uncontested basis. In November 2002, the Respondent left Singapore and
returned to Shanghai for good.

The Shanghai divorce proceedings

12 On 13 July 2004, the Husband commenced divorce proceedings in the Min Xing
District People’s Court in Shanghai (“Shanghai first instance court”). The
Respondent contested the proceedings on the basis that the marriage in
Shanghai was null and void since the Husband was still legally married to his
previous wife at the time of the Shanghai Ceremony. In addition, she took the
position that divorce proceedings should be commenced in Singapore instead of
Shanghai.

13 On 24 March 2004, the Shanghai first instance court ruled against the
Respondent and granted the divorce (ie, the Shanghai divorce judgment). The
court agreed with the Respondent that the marriage was not valid at its
inception but held that it became valid from 1 June 1992, when the Husband
obtained the decree absolute in respect of his previous marriage in Singapore.

14 Dissatisfied, the Respondent appealed against the Shanghai divorce
judgment. On appeal, the Respondent argued substantially the same points while
the Husband adopted the reasoning of the court below. She argued that by
reason of the decree absolute, “the situation causing the marriage to be void
was no longer in existence, thus the marriage registration of both parties in
Shanghai had become a valid marriage”.

15 On 20 June 2005, the Shanghai No 1 Intermediate People’s Court (“the
Shanghai appellate court”) dismissed the appeal. The Shanghai appellate court
explained that the marriage law “stipulates that the People’s Court shall not
grant an application for a declaration that a marriage is void when the
situation causing the marriage to be void is no longer in existence at the
time of the application”. Thus, the Shanghai appellate court held that the
marriage in Shanghai, while invalid at its inception, became valid from 1 June
1992 when the decree absolute was granted in Singapore.

16 Both at first instance and on appeal, the Husband and the Respondent stated
that they did not want the Shanghai courts to divide the matrimonial assets.
At a separate point in time afterwards, the Husband applied to the Chinese
courts for division of the matrimonial assets. On 11 June 2006, the Chinese
courts ordered a division of the Chinese assets only, leaving the Singapore
assets untouched.

Singapore divorce proceedings

17 On 20 May 2005, the Respondent filed Divorce Petition No 2201 of 2005 (“D
2201”), citing the Husband’s unreasonable behaviour as the reason for the
irretrievable breakdown of the marriage. The Husband responded by filing a
summons to strike out D 2201 but subsequently withdrew it. One year later, the
Respondent amended the petition by deleting the reference to the Husband’s
unreasonable behaviour. This time, she cited as the basis for the divorce the
fact that she and the Husband had lived apart for a continuous period of at
least four years prior to the filing of D 2201. Following this, the matter
proceeded on an uncontested basis and the court granted the Decree Nisi on 29
September 2006.

18 When the parties attended before a district judge for the hearing of the
ancillary matters on 17 December 2007, the judge raised concerns over the
effect of the Shanghai divorce judgment.

19 The Husband then filed two successive applications for a declaration that
the Shanghai divorce judgment had dissolved the marriage and that D 2201
should therefore be struck out and the Decree Nisi rescinded because at the
time D 2201 was filed, there was no subsisting marriage for the Singapore
courts to dissolve. The first application was an originating summons filed on
2 June 2008 in the High Court. This application was withdrawn on 30 September
2008. The second was a summons filed in D 2201 itself and was withdrawn on 3
April 2009.

20 After these two applications were withdrawn, the court ruled on the
ancillary matters. During the hearing, the Husband and the Respondent informed
the court that the Chinese assets had been divided by the Shanghai courts and
that there was an agreement between the parties that no further orders should
be made in respect of those properties. Accordingly, the court gave orders in
respect of the division of the Singapore assets only. The Husband subsequently
requested for further arguments to be presented to the effect that a
shophouse, worth $1.7m, should be excluded from the pool of matrimonial assets
since the Respondent had agreed to this. On 19 November 2009, this request was
granted and the ancillary orders were varied to exclude the shophouse from the
pool of matrimonial assets. The assets remaining in the matrimonial pool
comprised property, shares and several sums of money in bank accounts. Under
the ancillary orders made, the Respondent was awarded $62,176.87 as her share
in the matrimonial assets and lump sum maintenance of $14,400, adding up to a
total of $76,576.87. Dissatisfied with the ancillary orders made, the
Respondent appealed.

Events following the Husband’s death

21 On 8 February 2011, while the Respondent’s appeal against the ancillary
orders was pending, the Husband passed away. On 22 March 2011, the appeal
against the ancillary orders was adjourned indefinitely.

22 In the Will, the Husband left the bulk of his estate to the Appellants, who
were his niece and nephew. As mentioned at the outset of this judgment, they
were also named as the executors of the estate. Letters of probate were
granted on 29 March 2011. Under the Will, the Respondent was to receive
$1,000.

23 On 3 June 2011, the Appellants applied, as interveners in D 2201, for the
Decree Nisi to be made absolute. The application was rejected by the district
court on the ground that the marriage had been dissolved by the death of the
Husband and, hence, the court had neither the jurisdiction nor the power to
grant a decree absolute. The Appellants appealed to the High Court and their
appeal was dismissed on 27 March 2012 (see Hou Wa Yi v Yap Kiat Cheong (Yap
Chai Ling and another, interveners) [2012] 2 SLR 995 (“Hou Wa Yi 2012 HC”)).
We will return to this decision shortly as it is germane to Issue 3.

24 Meanwhile, on 18 August 2011, the Respondent commenced a suit in the
district court against the Appellants, as executors of the Husband’s estate,
for maintenance of her daughter (“M”). M was born in November 2003 and the
Respondent alleged that M was the biological child of the Husband and his
estate therefore had a duty to maintain her. In response, the Appellants filed
a defence denying that M was the Husband’s child. This action has been
discontinued for want of prosecution.

The present application

25 On 22 July 2013, the Appellants filed the present application seeking the
following prayers:

(a) An order that the Decree Nisi be declared null and void (ie, the prayer
for declaratory relief).

(b) Further and in the alternative, an order that the Decree Nisi be rescinded
and/or set aside.

(c) Consequently, that the ancillary orders be rescinded or set aside.

26 As previously mentioned, the main argument that was run by the Appellants
was that the Shanghai divorce judgment had dissolved the marriage and that, by
the time the matter came before the Singapore court in D 2201, there was no
subsisting marriage for the court to dissolve. The Appellants also argued that
there had been material facts that had not been placed before the court
granting the Decree Nisi. These facts, which were extracted from the various
documents filed in the convoluted divorce proceedings and the maintenance
application for M, demonstrated that the Respondent and the Husband had not,
in fact, lived apart for the requisite period of four years. The Appellants
averred that the Decree Nisi was therefore granted on the basis of facts which
have now been shown to be untrue. The Decree Nisi, and consequently the
ancillary orders made pursuant to it, should therefore be declared null and
void or rescinded.

The respective decisions in the courts below

The decision of the District Court

27 The decision of the District Court may be found in Yap Chai Ling and
another v Hou Wa Yi [2014] SGDC 299. The DJ began by considering if there was
a marriage to dissolve in D 2201. She held that there was a marriage to
dissolve in D 2201. In her view, it was “abundantly clear that the Shanghai
court was hearing the husband’s application to dissolve the Shanghai marriage”
given that “[t]here was no reference whatsoever to the Singapore marriage
either in the Shanghai court or the Shanghai appellate court judgements [sic]
or record of proceedings” (at [23]). The question to her mind was “whether the
dissolution of the Shanghai marriage dissolved all marriage relationship
between the husband and wife even though there is the Singapore marriage” (see
ibid). This issue turned on whether the Shanghai divorce judgment ought to be
recognised in Singapore as having dissolved the marriage relationship between
husband and wife.

28 The DJ held that the Shanghai divorce judgment was repugnant to Singapore
law and contrary to public policy. While both Chinese law and Singapore law
had a policy against bigamous marriages, there was a crucial difference in so
far as Chinese law accepted that the bigamous marriage between the Husband and
the Respondent became valid when the Husband obtained a decree absolute for
his previous marriage. Under Singapore law, a marriage that was bigamous in
its inception could not become valid by a subsequent dissolution of the
subsisting marriage (at [23]). As a result, the DJ held the Shanghai divorce
judgment ought not to be recognised in Singapore.

29 Turning to the second argument, the DJ found that there was no basis to
conclude that the Husband and the Respondent did not live apart for four years
(at [30]). First, the Appellants’ assertions were not based on any personal
knowledge of the marital affairs of the Husband and the Respondent. Secondly,
the Husband, who was legally advised at all times, had himself relied on
separation since July 2010 as the ground for divorce in his Shanghai divorce
petition. Thirdly, the Husband did not contest the divorce proceedings, which
were instituted by the Respondent on the basis that there had been separation
between them for at least four years. Finally, in both his applications to
have the Decree Nisi declared void, the only ground raised was that the
marriage had already been dissolved by the Shanghai courts and the Husband
stated that he and the Respondent had lived apart for four years (at [31]).

30 The DJ also considered that grave prejudice and injustice would be suffered
by the Respondent if the Decree Nisi were to be set aside. She noted that the
Husband had “in his lifetime ... applied to rescind the Decree Nisi … after
the divorce was granted and in any event he withdrew his applications” (at
[32]). If the Appellants were successful, the Respondent would be denied her
share of the matrimonial assets pursuant to the ancillary orders made by the
court and would only receive $1,000 under the Will. For all the above reasons,
she dismissed the Appellants’ application with costs.

The decision of the High Court

31 The decision of the High Court may be found in Yap Chai Ling and another v
Hou Wa Yi [2016] 1 SLR 660 (“the GD”). The Judge began her analysis with a
discussion of s 99(2) of the Women’s Charter (Cap 353, 2009 Rev Ed) (“the
Act”), which was the section that the Appellants’ application was expressed as
being taken out under. The Judge identified four constituent parts of s 99(2)
of the Act (“s 99(2)”): (a) the jurisdictional requirement; (b) the standing
requirement; (c) a substantive requirement; and (d) a discretionary component
(see the GD at [31]).

32 In so far as the jurisdictional requirement was concerned, the Judge
referred to the decision of this court in Sivakolunthu Kumarasamy v Shanmugam
Nagaiah and another [1987] SLR(R) 702 (“Sivakolunthu”) for the proposition
that divorce proceedings do not abate upon the death of one of the parties to
the marriage such that the court is deprived of jurisdiction over all
subsequent matters in relation to the marriage. The key question was whether
further proceedings could be taken and this depended on the nature of the
further proceedings and the relevant statutory provisions engaged. The Judge
found that, despite the death of the Husband, s 99(2) was still applicable
because the Appellants were challenging the enforceability of the ancillary
orders and not merely the status of the marriage (see the GD at [34]–[35]).

33 In so far as the standing requirement was concerned, the Judge undertook a
comprehensive survey of the historical origin of s 99(2) and agreed with both
counsel that, under s 99(2), any member of the public, save for the parties to
the marriage, had standing. There were two reasons for this. First,
proceedings for divorce were not merely a personal matter but were also a
matter of public importance and members of the public should be allowed to
show cause why a decree should not be made absolute, especially in light of
the fact that parties to an unhappy marriage had an incentive to collude to
procure a divorce. It has been the longstanding position in England, from
which s 99(2) has its roots, that parties to the marriage could not avail
themselves of this provision. Second, to allow the parties themselves to mount
an attack on a decree nisi under s 99(2) would be to allow them a further
opportunity to re-litigate a matter to which they had been a party, and this
would therefore engage the doctrine of res judicata (see the GD at [37]–[45]).

34 Despite this, the Appellants maintained that they were acting as personal
representatives. They claimed to have standing because they had a legitimate
expectation that an order by the court is one that is sound and correct and
not procured by misrepresentation. The Judge disagreed and found that, if they
were bringing the action as personal representatives, they would not have
standing. However, the Judge went on to rule that they could be allowed to
bring their action under s 99(2) in their own names and allowed them to do so
in that capacity (see the GD at [53]).

35 Turning to the substantive requirement, the Judge read the words “any
person may show cause why the [decree nisi] should not be made [final] by
reason of material facts not having been brought before the court” appearing
in s 99(2) as raising the following three questions: (a) are the facts
material in that they relate to the grant of the decree nisi; (b) were these
facts before the court that granted the decree nisi; and (c) has sufficient
cause been shown in that the facts raised must be completely incompatible with
or must vitiate the basis for the grant of the decree nisi? Finally, even if
the substantive requirements were fulfilled, the court nevertheless retained a
discretion whether or not to set aside the decree nisi granted (see the GD at
[54]–[56]).

36 On the issue concerning the effect of the Shanghai divorce judgment, the
Judge expressed her difficulty with the structure of the Appellants’ prayer
for declaratory relief because, even though it was purportedly brought under s
99(2), there was no mention of that section in the submissions. The
Appellants’ submission appeared to rest merely on the fact that there was no
marriage to be dissolved by the Singapore courts and, on this point alone, the
Decree Nisi should be set aside. The Judge opined that this was not crucial
and proceeded to reframe the Appellants’ argument as one under s 99(2).

37 Before analysing whether the Shanghai divorce judgment should be enforced,
a clarification was made by the Judge in respect of the marital status of the
Husband and the Respondent. The DJ appeared to suggest that there could be
multiple subsisting marriage relationships which could exist in parallel with
each other and could be dissolved separately (see above at [27]). The Judge
noted that, in so far as the DJ suggested the proposition just mentioned, it
was clearly wrong (see the GD at [61]). The Judge referred to the Singapore
High Court decision of Noor Azizan bte Colony (alias Noor Azizan bte Mohamed
Noor) v Tan Lip Chin (alias Izak Tan) [2006] 3 SLR(R) 707 for the proposition
that there can only be one marriage relationship between the parties, even
though husband and wife undergo two or more marriage ceremonies. Marriage
concerns the legal status of those who have entered into the marital union
and, as a corollary, a divorce, which effects the dissolution of the marital
union, operates on the marital status and not on the ceremonies or
solemnizations preceding the formation of the marriage as such. The Judge thus
held that the purport of the Shanghai divorce judgment was the determination
of the marital status of the Husband and the Respondent (see the GD at [62]).

38 In so far as the Shanghai divorce judgment was concerned, the Judge found
that its presence was indeed a material fact which should have been brought
before the court. However, the Judge found that it was not incompatible with
the grant of the Decree Nisi since the Shanghai divorce judgment ought not to
be recognised on grounds of public policy. In her view, the regularisation of
a bigamous union after the legal impediment to such a marriage no longer
existed was contrary to our public policy against bigamous marriages, which is
a cornerstone of our marriage law. To recognise the Shanghai Divorce Judgment
would be to recognise that a bigamous marriage could be regularised (see the
GD at [67]–[71]). The Appellants thus failed in respect of this argument.

39 On the facts relating to the four years separation, the Judge found that
sufficient cause had not been shown as the facts alleged did not vitiate the
foundation of the Decree Nisi. The facts had not shown that the Husband and
the Respondent resumed the consortium vitae and, even if they did, there was
no evidence that this lasted for a period of six months or more (see the GD at
[78]–[80]).

40 The Judge concluded her decision with a discussion of the discretionary
component in s 99(2) even though her analysis up to that point was sufficient
to dispose of the appeal. She explained that she would not, in any event, have
rescinded the Decree Nisi. First, the Respondent would have been denied
ancillary relief in respect of the Singapore assets even though both the
Husband and she agreed that the Singapore assets were to be dealt with by the
Singapore courts. Secondly, it was an abuse of process to raise these facts
now since they should properly have been raised at the hearing for the grant
of the Decree Nisi. Finally, the conduct of the Appellants in applying for the
Decree Nisi to be made absolute should also be held against them since they
had failed to act with reasonable expedition, causing further delay with
consequential detriment to the Respondent. For all of these reasons, the Judge
dismissed the appeal.

Our decision

Issue 1

41 To recapitulate, Issue 1 is whether the Shanghai divorce judgment is
against public policy and should therefore not be recognised. As already noted
above, both the DJ and the Judge had held that this divorce judgment was
against public policy and should therefore not be recognised.

42 We digress, for a moment, to make three brief observations. First, we are
in complete agreement with the Judge in relation to her analysis of the
marital status of the Husband and the Respondent (see above at [37]). To
reiterate, although there were two different ceremonies in this case (ie, the
Shanghai Ceremony and the Singapore Ceremony), there remained but one marriage
between the Husband and the Respondent. References to the “Shanghai marriage”
and the “Singapore marriage” were merely convenient shorthand ways of denoting
the different possible commencement dates of the union between the Respondent
and the Husband.

43 Secondly, we also agree that the purport of the Shanghai divorce judgment
was to terminate the marital status of the Husband and the Respondent. Counsel
for the Respondent, Ms Dorothy Chai (“Ms Chai”), submits that the Shanghai
divorce judgment dissolved only the “Shanghai marriage” as it made no
reference to the “Singapore marriage” or the Singapore Ceremony. We reject
this submission. It is apparent to us that the Shanghai court was pronouncing
a divorce over the status of the parties. This is consistent with the fact
that marriage is a legal status and there can only be one marriage between the
parties (see above at [42]). Furthermore, there seems to us to be no reason
for the Shanghai court to have referred to the Singapore Ceremony, once it had
decided that there was a valid marriage between the parties from 1 June 1992
(ie, the date the Husband obtained a decree absolute for his previous
marriage). Since, through the legal lenses of the Shanghai court, the marriage
started from that date, there was no need to refer to the “Singapore marriage”
or Singapore Ceremony which was held later (on 30 September 1992).

44 Finally, we address the Judge’s difficulty with the manner in which the
Appellants’ framed their argument for declaratory relief (see above at [36]).
The Judge noted that no reference was made to s 99(2) in the submissions of
the Appellants but nevertheless recharacterised the argument as being brought
under s 99(2). It appears to us that the Appellants were not relying on s
99(2) in their arguments. Rather, they were relying on the more fundamental
premise that the grant of the Decree Nisi was a complete nullity because there
was no subsisting marriage to dissolve after the Shanghai divorce judgment.
Assuming that the Appellants’ arguments were premised on s 99(2), the Judge
opined that, if the Appellants were acting in their capacity as personal
representatives of the Husband (as Mr Koh had maintained), they would not have
the requisite standing. Nevertheless, the Judge allowed the Appellants to
canvass this point before her on the basis that they were acting in their own
capacities and not as personal representatives (see above at [33]–[34]). In
our view, the Appellants are mounting the argument that the Decree Nisi is a
nullity qua personal representatives and not in their personal capacities.
That the Appellants are acting in that capacity is clearly stated in the
originating summons. Indeed, during the oral submissions before us, Mr Koh
took the position that the Appellants were acting as personal representatives
until we highlighted that there may be a further barrier for his clients to
surmount in the form of the doctrine of extended res judicata. This prompted
him to take the position instead that the Appellants were acting in their
personal capacities. For these reasons, we shall proceed on the footing that
the Appellants were acting as personal representatives (as noted earlier, we
will deal with Mr Koh’s argument that the Appellants were, instead, acting in
their personal capacities in our analysis of Issue 3).

45 Returning to the main issue, which is whether the Shanghai divorce judgment
ought to be recognised, it is critical, in our view, to clarify what the
precise issue was before the courts below and, of course, what it is before us
now. In this regard, it is of paramount importance to appreciate that the
concept of public policy is not one that can – particularly in the context of
cross-jurisdictional disputes in the conflicts of laws sphere (as is the case
here) – be applied liberally. This should be unsurprising as there is also the
countervailing (and no less) vital consideration of the concept of comity of
nations. Additionally, the concept of public policy is itself inherently
difficult. In the oft-cited words of Burrough J in the leading English
decision of Richardson v Mellish (1824) 2 Bing 229; 130 ER 294 (at 252 and
303, respectively), public policy is:

[A] very unruly horse, and once you get astride it you never know where it
will carry you. It may lead you from the sound law.

46 And, in the decision of this court in Ting Siew May v Boon Lay Choo [2014]
3 SLR 609, this court, after citing the observation of Burrough J in the
preceding paragraph, proceeded to observe as follows (at [34]−[35]):

34 Not surprisingly, the ebullient Lord Denning MR was far more optimistic
than Burrough J. Again, in observations which are well-known and oft-cited
(see also [Ngiam Kong Seng v Lim Chiew Hock [2008] 3 SLR(R) 674] at [40]) in
the English Court of Appeal decision of Enderby Town Football Club Ltd v
Football Association Ltd [1971] Ch 591, the learned Master of the Rolls
observed thus (at 606):

With a good man in the saddle, the unruly horse can be kept in control. It can
jump over obstacles.

35 Notwithstanding Lord Denning MR’s optimism, the fact remains that the
concept of public policy is indeed an unruly horse and must therefore be
applied wisely. It might also be useful to note that, in the English High
Court decision of Tinline v White Cross Insurance Association, Limited [1921]
3 KB 327, Bailhache J not only noted Lord Halsbury’s view in the House of
Lords decision of Quinn v Leathem [1901] AC 495 (at 506) that “the law is not
always logical” but also (and more importantly for the purposes of the present
case) proceeded to observe (at 331) that “[i]f the law is not logical, public
policy is even less logical”.

47 In the present appeal, the precise issue is whether this court ought to
recognise the Shanghai divorce judgment (which purported to dissolve the
marriage between the Husband and the Respondent which was registered on 21
August 1991 (ie, the Shanghai Ceremony) but only became valid on 1 June 1992
(ie, the date of the grant of the decree absolute for the Husband’s previous
marriage)).

48 The logically prior question to this is whether or not there was a valid
marriage between the Husband and the Respondent at the time the Shanghai
divorce judgment was rendered, keeping in mind that there can only be one
marriage relationship between husband and wife. As evidenced by the Shanghai
court decisions, under Chinese law, there was a valid marriage from 1 June
1992. Under Singapore law, there was a valid marriage from 30 September 1992
(ie, the Singapore Ceremony). Therefore, at the time of the Shanghai divorce
judgment, it cannot be gainsaid that there was indeed a marriage between the
Husband and the Respondent.

49 The next question is whether the Shanghai divorce judgment would be
effective, as a matter of Singapore law, to bring to an end the marriage
between the Husband and the Respondent. The answer would appear to be in the
affirmative, especially when s 7(b) of the Act is considered. Section 7 of the
Act itself reads as follows:

Continuance of marriage

7. Every marriage solemnized in Singapore after 15th September 1961, other than a marriage which is void under the provisions of this Act, shall continue until dissolved —

(a) by the death of one of the parties;

(b) by order of a court of competent jurisdiction; or

(c) by a declaration made by a court of competent jurisdiction that the
marriage is null and void.

[emphasis added in bold italics]

Ms Chai does not dispute that the Shanghai court was a court of competent
jurisdiction. It is also clear that this was the view adopted by the Judge
given that Shanghai was the domicile of the wife (see the GD at [65]). As
explained in Debbie Ong, International Issues in Family Law in Singapore
(Academy Publishing, 2015) (“International Issues in Family Law”), recognition
of foreign matrimonial proceedings is governed by the common law and the court
will recognise foreign decrees made by a court of competent jurisdiction (at
para 5.47). It is further explained that the position now, with the abolition
of the wife’s dependent domicile (see s 47 of the Act), is that it is
sufficient that a foreign decree is granted by a court of either party’s
domicile (see the Singapore High Court decision of Asha Maudgil v Suresh Kumar
Gosain [1994] 2 SLR(R) 427 at [18] as well as International Issues in Family
Law at para 5.53). As Shanghai was the wife’s domicile, the Shanghai divorce
judgment is an order of a court of competent jurisdiction. All of this points
towards recognition.

50 However, Ms Chai, relying on the Singapore High Court decision of Ho Ah
Chye v Hsinchieh Hsu Irene [1994] 1 SLR(R) 485 (at [53] and [68(g)]), argues
that recognition should be refused as enforcement would be manifestly contrary
to public policy. She submits that the law in Shanghai is different from that
in Singapore inasmuch as the former viewed the Husband’s lack of capacity to
marry as but a temporary legal obstacle to the validity of his marriage
registered in Shanghai – this legal obstacle could be (and was) cured by the
grant of a decree absolute in respect of the Husband’s previous marriage.
Under Singapore law, on the other hand, no such curing or regularisation was
possible. Hence, the argument went, that to recognise the Shanghai divorce
judgment would be repugnant to public policy as it would be tantamount to
accepting that a bigamous marriage can be regularised.

51 We note, on the other hand, Mr Koh’s citation of the decisions of both the
Singapore High Court and this court in Burswood Nominees Ltd (formerly
Burswood Nominees Pty Ltd) v Liao Eng Kiat [2004] 2 SLR(R) 436 and Liao Eng
Kiat v Burswood Nominees Ltd [2004] 2 SLR(R) 690, respectively. In the former
decision, Lai Siu Chiu J observed, in the context of the attempted enforcement
of a judgment debt in relation to a wagering contract, that “the fact that if
the present contract between the parties had been governed by Singapore law
the contract could be invalid or void … does not mean that it, being governed
by Nevada law and valid under that law, may not be enforced in Singapore”.
Hence, by parity of reasoning, the fact that Chinese law adopts a different
legal position in respect of monogamous marriages which were bigamous in their
inception from Singapore law does not necessarily entail a finding that
Chinese public policy is contrary to Singapore public policy.

52 What is crucial, in our view, is what the public policy in relation to
marriage is in both jurisdictions. When viewed in this light, it is
indubitable that the public policy in both jurisdictions is the same. Simply
put, both the Chinese and the Singapore legal systems only recognise a regime
of monogamous marriages. The corollary of this is that both these legal
systems would not recognise bigamous marriages. The only (specific) difference
lay in the approach adopted in a situation where one of the parties to the
marriage had only obtained a decree nisi in respect of a previous marriage as
opposed to a decree absolute. As we have already noted, under Chinese law,
such a marriage could be rendered valid (or cured) when the decree absolute is
eventually obtained, whereas there was no provision under Singapore law to
this effect. However, this (particular) difference does not, in our view, lead
to the conclusion that the respective public policies in China on the one hand
and Singapore on the other are thereby in conflict. Indeed, even the
“curative” approach adopted pursuant to Shanghai law is intended to ensure
that the (non-negotiable) rationale of monogamy is maintained. We therefore,
respectfully, disagree with the Judge that recognition of the Shanghai divorce
judgment would be contrary to public policy.

53 In any event, we fail to see how recognition of the Shanghai divorce
judgment “would be tantamount to acknowledging that a bigamous marriage may be
regularised” (see the GD at [68]). It is important to once again emphasise the
fact that the difference between the laws of Shanghai and Singapore is one
that relates, in substance and effect, to the date of the commencement of the
marriage, whereas, as already noted earlier in this judgment, the precise
issue in the present appeal relates, instead, to whether a foreign divorce
judgment (ie, the Shanghai divorce judgment) ought to be recognised by the
Singapore courts. As we have explained, it is incontrovertible that the
Husband and the Respondent were legally married (regardless of the precise
date of commencement of the marriage) at the time of the Shanghai divorce
judgment. Recognising the Shanghai divorce judgment would only require the
Singapore courts to recognise that there was a subsisting marriage between the
parties at the date of the said divorce judgment. Recognition does not require
the court to acknowledge that the marriage had indeed commenced on 1 June
1992, as declared by the Shanghai courts. We emphasise that there already was,
at the very least and as a matter of Singapore law, a marriage between the
parties from 30 September 1992. Therefore, recognition of the Shanghai divorce
judgment does not amount to an acknowledgement that bigamous marriages may be
regularised.

54 We pause to note, however, that whether differences between jurisdictions
on matters of public policy are engaged in questions of enforcement must
depend on the particular facts in question. By way of illustration, the public
policy in relation to regularisation of bigamous marriages would, in our view,
have been engaged if the Shanghai court had awarded maintenance to the wife
for the period between the grant of the decree absolute in respect of the
Husband’s previous marriage and the registration of the Husband and
Respondent’s marriage in Singapore and the Respondent had sought to enforce
that maintenance judgment in Singapore. The Singapore court would then have
had to decide if maintenance during that period, which hinges on the
regularisation of a bigamous marriage, was contrary to our public policy. As
observed, that is not the situation in our case.

55 However, the fact that the Judge was, with respect, wrong in holding that
the Shanghai divorce judgment is manifestly contrary to public policy and
should therefore not be recognised is (as we have already pointed out above)
not conclusive of the present appeal in favour of the Appellants. If the
Appellants could be demonstrated (via the relevant actions of the Husband when
he was alive) to have abused the process of the court in bringing the present
application and appeal, then the Singapore courts (including this court) can
disregard Issue 1 in so far as it ought to have been raised in earlier
proceedings. It is to that issue (viz, Issue 2) that our attention must now
turn.

Issue 2

56 As alluded to in the preceding paragraph, Issue 2 raises a relatively
straightforward point. In essence, why was the grant of the Decree Nisi not
challenged during the divorce proceedings between the Husband and the
Respondent on the basis that the Shanghai divorce judgment had already
dissolved their marriage and that there was therefore no legal basis upon
which the district judge could grant the Decree Nisi?

57 We begin by highlighting certain salient aspects of the manner in which the
Singapore divorce proceedings transpired. At the outset, when D 2201 was
commenced by the Respondent on 20 May 2005 (after delivery of the Shanghai
divorce judgment), the Husband filed a summons to strike out that petition,
but subsequently withdrew it. Initially, the reason stated for the
irretrievable breakdown of their marriage was the Husband’s unreasonable
behaviour. One year later, the Respondent amended the petition by deleting the
reference to the Husband’s alleged unreasonable behaviour, citing instead the
fact that she and the Husband had lived apart for a continuous period of at
least four years prior to the filing of the said petition as the factual basis
for the divorce. We note, parenthetically (as we did right at the outset of
this judgment (see above at [4])), that the Appellants had also sought to
attack the grant of the Decree Nisi on the ground that there had not in fact
been a period of separation of at least four years. In our view, both the DJ
and the Judge correctly rejected this argument (see also above at [29] and
[39]).

58 Significantly for our purposes, the district judge had, during the hearing
of the ancillary matters (on 17 December 2007), questioned the parties as to
the legal effect of the Shanghai divorce judgment. It is pivotal in the
context of the present issue to note that the Husband then proceeded to file
two successive applications for declarations that the Shanghai divorce
judgment had dissolved the marriage and that, therefore, the Respondent’s
divorce petition filed in the Singapore court should be struck out and the
Decree Nisi that had been granted ought to be rescinded on the basis that at
the time D 2201 was filed, there was no subsisting marriage for the Singapore
courts to dissolve (see above at [18]–[19]). In our view, it is clear beyond
any reasonable doubt that this is exactly what the Appellants are now arguing.
More importantly, whilst the first application was filed on 2 June 2008 in the
High Court, it was withdrawn on 30 September 2008. Similarly, whilst the
second application was filed in relation to D 2201 itself, it was also
withdrawn by the Husband on 3 April 2009. After these two applications had
been withdrawn, the district judge proceeded to determine the ancillary
matters arising from the divorce.

59 Given the circumstances outlined above, the doctrine of extended res
judicata as set out (most notably) in the oft-cited English decision of
Henderson v Henderson (1843) 3 Hare 100; 67 ER 313 applies to prevent the
Appellants, who are acting in the capacity as personal representatives of the
Husband, from arguing that the grant of the Decree Nisi was a nullity. To
permit them to now mount such an argument would be to allow them to abuse the
process of the court. Indeed, this court, in The Royal Bank of Scotland NV
(formerly known as ABN Amro Bank NV) and others v TT International Ltd (nTan
Corporate Advisory Pte Ltd and others, other parties) and another appeal
[2015] 5 SLR 1104 (“TT International”), explained as follows (at [129]):

… But, in principle, we do not see why a belated attempt in a civil case to
attack the jurisdiction of a court or tribunal cannot be an “abuse of
process”, with the result that the litigant attempting to make such an attack
would be estopped from doing so. …

60 The following observations in TT International (at [104]) are also
apposite:

This may be contrasted with the higher degree of flexibility available to the
courts when faced with the “extended” forms of cause of action and issue
estoppel. Lord Bingham of Cornhill, in the House of Lords decision of Johnson
v Gore Wood & Co (a firm) [2002] 2 AC 1 (at 31D), saw the question of whether
a litigant should be estopped from taking a point that could have been raised
in earlier proceedings between the same parties not as a “dogmatic” inquiry,
but rather, as a “broad, merits-based judgment which takes account of the
public and private interests involved and also takes account of all the facts
of the case”. This idea was echoed in [Goh Nellie v Goh Lian Teck and others
[2007] 1 SLR(R) 453] at [53], where it was noted that “a court should
determine whether there is an abuse of process by looking at all the
circumstances of the case”, including whether there is fresh evidence that
might warrant re-litigation or whether there are bona fide reasons why a
matter was not raised in the earlier proceedings. In this regard, the court is
not to “adopt an inflexible or unyielding attitude” (see likewise Goh Nellie
at [53]).

61 Considering all the circumstances, it is clear, in our view, that
notwithstanding our decision with respect to Issue 1, the Appellants cannot
prevail in the present appeal, which should be dismissed based on our decision
on Issue 2. It is noteworthy that the Judge herself briefly mentioned that she
too would have arrived at the same result (see the GD at [93]).

62 We should add that when confronted with the doctrine of extended res
judicata, Mr Koh attempted to argue that if his clients were entitled to
succeed under Issue 1, we ought to consider the injustice that would be
occasioned to the Appellants who ought to succeed in the appeal and therefore
decline to find an abuse of process. The simple response to this is that
“finality… is itself a no less important aspect of the overall concept of
‘justice’” [emphasis in original] (TT International at [215]).

63 As was noted, Mr Koh then sought to argue that his clients should be taken
as seeking declaratory relief in the present case in their personal capacities
so that the Husband’s actions (as set out above) could not be attributed to
them and that there therefore is no abuse of the process of court under the
extended doctrine of res judicata. That is, in fact Issue 3 – to which our
attention now turns.

Issue 3

64 We begin by noting that the Judge had held – correctly, in our view – that
s 99(2) could not apply to the Husband or the Respondent (who was the wife);
it could only apply to third parties. Indeed, we endorse the Judge’s
comprehensive rendition as well as analysis of the historical backdrop to s
99(2). We also consider that the Appellants had brought these proceedings as
personal representatives of the Husband (see above at [44]). As personal
representatives, they could be in no better position than the Husband himself
and they could not avail themselves of s 99(2).

65 The Judge, who was cognisant of this difficulty, nevertheless proceeded to
hear the appeal from the DJ’s decision on the basis that the appeal had been
taken out by the Appellants in their personal capacities under s 99(2). Having
been confronted with the difficulties in relation to his clients’ case due to
the doctrine of extended res judicata, Mr Koh sought to raise the effect of
the Shanghai divorce judgment under s 99(2) and on the footing that his
clients were bringing this application in their personal capacities. In this
way, the Husband’s actions could not be attributed to them and they would be
able to circumvent the doctrine of extended res judicata.

66 Even if we allow Mr Koh to submit, contrary to what he maintained before
the Judge (see the GD at [51]; see also above at [44]) and what he initially
stated at the hearing before us, that the Appellants are acting in their
personal capacities, we find that his clients cannot succeed in respect of
Issue 3. In our view, s 99(2) cannot apply in the first place to the present
facts even if the Appellants took out the present application in their
personal capacities. As an aside, this also lays to rest the Appellants’
argument that the Decree Nisi ought to be rescinded because material facts
which showed that there had not in fact been a separation of at least four
years prior to the filing of D 2201 were not brought to the attention of the
court granting the Decree Nisi.

67 The applicability of s 99(2) after the death of the Husband was a matter
specifically considered by the Judge (see the GD at [32]–[35]; see also above
at [32]). The Judge referred, correctly in our view, to this court’s decision
in Sivakolunthu for the proposition that whether further proceedings can be
taken in a divorce suit upon the death of one of the parties to the marriage
depends on two interrelated matters: (a) the nature of the further proceedings
sought to be taken; and (b) the true construction of the relevant statutory
provision or provisions. We would add that discerning the true construction of
the relevant statutory provision must of course include a consideration of the
purpose behind the enactment of that provision.

68 The purpose of the enactment of s 99(2) was squarely addressed by the Judge
in the following passage (see the GD at [39]):

The rationale behind [s 99(2)] was explained by Bucknill J in W v W [1936] P
187 at 198:

[T]he the Legislature by the various statutes that have been passed has
clearly indicated that proceedings for divorce are not merely a personal
matter but are also a matter of public interest. … It is a matter of public
interest that a decree for dissolution of marriage should not be obtained on
evidence which has been manufactured so as to indicate adultery where none in
fact has taken place. [emphasis added]

69 We agree with the Judge’s view. Marriage, being a matter of public
interest, ought not to be brought to an end when the grounds for dissolution
have not been met. Given the incentive for married parties who have fallen out
to collude and procure a divorce, third parties are given standing to show
cause why the dissolution should not be made final after a decree nisi has
been declared (see also the GD at [38]). In our view, this all points to s
99(2) being concerned with the status of the parties’ marriage.

70 The nub of the Judge’s reasoning as to why she thought s 99(2) could apply
is to be found in the following passage of the GD (at [35]):

On the present facts, it was clear to me that what the appellants sought to do
was to rescind the Decree Nisi in order that there may be the consequential
rescission of the Ancillary Orders. At its core, the object of the appellants’
application was the enforceability of the Ancillary Orders, and not simply the
determination of the Parties’ marriage. The former was not dependent on the
Husband being alive. On this basis, I did not agree with Ms Chai that this
application should be dismissed because the status of the marriage had already
been determined. There was still a res before the court over which the court
may exercise its jurisdiction… [emphasis added in bold italics]

71 With respect, we are unable to agree with the reasoning set out in the
preceding paragraph. As has been explained, the purpose of s 99(2) is for
third parties to a marriage to challenge the status of the marriage in
circumstances where a decree nisi has been granted. A third party would,
ordinarily, have no interest in the ancillary orders made as between the
parties to the marriage. Ancillary orders in divorce proceedings generally
concern only the parties to the marriage and cannot by any measure be said to
be a matter of public importance, unlike the status of the marriage. The only
reason the Appellants have an interest in this case is because they are also
the beneficiaries under the Will. Given that s 99(2) is concerned with the
status of the marriage, we are unable to see how it continues to apply once a
party to that marriage has passed away. The death of one of the parties
dissolves a marriage (see s 7(a) of the Act, also reproduced above at [49]).
The status of the marriage has thus already been conclusively determined by
the death of the Husband. In these circumstances, s 99(2) no longer remains
applicable given that its very purpose concerns the status of the marriage.
What the Judge thought to be the core of the appellants’ application (ie, the
enforceability of the Decree Nisi) is, in our view, more properly described as
the motive for their application. But the Appellants’ motive in bringing the
present application cannot change the fact that the status of the marriage had
been determined by the death of the Husband and that, as a result, s 99(2) no
longer has any application.

72 In a similar vein, in Hou Wa Yi 2012 HC, Choo Han Teck J held that the
court no longer had any power to make absolute a decree nisi after the death
of one of the parties to the marriage. The appellants in that case, who,
incidentally, are the Appellants in the present appeal, attempted to rely on s
99(3) of the Act to make this very Decree Nisi absolute. Section 99(3) reads
as follows:

Where an interim judgment of divorce has been granted and no application for
it to be made final has been made by the party to whom it was granted, then,
at any time after the expiration of 3 months from the earliest date on which
that party could have made such an application, the party against whom it was
granted may make an application to the court and on that application the court
may —

(a) notwithstanding subsection (1), make the judgment final;

(b) rescind the interim judgment;

(c) require further inquiry; or

(d) otherwise deal with the case as it thinks fit.

73 Choo J held that once death of one of the parties to the marriage
intervened, s 99(3) no longer had any application (at [6]). In our view, this
must be correct since s 99(3) also concerns the status of the marriage. As the
Judge herself perceptively pointed out, there is a logical unity to ss 99(2)
and (3) of the Act (see the GD at [45]). We find it to be incongruous (indeed,
a contradiction in terms) if a decree nisi cannot be made absolute once death
of a party to the marriage intervenes, but can be set aside by all and sundry,
except the parties. If, in fact, this were the case, then it would mean that,
in the present case, while the Decree Nisi cannot be made absolute, it would
remain under constant threat of challenge. There is nothing preventing other
unrelated third parties from bringing an application under s 99(2) to set
aside the Decree Nisi. In the usual course of things, the parties to a
marriage can put an end to the possibility of their marital status being
challenged by third parties by applying for the decree nisi to be made
absolute. Once the death of one party intervenes, this path is no longer open
to them, and we cannot accept that, notwithstanding this, a decree nisi
obtained always remains susceptible to attack by third parties.

74 That having been stated, we (like Choo J) would also add the caveat that
our purposive reading of s 99(2) leads only to the conclusion that the
provision is inapplicable on the present set of facts; it does not in any way
determine the effect of the Husband’s death on the appeal in relation to the
ancillary matters, as that is not in issue before us (see Hou Wa Yi 2012 HC at
[8]).

75 For completeness, we add that had the Appellants brought the present
application for declaratory relief in their personal capacities without more,
such an application would fail for lack of standing, simply because they were
not asserting a right personal to them; the rights at stake resided in the
Husband and the Respondent instead (see the decision of this court in Karaha
Bodas Co LLC v Pertamina Energy Trading Ltd and another appeal [2006] 1 SLR(R)
112 at [15]).

76 In the premises, the Appellants must fail in respect of Issue 3.

Conclusion

77 For the reasons set out above, the appeal is dismissed. The parties are to
submit written arguments (not exceeding 10 pages) on the issue of the costs of
the present appeal to this court no later than two weeks from the date of
release of the present judgment. The costs orders below are to stand.

Chao Hick Tin Andrew Phang Boon Leong Quentin Loh  
Judge of Appeal Judge of Appeal Judge

Koh Tien Hua and Yoon Min Joo (Harry Elias Partnership LLP) for the
appellants;  
Dorothy Chai Li Li (Dorothy Chai Law Practice) for the respondent.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:39 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

