Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the republic of singapore

[2016] SGHC 202

Suit No 218 of 2015  
(Registrar’s Appeal No 278 of 2016)

Between

| BDC  
---|---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

(1)| BDD  
---|---  
(2)| BDE  
  
… Defendants

grounds of decision

[Arbitration] — [Stay of court proceedings]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
BDC

  
v

  

BDD and another

  

[2016] SGHC 202

High Court — Suit No 218 of 2015 (Registrar’s Appeal No 278 of 2016)  
Lee Seiu Kin J  
22 August 2016

22 September 2016

Lee Seiu Kin J

1 This was an appeal by the plaintiff against the decision of the assistant
registrar to stay proceedings in suit no 218 of 2015 (“the Suit”) against the
second defendant in favour of arbitration.

Background

2 The plaintiff, intending to carry out addition and alteration works (“the
Works”) on a two-storey conservation shophouse (“the Property”), engaged the
second defendant as architects for the Works. The contract of engagement
included an arbitration clause.

3 The plaintiff had earlier engaged the first defendant to carry out a survey
of the Property and produce drawings of the building structure of the Property
(“the Drawings”). The plaintiff passed the Drawings to the second defendant,
which used them to prepare architectural design drawings (“the Design”). It
turned out that the Design was based on a wrong dimension. That dimension
(“the Dimension”) was obtained by the second defendant from the Drawings by
means of scaling, ie, measuring the distance from the Drawings which were
purportedly drawn to scale. As it turned out, this part of the Drawings was
not accurately drawn to scale. The Design, based on the Dimension (which was
erroneous), was submitted to the relevant authorities for approval. This was
eventually granted. It was only after a contractor was engaged to carry out
the Works that the error was discovered. In the event, the Design was
rectified and re-submitted for approval. However, this caused the Works to be
delayed. The plaintiff claimed that it had incurred various forms of losses as
a result of this delay.

4 Initially, the plaintiff took out the Suit against the first defendant only.
In its defence, the first defendant pointed out that the Dimension was not
expressly stated in the Drawings and that it was not good practice for such a
crucial element of the Design to be scaled off from the Drawings. Following
this, the plaintiff added the second defendant to the Suit. There was no
arbitration clause in the contract between the plaintiff and the first
defendant.

The issue and the submissions

5 The issue before me was whether the second defendant was entitled to a stay
of proceedings in favour of arbitration. The plaintiff submitted that, as
there was no arbitration agreement between the plaintiff and the first
defendant, the latter could not be joined in any arbitration between the
plaintiff and the second defendant. A stay of proceedings would result in
parallel proceedings: in court between the plaintiff and the first defendant,
on the one hand, and in arbitration between the plaintiff and the second
defendant, on the other. Although the issue of whether the second defendant,
in scaling the Dimension from the Drawings, had breached its duty, contractual
or otherwise, to the plaintiff was special to the second defendant and did not
involve the first defendant, there were two common issues in the plaintiff’s
claims against both defendants. These pertained to causation as well as the
quantum of damages. The plaintiff submitted that a stay of proceedings should
be refused because there would otherwise be a risk of inconsistent findings by
the court, on the one hand, and the arbitral tribunal, on the other.

6 The plaintiff cited the case of Taunton-Collins v Cromie and Others [1964] 1
WLR 633 (“Taunton-Collins”), in which the English Court of Appeal refused a
stay of proceedings in favour of arbitration. The plaintiff in Taunton-Collins
had engaged an architect to design a house and contractors to build it based
on the architect’s design. The work turned out to be unsatisfactory and the
plaintiff sued the architect for breaching his duty in badly designing the
house and in not keeping proper supervision over the contractors. The
plaintiff subsequently joined the contractors as second defendant. In reliance
on the arbitration clause in the construction contract, the contractors
applied for a stay of proceedings in favour of arbitration. The decision of
the official referee to deny a stay of proceedings was upheld by the English
Court of Appeal. Lord Denning MR considered (at 635) that it was most
undesirable for two separate tribunals to decide the same questions of fact as
this could result in inconsistent findings. Other factors which persuaded the
Master of the Rolls to deny a stay of proceedings were the additional costs
involved in having two proceedings going on side by side, further delay and
procedural difficulties (at 635–636). Citing Halifax Overseas Freighters Ltd.
v Rasno Export; Technoprominport; and Polskie Linie Oceaniczne P.P.W. (The
“Pine Hill.”) [1958] 2 Lloyd’s Rep 146, Lord Denning agreed (at 636) that
judicial procedure would risk being brought into disrepute should there be
conflicting decisions of different tribunals. Pearson LJ added (at 637) that
the case presented a conflict between two well-established principles: (a)
that parties should normally be held to their contractual agreements; and (b)
that a multiplicity of proceedings is highly undesirable as great confusion
may arise if there are different decisions on the same question. He also
pointed out (at 637) that this was not a case where the architect had been
cynically added as a second defendant in order to avoid the arbitration
clause. It was a case in which the plaintiff had wanted to sue the architect,
but on account of the architect putting part of the blame on the contractors
in his defence, the plaintiff had to bring in the latter as a second
defendant. Before me, the plaintiff submitted that Taunton-Collins was on all
fours with the present case.

7 The second defendant submitted that a crucial difference between Taunton-
Collins and the present case was that there was one crucial issue that did not
overlap. This was the question whether the second defendant was in breach of
its duty, contractual or otherwise, to the plaintiff by having obtained the
Dimension by means of scaling it from the Drawings. There was no dispute of
fact pertaining to this issue and it was a question that could be simply and
neatly posed to the arbitrator for his decision. The second defendant
submitted that this was therefore a suitable situation for the grant of a stay
of proceeding on terms, ie, for the arbitrator to decide only on the question
whether there was such a breach of duty by the second defendant. A decision
against the plaintiff would dispose of its claim against the second defendant
in the Suit as that claim was predicated upon such breach of duty. On the
other hand, if the arbitrator decided against the second defendant, the stay
of proceedings would be discharged and the Suit could proceed on the basis of
the arbitrator’s finding that the second defendant had breached that duty. In
support of this position, the second defendant cited the decision of the Court
of Appeal in Tomolugen Holdings Ltd and another v Silica Investors Ltd and
other appeals [2016] 1 SLR 373 (“Tomolugen”) and the decision of the High
Court in Maybank Kim Eng Securities Pte Ltd v Lim Keng Yong and another [2016]
3 SLR 431 (“Maybank”).

My decision

8 In Tomolugen, the plaintiff (“Silica”) was a minority shareholder of a
company (“AMRG”) and sought relief under s 216 of the Companies Act (Cap 50,
2006 Rev Ed) for oppressive or unfairly prejudicial conduct. The eight
defendants comprised AMRG and some of its shareholders and directors. Silica
had purchased shares in AMRG from the second defendant (“Lionsgate”) under a
share sale agreement which contained an arbitration clause. There were four
allegations made by Silica against the defendants, one of which fell within
the scope of the arbitration clause (“the Arbitrable Allegation”). Under the
International Arbitration Act (Cap 143A, 2002 Rev Ed) (“IAA”), on application
by any party to an arbitration agreement under s 6(1) of the IAA, the court
must order a stay of proceedings pursuant to s 6(2) of the IAA, which provides
as follows:

(2) The court to which an application has been made in accordance with
subsection (1) shall make an order, upon such terms or conditions as it may
think fit, staying the proceedings so far as the proceedings relate to the
matter, unless it is satisfied that the arbitration agreement is null and
void, inoperative or incapable of being performed.

9 In the event, the Court of Appeal issued (at [191]) a stay of proceedings on
the following terms:

(a) Silica to decide within a specified period whether it intends to pursue
the Arbitrable Allegation against Lionsgate by arbitration.

(b) If Silica decides to do so, then:

(i) As between Silica and Lionsgate, the court proceedings in respect of the
Arbitrable Allegation will be stayed in favour of arbitration under s 6 of the
IAA.

(ii) The remaining court proceedings between Silica and Lionsgate, as well as
the entirety of the court proceedings against the remaining defendants will
also be stayed in the interests of case management, subject to certain
provisos.

(iii) Silica to decide within the specified period whether it is willing to
offer to arbitrate the Arbitrable Allegation with the remaining defendants on
specified terms. If Silica makes such an offer to arbitrate, the remaining
defendants are to respond to Silica’s offer within two weeks. Regardless of
whether or not the remaining defendants accept any offer to arbitrate which
Silica may make, pending the resolution of the arbitration concerning the
Arbitrable Allegation, the court proceedings against the remaining defendants
in respect of all four allegations will be stayed, subject to certain
provisos.

(c) If, on the other hand, Silica abandons reliance on the Arbitrable
Allegation, then it may proceed in court against all eight defendants in
respect of the other three allegations made in the Suit, save for the
Arbitrable Allegation.

10 In making the order on those terms, the Court of Appeal was concerned with
striking a balance between complying with the requirement of granting a stay
of proceedings in favour of arbitration as mandated by s 6(2) of the IAA and
the efficient disposition of the dispute, which was between multiple parties
and which involved multiple issues. The Court of Appeal exercised its powers
of case management to craft the stay of proceedings on terms that would
promote the most efficacious disposal of all the issues in dispute between the
parties.

11 Tomolugen involved the IAA, under which a stay of proceedings is mandatory.
The arbitration agreement in the present case was governed by the Arbitration
Act (Cap 10, 2002 Rev Ed) (“the AA”), under which the power of the court to
stay court proceedings is discretionary. This is provided for by s 6 of the
AA, the relevant provisions of which read as follows:

Stay of legal proceedings

6.—(1) Where any party to an arbitration agreement institutes any proceedings
in any court against any other party to the agreement in respect of any matter
which is the subject of the agreement, any party to the agreement may, at any
time after appearance and before delivering any pleading or taking any other
step in the proceedings, apply to that court to stay the proceedings so far as
the proceedings relate to that matter.

(2) The court to which an application has been made in accordance with
subsection (1) may, if the court is satisfied that —

(a) there is no sufficient reason why the matter should not be referred in
accordance with the arbitration agreement; and

(b) the applicant was, at the time when the proceedings were commenced, and
still remains, ready and willing to do all things necessary to the proper
conduct of the arbitration,

make an order, upon such terms as the court thinks fit, staying the
proceedings so far as the proceedings relate to that matter.

12 In Maybank, the first defendant entered into contracts for difference with
the plaintiff (“MKE”), a securities brokerage. A dispute arose between the
first defendant and MKE which was subject to an arbitration clause falling
under the AA. The second defendant was the first defendant’s remisier, and MKE
claimed against him under an indemnity agreement which did not contain an
arbitration clause. MKE urged the assistant registrar to refuse a stay of
proceedings on the ground that there was a risk of inconsistent findings.
However, the assistant registrar stayed the proceedings against the first
defendant. In addition, following Tomolugen, the assistant registrar exercised
the court’s power of case management to stay the proceedings against the
second defendant pending the outcome of the arbitration between MKE and the
first defendant. The plaintiff’s appeal was dismissed by Steven Chong J
(“Chong J”), who held (at [22]) that the principles enunciated in Tomolugen
are applicable in cases involving arbitrations under the AA. Although a stay
of proceedings under the AA is discretionary, unlike the mandatory stay of
proceedings under the IAA, Chong J was of the opinion (at [23]) that the
burden is nevertheless on the party who wishes to proceed in court to show
sufficient reason against the stay of proceedings and the court will only
refuse it in exceptional cases. The judge also said (at [23]) that:

… the higher-order concerns identified by the Court of Appeal [in Tomolugen],
namely: the plaintiff’s right to choose whom he wants to sue and where; the
court’s desire to prevent a plaintiff from circumventing the operation of an
arbitration clause; and the court’s inherent power to manage its processes to
prevent an abuse of process and ensure the efficient and fair resolution of
disputes, apply equally whether the relevant arbitration is governed by the
IAA or the AA.

13 I respectfully agreed with Chong J that the same principles apply in
arbitrations governed by the AA. The only difference is that the court has the
discretion to grant or refuse a stay of proceedings under the AA and the only
question is whether the circumstances of the case justify a stay of
proceedings or otherwise.

14 In the case before me, there were three main issues for determination by
the arbitrator: (a) whether the second defendant, in scaling the Dimension
from the Drawings, had breached its duty, contractual or otherwise, to the
plaintiff; (b) whether such a breach had caused the plaintiff’s losses,
whether in part or in full; and (c) the quantum of damages. I was of the view
that the most expedient and cost-effective solution that would give effect to
the arbitration agreement as well as the policy against possible inconsistent
findings was to stay the proceedings in relation to issue (a) in favour of
arbitration. The arbitral tribunal has the advantage of an arbitrator (or
arbitrators) who would possess specialist knowledge of industry norms in
deciding whether or not there was such a breach of duty by the second
defendant. Such an arbitration can be completed very quickly as there is no
substantive dispute of fact. If it is resolved in favour of the second
defendant, the matter ends there for the second defendant and the Suit may
then be proceeded with against the first defendant. On the other hand, if the
arbitration is resolved in favour of the plaintiff, then the Suit may resume
with the binding arbitral finding that the second defendant was in breach of
its duty to the plaintiff. The remaining issues of causation and quantum of
damages then fall to be determined by the court against both defendants. I
therefore ordered accordingly.

Lee Seiu Kin  
Judge

Lim Yee Ming and Lim Yu Jia (Kelvin Chia Partnership) for the plaintiff;  
Chan Kah Keen Melvin and Kishan Pillay s/o Rajagopal Pillay (TSMP Law
Corporation) for the second defendant.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:40 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

