Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the COURT OF APPEAL of the republic of singapore

[2016] SGCA 61

Civil Appeal No 200 of 2015

Between

PHOSAGRO ASIA PTE LTD  
---  
  
… Appellant

And

IOURI PIATTCHANINE  
---  
  
… Respondent

In the matter of Suit No 404 of 2014

Between

IOURI PIATTCHANINE  
---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

PHOSAGRO ASIA PTE LTD  
---  
  
… Defendant

Judgment

[Employment law] – [Contract of service] – [Misconduct]

[Employment law] – [Termination]

[Contract] – [Contractual terms] – [Fundamental breach]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Phosagro Asia Pte Ltd

  
v

  

Piattchanine, Iouri

[2016] SGCA 61

Court of Appeal — Civil Appeal No 200 of 2015  
Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA, Judith Prakash JA and Tay Yong Kwang JA  
18 August 2016

28 October 2016 Judgment reserved.

Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA (delivering the judgment of the court):

Introduction

1 A seemingly simple legal issue often belies extremely difficult issues of
both law as well as application. The present appeal exemplifies this in a very
stark manner. The crux of this appeal is the interpretation of just one phrase
– “serious misconduct”. More specifically, the question which arises is
whether the plaintiff-employee (“the Respondent”) was guilty of “serious
misconduct” within the scope of a particular term of his employment contract
(“the Employment Contract”), thus precluding him from claiming benefits from
the defendant-employer (“the Appellant”) following the termination of his
employment pursuant to the term(s) of the Employment Contract itself. The High
Court judge (“the Judge”) answered this question in the negative, thus
resulting in the Respondent succeeding in his claim. The Judge’s decision was
reported as Piattchanine, Iouri v Phosagro Asia Pte Ltd [2015] 5 SLR 1257
(“the Judgment”), and regard should be had, in particular, to the reasons he
gave at [252]–[262] of the Judgment.

2 We observe, parenthetically, that there was another phrase in the same
clause (cl 20 of the Employment Contract (“Cl 20”)), viz, “wilful breach or
non-observance” which had to be interpreted by the Judge. The Judge also found
in favour of the Respondent on this point and held that his conduct did not
amount to wilful breach or non-observance of his obligations under the
Employment Contract (see [263]–[265] of the Judgment). As will be apparent,
this latter phrase poses relatively fewer difficulties when compared to the
former phrase (viz, “serious misconduct”). It is noteworthy that the Judge did
not appear to be entirely comfortable with his finding that the Respondent had
not been guilty of “serious misconduct” under Cl 20. This also serves to
underscore the difficult issues of application alluded to right at the outset
of this judgment

3 Indeed, as will be explained below, we do not agree wholly with the approach
the Judge adopted in his interpretation of Cl 20 in general and the phrase
“serious misconduct” (contained therein) in particular. In order to avoid
running ahead of the analysis, we will only say at this juncture that whilst
the Judge sought to apply what he perceived were the governing principles at
common law, he did not, with respect, apply the full complement of legal
principles that are presently part of the Singapore legal landscape in so far
as the issue of discharge by breach is concerned.

4 We should also note that there is the further issue of the Appellant’s
counterclaim against the Respondent which the Judge allowed in part and which
we will also deal with in the course of this judgment.

5 By way of a final (albeit subsidiary) observation, we will also demonstrate
that some of the legal reasoning leading to the Judge’s decision with regard
to the Respondent’s claim – in particular his endorsement of the English Court
of Appeal decision of Cavenagh v William Evans Ltd [2013] 1 WLR 238
(“Cavenagh”) – was not, strictly speaking, necessary. We are loath to add more
obiter dicta about obiter dicta but, because some of the legal principles
referred to by the Judge were not only unnecessary but also (and more
importantly) not fully explored, we will set out some brief views in a Coda to
this judgment in order to flag out some important legal issues that will need
to be considered in more detail when they next come before the courts for a
definitive ruling.

6 We begin with a summary of the facts and the Judge’s decision.

Relevant background facts

7 The facts were set out comprehensively by the Judge at [2]–[29] of the
Judgment, and we gratefully adopt them. We will only reproduce the facts which
are necessary to provide the context for this appeal.

The incorporation of the Appellant

8 The Appellant, Phosagro Asia Pte Ltd, is a company incorporated in Singapore
and is fully owned by Phosint Trading Limited (“Phosint”), a Cyprus-
incorporated company. Phosint is, in turn, fully owned by the Phosagro Group,
which is based in Russia.

9 On 26 February 2013, Phosint entered into a share purchase agreement (“the
SPA”) for the purchase of Asiafert Trading Pte Ltd (“Asiafert”). The
Respondent was the sole director and shareholder of Asiafert at that time.
After Phosint bought over Asiafert, they renamed it Phosagro Asia Pte Ltd (ie,
the Appellant). Pursuant to the terms in the SPA, the Respondent’s employment
as Managing Director of Asiafert was to be continued on mutually agreeable
terms.

The Respondent’s employment contract

10 On 1 March 2013, the Appellant hired the Respondent as its Managing
Director pursuant to the Employment Contract. The draft of the Employment
Contract was prepared by the Respondent and he signed his own Employment
Contract on behalf of the Appellant. It should be noted the Appellant did not
and does not challenge the validity of the salient terms in the Employment
Contract.

11 Some of the salient terms of the Employment Contract are as follows:

2\. Subject as hereinafter provided the employment shall commence on 1st
March, 2013 for the period of three years having the option to be renewed by
another term with parties intentions to be decided one year before expiry of
the first term unless terminated by either party to the agreement by giving to
the other party not less than three months’ notice in writing. 100% annual
salary as one-off payment to be settled in case contract is terminated before
expiry of it’s validity.

3\. During the continuance of this agreement, the employee shall, unless
prevented by ill-health, devote such of his time and attention to the business
of the Company as shall be required for the proper performance of his duties
and in all respects conform to and comply with the directions and regulations
of the Board of directors of the Company and shall well and faithfully serve
the Company in all respects and use his best endeavours to promote the
interests of the Company. …

6\. The employee shall be entitled to receive annual bonuses as specified from
time to time.

…

14\. … Except of any reason stipulated in Point 20 of this Employment
Contract, if the employee is terminated or resigns prior to the completion of
his contractual period, annual salary as one-off payment to be settled in
full, should the contract is terminated before expiry of its validity.
employer shall give employee, or vice versa, three months’ notice in writing.

…

20\. If at any time during his employment, hereunder the employee shall be
guilty of any serious misconduct or any wilful breach or non-observance of any
of the stipulations herein contained and on his part to be observed or
performed or shall compound with his creditors generally or shall have a
Receiving Order in bankruptcy made against him then and in any such case, the
Company may terminate the employee’s employment hereunder without any notice
or payment in lieu of notice.

[emphasis added]

12 Pursuant to the Employment Contract, the Respondent was entitled to a
salary of $40,600 per month from 1 March 2013 to 31 December 2013, and $47,300
per month thereafter. The Respondent was also entitled to receive a guaranteed
bonus equal to 50% of his annual remuneration, as well as a discretionary
bonus of up to 50% of his annual remuneration. Besides salary and bonuses, the
Respondent was also entitled to the following benefits under the Employment
Contract:

(a) Clause 7: to have a telephone and to have overseas telephone bills
incurred in discharge of his duties paid for by the Appellant.

(b) Clause 8: to have his utility bills paid for by the Appellant.

(c) Clause 9: club membership fees, membership fees in various business clubs
which are deemed beneficial to the Appellant’s business, as well as fees for
language courses, business schools, and seminars would be borne by the
Appellant.

(d) Clause 10: the Appellant was to provide a motorcar “of suitable type” for
official and private use (all associated expenses including petrol and parking
fees were to be paid for by the Appellant).

(e) Clause 11: to be reimbursed for all travelling, hotel and other out-of-
pocket expenses incurred during business trips “according to the Company
regulations”.

(f) Clause 12: to be reimbursed for all entertainment expenses reasonably
incurred in discharge of his duties in “accordance with the Company
regulations”.

(g) Clause 13: to be provided free medical consultations and medicine for him
and his family.

(h) Clause 15: his and his family’s travelling expenses during annual leave
would be borne by the Appellant.

(i) Clause 19: the Appellant was to purchase life and accident insurance
policies for the Respondent.

For ease of reference, we will refer to the above expenses which the
Respondent was entitled to claim for as “corporate expenses” and we will refer
to all other expenses incurred by the Respondent as “personal expenses”.

The management of the Appellant

13 The Respondent managed the Appellant with one Maxim Popov (“Popov”), who
was an executive director of the Appellant. As Managing Director of the
Appellant, the Respondent had wide-ranging powers to run the Appellant’s
business and entertain actual or potential business partners. The Respondent
did not have to report to anybody when making day-to-day financial decisions
and there were no rules relating to the corporate governance of the Appellant
imposed by the new owners (ie, the Phosagro Group).

14 When it came to the handling of finances, the process in place was that the
Respondent would, on a monthly basis, submit his credit card expenses together
with supporting receipts to the Appellant’s external accountant, Tricor
Singapore Pte Ltd (“Tricor”). The Respondent used the credit card primarily
for corporate expenses, although he would occasionally use it for personal
expenses as well. After submitting the credit card statements, the Respondent
would then sign a cheque to himself as reimbursement for his expenses. The
same process applied to Popov – that is to say, he would also submit his
credit card statements accompanied by the supporting receipts to Tricor at the
end of each month for reimbursement – although it was the Respondent who would
sign the cheques to Popov. According to the Respondent, at the end of the
financial year, Tricor would identify expense claims that the Respondent and
Popov were not, or appeared not to be, entitled to and seek reimbursement from
them. The Judge and the parties referred to this as the “Expense Accounting
Practice”. It should be noted that there was no documentary evidence to
support the existence of the Expense Accounting Practice and the only evidence
on this issue came from the testimony of the Respondent. The Appellant,
however, did not dispute the existence of such an accounting practice at the
trial below and does not do so either in the appeal.

15 According to the Respondent, the Expense Accounting Practice was carried
over from Asiafert, where he was the sole shareholder and director. The
Expense Accounting Practice was never directly communicated to the Phosagro
Group, although the Appellant’s management accounts would be sent to the
Phosagro Group every month with the directors’ expenses listed therein.
However, a detailed breakdown of the expenses would not be found in those
accounts. It should also be noted that the Appellant had no regulations to
govern either its accounting practices or the process by which the
entertainment and expense claims of the directors were to be processed.

Termination of the Respondent’s employment

16 Shortly after the Respondent started work with the Appellant, tensions
arose between the Respondent on the one hand, and Popov and the officers from
the Phosagro Group on the other. These disagreements related to the direction
of the Appellant’s business.

17 In February 2014, the Respondent became aware that a director of the
Phosagro Group, one Sergey Sereda (“Sereda”), would be appointed to the
Appellant’s board of directors. The Respondent then sought legal advice from
M/s Rajah & Tann LLP (“R&T”) on whether there would be a conflict of interest
if Sereda were to be both a director of the Appellant as well as a director of
the Phosagro Group.

18 In its legal advice, R&T opined that there would likely be a conflict of
interest for the same person to act as director of both a parent and
subsidiary company. The Respondent forwarded this legal advice to Phosint’s
solicitors on 26 February 2014.

19 On 27 February 2014, the Respondent received an email from Andre Guryev
(“Guryev”), the CEO of the Phosagro Group, which contained only one line:
“What r u doing?”. The Respondent replied to Guryev on the same day,
explaining that he had sought the legal advice in the interest of the company
and the shareholders. Guryev did not reply.

20 The very next day, on 28 February 2014, the Respondent received a
termination letter from the Appellant which was signed by Popov (“the 28
February 2014 Letter”). The material paragraphs of the 28 February 2014 Letter
are as follows:

1\. This letter serves as notice that your employment as a Director of
Phosagro Asia Pte. Ltd. (the “Company”) is terminated pursuant to the terms of
the employment contract dated 1 March 2013 (the “Employment Contract”).

2\. The termination takes effect immediately.

3\. Subject to such deductions as the Company is entitled to make, the Company
will arrange payment of such monies that may be due to you. In this respect,
the Company is looking into the amount, if any, to be paid to you on account
of the termination of your employment. Any amount to which you are entitled
will in any case be subject to deductions to be determined by the relevant
authorities.

…

6\. The Company reserves the right to withhold any payment which may otherwise
be due to you on account of any breach of contract and/or any misconduct or
non-observance of the Employment Contract and/or breach of any of your
fiduciary duties and/or in the event that a claim is to be made against you,
whether for misrepresentation or otherwise or in relation to your non-
performance / inadequate performance of your duties.

[emphasis added]

21 Subsequently, on 18 March 2014, the Respondent received a second letter
from the Appellant (“the 18 March 2014 Letter”). The material portions of the
18 March 2014 Letter are as follows:

1\. We refer to our letter dated 28 February 2014 in which you were given
notice of termination of your employment.

2\. Subsequent to your termination of employment, we have looked into various
matters and discrepancies arising whilst you were the Managing Director of the
Company. From our investigation, it has become apparent that you have been
guilty of serious misconduct and/or have not acted in the Company’s best
interest and/or have acted in breach of your fiduciary duties to the Company.

… [details of allegedly wrongful claims were set out] …

8\. As set out above, it appears that an amount of SGD 498,651.57 has been
misappropriated, and that you are responsible for the same. For your
convenience, we are making available a copy of the relevant documents for the
impugned payments. If, on an examination of the documents you are able to
account for any of the impugned payments, we trust that you would respond
within 10 days hereof. Particularly, in relation to each claim you should
provide:

i) details of why the payment had been justified;

ii) identify any other party who had approved the expense/payment;

iii) set out the circumstances in which the approval had been sought and
obtained; and

iv) copies of all documents recording the relevant approval.

9\. In the circumstances, without prejudice to our other rights, we hereby put
you on notice that your employment with the Company is summarily terminated.

10\. Given the matters set out above, it is apparent that you are not entitled
to receive either payment in lieu of notice or the 100% annual salary as one-
off payment. In fact, we reserve the right to assert a set off and/or make a
claim for the monies wrongfully paid out. This may include a claim for other
sums which may not have been specifically referred to in this letter. As such,
for the avoidance of doubt, all rights are reserved.

The 18 March 2014 Letter was accompanied by a stack of receipts relating to
the allegedly wrongful expense claims made by the Respondent.

22 On 4 April 2014, the Respondent’s solicitors sent a letter to the Appellant
claiming that there was no basis for the allegations made in the 18 March 2014
Letter. The Respondent instead claimed for a sum of $1,946,400 which was
asserted to be due and payable to him.

23 The Respondent then commenced Suit No 404 of 2014 on 14 April 2014.

The decision below

The Respondent’s claim

24 In his primary claim, the Respondent asked for damages pursuant to the
Appellant’s alleged contractual breach and sought the salary and bonuses he
would have earned if he had been employed for the full three-year term. As
this claim was rejected by the Judge and no appeal has been brought against
that decision, we will not detail the particulars of this claim.

25 As an alternative, the Respondent claimed, among other things, one year’s
salary which was due to him under cl 2 of the Employment Contract given that
the Employment Contract was terminated before the expiry of the three-year
term (“the Alternative Claim”). The Respondent argued that he was entitled to
the following sums:

(a) Salary for three months’ notice amounting to S$141,900.00.

(b) Salary for the period between March 2014 and February 2015 amounting to
S$567,600.00.

(c) Guaranteed bonus for the period between March 2013 and February 2014
amounting to S$243,600.00.

(d) Guaranteed bonus for the period between March 2014 and February 2015
amounting to S$283,800.00.

Total: S$1,236,900.00

The Appellant’s counterclaim

26 The Appellant’s counterclaim was for a total of $499,719.20 which consisted
of 867 claims of allegedly unauthorised payments. These claims were divided by
the Appellant into the following eight categories:

(a) Category A: claims amounting to S$100,340.40 which the Respondent
admitted, in his Reply and Defence to Counterclaim (Amendment No 1), were
unauthorised. The Respondent averred that he had fully intended to settle
those sums at the end of the financial year (after the accounts had been
audited), but that he had not been given a chance to do so before he was
terminated.

(b) Category B: claims relating to expenses incurred prior to the commencement
of the Employment Contract (ie, 1 March 2013).

(c) Category C: claims relating to the Respondent’s expenses overseas which
the Appellant asserted were the Respondent’s and his family’s personal
vacation expenses. The Respondent claimed that these overseas expenses were
either spent on business trips or on entertaining potential business partners
for the Appellant’s business.

(d) Category D: claims for services and purchases that the Appellant asserted
were personal in nature. The Respondent’s position, generally, was that these
expenses either related to benefits he was entitled to under his Employment
Contract, or were made for the Appellant and its staff.

(e) Category E: claims for food and beverage expenses. The Appellant asserted
that these were personal expenses, pointing out that they were largely for
meals on the weekend or on public holidays. The Respondent claimed that all
the expenses in Category E were corporate expenses.

(f) Category F: claims for expenses incurred at hotels in Singapore. The
Respondent claimed that these hotel expenses were incurred when he hosted
actual or potential business partners of the Appellant.

(g) Category G: claims for taxi services in Singapore. The Appellant asserted
that the Respondent had no basis to make taxi claims because the Appellant had
already provided him with a motor car.

(h) Category H: a residual category of claims which include a substantial
payment of $209,601.63 to Fincastle Trading Limited and a payment of
$10,718.50 to BNP Paribas. The Respondent was the sole shareholder of
Fincastle Trading Limited and he alleged that the payments were part of his
bonus for the year. As for the payment to BNP Paribas, the Respondent said
that the payment was for charges relating to an overdraft facility. According
to Popov, these charges were unnecessary and had only been incurred because
the Respondent was careless and had failed to close an overdraft facility.

The decision

27 As no cross-appeal is brought by the Respondent, we will only summarise the
findings of the Judge which are germane to the present appeal.

28 The Judge dealt first with the Appellant’s counterclaim since he held that
the extent of the Respondent’s alleged wrongdoing vis-à-vis the unauthorised
payments would have a bearing on the determination of the Respondent’s claim.
In this regard, the Judge made the following findings:

(a) Category A expenses: this was not in issue as the Respondent accepted that
he was not entitled to these sums.

(b) Category B expenses: the Judge found that the Respondent was not entitled
to claim for expenses which were incurred prior to 1 March 2013 even if they
were business expenses of Asiafert (see the Judgment at [62]).

(c) Category C expenses: the Judge found that there was insufficient evidence
to establish that the Respondent was not entitled to these sums. The Judge
noted that the Respondent, when probed, was always able to explain the
business meetings he attended on these overseas trips. The Judge further held
that in the absence of specific company regulations to the contrary, even
“mixed business and personal trips” – that is to say, trips where the
Respondent was accompanied by his family and where he had a number of business
meetings but did not spend all his time working – qualified as “business
trips” (see the Judgment at [70]−[71]).

(d) Category D expenses: the Judge found that there were a large number of
items in respect of which no evidence was adduced at trial to show why the
Respondent was not entitled to them. Of those items which the Appellant
specifically adduced evidence on, the Judge only found that a transaction for
a spa service at St Regis Hotel was a personal expense which the Respondent
was not entitled to claim for (see the Judgment at [77]−[78]).

(e) Category E expenses: the Judge found that they were legitimate business
expenses incurred by the Respondent in the discharge of his duties (see the
Judgment at [79]−[85]).

(f) Category F expenses: the Judge found that there was insufficient evidence
to prove that these claims were wrongful and that the Respondent had managed,
prima facie, to give reasonable explanations for each hotel expense he was
questioned about. His general explanation was that these expenses were spent
on hosting actual or potential business partners who came to Singapore (see
the Judgment at [86]−[88]).

(g) Category G expenses: the Judge found that the Respondent was not entitled
to claim for taxi travel given that the Appellant had already provided him
with a motor car (see the Judgment at [89]−[90]).

(h) Category H expenses: the Judge found that the payment to BNP Paribas was a
corporate expense. The Judge noted that the Appellant was not claiming for
losses flowing from the Respondent’s negligence so even if the charges would
not have been incurred had the Respondent not been careless in failing to
close the overdraft, this would not change the character of the payment to BNP
Paribas; it would still be a corporate expense (see the Judgment at [96]). As
for the Fincastle Trading Ltd payments, the Judge found that the payments were
made as part of the Respondent’s annual bonus and were legitimate (see the
Judgment at [98]−[99]).

29 As for the Respondent’s Alternative Claim, the critical issue before the
Judge was whether the Appellant was entitled to terminate the Respondent
without any notice or payment in lieu of notice, which the Respondent would
ordinarily have been due under cl 14 of the Employment Contract. This question
turns on whether the Respondent was guilty of any serious misconduct or wilful
breach or non-observance of any of the stipulations in the Employment Contract
(as per cl 20 of the Employment Contract), which would entitle the Appellant
to terminate the contract without paying the aforementioned sums (see the
Judgment at [214]–[215]).

30 The Judge held that the Respondent had breached cl 3 of the Employment
Contract (“Cl 3”) to “faithfully serve the Company in all respects and use his
best endeavours to promote the interests of the Company” by applying the
Expense Accounting Practice. According to the Judge, the Respondent’s practice
of claiming for personal expenses during the year, and only reimbursing the
Appellant for these expenses when and if Tricor raised queries at the end of
the financial year, could not be said to be in the interest of the Appellant.
The Judge found that by so doing, there was a likelihood that not all the
personal expenses claimed by the Respondent would be reimbursed to the
Appellant since it would have been impossible for Tricor to determine which of
the claimed expenses were legitimate corporate expenses and which were the
Respondent’s personal expenses which he was not entitled to claim for (see the
Judgment at [237]−[238]).

31 For the same reasons (ie, by utilising the Expense Accounting Practice),
the Judge also held that the Respondent had breached his implied contractual
duty to serve the Appellant with good faith and fidelity (see the Judgment at
[242]) and his fiduciary duty to act in the best interests of the Appellant
(see the Judgment at [249]).

32 The Judge, however, found that although there were these breaches on the
part of the Respondent, he was not guilty of serious misconduct or wilful
breach or non-observance of the stipulations in the Employment Contract.

33 With respect to whether there was “serious misconduct”, the Judge found
that the breaches complained of were not so serious that they struck at the
root of the Employment Contract or destroyed the confidence underlying the
Contract. The Judge reached this conclusion on the basis that the Phosagro
Group and its shareholders seemed to show little to no interest in regulating
the way the finances of the Appellant were managed when it came to issues like
entertainment expenses or employment benefits. Further, the Judge accepted
that the Respondent had always intended to fully reimburse the Appellant for
all the personal expenses claims he made throughout the year. The Judge also
held that although the Respondent should have set up a better system to manage
claims for the reimbursement of expenses, the Respondent genuinely believed
that he was entitled to use the Expense Accounting Practice (see the Judgment
at [252]−[262]).

34 As for whether there was a wilful breach of the Employment Contract, the
Judge held that there was no intentionality or deliberateness in the
commission of the breaches (see the Judgment at [263]−[265]).

35 Therefore, the Judge held that the Respondent was not entitled to rely on
Cl 20 to terminate the Employment Contract. Consequently, the Respondent was
entitled to one year’s salary under cl 14 of the Employment Contract, as well
as three months’ salary for payment in lieu of notice (on the basis that a
term for the payment of salary in lieu of notice could be implied): see the
Judgment at [271] and [273]. The Judge also awarded one year’s bonus to the
Respondent for the period between 1 March 2013 and 28 February 2014 because
this bonus had accrued by the time he was terminated, but did not grant him
judgment for his claim for bonus for the period between March 2014 and
February 2015 (see the Judgment at [276]).

The parties’ arguments

The Appellant’s case

36 The Appellant has two primary grounds of appeal. The first ground of appeal
pertains to the Judge’s decision to allow the Respondent’s Alternative Claim
for the one year’s salary and three months’ salary for payment in lieu of
notice. According to the Appellant, the Judge erred both in law and fact by
finding that the Respondent’s breaches of his contractual, general and
fiduciary duties did not amount to serious misconduct or wilful breach under
the Employment Contract. The Appellant advances the following points to
support its first ground of appeal:

(a) The Respondent’s misconduct had a material impact on the employment
relationship between the Appellant and the Respondent.

(b) The Respondent did not genuinely believe that he was entitled to utilise
the Expense Accounting Practice nor did he intend to reimburse the Appellant
for personal expense claims. In any event, the Respondent’s willingness or
intention to repay the Appellant for the wrongfully claimed expenses could not
negate the severity of the wrongdoing and was consequently immaterial to the
question of whether there had been serious misconduct.

(c) The Respondent’s breach of fiduciary duties was significant and sufficient
in and of itself to warrant summary dismissal.

(d) It was irrelevant that the Respondent had a past practice of utilising the
Expense Accounting Practice.

37 The Appellant’s second ground of appeal pertains to the Judge’s decision to
only allow some of the Appellant’s counterclaim for the reimbursement of
personal expenses. The Appellant submits that the Judge had erred in
determining that the Appellant bore the burden of proving that the expenses
were personal in nature. In this regard, the Appellant argues that pursuant to
s 108 of the Evidence Act (Cap 97, 1997 Rev Ed) (“the Evidence Act”), it only
has to show a prima facie case that the expense claims were personal in nature
and that, thereafter, the burden was on the Respondent to show that the claims
had, in actual fact, been properly and reasonably incurred. The Appellant
submits that it had shown such a prima facie case, so the burden was on the
Respondent to justify the expenses but he had not done so.

The Respondent’s case

38 In response to the Appellant’s first ground of appeal, the Respondent
argues the following:

(a) The Judge was correct in finding that the Phosagro Group was largely
indifferent to the Respondent’s management of the Appellant’s accounting
practices and had therefore correctly found that the Respondent’s misconduct
had little impact on the employer-employee relationship between the Appellant
and the Respondent.

(b) The Judge was correct in taking into account the fact that the Respondent
did have the intention to reimburse the Appellant and that this supported the
finding that there was no serious misconduct or wilful breach of the
Respondent’s contractual obligations.

(c) The Judge was correct in finding that a breach of fiduciary duty did not,
in and of itself, warrant summary dismissal and that, on the facts, the
Respondent’s breaches did not rise to the level as would justify summary
dismissal.

39 As for the Appellant’s second ground of appeal, the Respondent argues that
the Appellant had failed to establish a prima facie case to show that the
expense claims were personal in nature. Additionally, even if the burden fell
on the Respondent to show that these expense claims were not personal, the
Respondent had successfully discharged this burden.

The issues before this court

40 There are two main issues to be considered, which correspond to the two
grounds of appeal raised by the Appellant:

(a) first, whether the Respondent was guilty of serious misconduct and/or
wilful breaches of the Employment Contract (“Issue 1”); and

(b) secondly, whether the Appellant is entitled to reimbursement of all of the
alleged personal claims (“Issue 2”).

Our decision

Issue 1

41 The focus – as we have, in fact, assumed from the outset of this judgment –
appears to us to be a fairly conventional one. Put simply, what is crucial in
the context of the present appeal is simply an issue of interpretation:
whether there had been “serious misconduct” and/or “wilful breaches” of the
Employment Contract within the meaning of Cl 20. If there had been such
“serious misconduct” and/or “wilful breaches”, the Respondent would fail in
his claim against the Appellant (see also the Judgment at [251]). The natural
corollary of this is that should there not have been “serious misconduct”
and/or “wilful breaches” of the Employment Contract within the meaning of Cl
20, the Respondent would succeed in his claim against the Appellant as there
would have been no justification for the Appellant to summarily dismiss the
Respondent. Indeed, this was the finding which was made by the Judge.

42 However, we do note that there was a prior (arguably threshold) issue that
was considered by the Judge and this was whether the Appellant could even
invoke Cl 20 in the first place since it had only sought to rely on this
particular clause in the Employment Contract in its 18 March 2014 Letter after
it had first purported to terminate the Respondent’s employment via the 28
February 2014 letter. In this particular regard, the Judge had utilised the
seminal English Court of Appeal decision of Boston Deep Sea Fishing and Ice
Company v Ansell (1888) 39 Ch D 339 (“Boston Deep Sea Fishing”) by analogy in
order to arrive at the conclusion that Cl 20 could, in fact, be relied upon by
the Appellant. The legal principle in embodied in Boston Deep Sea Fishing is
well-established and was succinctly (and helpfully) summarised by the Judge as
follows (see the Judgment at [164]−[165]):

164 Boston Deep Sea Fishing stands for the proposition that if an employer did
not rely on his employee’s misconduct at the time of the dismissal because he
did not know about it, he may subsequently invoke the said misconduct as a
defence to a wrongful dismissal claim brought by the employee. This
“transforms” what would have been a termination in breach of contract by the
employer (hence giving rise to a claim for damages on the part of the
employee), to a lawful termination pursuant to a repudiatory breach of the
contract by the employee (removing any right on the employee’s part to claim
for damages).

165 Boston Deep Sea Fishing was more equivocal, however, about what would be
the case if the employer knew about the misconduct but did not rely on it to
dismiss the employee. In this regard, as seen from the passage quoted above,
Cotton LJ seemed to have contemplated the possibility that estoppel may arise
to preclude an employer from relying on those grounds of misconduct.

[emphasis in original]

The principle in Boston Deep Sea Fishing has been applied by our courts on
several occasions (see eg, the Singapore High Court decisions of Goh Kim Hai
Edward v Pacific Can Investment Holdings Ltd [1996] 1 SLR(R) 540 and Cowie
Edward Bruce v Berger International Pte Ltd [1999] 1 SLR(R) 739).

43 At this juncture, it is important to emphasise that while the Judge
referred to the legal principle in Boston Deep Sea Fishing, he was not
actually applying the principle directly but was instead using it
analogically. It can be readily seen why the Judge had to do so. The legal
principle in Boston Deep Sea Fishing was set out in the context of the
termination of an employment contract for breach at common law. The facts of
the present case are quite different in so far as they concern the termination
of an employment contract (by the Appellant) pursuant to the express terms of
the employment contract (viz, the Employment Contract) itself. It is our view,
however, that the Judge was entirely correct in drawing, by analogy, from the
legal principle established in Boston Deep Sea Fishing and applying it in the
context of a termination of an employment contract for breach at common law.
In particular, we see no reason in principle why the general proposition
embodied in Boston Deep Sea Fishing (albeit at common law) ought not to apply
in a situation where the termination of the employment contract is effected
pursuant to the express term(s) of the employment contract itself. Put simply,
if an employer (here, the Appellant) has purported to terminate the employment
contract pursuant to the terms of that contract without relying on any
particular clause, we see no reason in principle and logic why the employer
ought not to be permitted to subsequently specify and rely upon a clause which
justifies summary dismissal without compensation (in this case, Cl 20), even
if the employer was not aware of its right to do so at the time of
termination.

44 The Judge, however, went further and considered the effect of the English
Court of Appeal decision of Cavenagh, which purported to modify the legal
principle established over a century earlier in Boston Deep Sea Fishing.
Cavenagh involved a situation where the employer sought, first, to terminate
the employment contract concerned pursuant to an express term of the contract
itself, but subsequently discovered wrongdoing on the part of the employee
which would have entitled it (the employer) to terminate the employment
contract for breach at common law instead. The court in Cavenagh held that the
employer could not avail itself of the principle contained in Boston Deep Sea
Fishing to terminate the contract for breach at common law instead. Central to
its decision was the fact that any monetary remedy for termination under the
former would, as noted both by the Judge and by the court in Cavenagh itself,
result in an accrued debt that is due to the employee concerned pursuant to
the employment contract itself, whereas any monetary remedy for termination
under the latter would result in an award of damages to the employee
concerned. The former remedy (viz, an accrued debt) is, of course, a
liquidated amount, whereas the latter remedy (viz, an award of damages)
involves an unliquidated amount (that is also subject to possible legal
limitations such as causation, remoteness and mitigation). The Judge agreed
with the legal principle established in Cavenagh, but thought that it did not
apply on the facts of the present case because there was no “clash” between a
situation involving an accrued debt as a monetary remedy and one involving
damages as a monetary remedy. Whilst we can understand why the Judge wanted to
discuss Cavenagh in order to distinguish it, it was, with respect, not
necessary for the Judge to endorse the legal principle laid down in Cavenagh.
We will explain why this is so in a coda to our judgment (see [77]–[87] below)
but it suffices to say for now that there are persuasive arguments both for as
well as against the adoption of the legal principle laid down in Cavenagh and
it would, in our view, be preferable for the courts to express a definitive or
conclusive view only when it arises directly for decision in a future case.

45 Indeed, it is common ground between the parties in the context of the
present appeal that there are no legal difficulties surrounding the threshold
question as to whether Cl 20 could even be relied upon in the first place.
This is – having regard to the reasons we have set out above – the correct
position to adopt.

46 We turn now to consider Cl 20, which constitutes, as already mentioned, the
crux of the present appeal. It would be apposite to set out the clause once
again, as follows:

20\. If at any time during his employment, hereunder the employee [the
Respondent] shall be guilty of [1] any serious misconduct or [2] any wilful
breach or non-observance of any of the stipulations herein contained and on
his part to be observed or performed or [3] shall compound with his creditors
generally or [4] shall have a Receiving order in bankruptcy made against him
then in any such case, the Company [the Appellant] may terminate the
employee’s employment hereunder without any notice or payment in lieu of
notice. [emphasis added in bold, bold italics and underlined bold italics]

47 Cl 20, as set out in the preceding paragraph, comprises four limbs which,
for ease of reference, we shall refer to as limbs [1], [2], [3] and [4],
respectively (we have marked out each limb by way of a series of
interpolations). For the purposes of the present case, we are only concerned
with the first two limbs (viz, limbs [1] and [2]); and, as will be evident
from the outset of this judgment, our particular focus is on limb [1], which
relates to the issue of “serious misconduct”.

48 It is important to note at this particular juncture that, in interpreting
Cl 20, there appears to us to be, in substance, no difference between limbs
[1] and [2], save in two important respects. First, limb [2] necessarily
involves (by dint of the presence of the word “wilful”) an intentional breach
or non-observance of one or more of the express terms of the Employment
Contract itself (which, of course, must be ascertained based on the objective
evidence available). The second difference is no less important. It would
appear that any wilful breach of any of the terms of the Employment Contract
would – without more – justify the Appellant in terminating the Respondent’s
employment, irrespective of the severity of the breach. This is different from
limb [1], which requires that the misconduct rise to the level of being
“serious” before the right to summarily dismiss the employee may be exercised.

Was there “serious misconduct” by the Respondent under Cl 20?

49 It is in this regard that the central question arises for consideration:
what guidelines should apply in determining whether there has been “serious
misconduct” for the purpose of limb [1]? In the absence of any guidance from
the terms of the contract itself, there is a danger that any standard set by
the court might be viewed as arbitrary. In our judgment, therefore, the most
principled approach would be to look to the common law principles relating to
discharge of breach for guidance. Put simply, under [1], “serious misconduct”
refers to a breach of the Employment Contract that is so serious that it would
justify the Appellant in terminating the Respondent’s employment without more
(and, in particular, without the need for (as Cl 20 itself states) “any notice
or payment in lieu of notice”). When looked at in this light, it is clear that
the common law principles relating to discharge by breach (ie, a repudiatory
breach) which have been set out by this court in RDC Concrete Pte Ltd v Sato
Kogyo (S) Pte Ltd and another appeal [2007] 4 SLR(R) 413 (“RDC Concrete”)
would be relevant to the determination of whether the Respondent was guilty of
“serious misconduct” within the meaning of Cl 20. This was the approach
adopted by counsel for the Appellant, Mr Paul Tan. We add also that counsel
for the Respondent, Mr Eugene Thuraisingam (“Mr Thuraisingam”), did not
(correctly, in our view) seek to adopt (in substance at least) a different
approach.

50 The decision of the Judge with regard to the issue as to whether there had
been “serious misconduct” by the Respondent which justified the termination of
his employment by the Appellant are contained at [252]−[262] of the Judgment.
Because of their importance to the present appeal, we reproduce these
paragraphs in full as follows:

(1) Serious misconduct

252 The parties have not made submissions on how I should interpret the term
“serious misconduct”. Unfortunately, the words do not speak with clarity for
themselves – while a degree of gravity is clearly required, there is little
else we can gather from the language of the contract itself. As such, I found
it helpful to refer to the case law relating to employment contracts to see
when, under common law, the courts have found that the employee’s misconduct
was sufficiently grave or serious to constitute a repudiatory breach,
justifying summary dismissal.

253 In Cowie Edward Bruce ([157] supra) at [39], the High Court held:

In each case, it is a matter of degree whether the act complained of is of the
requisite gravity… it must be so serious that it strikes at the root of the
contract of employment, that it destroys the confidence underlying such a
contract.

The judge then continued at [40] to state:

The relevancy and effect of any misdeed complained of must, it seems to me, be
judged by reference to its effect on the employer-employee relationship. It
also seems to me that in judging the relevancy and effect of the acts
complained of, account must be taken of the habits and attitude of the
employer at the relevant time. They cannot be judged totally in a vacuum.
[emphasis added]

254 This holding was affirmed in Surteco Pte Ltd v Siebke Detlev Kurt [2011]
SGHC 74 at [12] as well as in Aldabe Fermin ([155] supra) at [58]. Thus, it is
clear that careful attention must be paid to the effect the breaches of duty
has on the employer-employee relationship. Naturally, this would be affected
in part by the employer’s attitude to the breaches in question.

255 Based on the evidence, it appears that since the Phosagro Group took over
the [Appellant], they have neither enquired about the existing accounting
practices of the [Appellant], nor have they taken steps to implement new
corporate governance and accounting regulations. The shareholders have shown
little to no interest in regulating the way the finances of the [Appellant]
are managed when it comes to issues like entertainment expenses or employment
benefits.

256 Moreover, it is clear that what put a strain on the employment
relationship was the difference in views on bigger issues like the business
direction the [Appellant’s] business should take, and the appointment of new
directors onto the [Appellant’s] board. It does not appear that issues to do
with the expenses of the directors or internal financial accountability were
that significant to the [Respondent’s] employers [ie, the Appellant].

257 Therefore, while the [Respondent’s] practice of claiming for personal
expenses and, in all likelihood, not fully accounting for them at the end of
the financial year, was a breach of his contractual and fiduciary duties, I am
of the view that it did not constitute “serious misconduct” under cl 20 of the
Employment Contract. I emphasise that I accept the [Respondent’s] evidence
that he intended to fully reimburse the [Appellant] for all the personal
expense claims he made throughout the year. Whether the system that he had put
in place to do so was sufficiently rigorous, or whether his judgment of what
were “personal” and “business” expenses was entirely accurate, are separate
questions. In my view, the fact that the [Respondent] made some wrongful
claims is not sufficient to justify a finding of “serious misconduct” such as
to trigger the operation of cl 20. In my view, the [Respondent] genuinely
believed that he was entitled to make the claims he did, and at trial, he
expressed full willingness to account for whatever he may have mistakenly
claimed.

258 When it comes to claims for expenses, it is understandable if employers
and employees have a different interpretation of what the employee is entitled
to claim and how the employee is to be reimbursed. This is especially so where
there are no clear contractually incorporated or internal company regulations.
As such, looking at the facts and circumstances as a whole, I do not find
evidence of serious misconduct arising from the mere fact that some expenses
claimed were wrongful.

259 What is trickier is the fact that the [Respondent] carried over the same
expense accounting practice he adopted at Asiafert (which he owned) in his
management of the [Appellant’s] operations. As discussed earlier, the expense
accounting practice, whilst convenient for the employee, was not in the best
interest of the [Appellant]. Nevertheless, it is still necessary to consider
this in the light of all the circumstances including the attitude of the
[Appellant] (and the owners of the [Appellant]). Whilst the matter was not
explored in depth, there was some evidence that Popov also submitted and
accepted expense reimbursements during the year. Further, it does not appear
that the new owners of the [Appellant] had taken any effort to establish
regulations over company expenses and claims, etc. Monthly financial
statements were provided to the Phosagro Group. These statements included the
expense claims/payments. Even if the Phosagro Group did not know the
individual details of the expense claims, they must have been aware that
sizeable claims were being made.

260 Whilst it has been held in Sinclair v Neighbour ([243] supra) that an
employee who takes money from the cash till (leaving behind an IOU) commits a
repudiatory breach of contract, each case must turn on its own facts and
circumstances. In the latter case, the employee knew that the employer would
not have given him permission to take cash from the till. This was a “knowing”
breach that destroyed the relationship of trust between the employee and the
employer and rendered the employment relationship untenable.

261 In the present case, I am satisfied that the [Respondent] believed that he
was entitled to use the expense accounting practice he carried over from
Asiafert and that the [Appellant] employer either knew or would not object to
that method. Indeed, there is some evidence that supports the [Respondent’s]
belief that the [Appellant] employer did not object and was broadly aware of
expense claims. On balance, I am of the view that whilst the [Respondent] as
the managing director could and should have set up a better system for expense
claim reimbursement (and was therefore in breach of his duties as managing
director), his breaches did not amount on the facts before me to serious
misconduct.

262 Whilst the [Appellant] has made much of the point that it was only after
the counterclaim was filed that admission was made in respect of Category A
expenses, it must be borne in mind that the [Respondent] was clearly caught by
surprise when he received the letter of termination by e-mail on 28 February
2014. I elaborate more on this below.

[emphasis in original]

51 As noted above, the Judge was correct in finding (at [252] of the Judgment)
that for there to be “serious misconduct”, it must have been misconduct which
is so serious as to constitute a “repudiatory breach”. That having been said,
a point of the first importance in the context of the present appeal ought to
be made: whilst the Judge sought to apply the relevant common law principles
on repudiatory breach as set out in RDC Concrete in the interpretation of the
phrase “serious misconduct” in Cl 20, he did not, with respect, apply all the
principles laid down by the court in RDC Concrete.

52 In RDC Concrete, this court noted that there were four situations in which
a breach of contract would amount to a repudiatory breach:

(a) Situation 1: where the contract clearly and unambiguously states that, in
the event of a certain event or events occurring, the innocent party will be
entitled to terminate the contract (RDC Concrete at [91]).

(b) Situation 2: where a party, by his words or conduct, simply renounces his
contract inasmuch as he clearly conveys to the other party to the contract
that he will not perform his contractual obligations at all (RDC Concrete at
[93]).

(c) Situation 3(a): the condition/warranty approach where the focus is on the
nature of the term breached and, in particular, whether the intention of the
parties to the contract was to designate that term as one that is so important
that any breach, regardless of the actual consequences of such a breach, would
entitle the innocent party to terminate the contract (RDC Concrete at [97]).

(d) Situation 3(b): where the focus is on the nature and consequences of the
breach; in particular, where the breach in question will give rise to an event
which will deprive the innocent party of substantially the whole benefit which
it was intended that he should obtain from the contract (RDC Concrete at
[99]).

53 From the passages of the Judgment reproduced (see above at [50]), it
appears that the Judge only focused on one aspect of the entire complement of
legal principles set out in RDC Concrete. In particular, the Judge was, in
substance, referring to Situation 3(b) in RDC Concrete. That this is the case
is clear from the Judge’s reference to the nature and consequences of the
breach (see also, the reference to the phrase “a degree of gravity” and the
focus on the effect of the breach at [252]–[254] of the Judgment). However, it
is our view that Situation 3(a) in RDC Concrete would also be (potentially)
applicable, as would all the other situations set out therein. That this is so
is both logical as well as principled although we acknowledge that the usual
case involving “serious misconduct” in the context of an employment contract
will traditionally focus on the nature and consequences or effects of the
breach (which will involve Situation 3(b) in RDC Concrete). Indeed, in
Sinclair v Neighbour [1967] 2 QB 279, a decision which had been relied upon by
counsel for both parties, this appears to have been the reason why the English
Court of Appeal found that summary dismissal was justified. There, an employee
of a bookmaker took out £20 from the till without the employer’s permission,
of which £15 was used for the purpose of placing a bet in another betting
shop. The employee put an IOU into the till and repaid the money the money
into the till the next day, his bet having turned out to be successful. The
employee accepted that if he had asked the employer for permission to borrow
money from the till for gambling, permission would have been refused. In
finding that such misconduct warranted summary dismissal, Sellers LJ focused
on the dishonesty of the employee and noted (at 287) that such conduct was of
such a type which was “inconsistent, in a grave way” with the employee’s
employment and Davies LJ highlighted (at 289) that such misconduct was “of
such a grave and weighty character as to amount to a breach of the
confidential relationship between master and servant, such as would render the
servant unfit for continuance in the master’s employment”. The Judge
characterised the case of Sinclair as being one where the misconduct
“destroyed the relationship of trust between the employee and employer and
rendered the employment relationship untenable” (see [260] of the Judgment).
We agree with this description and, in our view, this shows quite clearly that
Sinclair was a Situation 3(b) type breach (ie¸ the nature and consequences of
the breach warranted termination). However, it is important to emphasise that
this is not the only possible situation that might involve “serious
misconduct” on the part of the employee.

54 Indeed (and on a more general level), it is our view that the legal
principles set out in RDC Concrete are of general application to all
contracts. It should be noted that the Judge himself referred to RDC Concrete
on numerous occasions in the Judgment. Unfortunately, he did not refer to RDC
Concrete at all in the paragraphs of the Judgment wherein he considered the
present issue (viz, whether there was “serious misconduct” by the Respondent
within the meaning of Cl 20). As we have observed in the preceding paragraph,
he did, however, refer (in substance) to one of the situations enunciated in
RDC Concrete (viz, Situation 3(b)). We are nevertheless of the view that the
concept of “serious misconduct” must be read as well as applied in context –
in particular, in the context of the contract as a whole. Looked at in this
light, “serious misconduct” would include the breach of important term(s) of
the employment contract itself. Such terms would be termed “conditions”
pursuant to Situation 3(a) in RDC Concrete. The breach of such terms would
entitle the innocent party (here, the employer) in electing to treat the
employment contract as discharged, regardless of the nature and consequences
of the breach. The rationale for adopting such an approach (ie, taking into
account the breach of important terms of the Employment Contract as
constituting “serious misconduct”) is the same as that for treating the breach
of “condition” at common law as being a repudiatory breach – namely, if the
term concerned was intended by the parties to be of such importance that any
breach of it (regardless of the consequences) would entitle the innocent party
to elect to treat the contract as discharged, then there is no reason in
principle why effect ought not to be given to that intention.

55 Indeed, and for the sake of completeness, apart from Situations 3(a) and
3(b) of RDC Concrete, the breach concerned could be such that it amounts to a
renunciation of the contract by the employee – in which case the employer
could elect to treat the contract as discharged pursuant to Situation 2 of RDC
Concrete. Finally, the fact situation could be such that the employer could
elect to terminate the contract because there is an express term in the
contract itself that clearly covers that particular situation. This is, in
fact, Situation 1 in RDC Concrete and is, by its very nature, quite distinct
from Situations 2, 3(a) and 3(b) in RDC Concrete.

56 In so far as Situation 3(a) is concerned, this court has, in Man Financial
(S) Pte Ltd (formerly known as E D & F Man International (S) Pte Ltd) v Wong
Bark Chuan David [2008] 1 SLR(R) 663 (“Man Financial”) (at [160]−[174]) set
out certain relevant, but non-exhaustive, factors which a court should
consider in ascertaining whether or not a given contractual term (in this
case, Cl 3) is a “condition”. These factors include the following:

(a) whether a statute classifies a specific contractual term as a “condition”;

(b) whether the contractual term itself expressly states that it is a
“condition”;

(c) the availability of a prior precedent; and

(d) whether the contract arises out of a mercantile transaction.

This court, in Man Financial, went on to note that although these factors were
important, the ultimate focus was on ascertaining the intention of the
contracting parties themselves (at [174]):

174 The aforementioned factors are important. But, they are not exhaustive
and, to use a familiar phrase (albeit in a somewhat different context), the
categories of factors are not closed. The actual decision as to whether or not
a contractual term is a condition would, indeed, depend very much on the
particular factual matrix before the court. It also bears repeating that there
is no magical formula. In the final analysis, the focus is on ascertaining the
intention of the contracting parties themselves by construing the actual
contract itself (including the contractual term concerned) in the light of the
surrounding circumstances as a whole (see also [161] above). [emphasis in
original]

57 Applying the principles set out in the preceding paragraph to Cl 3 (see
above at [30]), which is the clause that the Respondent had breached, it is
clear that the four factors mentioned therein are not applicable. However,
that does not necessarily mean that Cl 3 is not a “condition”. As this court
was at pains to emphasise in Man Financial (at [160]), “there is no magical
formula (comprising a certain fixed number of factors or criteria) that would
enable a court to ascertain whether or not a given contractual term is a
condition”. What is essential is to ascertain the intention of the contracting
parties (here, the Appellant and the Respondent) by construing the actual
contract itself (including the contractual term concerned (here, Cl 3)) in the
light of the surrounding circumstances as a whole.

58 What, then, are we to make of Cl 3? The Appellant had formerly belonged to
the Respondent, who was now its employee and whose duty was to ensure that he
did not take advantage of his insider knowledge to advance his own interests,
but prioritised the welfare of the Appellant instead. This requirement is, in
fact, embodied within both the letter as well as spirit of Cl 3 itself. It
must be emphasised that the Respondent was in a unique position of being
entrusted with a significant degree of authority, responsibility and
independence in the conduct of the Appellant’s affairs. Indeed, this is made
abundantly clear from the fact that the Respondent had the sole authority to
reimburse both himself and Popov for the expenses which they had incurred. In
our view, it is precisely because the Respondent had previously been the sole
shareholder and director of Asiafert that he was accorded such autonomy in the
running of the Appellant. With such trust being reposed in the Respondent, one
would expect that a clause (ie¸ Cl 3) which places the obligation on the
Respondent to “well and faithfully serve the [Appellant] in all respects and
use his best endeavours to promote the interest of the [Appellant]” would have
been intended by the parties to be of the utmost importance.

59 It is our view, therefore, that Cl 3 is, in law, a “condition” within the
meaning of Situation 3(a) in RDC Concrete and, given that there has been a
clear breach of that particular clause, that breach does constitute “serious
misconduct” within the scope of Cl 20. This finding would be sufficient to
allow the appeal with respect to Issue 1. However, for completeness, and since
it was the focus of the Judge’s analysis in the court below, we consider
(briefly) whether the Respondent’s conduct also fell within the purview of
Situation 3(b) in RDC Concrete; if it did, then that would constitute an
additional reason to allow the appeal with respect to Issue 1.

60 In so far as guidance with respect to Situation 3(b) is concerned, the
following observations by this court in Sports Connection Pte Ltd v Deuter
Sports GmbH [2009] 3 SLR(R) 883 (at [62] and [64]) might be usefully noted:

62 In our view, the focus must be on the formulation laid down by Diplock LJ
in Hongkong Fir ([39] supra) itself: The innocent party must establish
deprivation of “substantially the whole benefit which it was the intention of
the parties as expressed in the contract that he should obtain as the
consideration” (see Hongkong Fir (at 66)) for the performance of the innocent
party’s own obligations. At bottom, the focus is on determining what exactly
constituted the benefit that it was intended the innocent party should obtain
from the contract (which, looked at in one sense, is a question of
construction, but not in the sense utilised in the context of ascertaining
whether a term is a condition pursuant to the condition-warranty approach (cf
also Koompahtoo (especially at [55], reproduced below at [63]) as well as
Turner on Hongkong Fir ([27] supra) at 435–436, although Turner was probably
referring to construction in the latter sense just mentioned)), and then
examining very closely the actual consequences which have occurred as a result
of the breach at the time at which the innocent party purported to terminate
the contract in order to ascertain whether the innocent party was, in fact,
deprived of substantially the whole benefit of the contract that it was
intended that the innocent party should obtain. We would emphasise here that
regard should be had only to the actual consequences and events resulting from
the breach.

…

64 There is, in fact, no magical formula that would enable a court to
ascertain whether or not the breach is sufficiently serious so as to permit
the innocent party to terminate the contract pursuant to the Hongkong Fir
approach. There are certainly a number of general formulations (some of which
have been set out above at [61]). However, as we have noted above (at [61]),
these general formulations are, in fact, similar in substance. More
specifically, there are also particular factors which can be found in the case
law (such as those set out by the majority of the court in Koompahtoo (at
[54], reproduced in the preceding paragraph). However, as we have also noted
above (at [63]), they are by no means either exhaustive or conclusive. In the
final analysis, the actual decision as to whether or not the breach concerned
is sufficiently serious so as to permit the innocent party to terminate the
contract is largely dependent on the precise factual matrix of the case itself
(see also Breach of Contract at para 655 and Ewan McKendrick, Contract Law –
Text, Cases, and Materials (Oxford University Press, 3rd Ed, 2008) at p 795).

[emphasis in original]

61 As is the case with Situation 3(a) of RDC Concrete, there is no magic
formula as such which would be determinative of the case concerned. Much would
depend upon the precise facts and circumstances of the case itself. In so far
as the present case is concerned, could it be said that the Respondent’s
conduct in breach of Cl 3 was such that it deprived the Appellant of
substantially the whole benefit of the Employment Contract which it was
intended that it (the Appellant) should have? In our view, it cannot.
Notwithstanding the Respondent’s breach of Cl 3 through the utilisation of the
Expense Accounting Practice, this particular breach did not detract from the
overall contributions of the Respondent to the Appellant itself, such that the
Appellant could be said to have been deprived of substantially the whole
benefit of the Employment Contract. However, as we have already noted, even
though Situation 3(b) is not applicable to the present case, Situation 3(a) is
applicable, and this would suffice for us to find that there had been “serious
misconduct” within the meaning of Cl 20.

Were there “wilful breaches” of the Employment Contract by the Respondent
under Cl 20?

62 We turn now to the issue of whether there were “wilful breaches” of the
Employment Contract by the Respondent under Cl 20. Given our finding that
there had been “serious misconduct” by the Respondent under that same clause
(viz, Cl 20), it is, strictly speaking, unnecessary for us to consider this
particular issue. However, we will nevertheless proceed to consider this issue
for the sake of completeness.

63 The decision of the Judge with regard to the issue as to whether there had
been “wilful breaches” by the Respondent which justified the termination of
his employment by the Appellant are contained at [263]−[265] of the Judgment,
which we reproduce in full as follows:

(2) Wilful breaches of the Employment Contract

263 The parties did not make submissions on how “wilful” should be
interpreted. Given that no authorities were submitted to me for my
consideration, I shall take the plain meaning of the word, and proceed on the
basis that a “wilful” breach is one that requires some form of intentionality
or deliberateness in the commission of the breach. In this regard, I was
guided by the High Court’s holding in Xuyi Building Engineering Co v Li Aidong
[2010] 4 SLR 1041 at [30]:

The provision refers to ‘any wilful breach’ of a condition of the contract of
service. Counsel for the employees equated that to a fundamental breach. I do
not think that was apt, and I would consider a wilful material breach would
suffice … A considered decision not to pay an employee in accordance to those
provisions of the Act is a wilful material breach.

264 In this regard, I find that the [Appellant] is not guilty of a “wilful
breach or non-observance” of the stipulations in the Employment Contract.
While the [Respondent] may have breached cl 3 and several implied duties in
the Employment Contract, I find that he did not do so wilfully. On the
contrary, as noted already, I find that the [Respondent] genuinely believed
that he was entitled to claim his entire credit card bill without
differentiating business from personal expense out of convenience, so long as
he reimbursed the [Appellant] at the end of the financial year. I also accept
that he would have been willing to reimburse the [Appellant] for expenses that
were personal in nature and outside of his entitlement. In this regard, the
[Respondent’s] admissions to the Category A claims cement this finding of
fact. It is therefore not enough to show that the [Respondent] knew that some
of his expense claims may have been personal or may fall outside what he was
entitled to claim. It is necessary to go further and establish that the
[Respondent] knew that he was not entitled to make the expense claims under
the system established at Asiafert.

265 The [Appellant] submits that the [Plaintiff] failed to admit to any of his
personal expenses after his termination, even when requested to in the 18
March 2014 Letter, and only did so when he filed his defence to the
counterclaim. However, as indicated earlier, I accept the [Respondent’s]
explanation that he was distraught and sought legal advice after receiving the
18 March 2014 Letter. I therefore do not think it detracts from my overall
finding of fact that the [Respondent] never intentionally tried to cheat the
[Appellant] of money, and never intentionally or deliberately breached the
terms of his Employment Contract.

64 We agree with the reasoning of the Judge as set out in the preceding
paragraph. Central to his conclusion that the Respondent had not committed
“wilful breaches” of the Employment Contract was his finding that the
Respondent had genuinely believed that what he had done was correct
(notwithstanding the fact that they constituted breaches of contract). We
agree with this finding, and it follows, therefore, that the breaches were not
“wilful” within the meaning of Cl 20.

Conclusion

65 To summarise, although we have found that the Respondent had not been
guilty of “wilful breaches” under Cl 20, we have nevertheless found that he
had (contrary to the Judge’s finding) been guilty of “serious misconduct”
within the meaning of that same clause. We therefore allow the appeal with
regard to Issue 1.

Issue 2

66 We note at the outset that the Judge dealt with this particular issue in
great detail.

67 The Appellant’s main argument in this regard is that because it is
especially within the Respondent’s knowledge whether the expenses are personal
in nature, pursuant to s 108 of the Evidence Act (“Section 108”), the burden
should be on him to prove otherwise. Section 108 provides as follows:

When any fact is especially within the knowledge of any person, the burden of
proving that fact is upon him

68 At this juncture, it warrants mention that Section 108 is a provision which
should only be invoked in “very limited circumstances” since “[w]idely
construed and lifted out of its context, it will reverse the burden of proof
of the essential ingredients of the [claimant’s] case which by section 103 [of
the Evidence Act] is cast on the [claimant]” (see Chen Siyuan and Lionel Leo,
The Law of Evidence in Singapore (Sweet & Maxwell, 2016) (“The Law of Evidence
in Singapore”) at paras 3.055−3.056, citing (at para 3.055) Tan Yock Lin, “The
Incomprehensible Burden of Proof” [1994] SJLS 29 at 38). Section 103 of the
Evidence Act provides that the party who desires any court to give judgment as
to any legal right or liability which is dependent on the existence of facts
which he asserts has the burden of proving the existence of the asserted
facts. Put simply, Section 108 is the exception to the rule and may be
successfully invoked “only in very extreme scenarios” (see The Law of Evidence
in Singapore at para 3.064). That this is so was made clear in the Singapore
High Court decision of Public Prosecutor v Chee Cheong Hin Constance [2006] 2
SLR(R) 24, albeit in the context of a criminal matter, where V K Rajah J (as
he then was) noted as follows (at [95]–[96]):

95 … Section 108 of the EA cannot relieve the Prosecution from its burden of
proof. It can only be employed to address certain exceptional cases where it
would be impossible or at any rate disproportionately difficult for the
Prosecution to establish facts which are “especially” or “particularly” within
the knowledge of the accused which an accused can prove without difficulty or
inconvenience.

96 The Court of Appeal decision of PP v Abdul Naser bin Amer Hamsah [1996] 3
SLR(R) 268 emphatically reiterates that s 108 of the EA applies in extremely
limited and narrow circumstances. It does not have the effect of imposing on
an accused the onus of proving that no offence was committed even if the
accused is the sole witness. It cannot and does not apply to the present
factual matrix to shift or ameliorate the Prosecution’s evidential burden. The
Prosecution must stand on its own intrinsic merits and not on the frailty or
paucity of the defence.

[emphasis added]

69 The above view was also reiterated in a civil matter in the Singapore High
Court decision of Surender Singh s/o Jagdish Singh (administrators of the
estate of Narindar Kaur d/o Sarwan Singh, deceased) v Li Man Kay [2010] 1 SLR
428 (“Surender Singh”) where Lai Siu Chiu J observed thus (at [217] and
[219]):

217 Section 108 of the Evidence Act states that when any fact (whether
affirmative or negative) is especially within the knowledge of any person, the
burden of proving that fact is upon him. This is an exception to the general
rule contained in s 103 of the Evidence Act, that the burden is on the party
who asserts a fact. Section 108 of the Evidence Act applies only to those
matters which are supposed to be within the knowledge of a defendant. It
cannot apply when the fact or facts are such that they are capable of being
known also by a person other than the defendant (see Sarkar’s Law of Evidence
([141] supra) vol 2 at p 1672).

…

219 In a similar vein, Ratanlal and Dhirajlal, Law of Evidence (at pp
1133–1134) and Woodroffe & Ali, Law of Evidence ([141] supra) (vol 3 at p
4223) notes [sic] that s 108 of the Evidence Act is:

… designed to meet certain exceptional cases in which it would be impossible,
or at any rate disproportionately difficult, for the [plaintiff] to establish
facts which are ‘especially’ within the knowledge of the [defendant] and which
[the defendant] could prove without difficulty or inconvenience. When any fact
is within special knowledge of any person, the burden of proving that fact is
upon him. The word ‘especially’ stresses that. It means facts that are pre-
eminently or exceptionally within his knowledge.

…

[emphasis added in bold italics]

70 That having been said, the Respondent does not dispute that Section 108 is
applicable in the present case. His main contention is instead that the
Appellant has failed to establish a prima facie case that each and every
expense raised in the counterclaim is personal in nature.

71 The Appellant, accepts (correctly, in our view) that a mere allegation that
the expenses are personal will not suffice to trigger the application of
Section 108; instead, it accepts that it must first establish a prima facie
case that the expenses were personal in nature before Section 108 may be
invoked (see Surender Singh at [221]). According to the Appellant, the
following three facts – (a) the Expense Accounting Practice was improper (as
found by the Judge); (b) the Appellant was able to prove that certain expense
claims were indeed unauthorised; and (c) the Respondent admitted that certain
claims were personal (eg, the Category A expenses) – cumulatively suffice to
establish a prima facie case that all the expense claims which are the subject
of the counterclaim were personal in nature.

72 In our view, the fact that the Expense Accounting Practice was improper in
that it amounted to a breach of the Respondent’s contractual duties to act in
the best interest of the Appellant, does not – in and of itself – suffice to
establish a prima facie case that all of the expenses in the counterclaim were
personal in nature. If that were the case, the Appellant would essentially be
able to allege that every single expense in the Respondent’s credit card
statements, even those which are not subject of the counterclaim, is prima
facie a personal expense. This cannot be correct. The concept of a “prima
facie case” was explained by Wee Chong Jin CJ in the decision of the Federal
Court of Malaysia in Gan Soo Swee and another v Ramoo [1968–1970] SLR(R) 324
(at [21]), where he clarified that in order to establish a prima facie case, a
plaintiff had to “prove facts from which in the absence of an explanation
liability could properly be inferred”. This definition was cited with approval
by Chan Sek Keong CJ in the Singapore High Court decision of Re Nalpon Zero
Geraldo Mario [2012] 3 SLR 440 at [7]. In our view, the mere production of the
Respondent’s credit card statements, coupled with the finding that the Expense
Accounting Practice was generally improper, cannot suffice to lead to the
inference that all payments made under the Respondent’s credit card were
personal in nature.

73 Secondly, it is not appropriate, in our view, for the Appellant to assert
that because it was able to prove at trial that some expenses were personal in
nature, it had established a prima facie case that all of the expenses raised
in the counterclaim were personal. The burden on the Appellant to show a prima
facie case that the expenses were personal in nature was a burden which fell
on it at trial. It is therefore illogical, with respect, for the Appellant to
suggest that because the Judge had found, after the trial, that some of the
expense claims were personal, this finding can now be relied upon to discharge
its burden of proving a prima facie case that every single one of the expenses
was personal in nature.

74 It is significant, in our view, that the Appellant did not attempt to call
any representative of Tricor to give evidence as to whether the expense claims
which formed the subject matter of the counterclaim were unauthorised. Since
the Expense Accounting Practice involved Tricor identifying which of the
expense claims were personal in nature, it must surely have had some criteria
for identifying such claims. Therefore, a prima facie case could have been
established if the Appellant had procured a representative from Tricor to give
evidence that, based on the criteria it applied, these expense claims were of
a personal nature. The Appellant has sought to rely on the New South Wales
Industrial Relations Commission decision of Boniface v SMEC Services Pty
Limited and anor [2007] NSWIRComm 301 (“Boniface”) to argue that the burden
should be on the Respondent to explain the nature of all the expenses raised
in the counterclaim. In Boniface, the Commission held (at [206]) that:

… where a director seeks reimbursement of monies said to be expended on behalf
of a company, it is incumbent upon the director to ensure that proper and
appropriate records are available which will allow the company and its
auditors to identify the expense as being one that is properly payable by the
company. A failure to recognise this fundamental obligation constitutes a
breach of a director’s fiduciary duty …

It should be noted, however, that, contrary to the Appellant’s submissions,
the above observations made by the Commission did not pertain to the issue of
who bore the burden of proving the nature of the expenses. Rather, the issue
before the Commission was whether the applicant in that case (the Chief
Executive Officer of his company) was guilty of misconduct. The Commission
relied on the above to conclude that because the director did not have such
proper and appropriate records, he had breached his fiduciary duty to the
employer. In fact, in Boniface, an audit committee had analysed the various
expense claims made by the director and had flagged these expenses as being
unauthorised. This is a significant distinguishing factor from the present
case. As noted above, if the Appellant had called on a representative of
Tricor to give evidence that, based on his analysis, these were expenses that
were personal in nature, it would be legitimate for the Appellant to argue
that the burden had shifted to the Respondent to show otherwise. However, in
the light of the Appellant’s failure to do so, we do not think that it can
said that the Appellant has established a prima facie case that all the
expense claims raised in the counterclaim were personal in nature.

75 In the circumstances, we affirm the decision of the Judge with regard to
Issue 2.

Conclusion

76 For the reasons set out above, we allow the appeal with regard to Issue 1,
but dismiss the appeal with regard to Issue 2. In the circumstances, it is our
view that there should be no order as to costs. There will be the usual
consequential orders.

Coda

77 As we have already noted, it was, strictly speaking, unnecessary for the
Judge to have discussed Cavenagh in order to arrive at his decision on the
facts of the present case (see above at [44]). Indeed, the Judge went further
and accepted Cavenagh as being good law in Singapore (see the Judgment at
[191]). As we have already mentioned above (at [5]), we will set out some
brief views in order to flag out some important legal issues that will need to
be considered in more detail when they next come before the courts for a
definitive ruling. In particular, we will set out both the advantages as well
as disadvantages stemming from the legal principles concerned and express some
tentative views pending a full and final pronouncement on them in a subsequent
case.

78 We have already set out – in the briefest of fashions – the legal principle
embodied in Cavenagh and how (in particular) it has modified the legal
principle set out over a century earlier in Boston Deep Sea Fishing. In
Cavenagh, the respondent company had summarily terminated the appellant’s
appointment as managing director of the company pursuant to an express term of
his service agreement and agreed to give the appellant six months’ pay in lieu
of notice. Subsequently, it came to the company’s attention that the appellant
had been guilty of misconduct pre-termination and the company therefore
refused to give him the six months’ pay which they had initially said they
would. This led the appellant to commence action against the company. In its
defence, the company argued that the appellant had been guilty of gross
misconduct as he had wrongly procured a payment of £10,000 to his personal
pension provider even though he knew he was not entitled to do so. In doing
so, the company submitted, the appellant had committed a repudiatory breach of
contract which would have entitled the company to summarily terminate the
appellant’s employment at common law. Mummery LJ, who delivered the leading
judgment, rejected the company’s defence and distinguished Boston Deep Sea
Fishing on the basis that it did not concern a case where the employee had
been terminated pursuant to a clause of the employment contract. We set out
the reasoning of the Mummery LJ in detail (at [36]–[39]):

36 However, I am persuaded by Mr Catherwood that the correct legal analysis of
this case, on the basis of the pleaded case and the arguments at trial, turns
on the effect of the decision of the Company in the letter of 12 March 2010.
There is no escaping the fact that, on that date, the Company purported to
exercise its contractual power under clause 11.5 to terminate the service
agreement without notice, but with pay in lieu, and the Company agreed to pay
it. A debt by the Company to Mr Cavenagh thereby accrued.

37 Having chosen to terminate the service agreement in that way, the Company
was not entitled to resile from the contractual consequences of its choice by
later following the different common law route of accepting repudiation by
relying, after the termination event, on an earlier act of misconduct by Mr
Cavenagh of which it was unaware on 12 March 2010.

38 The contract itself did not contain any provision releasing the Company
from its contractual obligation to pay the debt that arose from the exercise
of the contractual power on 12 March. The contractual right to payment in lieu
having accrued, Mr Cavenagh was entitled to payment of it in the same way as
other sums that had accrued due at the date of dismissal.

39 The general law did not release the Company from its contractual liability
on the only ground relied on by the Company in this action, namely that it
acquired knowledge after it had terminated the contract under clause 11.5,
which would have entitled it to terminate it outside that clause and summarily
without liability for pay in lieu. [Boston Deep Sea Fishing] did not go as far
as to say that after-discovered misconduct provided an employer with a defence
to an action for payment of an accrued debt. The principle for which that case
stands is that an employer can defend a claim for damages for wrongful
dismissal by using at trial, in its defence of justification, evidence of
misconduct by the employee that was not known to the employer at the time of
dismissal. In this case the Company was not seeking in the proceedings to
justify its dismissal of Mr Cavenagh. There was no dispute that his
appointment was terminated summarily on 12 March 2010 and in a fashion that
was lawful: it was not a prima facie wrongful act, which the Company had to
justify by evidence of breach of duty. The consequence of the lawful
termination was that the Company became contractually bound to Mr Cavenagh for
pay in lieu. All of that happened before the Company knew of, or was in a
position to accept, Mr Cavenagh’s prior repudiatory breach. The lawful
termination had already triggered the liability for pay in lieu, which was, as
a matter of legal analysis, quite a different situation than that facing the
Court of Appeal in Boston Deep Sea Fishing.

79 We note that in Shepherd Andrew v BIL International Ltd [2003] SGHC 145, a
decision which pre-dated Cavenagh, the Singapore High Court had similarly held
that where an employee had been summarily dismissed pursuant to a term of the
employment contract which would entitle the employee to contractually
stipulated severance payments, the employer cannot subsequently rely on the
employee’s repudiatory breaches as a defence to the latter’s claim for
severance payments under the contract. The court, however, did not provide a
detailed explanation for so finding and simply noted (at [122]) that the
principle in Boston Deep Sea Fishing “ha[d] no application to this case”.

80 In so far as Cavenagh draws a distinction between termination pursuant to a
term of the contract itself on the one hand and termination at common law on
the other, we find that distinction to be both logical as well as principled.
Indeed (and as already observed above at [44]), any monetary remedy for
termination under the former will, as noted both by the Judge and Cavenagh
itself, result in an accrued debt that is due to the employee concerned
pursuant to the employment contract itself, whereas any monetary remedy for
termination under the latter will result in an award of damages to the
employee concerned. The former remedy (viz, an accrued debt) is, of course, a
liquidated amount, whereas the latter remedy (viz, an award of damages)
involves an unliquidated amount (that is also subject to possible legal
limitations such as causation, remoteness and mitigation).

81 Indeed, this same distinction (between an accrued debt and damages arising
from a breach of contract) underlies (albeit in a different context) the legal
principle embodied in the House of Lords decision of White and Carter
(Councils) Ltd v McGregor [1962] AC 413 (“White and Carter”). In particular,
it was held (albeit by a bare majority of three to two) in White and Carter
that, where there is a claim for a fixed sum (as opposed to a claim for
unliquidated damages), there is no duty on the part of the plaintiff to
mitigate its loss. However, this could possibly lead to unjust and unfair (and
even bizarre) results. This perhaps explains the qualification by Lord Reid in
that decision (at 430−431) in which the learned Law Lord (who was in the
majority) observed, in essence, that the plaintiff could not refuse to
mitigate its loss and insist on continuing with its performance in order to
claim the fixed sum agreed upon by the parties where (a) it (the plaintiff)
required the co-operation of the other party (viz, the defendant) or (b) it
(the plaintiff) had no legitimate interest in continuing such performance. The
second qualification, in particular, is problematic and has (in addition to a
series of decisions over the last half a century or so) just been canvassed in
a recent decision of the English Court of Appeal in MSC Mediterranean Shipping
Council SA v Cottonex Anstalt [2016] EWCA Civ 789. However, as the legal
principle in White and Carter does not arise in the present appeal and is only
relevant by way of analogy, the difficulties that arise from this case need
not detain us here.

82 Returning to the issue raised in the present appeal (and, in particular, by
reference to the distinction drawn in Cavenagh), whilst we have already
observed that the distinction between termination pursuant to a term of the
employment contract and termination as a result of a breach by the employee is
a logical and principled one in law to draw, the further legal consequences
that are set out in Cavenagh itself may not, with respect, be as clear as the
court makes them out to be. To recapitulate, in the former situation (viz,
where termination is effected pursuant to a term in the employment contract
and not owing to misconduct), even if the employer is subsequently made aware
that the employee had misconducted himself and was liable to be summarily
dismissed by the employer, the employer will not be able rely upon this
misconduct as a defence to any payment which may have accrued upon the
employer’s termination of the employee. Such a defence would only be available
to the employer if he had initially terminated the employee without reliance
on any term in the contract. In such a situation, the employer would be able
to rely on the subsequently revealed misconduct to transform what would have
been a termination in breach of contract by the employer to a lawful
termination pursuant to a repudiatory breach of the contract by the employee.
That was precisely the situation in Boston Deep Sea Fishing. Put simply, the
court in Cavenagh confined the legal principle in Boston Deep Sea Fishing to
its facts (viz, a situation in which the original termination of employment
was based on a breach at common law). At first blush, this appears to be a
persuasive as well as attractive approach to adopt; in particular, there is a
symmetry inasmuch as an employer who had originally terminated the employee’s
employment pursuant to a term of the employment contract cannot justify such a
termination by reference to new facts which would have justified such
termination for breach (at common law) instead.

83 However, notwithstanding the distinction between the nature of termination
pursuant to a term of the employment contract and termination for breach by
the employee at common law (which we have accepted is a logical, if not
necessary, one), it does not, in our view, necessarily follow that the court
ought to adopt the approach suggested in Cavenagh. In particular, if the focus
is on whether the employer is justified in terminating the employee’s
employment, why should it (the employer) not be afforded the opportunity to
rely on new facts that justify the said termination (albeit on a different
legal basis)?

84 At this juncture, we note, however, that the court in Cavenagh did suggest
an approach that balances the tension between doing justice to both employer
and employee alike. Whilst the employer might, under the approach taken in
Cavenagh, be precluded from relying on new facts to justify the termination of
the employee’s employment for breach at common law if it has already purported
to terminate that employment pursuant to a term of the employment contract
itself, this does not necessarily mean that the employee will get away with
his or her breach of contract (especially since it was a breach so serious
that it would have justified the employer in terminating his or her employment
had the employer been aware of those facts in the first place). As the court
in Cavenagh had intimated (at [19]), the company could have brought a
counterclaim for damages on the basis that the employee had breached his duty
to the company by failing to inform it of his gross misconduct, either at the
time he committed it or at any time before he was dismissed. The court further
suggested that it might have been open to the company to argue that the
agreement to make the payment in lieu of notice was void or voidable by reason
of a vitiating unilateral mistake on the part of the company which was known
to the employee. These issues, however, did not fall to be determined by the
court since they did not form part of the company’s pleaded case. We pause to
observe, parenthetically, that this balance becomes especially important in
light of the fact that even a breach of a term of the employment contract
itself could embody (or at least overlap with) what is, in substance, a
repudiatory breach at common law.

85 Returning to Cavenagh, there are reasons to commend the decision in that
case if we bear the balance established in that case in mind, although it is
also important to note that we do not need to decide this point definitively
in the context of the present appeal.

86 Notwithstanding the reasons that appear to weigh in favour of endorsement
of the decision in Cavenagh (briefly set out in the preceding paragraphs),
there are, however, practical difficulties that point in the opposite
direction. If, for example, an employer terminates the employee’s contract of
employment pursuant to an express term of the said contract (and pays a
contractually promised sum in severance) and later discovers that the employee
had committed a repudiatory breach at common law which would have entitled the
employer to terminate the employee’s employment (pursuant to one or more of
the situations set out in RDC Concrete), Cavenagh would permit the employer to
mount a claim on the basis of the employee having breached his fiduciary duty
to the company by failing to disclose his misconduct. However, it should be
noted that such a duty may not apply to an employee who is not in a fiduciary
position. In that case, the only breach that the employer would be able to
rely upon would be the original misconduct of the employee. However, there
might be a disconnect between the sum which the employee would have
(wrongfully) received in severance and what the employer would be able to
recover in its claim for the employee’s breach of contract, thus resulting in
unfairness. Utilising the facts of the present case as the basis for a
hypothetical illustration, if the employer had terminated the employee’s
employment pursuant to cll 2 and 14 of the Employment Contract, the employer
would have to provide severance payments to the employee pursuant to the
aforementioned terms. If the employee had been guilty of a repudiatory breach
of the Employment Contract at common law by using the employer’s accounts to
pay for his personal expenses, and assuming that the employee was not a
fiduciary, the employer could mount a claim against the employee and what the
former could claim against the latter would be the repayment by the employee
to the employer of personal expenses (assuming that those expenses could be
proved by sufficient evidence adduced by the employer). However, if the amount
of the severance payments was larger than the amount of personal expenses
claimable by the employer, the overall result might be less than satisfactory.
Whilst the employer could attempt to claw back the severance payments made to
the employee, this could well be a very difficult task since it could be
difficult to establish that the employee’s repudiatory breach of contract at
common law had caused the employer to make the said severance payments. As a
practical way around the difficulty just stated, practitioners who have
commented on Cavenagh have suggested that, in these circumstances, employers
should word their respective employment contracts in a way that makes it a
condition of the payment of any amounts pursuant to the express term(s) of the
employment contract concerned that the employee in question has not been
guilty of any serious misconduct and that if it transpires that the employee
had in fact been guilty of any such breach(es), any severance payment which
had already been made would be repayable on demand. Whilst this does furnish a
possible solution to the difficulty at hand, the question arises as to whether
the onus ought to be placed upon employers to word their respective employment
contracts in the manner just mentioned.

87 It is clear, therefore, that Cavenagh raises a number of difficult issues
that require resolution. As already mentioned more than once, this court will
deliver a definitive ruling upon these issues only when the issues arise
directly for its consideration in a future case.

Andrew Phang Boon Leong Judith Prakash Tay Yong Kwang  
Judge of Appeal Judge of Appeal Judge of Appeal

Tan Beng Hwee Paul and Arthi Anbalagan (Rajah & Tann Singapore LLP) for the
appellant;  
Eugene Thuraisingam, Jerrie Tan Qiu Lin and Damien Yeo (Eugene Thuraisingam
LLP) for the respondent.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:40 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

