Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the republic of singapore

[2016] SGHC 137

High Court Suit No 671 of 2015

(HC/Registrar’s Appeal No 231 of 2016)

Between

Shi Wen Yue

… Plaintiff

And

(1) Shi Minjiu

(2) Fan Yi

… Defendants

Grounds of Decision

[Conflict of Laws] — [Judicial Settlements] — [Enforcement]

[Conflict of Laws] — [Foreign Judgments] — [Enforcement]  

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Shi Wen Yue

  
v

  

Shi Minjiu and another

[2016] SGHC 137

High Court — HC/Suit No 671 of 2015 (HC/Registrar’s Appeal No 231 of 2016)  
Choo Han Teck J  
5 July 2016; 12 July 2016

19 July 2016

Choo Han Teck J:

1\. This was an appeal by the defendants (hereafter the appellants) against
the Assistant Registrar’s (“the AR”) decision to grant summary judgment to the
plaintiff (hereafter the respondent) to enforce a mediation paper issued by
the Zhou Shan City Intermediate Court (“the Mediation Paper”). The appellants
and respondent are China nationals. The respondent sued the appellants in the
Zhou Shan City Court to recover a loan of RMB 9,300,000. The Zhou Shan City
Court ordered that the appellants pay to the respondent the sum claimed as
well as interests of RMB 2,173,634 as at 30 June 2014 and further interest at
2% after July 2014. The appellants appealed the order to the Zhou Shan City
Intermediate Court which sent the parties for mediation. The parties reached
an agreement through mediation and the Zhou Shan City Intermediate Court
issued the Mediation Paper recording the terms of agreement on 3 March 2015.

2\. On 30 March 2015, the appellants defaulted on the first instalment payment
and the respondent commenced enforcement proceedings in China on 1 April 2015.
On 3 July 2015, the respondent filed the present suit in Singapore to enforce
the Mediation Paper as a China judgment in Singapore and applied for summary
judgment. In the meantime, the appellants have filed for a retrial in China to
set aside the Mediation Paper. The respondent’s position before the AR in the
summary judgment hearing was that the Mediation Paper was a final and
conclusive judgment under Chinese law that could be enforced in Singapore. The
respondent also argued that even if the Mediation Paper was not a judgment, it
could still be enforced because it was undisputed that the appellants owed the
respondent the sums and they had no defence in respect of the sums owed. The
respondent thus submitted that there were no triable issues in this case.

3\. The appellants argued that the Mediation Paper was not a judgment under
Chinese law but was only an agreement. Further, they submitted that under the
terms of the Mediation Paper and Chinese law, the sums could only be enforced
in China and not in Singapore. Accordingly, they submitted that these were
triable issues. The AR agreed with the appellants that the Mediation Paper was
not a judgment, but he found that the Mediation Paper was enforceable as an
agreement because the appellants did not have a viable defence to the claim.
He therefore granted summary judgment.

4\. On appeal, the appellants’ counsel argued that the application for summary
judgment was wrong. He submitted that there were triable issues in the present
case. The triable issues raised by the appellants were:

(a) Whether the Mediation Paper was a judgment;

(b) Whether the Mediation Paper could be enforced overseas concurrently; and

(c) Whether the Mediation Paper was liable to be set aside.

The respondent relied on the arguments that it raised before the AR. I agreed
with the appellants that there were triable issues and allowed the appeal. An
application for summary judgment to enforce a foreign judgment may of course
be made if the defendant has no defence to the claim but a summary judgment
should not be granted when there is a fair or reasonable possibility of a real
or bona fide defence to a plaintiff’s claim. A complete defence need not be
shown, but the defendant only needs to show that there is a triable issue or
question or that for some other reason there ought to be a trial.

5\. A final and conclusive foreign judgment rendered by a court of competent
jurisdiction, which is also a judgment for a definite sum of money, is
enforceable in Singapore unless it was procured by fraud, or its enforcement
would be contrary to public policy or the proceedings in which it were
obtained were contrary to natural justice (Poh Soon Kiat v Desert Palace Inc
(trading as Caesars Palace) [2010] 1 SLR 1129 at [14]). The main issue in this
summary judgment application was whether the Mediation Paper was such a
judgment. The parties were right in accepting that the issue of whether the
Mediation Paper was a judgment was governed by Chinese law and thus adduced
expert evidence by affidavit. The respondent engaged Wang Liangping as his
Chinese law expert while the appellants engaged Li Xiaoping as their Chinese
law expert.

6\. The appellants’ and respondent’s experts disagreed starkly on the issue of
whether the Mediation Paper was a judgment. The respondent’s expert was of the
view that the Mediation Paper was a consent judgment issued by a competent
Chinese court recording the terms agreed upon from the mediation. On the other
hand, the appellants’ expert took the view that court judgments and mediation
papers were governed by different chapters in the People’s Republic of China
Civil Procedure Law (“CPL”) and that the Mediation Paper was not a consent
judgment. There was also a disagreement between the parties over the
translation of the term “调解书” used within the provisions of the CPL. The
respondent’s expert translated the term to mean “consent judgment” while the
translation services of Lingotrans Services Pte Ltd which the appellants
relied on translated the term to mean “mediation agreement”.

7\. The disagreement between the experts on this issue requires a trial, and a
summary judgment is clearly inappropriate. The expert views of the expert
witnesses must be tested and cross-examined before the court may determine the
facts. In his Grounds of Decision (“the GD”), the AR offered his own
translation and interpretation of the provisions of the CPL over those of the
expert witnesses and translators. At [11] – [12] of the GD, the AR found that
both parties did not accurately translate the term “调解书” and proceeded to
proffer his own translation of the term:

11 Both parties did not accurately translate the term. Firstly, the defendants
pointed out that Article 236 of the CPL — which the plaintiff relied on —
deals separately with “调解书” and “民事判决、裁定”, which were translated as “mediation
agreement” and “civil judgment and ruling” respectively….

….

12 Secondly, I am conversant in Chinese. My own translation of “民事判决、裁定” is
“judgment, decision”. “调解书” literally translates to “mediation paper” and no
person conversant in Chinese would construe “调解书” to be equivalent to
“民事判决、裁定”. On the other hand “书” does not carry with it the notion of
agreement; agreement is normally denoted by “协议”. I therefore hold that “调解书”
should be translated as “mediation paper”.

[emphasis added]

This cannot be accepted. The use of documents in foreign languages in court is
governed by O 92 r 1 of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2014 Rev Ed) which
states that:

Every document if not in the English language must be accompanied by a
translation thereof certified by a court interpreter or a translation verified
by the affidavit of a person qualified to translate it before it may be
received, filed or used in the Court.

It is clear from O 92 r 1 that only a court interpreter or a person qualified
to translate may offer a translation of a document not in the English
language. Neither an AR nor a judge is in a position to offer his own
translation of the Articles of the CPL as he is neither a court interpreter
nor a person qualified to translate foreign text.

8\. Moreover, even though the Evidence Act (Cap 97, 1997 Rev Ed) permits court
decisions and legal codes of foreign jurisdictions to be admitted as relevant
evidence, it is “very difficult for our courts to competently interpret on
their own such raw sources of foreign law” and as a matter of prudence it is
preferable that expert opinions are provided wherever possible to assist the
court in this task (see Pacific Recreation Pte Ltd v S Y Technology Inc and
another appeal [2008] 2 SLR(R) 491 at [60]). In the light of this, I also
found it inappropriate for the AR to substitute his views for those of the
expert witnesses when arriving at his decision. Accordingly, I found that the
issue of whether the Mediation Paper was a judgment was a triable issue where
judgment could not be determined summarily.

9\. The respondent argued that even if the Mediation Paper was not a judgment,
it could still be enforced as an agreement between the parties. He referred to
the terms of the Mediation Paper and the appellants’ admission in their
Defence that they were in default of the sums due. The appellants’ defence on
this submission was that the Mediation Paper could not be enforced outside of
China because cl 3 of the Mediation Paper only provided for execution in China
and that Article 224 of the CPL stated that it could only be enforced locally.
In response, the respondent argued that cl 3 of the Mediation Paper did not
preclude it from commencing execution outside of China but was only an
acceleration clause which allowed for the entire sum to be claimed upon
default.

10\. The respondent’s pleadings do not disclose the necessary facts to support
his alternative case, ie, the claim for a contractually agreed sum which had
been admitted to. Every pleading must contain a statement of the material
facts on which the party pleading relies on to formulate his complete cause of
action (see Bruce v Odhams Press Ltd (1936) 1 KB 697 approved in Multi-Pak
Singapore Pte Ltd v Intraco Ltd & Ors [1992] 2 SLR(R) 382). I am citing these
cases in case counsel had forgotten this very basic rule. Further, material
facts, as stated in Phillips v Phillips (1878) 4 QBD 127 are “facts which will
put the defendants on their guard and tell them what they have to meet”.
Counsel must therefore remember that pleadings are crucial in the litigation
process as the parties are entitled to give evidence on facts at trial only if
those facts have been pleaded.

11\. In this case, it was not clear from the pleadings that the respondent was
suing on a breach of contract or agreement. The pleadings only state:

(a) In paragraph 2 of the Amended Statement of Claim, the respondent pleaded
that the parties had entered into a mediation agreement (“Court Mediation
Agreement”) which was subsequently recorded onto the Mediation Paper issued by
the Zhou Shan City Intermediate Court. In this paragraph, there was reference
to both the Court Mediation Agreement and the Mediation Paper.

(b) In paragraph 3 of the Amended Statement of Claim, the respondent listed
the material terms of the Court Mediation Agreement and the Mediation Paper,
which according to the respondent were identical. Likewise, both the Court
Mediation Agreement and the Mediation Paper were mentioned.

(c) In paragraph 4 of the Amended Statement of Claim, the respondent pleaded
that “[i]n breach of Clause 2 of the Mediation Paper, the [appellants] failed
to make payment of 1,200,000 yuan on 30 March 2015” [emphasis added].

12\. Although the pleadings refer to both the Mediation Paper, which the
respondent pleaded was a consent judgment issued by the Chinese court (at
paragraph 4 of the respondent’s Reply), and the Court Mediation Agreement, it
was clear from paragraph 4 of the Amended Statement of Claim that only a
breach of the Mediation Paper and not the Court Mediation Agreement had been
pleaded. There was also no mention of the respondent’s alternative case on the
Amended Statement of Claim and the Reply. It is necessary for a party who is
suing on a breach of contract to plead the breach. In light of the absence of
such a pleading, I declined to grant summary judgment to the respondent on
this basis.

13\. In any event, even considering the issue on its merits, I found that the
issue of whether the Mediation Paper could be enforced outside of China was a
triable issue. As with the previous issue, both experts were similarly in
disagreement as to whether the Mediation Paper could be enforced outside of
China. First, there was disagreement on the interpretation of cl 3 of the
Mediation Agreement. Further, the appellants’ expert was of the view that
Article 224 of the CPL precluded a person from applying for multiple
enforcements in different jurisdictions while the respondent’s expert held the
view that it did not and cited Article 280 of the CPL to show that a party may
apply directly to a foreign court for recognition and enforcement. Given the
disagreements between the parties and their experts on this issue, summary
judgment should not be granted. These issues must be decided at trial where
the testimony of the expert witnesses would be scrutinised through cross-
examination.

14\. Lastly, I should mention that I do not think that the AR should have
substituted his views over those of the expert witnesses when dealing with
this issue as with the previous issue (see [7] – [8] above).

(a) At [21] – [22] of the GD, the AR took issue with the respondents’
translation of cl 3 of the Mediation Paper and proceeded to offer his own
translation.

(b) At [24] of the GD, the AR referred to Article 229 of the CPL, an Article
that was not cited by either party and offered his own translation of it.

In both of these instances, the matters expressed are matters of fact, and the
party expressing his views is liable to be cross-examined. The AR should not
place himself in that situation.

15\. The final basis of the appellants’ resistance of summary judgment was
that the Mediation Paper was liable to be set aside. According to them, a
retrial petition in China had been filed on 10 March 2016 for the Mediation
Paper to be set aside. The appellants also stated that the Chinese court will
likely be setting the matter down for hearing in two to three months’ time.
The appellants’ position was that if the petition was successful, the whole of
the respondent’s claim based on the Mediation Paper would be nullified. The
respondent submitted that the arguments raised by the appellants were entirely
untenable. The respondent argued that the action by the appellants to seek a
retrial in China was filed late after the Mediation Paper had been executed in
China and enforcement proceedings had commenced in Singapore and that such a
re-trial petition was time barred under Chinese law. The impact of a re-trial
or setting aside of the Mediation Paper is contingent on the finding of
whether it is a judgment or otherwise. Given that I found that whether the
Mediation Paper was a judgment was a triable issue, the issue of whether the
Mediation Paper was liable to be set aside was also a triable issue that
cannot be determined summarily.

16\. For the above reasons, I allowed the appeal. I also ordered that costs be
in the cause for this appeal and the application for summary judgment below.

\- Sgd -  
Choo Han Teck  
Judge

Tan Chee Kiong (Seah Ong & Partners LLP) for the appellants;  
Pua Lee Siang (Kelvin Chia Partnership) for the respondent.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:39 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

