Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the republic of singapore

[2016] SGHC 182

Magistrate’s Appeal No 9023 of 2016

Between

Public Prosecutor  
---  
  
… Appellant

And

Ong Jack Hong  
---  
  
… Respondent

Ex Tempore Judgment

[Criminal Law] — [Offences] — [Sexual penetration of a minor]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Public Prosecutor

  
v

  

Ong Jack Hong

[2016] SGHC 182

High Court — Magistrate’s Appeal No 9023 of 2016  
Sundaresh Menon CJ  
12 July; 25 August 2016

Sundaresh Menon CJ (delivering the judgment of the court ex tempore):

1 This is an appeal brought by the Prosecution against the sentence of
probation imposed by the learned district judge on the 18 year-old respondent,
Ong Jack Hong (“the Respondent”), for an offence of sexual penetration of a
minor under s 376A(1)(a) and punishable under s 376A(2) of the Penal Code (Cap
224, 2008 Rev Ed). The Prosecution argues that the sentence of probation is
manifestly inadequate and that a term of reformative training is necessary in
the light of the need for deterrence due to the seriousness of the offence and
the fact that the Respondent has had brushes with the law, albeit for
unrelated matters.

2 The sentencing of young offenders is an issue that has been considered by
the court from time to time. In recent months, it is a matter that has been
dealt with in several judgments that I have issued, including in Public
Prosecutor v Koh Wen Jie Boaz [2016] 1 SLR 334 (“Boaz Koh”). In Boaz Koh, I
reviewed the relevant authorities and summarised the position in the following
terms at [36]–[39]:

36 While it is clear that probation is conducive to rehabilitation, I
emphasise that it is not the only sentencing option for a youthful offender
where rehabilitation remains the dominant sentencing consideration.
Reformative training too is geared towards the rehabilitation of the offender
(PP v Al-Ansari at [47]). The rehabilitative goal of reformative training is
apparent from the Parliamentary debates relating to the introduction of
reformative training …

…

38 Having said that, there is no gainsaying the fact that reformative training
also incorporates a significant element of deterrence because there is a
minimum incarceration period of 18 months that is not a feature of probation
(see reg 3 of the Criminal Procedure Code (Reformative Training) Regulations
2010 (S 802/2010); PP v Adith s/o Sarvotham [2014] 3 SLR 649 (“PP v Adith”) at
[21]; PP v Al-Ansari at [57]–[58]). Prof Tan Yock Lin thus observed in
Criminal Procedure vol 3 (LexisNexis, Looseleaf Ed, Issue 11, July 2004) at
paras XVIII[2554]–[2555] that reformative training offers the court a middle
ground between sending the offender to prison and the desire to rehabilitate a
young offender. In other words, reformative training allows the courts to
sentence the offender to a rehabilitative programme under a structured
environment while avoiding the danger of exposing the young offender to the
potentially unsettling influence of an adult prison environment. It
presupposes that the offender in question is amenable to rehabilitation within
a closed and structured environment such as the Reformative Training Centre.

39 As I have noted above …, at the first stage of the inquiry, the court is
concerned with whether there is a need to incorporate a sufficient element of
deterrence within the overarching focus on the goal of rehabilitation. Because
reformative training incorporates the elements I have noted in the previous
paragraph, it will be the preferred sentencing option in cases where a degree
of deterrence is desired.

That provides a workable framework for selecting the appropriate sentence as
between probation and reformative training in cases such as the present, which
involve young offenders.

3 With this framework in mind, I turn to the facts of the present case. The
Respondent, who had just turned 17 years old at the time of the incident,
committed the offence of penile-vaginal penetration of a minor (“the victim”),
who was 14 years old at the material time. The Respondent met the victim at a
bar for the first time on the date the offence took place. The victim was
drinking beer by herself. The Statement of Facts recites that she was in a
drunk and vulnerable state at the time of the offence. The Respondent
approached her with some friends and they chatted a while. She left for the
toilet and when she emerged again, she was approached by the Respondent, who
started hugging and kissing her on the lips. After they kissed for a while,
the Respondent carried the victim to a stairwell, closed the door, turned the
victim to face the wall and then penetrated her while she was bending down. He
did not wear a condom at the time. He stopped when he heard a noise, and the
two of them dressed up before leaving the stairwell. The offence was reported
two months later, after the victim revealed to a medical staff member at KK
Women and Children’s Hospital during a medical check-up for a bout of migraine
that she had had sexual intercourse in the past with the Respondent and with
her boyfriend.

4 The district judge sentenced the Respondent to a term of 24 months’ split
probation. The Prosecution has appealed against that sentence, arguing that a
sentence of probation is manifestly inadequate and that at the very least, the
district judge should have called for a reformative training suitability
report before making his decision. At the last mention of the appeal on 12
July 2016, I was satisfied that the district judge had erred in not calling
for a reformative training suitability report and I gave the following brief
grounds:

I am satisfied that this is a case where the district judge ought to have
called for a pre-sentencing [reformative training] suitability report, and I
allow the appeal on this ground and call for such a report now. I will give my
grounds at a later stage when I come to a decision on sentence after
considering the pre-sentencing [reformative training suitability] report.

What I wish to say for the moment is that I regard this as a case concerning a
serious offence. The laws pertaining to sexual offences against minors exist
to protect [a victim] whose vulnerability makes [him or her] prone to abuse
and exploitation. The victim in this case was vulnerable on several counts
which I have alluded to in the course of arguments. This, in my judgment,
exacerbates the seriousness of the offence and also highlights the critical
importance of general deterrence in such context. The [district] judge
appeared to me not to have recognised such considerations and factors.

Having said this, I also call for an updated probation report in which the
probation officer should have regard to the fact that he is now serving his
National Service and also … his parental situation in order to allow me to
assess whether that is a viable option in the present circumstances.

With benefit of both reports, I will then decide on the appropriate sentence
and I will deliver my detailed grounds at that time.

5 I have since had the benefit of both reports. I am also grateful to the
arguments that both counsel have put before me this morning. It is fair to
state that the Respondent has been found to be fit for reformative training.
At the same time, the updated probation report suggests that he remains
suitable for probation, even though his situation with respect to parental
support is less than optimal.

6 I begin with the observation that the offence of sexual penetration of a
minor is a serious offence. The offence carries a maximum term of imprisonment
of up to 10 years: s 376A(2) of the Penal Code. In the light of the
youthfulness of the Respondent, the Prosecution has sought a sentence of
reformative training rather than that of imprisonment in the present case.

7 The principal factors that are urged upon me as warranting the imposition of
a term of probation rather than of reformative training are these:

(a) First, the Respondent is young and the prospects for his rehabilitation
are thought to be good.

(b) Second, the circumstances showed that the offence was committed in an
opportunistic rather than in a premeditated way.

(c) Third, the offence took place after the Respondent met the victim drinking
in a bar and this may have induced him into over-estimating her age.

(d) Fourth, the prognosis reflected in the probation report, the updated
probation report and the reformative training suitability report is that the
risk of re-offending is low.

(e) Fifth, there is a prospect that imposing a sentence of reformative
training at this stage may undo the progress that appears to have been made by
the Respondent.

There is also some reliance on a suggestion that the sexual encounter was
apparently consensual in nature though, in the final analysis, that seems to
have been put forward not as a mitigating factor but as the exclusion of a
potentially aggravating factor.

8 I make some preliminary points, which I consider to be of considerable
importance. Taking first the question of consent, in my judgment, this is
wholly extraneous to the sentencing inquiry in this case. First, the
criminalisation of sex with a minor rests on the notion that minors, such as
the victim in this case, are vulnerable to such a degree that they are taken
to be incapable of consenting. But even aside from this, the seriousness of
the offence must be assessed in the round having regard to the totality of the
context. The relevant context here is that the victim was not only vulnerable
by reason of her age, but further, because she was drunk. The Statement of
Facts explicitly states that she had wanted to go home but had not done so
because her boyfriend, whom she had called, did not come to fetch her. As I
mentioned above, the Statement of Facts also explicitly states that the
incident took place at a time when she was “in a drunk and vulnerable state”.
In these circumstances, I cannot see how any purported consent on her part
could have alleviated the gravity of the offence.

9 I make some ancillary observations on the issue of consent. It is true that
in Public Prosecutor v AOM [2011] 2 SLR 1057, the High Court recognised that
consent might be relevant to sentencing. But it must be noted that Steven
Chong J couched his observations in the following terms (at [35]):

35 I add here, [parenthetically], that I do not discount the possibility of
exceptional cases where consent may be regarded as a relevant mitigating
factor for statutory rape or sexual penetration of a minor, especially where
the victim and the offender was of the same or similar age at the time the
offences were committed (even in such cases however, the court should look at
the age gap between the offender and the victim; the greater the age gap, the
lesser the mitigating weight that may possibly be accorded to the purported
consent). … [emphasis in original]

It is clear from the manner in which the point was made that Chong J stressed
that it would be exceptional for consent to bear weight as a relevant
mitigating factor. In my judgment, consent would come into play primarily in
circumstances where it can be shown that there has been a settled relationship
of sorts between the parties, or where the victim was really not vulnerable in
the circumstances, such as where he or she was close to the age of consent and
went into the encounter knowing exactly what he or she was doing.

10 This is in line with the observations of Chao Hick Tin JA in Public
Prosecutor v Qiu Shuihua [2015] 3 SLR 949 (“Qiu Shuihua”) (at [21]) that it
may be relevant to consider whether such an offence was committed on impulse
or with planning. He elaborated on this in the very next paragraph, and said
as follows:

22 In determining whether the offence was committed in a calculated, pre-
meditated manner, all the circumstances must be considered – how did the
offender and the victim first meet; was it the victim who sought out the
offender; how long was the duration of their relationship before moves were
made to advance their relationship to a more intimate level; and who initiated
those moves and if it was the victim, what was the offender’s response –
these, and others too, will show whether the offence was calculated and
planned and whether the offender sought out young girls to exploit their
gullibility or precociousness. In this regard, the existence of a relationship
over a period of time would be a relevant factor.

In my judgment, the present case is far removed from the sort of situation
that was envisaged by Chao JA in Qiu Shuihua, or by Chong J in AOM.

11 Next, I think it is appropriate to remind ourselves that the imposition of
reformative training remains within the range of sentencing options for young
offenders where the focus is on rehabilitation. There has been a tendency from
time to time for courts and counsel to proceed on the basis that reformative
training is inappropriate where rehabilitation is the dominant sentencing
consideration. The district judge in this case came close to suggesting that
he did not have to consider reformative training because he felt
rehabilitation was the primary sentencing consideration. To the extent that my
understanding of the district judge’s decision is correct, I wish to state
that the decision and approach are wrong in principle. As I sought to
emphasise in Boaz Koh – in the passages I quoted at [2] above – reformative
training too is geared towards the rehabilitation of the offender and hence
remains a viable option in such cases. That is why I allowed the appeal in the
last mention and called for the further reports. In the present case, the
youthfulness of the offender is what points towards rehabilitation retaining
its primacy as the primary sentencing consideration; and it is why the court
is faced with a choice between probation and reformative training rather than
a term of imprisonment. To simply repeat the observation that rehabilitation
is the primary sentencing consideration does not help to resolve this choice
between probation and reformative training.

12 I also wish to correct what I consider to be a misconception in relation to
the approach that the court should take in deciding whether to impose
reformative training as a sentencing option. In the course of her submissions,
counsel for the Respondent, Ms Cheryl Ng (“Ms Ng”), examined a few precedents
where a term of reformative training had been imposed, and suggested that
reformative training should not be imposed in this case because the
circumstances in those precedents are, in her view, more aggravated than those
in the present case. This suggests that in choosing between probation and
reformative training, the court should see the two as points along a
continuum, with the choice of sentence depending solely on the seriousness of
the offence and the presence or absence of aggravating circumstances.

13 With respect, in my judgment, such an approach is not correct. While there
is no denying that reformative training is more onerous than probation, the
choice between them is not governed solely or primarily by the presence or
absence of aggravating circumstances. That is the approach that is typically
adopted to determine a suitable length of imprisonment and/or an appropriate
quantum of fine. But reformative training, juxtaposed with probation, attracts
a different form of analysis. At the outset, it should be noted that
reformative training is for a fixed minimum period of time, and the actual
duration that the offender would have to undergo reformative training beyond
the prescribed minimum is dependent on the offender’s progress during the
reformative training. Hence, the actual period of time for which the young
offender will have to undergo reformative training is not a matter that is
within the control or purview of the court. It follows that when the court
considers whether to impose a term of reformative training, what is relevant
is the type of sentence that reformative training is, and the question the
court must determine is whether such a sentence is called for in the
circumstances.

14 As I have said in Boaz Koh, reformative training and probation are both
rehabilitative sentencing options; the choice between reformative training and
probation is governed primarily by whether there is in the circumstances a
need for a degree of deterrence within an overarching focus and emphasis on
rehabilitation. In my judgment, it would therefore be unhelpful to approach
the issue of whether reformative training should be imposed in a given case
from the vantage point of comparing the circumstances of the case before the
court with other cases where reformative training has been imposed, and then
submitting that reformative training should not be imposed in the case at hand
because the circumstances are less aggravating. Simply put, reformative
training should ordinarily be preferred over probation if the court considers
that there is a need for deterrence.

15 Against the backdrop of those observations, I return to the present case. I
have already touched on the youthfulness of the offender and his sound
prospects of rehabilitation (see [5]–[6] above). As I have said, this does not
exclude consideration of the imposition of reformative training. It is true
that the court will take cognisance of the fact that the Respondent is a young
offender and will not usually treat him in the same way as an older offender.
But this does not take matters very far. Had the offender in this case been
appreciably older, the sentence in question would be a term of imprisonment;
and that term – in circumstances that are otherwise identical – would be
lengthy because there would be no consideration given to the immaturity of a
young offender which might have inclined him to give in to the impulses of the
moment. Moreover, there would be an inevitable finding that the offender in
such a case was deliberately and cynically taking advantage of the
youthfulness and drunken state of the victim. But discounting those factors,
and accepting that this was a young offender more prone to impulse and
arguably less focused on exploiting the vulnerability of the victim, the court
remains focused on rehabilitative sentencing options instead of considering a
substantial term of imprisonment.

16 As to the setting in which the offence occurred, in my judgment, little, if
any, weight can be placed on the suggestion of the defence that the
culpability of the Respondent is in some way mitigated because he found the
victim in a bar and might have thought she was over the age of consent. For
one thing, the offence is one of strict liability. Furthermore, the Respondent
was himself drinking even though he was underage and there is even some
suggestion, made on his behalf, that he might have been drunk. It is not
evident how he could reasonably have formed any view of the age of the victim
on the supposition that she would act in accordance with the law, when he
himself was not doing so. In any case, there is no evidence that has been put
before me to suggest that it would have been reasonable for him to conclude by
looking at this victim, regardless of where she was, that she was over the age
of 16.

17 Nor do I place relevance on the argument that the offence was committed
opportunistically rather than in a premeditated way. Chao JA in Qiu Shuihua
has already drawn out some of the differences between an offence that is
committed in a premeditated way and one that is committed in the context of a
relationship. But aside from that, if the Respondent had committed the offence
in a deliberate and premeditated way, that would have been a serious
aggravating factor, which might well have displaced the focus on
rehabilitation altogether in favour of other sentencing interests such as
deterrence and retribution.

18 The recounting of the relevant events in the Statement of Facts suggests
that the Respondent decided to approach the victim as she emerged from the
restroom after an initial period of conversation, and he then hugged and
kissed her before carrying her into the stairwell and closing the door. The
Statement of Facts then reads: “[he] turned the victim, who was in a drunk and
vulnerable state, around to face the wall. [He] then penetrated [her] … from
behind … when she was bending down”. In my judgment, the clear impression to
be drawn from the above narrative – which is contained in the Statement of
Facts that the Respondent had admitted to – is that the Respondent was in
control of the situation over the victim, who was in a drunk and vulnerable
state and who was carried to the scene and then turned around into position by
the Respondent for him to do what he then proceeded to do. This, to my mind,
is a factor that makes the offence graver because the Respondent was
effectively in control throughout the entire episode. While I accept Ms Ng’s
submission that the victim was neither unconscious nor wholly without control
of her faculties, this does not materially advance the Respondent’s case
because the fact that she was drunk and vulnerable is, by itself, sufficient
to aggravate the offence.

19 As to the progress made by the Respondent as noted by the probation officer
and his superiors in the army where he is now serving his national service,
this is to be commended. But in the final analysis, it is in his interest that
he continues to strive for improvement. The argument that the progress that an
offender has achieved would be undone if he were to be sentenced to
reformative training is not helpful. The focus and purpose of reformative
training is to reform and rehabilitate an offender within a rigorous and
structured environment. Further, if the progress that an offender has achieved
can be so easily undone or undermined by a sentence of reformative training,
this raises the concern that such progress is unduly fragile and is perhaps
not reflective of real change but is born of a desire to avoid a more onerous
sentence (see my observations at [64] of Boaz Koh where I cautioned against
being influenced by an offender’s efforts at rehabilitation which might be
geared towards seeking to persuade the court to impose a lighter sentence).

20 In my judgment, the arguments advanced on the Respondent’s behalf fail to
consider, to a sufficient extent, the seriousness of the offence, the harm
done to the victim and, most importantly, the public interest in deterring
such conduct. Again, I reiterate what I said in Boaz Koh at [39]:

39 … at the first stage of the inquiry, the court is concerned with whether
there is a need to incorporate a sufficient element of deterrence within the
overarching focus on the goal of rehabilitation. Because reformative training
incorporates the elements I have noted in the previous paragraph, it will be
the preferred sentencing option in cases where a degree of deterrence is
desired. [emphasis added]

21 In my judgment, a degree of deterrence is called for in this case. I place
emphasis on the interest of general deterrence because it is important that
other like-minded youths who find themselves in a similar situation understand
that the consequences of engaging in such conduct is likely to be a stint of
reformative training, if not worse. I also consider that there is a need for
specific deterrence. This is not the Respondent’s first brush with the law. He
had previously been sentenced to probation for the offence of mischief of fire
in November 2012, and that stint of probation ended just seven months before
the present offence took place. Prior to that, he had also been placed on the
Guidance Programme from November 2010 to May 2011 for stealing shoes from a
corridor with a friend and setting a national flag on fire. I am aware and
accept that those antecedents are of a different nature from the present
offence. But this history strengthens my view that he will benefit from
undergoing a stint in the structured environment of reformative training where
he can undertake serious efforts at making a fresh start.

22 Before concluding, I briefly touch on two points raised by Ms Ng. First, Ms
Ng drew attention to the fact that the Respondent’s father is dying. Let me
say in no uncertain terms that that is tragic; but in the final analysis it
does not affect my decision. What is critical in cases such as the present is
the need to focus on what is in the best interest of the young offender. He
may well prefer not to spend the next period of his life in the structured
environment of reformative training away from his father but, in my judgment,
that is the best course for his reform and rehabilitation.

23 Second, Ms Ng referred to the fact that the victim has had sexual relations
with her boyfriend. It was not clear to me just what the point was that was
being made by this reference. Ms Ng suggested that all she was putting forward
is that the victim had not been traumatised by the incident. I am not
convinced first that that is a conclusion that can fairly be drawn in all the
circumstances. It seems clear, at least to me, that there is no basis for
comparing, much less equating, a 14-year-old’s reaction to one or more sexual
encounters with her boyfriend, with whom she appeared to be in a steady
relationship, with an encounter that took place with a stranger shortly after
she had met him for the first time and when she was drunk and vulnerable. But
in the final analysis, even if it were true that she had not been traumatised,
that would not be a mitigating factor; it would only mean that there was no
such aggravating factor. I thus disregard it. It is not clear to me why it was
thought necessary for a point that appeared, in the final analysis, to be
directed at the morality of the victim to be put forward. That is seldom
helpful in the context of sexual offences. As officers of the court, counsel
should always be mindful of the importance of ensuring the appropriateness and
relevance of any submission that he or she is making, and this is especially
so where such a submission impugns the character or integrity of a person who
is not only not on trial but is in fact the victim of the crime in question.

24 Finally, I am satisfied that imposing a sentence of reformative training
will not be disproportionate. A serious offence has been committed and as I
observed at the last mention and reiterate today, the vulnerability of the
victim on account not only of her age but of her state of drunkenness
exacerbates the seriousness of the offence. I am encouraged by the
Respondent’s willingness to change and the progress he has made, but
ultimately, in my judgment, reformative training remains the most appropriate
sentence in this case. I urge the Respondent to continue with his efforts
within the rehabilitation regime provided in the reformative training centre
and to strive to be a valuable member of society when he has completed his
sentence.

Sundaresh Menon  
Chief Justice

Charlene Tay Chia and Amanda Chong Wei-Zhen (Attorney-General’s Chambers) for
the appellant;

Sadhana Rai and Cheryl Ng (Criminal Legal Aid Scheme, The Law Society of
Singapore) for the respondent.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:40 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

