Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the republic of singapore

[2016] SGHC 238

Suit No 1234 of 2015 (Registrar’s Appeal No 43 of 2016)

Between

DYNA-JET PTE LTD  
---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

WILSON TAYLOR ASIA PACIFIC PTE LTD  
---  
  
… Defendant

grounds of decision

[Arbitration] – [Agreement] – [Definition]

[Arbitration] – [Stay of court proceedings] – [Mandatory stay under
International Arbitration Act]

[Arbitration] – [Stay of court proceedings] – [Grounds]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Dyna-Jet Pte Ltd

  
v

  

Wilson Taylor Asia Pacific Pte Ltd

[2016] SGHC 238

High Court — Suit No 1234 of 2015 (Registrar’s Appeal No 43 of 2016)  
Vinodh Coomaraswamy J  
29 February; 18 April; 25 May 2016

31 October 2016

Vinodh Coomaraswamy J

Introduction

1 The plaintiff and defendant in this action are parties to a dispute-
resolution agreement which confers on the plaintiff – and on the plaintiff
alone – the right to elect whether to submit their disputes to arbitration.
When a dispute arose in 2015, the plaintiff elected not to refer it to
arbitration and commenced this action instead. The defendant has applied to
stay this action in favour of arbitration. The plaintiff resists the
application on the basis that there is no arbitration agreement between the
parties; alternatively that any arbitration agreement they may have is “null
and void, inoperative or incapable of being performed”.

2 The defendant’s application raises two issues. First, does a dispute-
resolution agreement which gives only one party the right to elect to
arbitrate disputes constitute an “arbitration agreement” within the meaning of
our arbitration legislation? Second, what is the meaning of the phrase “null
and void, inoperative or incapable of being performed”?

3 I have dismissed the defendant’s application to stay this action, holding
that: (i) the parties do have an arbitration agreement; but (ii) that their
arbitration agreement is incapable of being performed. The result of the
plaintiff’s election not to arbitrate the dispute which underlies this action
is that the contingency which the parties made intrinsic to their arbitration
agreement – an election by the plaintiff to arbitrate this dispute – has not
been satisfied. Further, on a proper construction of the parties’ arbitration
agreement, the plaintiff has now bound itself to litigate this dispute.
Therefore, the intrinsic contingency in the parties’ dispute-resolution
agreement can now never be satisfied in respect of this dispute. In my view,
that makes their arbitration agreement incapable of being performed. I do not,
however, think that that makes their arbitration agreement either inoperative
or null and void.

4 The result of my decision is that the parties’ dispute will now be resolved
by a court in Singapore rather than by an arbitrator in Singapore.

5 The defendant has, with my leave, appealed to the Court of Appeal against my
decision. I therefore set out my reasons.

Background facts

The parties

6 The plaintiff is Dyna-Jet Pte Ltd (“Dyna-Jet”), a subsidiary of an
international group of companies providing specialist engineering services. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Statement of claim at paragraph 1.

These engineering services include services carried out underwater by divers.

7 The defendant is Wilson Taylor Asia Pacific Pte Ltd (“Wilson Taylor”), a
subsidiary of an international group of companies specialising in what is
known as “cathodic protection technology”.

8 Both Dyna-Jet and Wilson Taylor are companies incorporated in Singapore and
have their place of business in Singapore. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Affidavit of S Uthayakumaran dated 23 December 2015 at paragraph 2.

It appears from the evidence, however, that they have clients around the
region and, accordingly perform their contracts both in and outside Singapore.

The contract and the dispute resolution agreement

9 In April 2015, Wilson Taylor engaged Dyna-Jet to install underwater anodes
on the island of Diego Garcia in the Indian Ocean. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Statement of claim at paragraphs 2 and 3.

The terms of the parties’ contract are set out in a commercial proposal from
Dyna-Jet to Wilson Taylor dated 28 April 2015 which Wilson Taylor accepted by
a purchase order dated 29 April 2015. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

Defendant’s bundle of documents dated 15 April 2016 at pages 4 to 13.

10 The contract includes Dyna-Jet’s pro forma standard terms and conditions. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

Defendant’s bundle of documents dated 15 April 2016 at pages 11 and 12.

One of those standard terms is a dispute-resolution agreement which, in
express terms, gives Dyna-Jet a right to elect to arbitrate a dispute:

Resolution of Disputes and Complaints

Dyna-Jet and [Wilson Taylor] agree to cooperate in good faith to resolve any
disputes arising in connection with the interpretation, implementation and
operation of the Contract. Disputes relating to services performed under the
Contract shall be noted to Dyna-Jet within three (3) days of the issue
arising, thereafter the period for raising such dispute shall expire.

Any claim or dispute or breach of terms of the Contract shall be settled
amicably between the parties by mutual consultation. If no amicable settlement
is reached through discussions, at the election of Dyna-Jet, the dispute may
be referred to and personally settled by means of arbitration proceedings,
which will be conducted under English Law; and held in Singapore.

…

[emphasis added]

A dispute leads to this action

11 A dispute arose under the contract in September 2015. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

Statement of claim at paragraphs 9 to 14.

As a result of the dispute, Dyna-Jet suspended work and recalled its divers to
Singapore. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

Statement of claim at paragraph 12.

That, in turn, led to Wilson Taylor engaging another contractor to replace
Dyna-Jet and complete the installation. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

Statement of claim at paragraph 15.

12 In December 2015, after the parties had failed to reach a negotiated
settlement of the dispute, Dyna-Jet commenced this action. Dyna-Jet’s claim is
that Wilson Taylor has committed repudiatory breaches of the contract which
Dyna-Jet has accepted. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

Statement of claim at paragraphs 14 to 16.

Wilson Taylor in due course applied for an order staying this action
permanently and compelling Dyna-Jet to arbitrate the underlying dispute. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

SUM6171/2015 at paragraph 2.

I have no power, on an application under s 6(2) of the International
Arbitration Act (Cap 143A, 2002 Rev Ed) (“the IAA”), to order a plaintiff to
arbitrate the dispute underlying the action. Indeed, it is questionable
whether I would have that power – which amounts to granting specific
performance of an arbitration agreement – even on a claim by Wilson Taylor
against Dyna-Jet for contractual relief arising from Dyna-Jet’s breach of the
arbitration agreement in pursuing this litigation. I therefore treat the
application before me as confined to an application for a stay alone, as the
arbitration legislation envisages.

13 Both parties argued this application before me on the basis that the IAA
was the controlling statute. However, Wilson Taylor’s application expressly
seeks a stay only under s 6 of the Arbitration Act (Cap 10, 2002 Rev Ed) (“the
AA”). 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

SUM6171/2015 at paragraph 2.

It makes no reference to s 6 of the IAA either alone or in the alternative.
Despite that, Wilson Taylor’s written submissions suggest that there is a live
issue as to whether it is the AA or the IAA which applies to the contract. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

Defendant’s skeletal submissions dated 26 February 2016 at paragraphs 17 and
18.

To the extent that it is necessary for me to make a finding on this issue, I
accept Wilson Taylor’s submission 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

Defendant’s skeletal submissions dated 26 February 2016 at paragraph 25(a).

that it is the IAA which applies. The substantial part of Dyna-Jet’s
obligations under the contract were to be performed in Diego Garcia. That is
also the place with which the subject-matter of the dispute between the
parties is most closely connected. Both parties have their place of business
in Singapore, not in Diego Garcia. Any arbitration which may arise from the
parties’ contract would, therefore, be an “international arbitration” within
the meaning of s 5(2)(b)(ii) of the IAA. All issues before me are therefore
governed by the IAA rather than by the AA.

14 In any event, to the extent that the AA is relevant at all, it is my view
that Dyna-Jet has established “sufficient reason” within the meaning of s
6(2)(a) of the AA why the parties’ dispute should not be referred to
arbitration. “Sufficient reason” exists for the same reasons which have led to
my conclusions on s 6 of the IAA and which I set out in more detail in these
grounds.

15 I should also note that Dyna-Jet, rightly in my view, did not take the
technical point that Wilson Taylor’s stay application is defective because the
statutory provision cited in it does not match the statutory provision which
actually governs its application. The mismatch is a mere irregularity which
has caused no prejudice to Dyna-Jet, even in respect of costs. If that
technical point were to be taken, I would without hesitation grant Wilson
Taylor leave to amend its application in order to cite the correct section,
ie, s 6 of the IAA.

The assistant registrar’s decision

16 Wilson Taylor’s application for a stay was heard, in the usual way, first
by an assistant registrar. She dismissed the application. She held that the
parties’ dispute-resolution agreement (see [9] above) was an arbitration
agreement within the meaning of the IAA even though only Dyna-Jet had a right
to elect arbitration. That is because, once Dyna-Jet exercised its election,
Wilson Taylor was bound to arbitrate the relevant dispute. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

Certified Transcript dated 21 January 2016 at page 4 lines 26 to 29.

But she held that this arbitration agreement, on the facts of this case, was
“inoperative” or was “incapable of being performed” because Dyna-Jet had
elected not to arbitrate the parties’ dispute in order to resolve it but had
elected instead to litigate it. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

Certified Transcript dated 21 January 2016 at page 4 line 29 to page 5 line 2.

17 The assistant registrar also observed that staying this action would defeat
the parties’ contractual intent manifested in their dispute-resolution
agreement. A stay would compel Dyna-Jet to arbitrate the parties’ dispute even
though: (i) it had no obligation to do so, being the beneficiary of a
contractual right to elect to do so; (ii) had unequivocally indicated its
intention not to exercise that right of election; and (iii) had, by commencing
this litigation instead, acted positively to crystallise its election not to
arbitrate. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

Certified Transcript dated 21 January 2016 at page 5 lines 5 to 11.

18 Dissatisfied with the assistant registrar’s decision, Wilson Taylor
appealed to a judge in chambers. That appeal came before me.

The issues

The two issues which arise for determination

19 Wilson Taylor’s application to stay this action and its appeal against the
assistant registrar’s decision turns on the proper construction of two key
sections of the IAA: s 2A and s 6.

20 Section 2A defines an “arbitration agreement” as follows:

Definition and form of arbitration agreement

2A.—(1) In this Act, “arbitration agreement” means an agreement by the parties
to submit to arbitration all or certain disputes which have arisen or which
may arise between them in respect of a defined legal relationship, whether
contractual or not.

Whenever the phrase “arbitration agreement” appears in this judgment, unless
the context otherwise requires, I intend that phrase to mean an “arbitration
agreement” within the meaning of s 2A of the IAA.

21 This definition of “arbitration agreement” echoes the language of Article
II(1) of the Convention on the Recognition and Enforcement of Foreign Arbitral
Awards (New York, 1958) (the “New York Convention”). That is the article which
imposes an obligation on each of the New York Convention’s contracting states
to recognise arbitration agreements.

22 Section 6 of the IAA obliges the court to stay litigation between parties
to an arbitration agreement:

Enforcement of international arbitration agreement

6\. —(1) … [W]here any party to an arbitration agreement … institutes any
proceedings in any court against any other party to the agreement in respect
of any matter which is the subject of the agreement, any party to the
agreement may … apply to that court to stay the proceedings so far as the
proceedings relate to that matter.

(2) The court … shall make an order … staying the proceedings … unless it is
satisfied that the arbitration agreement is null and void, inoperative or
incapable of being performed.

23 It is common ground that, if the parties’ dispute-resolution agreement is
found to be an arbitration agreement, the dispute which is the subject-matter
of this action is “the subject of the agreement” within the meaning of s 6(1).
In other words, there is no dispute that the subject-matter of this action
falls within the meaning of the phrase “Any claim or dispute or breach of
terms of the Contract” in the parties’ dispute-resolution agreement (see [10]
above).

24 Wilson Taylor’s stay application therefore turns on only the following two
issues:

(a) Whether the parties’ dispute-resolution agreement is an “arbitration
agreement” within the meaning of s 2A of the IAA; and

(b) Whether their dispute-resolution agreement is “null and void, inoperative
or incapable of being performed” within the meaning of the proviso to s 6(2)
of the IAA.

The burden and standard of proof

25 As the applicant for the stay, Wilson Taylor bears the burden of persuading
me on the first of these issues. Although that burden is unquestionably a real
burden, it is undoubtedly a light one: Rals International Pte Ltd v Cassa di
Risparmio di Parma e Piacenza SpA [2016] SGCA 53 (“Rals”) at [20]. At this
stage, and for the purposes of this application, all Wilson Taylor need do to
succeed on the first issue is to satisfy me that there is a prima facie case
in its favour on that issue: Tomolugen Holdings Ltd and another v Silica
Investors Ltd and other appeals [2016] 1 SLR 373 (“Tomolugen”) at [63].

26 As the party resisting the stay, Dyna-Jet bears the burden of satisfying me
(as s 6(2) requires) on the second of these issues: Tjong Very Sumito and
others v Antig Investments Pte Ltd [2009] 4 SLR(R) 732 (“Tjong”) at [22]. This
accords with the approach in England, where the second issue is a part of
English law by virtue of the proviso to s 9(4) of the English Arbitration Act
1996 (c 23) (UK). On this approach, it is for the party resisting the stay to
establish that an arbitration agreement is within the proviso to s 6(2) rather
than for the party applying for the stay to establish that it is not: Downing
v Al Tameer Establishment and another [2002] EWCA Civ 721 (“Downing”) at [20].
To meet its burden on this issue, the party resisting the stay must establish
that no other conclusion on this issue is arguable: JSC BTA Bank v Mukhtar
Ablyazov and others [2011] 2 Lloyd’s Rep 129 at [33].

27 Tomolugen (at [63]) appears to say that it is for the applicant for a stay
to establish a prima facie case, amongst other things, that the arbitration
agreement is not “null and void, inoperative or incapable of being performed”.
To the extent that there is any inconsistency between the approach suggested
by this passage in Tomolugen and the approach suggested by Tjong at [22], I
prefer to adopt the approach suggested in Tjong. Casting the burden on the
second issue on the party resisting the stay application – as the party
asserting that the parties’ arbitration agreement is within the proviso to s
6(2) of the IAA – appears to me to be consistent both with our ordinary
approach to allocating the burden of proof and also with our ordinary approach
to applications under s 6 of the IAA. And casting this burden on the party
resisting the stay to the standard which I have set out at [26] above is
simply the converse of the standard which the applicant for a stay must
achieve on the first issue.

28 Leaving aside the incidence of the burden of proof for the time being, the
result of this approach to the standard of proof is to stay an action under s
6 of the IAA whenever there is a prima facie case in favour of a stay. That
approach leaves it to the arbitral tribunal to come to a final decision on the
underlying issues. That approach upholds the principle of non-intervention set
out in Article 5 of the UNCITRAL Model Law on International Commercial
Arbitration (“the Model Law”) and accords primacy to the doctrines of
separability and kompetenz-kompetenz implemented in Article 16: see Tjong at
[22] to [24]; Tomolugen at [57] to [70]; Malini Ventura v Knight Capital Pte
Ltd and others [2015] 5 SLR 707 at [36]; cf Nigel Peter Albon (trading as NA
Carriage Co) v Naza Motor Trading Sdn Bhd and another [2007] 2 All ER 1075 at
[13].

The law to be applied to the issues

29 There is also a threshold issue as to which law I should apply in order to
determine the two issues before me (see [24] above). I shall treat the
parties’ dispute-resolution agreement as an arbitration agreement for the time
being even though I have not yet explained my reasons for arriving at that
conclusion. The application before me is an application for a stay under s 6
of the IAA. That application is obviously governed by Singapore law. In order
to determine that application, however, Singapore law requires me to assess
whether there is at least a prima facie case that the parties have an
agreement to arbitrate within the meaning of s 2A and, if so, whether that
agreement is “null and void, inoperative or incapable of being performed”
within the meaning of the proviso to s 6(2) of the IAA (see [22] above).

30 As I will show, the common thread which underpins the three elements of the
proviso to s 6(2) is the existence of circumstances which operate either to
prevent the parties from coming under a contractual obligation to arbitrate or
to release the parties from a contractual obligation to arbitrate. That is
because s 2A and s 6 locate the source of the consent necessary to make
arbitration a consensual dispute-resolution procedure in the parties’
contractual consent to arbitrate (as opposed to their subjective consent to
arbitrate).

31 It would be unduly parochial, however, to examine the parties’ arbitration
agreement purely through the lens of Singapore law simply because this
application is made under Singapore legislation to a Singapore court. Their
arbitration agreement is found in a contract governed by English law. That
means that the arbitration agreement is also governed by English law: there is
no reason in this case to move beyond the starting assumption that the parties
intended their arbitration agreement to be governed by the proper law of the
broader contract in which it is found: Sulamérica Cia Nacional de Seguros SA
and others v Enesa Engelharia SA and others [2013] 1 WLR 102 at [11] to [14].

32 There is therefore a potential for a conflict – or at the very least a need
to distinguish – between Singapore law (as the law of the forum and therefore
as the law governing this application) and English law (as the proper law of
the parties’ arbitration agreement). Happily, it is my view that there is no
material difference between Singapore law and English law on the points which
are relevant to resolve the only two issues before me. That approach appears
to be shared by the parties, who have not sought to argue before me that there
is any material difference between the two laws. It is therefore unnecessary
for me to specify which law I am applying in arriving at my ultimate decision
on Wilson Taylor’s application or in arriving at the intermediate decisions
necessary for that ultimate decision.

33 I now address the two issues before me (see [24] above) in turn.

“Arbitration agreement”

A reference to arbitration is insufficient to constitute an arbitration
agreement

34 Wilson Taylor’s first submission is that the dispute-resolution agreement
“makes a clear reference to refer future disputes to arbitration and/or
provided parties with the discretion to elect to arbitrate as a means of
resolving the dispute” (emphasis added). 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

Defendant’s skeletal submissions dated 26 February 2016 at paragraph 25(b).

That, Wilson Taylor says, suffices to establish prima facie that it is an
arbitration agreement.

35 I cannot accept this submission. I say that for two reasons. First, for a
dispute-resolution agreement to be an arbitration agreement, it must do more
than merely make a “clear reference” to arbitration. Second, this dispute-
resolution agreement does not give both parties a right to elect to arbitrate:
it gives only Dyna-Jet a right to elect to arbitrate.

Fundamental element of an “arbitration agreement”

36 If Wilson Taylor’s first submission is correct, a dispute-resolution
agreement which merely refers in some way – even in passing – to the parties’
submitting future disputes to arbitration would be an “arbitration agreement”.
That cannot be correct. Although it may appear a tautology to say so, a sine
qua non of an “arbitration agreement” is that it is an “agreement”. A dispute-
resolution agreement which merely refers to arbitration cannot, contrary to
Wilson Taylor’s first submission, suffice to constitute an agreement to
arbitrate.

37 That must be so for a number of reasons. First, arbitration is founded
entirely on the parties’ consent to arbitrate: Tomolugen at [25]. Without that
consent, there is no basis to divert the parties’ dispute from the state’s
default procedure for resolving disputes to be resolved privately by
arbitration. A mere reference to arbitration in a dispute-resolution agreement
cannot suffice to supply the necessary consent. What must be found in the
dispute-resolution agreement is the consent of both parties to be bound to
arbitrate. Having said that, however, my analysis of the cases will show (at
[64] to [113] below) that it makes no difference whether that consent to
arbitrate is given unconditionally or conditionally, ie, subject to a
contingency.

38 Second, the word “agreement” encompasses at the very least a meeting of
minds. The word can only mean either: (i) a meeting of minds simpliciter,
insufficient in itself to create legal rights or to impose legal duties; or
(ii) a contract, ie, a meeting of minds which satisfies the legal requirements
to create enforceable rights and binding duties. On either meaning, the word
“agreement” is not apt to encompass a dispute-resolution agreement which does
no more than merely refer to arbitration, no matter how clear that mere
reference is.

39 Third, both the IAA and the AA permit a defendant to apply for a stay of
any action brought contrary to an arbitration agreement. The stay, when
granted, amounts to enforcing the arbitration agreement, albeit only in the
negative sense. It is the functional equivalent of an injunction restraining
the plaintiff from breaching the arbitration agreement. That is clear, at
least in relation to international arbitration agreements, from the heading to
s 6 of the IAA: “Enforcement of international arbitration agreement” (see [22]
above).

40 This statutory right of enforcement makes clear that a mere reference to
arbitration is insufficient to turn an ordinary dispute-resolution agreement
into an arbitration agreement. Indeed, this point goes much further: it
suggests that an agreement to arbitrate which is an agreement simpliciter –
ie, which is incapable of creating a binding legal obligation to arbitrate,
either immediately or upon satisfaction of a contingency – is also
insufficient. The alternative would be to recognise that the stay provisions
of either Act can deny a party to a contract access to dispute resolution
through the courts when that party has no contractual obligation to arbitrate
which would suffice to secure an injunction to enforce the arbitration
agreement in an action for breach of contract. If that were the case, it could
no longer be asserted that arbitration was founded on consent. The stay in
that hypothetical situation would be statute-based and not consent-based. But
there is no hint of any legislative intent in either Act to make non-
contractual agreements to arbitrate statutorily enforceable (in the negative
sense, through a stay) and therefore binding by statute rather that by
consent. “Agreement” in this context must therefore mean “contract”, the
second meaning of “agreement” which I have posited at [38] above.

41 A contract can, of course be either unconditional or conditional, subject
to a contingency. This conclusion does not dictate that an arbitration
agreement must comprise an unconditional obligation to arbitrate, simply that
it must comprise some sort of obligation to arbitrate. To be an arbitration
agreement, therefore, a dispute-resolution agreement must comprise a
contractual obligation to arbitrate, whether unconditional or conditional.

42 For all these reasons, I consider Wilson Taylor’s first submission (see
[34] above) to be unarguable. A dispute-resolution agreement which merely
makes a reference to arbitration – no matter how clear – is not an arbitration
agreement.

A discretion to elect to arbitrate

43 The second reason I cannot accept Wilson Taylor’s first submission is that
that Wilson Taylor is wrong in saying that this dispute-resolution agreement
gives “parties” – ie, both parties – “the discretion to elect to arbitrate”.
It is clear from construing the arbitration agreement properly that it confers
a right of election only on Dyna-Jet.

44 The general approach to be taken to construing arbitration agreements,
unless there is good reason to conclude otherwise, is a generous one (Larsen
Oil and Gas Pte Ltd v Petroprod Ltd (in official liquidation in the Cayman
Islands and in compulsory liquidation in Singapore) [2011] 3 SLR 414
(“Larsen”) at [13]; Rals at [30]). That was said, admittedly, in cases where
there was no doubt that the parties’ dispute-resolution agreement was an
arbitration agreement and the sole issue was the scope of that agreement.
However, the weight of recent authority, some of which I shall analyse below,
is that the same generous approach to contractual construction should be
applied when ascertaining whether a particular dispute-resolution agreement is
an arbitration agreement in the first place.

45 There is no good reason in this case not to apply the generous modern
approach to construing the parties’ dispute-resolution agreement. The parties’
contract is an ordinary commercial contract. Neither their contract nor their
dispute touches upon specialised areas of the law where countervailing
considerations of policy or commerce operate to supply the necessary “good
reason”, such as the law of insolvency (cf Larsen) or the law of negotiable
instruments (cf Rals).

46 It may be said that choosing at the outset to apply the modern generous
approach to construing arbitration agreements in order to ascertain whether a
dispute-resolution agreement is indeed an arbitration agreement is to beg the
question. That would not be correct. The modern approach to interpreting
arbitration clauses championed in cases such as Fiona Trust & Holding
Corporation and others v Privalov and others [2007] 2 All ER (Comm) 1053 and
Rals is simply, as far as possible, to determine and advance the parties’
commercial intention, objectively ascertained from their arbitration
agreement: Rals at [32]. It is intended as an antidote to the traditional
suspicion with which the common law traditionally regarded arbitration
agreements. The effect of the generous approach is merely to stipulate that
arbitration agreements ought now to be interpreted by adopting the same
approach by which we construe any other provision of any other contract. In
our jurisdiction, that approach is set out in the seminal case of Zurich
Insurance (Singapore) Pte Ltd v B-Gold Interior Design & Construction Pte Ltd
[2008] 3 SLR(R) 1029. There is therefore nothing circular in applying the
modern approach in order to determine whether a dispute-resolution clause
ought to be characterised prima facie as an arbitration agreement.

47 The parties’ dispute-resolution agreement is set out in full at [10] above.
I now extract and set out its operative words:

Any claim or dispute … shall be settled amicably between the parties by mutual
consultation. If no amicable settlement is reached through discussions, at the
election of Dyna-Jet, the dispute may be referred to and personally settled by
means of arbitration proceedings ….

[emphasis added]

48 This aspect of Wilson Taylor’s first submission depends on reading the
phrase “at the election of Dyna-Jet” (italicised above) as modifying the
phrase which precedes it in that sentence (ie, “If no amicable settlement is
reached through discussions, …”) rather than the phrase which follows it in
that sentence (“the dispute may be referred to … arbitration…”). On Wilson
Taylor’s reading, therefore, the parties’ commercial intent manifested in
their dispute-resolution agreement was to grant both parties a right to refer
a dispute to arbitration if Dyna-Jet elected not to reach an amicable
settlement of that dispute through discussions.

49 Even applying the most generous of approaches to construction, I consider
the reading which Wilson Taylor advances to be unarguably wrong. That reading
makes no sense, either as a matter of language or as a matter of commerce.

50 First, as a matter of language, it makes no sense to speak of a party
“electing” not to reach an amicable settlement. An election is a choice which
one party makes alone, without the involvement or consent of others. Reaching
an amicable settlement requires the cooperation of both parties to arrive at a
compromise. Reaching a compromise is therefore not typically characterised as
the subject of an election. On the other hand, it makes perfect sense to speak
of a party “electing” to refer a dispute to arbitration. It is true, however,
that breaking off a negotiation and walking away from it is a unilateral act
and could conceivably be classified as an election. But if that is what the
parties intended to capture in their dispute-resolution agreement, that is the
sort of clear and express language they would have needed to use to describe
it.

51 Second, as a matter of commerce, the first sentence I have quoted at [47]
above imposes on the parties an obligation to resolve disputes amicably by
mutual consultation. I leave aside the legal question of whether such an
obligation is a mere agreement to agree and is therefore unenforceable. It
suffices for the present analysis that there is nothing in the dispute-
resolution agreement or in the contract it forms a part of to suggest that the
parties did not intend to be bound by that obligation. Wilson Taylor’s
construction contradicts that intention because it contemplates Dyna-Jet
having a right to “elect” not to reach an amicable settlement despite being
under an obligation to do so. Further, this construction would mean that the
parties intended that if it was Wilson Taylor, rather than Dyna-Jet, who
“elected” not to reach an amicable settlement, the parties’ dispute would have
to be litigated because there would be no basis on which either party would
have a right to elect arbitration. That is a wholly uncommercial construction.

52 In my view, therefore, the dispute-resolution agreement conferred on Dyna-
Jet – and upon Dyna-Jet alone – a right to elect to arbitrate disputes. Any
other construction is unarguable.

53 That takes me to Wilson Taylor’s second and alternative submission on the
first issue.

A right to elect to arbitrate is an arbitration agreement

54 Wilson Taylor’s alternative submission on the first issue is that a
dispute-resolution agreement which confers on only one party a right to elect
to arbitrate is nevertheless an arbitration agreement. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

Defendant’s skeletal submissions dated 26 February 2016 at paragraph 25(c).

55 Dyna-Jet’s response is that a dispute-resolution agreement of the type
posited by Wilson Taylor cannot be an arbitration agreement. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

Plaintiff’s submissions dated 26 February 2016 at paragraph 8.

The IAA defines an arbitration agreement as being an agreement “by the
parties”. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

Plaintiff’s submissions dated 26 February 2016 at paragraph 7.

That implies that both parties must have the right to submit disputes to
arbitration. But under this dispute-resolution agreement – and on the
construction which I have found to be its proper construction (see [52] above)
– only Dyna-Jet has that right. Thus, an essential requirement of the IAA – an
agreement “by the parties” to arbitrate – is not satisfied. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

Plaintiff’s submissions dated 26 February 2016 at paragraph 7.

On this view, the parties’ dispute-resolution agreement will give rise to an
arbitration agreement when a specific future dispute is actually referred to
arbitration. But until then, the dispute-resolution agreement is not an
arbitration agreement. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

Plaintiff’s submissions dated 26 February 2016 at paragraphs 8 and 19.

56 Before analysing the parties’ submissions, I first make a point about
terminology and then disentangle two distinct aspects of Dyna-Jet’s
submissions.

57 First, the point about terminology. A contractual right to elect – whether
to arbitrate or to do anything else – is always a unilateral right. It is
unilateral because the party holding that right is able to exercise it at
will, without the consent or indeed the involvement of the counterparty or of
any other party. That election, if exercised in accordance with the parties’
contract, will in itself bind the counterparty without more. For that reason,
it is a tautology to refer to a right of election under a contract as a
unilateral right to elect. And, for that reason also, it is confusing to use
the term “unilateral right to elect” to describe a right to elect which only
one party to a contract enjoys. It is even more confusing to use the term
“bilateral right to elect” to refer to a right of election which both parties
to a contract enjoy. For that reason, I shall refer to the former situation as
an asymmetric right to elect and the latter as a symmetric right to elect.

58 I now disentangle two aspects of Dyna-Jet’s submission. The first aspect is
that the parties’ dispute-resolution agreement is not an arbitration agreement
because of a lack of mutuality. I shall call this the “mutuality argument”. It
is the mutuality argument which Dyna-Jet raises when it points out that it has
the right, by exercising its asymmetric right to elect, to put Wilson Taylor
under an obligation to arbitrate a dispute but Wilson Taylor has no right ever
to put Dyna-Jet under an obligation to arbitrate a dispute.

59 The second aspect of Dyna-Jet’s submission is that an arbitration agreement
must create a present obligation to arbitrate, even if the consequences of
that obligation will crystallise only in the future, ie, when a dispute
actually arises. On this submission, a dispute-resolution agreement which
makes arbitration of a future dispute entirely optional is, by that fact
alone, not an “arbitration agreement”. I shall call this the “optionality
argument”. It is the optionality argument which Dyna-Jet raises when it
submits that the parties’ dispute-resolution agreement is not an arbitration
agreement (because it does not place the parties under a present obligation to
arbitrate) but will give rise to an arbitration agreement in the future, if
and when Dyna-Jet elects to arbitrate a specific dispute (because the parties
will then, and only then, come under an obligation to arbitrate, and even
then, only in respect of that specific dispute).

60 The two arguments must be disentangled because they point to two different
defects which prevent the parties’ dispute-resolution agreement from being an
arbitration agreement and to different cures for those defects. On the
mutuality argument, the defect is that the right to elect to arbitrate is
asymmetric, ie, available to only one party. If an arbitration agreement
conferred a symmetric right of election, ie, if it made the same right of
election available to both parties, it would satisfy the requirement of
mutuality and would therefore be an arbitration agreement. On the optionality
argument, the defect would remain even if the mutuality argument were
addressed by making the right of election symmetric. The optionality defect
can be cured only by removing the right of election altogether, ie, by making
arbitration of future disputes compulsory rather than the subject of an
election, whether symmetric or asymmetric.

61 On both aspects of this submission, I hold against Dyna-Jet and in favour
of Wilson Taylor. It is my view that the overwhelming weight of modern
Commonwealth authority, which I analyse at [64] to [113] below, has
established the following five propositions of law:

(a) The mutuality argument is discredited. A contractual dispute-resolution
agreement which operates asymmetrically is nevertheless an arbitration
agreement.

(b) The optionality argument is also discredited. A contractual dispute-
resolution agreement which grants a right to elect whether to arbitrate a
future dispute is nevertheless an arbitration agreement.

(c) The combined effect of (a) and (b) is that a contractual dispute-
resolution agreement which confers an asymmetric right to elect whether to
arbitrate a future dispute is nevertheless an arbitration agreement.

(d) A contractual dispute-resolution agreement which confers a right to elect
to arbitrate a future dispute, whether symmetric or asymmetric, is an
arbitration agreement from the moment the parties enter into it contractually.
When the right of election is exercised actually to refer a specific dispute
to arbitration, the dispute-resolution agreement gives rise to a specific
arbitration agreement for that specific dispute. But the underlying dispute-
resolution agreement is nevertheless from the outset an arbitration agreement,
and, even after the right of election comprised in it is exercised, continues
into the future to be an arbitration agreement, capable of being invoked by
election in relation to other disputes.

(e) Where an arbitration agreement confers a right to elect to arbitrate
future disputes, whether symmetric or asymmetric, it is a question to be
determined on the proper construction of that agreement whether a party who
has a right to elect to arbitrate: (i) who does not make that election remains
entitled to commence litigation against its counterparty; and (ii) who does
elect to arbitrate can stay litigation brought by the counterparty.

62 I accept these five propositions as correctly stating English law, the
governing law of the parties’ dispute-resolution agreement, and also Singapore
law, the law governing my jurisdiction to stay this action under s 6 of the
IAA. Indeed, on the strength of the analysis I am about to undertake, I am
prepared to accept that Wilson Taylor has established these propositions on
more than the prima facie basis which is all that it must meet to succeed on
the first issue.

63 I now review the body of Commonwealth authority I have referred to at [61]
above. For ease of exposition, I analyse these authorities in chronological
order rather than by jurisdiction. I consider that approach to be valid
because the core concept of what constitutes an arbitration agreement –
particularly as the legal prerequisite for a stay of litigation – is
consistent in all the cases which I consider. That is not surprising, given
that these cases originate from Commonwealth jurisdictions and have therefore
drawn upon a common conception of an arbitration agreement either from earlier
English arbitration legislation, from the New York Convention, or from the
Model Law.

Hammond v Wolt (1975)

64 I begin my review with Hammond v Wolt [1975] VR 108 (“Hammond”). This is a
decision at first instance in the Supreme Court of Victoria by Menhennitt J.
In Hammond, cl 23(a) of a building contract between an owner and a builder set
out the following dispute-resolution agreement:

23(a) In the event of any dispute arising between the Owner and the Builder …
then either party may give to the other notice in writing of such dispute and
he shall simultaneously therewith notify the President for the time being of
the Housing Industry Association (Victorian Division) or his nominee of such
dispute and shall lodge with the said President or his nominee the sum of $200
or such other sum as the said President or his nominee may direct with a
request to the said President or his nominee to appoint a person (hereinafter
called 'the arbitrator'). …

[emphasis added]

65 The owner commenced action against the builder for breach of contract. The
builder applied to stay the action pursuant to the Arbitration Act 1958 (Vic).
Under that Act, the court had a discretion to stay an action if it was brought
by a party to a “submission”, defined as “a written agreement to submit
present or future differences to arbitration…”.

66 The owner raised the optionality argument in Hammond because the operative
phrase in the dispute-resolution agreement there (italicised above) used the
permissive “may” rather than the mandatory “shall”. But because this dispute-
resolution agreement was symmetric, the owner could not raise the mutuality
argument.

67 Menhennitt J accepted the optionality argument and held that this dispute-
resolution agreement was not a “submission”. He said (at 117):

The question remains whether an agreement which gives either party an option
to have differences submitted to arbitration is an agreement to submit
differences to arbitration within the meaning of … the Act …. In my opinion,
it is not. The expression used is “agreement to submit” and the word “to”
requires, I think, that the parties have agreed that the differences are to be
submitted, not that, at the option of one or other of them, they may be.

68 If this reasoning is correct, Dyna-Jet’s optionality argument is well-
founded. That would suffice, in itself, to defeat Wilson Taylor’s stay
application. But history has shown Hammond to be very much an outlier. Its
reasoning has been discredited in the line of cases which I analyse. That is
so even in Victoria, the jurisdiction in which Hammond was decided (see [97]
below).

The Messiniaki Bergen (1982)

69 The next case is Westfal-Larsen & Co A/S v Ikerigi Compania Naviera SA, The
Messiniaki Bergen [1983] 1 All ER 382 (“The Messiniaki Bergen”). This is a
decision of Bingham J (as Lord Bingham then was) of the English High Court.
Section 32 of the English Arbitration Act 1950 (c 27) defined an “arbitration
agreement” as “a written agreement to submit present or future disputes to
arbitration…”. The question before Bingham J was whether that definition
encompassed a dispute-resolution agreement in a charterparty which obliged the
parties to submit all disputes to the English courts’ jurisdiction subject to
a proviso conferring a symmetric right to elect to refer a dispute to
arbitration. The precise wording of the dispute-resolution agreement was as
follows:

Any dispute arising under this charter shall be decided by the English courts
… Provided that either party may elect to have the dispute referred to the
arbitration of a single arbitrator in London…. Such election shall be made by
written notice by one party to the other not later than 21 days after receipt
of a notice given by one party to the other of a dispute having arisen under
this charter.

The effect of this dispute-resolution agreement was to give each party a right
to elect to arbitrate a dispute but also to subject each party to a
concomitant obligation to arbitrate a dispute if its counterparty exercised
its right of election in respect of that dispute.

70 The question before Bingham J arose in his way. The charterers gave notice
pursuant to this dispute-resolution agreement of their wish to arbitrate their
disputes with the owners. They then sought an order from the English High
Court appointing an arbitrator under s 10 of the Arbitration Act 1950. In
opposition to the application, the owners raised both the optionality argument
and the mutuality argument. Bingham J summarised the owners’ submissions as
follows:

Here, it was submitted, the parties’ primary agreement was for determination
of disputes by the English courts. There was no existing and binding agreement
to arbitrate, as the 1950 Act required, but at best an agreement to agree
(which was no agreement) or a contract of option (which was not a present
agreement and which therefore did not satisfy the 1950 Act). In any event, the
clause only purported to confer a right to arbitrate on the party to whom
notice was given, so that the agreement lacked the mutuality which was a
necessary feature of a valid arbitration agreement.

71 Bingham J rejected both of the owner’s submissions, holding that this
dispute-resolution agreement had indeed given rise to an arbitration
agreement.

72 Bingham J held that he did not have to decide whether mutuality was
essential for an arbitration agreement because, on its proper construction,
this dispute-resolution agreement did not suffer from a lack of mutuality
because it was symmetric: it made the same option to refer disputes to
arbitration available to both parties (at 386):

…[T]he editor of Russell on Arbitration … has expressed doubt whether, to be
valid, an arbitration clause must afford equal rights to both parties. On my
construction of the present clause, however, equal rights of recourse to
arbitration are afforded to both parties and this question is one which I need
not, and accordingly should not, decide.

73 Bingham J rejected the optionality argument, accepting that a right to
elect to arbitrate – or an option to arbitrate, as he characterised it – gave
rise to an arbitration agreement when the option was exercised. Significantly
for Dyna-Jet, however, he appeared to accept that there could be no
arbitration agreement before the option was exercised: (at 385 to 386):

I should be very sorry to conclude that these submissions [on the optionality
argument] are well founded for to do so would gravely disable a clause
meaningful on its face and evidently accepted as effective by parties to
agreements in this form. In the event I am satisfied that the objection is not
well founded. The proviso is not an agreement to agree because on a valid
election to arbitrate (and assuming the clause to be otherwise effective) no
further agreement is needed or contemplated. It is, no doubt, true that by
this clause the parties do not bind themselves to refer future disputes for
determination by an arbitrator and in no other way. Instead, the clause
confers an option, which may but need not be exercised. I see force in the
contention that until an election is made there is no agreement to arbitrate,
but once the election is duly made (and the option exercised) I share the
opinion of the High Court of Delhi in the Bharat case that a binding
arbitration agreement comes into existence. Where the option agreement and the
exercise of the option are both, as here, expressed in writing, the statutory
requirement of a written agreement is in my view satisfied.

[emphasis added]

74 The words of Bingham J which I have italicised above support the
optionality argument which Dyna-Jet makes before me. Bingham J expresses
clearly the view in these words that: (i) an arbitration agreement must be one
by which parties bind themselves immediately to refer future disputes to
arbitration without qualification or contingency; (ii) a dispute-resolution
agreement which confers an option to arbitrate is not an arbitration agreement
at the time it is entered into; and (iii) that an arbitration agreement arises
only when the option is exercised and not before.

75 Each of these three propositions is, however, obiter. In The Messiniaki
Bergen, Bingham J did not have to consider whether the dispute-resolution
agreement before him was, as a matter of its inherent nature, an arbitration
agreement before the charterers exercised their option to arbitrate. That is
because the charterers had already exercised their option to arbitrate by the
time their application came before Bingham J. In the case before me, of
course, Dyna-Jet has never exercised its option to arbitrate. That raises
before me the very question with Bingham J did not have to consider.

76 In my view, The Messiniaki Bergen is weak support for Dyna-Jet’s argument.
That is because: (i) what Bingham J said on the effect of the optionality
argument before an option was exercised was obiter; and (ii) he assumed that
the mutuality argument was valid without deciding that it was. The Messiniaki
Bergen is not, for these reasons, on all fours with the present case.

Pittalis (1986)

77 The optionality argument and the mutuality argument arose squarely for
decision in Pittalis and others v Sherefettin [1986] 2 All ER 227
(“Pittalis”), a decision of the English Court of Appeal. In Pittalis, a rent-
review clause in a lease provided as follows:

The … open market rental value shall be determined … in the following manner …
(ii) at the election of the Lessee by notice in writing to the Lessor not
later than three months after the Lessor’s notification … it shall be
determined … by an independent surveyor appointed for that purpose by the
Lessors and Lessee by agreement in writing...

78 The tenant failed to make an election to have the revised rent determined
by an independent surveyor within the three-month period stipulated by this
clause. He therefore applied to the court under s 27 of the English
Arbitration Act 1950 to extend the time in which he could make that election.
The question for the court was whether this clause was an arbitration
agreement, ie, “an agreement to refer future disputes to arbitration”, within
the meaning of s 27 of the English Act.

79 Fox LJ held that the rent-review clause was an arbitration agreement
because it comprised within it a contractual mechanism by which both parties
could become bound to arbitrate a future dispute. He rejected the optionality
argument on the basis that a present obligation to refer a future dispute to
arbitration upon a contingency, ie, at the tenant’s election, was nevertheless
an arbitration agreement (at 231):

… in my opinion the lease did contain an agreement to refer a future dispute
to arbitration. That agreement was in no sense an agreement to agree. It was
contractual. It is true that there would be no reference to the independent
surveyor unless the tenant elected. But an agreement to arbitrate in future if
a party so elects can, in my opinion, correctly be described as an agreement
to refer a future dispute to arbitration; if there is an election, both
parties are bound. Looking at the matter at the point of time when the lease
was made, there was an agreement to refer a future dispute to arbitration, and
not the less so because the reference was on a contingency (ie election).

[emphasis added]

80 Fox LJ also rejected the mutuality argument. He noted that the English
authorities which stood for the mutuality argument had been powerfully
criticised in the two leading texts on arbitration: Francis Russell, Anthony
Walton, and Mary Victoria, Russell on Arbitration (Stevens, 20th Ed. 1982) and
Michael J Mustill and Stewart C Boyd, The Law and Practice of Commercial
Arbitration (Butterworths, 1982). He held, in effect, that the parties’
bilateral agreement to the dispute-resolution agreement at the point in time
at which it was entered into sufficed to satisfy the requirement of mutuality,
even if that bilateral agreement was for an asymmetric right to arbitrate a
future dispute (at 231):

Looking at the matter apart from authority, I can see no reason why, if an
agreement between two persons confers on one of them alone the right to refer
the matter to arbitration, the reference should not constitute an arbitration.
There is a fully bilateral agreement which constitutes a contract to refer.
The fact that the option is exercisable by only one of the parties seems to me
to be irrelevant. …

Dillon LJ and Neill LJ agreed with Fox LJ.

81 Wilson Taylor relies heavily on the reasoning in Pittalis. I accept that
Fox LJ’s reasoning in that case is highly persuasive and entirely consistent
with the approach our courts have taken generally to arbitration and
specifically to allowing contractual parties the widest autonomy in agreeing
how they are to have access to arbitration in the event of a dispute. It
appears to me also that, with one small caveat, Pittalis is on all fours with
the present case. The clause in question comprised a right to elect to refer a
question to arbitration. The right of election was asymmetric. The English
Court of Appeal had to consider whether that right was “an agreement to refer
future disputes to arbitration”. The court had to consider that question at a
time before any election had been made. The court held that it was an
arbitration agreement and, as part of its ratio, rejected both the optionality
argument and the mutuality argument.

82 Dyna-Jet submits that Pittalis is authority only for the proposition that
where a dispute-resolution agreement gives a party a right to elect to refer a
future dispute to arbitration and that party wishes to exercise that option,
albeit out of time, 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

Plaintiff’s submissions dated 26 February 2016 at paragraph 16.

an arbitration agreement between the parties within the meaning of the IAA
exists. But, says Dyna-Jet, that situation is distinguishable from a case,
such as the present, in which the party given the option to arbitrate (ie,
Dyna-Jet) has never elected to arbitrate and, indeed, has absolutely no
intention of doing so. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

Plaintiff’s submissions dated 26 February 2016 at paragraph 18.

83 I reject this distinction. The tenant in Pittalis had not exercised its
option to arbitrate when the court considered its application. The court
therefore had to consider whether the clause in question was, by its inherent
nature, an arbitration agreement. The court had to undertake that
consideration without the benefit of having a crystallised reference to
arbitration to rely on. Whether an election has actually been made to
arbitrate or not cannot affect the question whether a dispute-resolution
agreement is by its inherent nature an arbitration agreement. That question is
assessed by looking at the dispute-resolution agreement at the time the
parties consent to it contractually and examining whether it comprises within
it a mechanism by which the parties could become bound to arbitrate future
disputes. Whether or not a party who has a right to elect to arbitrate under
the clause does or does not choose to exercise that right at some later point
is irrelevant to the analysis under s 6(1) of the IAA. It may, however,
relevant to the analysis under s 6(2) of the IAA (see [152] to [174] below).

84 The one small caveat which I have mentioned at [81] above, and the only
conceivable point of distinction – which Dyna-Jet has not raised – is that
Pittalis did not involve a right to elect between arbitration and litigation.
Pittalis concerned a rent-review clause and not a dispute-resolution
agreement. The purpose of the rent-review clause in Pittalis was to provide
the tenant an alternative contractual means of fixing the open-market rent.
Its purpose was not to specify how a dispute arising from a breach of contract
should be resolved. Litigation was not an option under the rent-review clause
in Pittalis simply because there would be no breach of contract for the
parties to litigate when the tenant invoked that clause.

85 This, to my mind, is a distinction without a difference. The issues which
both the mutuality argument and the optionality argument raise are internal to
arbitration and relate to the fundamental issue of what constitutes an
arbitration agreement. The points underlying those issues are not made by
reference to breach of contract or by counterpoint with litigation or its
availability as an alternative to arbitration to resolve the dispute arising
from that breach of contract. I therefore accept that Pittalis correctly
states English law – and indeed Singapore law – on both the optionality point
and the mutuality point.

The Stena Pacifica (1990)

86 The next case I analyse is Navigazione Alta Italia S.p.A. v Concordia
Maritime Chartering A.B. (The “Stena Pacifica”) [1990] 2 Lloyd’s Rep 234 (“The
Stena Pacifica”). This is a decision of Evans J sitting in the English High
Court. The Stena Pacifica was a dispute between charterers and owners arising
from a later version of the same standard-form charterparty as was before
Bingham J in The Messiniaki Bergen. It therefore included a similar dispute-
resolution agreement to that which Bingham J had considered earlier (see [69]
above). In The Stena Pacifica, however, the charterers had not exercised their
option to arbitrate. In fact, just like the tenant in Pittalis, the charterers
found themselves out of time to exercise their option and sought an extension
of time to do so under s 27 of the English Arbitration Act 1950.

87 The question before Evans J was the same question which arose in Pittalis:
whether a dispute-resolution agreement was “an agreement to refer future
disputes to arbitration” within the meaning of s 27 of the English Act at a
point in time before a right of election had been exercised. The charterers
argued that even an option to refer future disputes to arbitration was “an
agreement to refer future disputes to arbitration” within the meaning of s 27.
This is the argument which found favour with the Court of Appeal in Pittalis
(see [79] above).

88 Evans J accepted the argument. He held that a dispute-resolution agreement
was “an agreement to refer future disputes to arbitration” even if it
contained a condition – such as the exercise of an option – which had to be
satisfied before a binding obligation to arbitrate a specific dispute could
arise (at 239):

… I prefer to rest my judgment on [the plaintiff’s] second and wider
contention, that even a conditional (or optional) agreement to refer future
disputes to arbitration, is nevertheless “an agreement to refer future
disputes” within the clause. It is a binding agreement (cf. Mr. Justice
Bingham quoted above [in The Messiniaki Bergen]) and it requires the parties
to refer a future dispute to arbitration whenever a valid election is made.
True, there is no reference of any particular dispute until such an agreement
does come into existence, but there never can be an actual reference until
after the dispute has arisen. Before that, there can only be an agreement that
future disputes will be referred, and in my judgment the fact that such an
agreement depends upon the exercise of an option, even by the party claiming
arbitration, does not prevent this from being “an agreement to refer future
disputes” within the [section].

[emphasis added]

89 In The Stena Pacifica, therefore, the question on the optionality argument
which Bingham J did not have to consider in The Messiniaki Bergen arose
squarely for Evans J’s decision. Evans J reached the opposite conclusion.
Further, unlike Pittalis, the question arose before Evans J in the context of
an outright dispute-resolution agreement, ie, where litigation was the
alternative to arbitration if the condition was not satisfied.

PMT Partners (1995)

90 The High Court of Australia considered both the optionality argument and
the mutuality argument in PMT Partners Pty Ltd v Australian National Parks and
Wildlife Service (1995) 131 ALR 377 (“PMT Partners”). It accepted expressly
the reasoning in Pittalis in preference to that in Hammond, while expressly
acknowledging that Pittalis did not involve a choice between litigation and
arbitration.

91 In PMT Partners, cl 45 of the contract between a principal and a contractor
provided as follows:

All disputes or differences arising out of the Contract … shall be decided as
follows:

…

(b) … If the Contractor is dissatisfied with the decision given by the
Principal …, he may … give notice in writing to the Principal requiring that
the matter at issue be referred to arbitration … and thereupon the matter at
issue shall be determined by arbitration. If, however, the Contractor does not
… give such a notice to the Principal …, the decision given by the Principal …
shall not be subject to arbitration.

…

[emphasis added]

92 Like the tenant in Pittalis and the charterer in The Stena Pacifica, the
contractor in PMT Partners found itself out of time to take a step which was
an essential prerequisite for it to be entitled to refer a dispute to
arbitration under cl 45. It therefore applied to the courts of the Northern
Territory for the necessary extension of time under s 48 of the Commercial
Arbitration Act 1985 (NT). PMT Partners therefore involved the same question,
arising on an application of the same type, as in Pittalis and The Stena
Pacifica.

93 To secure an extension of time, the contractor had to establish that cl 45
was an “agreement in writing to refer present or future disputes to
arbitration” within the meaning of s 4 of the Commercial Arbitration Act 1985
(NT). The principal relied on Hammond to make two points in opposition to the
application. The first point was that because cl 45, like cl 23(a) in Hammond
(see [64] above), used the permissive “may” rather than the mandatory “shall”,
cl 45 preserved the contractor’s existing right to sue at law and therefore
was an option to arbitrate rather than an obligation to arbitrate. The second
point was that this optionality took the dispute-resolution agreement outside
the statutory definition of “arbitration agreement”.

94 On the facts of the case, the High Court held unanimously that cl 45 did
not on its proper construction confer on the contractor an option to
arbitrate. Instead, cl 45 made arbitration the contractor’s exclusive mode of
resolving all disputes. Obiter, the High Court also held that, even if cl 45
did confer an asymmetric option to arbitrate, it would nevertheless be an
arbitration agreement. The High Court thereby rejected both the optionality
argument and the mutuality argument.

95 Brennan CJ, Gaudron and McHugh JJ, gave the majority judgment of the High
Court. They observed (at 381) that the intermediate appellate court had
proceeded on the view that the definition of “arbitration agreement” required
“that both parties be bound, then and there, to refer their disputes to
arbitration”. This view, of course, contains within it an acceptance of both
the mutuality argument and the optionality argument. The majority in the High
Court rejected both optionality and mutuality as being unwarranted glosses on
the statutory definition of an “arbitration agreement”. They held that the
natural and ordinary meaning of the definition did not require mutuality and
did not preclude optionality (at 383):

It is of fundamental importance that statutory definitions are construed
according to their natural and ordinary meaning unless some other course is
clearly required. It is also of fundamental importance that limitations and
qualifications are not read into a statutory definition unless clearly
required by its terms or its context, as for example if it is necessary to
give effect to the evident purpose of the Act. The words “agreement ... to
refer present or future disputes to arbitration" in s 4 of the Act are, in
their natural and ordinary meaning, quite wide enough to encompass agreements
by which the parties are bound to have their dispute arbitrated if an election
is made or some event occurs or some condition is satisfied, even if only one
party has the right to elect or is in a position to control the event or
satisfy the condition. … [T]here is nothing in the Act which requires that the
natural and ordinary meaning of the words used in the definition be qualified
in any way. And when it is given its natural and ordinary meaning, the
definition is clearly satisfied by cl 45, even if, as was held by the Court of
Appeal, cl 45 does not preclude the Contractor from pursuing its claim in the
courts.

[emphasis added]

96 Toohey and Gummow JJ delivered a concurring judgment. They too rejected
mutuality and optionality in the following terms (at 393):

…the terms of the definition of “arbitration agreement” in s 4 of the Act
extend to an agreement whereby the parties are obliged if an election is made,
particular event occurs, step is taken or condition is satisfied (whether by
either or both parties) to have their dispute referred to arbitration. This
result is within the ordinary and natural meaning of the terms of the
definition and there is no sufficient reason to cut down that meaning.

[emphasis added]

Manningham City Council (1999)

97 The retreat from Hammond was complete in 1999. That was the year the
Victorian Court of Appeal unanimously overruled Hammond in Manningham City
Council v Dura (Australia) Constructions Pty Ltd [1999] 3 VR 13 (“Manningham
City Council”), adopting instead the reasoning in PMT Partners and Pittalis.

98 Manningham City Council involved a building contract between a proprietor
and a builder. The first phase of the contract’s dispute-resolution procedure
required each party, upon receiving notice of a dispute from the counterparty,
to try and resolve the dispute by negotiation. If the negotiations failed, the
dispute-resolution agreement permitted each party to serve a further notice
referring the dispute either to arbitration or litigation in the following
terms:

13.03 FURTHER NOTICE BEFORE ARBITRATION OR LITIGATION

… [E]ither party may by … notice in writing … to the other party refer such
dispute to arbitration or litigation. The service of such further notice under
this Clause 13.03 shall … be a condition precedent to the commencement of any
arbitration or litigation proceedings in respect of such dispute.

13.04 REFERENCE OF DISPUTES

At the time of giving the notice referred to in Clause 13.03 the party who
wishes the dispute to be referred to arbitration shall provide to the other
party evidence that he has deposited … security for costs of the arbitration
proceedings. Subject to compliance with … Clause 13.03 and … Clause 13.04 such
dispute or difference … shall be and is hereby referred to arbitration ….

[emphasis added]

99 A dispute arose between the proprietor and the builder. The parties duly
attempted to resolve the dispute by negotiation. When the negotiations broke
down, the proprietor issued a notice of dispute under cl 13.03 (see [98]
above) referring their dispute to litigation. An hour later, the builder
issued a notice of dispute under the same clause referring the same dispute to
arbitration. The proprietor then commenced action against the builder seeking
damages for breach of contract. In response, the builder applied to stay the
action under s 53 of the Victorian Commercial Arbitration Act 1984 (Vic). That
section is in pari materia with s 6 of the AA. It gives the court a discretion
to stay an action which has been commenced by a party to an “arbitration
agreement” against another party to that agreement. Section 4 of the Victorian
Act defines an “arbitration agreement” as “an agreement in writing to refer
present or future disputes to arbitration”.

100 The question before the Victorian Court of Appeal, therefore, was whether
the parties’ dispute-resolution agreement was also an arbitration agreement.
The proprietor contended that it was not, relying on Hammond and on the
optionality argument which found favour there. The Victorian Court of Appeal
rejected that argument and upheld the stay which had been granted by the judge
at first instance.

101 Buchanan JA, delivering the leading judgment of the court at the
invitation of Winneke P, held (at [27]) that a dispute-resolution agreement
was an arbitration agreement even if it contemplated the parties becoming
bound to arbitrate their disputes only upon certain conditions being
fulfilled:

The agreement in the present case requires resolution of a dispute by
arbitration once a notice of referral to arbitration has been given under cl.
13.03 and provision has been made for the security required by cl. 13.04.
Thereupon, according to cl. 13.04, the dispute “shall be and is hereby
referred to arbitration”. The agreement in terms contemplates that a dispute
may be resolved by litigation, thereby making express that which was implicit
in the agreement considered by the High Court in [PMT Partners]. However, it
remains an agreement by which the parties are bound to have their disputes
arbitrated if certain conditions are fulfilled. If a notice is properly given
under cl. 13.03 referring the dispute to arbitration and security for costs is
provided, the dispute is referred to arbitration because the parties have
already agreed that the dispute will be resolved by arbitration upon the
occurrence of those events.

102 He held, further, that on its proper construction, the arbitration
agreement did not become spent and cease to be an “arbitration agreement” in
relation to the parties’ dispute simply because the proprietor had served a
notice referring the parties’ dispute to litigation. There was nothing in the
arbitration agreement which foreclosed the builder’s contractual right to
serve a notice referring their dispute to arbitration simply because the
proprietor had exercised its contractual right to serve a notice referring the
same dispute to litigation. The builder having actually served that notice, it
was effective as a matter of contract to bind both parties to arbitrate their
dispute. On the proper construction of the arbitration agreement, that was so
even though the builder’s notice referring the dispute to arbitration had come
after the proprietor’s notice referring the same dispute to litigation.

103 Phillips JA delivered a judgment concurring with Buchanan JA. He noted (at
[8]) that the optionality argument which found favour with Menhennitt J in
Hammond had since been authoritatively rejected. Phillips JA also rejected the
mutuality argument sub silentio. In my view, he did not reject it explicitly
because the mutuality argument had, by this time of his judgment, been so
thoroughly discredited that it no longer required explicit rejection.

104 Phillips JA therefore held that a dispute-resolution agreement may be an
arbitration agreement notwithstanding that the reference of a particular
dispute to arbitration will depend upon the exercise of an option, and even if
that option is asymmetric. At [10], Phillips JA held as follows:

…[I]t has now been authoritatively established that an agreement to refer
present or future disputes to arbitration may be found to reside in the
parties’ contract, notwithstanding that proceeding to arbitration in a given
situation depends according to the contract upon one party or the other
electing to that end – or indeed even if it depends only upon one party but
not the other so electing: P.M.T. Partners …. That is consistent with the
decision of the Court of Appeal in England in [Pittalis] …: see also the
criticism of the contrary view in Russell on Arbitration, 20th ed., (1982),
pp. 38ff. It is of course common enough to find that the arbitration
agreement, once identified, is called into operation only if certain
conditions are fulfilled: for instance, if there is a dispute, if notice
identifying the dispute is given, and so on. To add notice of election as a
further condition is consistent with this pattern; and for present purposes
there seems no significant difference between a right to elect which is
conferred in terms of proceeding to arbitration and a right to elect to
proceed to arbitration or to litigation. Indeed, each would seem to mean much
the same, given that the contract between the parties cannot nowadays be so
expressed as, in effect, to exclude litigation.

[emphasis added]

China Merchants (2001)

105 The next case is China Merchants Heavy Industry Co Ltd v JGC Corp [2001] 3
HKC 580 (“China Merchants”), a 2001 decision of the Hong Kong Court of Appeal.
China Merchants was a dispute between a main contractor and a sub-contractor.
Their dispute-resolution agreement read as follows:

SETTLEMENT OF DISPUTES

If any dispute … shall arise between [the main contractor] and [the sub-
contractor] in connection with … the contract …which cannot be settled by
mutual agreement, [the main contractor] shall state its decision in writing
and give notice of the same to [the sub-contractor].

…

… [I]f, within fifteen (15) calendar days after the date of the above decision
in writing made by [the main contractor], [the sub-contractor] shall by
written notice to [the main contractor] so request specifying such dispute …,
then the matter shall be referred to a single arbitrator….

106 The optionality argument did not arise in China Merchants, because the
dispute-resolution agreement did not on its proper construction give the sub-
contractor a right to choose between arbitration and litigation. Like the
dispute-resolution agreement in PMT Partners, it gave the sub-contractor only
the choice between referring a dispute to arbitration and accepting that it
was bound by the main contractor’s decision in writing on that dispute.

107 The sub-contractor argued that, in the events which had happened in that
case, it was entitled to pursue the litigation against the main contractor
because the parties’ arbitration agreement was inoperative. I discuss this
aspect of the decision in greater detail below (at [167] to [169]) when I
consider the second issue in this case (see [24(b)] above). For present
purposes, it suffices to note that the Hong Kong Court of Appeal relied on
Pittalis to hold that the dispute-resolution agreement was an arbitration
agreement, thereby rejecting the mutuality argument (at 585):

There is, we think, no doubt that a clause in an agreement which gives only
one of the parties the right to refer any dispute or difference to arbitration
is an arbitration agreement within the meaning of art 8(1) [of the Model Law].
That is in effect what the Court of appeal in England held in Pittalis….
Accordingly, [the judge at first instance] had to stay the proceedings unless
the agreement conferring on the plaintiff the right to refer any dispute to
arbitration was ‘null and void, inoperative or incapable of being performed’.

WSG Nimbus (2002)

108 The only Singapore case in which the optionality argument has been
considered is WSG Nimbus Pte Ltd v Board of Control for Cricket in Sri Lanka
[2002] 1 SLR(R) 1088 (“WSG Nimbus”). In that case, the parties’ dispute-
resolution agreement permitted either party to submit a dispute to arbitration
(at [19]):

… In the event that the parties have a dispute … they shall use their best
endeavours to resolve it …. In the event that they fail to do so after 14 days
then either party may elect to submit such matter to arbitration in Singapore
….

109 Lee Seiu Kin JC (as he then was) had to decide whether this dispute-
resolution agreement was an arbitration agreement so as to found the court’s
jurisdiction to grant an injunction in aid of a Singapore-seat arbitration
under s 12(6) of the IAA. He observed (at [21]) that the effect of the
dispute-resolution agreement was that, once either party elected to arbitrate,
the other party was bound to arbitrate. He then proceeded to analyse The
Messiniaki Bergen, Hammond, and Manningham City Council. He concluded that the
optionality argument was incompatible with these authorities and with the
policy of the IAA:

30 In the light of these authorities, it is clear that an agreement in which
the parties have the option to elect for arbitration which, if made, binds the
other parties to submit to arbitration is an arbitration agreement within the
meaning of the [IAA]. This is plainly in accord with the policy behind the
[IAA] which is to promote the resolution of disputes by arbitration where the
parties have agreed to achieve it by this method. I would therefore hold that
[the dispute-resolution agreement] is an arbitration agreement for the purpose
of this application and accordingly this Court has jurisdiction to make orders
under s 12(6) in respect of this arbitration.

[emphasis added]

110 Dyna-Jet attempts to distinguish WSG Nimbus on the basis that it involved
a symmetrical option to arbitrate. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

Plaintiff’s submissions dated 26 February 2016 at paragraph 11.

To make that argument is simply to revive the mutuality argument. I have
demonstrated above that this argument has been thoroughly discredited. Whether
a dispute-resolution agreement confers a symmetric or an asymmetric right of
election to arbitrate is no longer a difference of any conceptual relevance to
whether it is also an arbitration agreement. I refer once again to the
observation of Fox LJ in Pittalis which I have set out at [80] above, and
which I again accept. The only mutuality required to establish that a dispute-
resolution agreement is an arbitration agreement is the mutual consent of the
parties when they entered contractually into the dispute-resolution agreement.

NB Three Shipping (2005)

111 The penultimate case which I consider is NB Three Shipping Ltd v Harebell
Shipping Ltd [2005] 1 Lloyd’s Rep 509 (“NB Three Shipping”). In that case, the
dispute-resolution agreement in a charterparty provided as follows:

The Courts of England shall have jurisdiction to settle any disputes which may
arise out of or in connection with this Charterparty but the owner shall have
the option of bringing any dispute hereunder to arbitration.

112 When a dispute arose, the charterers commenced action against the owners.
Eight days later, the owners claimed to exercise their right to refer the
dispute to arbitration and applied to stay the charterer’s action under s 9 of
the English Arbitration Act 1996. The owners’ case was that the dispute-
resolution agreement was also an arbitration agreement within the meaning of
English Arbitration Act 1996. The charterers submitted that, on the proper
construction of the dispute-resolution agreement, there was no arbitration
agreement because the owner’s option to arbitrate was extinguished once the
charterers commenced action in England, as the dispute-resolution agreement
expressly permitted them to do.

113 Morison J rejected the charterer’s argument. He held (at [11]) that the
dispute-resolution agreement, on its proper construction, was designed to give
better rights to the owners rather than to the charterers. Therefore, the
charterers’ conduct in commencing action, even though not a breach of their
obligations under the agreement, did not operate to extinguish the owners’
option to arbitrate. That option would remain available to the owners unless
they did something to lead the charterers to believe that the option would not
be exercised, whether by taking a step in the charterers’ action or in some
other way. To hold otherwise would allow the charterer to obtain and retain an
advantage from “jumping the starting gun”. Morison J concluded as follows (at
[12]):

12\. …Apart from anything else, one of the fundamental objectives of the 1996
Act is to give the parties’ autonomy over their choice of forum. On my view of
the contract, once owners exercise their option the parties have agreed that
the disputes should be arbitrated. By refusing a stay the court would not be
according to them their autonomy.

114 Once again, Morison J’s manner of expressing his conclusion in this
paragraph should not be read as suggesting that the dispute-resolution
agreement before him was not an arbitration agreement until the owners
exercised their option to arbitrate. To read his dictum in that sense would
fail to distinguish between: (i) a dispute-resolution agreement which is by
its inherent nature also an arbitration agreement in relation to future
disputes; and (ii) an arbitration agreement in respect of a specific, existing
dispute. The two are not mutually or necessarily inconsistent because the
latter does not necessarily exclude the former.

Law Debenture (2005)

115 The final decision which I consider is the decision of Mann J in Law
Debenture Trust Corporation Plc v Elektrim Finance BV and others [2005] EWHC
1412 (Ch) (“Law Debenture”).

116 In Law Debenture, four disputes arose between a trustee (representing the
holders of bonds), the issuer, and the guarantor of those bonds. The guarantor
referred three of those disputes to arbitration. The trustee deliberately
declined to participate in that reference. Instead, it opted to commence
action against the issuer and guarantor in respect of all four disputes. The
trustee then applied to the English court for a declaration that it had no
arbitration agreement with the guarantor and for an injunction to restrain the
guarantor from pursuing its reference to arbitration. The trustee applied for
that relief under s 72 of the English Arbitration Act 1996. That section gives
a person who is alleged to be a party to an arbitration the express right to
seek a declaration that it has no valid arbitration agreement in relation to
that arbitration and to seek consequential injunctive relief. The issuer and
guarantor cross-applied to stay the litigation under s 9 of the English
Arbitration Act 1996.

117 The dispute-resolution agreement in Law Debenture read as follows:

29.2 Any dispute arising out of or in connection with these presents…may be
submitted by any party to arbitration….

…

29.7 Notwithstanding Clause 29.2, for the exclusive benefit of the Trustee and
each of the Bondholders, [the issuer and guarantor] hereby agree that the
Trustee and each of the Bondholders shall have exclusive right, at their
option, to apply to the courts of England, who shall have non-exclusive
jurisdiction to settle any dispute which may arise out of or in connection
with these presents….

118 Mann J held (at [16] and [36]) that, on an application under s 72 of the
English Arbitration Act 1996, it was for the court to determine finally and on
the merits the question of whether there was an arbitration agreement between
the parties, rather than to leave that question to the arbitral tribunal to
determine. Mann J also felt that the outcome of the s 72 application dictated
the outcome of the trustee’s application for an injunction to halt the
arbitration and of the guarantor’s and issuer’s application to stay the
action. If he determined the question under s 72 in favour of the trustee, it
was self-evident that the trustee’s action should continue and the guarantor’s
arbitration be halted. On the other hand, if he determined the question under
s72 against the trustee, it was equally self-evident that the guarantor’s
arbitration should continue and the trustee’s action be halted (at [32]). He
did not, therefore, analyse separately either the trustee’s injunction
application or the issuer’s and guarantor’s stay application.

119 Having considered the parties’ submissions on the trustee’s s 72
application, Mann J concluded that the trustee and the guarantor had no
arbitration agreement in respect of the three disputes which the guarantor had
referred to arbitration. He held that the parties’ dispute-resolution
agreement created a dual dispute-resolution regime (at [40]) under which all
the parties had the right to refer disputes to arbitration but only the
trustee and the bondholders had the right to litigation as an alternative. He
concluded (at [47]) that the trustee had a contractual right to commence and
maintain the litigation, and no case was advanced that it had waived that
right. Thus he halted the guarantor’s arbitration and allowed the trustee’s
action to continue.

120 At first glance, Law Debenture appears to be an authority in Dyna-Jet’s
favour. Mann J’s decision not to stay the trustee’s action resulted from his
conclusion that there was no arbitration agreement between the trustee and the
guarantor. Mann J did not find – and indeed the trustee did not allege (see
[10]) – that there was an arbitration agreement between the parties but that
it was somehow null and void, inoperative or incapable of being performed.

121 On closer examination, however, Law Debenture supports my rejection of
Dyna-Jet’s submissions. Mann J did not determine in Law Debenture that the
dispute-resolution agreement before him (see [117] above) was not an
arbitration agreement. What he determined was that the guarantor’s reference
of three specific disputes to arbitration pursuant to the dispute-resolution
agreement did not give rise to an arbitration agreement in respect of those
three disputes. It is important to note that in arriving at that
determination, Mann J accepted the trustee’s submission that the dispute-
resolution agreement did not amount to an arbitration agreement “in the events
which have happened” (at [11]), ie, in light of the guarantor’s reference of
three specific disputes to arbitration. Also for that reason, Mann J
characterised the question before him as “whether there is an arbitration
agreement which, as events now stand, agrees to submit the current dispute to
arbitration” (emphasis added, at [20]).

122 Mann J’s focus in Law Debenture therefore narrowed from a consideration of
the inherent nature of the dispute-resolution agreement in a general sense to
a consideration of the nature of the particular reference to arbitration of
the three specific disputes in question. That narrowing occurred for two
reasons.

123 First, the application came before Mann J after the guarantor had actually
referred three specific disputes to arbitration. So Mann J was not required to
determine whether the dispute-resolution agreement was, by its inherent
nature, an arbitration agreement, ie, in relation to hypothetical future
disputes. He was not even considering – as I have to consider on the facts
before me – whether the dispute-resolution agreement was an arbitration
agreement in relation to a specific dispute which had actually arisen, but
which had not actually been referred to arbitration. In the circumstances
before him, therefore, it is entirely natural that Mann J should focus on
whether the dispute-resolution agreement had given rise to an arbitration
agreement in respect of the three specific disputes which the guarantor had
actually referred to arbitration.

124 Second, s 72 of the English Arbitration Act 1996 by its very nature
focuses the court’s attention on whether there is an arbitration agreement in
respect of an actual dispute which has been referred to an arbitral tribunal.
That section has no equivalent in the IAA or the AA and is a uniquely English
provision. An applicant for declaratory or injunctive relief under that
section can invoke it only after it has been named as an alleged party in a
reference to arbitration. There is therefore no need to consider on a s 72
application whether a dispute-resolution agreement is, by is inherent nature,
an arbitration agreement.

125 If Mann J in Law Debenture had been required to consider the inherent
nature of the dispute-resolution agreement before him, there is an indication
in his judgment that he would have held that it was an arbitration agreement.
That is because, in arriving at his finding that there was no arbitration
agreement in relation to the three disputes actually referred to arbitration,
he expressed obiter a preference for the view (at [18]) that the guarantor’s
reference to arbitration when made had at that time given rise to a valid
arbitration which ceased to be valid as soon as the trustee exercised its
contractual option to litigate the disputes. A valid arbitration could have
arisen upon the guarantors’ reference only if the dispute-resolution agreement
was, by it inherent nature, an arbitration agreement.

Conclusion on the first issue

126 In analysing this body of authority, I have drawn no distinction between:

(a) An arbitration agreement which makes arbitration optional, but where
litigation is not an available alternative either because there is no dispute
to litigate (Pittalis) or because the arbitration agreement on its proper
construction manifests the parties’ intention that arbitration should be the
exclusive dispute-resolution procedure (PMT Partners, China Merchants);

(b) An arbitration agreement which makes arbitration optional without
expressly stipulating that litigation is an alternative (Hammond, WSG Nimbus);

(c) An arbitration agreement which makes arbitration and litigation equal
alternatives (Manningham City Council);

(d) An arbitration agreement which makes litigation mandatory subject to an
express right to opt for arbitration (The Messiniaki Bergen, The Stena
Pacifica, and NB Three Shipping); and

(e) An arbitration agreement which makes arbitration mandatory subject to an
express right to opt for litigation (Law Debenture).

127 The cases I have analysed show that these differences of expression make
no difference of principle. All these dispute-resolution agreements manifest a
mutual intent to have resort to arbitration, in the sense that both parties
envisage that they could, in certain circumstances operating in the future,
come under an obligation to arbitrate a dispute. That suffices to characterise
a dispute-resolution agreement as an arbitration agreement. That is so whether
that manifest mutual intent is expressed to be unconditional or to be subject
to one or more contingencies. That is also so whether that manifest intent to
arbitrate is expressed positively as the dispute-resolution rule or negatively
as the dispute-resolution exception.

128 Quite apart from authority, this must be the correct position. This
approach advances party autonomy and freedom of contract. It is entirely
consistent with the current trend towards assimilating the rules applicable to
arbitration agreements to the rules applicable to all other provisions in a
commercial contract (see Insigma Technology Co Ltd v Alstom Technology Ltd
[2009] 3 SLR(R) 936 at [30] and Downing at [25]).

129 In addition, the five propositions which I have extracted from this body
of authority (see [61] above) are completely consistent with s 2A of the IAA.
Section 2A does not require an arbitration agreement to refer all future
disputes to arbitration or to do so unconditionally. Quite the contrary: s 2A
expressly accommodates within its definition an arbitration agreement which
deals only with “certain disputes”. That captures within the statutory
definition agreements – such as the present one – in which the “certain
disputes” which are to be referred to arbitration in the future are only those
disputes which a party having a right of election chooses to refer to
arbitration.

130 The foregoing analysis shows that the dispute-resolution agreement in the
case before me is indeed an arbitration agreement within the meaning of s 2A
and s 6 of the IAA. That is the case even though it makes arbitration subject
to a contingency, ie, Dyna-Jet’s exercise of a right of election. That is also
the case despite the fact that it confers that right of election only upon
Dyna-Jet.

131 As a result, s 6(1) obliges me to stay this action unless Dyna-Jet is able
to make out an unarguable case (see [26] above) that the arbitration agreement
is “null and void”, is “inoperative” or is “incapable of being performed”
within the meaning of the proviso to s 6(2) of the IAA.

132 It is to the proviso that I now turn.

The proviso to s 6(2) of the IAA

133 It is first important to tease out with more precision the consequences of
my holding that the parties’ arbitration agreement gives Dyna-Jet a right to
elect whether to arbitrate its current dispute with Wilson Taylor rather than
an obligation to do so. I return to the operative words of the parties’
arbitration agreement:

Any claim or dispute … shall be settled amicably between the parties by mutual
consultation. If no amicable settlement is reached through discussions, at the
election of Dyna-Jet, the dispute may be referred to and personally settled by
means of arbitration proceedings …

I make three points about these operative words.

134 First, as I have held (see [52] above), these words give Dyna-Jet a right
to elect arbitration as the method of resolving a specific dispute. Although
these words makes no express reference to litigation, there is nothing to
suggest that Dyna-Jet’s choice was between resolving the dispute through
arbitration and not resolving the dispute at all (cf PMT Partners at [94]
above and China Merchants at [106] above), whether in the arbitration
agreement, in the contract as a whole or in the wider contractual context. So,
although this arbitration agreement makes no express reference to litigation,
its effect is to confer on Dyna-Jet an unfettered right to elect arbitration
and also to decline to elect arbitration with respect to any specific dispute,
thereby leaving it contractually free to resolve that dispute through
litigation. And, in keeping with the unilateral character of a right of
election, Wilson Taylor has no contractual right to reject or avoid the
consequences of Dyna-Jet’s election to resolve a dispute through arbitration
or its election not to do so.

135 The second point is that Dyna-Jet’s right to elect arbitration, though
unfettered, may be exercised once, and only once in respect of a specific
dispute. The parties’ arbitration agreement does not permit Dyna-Jet, for
example, to elect against arbitration by commencing litigation in respect of a
specific dispute and, after exchanging pleadings, later to elect to arbitrate
the same dispute; and yet later, being dissatisfied with the progress of the
arbitration, to reverse its election and once again litigate the same dispute,
(see Law Debenture at [42]). It was no doubt possible for Dyna-Jet, by
suitable drafting, to create contractually just such a reversible right of
election and re-election for itself, to permit it to drag Wilson Taylor in
this way back and forth between arbitration and litigation. But such a right
would be so unusual and so uncommercial that it would require very clear
contractual words indeed to create it. The words of the parties’ arbitration
agreement are nowhere near clear enough. And in any event, Dyna-Jet does not
suggest that it had any such reversible right of election.

136 Therefore, the contractual effect of the parties’ arbitration agreement
properly construed is that once Dyna-Jet exercises its right to elect
arbitration in respect of any particular dispute, that right is spent and
cannot be exercised again. So too, if Dyna-Jet declines to elect arbitration
and takes a step manifestly inconsistent with an election to arbitrate – for
example, by commencing action over a dispute – its right to elect to arbitrate
that dispute will be extinguished and cannot thereafter be exercised.

137 The third point, which follows from the second point, is that once Dyna-
Jet exercises its right of election in respect of a specific dispute or loses
that right in the manner I have set out at [136] above, Dyna-Jet is just as
much bound by the result as Wilson Taylor is. Thus, if Dyna-Jet elects to
arbitrate a specific dispute, it is thereafter bound to arbitrate that dispute
even if it later decides that it would prefer to elect litigation. So too, if
Dyna-Jet elects not to arbitrate a particular dispute and commences litigation
instead, it is bound to litigate that dispute and cannot later claim to elect
to arbitrate that dispute, no matter how much it may regret its choice of
litigation. That is so even though the parties bargained in their contract
that Dyna-Jet should have the “better rights” under the parties’ arbitration
agreement (to echo the words of Morison J in NB Three Shipping (see [113]
above).

138 The result of this analysis is that the parties are in litigation pursuant
to, and not despite, the contractual operation of their arbitration agreement.
Dyna-Jet’s election not to arbitrate coupled with its act in commencing this
action is not a breach of the parties’ arbitration agreement. On the contrary,
it is entirely consistent with their arbitration agreement. That exclusion is
permanent and binds both parties. Dyna-Jet cannot now change its mind. And the
parties’ arbitration agreement gives Wilson Taylor no contractual right of
access to arbitration independent of Dyna-Jet’s election. That outcome is
within the spectrum of outcomes which the parties bargained for.

139 With those important points in mind, I now turn to consider the meaning of
the proviso to s 6(2).

Overview of the proviso

140 The proviso to s 6(2) permits Dyna-Jet to avoid a stay of this action only
if it can show that the parties’ arbitration agreement is “null and void,
inoperative or incapable of being performed”. This proviso is adopted from Art
8(1) of the Model Law:

Article 8. Arbitration agreement and substantive claim before court

(1) A court before which an action is brought in a matter which is the subject
of an arbitration agreement shall … refer the parties to arbitration unless it
finds that the agreement is null and void, inoperative or incapable of being
performed.

…

141 Article 8(1) of the Model Law adopts this proviso, in turn, from the
obligation which Art II(3) of the New York Convention imposes on the courts of
each contracting state to refer litigants to arbitration when they are parties
to an arbitration agreement:

3\. The court of a Contracting State, when seized of an action in a matter in
respect of which the parties have made an agreement within the meaning of this
article, shall, at the request of one of the parties, refer the parties to
arbitration, unless it finds that the said agreement is null and void,
inoperative or incapable of being performed.

142 The result of the widespread ratification of the New York Convention and
adoption of the Model Law is that this proviso is a part of the arbitration
legislation of a large number of countries. Despite that, there has been
surprisingly little judicial consensus on its meaning, whether taken as a
whole or deconstructed into its three component terms.

143 A convenient starting point in approaching the proviso as a whole is found
in the chapter by Prof Albert Jan van den Berg, a widely-respected commentator
on the New York Convention, entitled “The New York Convention of 1958: an
Overview” in Enforcement of Arbitration Agreements and International Arbitral
Awards: the New York Convention in Practice (E Gaillard and D Di Pietro eds)
(Cameron May, 2008). In the Professor’s opinion: (i) “null and void” covers
arbitration agreements which suffer from invalidity from the outset; (ii)
“inoperative” covers arbitration agreements which have ceased to have effect;
and (iii) “incapable of being performed” covers arbitration agreements under
which the arbitration cannot be set in motion. These three points emerge from
the Professor’s following succinct exposition on the meaning of these terms:

“Null and void, inoperative, or incapable of being performed”

According to the terminal words of Article II(3), a court can refuse to refer
the parties to arbitration if it finds that the arbitration agreement is “null
and void, inoperative or incapable of being performed”. Neither the text of
the Convention nor its legislative history gives much guidance as to how these
words should be interpreted.

Several courts have held that, having regard to the “pro-enforcement-bias” of
the Convention, the words should be construed narrowly and the invalidity of
the arbitration agreement should be accepted in manifest cases only.

The words “null and void” may be interpreted as referring to those cases where
the arbitration agreement is affected by some invalidity right from the
beginning, such as lack of consent due to misrepresentation, duress, fraud or
undue influence.

The word “inoperative” can be said to cover those cases where the arbitration
agreement has ceased to have effect, such as revocation by the parties.

The words “incapable of being performed” would seem to apply to those cases
where the arbitration cannot be effectively set into motion. This may happen
where the arbitration clause is too vaguely worded, or other terms of the
contract contradict the parties’ intention to arbitrate, as in the case of the
so-called co-equal forum selection clauses. Even in these cases, the courts
interpret the contract provisions in favour of arbitration.

144 I accept the professor’s point that these terms should be construed
narrowly. I accept also that it would be contrary to the New York Convention,
to the IAA and the Model Law, and to our well-established approach to
arbitration to accept that any of these terms apply otherwise than in manifest
cases. That is the reason for the very high burden which I have placed on
Dyna-Jet (see [26] above) to show that there is no arguable case against its
position on this issue.

145 The roots of the circumstances which will trigger the proviso lie quite
clearly in contract, as that is the legal vehicle which supplies the necessary
consent for arbitration. Thus, Francis Xavier SC and Tng Sheng Rong in their
chapter entitled “Role of the Court” in Arbitration in Singapore: A Practical
Guide (S Menon CJ Editor-in-Chief, D Brock gen ed) (Sweet & Maxwell, 2014) say
the following (at §2.027, page 45), relying on the decision of the Court of
Appeal of Alberta in Kaverit Steel and Crane Ltd v Kone Corp (1992) 87 DLR
(4th) 129:

The phrase “null and void, inoperative or incapable of being performed” has
been described in other jurisdictions as “an echo of the law about void
contracts (null and void), unenforceable contracts (inoperative), and
frustrated contracts (incapable of being enforced)”. Though the Singapore
courts have not yet directly ruled on the scope of the phrase, the general
willingness of courts in Model Law jurisdictions to order a stay of court
proceedings in favour of arbitration lends considerable weight to a narrow
reading of the phrase …

146 The only Singapore case in which the outcome has turned on the meaning of
the proviso is the decision of the assistant registrar Nathanael Khng in
Sembawang Engineers and Constructors Pte Ltd v Covec (Singapore) Pte Ltd
[2008] SGHC 229 (“Sembawang”). In that case, the dispute-resolution agreement
in a contract between a main contractor and a sub-contractor provided for the
parties to resolve their disputes by arbitration, subject to the main
contractor having the asymmetric right to resolve disputes by litigation. The
main contractor commenced litigation against the sub-contractor claiming
liquidated damages. The sub-contractor in response brought a counterclaim in
in the main contractor’s litigation seeking damages for breach of contract.
The main contractor applied to stay the counterclaim, relying on the parties’
dispute-resolution agreement as an arbitration agreement.

147 The assistant registrar held that: (i) the parties’ dispute-resolution
agreement was an arbitration agreement, following WSG Nimbus (at [12]); (ii)
the main contractor’s stay application was governed by the IAA and not the AA
(at [34]); (iii) the parties’ arbitration agreement gave the main contractor
alone an option to commence litigation to resolve a dispute (at [48]); (iv)
while the parties’ arbitration agreement entitled the sub-contractor by
implication to raise disputes arising under the parties’ contract by way of
defence to the main contractor’s claim in the action, including by way of set-
off, the parties’ arbitration agreement did not confer on the sub-contractor
the right to resolve disputes with the main contractor by way of counterclaim
in litigation rather than by way of arbitration (at [50] to [52]); (v) the
plaintiff had not lost the right to insist that the sub-contractor resolve the
disputes comprised in its counterclaim by arbitration simply by exercising its
contractual right to commence litigation for liquidated damages (at [53]);
(vi) as a result of the preceding proposition, the parties’ arbitration
agreement was not null and void, not inoperative and was not incapable of
being performed within the meaning of the proviso to s 6(2) of the IAA with
respect to the disputes comprised in the sub-contractor’s counterclaim (at
[58]). The sub-contractor’s counterclaim was therefore stayed under s 6 of the
IAA, and thereby diverted to arbitration, with the main contractor at liberty
to continue its action for liquidated damages.

148 Sembawang therefore stands for the proposition that, where an arbitration
agreement confers on one party an option to litigate disputes, and where that
party exercises that option by commencing litigation with respect to a
specific dispute against its contractual counterparty, that exercise will not
in itself preclude that party from insisting that the counterparty refer to
arbitration disputes which are unrelated to the litigation, ie, disputes which
go beyond merely advancing the counterparty’s defence to the litigation, and
the arbitration agreement will not therefore be within the proviso to s 6(2)
of the IAA with respect to those unrelated disputes. I accept that proposition
as correct.

149 Sembawang endorsed, albeit in dicta (see [49]), the converse proposition:
that where an arbitration agreement confers on one party an option to litigate
disputes, and where that party exercises that option by commencing litigation
with respect to a specific dispute against its contractual counterparty, that
exercise will in itself preclude that party from thereafter referring the same
dispute to arbitration.

150 The proposition which Dyna-Jet must satisfy me on in order to succeed on
the second issue is the mirror image of this last proposition: that where an
arbitration agreement confers on one party an asymmetric option to arbitrate
disputes, and where that party declines to exercise that option with respect
to a specific dispute and acts upon that decision by commencing litigation on
that dispute against its contractual counterparty, that decision will in
itself preclude that party from thereafter referring the same dispute to
arbitration, and because the other party has no independent right to refer
that dispute to arbitration (the option to arbitrate being asymmetric), the
arbitration agreement will be within the proviso to s 6(2) of the IAA with
respect to that dispute.

151 I accept that proposition as being correct beyond argument and will now
demonstrate why. That demonstration will require examining individually the
three components of the proviso. As I have foreshadowed (see [3] above), I
have found that the parties’ arbitration agreement is “incapable of being
performed”. I shall therefore consider these terms in the reverse sequence in
which they appear in the proviso, starting with “incapable of being
performed”.

Incapable of being performed

152 An arbitration agreement is incapable of being performed when there is an
obstacle which cannot be overcome which prevents the arbitration from being
set in motion. Lord Mustill and Stewart Boyd QC, in Commercial Arbitration
(Butterworths, 2nd Ed, 1989) (“Mustill and Boyd”) at 465 (cited in Sembawang
at [41]) take the view that “incapable of being performed”:

…connotes something more than mere difficulty or inconvenience or delay in
performing the arbitration. There must be “some obstacle which cannot be
overcome even if the parties are ready, able and willing to perform the
agreement: for example, where the mechanism for constituting the tribunal
breaks down in a way which the Court has no ability to repair, or where a sole
arbitrator named in the agreement cannot or will not act.

153 Prof Gary Born in his seminal text International Commercial Arbitration
Vol 1 (Wolters Kluwer, 2nd Ed, 2014) (“International Commercial Arbitration”)
opines (at p 844) that it is “relatively clear” that arbitration agreements
that are “incapable of being performed”:

…include cases where the parties have agreed upon a procedure that is
physically or legally impossible to follow (for example, because a named
arbitrator has died, and it is clear that no replacement was permitted by the
parties). It also arguably includes cases of arbitration provisions that are
unenforceable because they are vague, indefinite or internally contradictory
(although strictly speaking, these cases are better regarded as instances
where no agreement exists or an agreement is “null and void”.

154 The list of circumstances in which an arbitration agreement will be
incapable of being performed is not closed. Margaret L Moses in The Principles
and Practice of International Commercial Arbitration (Cambridge University
Press, 2nd Ed, 2012) at page 34 (first edition of 2008 cited in Sembawang at
[42]) provides the following examples of these circumstances which could, in
any given case, prevent an arbitration from taking place:

… An arbitration agreement could be incapable of being performed if, for
example, there was contradictory language in the main contract indicating the
parties intended to litigate. Moreover, if the parties had chosen a specific
arbitrator in the agreement, who was, at the time of the dispute, deceased or
unavailable, the arbitration agreement could not be effectuated unless, of
course, the parties could agree on a new arbitrator. … In addition, if the
place of arbitration was no longer available because of political upheaval,
this could render that arbitration agreement incapable of being performed. If
the arbitration agreement was itself too vague, confusing, or contradictory,
it could prevent the arbitration from taking place.

155 In his chapter titled “The ‘Incapable of Being Performed’ Exception in
article II(3) of the New York Convention” in Enforcement of Arbitration
Agreements and International Arbitral Awards: the New York Convention in
Practice (E Gaillard and D Di Pietro eds) (Cameron May, 2008), Prof Stefan
Kröll expresses the view (at 326) that: “the test for the non-obstructing
party must be whether the arbitration proceedings can be effectively set into
motion even without the cooperation of the other party. In light of this test,
the ‘incapable of being performed’ defence should also not be equated with the
English doctrine of frustration, as was done in some decisions.”

156 A useful survey of the way in which international courts have interpreted
the proviso is found in the UNCITRAL Guide on the New York Convention (the
“UNCITRAL Guide”), prepared by the UNCITRAL Secretariat in conjunction with
Profs Emmanuel Gaillard and George Bermann and was most recently updated on 18
July 2016. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

Available at http://newyorkconvention1958.org.

The UNCITRAL Guide adopts (at [112]) Prof Kröll’s definition of “incapable of
being performed” and indicates that the term “is generally understood as
relating to situations where the arbitration cannot effectively be set in
motion”. But, departing from Prof Kröll’s definition, the UNCITRAL Guide
appears to accept the analogy with frustration drawn by the court in Ramasamy
Athappan and Nandakumar Athappan v Secretariat of Court, International Chamber
of Commerce (A.No. 2670/2008, A.No.1236/2008, O.A.No.277/2008 and
A.No.2671/2008 in C.S.No.257/2008) (“Ramasamy Athappan”) (at [22]):

The phrase incapable of being performed signifies, in effect, frustration and
the consequent discharge. If, after the making of the contract, the promise
becomes incapable of being fulfilled or performed, due to unforeseen
contingencies, the contract is frustrated.

157 The phrase “incapable of being performed” undoubtedly comprises the
doctrine of frustration within it. On its natural and ordinary meaning, the
phrase does comprise an arbitration agreement that cannot be fulfilled or
performed by reason of supervening contingencies which the parties did not
foresee or bargain for. However, I have difficulty in accepting that that
phrase is synonymous with the doctrine of frustration. Frustration is a common
law doctrine. But the phrase, originating as it does from an international
convention, must be capable of being applied beyond just the common law. In my
view, the phrase is also capable of comprising an arbitration agreement that
cannot be fulfilled or performed, even if that is by reason of contingencies
which the parties did foresee and cater for in their arbitration agreement.
The core concept that this phrase seeks to capture is that, when a specific
dispute arises between the parties, a contingency prevents the arbitration
from being set in motion, whether that contingency is foreseen and bargained
for or unforeseen and not bargained for.

158 It therefore appears to me that characterising the parties’ arbitration
agreement as one that is “incapable of being performed” is the most
appropriate characterisation of the situation in which the parties now find
themselves. It is true that none of the commentaries I have summarised in this
section consider the meaning of the phrase “incapable of being performed” in
relation to bargained-for contingencies. But that is because all of these
commentaries have considered the meaning of this phase only in the context of
an arbitration agreement in the typical form: a present and unconditional
obligation to arbitrate all future disputes.

159 Dyna-Jet’s and Wilson Taylor’s arbitration agreement is not in the typical
form because it is not unconditional. It is expressly made subject to a
condition: Dyna-Jet must elect to arbitrate. That contingency has not been
satisfied: Dyna-Jet did not elect to arbitrate. That contingency will never be
satisfied: Dyna-Jet has put it out of its power ever to revisit the issue and
to elect to arbitrate this dispute.

160 In those circumstances, it seems to me entirely accurate to say that the
parties’ arbitration agreement is incapable of being performed. It is
incapable of being performed because it is subject to a contingency which can
never now be fulfilled. To paraphrase Professor Kröll (see [156] above), an
arbitration of the specific dispute between the parties which forms the
subject-matter of this action is one which Wilson Taylor cannot set into
motion without the cooperation of Dyna-Jet. And, although it is true that
Dyna-Jet is withholding its cooperation, it is also true that it has the
contractual right to do so.

161 That conclusion does not, of course, mean that the parties’ arbitration
agreement is entirely incapable of being performed. If a dispute which is
distinct from that which forms the subject-matter of this action arises, and
if Dyna-Jet elects to arbitrate that dispute, both parties will then find
themselves bound to arbitrate that dispute. In relation to that hypothetical
and distinct dispute, the parties’ arbitration agreement will be entirely
capable of being performed simply because the intrinsic contingency in their
arbitration agreement has been satisfied.

Inoperative

162 An arbitration agreement is inoperative, at the very least, when it ceases
to have contractual effect under the general law of contract. That can occur
as a result of a number of doctrines of the law of contract such as discharge
by breach, by agreement or by reason of waiver, estoppel, election or
abandonment.

163 David St John Sutton, Judith Gill, and Matthew Gearing, Russell on
Arbitration (Sweet & Maxwell, 23rd Ed, 2007) (cited in Sembawang at [39])
accept at §7-046 on page 370 that an arbitration agreement will be inoperative
“where [it] has been repudiated or abandoned or contains such an inherent
contradiction that it cannot be given effect”. Mustill and Boyd at page 464
notes that the term “inoperative” has “no accepted meaning in English law”,
but proposes that it “would seem apt to describe an agreement which, although
not void ab initio, has for some reason ceased to have effect for the future”.
They include in this category situations where an arbitration agreement ceases
to have effect by virtue of a declaration to that effect by a court of
competent jurisdiction or by virtue of common law doctrines such as
termination by acceptance of repudiatory breach or frustration, or by
agreement of the parties.

164 Prof Born in International Commercial Arbitration (at §5.06(d) on pages
842 to 843) defines an “inoperative” arbitration agreement as one which has
ceased to have effect:

It … appears reasonably clear that Article II(3) [of the New York Convention],
which permits non-enforcement of “inoperative” agreements, refers to
agreements that were at one time valid, but which thereafter ceased to have
effect (or ceased to be “operative”) In one commentator’s words, “the word
‘inoperative’ refers to an arbitration agreement which has ceased to have
effect.” That would include cases of waiver, revocation, repudiation, or
termination of the arbitration agreement, or failure to comply with
jurisdictional time limits prescribed by the arbitration agreement.

Thus, an arbitration agreement would be “inoperative” where the parties
actively pursued litigation, rather than arbitration, resulting in a waiver of
the right to arbitrate under applicable law. An arbitration agreement would
also be “inoperative” if the parties mutually agree to litigate their dispute
(or submit it to a different form of dispute resolution), or where a party
repudiated the agreement.

165 Similarly, David Joseph QC in Jurisdiction and Arbitration Agreements and
their Enforcement (Sweet & Maxwell, 2010) (“Jurisdiction and Arbitration
Agreements”) observes (at §11.49 on page 353) that an arbitration agreement
will be inoperative when it is discharged and comes to an end:

An arbitration agreement therefore can come to an end by repudiation,
frustration, waiver or election but it is necessary to distinguish between
repudiation of the substantive contract and repudiation of the arbitration
agreement.

166 The following are examples of circumstances in which an arbitration
agreement would be inoperative:

(a) Where a party has waived a contractual right to arbitrate or finds itself
estopped from relying on that right: Tjong at [53]; Comandate Marine Corp v
Pan Australia Shipping Pty Ltd (2006) 238 ALR 457 at [65]; Ramasamy Athappan
cited in the UNCITRAL Guide at [106], [109], and [112].

(b) Where a party has abandoned its right to seek a stay under a particular
jurisdiction’s equivalent of s 6 of the IAA: Eisenwerk Hensel Bayreuth Dipl-
ing Burkhardt GmbH v Australian Granites Ltd [2001] 1 Qd R 461 at [15]; ACD
Tridon Inc v Tridon Australia Pty Ltd [2002] NSWSC 896 at [53]; La Donna Pty
Ltd v Wolford AG [2005] VSC 359 at [21] to [22]; and

(c) Where a party has committed a repudiatory breach of the arbitration
agreement and that repudiation has been accepted by the innocent counterparty:
Downing at [34] to [35].

167 An example of circumstances which do not render an arbitration agreement
inoperative can be found in the decision of the Hong Kong Court of Appeal in
China Merchants. I have already referred to an aspect of this case on the
first issue (see [105] to [106] above). In China Merchants, a dispute arose
between the main contractor and the sub-contractor. In accordance with the
parties’ dispute-resolution agreement (see [105] above), the main contractor
stated its decision in writing and gave notice of it to the sub-contractor.
The sub-contractor failed to issue a notice to the defendant requesting that
the dispute be referred to arbitration within the stipulated 15-day period.
Instead, outside that 15-day period, the sub-contractor commenced action
against the main contractor. The main contractor applied to stay the action
under Art 8(1) of the Model Law read with s 6 of the Hong Kong Arbitration
Ordinance (Cap 341), which in pari materia with s 6 of the IAA.

168 The sub-contractor resisted the stay, arguing that the arbitration
agreement was inoperative because: (i) it had no contractual obligation to
refer the dispute underlying the litigation to arbitration; (ii) it had not
referred that dispute to arbitration; and (ii) it could no longer refer the
dispute to arbitration because the 15-day period for it to do so had elapsed.
Since no arbitration of the specific dispute comprised in the litigation could
now take place, it argued, the arbitration agreement was inoperative in
respect of that dispute and the litigation ought not to be stayed.

169 Keith JA, giving the decision of the Hong Kong Court of Appeal, found (at
585) that it was “stretching the language of art 8(1) unduly to call an
agreement conferring a right on a party to refer a dispute to arbitration
‘inoperative’ merely because the party chooses not to exercise that right”. He
rejected the sub-contractor’s submission that an arbitration agreement was
inoperative because a failure to refer a specific dispute to arbitration had
the result that no arbitration could take place with respect to that dispute.
He held also that a particular case cited by the sub-contractor, which spoke
of an arbitration agreement coming into effect when a specific dispute was
actually referred to arbitration, did not support the sub-contractor’s
submission that the parties’ arbitration agreement was inoperative before such
a reference. Keith JA therefore upheld the first instance judge’s decision to
stay the sub-contractor’s litigation.

170 Wilson Taylor relies on China Merchants to submit that its arbitration
agreement with Dyna-Jet is not inoperative. I accept that submission. I agree
also with Keith JA that the word “inoperative” was not apt to cover the
situation before him in China Merchants. And I consider that situation to be
analogous to the situation before me. I do not consider the fact that the sub-
contractor in China Merchants had no choice between arbitration and litigation
(see [106] above) to be a material point of distinction. What makes the word
inoperative inapt to cover this situation is that it contemplates, based on
the analysis at [163] to [166] above, the parties’ contractual obligation to
arbitrate their disputes ceasing to have effect or being discharged by events
or circumstances arising outside the contract.

171 That is not at all what happened in China Merchants or has happened in the
case before me. The parties’ arbitration agreement has not at all ceased to
have effect and has not at all been discharged. It has operated precisely as
the parties’ agreement contemplated that it would. The dispute underlying this
action has not been referred to arbitration and is the subject-matter of this
action because of the operation of the parties’ arbitration agreement and not
because that agreement is inoperative.

172 The assistant registrar in this case accepted that the parties’
arbitration agreement is inoperative. She held it is inoperative because the
only party who has the right to elect to arbitrate (ie, Dyna-Jet) has waived
its right to arbitrate and elected instead to litigate. In my view, while it
is accurate to say that Dyna-Jet has waived its right to elect to arbitrate,
it is not accurate to say that Dyna-Jet has waived its right to arbitrate. To
make this point, I draw a distinction between a right to arbitrate and a right
to elect to arbitrate. A right to elect to arbitrate is always an unqualified
benefit. It gives a party a choice which it would not otherwise have. It is
therefore a benefit regardless of one’s perspective on arbitration itself. But
a “right” to arbitrate is always capable of being seen both as a benefit and
as a burden. It all depends on one’s perspective. It is a benefit for the
party who wishes to arbitrate. It is a burden for the party who does not wish
to arbitrate. Wilson Taylor sees arbitration as a benefit. That is why it has
applied for a stay. But Dyna-Jet sees arbitration as a burden. That is why it
has commenced this action and resists Wilson Taylor’s application for a stay.

173 In those circumstances, it appears to me to be inaccurate to say that
Dyna-Jet has waived a right to arbitration. What Dyna-Jet has done is to
decline to exercise its right to elect what it considers to be a burden. It is
accurate to say that Dyna-Jet has waived the right to elect arbitration
because a right of election is always a benefit. But it is inaccurate to say
that Dyna-Jet has waived its right to arbitrate because, to Dyna-Jet,
arbitration is not a benefit or a right.

174 For these reasons, I prefer not to rest my decision to permit this action
to continue on the parties’ arbitration agreement being inoperative. I
therefore hold that the arbitration agreement between Wilson Taylor and Dyna-
Jet is not inoperative with respect to the dispute comprised in this
litigation.

Null and void

175 Dyna-Jet submits only that the parties’ arbitration agreement is either
“inoperative” or “incapable of being performed”. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

Plaintiff’s submissions dated 26 February 2016 at paragraph 20.

By necessary implication, therefore, it concedes that the parties’ arbitration
agreement is not “null and void”. In my view that concession is rightly made.

176 An arbitration agreement is null and void only if it is devoid of legal
effect: Albon v Naza Motor Trading Sdn Bhd (No 3) [2007] 2 Lloyd’s Rep 1
(“Albon v Naza”) at [18] per Lightman J. Albon v Naza cited with approval the
American decision of the 3rd Circuit Court of Appeals in Rhone Mediterranee
Compagnia Francese di Assicurazioni e Riassicurazioni v Achille Lauro 712 F.2d
50 (3d Cir. 1983) (“Rhone”). In Rhone, the court held that an arbitration
agreement is “null and void” only if it is subject to an internationally-
recognised defence such as duress, mistake, fraud or waiver, or if it
contravenes fundamental policies of the forum. The court held, further, that
the words “null and void” must be read narrowly in light of the general policy
of upholding the enforceability of arbitration agreements to which all New
York Convention contracting states have subscribed.

177 Vitiating factors recognised under the proper law of the arbitration
agreement, or its putative proper law, will render an arbitration agreement
devoid of legal effect. Prof Gary Born in International Commercial Arbitration
at p 841 observes that typical examples of defences rendering an arbitration
agreement “null and void” include fraud or fraudulent inducement,
unconscionability, illegality, and mistake. A controversial issue is whether
the term “null and void” encompasses a putative arbitration agreement which
never in fact came into existence as a result of defects in formation or
consent, as opposed to an actual arbitration agreement which did come into
existence but for some other reason is vitiated or vulnerable to vitiation. I
need say nothing further on that controversy since it does not arise in the
case before me.

178 The parties’ arbitration agreement is not null and void. There is no
suggestion in the facts before me that the arbitration agreement was devoid of
legal effect when it was entered into or that it has, by reason of supervening
events, become vulnerable now to being held to be devoid of legal effect on
any grounds whatsoever.

Conclusion on the second issue

179 For the foregoing reasons, I find that the parties’ arbitration agreement
is inarguably incapable of being performed, but is arguably not inoperative
and is certainly not null and void. The result is that the parties are in a
position where, contractually, no obligation to arbitrate this dispute can
ever arise. The parties find themselves in this position not because their
consent to arbitrate future disputes was somehow defective when they entered
into their arbitration agreement (null and void) or because their consent was
somehow vitiated, undermined or compromised by supervening events which have
occurred after they entered into their arbitration agreement and have led to
it ceasing to have legal effect and to its discharge (inoperative). The
parties find themselves in this position precisely because their consent to
arbitrate – as manifested in the arbitration agreement in their contract –
contemplated it. They intended their consent to arbitrate to be contingent and
asymmetric. Their contract placed the fulfilment of that contingency within
the control only of Dyna-Jet. Dyna-Jet has, as is its right, elected not to
fulfil the contingency. And the contingency can now never be satisfied, at
least in respect of this dispute.

180 For the foregoing reasons, I consider that Dyna-Jet has succeeded in
establishing that there is no arguable case that can be made against its
submission that the parties’ arbitration agreement is within the proviso to s
6(2) of the IAA.

181 I agree with the assistant registrar that this is a commercial result
because it advances the parties’ commercial intent in entering into their
arbitration agreement. Granting Wilson Taylor a stay of this action would have
the practical effect of compelling Dyna-Jet to arbitrate its claims. That
would be contrary to the parties’ clear intention, as expressed in their
arbitration agreement, to give Dyna-Jet the freedom to decide whether to
arbitrate. In Jurisdiction and Arbitration Agreements, David Joseph QC opines
(at p 149) that “[a]s a general principle an agreement to resolve disputes in
a particular manner, and in particular to arbitrate in a private way, ought to
be construed in such a manner so it will be upheld, given force and not struck
down (ut res magis valeat quam pereat)”. This is an accurate statement of
principle. The inclination embodied in this maxim, however, is an inclination
to give effect to the parties’ commercial intent, not to divert parties to
arbitration despite that intent. A stay of Dyna-Jet’s action is unwarranted,
not only as being outside s 6(2) of the IAA, but also because it would defeat
the parties’ commercial intent manifested in their arbitration agreement.

182 For that reason, I would not have been minded to grant a stay of this
action in my inherent jurisdiction or as part of my powers of case management,
even if Wilson Taylor had sought such a stay. For that reason also, I would
have found “sufficient reason” to decline a stay if this matter were governed
by s 6 of the AA rather than s 6 of the IAA.

183 I have therefore dismissed Wilson Taylor’s appeal against the assistant
registrar’s decision to refuse a stay under s 6(2) and have ordered Wilson
Taylor to pay to Dyna-Jet the costs of and incidental to the appeal, such
costs fixed at $2,000 including disbursements.

Leave to appeal and stay pending appeal

184 Shortly after my decision, and within the time permitted, Wilson Taylor
sought leave to appeal against my decision. It relies on the three limbs that
Yong Pung How CJ identified in Lee Kuan Yew v Tang Liang Hong and another
[1997] 2 SLR(R) 862 at [16]: (i) a prima facie case of error; (ii) a question
of general principle decided for the first time; and (iii) a question of
importance upon which further argument and a decision of a higher tribunal
would be to the public advantage.

185 Wilson Taylor submits that I have committed a prima facie error of law in
refusing to stay Dyna-Jet’s action. It also submits that its intended appeal
will raise important questions of law which have not been clarified by the
Singapore courts, in particular the meaning of the words “null and void,
inoperative or incapable of being performed” in s 6(2) of the IAA. Finally, it
submits that it would be in the public interest for the Court of Appeal to
give a determination of the meaning of this phrase.

186 I have granted Wilson Taylor leave to appeal on the second and third
grounds advanced. In my view, there is both a question of general principle
and a question of importance for the Court of Appeal to consider on the two
issues underlying Wilson Taylor’s application for a stay. These two issues are
novel not just for Singapore law but for international arbitration in general.
On both issues, therefore the Court of Appeal’s views would be welcome to the
arbitration community in Singapore and internationally.

187 In addition, again on Wilson Taylor’s application, I have stayed this
action until the disposal of its appeal. I have done so to ensure that Wilson
Taylor is not required to deliver a pleading or to take a step in these
proceedings, thereby breaching one of the prerequisites for a permanent stay
of these proceedings under s 6(2): Carona Holdings Pte Ltd and others v Go Go
Delicacy Pte Ltd [2008] 4 SLR(R) 460 at [33] to [34].

188 I have therefore granted Wilson Taylor leave to appeal to the Court of
Appeal with a stay of action until the appeal is determined. I have also
reserved the costs of and incidental to the leave application and the stay
application to the Court of Appeal.

Vinodh Coomaraswamy  
Judge

Tan Yew Cheng (Leong Partnership) for the plaintiff;  
S Magintharan and Vineetha Gunasekaran (Essex LLC) for the defendant.  

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:40 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

