Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the republic of singapore

[2016] SGHC 180

Tribunal Appeal No 1 of 2016

In the Matter of Section 54(1) of the Accountants Act (Cap 2)

And

In the Matter of Section 20(c) of

the Supreme Court of Judicature Act (Cap 322)

And

In the Matter of Order 55 Rule 2 of the Rules of Court

Between

Leow Kwee Huay  
---  
  
… Appellant

And

Public Accountants Oversight Committee

… Respondent

judgment

[Professions] — [Accountants]

[Administrative Law] — [Disciplinary Tribunals]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Leow Kwee Huay

  
v

  

Public Accountants Oversight Committee

[2016] SGHC 180

High Court — Tribunal Appeal No 1 of 2016  
Choo Han Teck J  
27 July 2016

13 September 2016 Judgment reserved.

Choo Han Teck J:

1 This is an appeal against the decision of the respondent, the Public
Accountants Oversight Committee (“PAOC”), pursuant to s 52(2)(a) of the
Accountants Act (Cap 2, 2005 Rev Ed) to cancel the appellant’s registration as
a public accountant. The appellant was an audit manager in the accounting firm
of Er & Co at the time of the offences. She had worked at the firm for about
25 years but was only registered as a certified public accountant on 4
September 2008.

2 On 26 July 2010, the Accounting and Corporate Regulatory Authority (“ACRA”)
received a complaint from Mr Er Boon Chiew (“Mr Er”), who is the sole
proprietor of Er & Co. He alleged that the appellant had committed several
instances of misconduct. The PAOC, under the recommendations of the complaints
committee, directed for a full inquiry by the disciplinary committee. The
disciplinary committee was constituted on 8 November 2012 to inquire into the
complaints of Mr Er.

3 In December 2012, ACRA laid five charges before the disciplinary committee.
The five charges were brought under s 52(1)(c) of the Accountants Act and
alleged that the appellant was guilty of improper conduct rendering her unfit
to be a public accountant. The five charges, which pertained to offences
committed in the period between 2008 to 2009, were:

(a) The first charge was for accepting the appointment as auditor of JG Homes
Pte Ltd and Wynners Home Pte Ltd in the name of public accounting firm Er & Co
without its knowledge and authorisation.

(b) The second and third charges were for making unauthorised withdrawals from
the account of Er & Co to pay for BizFile transactions for her own clients.

(c) The fourth charge was for appending her signature in the name of Er & Co
on the audit reports of JG Realty Pte Ltd and Wynners Homes Pte Ltd without
authorisation.

(d) The fifth charge was for applying for a public entertainment and liquor
license, as a director of Great Shanghai Entertainment Pte Ltd, from the
Singapore Police Force for two individuals when she knew that they were
blacklisted from making such applications.

4 Concurrently, the appellant was separately investigated by the Commercial
Affairs Department (“CAD”) for crimes of forgery and criminal breach of trust
after Mr Er made a complaint to the police. On 1 August 2012, the appellant
was charged for 15 charges of forgery and two charges of criminal breach of
trust under the Penal Code (Cap 224, 2008 Rev Ed). The appellant claimed trial
to the charges. The two charges for criminal breach of trust were subsequently
withdrawn by the prosecution. On 29 November 2013, the appellant was convicted
on seven charges of forgery and was sentenced to two to three days’
imprisonment on those charges with two of the sentences made concurrent. The
appellant was thus sentenced to a total of five days’ imprisonment. The
appellant filed a Notice of Appeal against the conviction. The appeal was
heard by Tay Yong Kwang J in the High Court on 14 July 2014 and dismissed.

5 After the conviction of the appellant, ACRA applied to withdraw the second,
third and fifth charges against the appellant and to amend the first and
fourth charges before the disciplinary committee. The amendments to the two
charges were to reflect the criminal conviction of the appellant for forgery
in relation to JG Realty Pte Ltd and Wynners Homes Pte Ltd. Both companies
were incorporated by Jimmy Lee who sought the appellant’s accounting services.
The appellant did not object to the application and the two charges were
amended from charges brought under s 52(1)(c) to charges brought under s
52(1)(a) of the Accountants Act. Section 52(1)(a) of the Accountants Act
states that:

If, at the conclusion of the formal inquiry, the Disciplinary Committee is
satisfied that the public accountant has been convicted in Singapore or
elsewhere of any offence involving fraud or dishonesty or moral turpitude…the
Disciplinary Committee shall report its findings to the [PAOC] and recommend
to the [PAOC] to take any of the actions referred to in subsection 2(a) to
(f).

6 The disciplinary committee was informed on 6 May 2015 through ACRA that the
appellant did not intend to contest the amended charges. At the formal inquiry
hearing by the disciplinary committee on 15 September 2015, the disciplinary
committee unanimously decided that the appropriate recommendation to the PAOC
would be a cancellation of the appellant’s registration as a public accountant
pursuant to s 52(2)(a) of the Accountants Act. The report and recommendations
of the disciplinary committee in relation to the disciplinary proceedings
against the appellant were submitted to the PAOC for consideration. The PAOC
agreed with the disciplinary committee and issued an order to cancel the
appellant’s registration as a public accountant pursuant to s 52(2)(a) of the
Accountants Act. The appellant filed this appeal pursuant to s 54(1) of the
Accountants Act.

7 On appeal, the appellant contends that the PAOC’s decision to cancel her
registration as a public accountant was manifestly excessive. First, she
submits that the PAOC erred in giving insufficient weight to the special facts
of this case, namely:

(a) There was no harm suffered by the victim;

(b) The wrongful loss in this case was a minor sum of $7,760, which the victim
paid to the appellant for her services, less the value of other services which
were provided over two years, or whatever the victim would have paid Er & Co
for the audited financial statement;

(c) There was no evidence that the audited financial statements were
inaccurate and no one was put at risk; and

(d) The forged financial statements were of two dormant exempt companies and
hence there was no market impact.

8 Secondly, the appellant argues that the PAOC erred in giving insufficient
weight to the sentences imposed by the court in her criminal proceedings for
forgery. Specifically, the appellant relies on the fact that she had been
given sentences of two to three days and argues that these were significantly
below the sentence of six months’ imprisonment usually imposed for the crime
of forgery.

9 Thirdly, the appellant submits that the PAOC similarly failed to consider
the sentence imposed by the Disciplinary Committee of the Association of
Chartered Certified Accountants (“ACCA”) in their disciplinary proceedings.
The appellant was also a member of the ACCA, which is another professional
body for accountants. Disciplinary proceedings were commenced against her by
the ACCA after she was convicted of forgery by the criminal court. The ACCA
punished the appellant with a severe reprimand and ordered her to pay costs of
£2,902 but it did not remove her from its Register of Members. The appellant
submits that the PAOC had not given any additional reason beyond what the ACCA
had given to justify her striking off. She thus argues that the sentence
imposed by the PAOC was manifestly excessive in the light of the ACCA
decision.

10 Fourthly, the appellant argues that the PAOC erred in attaching too much
weight to the fact of a conviction involving fraud or dishonestly or moral
turpitude stated in s 52(1)(a) of the Accountants Act without sufficiently
considering the sentencing options available under s 52(2) of the Accountants
Act. Finally, the appellant submits that the sentence is not consistent with
other precedents dealing with acts of misconduct by professionals that were of
equivalent severity.

11 Counsel for the PAOC submits that the cancellation of the appellant’s
registration as a public accountant is not manifestly excessive and should be
upheld. She submits that:

(a) First, there were no compelling mitigating factors in this case;

(b) Secondly, the sentence imposed in the criminal proceedings and the censure
by ACCA were not relevant in the proceedings before the PAOC; and

(c) Thirdly, there was no misapprehension or misdirection of facts by the
PAOC.

Counsel for the PAOC therefore submits that the sentence imposed was
appropriate in the light of the legislative intent of the Accountants Act, the
precedent cases and the aggravating factors in the present case.

12 The only issue before me in this appeal is whether the punishment meted out
by the PAOC was manifestly excessive given that it is undisputed that the
appellant had pleaded guilty to the charges brought forth by ACRA to the
disciplinary committee and the PAOC. The present appeal is by way of rehearing
and the High Court has broad powers over the decision of the PAOC. The right
of appeal to the High Court is provided by s 54(1) of the Accountants Act.
Order 55 r 1 and Order 55 r 2 of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R5, 2014 Rev
Ed), which apply to such appeals from disciplinary committees, provide that
such an appeal “shall be by way of rehearing”.

13 The primary focus of a disciplinary committee is to determine the
appropriate professional sanction to be imposed on errant professionals in the
light of the offences committed. It has the responsibility of upholding the
standard and reputation of the profession. The Court of Three Judges in Law
Society of Singapore v Kurubalan s/o Manickam Rengaraju [2013] 4 SLR 91 at
[48] affirmed the view expressed in Law Society of Singapore v Tham Yu Xian
Rick [1999] 3 SLR(R) 68 at [22] that –

…because orders made by a disciplinary tribunal are not primarily punitive,
considerations which would ordinarily weigh in mitigation of punishment have
less effect on the exercise of the disciplinary jurisdiction than on sentences
imposed in criminal cases…

And in Singapore Medical Council v Kwan Kah Yee [2015] 5 SLR 201, in the
context of the medical profession, the Court of Three Judges held at [58] that
–

…[disciplinary tribunals] are primarily concerned with the protection of
public confidence and the reputation of the profession. For this reason,
mitigating circumstances which weigh in favour of an offender in criminal
proceedings are viewed in a qualitatively different light where disciplinary
proceedings are concerned.

14 I agree with the respondent’s counsel that the level of integrity and
honesty of the accountant as well as the manner in which the offences were
committed are significant factors in sentencing in disciplinary proceedings.
The absence or lack of damage is not necessarily a major consideration because
it might not accurately represent the extent of lapse in integrity or honesty
of an errant accountant. For example, an accountant can commit extremely
dishonest acts which may not result in damage because the acts are discovered
in time. That would be considered a serious breach notwithstanding the lack or
absence of harm. Nevertheless, substantial harm to victims or the public would
justify a more severe sentence. All these factors must be considered on the
facts of each case.

15 In the present case, the appellant was dishonest when she signed on audited
financial statements knowing that she did not have the proper authorisation to
do so. Those financial statements were subsequently submitted by the client to
regulatory bodies in Singapore such as the Inland Revenue Authority of
Singapore (“IRAS”) and the Building and Construction Authority (“BCA”). The
appellant’s conduct was deemed a case of forgery because she signed it as
though it was Mr Er’s signature for the firm. Further, the district judge at
[88] of his judgment found that there was indeed some monetary loss to the
appellant’s client and a loss of earnings caused to Er & Co. The district
judge found that the amount of loss that could be attributed to the forged
audited financial statements was $7,760 (which was the total amount paid by
Jimmy Lee to the appellant) less the amount for legitimate accounting services
rendered by the appellant to Jimmy Lee between 2008 and 2009.

16 The ACCA’s decision to let the appellant off with just a reprimand is
relevant but the appellant cannot rely on it wholly or without qualification
in support of her claim that the punishment determined by the PAOC was
manifestly excessive. The decision of the ACCA, a foreign organisation, is not
binding on this court or the PAOC, of course, since different policy
considerations apply in the disciplinary process. Furthermore, ACCA took into
account factors that were not before the PAOC. For instance, it considered the
fact that the appellant had travelled from Singapore to London for the
disciplinary proceedings as a valid mitigating factor. The ACCA disciplinary
proceedings also did not consider the fact that the PAOC had decided to cancel
the appellant’s registration because the ACCA proceedings were heard on 27
August 2015, before the PAOC made its decision to cancel the appellant’s
registration on 15 January 2016. What is relevant is that the ACCA obviously
believed that there is room for some compassion for the appellant on the
facts.

17 The cases cited to me by counsel relate to cases of dishonesty from other
professions. These cases are not as helpful as every profession has its own
ethical duties and responsibilities and the considerations on what makes an
appropriate punishment differ between professions. What is important is that
the form and impact of dishonesty vary from case to case, but it is obvious
that the ultimate sanction need not be imposed just because the misconduct
involves dishonesty.

18 There is a broad range of punishment that the PAOC can avail to on s 52(2)
of the Accountants Act. They include cancelling the registration or suspending
the errant accountant for up to two years. The punishment of cancellation,
being the most severe punishment under the Accountants Act, should be reserved
for acts that undermine the trust that is placed within the accountant’s
hands. The disciplinary committee commented on an unreported disciplinary case
of Mr Chng Chor Tong, where cancellation was recommended to the PAOC because
of the accountant’s convictions for tax evasion offences, and correctly
observed that the misconduct in that case was more serious than the
appellant’s conduct here. This is because tax evasion, especially of a large
amount of money demonstrates a serious defect in the integrity and honesty of
an accountant and a cancellation of registration would be justified.

19 In the present case, although the signature on the audited financial
statements was forged, the contents of those statements were not found to be
false or inaccurate. The appellant signed the firm’s signature on those
financial statements, and the forgery was said to be committed because she
signed it as Mr Er (who was until then the only person who could sign the
statements) would have signed. This is thus more like an unauthorised
signature than a forgery as commonly understood. The dishonesty of the
appellant is thus limited to her signing the financial statements when she was
then not allowed to do, and involved only that one client.

20 The appellant had worked at Er & Co for over 25 years as an unregistered
clerk without blemish. To finally be admitted as a certified public accountant
and be struck off the register for the offences she committed within a year of
finally becoming a certified public accountant appears harsh in the context of
the wrong that she did. Her actions should be punished, but the cancellation
of her registration is too harsh. I am of the view that the punishment of the
maximum period of suspension of two years under s 52(2)(b) is appropriate and
sufficient. The appellant will realise, of course, that given the sporting
chance to practise as a certified public accountant when the suspension is
over, she must not commit any future misconduct or that will truly end her
career for good. All professionals must remember, no matter how eager or
excited they may be to sign off as a professional, that signature does not
just signify the pride of the profession, but also all its encumbering
responsibilities.

21 For the above reasons I am of the view that the cancellation of the
appellant’s registration is manifestly excessive. I therefore allow the appeal
and substitute the PAOC’s cancellation with a two year suspension under s
52(2)(b) of the Accountants Act. There will be no order as to costs.

\- Sgd -  
Choo Han Teck  
Judge

Chia Jin Chong Daniel (Coleman Street Chambers LLC) for the appellant;  
Lim Jen Hui (Accounting and Corporate Regulatory Authority)  
for the respondent.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 2: 27 Oct 2020 (22:40 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

