Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the republic of singapore

[2016] SGHC 29

Suit No 184 of 2010

Between

| Lim Koon Park  
---|---  
|  
|  
|  
  
… Plaintiff

And

(1)| Yap Jin Meng Bryan  
---|---  
(2)| Riverwealth Pte Ltd  
(3)| Wee Pek Joon  
|  
  
… Defendants

SUPPLEMENTAL judgment

[Damages] — [Assessment]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Lim Koon Park

  
v

  

Yap Jin Meng Bryan and others

  

  

[2016] SGHC 29

  

High Court — Suit No 184 of 2010  
Lai Siu Chiu SJ  
17, 25 November 2015

3 March 2016 Judgment reserved.

Lai Siu Chiu SJ:

1 This judgment is supplemental to this court’s judgment in Lim Koon Park v
Yap Jin Meng Bryan and others [2015] SGHC 284 dated 29 October 2015 (“the main
judgment”) which related to the inquiry before this court to determine the
plaintiff’s 25% share of the net profit made by Riverwealth from the sale of
its two properties at River Valley Road (“the Properties”). In order to
determine the plaintiff’s profit entitlement, this court had to ascertain the
allowable deductions from the gross profits made by Riverwealth, which
exercise was the subject of the main judgment. Pursuant to [91] of the main
judgment, parties appeared before this court again to deal with two
outstanding issues not resolved in the main judgment viz:

(a) Costs for the 7 days’ assessment; and

(b) Interest payable to the first defendant on his loan of $22,580,621.99
(“the principal sum”) to Riverwealth as allowed by the Court of Appeal in Lim
Koon Park and another v Yap Jin Meng Bryan and another [2013] 4 SLR 150 (“the
CA judgment”)

At the inquiry, the first defendant presented a figure of $3,091,130.28 as his
claim for interest (see [10] of the main judgment).

2 In the two days’ hearing before this court, the parties were unable to agree
on the method of computing the first defendant’s claim for interest, let alone
the quantum, despite the plaintiff’s production of exhibits P5 and P6 and the
first defendant’s new charts in exhibits D3 to D6, on the various permutations
of interest calculations. The court had rejected the first defendant’s initial
calculations in exhibit D2 as it was shown to be flawed – interest therein had
(but should not have) been calculated on the principal sum on a straight line
basis because the principal sum was not drawn down all at once but
periodically as and when required.

3 Although the first defendant rectified his error in D2, his subsequent
computations of interest in exhibits D3 to D6 were also not acceptable to the
plaintiff as there was disagreement on how the GST refund of $3,395,902.70
(“the GST refund”) to Riverwealth made on 1 September 2008 should be treated –
as repayment of interest or of capital on the principal sum or both in equal
proportions.

4 In the result, the court decided to and did order the parties to file
written submissions to show the quantum of (compound) interest chargeable on
the principal sum at 7.5% per annum calculated on monthly rests. Parties were
told that once the ceiling of the principal sum was reached, no interest would
accrue on any amount in excess of the principal sum (“the excess”). However,
whenever the principal sum was reduced to a figure below the excess, whether
it was due to the GST refund or partial repayments of the principal sum, the
further advances made by the first defendant could be added onto the principal
and interest continues to accrue until the next time the excess is again
reached when it will stop. This exercise would continue until the principal
sum was fully repaid on or about 28 December 2009.

The plaintiff’s submissions

5 The plaintiff presented two alternative computations for the court’s
consideration, as reflected in Tables A and B attached to this judgment. In
Table A, the plaintiff showed that the principal sum was reached for the first
time on 28 April 2008. That being the case, no interest would accrue on the
excess. Whenever a part-payment/refund of the principal sum was made, the same
would be correspondingly reduced and interest would accrue on the principal
sum until it was again exceeded. The plaintiff’s computation deducted $1m of
the principal sum before calculating the interest chargeable. Based on Table
A, the plaintiff arrived at a figure of $2,909,827.56 as interest due to the
first defendant.

6 In Table B, the plaintiff’s computation was based on the principal sum with
the $1m equity for Riverwealth deducted at the end viz on 30 September 2008.
The amount of interest computed in table B was $2,975,830.02.

7 I had pointed out to counsel for the plaintiff that while it was common
ground that the first defendant did inject $1m as equity into Riverwealth,
nothing was said in the CA judgment that $1m should be deducted from the
principal sum or that interest should only be charged on the reduced amount of
$21,580,621.99. Reading the CA judgment, I am of the view that the CA must
have arrived at the quantum of the principal sum net of the $1m equity
injected into Riverwealth. Despite the court’s reminder to counsel however,
the plaintiff’s computations of interest in Tables A and B made deductions of
the $1m equity contribution. Consequently, I reject both Tables A and B and
the computations of interest amounting to $2,909,827.56 and $2,975,830.02
respectively.

The first defendant’s computation

8 I turn now to the first defendant’s computation of interest which is
contained in Table C. The first defendant’s computation is based on the
court’s direction in [4] and showed a figure of $2,990,263.79. This figure is
just $14,433.77 more than the plaintiff’s figure of $2,975,830.02 in Table B.
The shortfall in the plaintiff’s interest calculation could well be due to
plaintiff’s deduction of $1m from the principal sum for equity contribution. I
see no reason not to accept the first defendant’s computation of interest and
accordingly I award him interest of $2,990,263.79 for his loan of the
principal sum to Riverwealth.

The plaintiff’s 25% share of the net profit made by Riverwealth

9 With the issue of interest payable by Riverwealth to the first defendant
finally resolved, the quantum of the plaintiff’s 25% share of the net profit
(now crystallised at $3,178,279.49) made from the sale of the Properties could
be determined. The first defendant’s submission (at para 19 of his written
submissions) calculated the plaintiff’s profit to be $794,569.87. That meant
that Andy’s 25% share would be the same (if proven in Suit No. 1057 of 2013)
while the first defendant’s 50% entitlement would be $1,589,139.74. The
plaintiff’s entitlement to $794,569.87 is based on the following computation:

| Deductions allowed in [86] of the main judgment| Net  
---|---|---  
Sale price| | $60,080,000.00  
Purchase price| | ($48,500,000.00)  
| i. i. $5,108,676.58ii. ii. $300,000.00| ($5,408,676.58)  
Balance:| | $6,171,323.42  
Add :i. Further (agreed) deductionii. Interest to 1st Defendant on loan to 2nd
Defendant| $2,780.14$2,990,263.79| ($2,993,043.93)  
Net Profit on the sale of the Properties| | $3,178,279.49 ÷ 4  
Plaintiff’s 25% entitlement to net profits on the sale of the Properties| | $794,569.87  
  
10 The above computation is based on the figures in [86] of the main judgment
(save for the preceding interest calculation itself). The court was informed
by counsel on 25 November 2015 that the previously disputed amount of
$2,780.14 had now been accepted by the plaintiff without the need for further
submissions. That sum was a global figure described as “for payments between
end 2007 to May 2008” (at para 10 in the first defendant’s AEIC filed for the
assessment hearing (on 30 March 2015) as well as in his AVA (at para 60) filed
on 4 April 2015. The sum comprised, inter alia, entertainment expenses
incurred by the plaintiff and travel expenses incurred by Clarence Tan. I
would also add that Clarence Tan’s 2.5% share of the net sale profits (pro-
rated) is to come from the profits of the plaintiff and the first defendant
pending the determination of Andy’s claim in Suit No. 1057 of 2013.

Costs

11 I had indicated to counsel at the hearing that I was minded to award costs
of the assessment to the plaintiff subject to an appropriate deduction that
counsel for the plaintiff had conceded to (for the inordinate amount of time
he spent cross-examining the first defendant and his two expert witnesses on
the issue of interest) and his further concession of $5,000 for the first
defendant’s preparation of five affidavits pertaining to formal proof of the
first defendant’s documents. The affidavits were ultimately not required as
the plaintiff eventually decided to dispense with formal proof of those
documents.

12 In regard to costs, I am of the view that there has to be a discount of 35%
for two reasons. First, counsel for the plaintiff and the first defendant were
constantly engaged in a war of words while the latter was in the witness
stand, prompting the court to advise both parties that being personal was
unbecoming behaviour (and also unnecessary).

13 Second, the discount was also to reflect the court’s disapproval of the
plaintiff’s repeated (and futile) arguments in court and in his final
submissions that no interest was payable on the first defendant’s loan to
Riverwealth despite the CA judgment holding to the contrary.

14 As counsel for the plaintiff made the concession, the first defendant is
allowed a further deduction of $5,000 (plus disbursements on a reimbursement
basis) for preparing the five affidavits in [11] relating to formal proof of
numerous documents which were rendered otiose when counsel for the plaintiff
decided the deponents need not be called.

15 The first defendant’s contention that he is entitled to costs of the
assessment flies in the face of the standard rule that costs follow the event.
It bears remembering that the assessment hearing was necessitated by the CA
judgment directing that an inquiry be held to determine the plaintiff’s 25%
share of the profit made by Riverwealth from the sale of the Properties. A
number of items claimed by the first defendant as deductibles from the gross
sale proceeds were disallowed including the substantial legal fees charged by
Rajah & Tann LLP. (The court however had also acknowledged that it was the
plaintiff’s conduct that caused the fees to be incurred).

16 It would have been a different consideration altogether had the assessment
hearing resulted in the first defendant succeeding in all the deductions he
claimed in his AEIC as that meant the entire assessment hearing was
unnecessary and the plaintiff should be penalised in costs for the wastage in
time and costs. However, that was not the case here.

17 Consequently, in the exercise of the court’s discretion under O 59 r 3(2)
of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2014 Rev Ed) (“the Rules”) this court
awards to the plaintiff for the assessment hearing 65% of costs on a standard
basis less $5,000 (plus disbursements on a reimbursement basis incurred by the
first defendant) to be taxed unless otherwise agreed.

18 The plaintiff is awarded judgment for the sum of $794,569.87 in [9].
Pursuant to the CA judgment, the plaintiff is entitled to interest on the said
sum at 5.33% per annum from the date of the writ (16 March 2010) to the date
of the CA judgment (22 July 2013). Pursuant to O 42 r 12 of the Rules, the
plaintiff is awarded further interest at 5.33% per annum from the date of this
judgment until payment of the said sum.

19 For purposes of appeal under O 57 r 4(c) of the Rules, time runs from the
date of this Supplemental Judgment.

Lai Siu Chiu  
Senior Judge

Srinivasan s/o V Namasivayam and Nur Liyana Bte Mohamed Sinwan (Heng, Leong
and Srinivasan LLC) for the plaintiff and third defendant;  
Chew Mei Lin Lynette and Lu Huiru Grace (Morgan Lewis Stamford LLC) for the
first and second defendants.  

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 11 Jan 2022 (19:48 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

