Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the republic of singapore

[2016] SGHC 206

Suit No 1238 of 2015  
(Registrar’s Appeal No 131 of 2016)

Between

(1) TAN SWEE WAN  
---  
(2) KELVIN LOW KENG SIANG  
  
… Plaintiffs/Respondents

And

JOHNNY LIAN TIAN YONG  
---  
  
… Defendant/Appellant

Grounds of decision

[Civil Procedure] — [Striking out]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Tan Swee Wan and another

  
v

  
Lian Tian Yong

Johnny

[2016] SGHC 206

High Court — Suit No 1238 of 2015 (Registrar’s Appeal No 131 of 2016)

George Wei J

27 June 2016; 21 July 2016; 23 August 2016

28 September 2016

George Wei J:

Introduction

1 This was the Defendant’s appeal against the decision of the learned
Assistant Registrar (“the AR”) dismissing his application to strike out
paragraph 26(d) of the Statement of Claim (“SOC”) in Suit 1238 of 2015 (“the
Suit”), pursuant to O 18 r 19 of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2014 Rev
Ed).

2 On 21 July 2016, I allowed the Defendant’s appeal. The Plaintiffs have
appealed my decision and I now set out my detailed reasons. These supplement
the brief reasons furnished when the orders were made on 21 July 2016.

Background facts

3 The 1st Plaintiff, Mr Tan Swee Wan, the 2nd Plaintiff, Mr Kelvin Low Keng
Siang, and the Defendant, Mr Johnny Lian Tian Yong, were business partners. On
8 August 2001, the 1st Plaintiff set up a company now known as Tecbiz Frisman
Pte Ltd (“Tecbiz”), which is in the business of providing computer forensic
services. The 1st Plaintiff is a director and shareholder of Tecbiz. In or
about October 2001 and January 2002 respectively, the Defendant and the 2nd
Plaintiff also became directors and shareholders of Tecbiz. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Statement of Claim paras 4-6; Defendant’s submissions at para 7.

4 Sometime between 2006 and 2009, 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

According to Statement of Claim para 8, this occurred in 2006; according to
the Defence and Counterclaim para 9(a), this occurred in 2009.

the parties agreed to develop a new computer software, Solvesam, to be used to
manage information technology assets and their security.

5 To this end, the parties set up another company, now known as SSI Holdings
Pte Ltd (“SSI”), on 23 December 2010 for the purposes of developing and
marketing Solvesam (“the Solvesam project”). 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Statement of Claim paras 8 and 10; Plaintiffs’ submissions at para 4(a);
Defendant’s submissions at para 8-11.

Under the agreement, it appeared that the Plaintiffs would be responsible for
the software development whilst the Defendant would be responsible for
sourcing for prospective investors from China. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

Statement of Claim paras 15(d) and (e); Defendant’s submissions at paras
12-13.

6 The parties were all shareholders and directors of SSI. The Plaintiffs
claimed that in order to raise funds for SSI and the Solvesam project, it was
agreed that the Defendant was to source for funds from Chinese investors, with
the ultimate aim of listing SSI on a stock exchange. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

Statement of Claim paras 15(c)-(d).

Ultimately, however, the Solvesam project did not come to fruition and SSI was
not listed on a stock exchange. The Plaintiffs’ basic case was that the
Defendant never had any intention to bring the project to fruition. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

Plaintiffs’ submissions at para 6.

7 At various points between June and December 2011, the Plaintiffs resigned as
directors of SSI and sold their respective shares in SSI to the Defendant for
a token sum of S$1 each. In addition, the 2nd Plaintiff resigned as director
and Chief Operating Officer of Tecbiz, and sold his shares in Tecbiz to the
Defendant for S$100,000. The 1st Plaintiff also resigned as director and Chief
Executive Officer (“CEO”) of Tecbiz, but remained a shareholder.

8 According to the Plaintiffs, the series of resignations and sales of shares
were allegedly prompted by various breaches and/or fraudulent acts by the
Defendant, causing the Plaintiffs to lose their trust and confidence in the
Defendant as a business partner. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

Statement of Claim para 13.

The Plaintiffs’ pleaded case

9 On 3 December 2015, the Plaintiffs commenced the Suit against the Defendant.
Broadly, the claims in the Suit related to the Defendant’s fundraising efforts
for SSI. Three alternative causes of action were pleaded in the SOC.

10 First, the Plaintiffs claimed that the Defendant breached an oral agreement
with them in respect of the Solvesam project. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

Statement of Claim para 15.

Second, the Plaintiffs asserted that if there was no oral agreement, the
Defendant made fraudulent misrepresentations to them. Third, the Plaintiffs
claimed that the Defendant breached a constructive trust. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

Statement of Claim paras 15, 21 and 31.

For the purposes of this appeal, the focus was on the Plaintiffs’ cause of
action in fraudulent misrepresentation.

11 According to the Plaintiffs, the parties’ plan was to raise US$20 million
in funds for SSI, with the ultimate objective of listing SSI on the NASDAQ, a
stock exchange in the United States (“the US”).

12 It would be recalled that the Plaintiffs’ case was that the Defendant was
responsible for sourcing for the funds for SSI and the Solvesam project. The
Plaintiffs claimed that this eventually culminated in a subscription agreement
with an investor from China on or about 24 January 2011. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

Statement of Claim para 17.

13 The Plaintiffs pleaded that in order to induce the Plaintiffs to enter into
the subscription agreement, the Defendant made the following representations
(“the Representations”) 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

Statement of Claim paras 15, 22-23.

:

(a) The Defendant intended to lead the fundraising exercise in the name of SSI
without any links back to Tecbiz;

(b) The funds raised under the subscription agreement had to be under the
Defendant’s control, because the potential investor only trusted the
Defendant; and

(c) The Defendant intended (inter alia) to procure the eventual transfer and
disbursement of US$900,000 to each of the Plaintiffs and the Defendant.

14 It was further pleaded that the Plaintiffs relied on the truth of the
Representations, that the Representations were false, and that they were
fraudulently made. As a result, the Plaintiffs alleged that they had suffered
loss. The 1st Plaintiff claimed US$700,000 (as US$200,000 had already been
paid to the 1st Plaintiff by the Defendant) and the 2nd Plaintiff claimed the
full US$900,000 against the Defendant, as damages in lieu of rescission. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

Statement of Claim paras 24, 26, 28 and 30.

15 In connection with the claim that the pleaded Representations were false
and fraudulently made, the Plaintiffs, in paragraph 26 of the SOC, set out a
list of particulars in a number of sub-paragraphs. These included paragraph
26(d) which was the key sub-paragraph in dispute in this case.

16 Paragraph 26(d) alleged that the Defendant had been “perpetrating a scam
and never intended to carry out any of the Representations” made to the
Plaintiffs. It went on to detail the Defendant’s fundraising methodology in a
separate company incorporated in the US, Techmedia Advertising Inc (“TECM”),
in which the Defendant was director, CEO and chairman.

17 TECM was apparently a “development project” undertaken by the Defendant,
and was on 17 February 2009 listed on the “US Over the Counter Bulletin
Board”. I pause here to stress that there was no assertion or suggestion that
the Plaintiffs were involved in any way with the TECM development project.

18 In order to raise funds for TECM, the board of directors, including the
Defendant, resolved to offer private placement shares to private individuals
from September 2008, enlisting the help of one Lim Tow Kwong (“Raymond”).
Further, the Defendant had himself, between April and July 2009, offered to
persons agreements to subscribe for securities in TECM. To entice investors,
the Defendant claimed that TECM was due to be listed on the NASDAQ.

19 Both Raymond and the Defendant raised a substantial amount of money from
the sale of securities to investors. Investors with US-dollar accounts
remitted their investment money directly to a trust account set up on behalf
of TECM. Investors who did not have a US-dollar account would pass their
investment money directly to the Defendant, who would purportedly transfer the
money to the trust account.

20 As it turned out, TECM failed to be listed on the NASDAQ, but was instead
downgraded to a smaller and illiquid exchange due to a failure to file
accounts. On 4 May 2011, a police report was lodged against Raymond. The
investigations also involved the Defendant. Ultimately, on 31 March 2014, the
Defendant was charged with, pleaded guilty to and convicted of an offence
under s 82(1) of the Securities and Futures Act (Cap 289, 2006 Rev Ed) for
carrying on a business in the dealing of securities without a valid capital
markets services license from the Monetary Authority of Singapore. He was
fined $150,000, in default of which he was to serve a sentence of 15 months’
imprisonment.

21 According to the Plaintiffs, the statements in paragraph 26(d) were taken
from the Agreed Statement of Facts (“ASOF”) in the criminal charge faced by
the Defendant.

The Defendant’s pleaded case and the application to strike out

22 In the Defence and Counterclaim, the Defendant denied the claims, and
reserved the right to apply to strike out. According to the Defendant, the
Plaintiffs had presented a business proposal for the Solvesam project to the
Defendant in 2009. However, from February 2011, the Defendant discovered that
the Plaintiffs had exaggerated and misrepresented the uniqueness and
functionality of Solvesam and its business prospects. It was collectively
decided by the parties that the Solvesam project would be discontinued. The
Plaintiffs’ subsequent resignation as directors and sale of shares was done
amicably. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

Defence and Counterclaim paras 10(a), (b), (d) and 13.

23 Further, the Defendant asserted that in or about March 2011, he had
extended two personal loans to the 1st Plaintiff, totalling S$400,000, when
the 1st Plaintiff was short on cash to pay for renovation works on his house.
The Defendant thus counterclaimed for payment of the S$400,000 from the 1st
Plaintiff. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

Defence and Counterclaim paras 16 and 29(1).

24 On 4 February 2016, the Defendant filed Summons No 575 of 2016, applying to
strike out paragraph 26(d) of the SOC as well as the reference to that
paragraph at paragraph 27 of the SOC, pursuant to O 18 r 19(1) of the Rules of
Court.

The AR’s decision below

25 On 23 March 2016, the AR dismissed the Defendant’s application, stating
that this was not a plain and obvious case for striking out. First, she
reasoned that the proceedings in the Suit were in the early stages, and that
the Plaintiffs might eventually wish to lead evidence or make submissions at
trial in relation the Defendant’s capacity for certain acts. To strike out
paragraph 26(d) would be to unduly restrict the Plaintiffs’ latitude in
bringing relevant evidence before the court at trial.

26 Second, she stated that paragraph 26(d) was relatively contained, as they
appeared to be “straightforward matters of fact” more or less taken from the
ASOF, which the Defendant had agreed to on a prior occasion. There was thus
unlikely to be a serious dispute on these matters and the trial would not be
delayed.

27 Third, she did not consider paragraph 26(d) scandalous, frivolous or
vexatious as it was not plainly irrelevant to the issues in the Suit. On
balance, she was of the view that any prejudice caused to the Defendant in the
retention of paragraph 26(d) of the SOC would be minimal compared to the
prejudice caused to the Plaintiffs in removing paragraph 26(d).

28 The AR further ordered costs of S$2,400 (including reasonable
disbursements) to be paid by the Defendant to the Plaintiffs. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

Certified Transcript for hearing before the AR: Defendant’s Bundle of
Documents at Tab 5.

29 After the AR dismissed the Defendant’s application, the Defendant appealed
against her decision.

The parties’ submissions on appeal

30 On appeal, the parties filed written submissions. The Plaintiffs’ main
argument was that paragraph 26(d) should not be struck out because it was
clearly relevant in establishing the state of mind of the Defendant at the
time that he made the Representations to the Plaintiffs. This was because
paragraph 26(d), which contained facts concerning the subject matter of the
Defendant’s previous charge and conviction in respect of TECM project, was
“strikingly similar” to the factual matrix and modus operandi of the
Defendant’s fundraising for SSI in the Suit.

31 The Plaintiffs argued that the close connection between the fundraising
activities for TECM and SSI was further evident from a website hosted in
China, which stated that “SolveSAM” shares were due to be released, and that
there was a plan to list “SolveSAM” on the NASDAQ within two years. The same
website also allegedly made reference to “Techmedia Advertising OTCBB: TECM”
which appeared to refer to TECM. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

Plaintiffs’ submissions at paras 15-17.

Therefore, the Plaintiffs argued, the contents of paragraph 26(d) constituted
relevant facts under ss 14, 15 and 45 of the Evidence Act (Cap 97, 1997 Rev
Ed). 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

Plaintiffs’ submissions at paras 11(a), 40.

32 In particular, it was argued that paragraph 26(d) would be relevant in
establishing two elements supporting the Plaintiffs’ claim in fraudulent
misrepresentation: that the Representations were false, and that the Defendant
made the representations fraudulently, with the knowledge that the
representations were false, or without caring about whether they were true or
false.

33 The Plaintiffs’ position was that it was important to include paragraph
26(d) in support of the claim, because full particulars must be pleaded in a
claim for fraudulent misrepresentation. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

Plaintiffs’ submissions at para 11(a).

34 The Plaintiffs further submitted that given that the Defendant had admitted
to the facts pleaded in paragraph 26(d), it could not be said to be
scandalous, frivolous, vexatious, or legally or factually unsustainable. The
litigation process would also not be significantly prolonged. Since paragraph
26(d) was relevant to the issues on the pleadings, it would not prejudice or
embarrass the fair trial of the action. It also could not be said that
paragraph 26(d) was pleaded for some ulterior or collateral purpose. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

Plaintiffs’ submissions at paras 11(b)-(d).

35 The Defendant, on the other hand, argued that paragraph 26(d) should be
struck out under all four limbs of O 18 r 19(1) of the Rules of Court. In
particular, the Defendant claimed that paragraph 26(d) disclosed no reasonable
cause of action. First, the Defendant submitted that there was no relation
between the Defendant’s alleged Representations in relation to the fundraising
efforts for SSI, and his business in TECM. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

Defendant’s submissions at paras 45-48.

Second, contrary to the Plaintiffs’ submissions, paragraph 26(d) was not
relevant to showing the Defendant’s state of mind in making the
Representations at the material time. This was especially because the
statements contained in paragraph 26(d) were different from those set out in
the ASOF. In any event, the matters in the ASOF were not strikingly similar to
the present case. Finally, the statements in paragraph 26(d) did not even
prove that the Defendant had made any fraudulent misrepresentations at all. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

Defendant’s submissions at para 51.

36 In the alternative, based on largely the same arguments, the Defendant
argued that the inclusion of paragraph 26(d) was scandalous, frivolous and
vexatious in containing imputations that were obviously unsustainable, that it
would delay the fair trial of the action by bringing in unrelated actions of
the Defendant, and that its inclusion was an abuse of the process of the
court.

The issues on appeal

37 In light of the foregoing, three main issues arose for consideration in
this appeal, which were as follows:

(a) Was paragraph 26(d) relevant to proving the state of mind of the
Defendant?

(b) Were the contents of paragraph 26(d) otherwise relevant to the Suit?

(c) Would the inclusion of paragraph 26(d) unduly delay proceedings in the
Suit?

The applicable legal principles

38 The four grounds upon which the Court may strike out any pleading are set
out in O 18 r 19(1) of the Rules of Court:

Striking out pleadings and endorsements (O. 18, r. 19)

19.—(1) The Court may at any stage of the proceedings order to be struck out
or amended any pleading or the endorsement of any writ in the action, or
anything in any pleading or in the endorsement, on the ground that —

(a) it discloses no reasonable cause of action or defence, as the case may be;

(b) it is scandalous, frivolous or vexatious;

(c) it may prejudice, embarrass or delay the fair trial of the action; or

(d) it is otherwise an abuse of the process of the Court,

and may order the action to be stayed or dismissed or judgment to be entered
accordingly, as the case may be.

39 The guiding principles behind each of four grounds for striking out under O
18 r 19(1) are clearly established. I shall briefly set them out below:

(a) O 18 r 19(1)(a): “it discloses no reasonable cause of action”. This
involves an action which does not even have “some chance of success when only
the allegations in the pleading are considered”: Gabriel Peter & Partners
(suing as a firm) v Wee Chong Jin and others [1997] 3 SLR(R) 649 (“Gabriel
Peter”) at [21].

(b) O 18 r 19(1)(b): “it is scandalous, frivolous or vexatious”.

(i) A matter is “scandalous” where it does not even have a “tendency to show”
the truth of any allegation material to the relief sought: Lai Swee Lin Linda
v AG [2006] 2 SLR(R) 565 at [67], citing Christie v Christie (1872-1873) LR 8
Ch App 499 at 503.

(ii) “Frivolous or vexatious” means “obviously unsustainable” or “wrong”. A
case that is “plainly and obviously unsustainable” is one which is either
legally or factually unsustainable. A case is legally unsustainable if “it may
be clear as a matter of law at the outset that even if a party were to succeed
in proving all the facts that he offers to prove he will not be entitled to
the remedy that he seeks”. A case is factually unsustainable if it is
“possible to say with confidence before trial that the factual basis for the
claim is fanciful because it is entirely without substance, [for example, if
it is] clear beyond question that the statement of facts is contradicted by
all the documents or other material on which it is based”: The “Bunga Melati
5” [2012] 4 SLR 546 at [39].

(iii) O 18 r 19(1)(b) could also apply to a case where the party bringing an
action is not acting bona fide and merely wishes to annoy or embarrass his
opponent, or where there was a lack of purpose or seriousness in the party’s
conduct of proceedings: The “Osprey” [1999] 3 SLR(R) 1099 at [8].

(c) O 18 r 19(1)(c): “it may prejudice, embarrass or delay the fair trial of
the action”. Pleadings which could be struck out on this ground include those
which are unnecessary, which include improper or irrelevant details, or where
allegations unrelated to the issues were made for the purpose of embarrassing
or vexing the opposing party: see Jeffrey Pinsler SC, Principles of Civil
Procedure (Academy Publishing, 2013) at para 9.008.

(d) O 18 r 19(1)(d): “it is otherwise an abuse of the process of the Court”.
An abuse of process of court means using the court machinery as a means of
vexation and oppression in the process of litigation. For example, where a
claim is brought not for the purposes of relief but for some other collateral
or ulterior motive: Gabriel Peter at [22].

40 I should state at the outset that I was fully cognisant that the court
should only exercise its power to strike out in “plain and obvious cases”. I
was therefore careful not to carry out a minute and protracted examination of
the documents and the facts of the case in reaching my decision: see Gabriel
Peter at [18] and The “Osprey” [1999] 3 SLR(R) 1099 at [6].

The Decision

41 I now come to my decision on this appeal. I shall deal with each of the
three issues at [37] above in turn.

Was paragraph 26(d) relevant to proving the state of mind of the Defendant?

42 The most critical question was whether paragraph 26(d) was relevant to
prove the state of mind of the Defendant at the material time. In this regard,
I noted the Plaintiffs’ position (at [21] above) that paragraph 26(d) was
based on the ASOF in the Defendant’s conviction under s 82(1) of the
Securities and Futures Act.

43 At the hearing before me on 27 June 2016, there was no dispute that s 82(1)
of the Securities and Futures Act sets out a strict liability offence. The
Defendant’s mens rea (ie, state of mind) therefore need not be proved in order
to sustain his conviction. In other words, the Defendant’s plea of guilt and
subsequent conviction would not have been conclusive on the issue of whether
he had any fraudulent intent at the time of the offence. Further, the
Defendant also did not admit anywhere in the ASOF that he had the intention to
cheat or defraud the investors of TECM. The ASOF only stated that the
Defendant had carried out the objectionable act of “offer[ing] to persons
agreements to subscribe for securities in [TECM]”, without any comment on the
Defendant’s state of mind.

44 On this fundamental premise, I could not see how paragraph 26(d) of the
SOC, which was based on the ASOF and the TECM project, could be used as
evidence to prove the Defendant’s state of mind at the relevant time, and
especially so in respect of the Representations complained of in connection
with the agreement to raise funds for the Solvesam project. Indeed, the ASOF
and conviction for the s 82(1) offence did not even have a “tendency to show”
the fraudulent state of mind the Defendant allegedly had when making the
Representations. Leaving paragraph 26(d) in the SOC would only serve to
prejudice the Defendant’s case or embarrass him.

45 Consequently, I did not consider it necessary to make a ruling as to
whether the contents of paragraph 26(d) were “strikingly similar” to the
present case such as to make them relevant facts under ss 14 and/or 15 of the
Evidence Act. I should add for completeness that even if I had found that
paragraph 26(d) might be relevant to the state of mind of the Defendant at the
material time (which I did not), the question of admissibility of such similar
fact evidence should in any case be left to the trial judge who would be in
the best position to make the assessment at the appropriate junction after due
submissions from the parties on the law.

Were the contents of paragraph 26(d) otherwise relevant to the Suit?

46 Having considered that paragraph 26(d) was not relevant in proving the
state of mind of the Defendant, the second issue was whether it was
nonetheless closely connected to the Suit such as to be relevant. After
careful consideration, I was of the view that it was not. This was for the
following reasons.

47 First, it was clear that the Representations made by the Defendant as
pleaded at paragraph 23 of the SOC and stated at [13] above, bore little
relation to the fundraising exercise at TECM described in paragraph 26(d) of
the SOC. To recapitulate, the three purported Representations made by the
Defendant in the Suit at hand were as follows:

(a) The Defendant intended to lead the fundraising exercise in the name of SSI
without any links back to Tecbiz;

(b) The funds raised under the subscription agreement had to be under the
Defendant’s control, because the potential investor only trusted the
Defendant; and

(c) The Defendant intended to procure the transfer and disbursement of
US$900,000 to each of the Plaintiffs and the Defendant.

The Representations complained of in the Suit did not even refer to the
promise to potential investors that SSI was due to be listed on the NASDAQ,
when this was a crucial representation made by the Defendant in the
fundraising exercise of TECM.

48 I also did not accept the Plaintiffs’ argument that the website hosted in
China (see [31] above) constituted evidence of some relationship between the
fundraising in TECM and that in SSI. As the Defendant’s counsel pointed out
during the hearing of this appeal, the website referred to by the Plaintiffs
was a personal blog and could hardly be relied on as an objective commentary
on the connection, if any, between the two companies. Further, the reference
to TECM merely appeared at the bottom of the webpage, without any
corresponding description or explanation, 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

Defendants’ submissions at para 46.

and was of no assistance to the Court.

49 For the above reasons, I could not see how the reference to the fundraising
efforts in TECM outlined in paragraph 26(d) could be relied on to prove that
the Representations in this Suit were similarly false, or that the Defendant
must have had fraudulent intent at the time of making those Representations.
Fundamentally, the representations made in each case were different, and there
was no satisfactory evidence to show that the fundraisings were at all
related.

Did the inclusion of paragraph 26(d) unduly delay the present proceedings?

50 The final question was whether allowing paragraph 26(d) to remain in the
SOC would unduly delay the fair trial of the Suit. In this respect, I noted
that the AR said paragraph 26(d) was “relatively contained” and “appear[ed] to
[contain] straightforward matters of fact”. She opined that it was “more or
less taken from an [ASOF] which the Defendant had agreed to on a prior
occasion” and that these facts were “unlikely to be seriously disputed”. As a
result, she was of the view that the trial “would not be delayed on account of
this paragraph”.

51 With respect, I did not think that the situation was quite as clear. In the
course of the submissions, it became evident that paragraph 26(d) would become
a substantial bone of contention in the Suit, even at the interlocutory stages
such as during discovery and the preparation of affidavits of evidence-in-
chief. At the discovery stage, for example, the Defendant would be obliged to
provide discovery of all relevant documents that could adversely affect his
own case, or support the Plaintiffs’ case (see O 24 r 1(2) of the Rules of
Court). This would almost certainly require the disclosure of all relevant
documents relating to the Defendant’s previous offence, above and beyond the
ASOF and conviction already referred to. Indeed, counsel for the Plaintiffs
was unable to commit to limiting the documents he would be relying on to only
the ASOF and conviction. Moreover, he candidly admitted during the hearing
that the inclusion of paragraph 26(d) would allow him to seek specific
discovery of other documents which would lead him to a “train of inquiry” to
obtain the information he needed (see O 24 r 5 of the Rules of Court). These
would, in my mind, invariably lead to interlocutory applications being filed
and vigorously opposed.

52 Further, I was also of the view that the inclusion of paragraph 26(d) would
unduly lengthen the actual trial. The Defendant had already raised contentions
in his submissions and during the hearing of this appeal that paragraph 26(d)
was not even an accurate summary of the ASOF. For example, he said that the
ASOF did not state that the Defendant sought to “entice investors” by claiming
that TECM was due to list on the NASDAQ. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

Defendant’s submissions at para 52(a).

The Defendant also submitted that if paragraph 26(d) was allowed to remain in
the SOC, he would certainly have to dispute the Plaintiffs’ allegations by way
of “both evidence and submissions”. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

Defendant’s submissions at para 68.

I was therefore not convinced that the statements in paragraph 26(d) were
“unlikely to be seriously disputed”. Instead, I envisaged that a not
insubstantial amount of evidence would need to be led, with additional
witnesses called for the trial, if paragraph 26(d) was not struck out.

Conclusion

53 For the above reasons, I allowed the Defendant’s appeal. Accordingly, I
ordered that:

(a) Paragraph 26(d) of the SOC be struck out; and

(b) The words “paragraph 26(b)-(d)” in paragraph 27 of the SOC be struck out
and replaced with the words “paragraph 26(b)-(c)”.

54 I further ordered costs of S$5,000 (excluding reasonable disbursements) to
be paid by the Plaintiffs to the Defendant. Costs of S$2,400 ordered by the AR
for the hearing below and previously paid by the Defendant to the Plaintiffs
(see [28] above) was to be returned to the Defendant.

George Wei

Judge

  
Priscylia Wu and Lim Yao Jun (Drew & Napier LLC) for the
plaintiffs/respondents;

N Sreenivasan SC, Andrew Heng and Claire Tan (Straits Law Practice LLC) for
the defendant/appellant.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:40 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

