Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the republic of singapore

[2016] SGHC 236

Magistrate’s Appeal No 144 of 2015

Between

Jeganathan Ramasamy  
---  
  
… Appellant

And

Public Prosecutor  
---  
  
… Respondent

Judgment

[Criminal Law] — [Offences] — [Property] — [Criminal Breach of Trust]

[Criminal Procedure and Sentencing] — [Appeal] — [Acquittal]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Jeganathan Ramasamy

  
v

  

Public Prosecutor

[2016] SGHC 236

High Court — Magistrate’s Appeal No 144 of 2015  
See Kee Oon JC  
8 July 2016

20 October 2016 Judgment reserved.

See Kee Oon JC:

Introduction

1 The appellant, Jeganathan Ramasamy, has appealed against the learned trial
judge’s decision to convict him of two charges of criminal breach of trust
(“CBT”) by a public servant under s 409 of the Penal Code (Cap 224, 2008 Rev
Ed). The charges state that the appellant dishonestly misappropriated two
“Apple iPad 2” devices (“the Two iPad 2s”), which had been entrusted to him in
his capacity as the director of the Technology Department of the Singapore
Civil Defence Force (“the SDCF”) in September 2011, by

(a) converting them to his own use by giving one of the Two iPad 2s to his
daughter for her personal use; and

(b) selling the other to his colleague for a sum of $200.

The appellant was sentenced to ten weeks’ imprisonment for each of the two
charges, with both sentences to run concurrently. The trial judge’s grounds of
decision are reported as Public Prosecutor v Jeganathan Ramasamy [2016] SGDC
40.

2 Both before the trial judge and on appeal, it is undisputed that the
appellant received the Two iPad 2s from NCS Pte Ltd (“NCS”), a vendor of the
SCDF, and that he had given one to his daughter and sold the other to his
colleague, Mr Eric Yap Wee Teck (“Mr Yap”). At that time, Mr Yap was the
senior director of Emergency Services in the SCDF. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Record of Proceedings (“ROP”) volume (“Vol”) 1 at p 585.

What is in dispute is (a) whether the Two iPad 2s were the property of the
SCDF which had been entrusted to the appellant or whether they were his
personal property, a point which goes towards the actus reus of the offences;
and (b) even assuming that the Two iPad 2s had indeed been so entrusted,
whether the appellant had mistakenly believed that they were his personal
property and thus did not have the requisite mens rea to commit the offences.
On appeal, counsel for the appellant, Mr Sanjiv Rajan (“Mr Rajan”), focuses on
the second issue. The crux of the defence is that the appellant and the
relevant NCS staff were at the very least talking at cross-purposes, in
relation to why the Two iPad 2s were procured and handed over to the
appellant. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Appellant’s submissions at para 36.

Mr Rajan submits that the trial judge erred in not finding that the appellant
was labouring under the mistaken impression that the Two iPad 2s were
purchased by the staff from NCS for the appellant for his personal use.

3 I shall proceed to set out the background facts to provide the necessary
context before going into the parties’ arguments, summarising the trial
judge’s decision and finally giving my decision. Unless otherwise specified,
the facts in the next section are undisputed and are mostly extracted from the
Statement of Agreed Facts. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Statement of Agreed Facts (ROP, Vol 2 at p 416 - 418).

Background facts

4 The appellant was the director of the Technology Department of the SCDF from
1 August 2007 to 11 September 2012. In that capacity, the appellant’s job
scope included, among other things, overseeing the implementation and
maintenance of Info-Comm Technology (“ICT”) systems in the SCDF and evaluating
new ICT systems to improve the SCDF’s operational and administrative
processes. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

Statement of Agreed Facts at para 3 (ROP, Vol 2 at p 416).

5 In February 2011, the Infocomm Development Authority of Singapore (“IDA”),
which has since been restructured to form the Government Technology Agency
(GovTech), invited participants from the SCDF to enrol in a trial which
involved the use of iPads within the standard operating environment, commonly
referred to as “SOE” (“the IDA trial”). 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

Statement of Agreed Facts at para 5 (ROP, Vol 2 at p 416).

The IDA trial was focused on providing the functionality of access to “SOE
emails” through the use of Apple iPads. On the appellant’s directions, the
SCDF registered for the trial. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

Statement of Agreed Facts at para 5 (ROP, Vol 2 at p 416).

A few months later, in July 2011, the SCDF raised an invitation to quote
(“ITQ”) to invite vendors to put in bids for the supply of various equipment,
including Apple iPad 2s, which were needed for the IDA trial. Two vendors,
Genesis IT Services and New Vision Electronics, were successful in the ITQ and
were each to supply two iPad 2s to the SCDF. There was some delay before the
iPad 2s were delivered. On 22 September 2011, the appellant received an Apple
iPad 2 installed with the relevant software for the IDA trial. This iPad 2 is
neither the subject of either charge nor directly relevant to them, but I
include a reference to it as well as some details on the IDA trial in this
brief narrative as both parties have alluded to these aspects as part of their
case.

6 On 7 September 2011, the appellant had a meeting (“the meeting”) on the
premises of the SCDF with three staff members from NCS. This was a few weeks
before he received the iPad 2 that was procured for the purpose of the IDA
trial. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

Statement of Agreed Facts at para 11 (ROP Vol 2 at p 417).

NCS, a subsidiary of Singapore Telecommunications Ltd (“SingTel”), is a system
integrator that develops software for its customers, one of which is the SCDF.
The three staff members from NCS at the meeting were (a) the group general
manager, Mr Wong Soon Nam (“Mr Wong”); (b) the director of Business
Development, Ms Esther Goh Tok Mui (“Ms Goh”); and (c) the director of
Integrated Solutions, Ms Tan Chien Mien (“Ms Tan”). I will refer to them
collectively as “the NCS staff”. The meeting was arranged as NCS wanted to
assure the SCDF that it would resolve a problem which had arisen in respect of
a project that they were collaborating on. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

ROP Vol 1 at p 14.

7 After the meeting, the parties went to the SCDF officers’ mess for a coffee
break. While they were chatting, the appellant noticed that some of the NCS
staff were using the Apple iPad 2. He was informed that they had bought the
Apple iPad 2s using their NCS staff discount.

8 The Prosecution and the appellant dispute what transpired thereafter in the
officers’ mess. The Prosecution’s case is that the parties reached an
agreement that NCS would provide iPad 2s to the SCDF for the purpose of a
trial concerning general mobility and applications that NCS would be rolling
out in future for the SCDF. The appellant, on the other hand, asserts that
there was no such agreement; instead, Mr Wong had agreed to see if there was a
way he could help the appellant procure iPad 2s for his personal use.

9 On 8 September 2011, a day after the meeting, the appellant sent Mr Wong a
text message stating “I am serious about the iPAD … Any good news”. Mr Wong
replied, through a text message, “[c]ertainly. It is considered done. Esther
[ie, Ms Goh] is arranging”.

10 A few days later, on 13 September 2011, the appellant sent a text message
to NCS’s deputy director of Business Development, Mr Yee Siew Wai, Stanley
(“Mr Yee”), asking him “[s]o when is the ipad2 coming … Pse note I will have
to pay”. Mr Yee thereafter informed him on 15 September 2011 that the Two iPad
2s had arrived and delivered them to him in his office. The Prosecution and
the appellant again put forward different accounts of what transpired when Mr
Yee met the appellant to pass him the Two iPad 2s, but it seems to be common
ground that the appellant had asked Mr Yee how much he needed to pay for the
Two iPad 2s and was told to check with Mr Wong.

11 More than a week later, on 26 September 2011, the appellant and Mr Wong
exchanged a series of text messages which both the Prosecution and the
appellant place considerable emphasis on but in different ways. The series of
text messages read as follows:

The appellant: Friend, thank you for the F1 tickets. For the IPad2, can you
tell me the amount I have to pay..

Mr Wong: The iPad2 is meant for all the new mobile apps that we are rolling
out for Scdf and for you to trial

Mr Wong: So this is tool to facilitate testing

The appellant: Noted…

12 The appellant says that he had simply replied “[n]oted” because he was in a
meeting when he received Mr Wong’s messages. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

Appellant’s skeletal submissions at para 61.

The Prosecution, on the other hand, argues that such a reply was clearly sent
in acknowledgement to what Mr Wong had conveyed – that the Two iPad 2s were
for the purposes of trial.

13 The phone records show that Mr Wong called the appellant about four minutes
after that series of text messages was exchanged. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

ROP Vol 2 at p 661.

According to the appellant, Mr Wong told him in this call to try out the Two
iPad 2s before they discuss the price. The Prosecution does not accept this.
Mr Wong initially gave evidence that he did not call the appellant but later
said, when he was shown the call records, that he could not remember the
contents of the phone call or the fact that it was made. That night, Mr Wong
forwarded the same series of text messages to Ms Goh. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

Respondent’s skeletal arguments at para 10.

14 Subsequently, the appellant gave one of the Two iPad 2s to his daughter for
her use and sold the other to Mr Yap for $200.

15 The Corrupt Practices Investigation Bureau (“the CPIB”) began
investigations into the alleged offences sometime in January 2012. Nearly two
months later on 6 March 2012, NCS sent a letter to the SCDF making reference
to the purported loan of the Two iPad 2s to the SCDF since 15 September 2011
and indicating that the purported trial that the Two iPad 2s were supposedly
meant for had concluded. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

ROP Vol 2 at p 656.

It is undisputed that this was the first time that NCS had sent any official
correspondence to the SCDF in respect of the Two iPad 2s.

The parties’ cases below

The Prosecution’s case

16 The Prosecution’s case was that the Two iPad 2s were on loan from NCS for
the purpose of a trial concerning general mobility and applications which NCS
would roll out for the SCDF in future, and were entrusted to the appellant in
his capacity as the director of the department. It submits that the appellant
had dishonestly misappropriated them with full knowledge of this purpose.

17 Relying on the evidence of the NCS staff who had testified at trial, the
Prosecution submitted that the NCS staff and the appellant reached an
agreement during the meeting in the officers’ mess on 7 September 2011 that
NCS would loan the Two iPad 2s to the SCDF for the purposes of a trial. It
argued that as supported by the evidence given by Mr Yee, 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

this purpose was again told to the appellant by Mr Yee when he delivered the
Two iPad 2s to him on 13 September 2011. It further argued that even if the
appellant had for some reason been labouring under the wrong impression, the
text messages sent by Mr Wong on 26 September 2011, which are set out at [11]
above, must have made it absolutely clear to him that the Two iPad 2s were
loaned to the SCDF for the purposes of a trial and were not sold to the
appellant for his personal use. It argued that he could not have been mistaken
from that point on. In this regard, the Prosecution also referred to the fact
that Mr Wong had forwarded the series of text messages to Ms Goh that night,
which on his evidence, was for the reason of keeping her in the loop on what
he had communicated to the appellant about the purpose of the Two iPad 2s. The
Prosecution submitted that this must mean that contrary to the appellant’s
assertion (see [11] above), the appellant and Mr Wong did not say anything
that detracted from the contents of the text messages in the subsequent phone
conversation.

The appellant’s defence

18 The appellant’s defence was that the Two iPad 2s were meant for his
personal purchase and thus neither the actus reus nor the mens rea of the
offences was made out. His version of the events was that on 7 September 2011,
while they were in the officers’ mess, he had a discussion with the NCS staff
about purchasing iPad 2s for his personal use and Mr Wong had promised to
check and get back to him. In the alternative, the appellant argued that at
the very least, he had wrongly thought that the Two iPad 2s were for his
personal purchase as he had been talking at cross-purposes with the NCS staff.
He submitted that because of his mistaken state of mind, he did not have the
mens rea to commit the offences even if the actus reus was made out.

19 In support of his defence, the appellant relied on the evidence of some of
the Prosecution’s witnesses as well as objective evidence such as
contemporaneous phone records and text messages. Starting with the meeting in
the officers’ mess on 7 September 2011, the appellant pointed to Ms Tan’s
evidence in cross-examination that the appellant had asked whether there was
“any other means” to buy the iPad 2s after he was told that they could not
obtain the iPad 2s for him using their staff discount. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

ROP vol 1 at p 499.

Next, he referred to the text messages he sent the following day to Mr Wong in
which he emphasised that he was serious about the iPad 2s and asked if there
was any good news. He also relied heavily on his repeated attempts to enquire
about the payment of the Two iPad 2s from Mr Wong or Mr Yee, many of which are
supported by objective evidence in the form of text messages. The appellant
further pointed out that NCS did not load any application into the Two iPad 2s
which were delivered in mint condition and did not follow up on the Two iPad
2s in the three to four months from September 2011 to January 2012. He
contended that these demonstrated that the Two iPad 2s were not provided for
the SCDF’s official use or for trial. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

Appellant’s skeletal submissions at para 52.

The decision below

20 The trial judge convicted the appellant on both charges after a 12-day
trial. He found that the Two iPad 2s were not the appellant’s personal
property but had been entrusted to him by the SCDF for the purposes of a
trial, and that he knew that they were entrusted for this purpose and was not
labouring under any mistaken belief in dealing with them in the manner he did.

21 On the point of entrustment, the trial judge relied on four main points.
First, he relied on the evidence of the NCS staff who were present at the
discussion in the officers’ mess on 7 September 2011, namely Mr Wong, Ms Goh
and Ms Tan. All three had testified that they did not recall that any one of
them had agreed to look into the possibility of getting iPad 2s for the
appellant’s personal purchase.

22 Second, the trial judge found the conduct of the parties, in particular the
NCS staff, after the meeting to be consistent with the Prosecution’s case that
the Two iPad 2s were on loan to the SCDF. He found the series of messages
exchanged between Ms Wong and the appellant on 8 September 2011 to be, at
best, a neutral piece of evidence, which was equally consistent with an
understanding that the iPad 2s were urgently needed for the purpose of
testing. The trial judge found the manner in which the NCS staff, specifically
Ms Goh, had arranged for the purchase of the Two iPad 2s to be significant and
telling. He noted that she had raised a requisition form within NCS and had
stated on the form that the Two iPad 2s were for “customer testing”, which
were steps consistent with an official purchase rather than a purchase by NCS
on behalf of the appellant.

23 Third, the trial judge placed considerable emphasis on the text messages
the appellant exchanged with Mr Wong on 26 September 2011. He held that it was
clear from a plain reading of those text messages that the Two iPad 2s were
meant for the trial of applications that NCS would eventually roll out for the
SCDF. To his mind, the message conveyed in those text messages, in particular
the words “this is tool for testing”, was “straightforward and unambiguous”.
The trial judge rejected the appellant’s explanation of how he had understood
the messages and why he had replied “noted”, discounting it as being
“contorted and contrived”. He did not think that Mr Wong would have taken such
liberty as to peremptorily dictate, in such specific terms no less, how the
appellant was to use the Two iPad 2s, had they indeed been intended for his
personal usage.

24 Fourth, the trial judge placed weight on the fact that the appellant’s case
was inconsistent and irreconcilable with the account that the appellant had
given to Mr Yap a day after the appellant was interviewed by the CPIB. Mr Yap
had given evidence that the appellant had told him that he had approached NCS
to request two iPad 2s for testing, and the two iPad 2s “became surplus” after
they were delivered because Singtel had supplied him with two iPad 2s that he
had earlier asked for (presumably for the IDA trial). The trial judge noted
that the appellant did not seek to challenge Mr Yap’s recollection. Taking
this in the light of the other evidence, the trial judge concluded that there
was no doubt in his mind that the appellant had only formed the idea of
purchasing the Two iPad 2s after they “became surplus” (ie, after the iPad 2s
that were ordered for the purposes of the IDA trial arrived).

25 Having established that the appellant had been entrusted with the Two iPad
2s, the trial judge moved on to the issue of whether the appellant was under a
mistaken belief that the Two iPad 2s were for his personal purchase. The trial
judge noted that there was evidence that the appellant had asked for the price
of the Two iPad 2s and had also expressed an intention to pay for them, but
was satisfied that the appellant was not under any such mistaken belief
notwithstanding those pieces of evidence. He noted the appellant’s account
that the discussion on the iPad 2s at the meeting centred on the issue of
personal purchase, but found that this was not corroborated by any of the
others who were present. He also found the appellant’s indifference to the
price and specifications of the Two iPad 2s to be inconsistent with the
actions of a person who was buying the Two iPad 2s. Importantly, the trial
judge found that even if the appellant had genuinely harboured some
misunderstanding about the Two iPad 2s, no such misunderstanding could have
been possible after the exchange of text messages he had with Mr Wong on 26
September 2011.

26 Finally, the trial judge was also of the view that the appellant’s
credibility had been impugned by the numerous inconsistencies in the accounts
that the appellant gave (a) in court; (b) to Mr Yap in January 2012; and (c)
in his statement to the CPIB in January 2012.

Arguments on appeal

27 The parties’ cases on appeal are largely similar to their positions in the
court below, save that the appellant appears to have elected to focus more on
his alternative argument. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

Appellant’s submission at para 3.

This argument is essentially that at the very least, even if NCS had supplied
the Two iPad 2s to the SCDF for official reasons, he did not act dishonestly
as he had always been under the impression, albeit a mistaken one, that the
Two iPad 2s were for his personal purchase and use. Given that the appellant
has adopted such an approach, I will correspondingly focus my analysis on the
issue of mens rea. Where necessary, I will elaborate on the arguments of the
parties in my analysis below.

My decision

28 Having examined the evidence and the parties’ submissions, I am of the view
that both the accounts of the Prosecution and the appellant are equally
reasonable and plausible. It must necessarily follow that there is reasonable
doubt that renders the conviction unsafe. I shall set out below my reasons for
arriving at this conclusion.

29 I should state at the outset that I do not agree with the trial judge’s key
finding that the appellant could not have had any mistaken belief that the Two
iPad 2s were for his personal purchase because it had been made clear to him
that they were meant to be loaned to the SCDF for the purposes of trial. In my
assessment, and with respect, there is room for considerable doubt as to
whether the parties might have at the very least been talking at cross-
purposes. The appellant’s conduct and text messages up to, and including, the
text messages he exchanged with Mr Wong on 26 September 2011 are, in my view,
objectively capable of being understood as being consistent with his defence
that he was under the impression that the Two iPad 2s were procured for his
personal purchase.

The evidence of the NCS staff about the meeting

30 The evidence given by the NCS staff weighs largely against the appellant.
Their unanimous testimonies were that an agreement had been reached after the
meeting for NCS to supply the SCDF with iPad 2s for the purposes of trial. But
it cannot be ignored that Ms Tan’s evidence at the very least corroborates the
appellant’s account that he had asked whether they could help him purchase
iPad 2s for his personal use. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

ROP Vol 1 at p 497, lines 11 to 17.

She also testified that he had gone on to ask whether they could help him to
purchase the iPad 2s for his personal use by other means 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

ROP Vol 1 at p 499, lines 7 and 8, and p 506, lines 23 to 25.

after they informed him that they were not able to obtain them at staff
discount for him, but she was not able to recall how they had responded. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

ROP Vol 1 at p 499, line 10.

The text message on 8 September 2011

31 Moving next to the text message that the appellant sent to Mr Wong the
following day where he said “I am serious about the iPAD … Any good news” and
Mr Wong replied “[c]ertainly. It is considered done. [Ms Goh] is arranging”, I
agree with the trial judge that this should be regarded as a piece of neutral
evidence that could support either case. Where we depart is that he thinks it
is at best neutral while my view is that it is at least neutral.

32 In my view, the fact that the appellant had asked whether there was any
“good news” and reiterated that he was serious about the iPad 2s could be
understood as being more consistent with the appellant’s account that he was
under the impression that Mr Wong would help him check if he could help him
buy the iPad 2s and was thus following up. In fact, beyond the appellant’s
state of mind, I find it difficult to understand why there would have been a
need for the appellant to send such a message if, going by the Prosecution’s
case, the NCS staff and the appellant had already reached an agreement the day
before for NCS to provide the Two iPad 2s to the SCDF for trial. I did not
find the Prosecution’s submission that by “good news”, the appellant was
referring to whether the iPad 2s could be swiftly delivered to be persuasive.
For one, this is not consistent with the account of the NCS staff, in
particular Ms Goh, that the appellant was initially reluctant for iPad 2s to
be introduced into the SCDF as he was concerned whether that might compromise
cyber security. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

ROP vol 1 at p 177 - 178.

There appears to be no reason why the appellant, who was initially reluctant
and had to be persuaded, would suddenly want the iPad 2s to be urgently given
to the SCDF. But I do not think it is necessary for me to come to a definitive
finding on this issue. Ultimately, I am of the view that it is best to treat
this text message as a neutral piece of evidence given that it is neither
comprehensive nor unequivocal, and is capable of subjectively different
interpretations.

Subsequent communication between the parties

33 The evidence that most strongly supports the appellant’s case and raises
considerable doubt in my mind as to the guilt of the appellant is the fact
that the appellant had made repeated attempts to pay for the Two iPad 2s. It
is undisputed that the appellant had asked to make payment or asked about the
price of the Two iPad 2s on the following occasions:

(a) in his text message to Mr Yee on 13 September 2011 in which he asked “[s]o
when is the ipad2 coming … Pse note I will have to pay” (see [10] above);

(b) when he met Mr Yee on 15 September 2011 and asked Mr Yee how much he
needed to pay for the Two iPad 2s and was told to check with Mr Wong (see [10]
above); and

(c) in his text message to Mr Wong on 26 September 2011, in which he asked Mr
Wong to “tell [him] the amount [he has] to pay” (see [11] above).

34 The appellant argues that apart from these three instances, he had asked Mr
Wong about the price of the Two iPad 2s on other occasions. He says that he
spoke to Mr Wong over the phone on 16 September 2011 and had asked Mr Wong how
much he needed to pay for them, to which Mr Wong replied that he would check
and get back to him. He also asserts that he had followed up on the issue of
payment over two phone calls with Mr Wong on 25 October 2011. The appellant
also claims to have attempted to contact Mr Wong on several occasions from
then till December 2011 but was unable to do so as Mr Wong was overseas. The
Prosecution does not – and cannot – dispute that these calls, which are
reflected in the phone records, had taken place. It contends, however, that
the appellant did not speak to Mr Wong about the issue of payment during these
conversations and relies on Mr Wong’s evidence for this argument. In the main,
Mr Wong’s evidence is that he is unable to recall the contents of the
conversations but nonetheless doubts that they had spoken about payment or he
would have asked his staff to follow up on that.

35 Despite this being a rather contentious issue in the trial below, I do not
think it is necessary for me to focus my attention on whether the appellant
had indeed spoken to Mr Wong about the issue of payment on those “other
occasions”. Of greater importance is the undisputed fact that he had asked
about the price of the Two iPad 2s and to make payment not merely once but
three times (as set out at [33] above). This sits uncomfortably with the
Prosecution’s case. Had the Two iPad 2s been provided for official purposes
for the SCDF, or more importantly had he known that they had been provided for
such purposes, there would be no reason why he would have been concerned about
the issue of payment. His conduct is more consistent with that of a person who
was buying the Two iPad 2s for himself or who had thought that the Two iPad 2s
were for his own purchase.

36 I am unable to find any satisfactory answer from the evidence or the
submissions of the Prosecution that negates this key feature of the
appellant’s defence. The Prosecution argues that his enquiries about payment
are “not conclusive” about his genuine belief as they are contradicted by the
evidence of the NCS staff that the agreement was that the Two iPad 2s were on
loan to the SCDF. I do not find this persuasive. The evidence of the NCS staff
represents their states of mind and may at best be a factor to take into
account when assessing the appellant’s state of mind. Their evidence does not,
however, conclusively negate the objective evidence that shows that the
appellant had sought to make payment, which points to a different state of
mind that he may have had.

37 Next, the Prosecution argues that the appellant’s behaviour was
inconsistent with that of a person genuinely interested in buying the Two iPad
2s as he was indifferent to the colour, price or specifications of the Two
iPad 2s. I do not find this argument convincing, especially in the light of
the explanation given by the appellant. He said that he had been eager to get
his hands on the iPad 2s as they had just been released and were hard to get
on the open market; to my mind, this explanation is entirely reasonable.

38 The Prosecution’s strongest argument is that even if the court infers from
the appellant’s attempts to pay that the appellant had such a mistaken belief,
any such mistaken belief would have been corrected and could no longer have
existed after Mr Yee allegedly told him on 15 September 2011 that the Two iPad
2s were meant for the SCDF to use for trial. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

Respondent’s skeletal arguments at para 51.

At the very latest, the appellant ought no longer be mistaken by 26 September
2011 when Mr Wong reiterated the purpose of the Two iPad 2s to him and he
replied “noted” in acknowledgement. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

Respondent’s skeletal arguments at para 61.

39 I am not persuaded by the Prosecution’s argument. There is no objective
evidence to support Mr Yee’s account that he had indeed told the appellant
that the Two iPad 2s were meant for trial when he delivered the Two iPad 2s.
Further, there also exists incontrovertible evidence that the appellant still
continued to ask Mr Wong about the price of the Two iPad 2s even after
speaking to Mr Yee on 15 September 2011. On a separate but related note, I
also note Mr Yee’s evidence that Ms Goh had replied “let [the appellant] check
with [Mr Wong]” 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

ROP vol 1 p 540.

when he returned to NCS and recounted to her that the appellant had asked him
about payment. In my assessment, if Ms Goh had truly responded in this fashion
to Mr Yee, ie, to advise that the appellant should check with Mr Wong, it is
plainly inconsistent with the Prosecution’s case. Had there been a clear
agreement or understanding all along between the parties that the Two iPad 2s
were meant for testing, it is curious that Ms Goh would have replied to Mr
Yee’s query along those lines. Rather, it would have been only natural and
logical for her to dismiss any query about payment. Indeed, one would imagine
that she would have been perplexed as to why there was even any talk about
payment.

40 I turn next to the series of text messages the appellant exchanged with Mr
Wong on 26 September 2011. This is indisputably the most crucial piece of
evidence against the appellant. The trial judge gave considerable weight to
this aspectand found it to be almost decisive. To him, Mr Wong’s replies were
couched in “very simple English”, and were “straightforward and unambiguous”
in conveying that the iPad 2s were “for trial by SCDF”. The trial judge was of
the view that Mr Wong’s replies were framed in peremptory language and in
specific terms on how the appellant was to use the Two iPad 2s. To
recapitulate, the text messages read as follows:

The appellant: Friend, thank you for the F1 tickets. For the IPad2, can you
tell me the amount I have to pay..

Mr Wong: the iPad2 is meant for all the new mobile apps that we are rolling
out for Scdf and for you to trial

Mr Wong: So this is tool to facilitate testing.

The appellant: Noted…

41 I accept that on its face, this brief exchange of text messages would
appear to support the Prosecution’s case. But with great respect, I differ
from the trial judge’s understanding of the meaning and cogency of these
messages. I do not think that they can properly be considered to be conclusive
evidence that renders the appellant’s case untenable.

42 Fundamentally, I do not agree that Mr Wong’s replies are “straightforward
and unambiguous”. Text messages are what they are: short messages which can be
grammatically incorrect and contain typographical errors. They are convenient
short-cuts, or substitutes for actual conversation or full written
correspondence. As a result, they can be fertile ground for miscommunication
and consequent misinterpretation. Imprecise or ambiguous language used in such
an exchange might well reflect that the parties are talking at cross-purposes.
In the midst of Mr Rajan’s cross-examination of Mr Wong on this exchange of
text messages, the trial judge commented that “people are not precise in their
language when they communicate using [text messages] and WhatsApp”. This would
seem to suggest that the trial judge had in fact acknowledged the real
possibility of miscommunication arising from the exchange of short text
messages. Yet despite his comments, the trial judge went on to chastise Mr
Rajan for “trying to split hairs” and for “trying to put the blame on [Mr
Wong] for not being precise”. With respect, the trial judge did not consider
that there was room for doubt as to the meaning of these text messages.

43 Mr Wong’s replies are hardly a model of clarity or precision, and cannot be
said to be unequivocal or complete. While he did say that the iPad 2 is meant
for the SCDF “to trial” and later that it is “[a] tool to facilitate testing”,
he did also say that the iPad 2 was meant for the appellant “to trial”. I find
it exceedingly curious that Mr Wong seemed to have deliberately omitted
addressing several details in his messages. Most tellingly, Mr Wong avoided
directly answering the appellant’s query about payment. He could simply have
said that no payment was expected, but he did not. He could have made
reference to their alleged agreement at the meeting and expressly clarified
that the Two iPad 2s were not for sale or for the appellant’s personal use,
but he did not. He could also have expressed surprise or confusion at why the
appellant was asking about payment, but he did not. This may be due to the
informal, brief nature of text messages, or may be a deliberate choice made by
Mr Wong not to make certain things clear for whatever reason.

44 The bottom line is that these messages do not encapsulate the entire
communication between them and are shorn of context. While I agree that they
might support the Prosecution’s case to a certain extent, I am quite unable to
accept that they are strongly decisive or conclusive evidence that would point
unambiguously towards the appellant’s guilty mind.

45 My conclusion is buttressed by the fact that the appellant and Mr Wong
exchanged a phone call, which lasted about two minutes, almost immediately
after the text messages were sent. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

ROP vol 1 at p 669.

Mr Wong was the one who called the appellant. The appellant’s evidence is that
Mr Wong had told him during this call to try out the Two iPad 2s first and
then they could talk about the price later. Mr Wong initially testified that
no such call took place. He later conceded that there was such a call when he
was shown the phone records, but said that he could not remember the contents
of the conversation. What was said in this immediate follow-up to the text
messages – which most certainly took place even though the contents of the
conversation are disputed – would likely have provided more context and could
change how we view or interpret the text messages. This further illustrates
how the text messages simpliciter cannot be taken to have encapsulated the
entire exchange between the parties or be fully reflective of their states of
mind. Taking this into account, the weight of the text messages in support of
the Prosecution’s case and against the appellant’s case must correspondingly
diminish.

Observations on other aspects of the evidence

46 Nonetheless, I agree with the trial judge that there are circumstances
apart from the text messages on 26 September 2011 that cast doubt on the
appellant’s case. These principally involve the inconsistencies between the
case he has put forward and the account that he gave to Mr Yap when they met
in January 2012, a day after the appellant was called in for investigations by
the CPIB.

47 According to Mr Yap, the appellant explained to him that the SCDF was going
to test a mobile mail system using iPads and he had asked SingTel to supply
two iPads for testing. When he was later told that the iPads could not be
supplied, he approached NCS and requested two iPad 2s for testing. But
subsequently, the Two iPad 2s provided by NCS became “surplus” after SingTel
supplied him with the iPad 2s that were originally promised, and that was when
he sold one to Mr Yap. The appellant did not challenge Mr Yap’s account (save
for pointing out that the supplier of two of the iPad 2s for the IDA trial was
New Vision Electronics and not SingTel) and in fact said that the account was
“largely accurate”. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

ROP vol 2 p 497; Appellant’s submissions at para 68.

He simply argued that Mr Yap’s evidence should not have much bearing because
he was not privy to the communications between the appellant and the NCS
staff. This argument does not address the crux of the issue, which is that
regardless of what Mr Yap knew or did not know, the appellant had told him a
different account of why and how the Two iPad 2s were procured.

48 Further, it is also undisputed that the appellant informed Mr Yap that he
had told the officers from the CPIB who interviewed him the day before that
the purpose of the Two iPad 2s was for “a trial … on [his] mobile mail”. This
contradicts the position he puts forward in the appeal, which is that he had
believed that the Two iPad 2s were meant for his personal purchase. I did not
find his explanation that “mobile mail” here refers to his personal “Yahoo”
mail to be persuasive.

49 But at the same time, there is also other evidence, apart from the
appellant’s repeated queries and attempts to make payment, that works against
the Prosecution’s case. Importantly, I do not think that the actions of the
appellant in passing one of the Two iPad 2s to his daughter and selling the
other to Mr Yap point irresistibly to him having a dishonest intent. I am
unable to comprehend why he would have done so if he had known either from the
start or after Mr Wong’s text messages on 26 September 2011 that the Two iPad
2s were meant for the SCDF. In particular, selling an item that does not
belong to you but to your organisation to a senior officer of your own
organisation simply goes against the grain of logic and common sense. It is
difficult to see why the appellant would have acted in such a brazenly
cavalier and foolhardy manner even if he had wanted to take the liberty to
pocket $200 – which is not, objectively speaking, a very large amount to be
enriched by – or benefit his daughter. While it is certainly not necessary for
the Prosecution to prove that an accused person had a motive to commit an
offence before a charge is made out, the absence of a reasonable motive is
still a relevant factor to take into account. In the present case, I cannot
discern any plausible reason why the appellant would have dealt with the Two
iPad 2s in the way he did had he truly been conscious that they were entrusted
to him as the SCDF’s property.

50 The fact that NCS did not load any applications into the Two iPad 2s and
more importantly, that there was no follow-up action from NCS in the three to
four months from September 2011 to January 2012 is also inconsistent with the
Prosecution’s case that NCS had provided them to the SCDF for testing. Ms Goh
tried to explain this away by saying that she had to deliver the Two iPad 2s
to the appellant urgently and thus did not have time to load the applications,
and did not follow up with the SCDF on their supposed arrangement to develop
applications because she was understaffed and was preoccupied with other
projects that were given priority as they were of higher value. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

ROP Vol 1 at p 261-264.

I do not find these two explanations persuasive. I also find it troubling that
NCS did not, and did not see any need, to properly document the “trial”
arrangements until March 2012, which was after the CPIB investigations had
begun.

51 Leaving aside the issue of mens rea of the offences which I have been
focusing on, all the above aspects cast doubt on whether even the actus reus
of entrustment is made out. The evidence raises doubt as to whether the Two
iPad 2s were truly intended for the SCDF “to trial” or whether for whatever
reason, NCS had simply procured them for the appellant’s personal “trial” or
use, with or without an expectation of payment.

Conclusion

52 On a careful and considered evaluation of the evidence, I am drawn to
conclude that both the Prosecution’s case and the appellant’s case have
inconsistencies and gaps which cannot be fully reconciled with different parts
of the evidence. This could mean that both cases are equally plausible or
reasonable, or that they are equally not. It could also suggest that the whole
truth of the matter lies somewhere in between or that some parties, for
reasons which may be quite removed from the present charges before the court,
may have chosen to remain inscrutable or possibly even not to have been wholly
truthful at various points.

53 Ultimately, in a criminal case the burden is squarely on the Prosecution to
prove its case beyond a reasonable doubt. In my judgment, the overall picture
in this case does not point convincingly and squarely towards the appellant
having the requisite dishonest intent to support a finding of guilt. While I
am not fully convinced that the appellant was wholly truthful and that his
case should be preferred in toto over that of the Prosecution’s, what matters
is that ample doubt, which has crossed the threshold of “reasonable doubt”,
has been raised. I therefore conclude that the conviction is unsafe. With
respect, the trial judge erred in concluding otherwise against the weight of
the evidence. The appeal against conviction is thus allowed, and the appellant
is acquitted and discharged.

See Kee Oon  
Judicial Commissioner

Sanjiv Rajan and Christine Tee (Allen & Gledhill LLP) for the appellant;

Hon Yi (Attorney-General’s Chambers) for the respondent.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:40 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

