Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the republic of singapore

[2016] SGHC 285

Suit No 806 of 2004 (Assessment of Damages No 23 of 2016)

Between

(1)| Main-Line Corporate Holdings Ltd  
---|---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

(1)| United Overseas Bank Ltd  
---|---  
(2)| First Currency Choice Pte Ltd  
  
… Defendants

judgment

[Patents and inventions] — [Infringement]

[Patents and inventions] — [Remedies]

[Damages] — [Assessment]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections to be approved by the
court and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the
law, for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Main-line Corporation

  
v

  

United Overseas Bank Ltd and another

  

[2016] SGHC 285

High Court — Suit No 806 of 2004 (Assessment of Damages No 23 of 2016)  
Tay Yong Kwang JA  
11-14, 17-18 October 2016; 7 November 2016

29 December 2016 Judgment reserved.

Tay Yong Kwang JA:

Introduction

1 This judgment concerns an assessment of the quantum of damages to be awarded
to the Plaintiff arising from the infringement of the Plaintiff’s Singapore
Patent No 86037 (W/O 01/04846) titled “Dynamic Currency Conversion for Card
Payment Systems” (“the Patent”) by the two Defendants over a period of about 5
and a half years. The trial on liability was concluded in 2006, with judgment
being given for the Plaintiff. The Defendants appealed but their appeals were
dismissed by the Court of Appeal. Subsequently, the Plaintiff elected as
remedies an account of profits against the first Defendant (United Overseas
Bank Ltd, hereafter referred to as “UOB”) and damages against the second
Defendant (First Currency Choice Pte Ltd, hereafter referred to as “FCC”).
Another round of appeals to the Court of Appeal followed. The Plaintiff’s
choice of different remedies against UOB and FCC was upheld.

2 After lengthy applications, court conferences and meetings among the parties
spanning several years, the taking of the account of profits and the
assessment of damages (“the Assessment Hearing”) commenced on 11 October 2016
before me and lasted six days. At the conclusion of evidence at the Assessment
Hearing, written submissions were filed and exchanged. Oral arguments were
heard on 7 November 2016, after which I reserved judgment.

Background

3 The dispute, which arose out of the infringement of the Patent, has been a
long running one, spanning close to 12 years and leaving a number of written
judgments in its wake. I shall only set out the salient facts and findings for
the purposes of this Assessment Hearing.

4 The Plaintiff is a company incorporated in Ireland and used to be one of the
corporate vehicles for holding the intellectual property assets of an Irish
group of companies called the Fintrax Group. The Fintrax Group was in the
business of providing multiple-currency credit card payment systems and
tourist tax refund services. The Fintrax group was controlled by Mr Gerard
Barry (“Mr Barry”), the Plaintiff’s representative in the present hearing, and
his family, until they sold their controlling stake in the Fintrax Group in
2012. Mr Barry remains a director of the Plaintiff. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

BAEIC p 174, para 1

The Plaintiff is the proprietor of the Patent, which was granted on 30 June
2003, with its priority date being 12 July 1999 (“the priority date”). 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

BAEIC vol 1 pp 226-260

5 UOB is a bank incorporated in Singapore and is one of the major local banks.
FCC is a company incorporated in Singapore with its main business at the
material time being the provision of dynamic currency conversion payment
services to retailers. It was the proprietor of the “First Currency Choice
System” (“the FCC system”), a card currency recognition system which performed
the same function as the Patent and which was found at the trial to have
infringed the Patent.

6 The Patent covers a method and system of determining the operating currency
of a payment card at the point of sale (“POS”) between the merchant and the
cardholder. The Patent converts the value of a card transaction from the
currency of the country where the POS system is located to the currency of the
card’s country of issue and presents both values at the POS to the cardholder
for his selection of the currency he wishes to pay in. It thus provides an
accurate means of automatically determining the preferred currency for a card
transaction between a local merchant and a foreign cardholder. This is in
contrast to the common technology where the foreign cardholder has to choose
his preferred currency manually at the POS terminal, which accordingly carries
the potential of operator error.

7 Between July 1999 and June 2000, UOB entered into negotiations with the
Plaintiff for the provision of an automatic currency conversion system that
applied the Patent. However, after those discussions ended in June 2000, there
was no further communication between them until April 2002. In the meantime,
FCC approached UOB with its FCC system and they eventually signed a
multicurrency exchange agreement on 11 October 2001 (“the MEA”) whereby UOB
would make the FCC system available to its merchants. The FCC system was first
offered for use at UOB’s merchant outlets in December 2001. I will return to
the MEA subsequently as the interpretation of its terms was disputed during
the Assessment Hearing.

8 The Plaintiff commenced action against UOB and FCC for infringement of the
Patent. The trial culminated in a finding of liability against UOB and FCC
(see Main-Line Corporate Holdings Ltd v United Overseas Bank Ltd and another
(First Currency Choice Pte Ltd, third party) [2007] 1 SLR(R) 1021 (“Main-line
Liability”)). I found UOB liable for infringement of the Patent from 10 May
2002 to 12 December 2007. I ordered an inquiry by the Registrar on damages or
an account of profits by reason of the infringement, with the Plaintiff
required to make its election as to the remedy it wished to seek. Main-line
Liability was upheld on the Defendant’s appeal in First Currency Choice Pte
Ltd v Main-Line Corporate Holdings Ltd and another appeal [2008] 1 SLR(R) 335.

9 In the meantime, after obtaining certain disclosures from UOB as part of
pre-election discovery, the Plaintiff sought an interim payment from UOB of
S$3,135,236.40 in Summons No 2556 of 2009, claiming that this sum represented
the minimum amount that UOB would be liable to pay the Plaintiff after the
Assessment Hearing. The assistant registrar ordered UOB to pay into court the
amount of $1,962,424.30 as an interim payment, with the amount having been
derived after applying certain expense/income ratios provided by UOB. The
order was set aside on appeal to the High Court in Main-Line Corporate
Holdings Ltd v United Overseas Bank Ltd and Another [2009] SGHC 212. On
further appeal, the Court of Appeal in Main-Line Corporate Holdings Ltd v
United Overseas Bank Ltd [2010] 2 SLR 986 (“Main-Line Interim Payment”) found
that it was reasonably certain that the sum of $1,962,424.30 would be the
minimum sum payable by UOB. The Court of Appeal therefore reversed the High
Court’s decision and ordered that UOB pay the amount to the Plaintiff. UOB
complied accordingly. Hence, by the time of the Assessment Hearing, the
Plaintiff had already received $1,962,424.30 from UOB (“the Interim Payment”).

10 As mentioned earlier, the Plaintiff elected to have an account of profits
against UOB and damages against FCC. The election of different remedies
against the Defendants in the same suit was disputed. However, the election
was allowed by the High Court in Main-Line Corporate Holdings Ltd v United
Overseas Bank Ltd and another (First Currency Choice Pte Ltd, third party)
[2010] 1 SLR 189. On appeal by the Defendants, the High Court’s decision was
affirmed by the Court of Appeal.

11 The parties were eventually directed to file pleadings for the Assessment
Hearing as their pleadings filed for Main-line Liability contained
insufficient particulars for the Assessment Hearing. Subsequently, multiple
discovery applications were taken out and the matter remained not ready for
the Assessment Hearing for a number of years.

12 As the infringing transactions from UOB’s merchants’ use of the FCC system
from 2002 to 2007 were too voluminous, by mid-2012, the parties reached
general agreement that sampling of transactions would be done. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Minute for RAs 385-386 and 389-391 of 2012, dated 18 May 2012 by Philip Pillai
J; Minutes of PTC dated 30 July 2012 by SAR Yeong Zee Kin

In the meantime, they also attempted mediation but failed to arrive at a
settlement. The parties only reached agreement in April 2016 on the sample
transactions to be used for verification of the flow of funds. By consent, I
ordered that the following 10 samples of transactions across three years, two
Schemes and seven different currencies be used to represent the whole body of
transactions for the Assessment Hearing: 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

Minutes of JPTC dated 6 April 2016

(a) 1 December 2005 – Visa transactions for Australian dollar (“AUD”), Swiss
franc (“CHF”), Hong Kong dollar (“HKD”), Japanese Yen (“JPY”) and New Zealand
dollar (“NZD”).

(b) 1 December 2006 – Visa transactions for US dollar (“USD”), AUD and Euro
(“EUR”).

(c) 1 June 2007 – Mastercard transactions for AUD and EUR.

13 I also directed UOB and FCC to jointly prepare a chart on the flow of funds
for each sample transaction from the point of sale until the payment of
commission by FCC to UOB.

14 The parties did not dispute that the estimated value of the total number of
infringing transactions for the infringing period was S$627m and the
Assessment Hearing proceeded on that basis. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

Plaintiff’s Errata Sheet E2

The Ecosystem

15 To understand the function of the Patent and how its infringement operated
to generate profit for UOB, it is necessary to understand what has been termed
the “four party model” or “Ecosystem” throughout the Assessment Hearing (“the
Ecosystem”). The existence and function of the Ecosystem is not disputed. This
Ecosystem is the structure for card payments devised by card schemes such as
Visa or Mastercard (“the Schemes”). I reproduce a diagram from FCC’s expert Mr
Enda Murphy’s (“Mr Murphy”) affidavit of evidence-in-chief (“AEIC”) depicting
the Ecosystem: 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

BAEIC vol 2 p 244

![](data:image/Png;base64,
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)

16 The Schemes facilitate transactions between banks. Banks are usually
members of one or more Schemes. Banks who become members of the Schemes can
choose to become “Issuers” under the Schemes, which means that they issue
cards to cardholders under the respective brands of the Schemes, together with
the name of the Issuer pursuant to agreements with the cardholders
(“Cardholder Agreements”). The cardholders can use their cards to make payment
for purchases from merchants (physical or Internet-based entities that sell
goods and services) which accept the cards from the Schemes. The cardholders
then pay their Issuers as shown in their monthly statements. If a card is used
overseas, the value of the transactions would be converted from the currency
of the overseas transactions to the card’s billing currency. The cardholders
therefore pay the Issuers in the card’s billing currency. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

BAEIC vol 1 p 175 paras 6-8

17 Banks can also choose to become “Acquirers”, which means that they acquire
merchants who will accept the cards issued by the Scheme’s member banks as
payment for the merchants’ goods and services. The Acquirer usually enters
into agreements with the merchants (“Merchant Agreements”) for the Acquirer to
provide the merchants with POS terminals that connect the merchant terminals
to the Acquirer for the purposes of authorizing and completing sale
transactions. In exchange, the merchants agree to sell the sale transactions
that they have effected with the cardholders to the Acquirer. The merchants
would be paid the transaction value less a discount called “the merchant
discount rate” (hereafter known as “MDR”). 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

BAEIC vol 1 p 176 paras 10-12

Banks like UOB are usually both Issuers and Acquirers in various Schemes.

18 The flow of funds occurs in the following manner. Let us name the day of
the sale transaction as Day X. The merchants’ POS terminals would route the
transaction information for Day X to the Acquirer, which would then transmit
this information to the Scheme. On the next banking day after Day X, the
Acquirer credits all of its merchants’ accounts with the sums collected from
the various transactions for Day X less the MDR. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

BAEIC vol 2 p 244

The Scheme in turn debits the total amount due for Day X’s transactions from
the Issuer and credits the Acquirer’s account with a total amount reflecting
all of the merchants’ transactions for Day X (“the Settlement Proceeds”) less
what is known as the interchange reimbursement fee (“the IRF”). The
reimbursement to the Acquirer is usually received three banking days after
transactions are cleared into the Schemes. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

BAEIC vol 1 p 177 para 14

Traditional cross-border card transaction

19 Using the common example cited by the parties, assuming an Acquirer charges
a merchant a MDR of 1.2% and the Scheme in turn deducts an IRF of 0.8% from
the original transaction value (“OTV”) of S$100, the Acquirer would reimburse
the merchant S$98.80 whilst receiving Settlement Proceeds of S$99.20,
resulting in a net revenue of S$0.40. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

BAEIC vol 1 p 177 para 14

The Acquirer’s net revenue from this transaction is the MDR minus IRF. The net
revenue remains the same even in a cross-border multi-currency transaction
(“converted transaction”), where the card used is billed in a currency
different from the price of the transaction in SGD. The Acquirer’s net revenue
remains the same as the Scheme would settle with the Acquirer in the
merchant’s currency, ie, SGD in this example. The Settlement Proceeds are thus
in SGD. The foreign currency exchange is conducted on the Issuer’s end.

20 The Issuer’s general revenue from being part of the Scheme would be derived
from items like membership fees from cardholders, late fees, interest charged
on rollover of outstanding charges, etc. In a converted transaction, the
Issuer stands to gain from an additional fee for the use of the card overseas,
which is commonly known as “the Uplift”. The Uplift is typically referred to
as an administrative fee or mark-up in Cardholder Agreements 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

BAEIC vol 1, Tab 2 at 127 – 383; BAEIC vol 1 Tab 2 at 263

and could range from 3% to 7% of the OTV. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

NEs 13 October 2016 p 36 lines 15-19

Using the example of an OTV of S$100, where the applicable exchange rate of
SGD to the foreign currency (“FX”) of the cardholder is S$1: FX 0.5, and the
Uplift is 3%, the Issuer could charge the cardholder FX 51.50, whilst
transmitting the sum payable of S$100 to the Scheme. The Issuer also has an
opportunity to earn profits from the conversion of foreign currency (“the
Arbitrage opportunity”) as it has to convert the OTV in SGD to the billing
currency of the cardholder. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

BAEIC vol 1 p 178 para 15

Relocation effect

21 Dynamic currency conversion (“DCC”) is a generic term used to describe
detection and conversion of a card’s billing currency at the merchant’s POS
terminal. It is applicable in converted transactions, where the merchant’s
currency differs from the cardholder’s. DCC allows the Uplift and the
Arbitrage opportunity to be relocated from the cardholder’s Issuer to the
merchant’s Acquirer. This allows the Acquirer to apply the Uplift during the
conversion process, charge the cardholder in his billing currency, and in turn
settle with the respective Scheme in the cardholder’s billing currency. The
Settlement Proceeds are thus in foreign currency. The Uplift is still borne by
the cardholder in a DCC transaction and paid to the Issuer like in a
traditional converted transaction, although it is the Acquirer who would
eventually receive this Uplift where DCC is used.

22 Through DCC, the Acquirer would thus receive Settlement Proceeds in the
cardholder’s foreign currency inclusive of the Uplift, therefore obtaining the
Arbitrage opportunity. The Patent’s role in this DCC process is that it allows
for automatic DCC as it detects a card’s billing currency automatically 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

BAEIC vol 1 p 183 para 28; Plaintiff’s closing submissions para 55

and presents the cardholder a choice of paying in the local currency of the
place of transaction or in his card’s billing currency. This is in contrast to
manual DCC, where the cardholder has to manually choose the preferred billing
currency for the transaction, which would be more prone to operator error. It
was not disputed that the use of the Patent resulted in the relocation of the
Arbitrage opportunity and the Uplift to UOB, although whether UOB retained the
Uplift as part of its profits was disputed.

23 The Plaintiff’s expert witness, Leonard Dowling (“Mr Dowling”) testified
that typically, in a regular transaction, the Acquirer’s profit margin from a
traditional card transaction is about 0.30% to 1% of the OTV. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

BAEIC vol 1 p 183 para 27

With the application of DCC in general or the Patent specifically, the
Acquirer would see a significant boost in profit for converted transactions
arising from the Uplift and the Arbitrage opportunity.

Parties’ positions

Plaintiff

24 As against FCC, the Plaintiff in its pleadings initially claimed for the
following, together with interest and costs: 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

Bundle of Post Liability Pleadings (“BP”), p 22

(a) Damages on the basis of the lost Arbitrage opportunity from the settlement
proceeds in foreign currency in converted transactions;

(b) The 3% Uplift on converted transactions;

(c) In the alternative to the above two claims, damages on the basis of
licence fees that the Plaintiff would have earned from licensing the Patent to
FCC; and

(d) Aggravated or exemplary damages.

25 However by the time of the closing submissions, the Plaintiff’s position
appeared to have shifted slightly. It sought, along with interest and costs:

(a) Damages measured by the lost profits that Plaintiff would have made from
entering into a similar DCC provision arrangement with UOB; 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

Plaintiff’s closing submissions, paras 169, 180

(b) In the alternative, damages measured on the basis of notional royalties
that would have been paid to the Plaintiff if it licensed the Patent to FCC;
19

##### Foot Note 19

×

Plaintiff’s closing submissions, para 186

and

(c) Exemplary damages for infringement of the Patent amounting to $34.5m. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

Plaintiff’s closing submissions, para 14

26 As against UOB, the Plaintiff claimed, along with interest and costs: 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

Plaintiff’s closing submissions, para 14

(a) The 3% Uplift on converted transactions;

(b) Commissions received from FCC under the MEA; and

(c) Profits from acquiring new merchants or retaining existing merchants as a
result of using the FCC system.

27 Notably, the Plaintiff is now claiming the 3% Uplift from UOB instead of
FCC. The claim for damages for the lost Arbitrage opportunity also appears to
be made against UOB instead of FCC. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

Plaintiff’s skeletal submissions dated 7 November 2016, para 18

The Plaintiff clarified that it sought the 3% Uplift and the damages for the
lost Arbitrage opportunity from FCC in the alternative, subject to the rule
against double recovery. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

Plaintiff’s skeletal submissions dated 7 November 2016, para 35

Defendants

28 UOB took the position that:

(a) It is not liable for the 3% Uplift; instead, the 3% Uplift was transferred
to FCC pursuant to the terms of the MEA and so it did not form part of UOB’s
profit from its infringement of the Plaintiff’s Patent;

(b) There were no profits made from new and retained merchants that were
attributable to the infringement of the Patent;

(c) There are no further commissions owed to the Plaintiff after UOB’s costs
and the Interim Payment are taken into account.

29 FCC took the position that:

(a) The Plaintiff’s loss, whether from the 3% Uplift or the Arbitrage
opportunity, can only be recovered from either UOB or FCC, and so if it
successfully seeks its account of profits from UOB for these heads of claim,
FCC should not be liable for any further damages; 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

FCC’s closing submissions dated 1 November 2016, p 13

(b) The damages, whether based on the lost profits if Plaintiff licensed to
the Patent to UOB or based on notional royalties, should be non-existent or
nominal; 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

FCC’s skeletal arguments for oral closing submissions, paras 12-13

(c) FCC is not liable for exemplary damages as the Plaintiff has no legal
basis for claiming so.

Issues

30 The following issues arise for determination:

(a) Whether UOB or FCC is liable to the Plaintiff for the 3% Uplift and
Arbitrage opportunity on converted transactions;

(b) After taking into account the Interim Payment, what is the outstanding
sum, if any, owed by UOB to the Plaintiff from the commissions that UOB
received under the MEA;

(c) What is the quantum of profits, if any, made by UOB from acquiring new
merchants or retaining existing merchants arising from the infringement of the
Patent;

(d) Whether UOB is entitled to cost deductions;

(e) The extent of damages payable by FCC to the Plaintiff;

(f) Whether exemplary damages can be granted in patent infringement, and if
so, whether FCC is liable for exemplary damages.

31 I will now deal with these issues, beginning with the claims relating to
UOB.

Claim against UOB

Applicable principles for accounting of profits

32 The general legal principles governing an account of profits are not
disputed. In an action for patent infringement, the court may grant an account
of profits to the plaintiff under s 67(1)(d) of the Patents Act (Cap 221, 2005
Rev Ed) (“the Patents Act”). An account of profits is a personal remedy
against unjust enrichment of the defendant at the plaintiff’s expense (see W.
Cornish, D. Llewelyn & T. Aplin, Intellectual Property: Patents, Copyright,
Trade Marks and Allied Rights (Sweet & Maxwell, 8th Ed, 2013) at paras 2-43
and 2-58 (“Cornish Llwelyn and Aplin”)). Its purpose is not to punish the
defendant but to treat the defendant as having carried on his business on
behalf of the plaintiff, such that the plaintiff is entitled to the profits
that have been earned by the use of his invention. It also proceeds on a
common principle of legal causation. As stated in Bosch Corp v Wiedson
International (S) Pte Ltd and others and another suit  [2015] 3 SLR 961
(“Bosch Corp”) at [10], the concern is with the actual profit made by the
infringer which is derived from the infringement.

33 As stated in Bosch Corp at [10] and Main-Line Corporate Holdings Ltd v
United Overseas Bank Ltd [2011] SGHC 268 at [23] and [25], the profits that
are accountable can be reduced in two ways - first, by deducting costs and
expenses from receipts and, second, by apportionment of profits if the profits
are generated by a chain of activities and the infringing acts occupy a part
of this chain. The English Patents Court in Celanese International Corp v BP
Chemicals Ltd [1999] RPC 203 at 242 (“Celanese”) stated that “the court is
trying to find out what profits have been made in fact by the defendant, not
the profits he could have made”; a plaintiff therefore cannot “complain that
the defendant could have made greater profits if he had taken an alternative
course”.

34 In the present situation, the parties have agreed on using sample
transactions to extrapolate UOB’s profits. UOB submits that an account of
profits “does not require a detailed financial accounting exercise” and that
the approach adopted in Bosch Corp of “judicial estimation of the available
indications” should be equally applicable here. While this approach is useful
in appropriate cases, it must also be noted that the facts of the present case
are not quite the same as those in Bosch Corp. In the latter case, there was a
dearth of documentation since the infringing company was of a much smaller
scale and was not managed very professionally. However, UOB could hardly be
described in the same way. The justification for the use of judicial
estimation here is that the volume of UOB’s merchant transactions from 2002 to
2007 would make the quantification of UOB’s profits down to the cent an
extremely difficult task and so a more broad brush approach of extrapolation
from the samples has to be applied instead. As stated in Bosch Corp at [29],
“available indications” mean that the court must do the best it can on the
whole of the material before it.

3% Uplift

35 As stated at [20], the Uplift refers to the additional fee that is charged
to a cardholder when his or her card is used overseas. With the infringing
application of the Patent by the FCC system, the Uplift is relocated from the
Issuer bank to the Acquirer bank, which in the present case is UOB. The
Plaintiff has accepted that the Uplift would be 3% of the OTV on average and
insists that it formed part of UOB’s profits. It is also not in dispute that
there is only “one pot of Uplift” 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

NEs 11 October 2015, p 53 lines 4-12

– it was received by only one party, whether UOB or FCC.

36 UOB denies that the 3% Uplift forms part of its revenue from the
infringement of the Patent, arguing that the flow of funds from receipt to
outgoing expenses showed that the 3% Uplift sought by the Plaintiff was
actually transferred to FCC under the terms of the MEA. The salient portions
of the MEA are reproduced below: 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

BAEIC vol 3 pp 527-540

1\. DEFINITIONS

1.1 In this Agreement unless the context otherwise requires:-

[…]

“Transaction” means the discharge by a Cardholder of his indebtedness to a
Merchant in any of the Foreign Currencies by use of a Credit Card using the
Multicurrency Facility

3\. MULTICURRENCY EXCHANGE

3.1 From the Commencement Date and throughout the term of this Agreement, the
Bank shall make available to the Merchants the capability to accept payments
in Foreign Currencies by the use of Credit Card for goods and/or service
supplied by the Merchants on the terms and conditions of the Multicurrency
Merchant Agreement.

3.2 From the Commencement Date and throughout the term of this Agreement, FCC
shall be responsible for all currency risks and losses, and entitled to all
currency gains arising from the operation of the Multicurrency Facility
contemplated under Clauses 8,9 and 10 of this Agreement.

4\. COMMISSION

4.1 In consideration of the foreign currency business it receives as a result
of Merchants using the Multicurrency Facility FCC shall pay the Bank the
Commission on or before the 15th day of each calendar month calculated based
on the Net Foreign Turnover processed through the Multicurrency Facility
during the preceding calendar month.

8\. TRANSACTION

[…]

8.2 Payments: In respect of a Transaction submitted to FCC for processing
before FCC Cut-Off Time:-

(a) at the Bank Settlement Time the Bank shall be entitled to deduct the
Transaction Price from the Singapore Dollars Account.

(b) at FCC Settlement Time the Bank shall deposit the Foreign Currency
Equivalent of the Transaction to the relevant Foreign Currency Account.

37 UOB’s witness, Mr Tan Min Yeow (“Mr Tan”), gave evidence that under clause
8.2 of the MEA, FCC had to pay UOB the OTV while UOB was required to pay FCC
the Settlement Proceeds. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

Tan Min Yeow’s AEIC, para 24

Therefore, UOB’s only profit under the MEA and from the infringement of the
Patent through its use of the FCC system was a monthly commission paid to it
by FCC based on a percentage of “Net Foreign Turnover” under clause 4.1. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

Tan Min Yeow’s AEIC, para 25

38 This is the diagram that UOB argued represents the overall flow of funds:
30

##### Foot Note 30

×

UOB’s closing submissions dated 1 November 2016, para 57

![](data:image/Png;base64,
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)

39 UOB argues that as shown in the diagram, the net revenue earned by UOB was
the commissions from FCC and the difference between the MDR and IRF. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

UOB’s closing submissions, para 57

Therefore, it is not liable for the 3% Uplift as it was transferred to FCC in
exchange for a monthly commission.

40 The Plaintiff on the other hand argues that UOB is liable for the Uplift,
because the Patent was designed for use by Acquirers within the undisputed
Ecosystem. 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

Plaintiff’s closing submissions, para 29

The Plaintiff claims that this Ecosystem was a “closed system”. The Plaintiff
relies on the English Court of Appeal case of In re Charge Card Services Ltd
[1989] Ch 487 (“Re Charge Card”) to argue that there were separate and
independent contracts in place between the parties in the Ecosystem, such that
parties could not sue to recover outstanding amounts from other parties who
were not in a contract with them. 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

Plaintiff’s closing submissions, paras 35-40

Issuers and Acquirers dealt with each other and with the Schemes as principals
and not agents of either the merchants or cardholders. 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

Plaintiff’s closing submissions, paras 42

In the present case, under the Merchant Agreements that UOB signed with its
merchants, it would have been provided that UOB was the sole owner of the
sales slips that it purchased from the merchants. 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

Plaintiff’s closing submissions, paras 64-71

Thus, UOB also owned all the Settlement Proceeds that it received from the
Schemes after it had reimbursed the merchants. 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

Plaintiff’s closing submissions, para 73

Also, the Settlement Proceeds were indisputably credited into UOB’s NOSTRO
accounts, of which UOB was the sole owner, beneficiary and operator. 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

Plaintiff’s closing submissions, para 77-78

Therefore, the Settlement Proceeds ought to form part of UOB’s profits and
losses.

41 As for UOB and FCC’s arrangements under the MEA, the Plaintiff argues that
it is merely a separate currency exchange agreement and is UOB’s chosen means
of dealing with the Settlement Proceeds in foreign currency that it receives
from the Schemes. While accepting that UOB should be liable to account for the
commission that it earned under the MEA, the Plaintiff took the position that
UOB was nevertheless also liable for the 3% Uplift. 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

Plaintiff’s closing submissions, para 93

The Plaintiff pointed out that UOB would prefund its foreign currency account
in anticipation of the currency exchange with FCC, even before it received
Settlement Proceeds from the Scheme or had an indication of what the IRF
deductions would be. 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

Plaintiff’s closing submissions, paras 102-103

The Plaintiff therefore argues that there is no nexus between the 3% Uplift
that UOB receives as part of the Settlement Proceeds and UOB’s currency
exchange arrangement with FCC, as it was not backed up by the flow of funds.
40

##### Foot Note 40

×

Plaintiff’s closing submissions, paras 99-101

There was also no mention of the word “Uplift” in the MEA. Furthermore, to
consider the Uplift and the commissions together would “amount to a global
treatment of UOB’s profit and loss” when they were part of separate
businesses, which the Plaintiff argued was an approach that had been rejected
in the seminal case of Celanese. 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

Plaintiff’s closing submissions, paras 27, 107-108

42 The Plaintiff also attacked the MEA for not making commercial sense. The
Plaintiff argued that the MEA essentially meant that in the example of an
exchange rate of S$1.00: FX 0.5 and a S$100 OTV, with an Uplift of 3% charged,
UOB was exchanging the FX equivalent of S$103 for S$100. Therefore, UOB was
only earning the commission of around 0.5% of the OTV while it apparently
relinquished 3% of the OTV to FCC. The Plaintiff argued that this arrangement
made no sense in the light of the Plaintiff’s offer to share 1.2% of the OTV
with UOB when the Plaintiff and UOB were in negotiations regarding the use of
the Patent. 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

Plaintiff’s closing submissions, para 118

43 In my view, the Plaintiff’s claim against UOB for the 3% Uplift is
unmeritorious.

44 The MEA cannot be viewed as a separate and independent business from UOB’s
use of the infringing FCC system as the MEA essentially sets out the entire
arrangement between UOB and FCC for the use of the FCC system, which resulted
in infringement of the Patent. This is a fact that has been reiterated in
previous judgments arising out of this case, such as the Court of Appeal’s
judgment in Main-Line Interim Payment at [3]. Therefore, there is no merit in
the Plaintiff’s attempt to dispute the nature of the MEA as somehow being
unrelated to the FCC system in the Assessment Hearing. Clauses 4 and 8.2 of
the MEA also set out the arrangement between UOB and FCC, which is that UOB
would obtain a commission from FCC by depositing into FCC’s account the
“Foreign Currency Equivalent of the Transaction” and deducting the
“Transaction Price” from FCC’s SGD account. The wording of the MEA supports
UOB’s case theory that the Settlement Proceeds it obtained from the Schemes
were completely transferred to FCC.

45 Further, I am satisfied that the flow of Settlement Proceeds in foreign
currency from UOB to FCC and the flow of the OTV in SGD from FCC to UOB was
established. Expert evidence was centred on the flow of funds in the
Assessment Hearing and the main area of dispute between the experts related to
the flows between UOB and FCC. It was not disputed that the Settlement
Proceeds less the IRF were paid by Schemes like Visa to UOB. 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

NEs 17 October 2016 p 53 lines 17-22

I will use the 1 December 2006 sample transaction in EUR 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

BAEIC vol 1 pp 148-169

for this discussion, since it was the sample that was the most frequently
discussed during the experts’ evidence. It was accepted by Mr Dowling that the
exchange between FCC and UOB which covered transactions made during normal
hours and after hours of 1 December 2006 did not follow the Visa settlement
cycle which covered transactions made after hours on 30 November 2006 and
during normal hours on Friday 1 December 2006. 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

BAEIC vol 1 p 30, para 148

This different timing in settlement for FCC and Visa resulted in sums that
were transferred between UOB and Visa on the one hand and between UOB and FCC
on the other not directly corresponding in value. The VSS-110 report, which
shows Visa’s settlement process with UOB, indicates that a sum of 67,751.36
EUR, after deduction of IRF from 68,425.33 EUR, was credited to UOB. 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

BAEIC vol 1 p 159

UOB’s transfer of Settlement Proceeds to FCC is corroborated by the bank
statements, which showed a withdrawal of 68,425.33 EUR in Settlement Proceeds
from UOB’s GCA corporate account to an account with the number 1019106484, 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

BAEIC vol 1 p 162

and a deposit of the same amount into FCC’s GCA corporate account with the
same account number on 6 December 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

BAEIC vol 1 p 163

. From this, I accept that UOB did in fact transfer the Settlement Proceeds,
inclusive of the 3% Uplift, to FCC. I also accept the evidence of Mr Lim See
Sai (“Mr Lim”)(who testified for FCC) and Mr Tan (who testified for UOB) that
UOB topped up the IRF amount deducted by Visa when it transferred the
Settlement Proceeds to FCC. 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

BAEIC vol 2 p 7

FCC’s same day transfer of the relevant OTV to UOB was corroborated by the
bank statements as well - its bank statement from the Singapore branch of
Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB shows a remittance of S$739,147.72, 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

BAEIC vol 1 p 164

which was received in UOB’s account with the reference “Dcc Settlement for 1
Dec’06”. 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

BAEIC vol 1 p 165

I accept Mr Tan’s explanation that the sum of S$739,147.72 represented the OTV
of the transactions in all 9 currencies for all transactions of 1 December
2006. 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

NEs 17 October 2016 p 85 lines 3-8

46 In gist, I am satisfied that the flow of funds has been established,
contrary to the Plaintiff’s allegations of lack of documentation. The
information such as internal reconciliation and accounts sought by Mr Dowling
during the Assessment Hearing were not in my view necessary to establish the
flow of funds.

47 I also note that my findings regarding the flow of funds and the movement
of the 3% Uplift are not inconsistent with the Plaintiff’s own position during
interlocutory hearings. For instance, all counsels agreed during a related
registrar’s appeal hearing before Philip Pillai J that it was “[u]ndisputed
that 3% is earned on the card” and “[u]ndisputed that UOB has paid this 3% to
FCC”. 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

Minutes for RAs 385-386 and 389-391 of 2012, dated 18 May 2012

48 The Plaintiff’s reliance on the cases of Re Charge Card and Celanese are
also misguided. To begin with, the description of the Ecosystem as “closed”
has not been explained and appears to be a rather imprecise term used by the
Plaintiff to support its unmeritorious case. Taking the Plaintiff’s case at
its highest and assuming “closed” means that profits and losses of each party
in the Ecosystem cannot take into account their arrangements with non-parties
to the Ecosystem, Re Charge Card does not prove the Plaintiff’s assertion that
the Ecosystem was “closed”. I agree with UOB that all that Re Charge Card
indicates is that the contracts between the various parties in the Ecosystem
are separate and therefore matters relating to one contract have no relevance
to the other. Accordingly, a Scheme cannot look to a cardholder for recovery
if the Issuer defaults on repayments, as the Scheme is not in a contract with
the cardholder. A merchant also cannot look to the Scheme for recovery should
the Acquirer fail to reimburse its share of sales receipts, as the merchant is
not in a contract with the Scheme. There is nothing in Re Charge Card to
suggest that the Ecosystem is “closed” in the sense that the profits and
losses of each party cannot take into account its arrangements with third
parties. Since the present dispute is not one between the parties in the
Ecosystem, I do not think Re Charge Card has any relevance here.

49 I pause to acknowledge the possibility raised by the court in Celanese at
[33]:

… a case in which those loss-making activities can realistically be treated as
a sequence of separate and self-contained businesses where profits made on one
are obliterated by losses on others so that, looked at as a whole, the profits
attributable to infringement are hidden. In such a case it may be possible to
disentangle the profits made on the infringing business and order them to be
paid to the plaintiff notwithstanding the losses made elsewhere.

50 However, given my finding that the MEA is the means by which the FCC system
was implemented, this is clearly not a case like Celanese where the
calculation of profits of two plants was in dispute. UOB’s transfer of the 3%
Uplift is evidently connected to its receipt of commissions from FCC pursuant
to the arrangement set out in the MEA. For that reason, the 3% Uplift cannot
be treated as a source of profits separate from the commissions.

51 In relation to UOB’s arrangement of purportedly forgoing a potential 3%
Uplift in exchange for a commission of around 0.5% of the net turnover, I am
of the view that there were reasons to do so at that time, even if it did not
result in maximum profits possible for UOB. I accept UOB’s witness, Mr Tan’s,
explanations for this arrangement. He explained that the decision to enter
into the MEA was based on multiple factors. The bank’s focus was not purely on
profits and losses but also providing quality services to their merchants. 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

NEs 18 October 2016 p 31 lines 5-9

FCC was a desirable partner as it had a committed sales force on the ground
that UOB could rely on to provide timely and quality services to its merchants
and also use to acquire new merchants. 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

NEs 18 October 2016 p 31 lines 11-15

Further, UOB’s arrangement with FCC meant that UOB did not have the
responsibility for incentivising merchants to take up the FCC system, as FCC
had separate contracts with the merchants which provided them with certain
rebates. The existence of these separate contracts was confirmed by Mr Lim. 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

NEs 18 October 2016 p 146 line 25 to p 147 line 3

UOB preferred this to the arrangement offered by the Plaintiff where UOB took
a share of the Uplift but had to pay out rebates to the merchants. 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

NEs 18 October 2016 p 31 lines 19 to p 32 line 5, p 33 lines 9-22

UOB saw greater value in eliminating the need to negotiate with merchants
regarding the rebate and this appears to me to be a reasonable explanation.
UOB essentially took the commission of 0.5% of the net turnover and left FCC
to deal with the currency risks associated with trading of the Settlement
Proceeds and provision of rebates to UOB’s merchants. This arrangement does
make commercial sense, even if it did not result in maximum profits possible
to UOB. In any case, automatic DCC was a new technology at the material time
and in implementing the FCC system, it was not unreasonable for UOB to decide
to limit its exposure and responsibilities in return for lower but assured
profits.

52 I find that the 3% Uplift went to FCC and accordingly, the Plaintiff’s
claim against UOB for this head of profits fails. The Arbitrage opportunity
from the trading of the Settlement Proceeds therefore belonged to FCC and I
will consider this when I deal with the Plaintiff’s claims against FCC.

Commissions from FCC

53 I note the Plaintiff’s arguments that the quantum for UOB’s commission from
FCC was not verified by invoices and Mr Tan’s admission during the hearing
that UOB did not issue invoices for the FCC commissions during the
infringement period. 58

##### Foot Note 58

×

NEs 18 Oct 2016 pp 97-98

However, in its submissions, the Plaintiff did not dispute that the quantum
for commissions that UOB received from FCC was S$3,157,847.09, 59

##### Foot Note 59

×

Plaintiff’s closing submissions paras 14 and 20; UOB’s closing submissions
para 207

which represented the general commission rate of 0.5% of the net turnover of
S$627m. It was not disputed that the commission was on average around 0.5% of
the net turnover. 60

##### Foot Note 60

×

NEs 12 October 2016 pp 86-88

I therefore proceed on this basis.

54 The dispute is whether UOB is entitled to deduct costs and expenses
incurred in relation to setting up the FCC system from its profits. The
Plaintiff submits that UOB cannot do so. 61

##### Foot Note 61

×

Plaintiff’s closing submissions paras 20

55 The Plaintiff submits that UOB should not be entitled to any deductions as
it has failed to provide documentary evidence of its costs and thus failed to
discharge its evidential burden. 62

##### Foot Note 62

×

Plaintiff’s closing submissions paras 148, 159

The Plaintiff also pointed out the inconsistency between UOB’s position when
it filed its Statement of Defence in 2011 and its position at the Assessment
Hearing. In the former, UOB provided a brief table with a breakdown of costs
and expenses incurred as well as the applicable tax rates. 63

##### Foot Note 63

×

BP 40-42

In the latter, UOB takes the position that its general expense/income ratios
for the infringing period should be used instead. 64

##### Foot Note 64

×

UOB’s closing submissions para 217, BAEIC vol 3 pp 515-516

UOB’s position at the Assessment Hearing was identical to that in 2009 during
pre-election discovery and was the basis upon which the Court of Appeal
determined the quantum of the Interim Payment. The Plaintiff argues that UOB
should be bound by its later Statement of Defence in 2011 and that the court
should draw an adverse inference against UOB for not disclosing the source
documents for the figures in the Statement of Defence. 65

##### Foot Note 65

×

Plaintiff’s closing submissions para 153

While the Plaintiff acknowledges that taxes constitute a form of deductible
costs, it submits that there was no evidence to show that UOB paid the
relevant corporate taxes. 66

##### Foot Note 66

×

Plaintiff’s closing submissions para 155

Further, the Plaintiff submits that there are “significant overlaps in the
general overheads incurred during the implementation and maintenance of
multicurrency systems and DCC services”, which would make it unfair for such
costs to be associated with UOB’s infringement. This is because in 2001, UOB
did not have multicurrency capability, which was a prerequisite to
implementing the FCC system. Therefore, the costs that were expended went to
developing multicurrency capability and DCC services concurrently. 67

##### Foot Note 67

×

Plaintiff’s closing submissions para 158

56 The inconsistency in UOB’s position and the lack of documentation were
admitted by Mr Tan during his cross-examination, 68

##### Foot Note 68

×

NEs 18 October 2016 p 119 line 18 to p 120 line 16

as well as by UOB’s counsel during submissions. Mr Tan explained that UOB only
has a separate profit and loss account that covers both the acquiring and
issuing business and UOB’s resources such as manpower and technical resources
are shared. Therefore it did not have a separate profit and loss account for
the acquiring business that involved DCC. 69

##### Foot Note 69

×

NEs 18 October 2016 pp 17-18

UOB submits that Mr Tan’s evidence was consistent with the Court of Appeal’s
observation in Main-Line Interim Payment at [28] that it was unlikely that UOB
would be able to work out its actual profits from operating the FCC system.
UOB takes the position that the expense/income ratios provided, which enabled
the Court of Appeal to arrive at the Interim Payment sum, should suffice since
an account of profits requires only a reasonable approximation and not
mathematical exactitude. In the alternative, UOB submits that the court should
at least allow UOB to deduct taxes paid from the overall profits and a
“reasonable sum of expenses” given that UOB had to incur significant expense
to set up and operate the FCC system as it was the first of its kind. 70

##### Foot Note 70

×

UOB’s closing submissions paras 224-226

57 In my view, Mr Tan’s explanation is not inconsistent with UOB’s position at
the Interim Payment stage and is a reasonable one. There is admittedly a
margin of error that may arise as a result of the court taking the
expense/income ratios. However, it would also be unfair to deny UOB any
deductions completely. After all, it was acknowledged by the Plaintiff’s
expert, Mr Dowling, that “it takes many months of work and requires the
expenditure of hundreds if not thousands of man hours” to implement DCC
technology. 71

##### Foot Note 71

×

BAEIC vol 1 p 14 at para 43

While the multicurrency capability that was implemented could also support
manual DCC services, the fact remains that UOB implemented this in 2001 in
preparation for the launch of the FCC system. In the light of this, I follow
the Court of Appeal’s approach in Main-Line Interim Payment and find that
UOB’s profits from FCC’s commissions are to be derived by applying UOB’s
expense/income ratios (with expenses ranging between 34.7% and 41.4% of
income) to the sum of S$3,157,847.09. Therefore, the profits from FCC’s
commissions are S$1,962,424.30, which has already been paid to the Plaintiff
as the Interim Payment.

Profits from acquiring new merchants or retaining existing merchants

58 The Plaintiff argues that UOB must have acquired some new merchants or
retained existing merchants (“retained merchants”) who would have left UOB but
for the offering of the FCC system. It was noted in Main-line Liability that
more than 300 merchants in Singapore were using the FCC system. As of 2007,
there were 567 POS terminals with the infringing FCC system. 72

##### Foot Note 72

×

BPA vol 3 tab 1 page 6 at para 6

The Plaintiff pointed out that the sample Merchant Agreement produced by UOB
73

##### Foot Note 73

×

BAEIC vol 3 pp 521-524

indicated that the particular merchant was acquired by UOB on 29 March 2007.
Therefore, the Plaintiff argues that it would be reasonable to “assume that
merchants were indeed acquired by UOB using the FCC system as a marketing
tool”. 74

##### Foot Note 74

×

Plaintiff’s closing submissions para 142

The Plaintiff therefore submits that it would be reasonable for the court to
hold that 100 out of these 300 merchants were new or retained merchants.
Relying on Mr Dowling’s evidence that the MDR margins from these merchants
would be 0.3% to 1%, the Plaintiff submits that, taking a conservative
estimate of the MDR at 0.3% to 0.5%, UOB should be liable for profits of
S$627,000 to S$1,045,000. 75

##### Foot Note 75

×

Plaintiff’s closing submissions para 146

59 In my view, this head of claim is based on pure conjecture. The Plaintiff
has not produced evidence to suggest that merchants were specifically acquired
or retained as a result of the FCC system. A patentee can only claim the
amount of profits that is attributable to the infringing use. Accordingly, the
causation has to be proved and that was not done in this case. While it was
not disputed that UOB’s intention in implementing the FCC system was partly to
acquire more merchants and its merchant base grew non-stop since 2001, 76

##### Foot Note 76

×

NEs 18 October 2016 p 134 lines 12-15

there is no proof that a specific merchant was acquired or retained as a
result of the said system. The sample Merchant Agreement was merely proof that
UOB was acquiring new merchants during the infringing period but did not go so
far as to show the causative effect of the FCC system in acquiring new
merchants. I also accept UOB’s argument that the earning of MDR happens in
every credit card transaction, whether the transaction is converted or not.
Therefore, there is a lack of causal link between the infringement of the
Patent and the MDR earned. UOB also raises the possibility of other factors
influencing merchants to sign up with UOB, such as the discounts, rebates and
incentives that FCC provided to merchants independently of UOB. 77

##### Foot Note 77

×

UOB’s closing submissions para 187

In my view, there were many possible reasons why the merchants would sign up
with UOB or with any other bank and the Plaintiff has failed to prove that it
was partly or wholly due to the FCC system.

60 I add for completeness that even if there were such merchants who signed up
with UOB because of the FCC system, UOB did not appear to profit from the MDR.
I accept Mr Tan’s evidence that based on the 10 sample transactions that were
the focus of this Assessment Hearing, the average difference between the MDR
charged by UOB to the merchant and IRF charged by the Schemes to UOB was
negative, meaning that UOB did not actually profit from those transactions. 78

##### Foot Note 78

×

BAEIC vol 3 p 511, para 38(b)

61 Accordingly, the Plaintiff’s head of claim against UOB regarding the
profits from new or retained merchants fails.

Profits payable

62 Flowing from my findings above, UOB’s only profit from infringement of the
Patent is its commissions from FCC under the MEA multiplied by the
expense/income ratios. This would amount to S$1,962,424.30. As it has already
paid this sum to FCC as the Interim Payment, UOB is not liable to the
Plaintiff for any further sums.

Claim against FCC

Applicable principles for assessment of damages

63 Damages are generally intended to be compensatory, such that they put the
victim of the wrong in the position which he would have been in had the wrong
not been committed. The situation is the same in relation to patent
infringement, which is an instance of a statutory and economic tort. Recovery
of damages is possible provided that the loss proved is foreseeable, caused by
the wrong and not excluded from recovery by public or social policy (see
Gerber Garment Technology Inc. v Lectra Systems Ltd and another [1997] RPC 443
(“Gerber v Lectra”) at 452). The general principles enunciated in General Tire
& Rubber Co v Firestone Tyre & Rubber Co Ltd [1975] 1 WLR 819 (“General Tire”)
at 824-825 were cited with approval by the Court of Appeal in Ong Seow Pheng
and others v Lotus Development Corp and another [1997] 2 SLR(R) 113. As stated
by Lord Wilberforce in General Tire at 824:

…There are two essential principles in valuing that claim: first, that the
plaintiffs have the burden of proving their loss: second, that, the defendants
being wrongdoers, damages should be liberally assessed but that the object is
to compensate the plaintiffs and not punish the defendants…

[emphasis added]

64 In General Tire at 824, Lord Wilberforce cautioned that in patent
infringement cases, the application of the principles would vary depending on
the particular facts of the case and it would be misleading if fact-specific
decisions and observations are “relied on as establishing a rule of law”. In
general, patentees usually derive remuneration from their inventions either by
manufacturing articles or products which they sell at a profit or by
permitting others to use their inventions under licence in exchange for
royalty payments. In the former situation, the measure of damages would
normally be lost profits on sales which the patentee would otherwise have
made, or lost profit on the patentee’s own sales to the extent that he was
forced by the infringement to reduce his own price. In the latter situation,
the measure of damages will likely be what the patentee would have charged the
defendant for a licence based on the “accepted royalty rate” (see Richard
Miller QC et al, Terrell on the Law of Patents (Sweet & Maxwell, 17th Ed,
2011) (“Terrell on Patents”) at para 19-43). However, “it must be shown that
the circumstances under which the going rate was paid are the same or at least
comparable” with the present situation in which the patentee and infringer are
assumed to strike their bargain (see General Tire at 825).

65 Lord Wilberforce in General Tire also acknowledged (at 826) that there may
be situations where the patentee cannot show a normal or established licence
royalty or a rate of profit as a manufacturer, in which case the plaintiff
would have to adduce admittedly general or hypothetical evidence in the form
of expert opinion or practice in the trade, to support a finding of a
reasonable royalty (also see Terrell on Patents at 19-44).

66 It has been suggested in Cornish Llwelyn and Aplin (at para 2-38) that the
starting point is to ask whether the patentee and infringer are in actual
competition, and if so, whether the infringer might have had the patentee’s
licence if he had sought it. However, if the patentee would not have granted
the licence, the court will look to his losses through competition from the
infringer and it is only where their anticipated profits are in the same
market that the infringer’s gain will be the patentee’s loss. Here, the
concern is not limited to just lost profits on potential sales but damage to
future prospects of the patentee.

Damages payable

67 The Plaintiff argues that its situation is more similar to a patentee who
exploits the patent as a manufacturer and sells the patented articles for
profits, than a patentee who licenses the Patent for profit. The Plaintiff
relies on Mr Barry’s evidence that the Patent is to be used by Acquirers in
the first instance who would be the appropriate licensee. FCC as a competitor
of the Plaintiff was not part of that target audience. 79

##### Foot Note 79

×

BAEIC vol 1 p 219 para 137

Therefore, the proper measure is the lost profits on the contract for offering
automatic DCC services, which the Plaintiff would otherwise have entered into
with UOB. 80

##### Foot Note 80

×

Plaintiff’s closing submissions paras 169-170

I note that during the oral closing submissions, counsel for the Plaintiff
clarified that he was foregoing the alternative argument in the Statement of
Case regarding potential profits from licensing the Patent to FCC, as the
licence would have been granted in any event to UOB and not FCC. 81

##### Foot Note 81

×

NE 7 November 2016 p 91 lines 16-20

68 The Plaintiff argues that there is a substantial chance that it would have
entered into a contract with UOB as a DCC service provider and that FCC’s
actions caused the loss of this contract. 82

##### Foot Note 82

×

Plaintiff’s closing submissions paras 178-179

The issue that arises for determination is whether the loss of profits from
this potential contract should be assessed from the perspective of the
Plaintiff’s negotiations with UOB for a 1.8% share of the net turnover to
accrue to the Plaintiff or by allowing the Plaintiff to step into FCC’s shoes
in the MEA and obtain the 3% Uplift. 83

##### Foot Note 83

×

Plaintiff’s closing submissions paras 182

The Plaintiff submits that the latter approach should be taken, in line with
the principle that damages should be assessed liberally and the principle that
the Defendant should not profit from his wrong. 84

##### Foot Note 84

×

Plaintiff’s closing submissions paras 183

Flowing from this, the Plaintiff would be entitled to the damages equivalent
to the value of the 3% Uplift which is S$18,810,000 and also the Arbitrage
opportunity, valued at not less than the value of the commissions paid to UOB,
which is S$3,157,847.09. 85

##### Foot Note 85

×

Plaintiff’s closing submission para 184

69 As an alternative argument, the Plaintiff submits that if the court
declines to adopt the approach above, it should assess damages “on the basis
of reasonable royalty”. 86

##### Foot Note 86

×

Plaintiff’s closing submissions paras 186

Whilst acknowledging the difficulty with this approach due to the sui generis
nature of the Patent as there was no normal or established royalty rate in the
market at the material time and the fact that it was designed for use by
Acquirers and not competitors like FCC, the Plaintiff submits that the court
would have to proceed on the basis of a hypothetical negotiation for a licence
between the Plaintiff and FCC. In this respect, the Plaintiff submits that the
royalty rate should be 2-2.5%. 87

##### Foot Note 87

×

Plaintiff’s closing submissions para 192-193

70 FCC’s position is that the Plaintiff has failed to prove that there was “a
substantial chance rather than a speculative one” that it could have entered
into a contract with UOB (see Gerber v Lectra at 459) or that FCC’s
infringement caused the loss of this chance. 88

##### Foot Note 88

×

FCC’s closing submissions paras 46-48

FCC submits that UOB entered into the MEA with FCC for other reasons, of which
the Patent-infringing FCC system was merely a peripheral one. 89

##### Foot Note 89

×

FCC’s closing submissions para 49

In fact, Mr Barry admitted during cross-examination that the Plaintiff’s
discussions with UOB were very preliminary and while the automatic DCC
technology was mentioned, the Patent was not mentioned as it had not been
granted yet. 90

##### Foot Note 90

×

NEs 11 October 2016 p 40 to p 41

FCC points out that despite the terms of the Plaintiff’s proposal seeming more
profitable to UOB than those of the MEA, UOB chose to contract with FCC. 91

##### Foot Note 91

×

FCC’s closing submissions para 49(h)(i)

FCC also argues that even if the Plaintiff could step into FCC’s shoes, there
was no lost profit to speak of, because the Plaintiff was likely to have
sustained the same losses as FCC, which made the infringement unprofitable. 92

##### Foot Note 92

×

FCC’s closing submissions paras 52-63

71 As for the alternative argument of a hypothetical licence between FCC and
the Plaintiff, FCC submits that the hypothetical licence fee would have been
nominal. Mr Murphy had testified that there was no market for a licence for
DCC service providers in respect of the Patent in 2001. Mr Murphy and Mr Lim
also agreed that DCC, much less automatic DCC, was in its embryonic stage in
2001 in Singapore. 93

##### Foot Note 93

×

FCC’s closing submissions para 76

FCC also argues that the three sample agreements available on the record are
not helpful in establishing a hypothetical licence rate. 94

##### Foot Note 94

×

FCC’s closing submissions paras 78-90

In gist, any hypothetical licence fee would have been small given the
conditions in 2001 95

##### Foot Note 95

×

FCC’s closing submissions paras 91

. FCC submits that it would have been a nominal $1. 96

##### Foot Note 96

×

FCC’s closing submissions paras 93

FCC submits that even if the court were minded to award the Plaintiff
royalties, it should at best be no more than 0.1% of the net total turnover of
infringing transactions. 97

##### Foot Note 97

×

FCC’s closing submissions paras 94

72 The present situation is not easy to categorize under the framework set out
at [64] as the Plaintiff, being a DCC service provider, does not fall neatly
into either of the two situations delineated. The court has to do the best it
can with the available information. On the facts, I prefer the Plaintiff’s
argument that its position in relation to FCC is closer to the situation of a
patentee who exploits a patent as a manufacturer and sells the patented
articles for profits, than a patentee who licenses the Patent for profit.
Despite the Plaintiff and FCC being competitors, the Plaintiff was not likely
to have offered the licence to its competitor for use. I accept the
Plaintiff’s evidence that any licence it would have given in respect of the
Patent would have been targeted at UOB, not FCC. Following from that, the
measure of damages due to the Plaintiff should be a quantum equivalent to its
loss of profits arising from FCC’s actions.

73 I do accept that it was not certain that the Plaintiff would have entered
into a contract with UOB for provision of automatic DCC services absent FCC’s
infringement. Nevertheless, the possibility was not as speculative as FCC
submits. Mr Lim admitted during cross examination that one of FCC’s selling
points to UOB was that UOB would be a “first market mover” and have a
“competitive advantage” by implementing the FCC system. 98

##### Foot Note 98

×

NEs 18 October 2016 pp 143-144

On a balance of probabilities, given that the infringing FCC system gave UOB a
first mover advantage among the other Acquiring banks, I am of the view that
that the Plaintiff would more likely than not have secured a DCC service-
related contract with UOB, had FCC not offered its infringing FCC system for
use.

74 However, I prefer to proceed on the basis that the damages should be
measured using the MEA as a reference point because this was the least
speculative basis. The Plaintiff’s negotiations with UOB did not materialize
and I see little merit in adopting the hypothetical arrangement of a 1.8-1.2
split of the 3% Uplift. The Plaintiff could well have struck a more favourable
deal than the MEA eventually or a less favourable one with UOB. In my view,
because of the uncertainties surrounding the specifics of the potential
contract that the Plaintiff might have secured and the fact that the DCC
market was nascent such that no similar agreements could be preferred for
comparison, it is not unreasonable to adopt a pragmatic approach to assessing
the damages. It is therefore not unreasonable to proceed on the basis that
FCC’s revenue stream under the MEA could have been that of the Plaintiff’s but
for FCC’s infringement of the Patent.

75 While I agree that the MEA should be used as a point of reference, I do not
agree with the Plaintiff that it is entitled to damages equivalent to the
entire quantum of FCC’s revenue stream under the MEA. The measure of damages
is in terms of the Plaintiff’s loss of profits from FCC’s infringement, which
would mean that the Plaintiff’s potential costs and expenses have to be taken
into account. There is some difficulty in measuring the Plaintiff’s loss of
profits in this case as it provides a specific technical service that only has
a handful of potential customers in Singapore. There is no indication as to
the rates of profit that the Plaintiff could have obtained absent FCC’s
infringement, again due to the Patent’s sui generis nature and the nascent DCC
market in Singapore. I also note the Plaintiff’s lack of physical presence in
Singapore (thereby leading to the difficulty of assessing its operating costs)
and FCC’s submissions that after deducting its costs and expenses, it did not
make a profit during the infringing period. 99

##### Foot Note 99

×

FCC’s skeletal arguments dated 7 November 2016, para 31

76 Mr Lim’s evidence was that “FCC made a cumulative loss during the period of
infringement because its costs outstripped its cumulative revenues” 100

##### Foot Note 100

×

BAEIC vol 3 p 8 para 26

and the targeted breakeven period was five years from the time of
implementation. 101

##### Foot Note 101

×

BAEIC vol 3 p 9 para 30

According to him, FCC eventually broke even in the Financial Year ending in
March 2006, within five years after it started operations in 2001. 102

##### Foot Note 102

×

BAEIC vol 3 p 9 para 33

Although he provided various tables of computation of audited revenue and
audited costs for the infringing period, the numbers given were for FCC’s
operations in Singapore and in Thailand. The numbers were extracted from
various audited and management accounts. The tables show that the audited
revenue for the infringing period was S$46,862,000 while the audited costs for
the same period amounted to S$52,697,000. 103

##### Foot Note 103

×

BAEIC vol 3 pp 11 and 13

From these two numbers, FCC derived revenue for Singapore at S$21,237,000 and
costs at S$32,713,000, thereby resulting in a loss of S$11,476,000 over the
same period.

77 However, in computing the costs component, FCC included provisions for
damages payable to the Plaintiff (S$8,151,000) and actual legal costs and
expert witness fees incurred in this action (S$2,448,000). The costs also
included “HQ costs” which are inter-company charges imposed by FCC’s then
holding company for providing support and assistance to FCC in various areas
such as info-technology system support, marketing, competition analysis,
intellectual property protection, business strategy development, planning,
accounting, finance, taxation and legal. This item amounted to S$5,672,000. In
my view, the first two items relate to costs necessitated by infringement of
the Patent and are not proper operating costs for generating the revenue. The
HQ costs item should also not be taken into account as there is no direct
nexus between them and the DCC system in question. After all, there is also
the item of “Other operating costs” ($9,473,000) in FCC’s computation of its
total costs. If these three items are excluded from the computation, the
overall result is a profit of $4,795,000. 104

##### Foot Note 104

×

BAEIC vol 3 p 14

This is the amount of damages that I hold FCC to be liable to pay the
Plaintiff to compensate the Plaintiff’s loss of profits from FCC’s
infringement.

78 This method of quantifying the damages may have its limitations but in the
circumstances, it is the most fact-based method as opposed to the alternative
approach of assessing damages “on the basis of reasonable royalty” put forth
by the parties. In my view, owing to the sui generis nature of the Patent and
the nascent DCC market such that there was no normal or established royalty
rate at the material time, it is difficult to construct a hypothetical
contract between the Plaintiff and FCC. There is no comparable contract at the
material time that would be similar to the situation between the Plaintiff and
FCC. The “reasonable royalty” approach in this case would be less desirable as
it is a largely speculative exercise, compared to assessing damages from the
loss of profits by the Plaintiff.

79 At [52] above, I found that the Arbitrage opportunity crystallized in the
hands of FCC, so it is also part of FCC’s revenue under the MEA. The Plaintiff
claims that this was worth not less than the commissions given to UOB, which
would be S$3,157,847.09. I note that FCC did not dispute the valuation of the
Arbitrage opportunity. 105

##### Foot Note 105

×

FCC’s skeletal arguments for 7 November 2016 para 30(e)

However, there was no concrete evidence as to how much more the Arbitrage
opportunity was worth. I will therefore proceed on the basis that it was worth
the commissions paid to UOB, ie, S$3,157,847.09. Since FCC, in computing its
costs elements, already took these commissions into account, 106

##### Foot Note 106

×

BAEIC vol 3 p 13

the amount of damages that it has to pay the Plaintiff remains at S$4,795,000.

80 In total, FCC is liable for S$4,795,000 in damages to the Plaintiff.

Exemplary damages

81 The Plaintiff submits that there is no bar in Singapore to the court
awarding exemplary damages, relying on the assistant registrar’s (“the AR”)
decision in Cordlife Group Ltd v Cryoviva Singapore Pte Ltd [2016] SGHCR 5
(“Cordlife Group”) at [10]. 107

##### Foot Note 107

×

Plaintiff’s skeletal arguments for oral closing submissions para 38

Relying on the English case of Cassell & Co v Broome and another [1972] AC
1027, the Plaintiff seeks exemplary damages from FCC on the basis that FCC
made a calculated decision to infringe the Patent and did so with “guilty
knowledge”. 108

##### Foot Note 108

×

Plaintiff’s closing submissions para 201-202

The Plaintiff submits that like the situation in the English case of Ramzam v
Brookwide Limited [2011] 2 All ER 38, exemplary damages are appropriate given
FCC’s deliberate and contumelious disregard for the rights of the Plaintiff as
FCC did not commence revocation proceedings for the Patent before concluding
the MEA with UOB. 109

##### Foot Note 109

×

Plaintiff’s closing submissions para 204-205

The Plaintiff also submits that the genuine remorse of the defendant should be
a relevant consideration in awarding exemplary damages. The Plaintiff argues
that FCC has not shown any remorse for infringing the Patent and its conduct
continued even after the finding of liability in Main-line Liability. 110

##### Foot Note 110

×

Plaintiff’s closing submissions para 210-212

The Plaintiff alleged that FCC has not been forthcoming throughout the
discovery proceedings and verification exercises and submits that FCC has been
intentionally dragging out the Assessment Hearing such that it could
repatriate its profits to its holding companies outside of Singapore “to put
those monies out of the reach of [the Plaintiff]”. 111

##### Foot Note 111

×

Plaintiff’s closing submissions para 213-215

The Plaintiff suggests in its closing submissions that it was possible that
FCC may still be infringing the Patent in Thailand and relies on it as a basis
to claim exemplary damages. 112

##### Foot Note 112

×

Plaintiff’s closing submissions para 221

The Plaintiff therefore submits that FCC’s conduct was so egregious that
compensatory damages will not sufficiently punish or deter FCC’s conduct. 113

##### Foot Note 113

×

Plaintiff’s closing submissions para 222

The Plaintiff also argued that FCC’s infringement emboldened other service
providers and banks in Singapore like DBS and E-Clearing Pte Ltd to infringe
the Patent, thereby diminishing the potential profits from the Patent. 114

##### Foot Note 114

×

Plaintiff’s closing submissions para 229-230

82 The Plaintiff submits at the beginning of its closing submissions that the
quantum of exemplary damages should be S$34.5m but at [238] of its closing
submissions, it submits that a multiplier of 1.5 should be applied to the
award for infringement of damages. This appears inconsistent as applying the
multiplier of 1.5 to the sum they seek in damages would not amount to S$34.5m.

83 FCC submits that exemplary damages are not available for patent
infringement whether under statute or the common law in Singapore. It points
out that the remedies for patent infringement under s 67(1) of the Patents Act
do not include exemplary damages as a possible remedy. This is in
contradistinction to s 119(2)(b), read with s 119(4) of the Copyright Act (Cap
63, 2006 Rev Ed) (“Copyright Act”), which provides the possibility for the
court to award “additional damages as it considers appropriate in the
circumstances” having regard to factors such as the flagrancy of infringement
and benefits that accrued to the defendant as a result of the infringement.
FCC submits that if Parliament intended for there to be exemplary damages for
patent infringement, it would have introduced an equivalent section in the
Patents Act. Therefore, the absence of such an express provision should lead
to the inference that Parliament did not intend that exemplary damages be
awarded. 115

##### Foot Note 115

×

FCC’s closing submissions paras 97, 102, 105

FCC points out that this argument was accepted, albeit in relation to the
Trade Marks Act 1995 (Cth) in Australia, in the case of Paramount Pictures
Corporation v Hasluck [2006] FCA 1431 by the Australian Federal Court.
Further, FCC submits that the English case of Catnic Components Ltd and
another v Hill & Smith Ltd [1983] FSR 512 (“Catnic”), where the High Court
refused to award exemplary damages to the patentee on the basis that it had
never been awarded for patent infringement prior to the landmark case of
Rookes v Barnard [1964] AC 1129 (“Rookes v Barnard”), is binding authority in
Singapore as it was delivered before the repeal of s 5 of the Civil Law Act
(Cap 43) in 1993 by s 6 of the Application of English Law Act (Cap 7A, 1994
Rev Ed). The subsequent developments in English law doubting the decision in
Catnic, such as Kuddus v Chief Constable of Leicestershire Constabulary [2002]
2 AC 122, are only persuasive authority and should not be followed.

84 Thus, a preliminary issue that has to be addressed is whether the court
possesses the power to award exemplary damages for patent infringement in
Singapore, in the light of the provisions of the Patents Act. Neither the
Plaintiff nor FCC addresses this issue in depth.

85 The AR in Cordlife Group, which was cited by the Plaintiff, observed at
[10] that there is no general bar against an award of exemplary damages in
Singapore, given the repeated approval of the categories set out in Rookes v
Barnard by the local courts (see eg. Li Siu Lun v Looi Kok Poh and another
[2015] 4 SLR 667). Nevertheless, the situations in which exemplary damages can
be awarded remain limited.

86 The relevant subsections of s 119 of the Copyright Act state:

119.—

(2) Subject to the provisions of this Act, in an action for an infringement of
copyright, the types of relief that the court may grant include the following:

(a) an injunction (subject to such terms, if any, as the court thinks fit);

(b) damages;

[…]

(4) Where, in an action under this section —

(a) an infringement of copyright is established; and

(b) the court is satisfied that it is proper to do so, having regard to —

(i) the flagrancy of the infringement;

(ii) any benefit shown to have accrued to the defendant by reason of the
infringement; and

(iii) all other relevant matters,

the court may, in assessing damages for the infringement under subsection
(2)(b), award such additional damages as it considers appropriate in the
circumstances.

[emphasis added in italics]

87 The wording of s 119(4) of the Copyright Act allowing for additional
damages suggests a discretion for the court to award what is in fact punitive
or exemplary damages to the patentee. The equivalent legislation in Australia,
s 115(4) of Copyright Act 1968, has been interpreted in the same way (see
Autodesk Inc, Autodesk Australia Pty Limited, Microsoft Corporation and
Microsoft Pty Limited v Michael Yee and Peter Leung (1996) 139 ALR 735 at
739). The wording of s 67(1) of the Patents Act, as contrasted with s 119 of
the Copyright Act, contains no such provision for additional damages. This
suggests that additional damages are not available as a remedy for patent
infringement. The Parliamentary debates offer no assistance on this point. I
therefore think that the better view is that if Parliament had intended
exemplary or punitive damages to be available remedies like under the
Copyright Act, it would have provided so. The Plaintiff has not proffered an
argument to the contrary on this point.

88 The wording of s 67 of the Patents Act and s 119 of the Copyright Act in
Singapore are in pari materia with s 61(1)(c) of the Patents Act 1977 and s
97(2) of the Copyright, Designs and Patents Act 1988 in England. This may
suggest that the English position, which appears permissive towards exemplary
damages for patent infringement (see Terrell on Patents at para 19-58), could
be persuasive in the present case. The AR in Cordlife Group stated at [111]:

Perhaps for the same reason that the cause of action requirement has been
discarded, leading intellectual property rights and torts treatises now
suggest that the court has the discretionary power at common law to award
exemplary damages in cases involving infringements of statutory intellectual
property rights (and passing off) and torts including passing off, as long as
the case falls within one of the three restricted categories set out in Rookes
(see Copinger and Skone James at para 21-201; Richard Miller QC et al, Terrell
on the Law of Patents (Sweet & Maxwell, 17th Ed, 2011) at para 19-58; and
Clerk & Lindsell on Torts (Michael A Jones gen ed) (Sweet & Maxwell, 21st Ed,
2014) at para 28-142).

[emphasis added]

89 It is doubtful that the AR’s observation can apply across all statutory
intellectual property rights. In Cordlife Group, the action was for
infringement of copyright and passing off. The availability of exemplary
damages at common law in patent infringement cases was not specifically
considered.

90 I also note that the English position, which appears more permissive in
awarding exemplary damages in patent infringement, may have been bolstered by
the Intellectual Property (Enforcement, etc.) Regulations 2006 (“the IP
Regulations”) coming into force on 29 April 2006 as part of the United
Kingdom’s obligations under the European Union. Article 3 states:

3.—(1) Where in an action for infringement of an intellectual property right
the defendant knew, or had reasonable grounds to know, that he engaged in
infringing activity, the damages awarded to the claimant shall be appropriate
to the actual prejudice he suffered as a result of the infringement.

(2) When awarding such damages—

(a) all appropriate aspects shall be taken into account, including in
particular—

(i) the negative economic consequences, including any lost profits, which the
claimant has suffered, and any unfair profits made by the defendant; and

(ii) elements other than economic factors, including the moral prejudice
caused to the claimant by the infringement; or

(b) where appropriate, they may be awarded on the basis of the royalties or
fees which would have been due had the defendant obtained a licence.

[emphasis added in italics]

91 Article 3 of the IP Regulations, which applies broadly to infringement of
intellectual property rights, appears to import into patent law the same
discretion to award punitive or exemplary damages that exists in copyright
law. As this regulatory framework does not apply here, we should be cautious
when looking at the English position on exemplary damages in patent
infringement.

92 For completeness, even if exemplary damages were within the court’s
discretion for patent infringement and assuming the second category in Rookes
v Barnard concerning punishing wrongful and calculated conduct applies, I do
not think that the Plaintiff’s claim for exemplary damages would have
succeeded on the facts here. From the procedural history of the case, the
delay of almost ten years for this Assessment Hearing to be conducted is as
much the fault of the Plaintiff and UOB as much as it is FCC’s. I am not
convinced that FCC was deliberately obstructive in this process. Further I
find that the Plaintiff’s allegation that FCC was somehow infringing the
Patent in Thailand is baseless and irrelevant to the present case. After all,
the main suit only related to the infringement of the Patent in Singapore.
During oral submissions, counsel for the Plaintiff stated that the Plaintiff
was not commencing legal action for infringement against FCC in Thailand for
reasons which are unknown and also that “what the facts are and how they do it
and with whom, we don't have details”. 116

##### Foot Note 116

×

NEs 7 November 2016 pp 99-100

The allegation of continuing infringement in Thailand is clearly not backed up
by evidence. The Plaintiff has also not shown that FCC’s actions were
particularly egregious. Therefore, the Plaintiff’s claim for exemplary damages
against FCC is dismissed.

Conclusion

93 I make no further award on the Plaintiff’s claim against UOB. I order FCC
to pay the Plaintiff damages in the sum of S$4,795,000.

94 On the issues of interest and costs of this Assessment Hearing, I now
direct the parties to file and serve written submissions within three weeks of
the date of this judgment. The submissions are restricted to 10 pages for each
party. However, if the parties decide to agree on interest and costs on their
own, the Plaintiff may write to me to seek a consent order without the need
for attendance of counsel.

Tay Yong Kwang  
Judge of Appeal

Wong Siew Hong, Gavin Foo and Regina Lim (Eldan Law LLP) for the plaintiff;  
Eddee Ng, Cheryl Nah, Leonard Loh and Sherlene Goh (Tan Kok Quan Partnership)
for the first defendant;

Koh Chia Ling (instructed), Oh Pin-Ping and Gerald Tan (instructed) (Bird &
Bird ATMD LLP) for the second defendant.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:40 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

