Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the

[2016] SGHC 118

HC/District Court Appeal No 19 of 2015

Between

(1)| Ng Huat Seng  
---|---  
(2)| Kho Sung Chin  
  
… Appellants

And

(1)| Munib Mohammad Madni  
---|---  
(2)| Zahrah Ayub  
  
… Respondents

In the matter of DC Suit No. 1426/2012

Between

(1) Ng Huat Seng

(2) Kho Sung Chin

….Plaintiffs

And

(1) Munib Mohammed Madni

(2) Zahrah Ayub

(3) Esthetix Design Pte Ltd

….Defendants

GROUNDS OF DECISION

[Tort] — [Vicarious liability] — [Independent contractors]

[Tort] — [Negligence] — [Causation]

[Tort] — [Negligence] — [Duty of Care] — [Non-delegable duties]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Ng Huat Seng and another

  
v

  

Munib Mohammad Madni and another

[2016] SGHC 118

High Court — HC/District Court Appeal No 19 of 2015  
See Kee Oon JC  
23 March; 27 April 2016

22 June 2016

See Kee Oon JC:

Introduction

1 This appeal arose out of certain demolition works performed by Esthetix
Design Pte Ltd (“Esthetix”) on the respondents’ property. The respondents had
hired Esthetix to demolish the existing dwelling house on their property and
to construct another in its place. In the course of the demolition, debris
fell on the appellants’ property, causing damage. The District Judge found
that Esthetix was negligent and there was no appeal against that decision.
However, he found that the respondents were not liable because (a) Esthetix
was an independent contractor, (b) the respondents had exercised reasonable
care in the selection of Esthetix, and (c) the demolition works in question
were not “ultra-hazardous” and therefore did not give rise to a non-delegable
duty of care. Dissatisfied, the appellants appealed against all three of the
District Judge’s findings.

2 As this case touched on a few important points of law, policy and principle,
one of which was the fact that this appeared to be the first time that the so-
called “ultra-hazardous exception” had been considered in Singapore at length,
Mr Keith Han was appointed as amicus curiae to assist this court. I record my
appreciation for his submissions on the scope and applicability of the “ultra-
hazardous exception”, which were succinct, thorough, and well-researched. I
derived considerable assistance from them as well as the submissions put
forward by Mr N Sreenivasan SC, and Ms Os Agarwal, both of whom argued their
respective clients’ cases forcefully.

3 After careful consideration of the arguments presented, I was not persuaded
that the District Judge had erred and I therefore dismissed the appeal. I
concluded that the respondents were not vicariously liable as Esthetix was an
independent contractor. I was also not persuaded that there was any basis for
concluding that the respondents bore any personal liability for the damage
that had been caused as they neither (a) failed to exercise due care in the
selection of Esthetix as their contractor nor (b) did they owe the appellants
a non-delegable duty arising out of the performance of the demolition works. I
now set out the detailed grounds for my decision.

Background

4 The facts were largely undisputed and were set out comprehensively in the
District Judge’s grounds of decision, which were reported as Ng Huat Seng and
another v Munib Mohammad Madni and others [2015] SGDC 315 (“the GD”). I will
only set out the facts which are germane to this appeal. The parties are
owners of neighbouring detached properties. The appellants’ house was the
lower: the ground level of their house was two metres lower than the house
which was on the respondents’ property, which lay further up the slope. Their
properties were separated by a wall located on the boundary between the
adjoining lands (“the boundary wall”). The building lines of each house were
three metres away from the boundary wall, which meant that the distance
between the building lines of the parties’ houses was six metres. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Appellant’s case at paras 9–12.

5 The respondents had purchased their property in 2010 with the intention of
demolishing the existing house and building another in its place (“the
works”). The respondents hired Esthetix, a locally incorporated company that
held a Class 2 General Builder’s Licence from the Building and Construction
Authority (“BCA”), as their builder to carry out the works. The first
respondent deposed that this appointment was made on a so-called “turnkey”
basis, by which it was meant that Esthetix – as the main contractor – assumed
carriage of the entire project and was responsible both for designing the
house and for building it, engaging such subcontractors and applying for such
approvals as might be required. He explained that this differed from what he
called the “traditional approach”, where the owner would engage a team of
professionals to design the house and obtain the necessary approvals before
calling for a tender and appointing a main contractor. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

ROA, Vol IIIA, p 3, para 5 (AEIC of Munib Mohammad Madni).

6 Esthetix appointed a number of professional consultants on the project, who
were: 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

ROA, Vol IIIA, pp 6–7, paras 13 and 14 (AEIC of Munib Mohammad Madni).

(a) BDL Group Architects (“BDL”), which provided architectural services. Mr
Wang Chun Jye of BDL was the development’s qualified person for architectural
work.

(b) TH Chuah & Partners LLP (“THC”), which provided civil and structural
engineering services. Er Lee Yen Fong from THC was the development’s qualified
person for structural work.

(c) Tenwit Consultants Pte Ltd for the geotechnical engineering services.

7 Approval from the BCA was sought and obtained on 27 June 2011. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

ROA, Vol V, p 202; Appellant’s case at paras 13–15.

On 5 September 2011, while demolition works were taking place, some debris
from the respondents’ property fell on the boundary wall, damaging it. Some of
the debris also rebounded off the boundary wall and into the appellants’
property. Among other things, the falling debris broke several window panes,
damaged several air-conditioning condensing units located at the exterior of
the appellants’ house, and damaged the integrity of the boundary wall. The
cost of repairing the damage caused was eventually assessed by the District
Judge to be $136,796 (see the GD at [74(b)]).

8 On 22 May 2012, the appellants commenced District Court Suit No 1426 of
2012, naming the respondents and Esthetix as joint defendants. In their
statement of claim, the appellants pleaded that the demolition works were
“particularly hazardous and/or extra-hazardous” and that the respondents were
personally liable for failing to “exercise reasonable care to avoid or prevent
the damage and loss”. It was also pleaded that the appellants had failed to
exercise reasonable care in the appointment of Esthetix. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

ROA, Vol II, p 23, para 7; p 25, paras 10(a)(i) and 10(a)(ii).

In their defence, the respondents denied that the works had been carried out
under their “control, supervision and/or management”. Instead, they pleaded
that Esthetix was an independent contractor which they had taken reasonable
care in selecting and entrusting the performance of the aforementioned works
to. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

ROA, Vol II, pp 19–20, paras 7 and 8.

The District Judge’s decision

9 The District Judge first considered whether Esthetix was a servant (or, in
modern parlance, an employee), in which event the respondents would be held
vicariously liable for its actions, or an independent contractor, in which
event they would not be vicariously liable (see the GD at [21]–[22]). After
reviewing the case-law, the District Judge held that there were two factors
which pointed strongly towards the conclusion that Esthetix was an independent
contractor.

10 First, he found that the respondents exercised little control over the
manner in which Esthetix was to carry out its work. Among other things, the
District Judge pointed to the fact that the appointment was made on a
“turnkey” basis and to the fact that Esthetix enjoyed “significant autonomy
when selecting and appointing the sub-contractors” with whom it contracted
directly (see the GD at [27]–[29]). Second, he found that it was clear that
Esthetix had taken on the project as part of its business for its own account.
Apart from the fact that Esthetix had entered into contracts with the
subcontractors in its “own name”, the District Judge also noted that Esthetix
had charged the respondents goods and services tax. For these reasons, among
others, the District Judge concluded that Esthetix was “an independent
contractor, and not a servant” of the respondents (see the GD at [33]–[35]).

11 Second, the District Judge considered whether the respondents had been
negligent in the selection of Esthetix as its contractor. After examining the
facts and circumstances in their entirety, he held that the respondents had
not fallen short of the standard of care expected of them in the selection of
an independent contractor.

12 Chief among his reasons was the fact that Esthetix held a “Class 2” general
builder’s licence from the BCA. This was significant, he held, because the
grant of such a licence was contingent on satisfaction of the statutory
requirements in the Building Control Act (Cap 29, 1999 Rev Ed), which required
applicants to show that the execution of any building works would be
supervised by a person with the relevant technical experience. He also noted
that the respondents had solicited the opinion of their friends and sought the
advice of their architect, BDL, before confirming Esthetix’s engagement (at
[41]) and that there was no evidence that Esthetix had breached any
regulations or was unsuitable to undertake the works for any reason (at [37]
and [38]). In the circumstances, he found that it was “unobjectionable” for
the respondents to have left the project in the hands of Esthetix and the
qualified persons Esthetix appointed on a “turnkey” basis. As the respondents
were laypersons, the District Judge held that it would be “highly unrealistic”
to expect them to personally supervise the works carried out (at [40]).

13 Last, the District Judge considered if the works were “ultra-hazardous” and
thus gave rise to a non-delegable duty of care. He noted that the “ultra-
hazardous exception” had been the subject of extensive academic and judicial
criticism (at [47]–[49]). Relying heavily on the decision of the English Court
of Appeal in Biffa Waste Services Ltd and another v Maschinenfabrik Ernst Hese
GmbH and others [2009] 3 WLR 324 (“Biffa Waste”), he held that the exception
should be kept “as narrow as possible” and “should be applied only to
activities that are exceptionally dangerous whatever precautions are taken”
(see the GD at [51], citing Biffa Waste at [78]). Applying that approach to
the case, he held that the works did not cross the threshold to being “ultra-
hazardous”.

14 The District Judge noted that there was no proof that any explosives or any
other inherently dangerous procedures were used (at [53]). Demolition works,
while unquestionably dangerous, were not statutorily regarded as being so
exceptionally dangerous that a separate permit had to be obtained in order for
it to be carried out (at [55]). He rejected the appellants’ contention that
the danger arose due to the proximity of the houses. These matters, he
explained, should not be taken into account because they related to the
surrounding circumstances, rather than to the question of whether the works
were so dangerous per se that they gave rise to a non-delegable duty of care
(at [59]). In the premises, he concluded that the respondents were entitled to
rely on the “independent contractor defence” and dismissed the claims against
them.

The issues

15 The parties agreed that the following three issues arose for decision: 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

Appellant’s case at paras 7 and 17; respondents’ case at para 4.

(a) Whether Esthetix was an independent contractor;

(b) Whether the respondents had exercised due care in selecting and appointing
Esthetix as their builder; and

(c) Whether the demolition works were “ultra-hazardous” and therefore gave
rise to a non-delegable duty of care.

16 The first issue concerns the question whether the respondents are
vicariously liable for Esthetix’s negligence. It is crucial to note that
vicarious liability is a form of derivative liability. What this means is that
an employer who is vicariously liable is free of the specific fault which
occasioned the tort (otherwise he would be liable as a primary tortfeasor) but
the law, for reasons of policy, nevertheless holds him legally responsible to
make good the damage caused by another: see Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB
(Publ), Singapore Branch v Asia Pacific Breweries (Singapore) Pte Ltd and
another and another appeal [2011] 3 SLR 540 (“Skandinaviska”) at [76]–[80]).
The independent contractor inquiry is relevant because it is settled law that
an employer is not vicariously liable for the negligence of an independent
contractor: see Management Corporation Strata Title Plan 2297 v Seasons Park
Ltd [2005] 2 SLR(R) 613 (“Seasons Park”) at [37].

17 The second issue relates to the respondents’ alleged liability for failing
to exercise reasonable care in the appointment of an independent contractor. I
shall refer to this as “negligent selection liability”. Negligent selection
liability is personal and it is primary in the sense that the legal
responsibility of the employer flows from his own actions in failing to
exercise reasonable care in the selection process and not from the negligent
acts of another. If an employer does not exercise proper care in the
appointment of the independent contractor then he would be liable for his own
lack of care even though he might not be vicariously liable for torts
committed by the independent contractor (see Seasons Park at [37]).

18 The third issue relates to whether the respondents were in breach of a non-
delegable duty of care. The common law has long recognised that there exist
certain types of cases where, either because of the nature of the act in
question or because of the character of the relationship between the defendant
and the victim, a defendant may be liable for the torts performed by another,
even if that other might be an independent contractor: see Woodland v Swimming
Teachers Association and others [2014] AC 537 (“Woodland”) at [5]–[7]. These
are commonly referred to as “non-delegable duties”. One recognised instance
where a non-delegable duty arises is where the act in question is “extra-
hazardous” (see Seasons Park at [38]). Whether the works fall within this
description is what the third issue is principally concerned with.

19 As Chan Seng Onn J recently emphasised in Management Corporation Strata
Title Plan No 3322 v Mer Vue Developments Pte Ltd and others (King Wan
Construction Pte Ltd and others, third parties) (“Mer Vue”) [2016] 2 SLR 793,
it is incorrect to say that non-delegable duties are an “exception” to the
rule that vicarious liability cannot arise out of the tort of an independent
contractor. Rather, non-delegable duties are “primary and personal” [emphasis
in original], and the breach of a non-delegable duty generates a distinct
basis for imputing personal liability on the employer (see Mer Vue at [16]).
It was stressed that liability for the breach of a non-delegable duty is not
to be taken as a “disguised form of vicarious liability where secondary
liability is still imposed on the employer for its independent contractor’s
tortious acts” [emphasis added] (likewise at [16]).

20 Taken together, these three issues map out the terrain of liability which
the respondents were alleged to be confronted with. They relate to distinct
but inter-related grounds for imputing liability on the respondents. I propose
to take the issues in that order, for that was how it was argued before me. I
will examine the detailed arguments presented by the parties as I go along but
a brief synopsis will suffice for now.

21 Mr Sreenivasan submitted that Esthetix was not an independent contractor so
the respondents are vicariously liable (qua employers) for the negligence of
Esthetix. In the alternative, he contends that the respondents are personally
liable because they had (a) failed to exercise reasonable care in the
selection of Esthetix as their builder and (b) because the works were “ultra-
hazardous” and therefore gave rise to a non-delegable personal duty of care. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

Appellants’ case at paras 28, 38–39, 68, and 91.

Ms Agarwal, on the other hand, argued to the contrary on all three issues. She
contended that Esthetix was an independent contractor which the respondents
had exercised reasonable care in appointing and that the works Esthetix had
been appointed to perform were not ultra-hazardous per se. She therefore
submitted that there was no basis for holding the respondents liable, whether
vicariously or personally. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

Respondents’ case at paras 8, 12, and 26.

Were the respondents vicariously liable for Esthetix’s negligence?

22 Mr Sreenivasan did not appear to dispute the District Judge’s application
of the law as it stood. Instead, his primary argument was that the time had
come for this court to adopt a different test for determining when the
“defence of independent contractor” should be available to an employer.
Indeed, he went further than that, for he effectively argued that an entirely
new approach should be taken towards questions of vicarious liability
altogether. He contended that the court should move beyond what he termed the
“traditional test of employment” as a basis for the imposition of vicarious
liability (which, concomitantly, suggests that vicarious liability should not
be imposed for the acts of an independent contractor) towards a more policy-
centric approach. What mattered most was whether the policy considerations
operating in this area of the law – (a) effective compensation for victims;
(b) loss-spreading; and (c) deterrence of future harm – behoved the imposition
of vicarious liability. He argued that these three policy considerations
justified the imposition of vicarious liability in this case. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

Appellant’s case at paras 30; 34–37; Appellant’s skeletal submissions at paras
20–22, 27 (particularly para 22(c)).

Alternatively, he argued that it would be “fair and just” to hold the
respondents vicariously liable because there was a “close connection” between
the risks posed by the works Esthetix were hired to perform and the harm
suffered by the appellants. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

Appellant’s case at para 30; also, paras 29–33 more generally.

In support of his submissions, Mr Sreenivasan relied heavily on the decision
of the UK Supreme Court in Various Claimants v Catholic Child Welfare Society
and others [2012] 3 WLR 1319 (the “Christian Brothers case”).

23 With respect, I could not agree with his submissions. To explain why, I
find it necessary to discuss the law of vicarious liability more generally
before coming back to the issue of whether Esthetix is an independent
contractor. I shall first examine the judgment of the UK Supreme Court in the
Christian Brothers case in some detail because of the importance it played in
the parties’ submissions. I then consider how the independent contractor
argument may be understood in light of my analysis of the Christian Brothers
case before examining the arguments presented by Mr Sreenivasan in detail.

The Christian Brothers case

24 The question in the Christian Brothers case was whether a Roman Catholic
teaching order (“the Institute”), an international unincorporated association,
was vicariously liable for the sexual abuse committed by members of its order
who had taught at a boys’ residential school in England. The school was
managed by another organisation which ran the school and concluded contracts
of employment with the teachers who taught there. The English High Court and
Court of Appeal both concluded that this organisation was vicariously liable
but that the Institute was not. There was only an appeal against the finding
that the Institute was not vicariously liable. On appeal, the UK Supreme Court
reversed the decisions of the lower courts and held that the Institute was
vicariously liable.

25 Lord Phillips of Worth Matravers, with whom the rest of the court agreed,
explained that any discussion of vicarious liability classically invited a
two-stage inquiry (at [19]): (a) first, whether there a true employer/employee
relationship between the defendant and the tortfeasor; (b) second, whether the
tortfeasor was acting “in the course of his employment” when he committed the
tortious act. Collectively, these set out the two cumulative conditions that
had to be satisfied in order for a defendant to be held vicariously liable for
the conduct of another. For ease of exposition, I have, drawing on the
judgment of Lord Reed JSC in Cox v Ministry of Justice [2016] 2 WLR 806
(“Cox”) at [2], reformulated these two stages in more general terms (stripped
of the language of employment – the significance of which will soon be clear):

(a) First, the relationship between the tortfeasor and the defendant must be
of a type which is capable of giving rise to a finding of vicarious liability.

(b) Second, the conduct of the tortfeasor must possess a sufficient connection
with the relationship between the tortfeasor and the defendant such that it
may be said that vicariously liability may arise.

26 In relation to the first issue, Lord Phillips held that while the doctrine
of vicarious liability had developed in the context of an employer-employee
relationship, it was no longer so limited. Thus, the fact that the
perpetrators were not employees of the Institute was not an insuperable
barrier to a finding of vicarious liability. At [35], he put the point in this
way:

The relationship that gives rise to vicarious liability is in the vast
majority of cases that of employer and employee under a contract of
employment. The employer will be vicariously liable when the employee commits
a tort in the course of his employment. There is no difficulty in identifying
a number of policy reasons that usually make it fair, just and reasonable to
impose vicarious liability on the employer when these criteria are satisfied:
(i) the employer is more likely to have the means to compensate the victim
than the employee and can be expected to have insured against that liability;
(ii) the tort will have been committed as a result of activity being taken by
the employee on behalf of the employer; (iii) the employee’s activity is
likely to be part of the business activity of the employer; (iv) the employer,
by employing the employee to carry on the activity will have created the risk
of the tort committed by the employee; (v) the employee will, to a greater or
lesser degree, have been under the control of the employer.

These five factors, he later explained at [47], set out those “incidents of
the relationship between employer and employee that make it fair, just and
reasonable to impose vicarious liability”. Where they are present, it may
properly be said that the relationship is one which is “akin to that between
an employer and an employee” and is therefore one which may give rise to
vicarious liability (likewise at [47]).

27 On the facts, he held that the relationship between the Institute and its
members satisfied this test. Among other things, he pointed to the fact that
the Institute conducted its affairs as a corporate body and that it directed
the emplacement of its members in the schools within its worldwide network.
All of the perpetrators had been sent to the school at the direction of the
Institute and one of them served as its headmaster. Furthermore, while the
members of the Institute were bound to it not by contract, they had taken
religious vows in which they swore to pay their earnings to the Institute and
to follow its precepts, both in the conduct of their lives and in the manner
in which they conducted themselves as teachers. In the circumstances, he
concluded that the relationship between the Institute and its members was, if
anything, closer than that of one between an employer and its employees and
was clearly capable of giving rise to vicarious liability.

28 In relation to the second issue, Lord Phillips explained that the
traditional approach was that an employer would be vicariously liable for all
acts of an employee that were done “in the course of the employment” (at
[62]). This clearly embraced situations involving the negligent performance of
an authorised act, but the difficulty lay in cases where an employee had
intentionally committed a tort. In such a situation, the modern position in
the English authorities was that vicarious liability could be found where
there was a “close connection” between the tort and the relationship between
the defendant and the tortfeasor. Elaborating, he explained that this grew out
of the modern approach towards vicarious liability, which saw matters through
the prism of the theory of “enterprise risk”: since employers, through
engaging in business, had put the risk of tortious acts arising out into the
world, it was fair and just that they should be liable when such risk
eventuated (at [75]). At [86], he put matters in the following terms:

Starting with the Canadian authorities a common theme can be traced through
most of the cases to which I have referred. Vicarious liability is imposed
where a defendant, whose relationship with the abuser put it in a position to
use the abuser to carry on its business or to further its own interests, has
done so in a manner which has created or significantly enhanced the risk that
the victim or victims would suffer the relevant abuse. The essential closeness
of connection between the relationship between the defendant and the
tortfeasor and the acts of abuse thus involves a strong causative link.

29 On the facts, Lord Phillips held that this requirement had also been
satisfied. The central mission of the Institute was the provision of Christian
education to boys under its care, and it was in the furtherance of this
mission that the perpetrators were sent to teach at the school. Further, each
of the perpetrators had only come to teach at the school because of their
status as members of the Institute, and once they were there, the victims –
who came from difficult backgrounds and were particularly vulnerable as a
result – were placed in their charge. In conclusion, the perpetrators’ abuse
of these children, while a complete abnegation of their duties to the
Institute and a gross abuse of their positions, were acts which bore a close
connection with their relationship with the Institute and were therefore acts
in respect of which the Institute could be held vicariously liable.

30 The Christian Brothers case is instructive both because it provides a
comprehensive re-statement of the current position of English law on the
subject of vicarious liability and because of the two-stage approach which it
introduced. It was recently affirmed in a pair of decisions handed down by the
UK Supreme Court early this year (see Cox at [2], Mohamud v Wm Morrison
Supermarkets plc [2016] 2 WLR 821 at [1]). However, it must be remembered that
the facts of the Christian Brothers case were quite unique for two reasons.
First, the perpetrators of the abuse, while members of the Institute, were not
its employees. Second, the sexual abuse was clearly something that the
perpetrators were specifically enjoined from doing. It was against that
background that the two-stage approach was propounded as a basis for
identifying (a) the circumstances in which vicarious liability may be imposed
outside relationships of employment and (b) to reflect the modern consensus
about the responsibilities of businesses for the risks created by their
activities, even if the harms that flow from these risks do not, strictly
speaking, arise as a result of acts or omissions taken by the employees of
these businesses in the course of their employment (see Cox at [29]).

31 At a later part of the same paragraph of Cox, Lord Reed JSC explained the
significance of the Christian Brothers case and the two-stage approach which
it introduced in the following terms (likewise at [29]):

… It results in an extension of the scope of vicarious liability beyond the
responsibility of an employer for the acts and omissions of its employees in
the course of their employment, but not to the extent of imposing such
liability where a tortfeasor’s activities are entirely attributable to the
conduct of a recognisably independent business of his own or of a third party.
An important consequence of that extension [of the scope of vicarious
liability] is to enable the law to maintain previous levels of protection for
the victims of torts, notwithstanding changes in the legal relationships
between enterprises and members of their workforces which may be motivated by
factors which have nothing to do with the nature of the enterprises’
activities or the attendant risks. [emphasis added in italics and bold
italics]

32 I have emphasised the phrase “maintain previous levels of protection” to
stress that the two-stage approach was never intended to inaugurate a radical
change in the law of vicarious liability, but to systematise and update it in
the light of modern business realities. The two-stage approach is valuable
because it identifies the two core requirements that must be satisfied in all
cases of vicarious liability; as an analytical tool, it really comes into its
own in marginal cases, where it provides a principled and clear framework for
use in determining if vicarious liability should arise outside relationships
of employment, which had traditionally been the preserve of vicarious
liability. However, as Lord Reed JSC emphasised, the two-stage approach should
not be taken to have rendered the old case-law otiose or to have sanctioned a
significant expansion in the ambit of vicarious liability. This is a
significant point which I shall return to in the next section.

The “independent contractor defence”

33 As I noted at [16] above, it is well-established that vicarious liability
does not attach to acts performed by independent contractors. The reason for
this, to put it in terms of the two-stage approach, is that if the tortfeasor
is an independent contractor the requisite employer-employee relationship is
absent and there can be no basis for holding the employer vicariously liable.
It is only in this sense that a plea that the tortfeasor is an independent
contractor may be said to be, as Mr Sreenivasan put it, a “defence” to
vicarious liability: see BNM (administratrix of the estate of B, deceased) on
her own behalf and on behalf of others v National University of Singapore and
others and another appeal [2014] 4 SLR 931 (“BNM”) at [16]. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

Appellants’ case at para 28.

34 The reason for this blanket exclusion of independent contractors is because
there is generally no justification, either in policy or in principle, for the
imposition of vicarious liability for the acts of independent contractors. In
Skandinaviska, Chan Sek Keong CJ, delivering the judgment of the court,
explained at [76] that two important policy considerations underpinned the
doctrine of vicarious liability, namely: (a) effective compensation for the
victim and (b) deterrence of future harm by encouraging employers to take
steps to reduce the incidence of accidents or tortious behaviour by their
employees through efficient organisation and supervision. However, neither of
these aims would be achieved through the imposition of vicarious liability for
the acts of independent contractors.

35 Independent contractors are hired in a variety of situations and engaged to
perform a variety of tasks and it is very often the case that the hirers are
individuals, rather than persons who are carrying on a business. Often, these
hirers do not possess the financial wherewithal to make good the losses
sustained by the torts of these contractors. Further, they are often in no
position to exert any meaningful control over the activities of independent
contractors since they are not part of their organisation. To make the hirers
vicariously liable for the acts of independent contractors would neither serve
the aim of victim compensation nor that of effective deterrence.

36 But even if it could be shown that the aims of victim compensation and
deterrence could be achieved through the imposition of vicarious liability on
these hirers, it would not be enough. As Chan CJ cautioned at [81] of
Skandinaviska, “[t]he courts are… neither welfare agencies nor workplace
safety regulators”. The fact that a person can easily bear a loss does not,
without more, justify the conclusion that the law ought to make him do so.
Tort law is still primarily a system of norms of personal responsibility and a
principled moral basis for the imposition of liability is required (see Peter
Cane, “The Changing Fortunes of Rylands v Fletcher” (1994) 24 WAL Rev 237 at
243). This moral basis can be found in the concept of “enterprise risk”, which
Chan CJ alluded to at [77] of Skandinaviska, where he wrote, “a person who
employs another to advance his own interests and thereby creates a risk of his
employee committing a tort should bear responsibility for any adverse
consequences resulting therefrom.”

37 The concept of an “enterprise risk” rose to prominence after it was
discussed in the decision of the Canadian Supreme Court in Bazley v Curry
[1999] 2 SCR 534 at [22] and it now dominates modern discussions on the
subject of vicarious liability (see Cox at [23]–[24] per Lord Reed; the
Christian Brothers case at [86] per Lord Phillips). It is not just a unifying
idea or grand theme but the normative foundation for the doctrine of vicarious
liability. As Rix LJ put it in Viasystems (Tyneside) Ltd v Thermal Transfer
(Northern) Ltd and others [2006] 2 WLR 428 at [55], “those who set in motion
and profit from the activities of their employees should compensate those who
are injured by such activities even when performed negligently.” In short,
where the incidence of benefit falls, so, too, should the risk. Since
employers, through engaging in business, have put the risk of tortious acts
arising out into the world, they should be liable when the risk eventuates.

38 The point, for present purposes, is that the imposition of vicarious
liability for the acts of independent contractors can never be justified on
the basis of the theory of enterprise risk. By definition, an independent
contractor is one who is not part of the hirer’s organisation and is instead a
person who is “performing services as a person of business on his own account”
(see the GD at [24]). The independent contractor carries on business for his
own benefit, and thus, any risks of harm arising from the independent
contractor’s conduct (the enterprise risk) should properly fall on the
independent contractor alone. As I noted above, even the UK, which has
embraced the policy-driven approach, has not countenanced the imposition of
vicarious liability for acts performed by independent contractors (see [32]
above).

The appellant’s arguments in light of the Christian Brothers principles

39 For these reasons, I agreed with Mr Sreenivasan that the modern approach
towards the question of vicarious liability has been to move away from a rigid
adherence to labels (“employer-employee”; “course of employment” etc.) towards
a more open-textured analysis grounded in a consideration of the policy
objectives underpinning the doctrine of vicarious liability (see Skandinaviska
at [82]–[83]). However, I did not agree that this meant that the distinction
between employees and independent contractors should be jettisoned entirely.
As I explained above, considerations of principle and policy continue to
militate against the imposition of vicarious liability and the same outcome
(ie, that the respondents should not be held vicariously liable for Esthetix’s
negligence if it could be shown that Esthetix was an independent contractor)
would also be reached on an application of the two-stage approach set out in
the Christian Brothers case.

40 I was also not persuaded by Mr Sreenivasan’s alternative argument, which
was that the “close connection” test could be used to justify the extension of
vicarious liability. In my judgment, this argument puts the cart before the
horse. In order for vicarious liability to arise, two cumulative conditions
must be satisfied: (a) the relationship must be capable of giving rise to
vicarious liability and (b) the tortious act must bear a sufficient connection
with the said relationship. Each limb of the test serves a different purpose:
The former defines the circumstances in which vicarious liability may arise;
the latter operates to limit the ambit of vicarious liability within the
confines of that relationship. Here, the appellants’ argument fails at the
first hurdle – the relationship between the respondents and Esthetix is not of
a type which can give rise to vicarious liability.

41 As I noted at the outset (see [22] above), Mr Sreenivasan did not dispute
the District Judge’s identification of the applicable legal test for
determining if a person is a servant or independent contractor or that, upon
the application of this existing test, Esthetix was an independent contractor.
Because of this, all that really need be said is that I agreed with the
District Judge that (a) the applicable test is that which was that set out by
the Court of Appeal at [29] of BNM: ie, “whether the contractor was performing
services as a business on his own account”; and (b) that on the application of
this test, Esthetix was clearly an independent contractor. In my assessment,
the most important factors are that Esthetix: 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

Respondent’s case at para 8.

(a) concluded contracts with the various consultants and sub-contractors in
its own name (see the GD at [29]);

(b) hired its own employees and was solely responsible for their management
and supervision; 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

ROA, Vol IIIB, p 181, lines 1–20 (cross-examination of Munib Mohammad Madni).

(c) took out insurance in its own name (see the GD at [71]); 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

ROA, Vol IIIA, pp 204; ROA, Vol V, p 133–134.

(d) maintained a separate account from the respondents and regularly received
lump sum payments from the respondents which it retained as profits (see the
GD at [33]).

42 For these reasons, I upheld the District Judge’s decision that the
respondents are not vicariously liable for Esthetix’s negligence because the
latter was an independent contractor.

Were the respondents negligent in the selection of Esthetix?

43 Generally speaking, all who seek to carry out tasks through the agency of
an independent contractor (I use the expression “agency” in its non-legal and
non-technical sense) owe a duty of care to those who might be affected by the
actions of the independent contractor to exercise reasonable care and skill in
the selection of a suitable contractor. In this case, the parties did not
dispute that such a duty existed. Instead, they only disagreed on whether it
had been breached on the facts. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

Appellant’s case at para 38; respondent’s case at para 11.

44 Mr Sreenivasan accepted that the respondents took some steps to satisfy
themselves that Esthetix would be a suitable contractor – these steps were set
out in the affidavit that the first respondent filed in this suit, and they
were succinctly summarised in the District Judge’s GD (see [12] above).
However, Mr Sreenivasan submitted that the steps taken were insufficient and
that the respondents ought to have done more. Among other things, he said that
the respondents ought to have examined Esthetix’s Accounting and Corporate
Regulatory Authority (“ACRA”) records, and taken steps to find out how much
experience Esthetix had with the conduct of demolition works. In particular,
he stressed that it was insufficient for the respondents to have relied on the
testimony of their friends, who were laypersons like themselves, and that they
should have sought the views of persons who were familiar with the industry
before appointing Esthetix as their builder. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

Appellant’s case at paras 50, 63, 65.

Causation

45 The principal difficulty with this submission is that it rests on the
premise that had the respondents done as Mr Sreenivasan says they ought, they
would have discovered that Esthetix was unsuitable and not have selected it as
their builder. The issue is one of causation. In order for the appellants to
make out their case against the respondents on the ground of negligent
selection liability, it would not be enough to show that the respondents had
been derelict in their selection of a contractor; they must also show that the
respondent’s dereliction of their duty of careful selection had caused them
loss. In other words, the appellants must show that the respondents would not
have selected Esthetix if they had exercised reasonable care in the selection
process. For the reasons which follow, the appellants had not, in my judgment,
proved this.

46 At the time it was selected by the respondents as their contractor,
Esthetix (a) had the requisite Class 2 Builder’s licence; (b) had a clean
safety record; (c) was recommended by BDL – a firm of professional architects
– and by the respondents’ friends, both of whom had worked with Esthetix
before. In short, as Ms Agarwal pointed out, there was no evidence to suggest
that Esthetix was an unsuitable for appointment. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

Respondent’s case at paras 11–14.

The only red flag which Mr Sreenivasan was able to point to was the fact that
the performance of demolition works was not listed as one of the principal
activities performed by Esthetix on its ACRA profile. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

Appellant’s case at para 65.

However, as the District Judge rightly pointed out, this was merely
information which was provided for the purposes of Esthetix’s incorporation
(which took place in 2007), and was not particularly probative as to whether
Esthetix had the requisite expertise in the area of demolition works (see the
GD at [39]). 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

ROA, Vol V, p 268.

47 The same went for Mr Sreenivasan’s point that the respondents ought to have
consulted with persons who were familiar with the industry. As a preliminary
point, I note that the respondents did in fact seek the views of persons in
the industry, for they sought the views of BDL, which recommended Esthetix.
But even putting that aside, the pertinent point is there was no evidence that
further industry inquiries would have made any difference. The appellants did
not lead any evidence to the effect that Esthetix had a bad safety record,
that it had acquired a reputation for poor performance in the industry, or
that there was otherwise anything irregular which would have been turned up in
an inquiry that would have made a difference to the appointment. Shortly put,
there was simply no evidence upon which the court might conclude that the
inquiries would have resulted in answers that would have been unfavourable and
led to an alternative appointment.

48 A parallel may be drawn with Hong Cassley and others v GMP Securities
Europe LLP and another [2015] EWHC 722 (QB) (“Cassley”). The plaintiffs in
that case were the dependents of a man who had died in an air-crash while on
company business. It was ascertained that the crash had occurred due to pilot
error. The plaintiffs sued the company, arguing that they had been negligent
in not making more inquiries. It was pleaded that had such inquiries been
made, the company would not have allowed their employee to board the plane and
would instead have put him on a flight managed by a more competent carrier,
averting the disaster. This argument was rejected by Coulson J. He found that
even if the company had made the inquiries which the plaintiffs said they
ought, this would not have made a difference. The company would still have
been told that the carrier selected had been recommended by other pilots, that
it had the requisite certification, that it had successfully plied that route
before, and that the second defendant had already used the carrier’s services
successfully before (at [250]). In essence, the company would not have heard
anything to doubt the reliability of the carrier and led them to forbid their
employee from boarding the plane. In the circumstances, the claim against the
company faced a “causation gap” which was “unbridgeable” and had to fail (at
[236]).

49 Likewise, it seemed to me that even if the respondents had done whatever Mr
Sreenivasan submitted they ought to have done (and assuming further that their
failure to do so constituted a breach of duty), there was no evidence that the
respondents would have chosen any differently or that they would have had any
reason to have chosen differently. Indeed, there was no evidence that the
respondents were considering alternative contractors besides Esthetix. Without
proof that the respondents would have made an alternative selection, the
appellants could not succeed in establishing that the respondents’ alleged
breach of duty led to their loss and their claim failed.

50 The case of Michael John Bottomley v Todmorden Cricket Club [2003] EWCA Civ
1575 (“Bottomley”), which Mr Sreenivasan cited in support of his argument, is
readily distinguishable. In Bottomley, the defendant cricket club hired a
stunt-team to perform a pyrotechnic display on their premises. The stunt-team
engaged the assistance of the plaintiff, a volunteer, to help them prime the
mortars by filling them with gunpowder. As the plaintiff was priming the
second mortar, its contents exploded and he was severely injured. The
plaintiff then brought suit against the cricket club, alleging that they had
failed in their duty to take reasonable care in the selection of a suitable
contractor. At first instance, the judge found as a fact that the stunt team
were “inexperienced and largely ignorant of basic safety requirements for the
discharge of pyrotechnics” and, further, that this fact could be discovered if
reasonable care were taken to inquire into its credentials (at [25]). This
finding was upheld by the English Court of Appeal, which commented that the
performance of such basic checks would, in all likelihood, have led to either
the cancellation of the event or an obligation on the stunt team to show the
cricket club its safety plan, which would have required it to pay proper
attention to the plaintiff’s safety. These steps would probably have prevented
the accident (at [40] and [48]).

51 The difference between Bottomley and the present case is plain. Bottomley
concerned an independent contractor in respect of which proper checks would
have revealed to be (a) manifestly unsuitable for the task assigned and (b)
led to the cancellation of the event or at least led the cricket club to
insist that a safety plan be furnished. For that reason, the cricket club’s
failure to conduct the requisite checks was causally linked to the plaintiff’s
injury. The causal link was absent in this case. Even if the respondents had
conducted the checks that the appellants said they should, they would not have
uncovered anything to suggest that Esthetix was unsuitable for appointment or
given it reason not to have selected Esthetix. Without causation, there cannot
be a complete tort of negligence. In my judgment, this is fatal to the
appellants’ case and I therefore dismissed the appeal on the second issue.

Breach of duty

52 In the circumstances, there is no need for me to examine in detail whether
the respondents had breached their duty of care. All I will say is that I was
not persuaded that they had, for the reasons given by the District Judge.
Whether there has been a breach of duty depends crucially on the standard of
care to be applied. The standard to be applied is that of a reasonable person
in the circumstances of the defendant (see Blyth v The Company of Proprietors
of the Birmingham Waterworks (1856) 11 Ex 781 per Alderson B). The salient
facts of the present case were these. The respondents were laypersons who
desired to construct their own home. To that end, they employed the “turnkey”
approach, which affords a contractor a great deal of latitude in the
construction process. While it was put to the respondents that they only had
chosen this method because it was cheaper (they denied this), it was not
challenged that this was an accepted industry practice at the time and a
“common choice for homeowners in Singapore”. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

ROA, Vol IIIB, p 165, line 24 to p 166, line 31; Appellant’s case at para 36

53 The respondents then took the following steps before appointing Esthetix as
their builder:

(a) They consulted their friends who had worked with Esthetix and had received
a favourable report. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

AEIC of Munib Mohammad Madni (“R1’s AEIC”) at paras 21(a).

(b) They ascertained that Esthetix had the requisite Class 2 licence from the
BCA. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

ROA, Vol IIIB, p 87, lines 16–27.

(c) They obtained an assurance that Esthetix would obtain the necessary
approvals and take the requisite safety precautions before proceeding. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

AEIC of Munib Mohammad Madni (“R1’s AEIC”) at para 17.

(d) They relied on their personal interactions with Esthetix, whom they had
consulted when they viewed various properties with a view towards purchasing
one. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

R1’s AEIC at paras 17 and 21.

54 When I considered the matters in their totality, I was satisfied that the
respondents had done that which could be expected of reasonable persons in
those circumstances and that they were not negligent in choosing Esthetix as
their builder.

Did the respondents breach a non-delegable duty of care?

55 I now turn to the final issue, which concerns the question whether the
respondents bore a non-delegable duty of care to ensure that Esthetix took
reasonable care in the performance of the works. This is a difficult area of
the law, and one in which much has been written of late. I propose to first
say something about the general nature of non-delegable duties before
examining the detailed arguments put forward by the parties.

The distinctive nature of non-delegable duties

56 The expression “non-delegable” is apt to mislead insofar as it suggests
that the delegation of a task to another is usually accompanied also by a
delegation of the duty of care associated with the performance of that task,
and that the cases in which non-delegable duties arise are an exception to
this. This is not correct. Strictly speaking, a task can be delegated, but a
duty of care cannot. Take, for example, the case of M’Alister (or Donoghue)
(Pauper) v Stevenson [1932] AC 562 (“Donoghue v Stevenson”). The manufacturer
of the ginger beer owed a duty of care to his consumers to ensure that he took
reasonable care to manufacture products which were safe for consumption,
including by taking steps to supervise the manufacturing process. To that end,
he could have hired third party safety or quality control inspectors to watch
over the production process to ensure that no foreign substances made its way
into the product. If he did so, the manufacturer might have delegated the task
of supervision to the inspectors, but the duty of ensuring that reasonable
care was taken would still reside with the manufacturer: see Glanville
Williams, “Liability for Independent Contractors” [1956] CLJ 180 at 184.

57 So what is the law of non-delegable duties concerned with? To answer this,
one has to first remember that the general rule is that liability in tort is
generally contingent on personal fault. A defendant is not ordinarily
personally liable for the acts of others, as he – not being the one who
performed the act – usually holds no relevant duty to ensure that the act was
performed safely. Thus, a person who hires an independent contractor to do X
ordinarily holds no duty of care in respect of the safe performance of X per
se; instead, his duty of care is to select a reasonably competent contractor,
for the only act he has performed is the hiring of the contractor, and it is
only in respect of this act of hiring that he holds a duty of care (this
relates to the notion of “negligent selection liability” discussed above). The
contractor, who actually does X, is the one who bears a duty of care to do X
with reasonable care. If the contractor performs X negligently, there is
usually no basis for holding the hirer responsible.

58 One exception to the above is where the hirer is vicariously liable. In
this case, secondary liability for the tort is imputed to the defendant by
law. This is a form of derivative, not personal, liability and it does not
apply where the person to whom the task is delegated is an independent
contractor (see [33] above). Another exception, which is what this section is
concerned with, is where the defendant holds a non-delegable duty. A non-
delegable duty of care is one in which “the duty extends beyond being careful
[in the performance of one’s own acts], to procuring the careful performance
of work delegated to others (see Woodland at [5] per Lord Sumption JSC). A
breach of a non-delegable duty of care gives rise to personal, not derivative,
liability. A duty of this sort is only “non-delegable” in the sense that it is
no answer to a breach of a non-delegable duty to say that the act in question
had been performed by another, for the careful monitoring of work performed by
others is precisely the scope of a non-delegable duty.

59 In short, to describe a duty as “non-delegable” is to state a proposition
about the nature and content of the duty of care (see the decision of the High
Court of Australia in Leichhardt Municipal Council v Montgomery (2007) 233 ALR
200 (“Leichhardt”) at [6] per Gleeson CJ). Specifically, it is to say that the
duty of care consists of a positive duty to ensure that a third party does
something with reasonable care. Positive duties are unusual, but not unheard
of. Positive duties may be imposed by statute (see, eg, Mer Vue at [27]), but
they may also be imposed under the common law. The common law imposes a
positive duty on persons in respect of the acts of third parties in some
instances, usually where there is a special relationship between the defendant
and the third party or where the defendant is responsible for creating a
source of danger which may be triggered by the third party (see Smith v
Littlewoods Organisation Ltd [1987] AC 241 (“Smith”) at 271–274 per Lord
Goff).

60 A duty of this sort often amounts, in practical terms, to strict liability.
Strictly speaking, the content of a non-delegable duty is to “see that
reasonable skill and care” is exercised by an independent contractor in the
performance of his task; it does not amount to a legal guarantee that no harm
at all would result (see George Martin Hughes v John Percival (1883) 8 App Cas
443 at 446 per Lord Blackburn). However, since independent contractors are
persons over whom their hirers exercise little control, a duty to “see that”
an independent contractor takes reasonable care in the performance of his
duties is “a duty to do the impossible” (see Leichhardt at [23] per Gleeson
CJ). What is required of the hirer is a degree of diligence so unattainable
that it leads, for all intents and purposes, to strict liability (see Burnie
Port Authority v General Jones Pty Ltd (1994) 120 ALR 42 (“Burnie”) at 65 per
Mason CJ).

61 Another feature of non-delegable duties is that there is no unified theory
to explain their existence. In Woodland at [6], Lord Sumption JSC explained
that there were two broad situations in which non-delegable duties may arise
(cited with approval in Mer Vue at [21]). The first was what he described as a
“large, varied, and anomalous class of cases” in which an independent
contractor had been hired to perform a function which was “inherently
dangerous or likely to become so in the course of his work” (at [6]). The
second was a group of cases in which there existed an assumption of
responsibility by virtue of the special character of the relationship between
the defendant and the claimant (at [11]–[12]). Both Woodland and Mer Vue were
concerned with the second category; here, we are concerned with the first.

62 The District Judge held that the respondents did not hold a non-delegable
duty in this case because the works in question were not ultra-hazardous.
However, Mr Sreenivasan challenged the District Judge’s finding that the
respondents did not hold a non-delegable duty on two main grounds:

(a) First, he argued that the District Judge had misread the decision of the
English Court of Appeal in Biffa Waste and had therefore erroneously concluded
that the surrounding circumstances (in this case, the proximity of the two
houses) could not be taken into account in determining whether an activity is
ultra-hazardous. He submitted that had the surrounding circumstances been
taken into account, the proper conclusion to be drawn was that the works were
ultra-hazardous and thus gave rise to a non-delegable duty of care. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

Appellant’s case at paras 69–71; 75–77; Appellant’s skeletal arguments at para

(b) Second, and even if the present case could not be described as “ultra-
hazardous” as it was traditionally understood, he contended that the
respondents nevertheless owed a duty of care to see to it that Esthetix
performed the demolition works safely, pursuant to the general principles of
the law of negligence. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

Appellant’s skeletal arguments at paras 13, 18; 23-–24.

63 Mr Sreenivasan’s two submissions may be understood in the following way.
The first submission engages the traditional approach towards determining the
existence of a non-delegable duty of care and it asks the question whether the
present situation falls within the first of two scenarios described in
Woodland. The second submission relies on the more general approach in the law
of negligence and it asks the question whether, on an application of the
framework set out in Spandeck Engineering (S) Pte Ltd v Defence Science &
Technology Agency [2007] 4 SLR(R) 100 (“Spandeck”), a duty of care with the
features I identified at [59]–[60] arises on these facts. I will take each
sub-issue in turn.

The doctrine of ultra-hazardous acts

64 I begin with that area of the law that governs the conduct of what has
variously been referred to as “ultra-hazardous”, “extra-hazardous”, or
“unusually dangerous” acts. As observed in Biffa Waste at [62], nothing turns
on these differences in nomenclature and I shall, consistently with the
parties’ usage, adopt the expression “ultra-hazardous”. In essence, the
proposition is that there are certain acts which are so dangerous that the law
says that any person who procures their performance cannot escape legal
liability if harm is caused by their negligent performance, even if the act
itself was performed by an independent contractor. I shall refer to this
principle as the “doctrine of ultra-hazardous acts” instead of the “ultra-
hazardous exception”, which was how the parties and the District Judge had
referred to. For the reasons set out at [19] above, I do not think that the
expression “exception” is apposite.

Honeywill

65 The locus classicus is the decision of the English Court of Appeal in
Honeywill and Stein Limited v Larkin Brothers (London’s Commercial
Photographers) Limited [1934] 1 KB 191 (“Honeywill”). The plaintiffs had hired
the defendants to take photographs of the interior of a cinema. The
defendants’ employee, a photographer, used a chemical flashlight to illuminate
the interior of the cinema. This process involved the ignition of magnesium
powder in a tray held above the lens. Upon ignition, the powder produced an
intense heat and an incandescent flash of light. It was accepted that this act
of ignition was dangerous if carried out near fabrics. The photographer
negligently set up his camera too close to a curtain which was set on fire
when the magnesium powder was ignited. Considerable damage was caused to the
cinema in the ensuing conflagration and the plaintiffs, acting on advice, paid
the owners of the cinema before suing the defendants for an indemnity. The
defendants argued that no damages were recoverable because the plaintiffs had
no legal liability to pay up as the defendants were independent contractors.
At first instance the claim was disallowed but this was reversed on appeal.

66 Slesser LJ, who delivered the judgment of the English Court of Appeal,
noted that the general rule was that an employer was not liable for the acts
of an independent contractor. However, there was a competing principle, which
was that there were cases where “a person causing something to be done, the
doing of which casts on him a duty, cannot escape from the responsibility
attaching on him of seeing that duty performed by delegating it to a
contractor” (at 197). Even though he did not use that precise expression, it
is clear that this is the language of non-delegable duties. One such case was
where one was concerned with ultra-hazardous acts. At 200, he put the matter
in the following terms:

To take the photograph in the cinema with a flashlight was, on the evidence
stated above, a dangerous operation in its intrinsic nature, involving the
creation of fire and explosion on another person's premises, that is in the
cinema, the property of the cinema company. The appellants, in procuring this
work to be performed by their contractors, the respondents, assumed an
obligation to the cinema company which was, as we think, absolute, but which
was at least an obligation to use reasonable precautions, to see that no
damage resulted to the cinema company from these dangerous operations: that
obligation they could not delegate by employing the respondents as independent
contractors, but they were liable in this regard for the respondents' acts.
For the damage actually caused the appellants were accordingly liable in law
to the cinema company, and are entitled to claim and recover from the
respondents damages for their breach of contract, or negligence in performing
their contract to take the photographs. [emphasis added in italics and bold
italics]

67 This principle soon became an established part of English law, albeit one
honoured more in the breach rather than the observance. To the best of my
knowledge, this principle has never been applied in Singapore though its
existence has been recognised, albeit obiter, in multiple judgments of our
Court of Appeal: see, eg, Mohd Sainudin bin Ahmad v Consolidated Hotels Ltd
and another [1990] 2 SLR(R) 787 at [10]; The “Sunrise Crane” [2004] 4 SLR(R)
715 at [30]; Seasons Park at [38]. In the circumstances, it is necessary for
me to first consider the precise contours of the doctrine before applying it
to the facts of this case.

Biffa Waste

68 The starting point for any modern discussion on this topic must be the
decision of the English Court of Appeal in Biffa Waste, which both parties
referred me to. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

Appellant’s case at para 68; respondent’s case at para 20.

The case concerned a fire which was caused at a recycling plant. The first
defendant, MEH, was hired to design and build the plant for the plaintiffs.
MEH subcontracted the works to HU which, in turn, sub-subcontracted the supply
and installation of the “ball mill” (an integral part of the plant) to the
second defendant, OT. OT itself hired P to perform certain welding works in a
section of the ball mill. It was acknowledged that there was an element of
danger involved in this as the ball mill was used for the processing of
organic material and one part of it was filled with combustible material. For
that reason, a number of precautions were instituted and these included: (a)
the requirement that a continuous watch be kept after the welding had been
completed in order that any smouldering fires might be detected and put out
and (b) that the welding area was properly wetted down after welding. A fire
was started in the course of welding and it caused extensive damage. It was
acknowledged that HU and P were negligent and did not follow the necessary
precautions but as both of them were insolvent, the plaintiffs sought to sue
MEH and OT directly.

69 The English High Court rejected the claims against both MEH and OT and the
plaintiffs only appealed against his decision in respect of OT’s liability. On
appeal, the plaintiffs’ case was based on two grounds: (a) P’s welders were
OT’s employees pro hac vice and therefore OT was vicariously liable for its
negligence and (b) the works carried out by P – welding in the vicinity of
combustible material – were ultra-hazardous and therefore gave rise to a non-
delegable duty. The English Court of Appeal rejected both arguments. For
present purposes, I will only concern myself with the latter.

70 Stanley Burton LJ, delivering the judgment of the court, noted that the
decision in Honeywill had been the focus of extensive criticism, most of which
had focused on the argument that the very concept of an ultra-hazardous
activity was nebulous. Citing P.S. Atiyah, Vicarious Liability in the Law of
Torts (Butterworths, 1967) (“Vicarious liability”), he noted that the doctrine
had “produced some quite preposterous distinctions arising out of the
difficulty of saying what is an inherently dangerous operation” (at [75],
citing Vicarious Liability at 371). He observed at [73] that the House of
Lords had, in Read v J Lyons & Company Limited [1947] AC 156 (“Read”),
rejected as “impracticable” the notion that any coherent distinction could be
drawn between acts which were merely dangerous and those which were so
dangerous that special rules of liability should attach. He drew particular
attention to the following passage from the speech of Lord MacMillan from Read
at 172:

Every activity in which man engages is fraught with some possible element of
danger to others. Experience shows that even from acts apparently innocuous
injury to others may result. The more dangerous the act the greater is the
care that must be taken in performing it. This relates itself to the principle
in the modern law of torts that liability exists only for consequences which a
reasonable man would have foreseen. One who engages in obviously dangerous
operations must be taken to know that if he does not take special precautions
injury to others may very well result. In my opinion it would be impracticable
to frame a legal classification of things as things dangerous and things not
dangerous, attaching absolute liability in the case of the former but not in
the case of the latter. In a progressive world things which at one time were
reckoned highly dangerous come to be regarded as reasonably safe. The first
experimental flights of aviators were certainly dangerous but we are now
assured that travel by air is little if at all more dangerous than a railway
journey. [emphasis added]

(Although the specific question before the House of Lords in Read was
different – the argument in Read was whether strict liability attached to the
performance of extra-hazardous acts and the court concluded that it did not –
Stanley Burton LJ agreed with Professor Atiyah that at the core of it, the
decisions in Honeywill and Read were irreconcilable (at [75]).)

71 Further compounding the problem, he held, was the practical difficulty
involved in determining whether an activity was ultra-hazardous. He drew
particular attention to the issue of precautions. He pointed out that many
everyday activities could be classified as inherently dangerous unless proper
precautions were taken. He gave the example of driving. It was ultra-hazardous
to drive without keeping a proper lookout but not ultra-hazardous if proper
precautions were taken. However, the precaution of keeping a lookout was such
an intrinsic part of driving that it would be “irrational” to exclude it from
consideration when considering the dangerousness of the activity (at [75] and
[76]). However, it appeared that this (the exclusion of precautions from a
determination of the dangerousness of an act) was precisely what Slesser LJ
did in Honeywill, as he did not take into account the fact that the use of the
chemical flashlight, while still dangerous, would not present an unacceptable
level of danger if proper precautions were taken (at [75]).

72 In conclusion, Stanley Burton LJ held that while the decision in Honeywill
was binding on the English Court of Appeal, it was “so unsatisfactory that its
application should be kept as narrow as possible” (at [78]). Drawing
particular attention to Slesser LJ’s reference to “a dangerous operation in
its intrinsic nature” (see Honeywill at 200, cited at [66] above), he held
that the doctrine should be confined only to “activities that are
exceptionally dangerous whatever precautions are taken” [emphasis added] (at
[78]). Applying that approach to the facts, he held that the activity to be
assessed was “welding per se, in the ball mill, not welding in the vicinity of
unwetted combustible material” (at [81]). Given the plaintiffs’ concession
that welding per se (as opposed to welding in the vicinity of combustible
material, which the plaintiffs had submitted was the activity which fell to be
assessed: see [69] above) was not ultra-hazardous, the plaintiffs’ appeal was
dismissed.

The ambit of the doctrine of ultra-hazardous acts

73 The criticisms levelled against the doctrine of ultra-hazardous acts are
powerful. It would not be a stretch to say that there are few principles of
law which have been the subject of such universal and unstinting criticism,
both judicial and academic, at the very highest levels. In Stevens v Brodribb
Sawmilling Company Proprietary Limited and another (1986) 160 CLR 16
(“Stevens”), the High Court of Australia held that it had no place in
Australian law (at 30 per Mason J; at 43, per Wilson and Dawson JJ). For
completeness, I note that while it has been suggested that Burnie had revived
the doctrine of ultra-hazardous acts in Australia (see Kit Barker et al, The
Law of Torts in Australia (OUP, 5th Ed, 2011) at pp 766–777), the view in the
authorities is that Stevens is good law: see Transfield Services (Australia)
Pty Ltd v Hall and another appeal [2008] NSWCA 294 at [90]. Mr Han, citing
Stevens, put forward a persuasive case for the abolition of the doctrine. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

Amicus curiae’s brief at paras 90–109.

For present purposes, it suffices for me to say, like the English Court of
Appeal did in Biffa Waste, that I do not consider that it is open to me to
take such a bold step. In my judgment, there has been sufficient judicial
recognition of its existence which forecloses that option. My task is to
determine what the ambit of the doctrine is and to apply it to the facts of
this case.

74 The central problem with the doctrine of ultra-hazardous acts, as rightly
identified by the English Court of Appeal in Biffa Waste at [73], is that all
manner of quotidian activities may be considered to be ultra-hazardous in the
right context. Going back to the example of driving, even at the best of
times, driving is a dangerous activity, but it cannot sensibly be maintained
that it is ultra-hazardous. However, if one speeds through a school zone at
100 km/h resolving all the while never to check for students crossing the
road, then the act is doubtlessly ultra-hazardous. How then should the court
decide when a person who flags down a taxi should be affixed with a non-
delegable duty of care to ensure that the driver exercises reasonable care in
driving? The question resolves itself to this: How much of the surrounding
circumstances – which may either go towards increasing or decreasing the
hazards involved – should be taken into account in determining whether an act
is ultra-hazardous?

75 Mr Sreenivasan submitted, contrary to Biffa Waste, that the court should
omit consideration of precautionary measures. He contended that to admit
consideration of possible precautions “is undesirable because it occasions a
high degree of speculation and postulation on the effectiveness of a wide
range of possible precautionary measures”. Instead, the court should look only
to the “actual degree of hazard created by the activity in its setting.” 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

Appellant’s case at para 83

I rejected this submission for the simple reason, as I pointed out in the
preceding paragraph, that it makes no sense to talk about how inherently
dangerous an act may be without adverting to the possible steps which may be
taken to mitigate the attendant risks.

76 In any event, it seemed to me that the notion of the “hazard created by the
activity in its setting” was simply another way of saying that the hazards
presented by the activity must be assessed in context. This still begged the
question: what is the relevant context? In particular, how does one
distinguish between features of the “setting” which go towards the question of
breach and those which go towards the character of the act, and therefore
affect the nature and content of the duty of care? Consider the example of
driving once again. If a taxi driver drives with excessive speed through a
school zone, is the fact of his excessive speed a matter which goes to the
breach of his duty or is it an issue which goes towards the dangerousness of
the act? It is no answer to say that everything turns on what was authorised,
for if a negligent act were specifically authorised, we would not need to talk
about a non-delegable duty any longer. We would simply be dealing with a case
of agency.

77 These are problems which are endemic to the very concept of the doctrine of
ultra-hazardous acts. In my judgment, therefore, the best solution is that
which was adopted in Biffa Waste, which is to say that in order for an act to
be considered ultra-hazardous, it must be “exceptionally dangerous whatever
precautions are taken” or, to use the language in Honeywill, it must be “a
dangerous operation in its intrinsic nature”. Not only does this approach
minimise the difficulties associated with trying to define what surrounding
circumstances should be taken into account, it also allows the courts to
narrow the application of the doctrine only to that small sliver of cases
where it may properly be said to belong.

78 I now turn to the facts of this case. Mr Sreenivasan never argued that the
performance of demolition works per se was ultra-hazardous. Instead, his case
had always been that it was only demolition considered in the light of (a) the
proximity and (b) the relative elevations of the two houses that was ultra-
hazardous. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

Appellant’s case at para 76.

However, these two points do not go towards showing that the demolition was a
dangerous operation in its intrinsic nature. In my judgment, this is
sufficient to dispose of this issue.

Liability under the general law of negligence

79 I now turn to the second of Mr Sreenivasan’s arguments. It was not disputed
that the respondents owed a duty of care to the appellants to exercise
reasonable care in the selection of a competent contractor (see [43] above).
The disagreement centred on whether they owed an additional duty, over and
above this duty of care in selection, to “ensure that reasonable care was
taken [by Esthetix] to avoid harm to the [a]ppellants and to their property.”
32

##### Foot Note 32

×

Appellant’s skeletal submissions at para 24.

I will approach this, as the parties did, through an application of the two-
stage Spandeck framework: first, I will consider the requirement of legal
proximity; second, I will consider whether there are any policy considerations
which might operate to militate against the imposition of a duty.

Proximity

80 The notion of “proximity” is compendious and it has physical,
circumstantial, and causal extensions. At its core, it communicates the idea
that the defendant and the victim must stand in such a relationship that it
may be said that it is proper for the duty of care of a certain type to arise
(see Spandeck at [78]–[79]). Mr Sreenivasan urged me to consider the following
three factors: (a) the appellants were vulnerable as they had no control over
the works; (b) the respondents had “assumed responsibility towards their
neighbours” because they had elected to demolish the existing house on their
property and to rebuild; and (c) the respondents had control over the
performance of the works, as evinced by the fact that they had control of the
site, method of work, and could make decisions on workplace safety and health.
He submitted that these were cumulatively sufficient to found a duty of care
of the sort for which the appellants contended. 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

Appellant’s skeletal arguments at paras 23–24; 36

I did not agree.

81 What was critical was that the demolition was performed by a third party
and the charge was that the respondents were liable for their omission to
prevent this third party from causing harm. This is key because, as Lord Goff
pointed out in Smith at 270G–271E, one does not generally have a duty of care
to prevent third parties from causing damage to others or to their property.
Even though that statement was made in the context of deliberate wrongdoing on
the part of the third party, the principle which it engages is a general one
and applies here: the common law does not generally impose liability for pure
omissions. Circumstances in which the law will find that persons have a
positive duty to monitor the conduct of third parties are few and far between.

82 In Gary Chan Kok Yew and Lee Pey Woan, The Law of Torts in Singapore
(Academy Publishing, 2nd Ed, 2016) at paras 04.043–04.047, the following were
given as examples of cases where a positive duty of care to prevent third
parties from causing harm to the plaintiff had been found:

(a) In Stansbie v Troman [1948] 2 KB 48, the defendant was a decorator hired
by the plaintiff who left the door to the plaintiff’s house unlocked before
heading out to purchase some items. Whilst the defendant was away, a thief
entered the house and stole several items. The contractual relationship
between the parties was held to be sufficient to found a duty of care on the
part of the defendant to take reasonable care with regard to the safety of the
premises during the performance of his work.

(b) In Home Office v Dorset Yacht Co Ltd [1970] AC 1004, several boys who were
under the control and supervision of officers from a Borstal Institution were
brought to an island to do some work. In the evening, they escaped and damaged
several yachts belonging to the respondent in the process. The majority of the
House of Lords held that the combination of (i) special knowledge – the Home
Office knew that the Borstal boys had criminal records and had escaped from
Borstal Institutions before and were likely to attempt to do so again – and
(ii) a special relationship – the Home Office had authority and control over
the boys – was sufficient to found a duty of care.

(c) In Haynes v Harwood [1935] 1 KB 146, the defendant had brought a horse-
drawn carriage to a public place and left it unattended. A boy threw a stone
at the horses, which panicked and bolted. The defendant, a police officer,
injured himself while trying to stop the horses. As explained by Lord Goff in
Smith at 273A, this was a case in which the defendant had created a source of
danger which could foreseeably be triggered by the acts of a third party.

83 The facts of the present situation do not even remotely resemble the facts
of these or any other cases in which a positive duty of the sort the
appellants contend have been found to exist. I do not think that Mr
Sreenivasan had gone any further than to describe the relationship that would
ordinarily exist between any neighbours who own adjoining plots of land. This
might be enough to demonstrate that the respondents hold a duty of care in
respect of anything that they might personally perform, but it cannot be
enough to show that they have a duty to ensure the careful performance of
works undertaken by any independent contractors they might hire. In my
judgment, the present case has none of the incidents of the “necessary
relationship between the claimant and defendant” that would justify a finding
that the respondents held a positive duty of care to prevent harm from
befalling the appellants through Esthetix’s negligence (see Spandeck at [79]).

Policy considerations

84 Even if I were wrong about the issue of proximity, I would still have
concluded that considerations of policy militated against the finding of a
duty of care. I have already touched on some of these points at [35]–[38]
above in the context of my discussion of the independent contractor defence.
To my mind, there are two main policy objections to a finding of a duty of
care here.

85 The first is it would undermine the general principle that persons are not
liable for the acts of independent contractors. It was observed in David Tan
and Goh Yihan, “The Promise of Universality: The Spandeck Formulation Half a
Decade On” (2013) 25 SAcLJ 510 at 541 that the courts would be very slow to
find a duty of care if to do so would undermine the coherence of other legal
principles. As I have noted throughout this judgment, the principle that
employers are not liable for the acts of independent contractors is well-
established and it is one around which people have ordered their affairs. A
duty will not lightly be found if its effect would be to undermine this
principle. The independent contractor doctrine is an outgrowth of an economic
necessity. The modern world is simply too complex for businesses to be self-
sufficient; businesses need to specialise and they need to hire independent
contractors. However, business cannot be carried out if hirers were exposed to
liability for the acts of independents contractors over whom they have little
control. In the 19th century decision of the House of Lords in David Daniel v
The Directors, &C, of the Metropolitan Railway Company (1871) LR 5 HL 45 at
61, Lord Westbury put the point in the following terms:

… the ordinary business of life could not go on if we had not a right to rely
upon things being properly done when we have committed and entrusted them to
persons whose duty it is to do things of that nature, and who are selected for
the purpose with prudence and care, as being experienced in the matter, and
are held responsible for the execution of the work. My Lords, undoubtedly it
would create confusion in all things if you were to say that the man who
employs others for the execution of such a work, or the man who is a party to
the employment, has no right whatever to believe that the thing will be done
carefully and well, having selected, with all prudence, proper persons to
perform the work, but that he is still under an obligation to do that which,
to him, in many cases, would be impossible - namely, to interpose from time to
time in order to ascertain that that was done correctly and properly, the
business of doing which he had rightfully and properly committed to other
persons.

86 The second policy consideration is that it would expose the respondents and
other homeowners in like situation to a potentially indeterminate vista of
liability. While Mr Sreenivasan had taken pains to stress that this situation
was quite unique, arising as it did from the close proximity of the two homes
and their respective elevations, I am quite unable to agree. As the District
Judge rightly pointed out at [58] of the GD, Singapore is a country with a
high population density and people live very close together. This is a matter
of which judicial notice may be taken, and it was also noted in See Toh Siew
Kee v Ho Ah Lam Ferrocement (Pte) Ltd and others [2013] 3 SLR 284 (“See Toh
Siew Kee”) at [96]. It would follow that cases like the present, far from
being rare, can in fact be fairly commonplace. This is further compounded by
the fact that it is difficult to discern how such a duty can, as a practical
matter, be discharged. The work independent contractors like Esthetix are
employed to perform is specialised and hirers do not generally possess the
skills to superintend their performance. It would be intolerable if the law
were to hold that all landowners who seek to construct homes on their property
would have a duty to look continually over the shoulders of the independent
contractors they hire to ensure that they take reasonable care in the
performance of their tasks. I cannot see how it would be fair, just, and
reasonable for such liability (which, as I pointed out above, amounts for all
intents and purposes to strict liability) to be imposed in this situation.

87 Last, I would add a brief comment on the issue of insurance. One of the
features of this case which received much attention was the fact that the
respondents and Esthetix were insured by the same company; however, the
insurer had repudiated liability in respect of the respondents but maintained
this action on behalf of the respondents. 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

Appellant’s case at para 16; appellant’s skeletal submissions at para 35.

In my judgment, this was neither here nor there. The presence of insurance is
neither an incident of the parties’ relationship (and therefore does not go
towards the requirement of proximity) nor has it been shown that it is an
established feature of all construction contracts (in which event it might
plausibly be contended that it is a positive policy consideration in favour of
a finding of a duty of care).

Conclusion on the third issue

88 For these reasons, I dismissed the appeal on the third issue. Before I
leave this issue, I make a final point. This concerns the argument, made both
by Mr Sreenivasan and by Mr Han, that the Spandeck framework is sufficiently
flexible that it may be used to determine the existence of a duty of care in
all cases, and that the law need no longer adhere to the old distinctions
which continue to pervade the law of non-delegable duties. 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

Appellant’s skeletal submissions at paras 10–18; Amicus curiae brief at paras
103–109.

By analogy, Mr Han cited the case of See Toh Siew Kee where the Court of
Appeal subsumed the law on occupiers’ liability within the general law of
negligence. Two of the reasons they gave for doing so were: (a) the law on
occupiers’ liability was developed before the seminal decision of Donoghue v
Stevenson which inaugurated the development of the modern law of negligence;
(b) the law on occupiers’ liability was premised on outmoded formal
distinctions (eg, the static/dynamic dichotomy) which verged on the arbitrary.

89 While I would not venture so far as to say this in respect of all non-
delegable duties, there is a compelling argument in favour of such an approach
where ultra-hazardous acts are concerned. The doctrine of ultra-hazardous acts
can be assailed on the same two grounds that were raised in See Toh Siew Kee.
First, the doctrine became part of the law before the law of negligence was
fully developed and, critically, before the requirement of fault became an
entrenched part of the law of tort (which happened after Read). The practice
of imposing a non-delegable duty (which, as I noted above amounts in practical
terms to the imposition of strict liability) by reason of the dangerousness of
the act may justly be criticised for being out of step with the modern law of
negligence. As Mason J commented in Stevens at 30, “the traditional common law
response to the creation of a special danger is not to impose strict liability
but to insist on a higher standard of care in the performance of an existing
duty.” Second, like the law on occupiers’ liability, the doctrine of ultra-
hazardous acts is premised on an unworkable distinction between ultra-
hazardous activities and activities which are “merely” dangerous.

90 There may come a day when our Court of Appeal will decide, like the High
Court of Australia did in Stevens, that the doctrine no longer has a place in
our law and will instead deal with such cases by applying the general
principles of the law of negligence (see Stevens at 25). Because of the manner
in which the appellants had presented their case (first by addressing the so-
called traditional approach and then by applying the general principles of the
law of negligence), this issue was considered from both perspectives. However,
future courts may no longer have to do both.

  
  

Conclusion

91 For the foregoing reasons, I dismissed the appeal and awarded the
respondents their costs of the appeal fixed at $10,000 as well as reasonable
disbursements.

See Kee Oon  
Judicial Commissioner

N Sreenivasan SC, Sivakumar Murugaiyan, and Lim Jie (Straits Law Practice LLC)
(Instructed), Tan Cheow Hin (CH Partners)  
for the appellants;  
Raymond Wong and Os Agarwal (Wong Thomas & Leong)  
for the respondents;  
Keith Han (Cavenagh Law LLP) as amicus curiae.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:39 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

