Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the republic of singapore

[2016] SGHC 278

Suit No 88 of 2014

Between

AMFRASER SECURITIES PTE LTD

… Plaintiff

And

GOH CHENGYU (WU CHENGYU)

… Defendant

JUDGMENT

[Financial and Securities Markets] — [Securities] — [Trading]

[Agency] — [Evidence of agency] — [Actual authority]

[Agency] — [Evidence of agency] — [Apparent authority]

[Contract] — [Contractual terms] — [Implied terms]

[Contract] — [Contractual terms] — [Rules of construction] — [Contra
proferentem rule]

[Tort] — [Negligence] — [Duty of care]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
AmFraser Securities Pte Ltd

  
v

  
Goh

Chengyu

[2016] SGHC 278

High Court — Suit No 88 of 2014  
George Wei J  
7–8, 11–14, 19 July 2016

27 December 2016 Judgment reserved.

George Wei J:

Introduction

1 The plaintiff, AmFraser Securities Pte Ltd (“the Plaintiff”), is a Singapore
stock-broking firm. The defendant, Mr Goh Chengyu (“the Defendant”) was the
Plaintiff’s former client. On 22 January 2014, the Plaintiff commenced Suit No
88 of 2014 (“the Suit”) against the Defendant to recover outstanding losses
from the Defendant’s account which arose from four trades executed on the
Defendant’s account in early October 2013 (“the four disputed trades”).

2 The four disputed trades were placed on 2 and 3 October 2013 in respect of
three counters: Blumont Ltd (“Blumont”), Asiasons Capital Ltd (“Asiasons”) and
International Healthway Corporation Ltd (“IHC”). On 4 October 2013, there was
a substantial, indeed catastrophic, fall in the share values of Blumont and
Asiasons, which were both penny stocks. Trading in Blumont and Asiasons was
suspended on 4 October 2013. The suspension was lifted on 7 October 2013. The
counters were sold by the Defendant between 8 and 10 October 2013, resulting
in significant losses in the region of $1.9 million.

3 It is undisputed that the four disputed trades were placed in the
Defendant’s account by his trading representative, Mr Heng Gim Teoh (“Heng”).
Heng was a remisier working for the Plaintiff. The crux of the Plaintiff’s
case is that Heng had an agreement or understanding with the Defendant, to the
effect that the Defendant’s cousin, Mr Adrian Goh (“Adrian”) and later on,
Adrian’s friend, Mr Lincoln Lee (“Lincoln”), could provide instructions on
trades to Heng on the Defendant’s behalf. In particular, the Plaintiff claims
that the four disputed trades were authorised transactions on the Defendant’s
account, since they were placed by Heng on the instructions of Lincoln.

4 By contrast, the Defendant’s position is that the four disputed trades were
unauthorised. They were not placed by the Defendant, but were done without his
knowledge or approval. The Defendant denies the existence of any agreement or
understanding with Heng over the authority of Adrian and/or Lincoln to issue
instructions for trades to be executed on the Defendant’s account. The
Defendant also counterclaims for, inter alia, an indemnity against the trade
losses arising from the four disputed trades.

5 The Suit was originally fixed for a four-day trial from 10 to 13 March 2015.
These dates were vacated on the eve of the trial to enable the Plaintiff to
subpoena two material witnesses, Adrian and Lincoln.

6 The trial eventually took place over seven days between 7 and 19 July 2016.
The Plaintiff called six witnesses. The first witness for the Plaintiff was
Heng, who was, as I had earlier mentioned, a remisier at the Plaintiff and the
Defendant’s trading representative.

7 The second witness for the Plaintiff was Mr Chen Moh Yong (“Chen”), an
assistant manager in the Compliance Department of the Plaintiff. Originally,
the Plaintiff had intended to call Mr Lee Wing How (“Lee”), who was the
Plaintiff’s Executive Director at the material time. Unfortunately, by the
time the matter came on for trial, Lee had resigned from his position and
joined another organisation in Malaysia. For this reason, the Plaintiff sought
and was granted leave to call Chen to give evidence in place of Lee in respect
of a meeting which took place on 10 October 2013 at the Plaintiff’s offices.
Details of the meeting will be discussed later. The short point that I make
now is that this was one of the early meetings during which the Plaintiff was
trying to elicit facts as to what had occurred in respect of the four disputed
trades. Given these circumstances, leave was granted to call Chen. I shall
touch on the absence of Lee later in the judgment.

8 The third witness for the Plaintiff was Mr Tan Seow Kiat (“Tan”), a credit
manager of the Plaintiff.

9 The fourth witness was Ms Thilaga Valli d/o Ramasamy (“Ms Ramasamy”), a
representative from StarHub Ltd. Her evidence related to certain telephone
call logs obtained from Heng’s mobile number. Her evidence was admitted into
evidence without cross-examination. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

NE 11 July 2016 p 125 lines 11-23

10 In addition, as set out at [5] above, the Plaintiff subpoenaed two
witnesses, Adrian and Lincoln. On 7 July 2016, the first day of the trial, the
Plaintiff applied for leave to put questions to Adrian, which might be put in
cross-examination by an adverse party, pursuant to s 156 of the Evidence Act
(Cap 97, 1997 Rev Ed). After hearing the parties, I granted the Plaintiff
leave to do so.

11 The Defendant called three witnesses. The first witness was the Defendant.
The second witness was Mr Goh Yew Gee (“GYG”), who is the uncle of the
Defendant and the father of Adrian. The third witness was Lucas Goh (“Lucas”),
who is another cousin of the Defendant. Both GYG and Lucas were involved in
the aftermath of the penny stock crash and in particular, in the 10 October
2013 meeting as mentioned at [7] above.

12 It is to be noted that the affidavits of evidence-in-chief (“AEICs”) of
Lucas and GYG were admitted into evidence without cross-examination. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

NE 14 July 2016 p 161 line 20 – p 162 line 8

This was done on the basis that the evidence of these two witnesses, as set
out in their AEICs, was essentially the same as the evidence of the Defendant
and that they would give the same or similar answers in cross-examination on
the key points in issue. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

NE 14 July 2016 p 157 lines 8-18

The Plaintiff proceeded on the basis that the Plaintiff’s case had been put to
these witnesses (and denied) and that no adverse inference was to be drawn
against the Plaintiff. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

NE 14 July 2016 p 161 line 20 – p 162 line 8; NE 14 July 2016 p 157

The Relationship between the Key Witnesses

13 By way of background, I shall first set out the relationships between the
key witnesses of this Suit. As I have earlier stated, Heng worked as a
remisier with the Plaintiff. By 2013, he had some nine years or so of
experience trading on the stock exchange. There is no dispute that when the
Defendant opened up a trading account at the Plaintiff, Heng was appointed as
the Defendant’s trading representative.

14 Whilst there is a dispute over the circumstances in which Heng first met
the Defendant in late December 2012 or early 2013, it is reasonably clear that
prior to this meeting Heng was not acquainted with the Defendant.

15 Heng’s position is that he was introduced to the Defendant by Adrian in
late December 2012 or early 2013. Adrian at that time was around 24 to 25
years old and a corporate dealer with CIMB-GK Securities Pte Ltd (“CIMB”). 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

Heng’s AEIC dated 16 February 2015 at para 8

The Defendant, it will be recalled, is Adrian’s cousin and was a project
manager at Wee Hur Development Pte Ltd (“WHD”). Without going into unnecessary
details, WHD is part of the Wee Hur Group, whose parent company (“Wee Hur”) is
listed on the Singapore Stock Exchange. The Wee Hur Group in turn appears to
have been founded by GYG (Adrian’s father) and Mr Goh Yeo Hwa (the Defendant’s
father).

16 I pause to note that whilst the Defendant’s full-time job was as a project
manager (property development) at WHD, it appears that he had an interest in
the stock market. Indeed, by his own evidence, he had three other trading
accounts with CIMB, UOB Kay Hian Pte Ltd (“UOB Kay Hian”) and DMG & Partners
Securities Pte Ltd (“DMG”). 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

Defendant’s AEIC dated 17 February 2015 at para 4

This will be discussed further below where relevant.

17 Lincoln was, at the material time, a remisier at Kim Eng Securities Pte Ltd
(“Kim Eng Securities”). 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

NE 13 July 2016 p 2 line 25 – p 3 line 7

Prior to joining Kim Eng Securities, he worked as a remisier with other firms
such as GK Goh and Phillips Securities. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

NE 13 July 2016 p 3 lines 19-21

Lincoln clearly had considerable experience in the securities business. The
evidence was that in 2013 he was handling some 120 to 150 accounts. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

NE 13 July 2016 p 4 line 12

18 Lincoln first met Adrian sometime in 2012. In 2012 and 2013, he was meeting
Adrian fairly regularly, around twice a month for social occasions at clubs
and discos. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

NE 13 July 2016 p 7 lines 8-9; p 8 lines 6 – p 9 line 14

It appears that Lincoln was also introduced to Heng at one of these occasions
and was told that Heng was a remisier at the Plaintiff. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

NE 13 July 2016 p 16 line 18 – p 17 line 9

It was unclear how often Lincoln had met Heng at other social occasions. That
said, on Lincoln’s own evidence, he did meet Heng a few times with Adrian over
lunch, where they chatted about trades, the market and counters. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

NE 13 July 2016 p 17 line 10 – p 18 line 24

The impression that Lincoln gave was that he did not know Heng well and that
they did not meet much.

19 As for Adrian, the evidence was that Lucas, the Defendant and some other
senior members of the Goh family held accounts at CIMB all of which were
handled by Adrian. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

NE 12 July 2016 p 13 line 7 – p 15 line 21

Indeed, I note in passing that according to Adrian, his own father GYG as well
as the Defendant enjoyed high trading limits at CIMB. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

NE 12 July 2016 p 16 lines 2-11; 18

Whilst his evidence was rather guarded, it appears that the Defendant as well
as GYG likely traded in penny stock counters such as Blumont, Asiasons and
LionGold Corporation Ltd (“LionGold”) through CIMB. Adrian agreed that these
counters were “hot” in 2013. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

NE 12 July 2016 p 17 line 25 – p 19 line 18

The Key Issues

20 The central issue was whether the four disputed trades placed by Heng in
the Defendant’s account were in fact authorised trades. Determination of this
central issue required an examination of, inter alia:

(a) Whether the Defendant knew or consented to Heng taking instructions from
Adrian and/or Lincoln in respect of a large number of trades in the same or
similar counters as the four disputed trades and which were placed in his
account in the eight-month period prior to the four disputed trades,

(b) Whether the Defendant knew or consented to Heng taking instructions from
Lincoln in relation to the four disputed trades on 2 and 3 October 2013, and

(c) The relevant legal principles under which the Defendant could be held
liable for the losses arising therefrom.

Road-map to the Judgment

21 Given the issues that arise for determination and the brief facts set out
above, the judgment will deal with the evidence and issues in the following
sequence and by reference to the following main headings:

(a) The Opening of the Defendant’s Account with the Plaintiff

(b) Relevant Terms and Conditions Governing the Defendant’s Account

(c) The Operation of the Defendant’s Account between February 2013 and 1
October 2013

(d) The four disputed trades

(e) Overall Assessment of the Witnesses and Evidence

(f) The Relevant Legal Principles and Decision

The Opening of the Defendant’s Account with the Plaintiff

22 The Plaintiff’s case is that Adrian first approached Heng to open an
account for the Defendant with a trading limit of $2 million sometime in
December 2012. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

Heng’s AEIC at para 8; Set Down Bundle, Tab 2, p2: Statement of Claim
(Amendment No 1) (“SOC(1)”) at paras 3-4

At that time, Heng was not acquainted with the Defendant. Thereafter, on or
about 18 January 2013, Heng was introduced to the Defendant by Adrian over a
lunch meeting. Adrian was present at this lunch meeting. Heng was informed, in
the Defendant’s presence, that Adrian would operate and give instructions on
the Defendant’s account. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

Heng’s AEIC at para 15

After the lunch, Heng’s evidence is that they proceeded to the Defendant’s
office to obtain a photocopy of the Defendant’s identity card. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

Heng’s AEIC at para 19

The account was opened on 24 January 2013, with the first trades taking place
between 15 and 20 February 2013. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

Heng’s AEIC at paras 20 and 21

23 The Defendant’s evidence on how his account at the Plaintiff came to be
opened is dramatically different. The Defendant claimed that sometime in 2012,
a “friend” informed him that the former knew Heng and that Heng needed to
increase his client portfolio. It was this friend who sought the Defendant’s
assistance to open up a trading account at the Plaintiff under Heng. The
Defendant’s evidence was that he “felt comfortable” with the suggestion as the
recommendation was coming from his friend. Accordingly, a meeting was arranged
between Heng and the Defendant in early January 2013 to discuss the details of
the account. This meeting took place over lunch. According to the Defendant,
the account-opening forms were signed on the spot, Heng “appeared to be
attentive and helpful” and the Defendant accordingly trusted Heng to be honest
in the operation of the account. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

Defendant’s AEIC at para 6

The Defendant denies that he told Heng that Adrian was also to be allowed to
give instructions or that Adrian was permitted to operate the account. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

Defence and Counterclaim (Amendment No 1) at para 12

Indeed, his evidence is that Adrian had nothing to do with the opening of an
account at the Plaintiff.

24 After considering the evidence, including Adrian’s evidence that he did not
introduce Heng to the Defendant, I prefer the evidence of the Plaintiff
(through Heng) on the account opening to that of the Defendant. The
Defendant’s evidence as to how he relied on a recommendation of an unnamed
friend to open an account at the Plaintiff, with Heng as the remisier-in-
charge, is hard to believe. In cross-examination, the Defendant was unable to
provide any details on the friend. He could no longer recall the friend’s name
or even whether the friend was male or female. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

NE 13 July 2016 p 135 lines 12-19

25 Further, the Defendant had never met or done business with or through Heng
before. It is unbelievable that, after just one brief meeting over lunch, he
decided that he could and would trust Heng to be his remisier for a new
account at the Plaintiff. It is to be borne in mind that according to the
Defendant, it was Heng who needed to increase his client portfolio – not the
Defendant who needed another trading account; he already had many such
accounts (see [16] above).

26 Much was made by the Defendant of the fact that in the account opening
form, there is a statement that it was a “friend” who introduced the client
(ie, the Defendant). 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

1 AB 30

The Defendant denied strenuously that the introducer was in fact Adrian. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

NE 13 July 2016 p 137 line 23- p 138 line 6

The Defendant suggested that if it had been Adrian, he should and would have
been described as a “relative”. With respect, this is wholly misconceived. The
section of the form relating to the introducer was for the remisier, and not
the client, to fill in. It referred to the relationship between Heng and the
person who introduced Heng to the client (the Defendant). Obviously, the word
“friend” is wholly consistent with Heng’s evidence that it was Adrian (Heng’s
friend) who introduced the Defendant to him.

Relevant Terms and Conditions Governing the Defendant’s Account

27 What follows is a brief reference to some of the key terms and conditions
applying to the Defendant’s account. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

1 AB 42-78

The terms and conditions will be amplified later in the judgment. The
prevailing and relevant terms and conditions at the time when the Defendant’s
account was opened and the four disputed trades placed is the Terms and
Conditions for Operation of Securities Trade Account dated 2 July 2012 (“the
OSTA 2012”). Whilst some references were made to an OSTA dated 2 January 2014
(“the OSTA 2014”) in the Plaintiff’s pleadings and affidavits, it is clear and
beyond dispute that the applicable terms can only be those found in the OSTA
2012, which pre-dates the four disputed trades. In this respect, Clause 18.3
of the OSTA 2012 and Clause 22.3 of the OSTA 2014 both state that upon each
instance of the client giving an order or instruction with respect to any
transaction through the Plaintiff, the applicable version of the OSTA is the
“then prevailing version of the [OSTA]… at the time immediately prior to the
time of such order or instruction” [emphasis added]. Thus, the OSTA 2014,
which post-dates the four disputed trades, cannot have been relevant. For the
purposes of this judgment, I shall refer only to the terms of the OSTA 2012.

28 Clause 3.1 of the OSTA 2012 provides that the client “or any of its
Authorised Persons may request [the Plaintiff] orally or in writing to buy or
sell … Securities or deal with monies in the Account(s) or perform any other
Transaction relating to the Account(s).” 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

1 AB 53

29 “Authorised Person” is defined in Clause 1 as meaning any person authorised
“in writing” by the client to perform any transaction in the account. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

1 AB 51

30 Clause 23.1 goes on to set out an important provision dealing with the
relationship between the client, his trading representative and the Plaintiff.
It provides as follows:

The Client confirms that in the purchase and/or sale of any Securities under
the Account(s) by any representative on the Client’s and/or the Authorised
Person’s instructions or though without their instructions but with their
consent and/or authority (express, implied or otherwise) and/or knowledge,
such representative all be deemed to be the Client’s agent whether or not such
representative is deemed to be engaged or employed by the Client in law. The
Client will, as between [the Plaintiff] and the Client be liable for all
purchases and sales of Securities executed by the representative for the
Account regardless of whether the representative would also be liable to [the
Plaintiff] for the same and the Client shall be liable to [the Plaintiff] for
all costs, expenses, damages, losses, fees, charges, rates or duties which may
be incurred by [the Plaintiff] in respect of all such Securities transacted.
In addition, the Client confirms that in the purchase and/or sale of any
Securities under the Account(s) by any representative, such representative
shall be deemed to be the Client’s agent and [the Plaintiff] is entitled to
assume that as between [the Plaintiff] and the Client (i) any order said by
the representative to be intended to be executed for the Client is so
intended, and (ii) every order executed by the representative for the Client
is the order intended to be executed by the Client.

[emphasis added]

31 In the present case, there is no dispute that Heng is the trading
representative handling the Defendant’s account. In this regard I also note
that Clause 22.2(e) provides that the Client agrees to “communicate, give
instructions and/or place orders only with the representative assigned by [the
Plaintiff] to the Client.”

32 The OSTA 2012 also contains detailed provisions on other matters including
those on the issuance of Contract Notes and Statements. For example, Clause
25.1 states that:

[The Plaintiff] will provide the Client with a written contract note/statement
of each Securities Transaction effected in relation to the Account(s). Such
contract note and/or statement shall be conclusive and binding against the
Client unless objection in writing addressed to the General Manager of [the
Plaintiff] is received from the Client to [the Plaintiff within 7 calendar
days from the date of such contract note/statement.

33 Similar provision is made in respect of the provision of monthly statements
in Clause 25.2.

34 Provision is also made in Clause 11 for the setting up and maintenance of a
Trust Account by the Plaintiff into which monies standing to the credit of the
Client’s account can be held. In this respect, I note the Trust Authorisation
Statement signed by the Defendant on 18 January 2013, which authorises the
Plaintiff to retain all amounts due to the Defendant including sale proceeds
and contra gains in a specified trust authorisation trading account. The
Plaintiff was also authorised to direct debit and credit the account and to
use the money in the specified trust authorisation trading account to, inter
alia, set-off against purchases, contra losses and trading losses.

The Operation of the Defendant’s Account between February 2013 and 1 October
2013

35 It is useful to begin with a brief explanation of the process of trading at
the Plaintiff. When a client, such as the Defendant, purchases a stock through
the Plaintiff, the Plaintiff is obliged to settle payment in full for such
purchase upfront with the relevant exchange. The Defendant would then be
liable to pay the Plaintiff on the settlement date. The Plaintiff therefore
takes the upfront risk of the subsequent non-payment by the Defendant. To
mitigate the risk, the Plaintiff sets credit limits and requirements for
collateral, and also assesses the credit-worthiness of its clients. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

NE 11 July 2016 p 25 line 15 – p 26 line 15

36 There are three types of statements that are sent to the clients, all of
which the Defendant confirmed that he received in 2013: 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

NE 14 July 2016 p 1 line 16 – p 2 line 25

(a) For each sale or purchase executed under the customer’s account, a
contract statement would be sent to his mailing address by the Central
Depository Pte Ltd (“CDP”) the next day. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

NE 11 July 2016 p 9 lines 19-24

(b) For contra trades carried out under the customer’s account (ie, where
certain shares bought are sold off after a few days), the Plaintiff would send
a contra statement by post showing the details of these contra trades as well
as the net profit or loss arising therefrom the next day. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

NE 11 July 2016 p 10 line 21 – p 11 line 9

(c) Monthly statements for the customer’s account would also be sent out by
the Plaintiff at the end of each month by post. 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

NE 11 July 2016 p 10 lines 2-7

Customers would usually receive them about two or three days after the
posting. 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

NE 11 July 2016 p 9 line 25 – p 10 line 7 and p 11 line 13

37 Trades in the Defendant’s account commenced with a contra trade in Asiasons
between 15 and 20 February 2013. In all, some 96 trades with a total
transacted value of over $45 million were executed under the Defendant’s
account between February 2013 and early October 2013. These do not include the
four disputed trades. Most of these trades were in penny stock counters
including Asiasons, Blumont, LionGold and IHC. 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

Tan’s AEIC dated 16 February 2015 at para 9

38 The volume of shares traded was substantial. For example, in the case of
LionGold, the highest volume was 1.73 million shares in April 2013. In the
case of Asiasons, the highest volume was 950,000 shares in March 2013. For
Blumont, it was 400,000 shares in September 2013. In the case of IHC, it was
1.5 million shares in August 2013. 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

Plaintiff’s submissions at para 30

39 Between 17 and 24 September 2013, some two million shares in LionGold were
acquired at $932,263.85 and sold at $818,003.91 at a loss of $114,259.94.

40 Between 24 September 2013 and 1 October 2013, 356,000 shares in Blumont
were bought at $781,537.83 and sold at $870,076.84, at a profit of $88,539.01.
The highest aggregate value of open positions up to 1 October 2013 was about
$2.189 million. 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

Plaintiff’s submissions at para 31; 1 AB 80, 90, 92

41 The 96 trades generated some 22 transfers and payments of profits and
losses. Transfer of contra gains and proceeds of sale of shares were paid to
the Defendant’s bank account by electronic payment. For example, on 21
February 2013, $13,656.21 was transferred to the Defendant. On 30 April 2013,
$130,487.01 was transferred to the Defendant. On 30 August 2013, $22,000 was
transferred and on 9 September 2013, another $10,633.10 was transferred. 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

Plaintiff’s submissions at para 33

42 Losses during this period were settled through cash payments without any
issues being raised by the Defendant. 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

Heng’s AEIC at para 34

For example, on 13 May 2013, two payments for $9,044.62 and $586.61 were paid
in cash for losses. On 26 September 2013, $15,000 was paid for losses. On 27
September 2013, two payments for $15,259.94 and $40,000 were made in cash for
losses incurred. 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

Plaintiff’s submissions at para 33

43 Whilst the 96 undisputed trades and the payment of profits and losses on
these trades are not disputed, there is considerable disagreement over whether
these 96 undisputed trades were made by Heng on the instructions of the
Defendant, or instead were made by Heng pursuant to instructions by Adrian
and/or Lincoln. To be clear, the position taken by the parties at the trial
was as follows. The Plaintiff asserted that all of the undisputed trades were
made pursuant to instructions given by Adrian and/or Lincoln. Initially, the
instructions were from Adrian. Subsequently, from around July 2013, the
instructions were provided by Lincoln. 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

Heng’s AEIC at paras 26-27

The settlement of losses by cash payments was made by Adrian and/or Lincoln.

44 The Defendant, on the other hand, took the position that he personally gave
the instructions for all the undisputed trades to Heng. The Defendant denied
that he had ever told Heng that Adrian or Lincoln had his consent to operate
the account. Indeed, his position at trial was that he was unaware that Adrian
and Lincoln had given any instructions for trades on his account. The
Defendant asserted that he personally settled the losses by cash payments to
Heng.

45 Whilst these 96 trades are not directly in issue to the claim in respect of
the four disputed trades made on 2 and 3 October 2013, they remain relevant in
shedding light on what likely transpired in the case of the four disputed
trades. I shall now deal with some of the main evidence surrounding the
parties’ cases on this issue.

Heng’s evidence in the course of the proceedings

46 First, the Defendant made much of the fact that the position taken by Heng
on how the orders were placed and instructions given for the undisputed trades
changed considerably over the course of the present Suit. In brief, Heng
initially took the position, in earlier proceedings by the Plaintiff for
summary judgment under O 14 of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, 2014 Rev Ed), that
the Defendant had given direct instructions to Heng for all the trades
(including the four disputed trades) by telephone calls. This position was
taken or evidenced, inter alia, by Heng in the following documents:

(a) Heng’s statutory declaration dated 25 November 2013;

(b) Heng’s first affidavit filed for the O 14 proceedings dated 22 April 2014;
and

(c) Heng’s second affidavit dated 27 May 2014 when he stated that he stood by
the statutory declaration and his first affidavit.

47 Thereafter, Heng’s position changed. In the Statement of Claim (Amendment
No 1) (“SOC(1)”) dated 8 October 2014, the Plaintiff pleaded in para 7 that
the Defendant executed trades by way of oral instructions provided to Heng
directly or indirectly through Adrian and or “one Mr Lee Lim Kern, also known
as Lincoln.” SOC(1) at para 8 goes on to aver that in or around May 2013, the
Defendant “through [Adrian] instructed [Heng] to also take instructions from
Lincoln.” Thereafter, in his AEIC filed for the trial (dated 16 February 2015)
at paras 21 to 30, Heng again asserts that the undisputed trades were executed
by him on behalf of the Defendant upon instructions given to him on his mobile
phone by Adrian and later on by Lincoln.

48 It is clear that the position that Heng was taking in his AEIC for the
trial was very different from that which had been previously asserted. Whilst
Heng did not expressly state in his AEIC that he had lied in the previous
statutory declaration and interlocutory affidavits, during cross-examination,
he more or less accepted that he had lied when he previously affirmed the
statutory declaration and affidavits which stated that he had received
instructions orally from the Defendant directly. 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

NE 7 July 2016 p 49 lines 10-23; p 50 line 17- p 51 line 14

Indeed, Heng asserted at trial that he in fact never met the Defendant again
after the lunch meeting of 18 January 2013.

49 Heng’s explanation as to why he had previously lied or provided a different
story about the Defendant giving oral instructions directly for the trades was
hard to follow. The reasons articulated included: that there was an agreement
to protect Adrian, that the story was maintained as an inducement to the
Defendant to pay a discounted sum to the Plaintiff, and that he lied simply to
protect his own position. 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

Defendant’s submissions at paras 19 -25.

50 The Defendant submitted that the fact that Heng had lied and had asserted
inconsistent positions in his statutory declaration and interlocutory
affidavits heavily affects the overall reliability of his evidence at trial.
In short, the Defendant’s case is that Heng told the truth in his statutory
declaration and interlocutory affidavits to the extent that he stated that
oral instructions were provided by the Defendant to place the undisputed
trades. However, the contents of the statutory declaration and interlocutory
affidavits were false to the extent that Heng stated that he had also received
oral instructions from the Defendant for the four disputed trades.

51 The Plaintiff, on the other hand, took the position that whilst Heng did
change his position on how and/or who provided the instructions for the
undisputed trades, Heng had been consistent in maintaining the baseline
position that all the trades placed in the Defendant’s account were in fact
authorised. In other words, although Heng was untruthful in stating that the
Defendant had placed the orders himself, the fact of the matter is that the
orders were placed by Adrian and Lincoln with the Defendant’s knowledge or
consent. Indeed, I note that when asked whether he had lied in the statutory
declaration and interlocutory affidavits, Heng’s response was that he had lied
but that it was “not a hundred per cent lie”. By this, what Heng appears to
have meant was that the trades were still those of the Defendant. 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

NE 7 July 2016 p 42 lines 9-17; p 49 lines 2-7; p 58 lines 10-14

The Defendant’s evidence about his trading and settlement of losses

52 The Defendant’s evidence about his trading activity is also relevant in
assessing how the Defendant’s account was operated. Under cross-examination,
the Defendant described himself as an active technical trader in 2013. By
this, what he appears to have meant was that he made decisions to buy and sell
by reference to a moving day average system. 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

NE 13 July 2016 p 89 line 5 – p 90 line 15

The trades were made by himself and for his own account. As explained above,
the Defendant’s evidence was that he placed the orders for his trades directly
with Heng for the 96 undisputed trades.

53 That being the case, it is surprising that the Defendant’s answers to the
fundamental question of whether the orders were placed in writing, orally or
by some other means was materially inconsistent. In his reply to the
Plaintiff’s request for further and better particulars, the Defendant stated
that the manner in which orders were placed was “[m]ainly oral to the best of
the Defendant’s recollection” [emphasis added]. 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

Set Down Bundle, Tab 5, p 2

He admitted during cross-examination that this must mean that there was also
some other way in which he had communicated with Heng. However, he later
stated that in fact, the placement of orders were “all oral”. 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

NE 14 July 2016 p 58 line 2 – p 59 line 21

When pressed, he said that some orders were placed, not through telephone
calls, but at physical (face-to-face) meetings with Heng. However, he
ultimately retracted that statement when he was unable to satisfactorily
explain why he had not brought this up earlier. 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

NE 14 July 2016 p 68 line 11 – p 72 line 20

In the end, his position was that the orders for the 96 undisputed trades were
all placed over the telephone.

54 Further, the Defendant was decidedly vague on many points of detail about
his trading accounts. First, the Defendant’s evidence on how many trading
accounts he had in 2013 was laboured. In particular, he was unsure about his
account at DMG. He could not recall who his broker was at DMG, 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

NE 13 July 2016 p 105 lines 6-9; 110 lines 22-24

and had trouble recalling whether he even traded under the DMG account, as the
following exchange reveals: 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

NE 13 July 2016 p 104 lines 7-9; p 105 lines 11 - 15

Q. And for the DMG Securities account?

A. I really cannot recall whether I traded in DMG Securities account, your
Honour.

…

Q. Are you suggesting to the court that in 2013 your account with DMG
Securities was dormant?

A. If I never trade, which I can’t recall, it should be dormant, but even if I
had, it should have not much trading.

55 The Defendant also could not recall clearly when he opened his accounts at
CIMB and UOB Kay Hian. For example, in the case of the account at CIMB, the
Defendant said he had no recollection as to when the account was opened, even
though counsel for the Plaintiff had given him a wide range of suggestions,
querying whether it was in the “[e]arly 2000s, mid-2000s, late 2000s, around
2010, around 2012, 2013.” 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

NE 13 July 2016 p 100 line 7

Under further questioning, the Defendant agreed that it was after Adrian
joined CIMB as a corporate dealer and that it was Adrian who “got [him] to
open the CIMB account.” 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

NE 13 July 2016 p 100 lines 21-24.

56 Neither could he recall what the trading limits were: not even for his
accounts at CIMB and UOB Kay Hian, which he claims were the accounts that he
used most and in which he had weekly trades. 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

NE 13 July 2016 p 103 lines 7-20; p 104 lines 2-6

When asked why he opened so many accounts, his response was that it gave him
access to more information from brokers and that he sometimes opened an
account to help a friend. 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

NE 13 July 2016 p 108 lines 17-21; p 109 lines 10-14

The Defendant was reluctant to agree with the suggestion that he opened
multiple accounts so that he could access a higher combined trading limit. 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

NE 13 July 2016 p 107 line 21 – p 109 line 14

57 The point made is that the vagueness of the Defendant’s evidence on his
trading activity across his four accounts in 2013 is consistent with the
Plaintiff’s position that it was Adrian who was the prime mover and who was in
effective control of the placement of trades in the Defendant’s account at the
Plaintiff. The Plaintiff points out that the Defendant did not even appear to
be sure of what profits he made in respect of the undisputed trades. In
particular, on 1 October 2013, there was an undisputed trade in 356,000
Blumont shares which resulted in a contra profit of $88,539.01. 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

1 AB 144

This undisputed trade is particularly significant as it was placed the day
before the four disputed trades, two of which were also for Blumont shares.
Yet, the Defendant did not recall or even refer to this trade when he provided
further and better particulars of his Defence and Counterclaim on 16 April
2014. In those particulars, the Defendant stated that the orders which he
placed with Heng occurred prior to 27 September 2013. 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

Set Down Bundle, Tab 5, p 2: Further and Better Particulars sought of the
Defendant’s Defence and Counterclaim

When asked to explain the discrepancy, the Defendant’s response was that the
failure to include the trade on 1 October 2013 was a “serious overlook” on his
part. 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

NE 14 July 2016 p 63 line 16 - p 64 line 18

This is rather surprising if the Defendant was in fact actively running his
own account. The trade resulted in the second largest profit in the history of
the undisputed trades. 58

##### Foot Note 58

×

Plaintiff’s submissions at paras 80 - 81

58 I move on to the Defendant’s assertions about the way that he settled his
losses on his trading account. The Defendant does not deny that losses
incurred for the undisputed trades were settled in cash. The Defendant however
asserts that he handed the cash amounts as high as $40,000 and $70,000
directly to Heng. The Defendant explains that the sums were not withdrawn from
a bank account but were kept at home in his father’s safe. The Defendant also
stated that the $70,000 that he took belonged to his father. 59

##### Foot Note 59

×

NE 14 July 2016 p 107 lines 2- 10

The Defendant did not provide an explanation as to why the losses were paid in
cash. Indeed he accepted that it would have been more convenient and less
risky if he had paid by cheque or bank transfer. 60

##### Foot Note 60

×

NE 14 July 2016 p 107 line 24 - p 108 line 6

59 There is, however, no independent evidence to support the Defendant’s claim
that he paid for the losses in cash personally. Heng’s evidence on the other
hand was that the cash was handed to him by Adrian and Lincoln. 61

##### Foot Note 61

×

Heng’s AEIC at para 34

The problem, however, is that there is no independent evidence to back up
Heng’s version of the way that the losses were settled either, given that both
Adrian and Lincoln have denied that they had anything to do with the orders
and the cash payments for losses. Based solely on the bare assertions of the
witnesses on how the losses were settled, there is insufficient evidence for
me to make a definitive finding on this point. Nonetheless, on the whole of
the evidence put forward by the Defendant, I am unable to accept that he was
actively involved in the trading in his own account.

The Call Logs and Matching Table

60 I move on to the next crucial area of evidence in relation to the parties’
cases, which relates to objective evidence in the form of call logs.

61 There was considerable cross-examination of Heng and the Defendant on how
many mobile phone numbers each possessed at the material time. The Defendant’s
evidence as to when he called Heng, and on what number, to place the trades
was rather vague. The Defendant was merely able to recall that Heng had two
mobile numbers and that he had stored these numbers into his mobile phone.
Whenever he called Heng, he would use the speed dial function. 62

##### Foot Note 62

×

NE 14 July 2016 p 52 lines 1-10

It is noted that a substantial period of time has elapsed and it is not
surprising that the Defendant was unable to recollect specific dates or
occasions on which phone calls were made by him to Heng on trades and
transactions. Nevertheless, given the large number of phone calls that must
have been made (on his evidence), it is surprising that he has no recollection
whatsoever as to Heng’s phone number(s).

62 More importantly, no call logs from the mobile phone number that the
Defendant admits to using at the time were produced by him, even though (if he
were telling the truth) it would have been in his interest to produce them.
The Defendant’s evidence was essentially that although he knew he could have
asked his service provider for the call logs, he did not see the need to take
this step. 63

##### Foot Note 63

×

NE 14 July 2016 p 86 line 1-7; p 87 lines 8-20

The apparent reason was that Heng had already taken the position in the
statutory declaration and affidavits filed for the O 14 application that the
Defendant had personally placed the orders by telephone calls, presumably
obviating the need for the Defendant to obtain call logs to support his case.
64

##### Foot Note 64

×

NE 14 July 2016 p 84 lines 17-23; p 85 line 24 – p 86 line 19

Further, the Defendant adds that when he discovered the fact of the four
disputed trades, he was so angry that he smashed his phone and threw it away
as he did not want to have anything more to do with Heng. 65

##### Foot Note 65

×

NE 14 July 2016 p 53 line 4-12

63 By contrast, the Plaintiff points out that the SOC(1) and Heng’s AEICs for
the trial made it clear that Adrian and Lincoln had placed the orders for the
undisputed trades over the telephone. Heng also produced copies of his mobile
phone call logs, and these records were subjected to considerable cross-
examination. The key point is that the call records produced do not reflect a
single call from the Defendant to Heng in the period in question. The
Defendant’s response was that Heng had a number of phone numbers and that the
Defendant’s calls might have been to one or more of those other numbers, whose
call logs Heng did not disclose. Heng, on the other hand, insisted that he
only had the one mobile number, although he accepts that he did on occasion
use another remisier’s mobile when he was covering duties for that remisier.
66

##### Foot Note 66

×

NE 7 July 2016 p 105 lines 14-21

However, he stated that when he did use those numbers, it was to correspond
with that remisier’s clients, and not with his own clients, such as the
Defendant. 67

##### Foot Note 67

×

NE 8 July 2016 p 112 lines 11-22

64 I pause to note that all the telephone calls to Heng on the undisputed
trades and transactions were made to Heng’s mobile number(s) and not to his
office landline. Searches by the Plaintiff on the records of Heng’s landline
drew a blank. In any event, if the orders had been placed by a call to the
office land line, there would have been some record. In this respect I note
that Clause 22.1 of the OSTA 2012 make clear that telephone conversations may
be recorded by the Plaintiff and used as evidence in any dispute. The
importance of communicating in a manner whereby there is some record of the
communication must have been obvious to all parties. Indeed, Clause 22.3(c)
(whilst not directly relevant) reminds the client of risks attendant to trades
executed outside the Plaintiff’s office. The witnesses never offered any
explanation as to why orders were not placed by means of calls to Heng’s land
line.

65 Based on the call logs from his mobile phone, the dates and times of the
orders, the dates and times of the transfer of monies to the Defendant’s
account and the date of payment of cash for losses, Heng compiled a “Matching
Table” in which he attempted to demonstrate a high degree of correlation
between the dates and times of the transactions on the Defendant’s account,
and the telephone communications received or made by Heng to Adrian and
Lincoln. 68

##### Foot Note 68

×

Heng’s AEIC at Exhibit HGT-4

I should add at this juncture that in assessing Heng’s evidence on his call
logs and the Matching Table which he produced, I have taken note that the
Matching Table is Heng’s own attempt to reconstruct the transactions in the
Defendant’s account with the goal of establishing some basis for the
submission that all the transactions were placed from numbers belonging to
either Adrian or Lincoln. Heng accepts that the Matching Table was compiled
based on his sight of his call logs, and the Plaintiff’s records of the
transactions as well as his own memory as to who he was speaking to over the
mobile phone in respect of the transaction. 69

##### Foot Note 69

×

NE 7 July 2016 p 6 line 13 p 11 line 19

66 The information in the Matching Table was organised and presented under
seven columns. For example, the first three entries in the Matching Table are
as follows:

Calls From/To| Contact Number| Date of Call(s)| Trade Date| Contract Number|
Counter| Settlement Date  
---|---|---|---|---|---|---  
Adrian Goh| [number redacted]| 8 Feb 13| 8 Feb 13| 128544/001| Asiasons| 15
Feb 13  
Adrian Goh| [number redacted]| 19 Feb 13 | 19 Feb 13 | 139611/502| Asiasons| 20 Feb 13  
Adrian Goh| [number redacted]| 1 Mar 13| 1 Mar 13 | 156629/001| Asiasons| 6 Mar 13  
1 Mar 13  
  
67 In the case of Adrian, Heng’s evidence was that there were four numbers
which belonged to or were used by Adrian. Of these, Adrian admitted that one
of the numbers was indeed his. 70

##### Foot Note 70

×

Plaintiff’s submissions at para 85; NE 12 July 2016 p 23 line 25 – p 24 line
18

There is no independent evidence to show that calls from the other numbers to
and from Heng were indeed phone numbers belonging to Adrian.

68 In this context, it is noted that Heng’s call logs show that between 17
January 2013 and 5 August 2013, there were 447 calls between Heng and Adrian’s
admitted number. 71

##### Foot Note 71

×

Plaintiff’s submissions at para 145; Plaintiff’s Exhibits (Volume 1) Tab 7,
last page

These calls generally corresponded to the timing of when the orders were
placed. 72

##### Foot Note 72

×

NE 12 July 2016 pp 50- 61 and pp 120-121

In particular, the Plaintiff points out that between 17 January 2013 and 24
January 2013, which was around the time when the Defendant opened up his
trading account with the Plaintiff, there were 28 calls exchanged between Heng
and Adrian. 73

##### Foot Note 73

×

Plaintiff’s submissions at para 123

The last call attributed to Adrian (according to the Matching Table and call
logs) took place on 5 August 2013. Thereafter, all the calls were from phone
numbers said to belong to Lincoln, which I will come to in a moment.

69 Adrian’s explanation for the calls and the fact that the timing matched the
placement of the orders was that this was pure coincidence. 74

##### Foot Note 74

×

NE 12 July 2016 p 121 lines 16 – 20.

Adrian asserts that he did call Heng from time to time, but those calls were
to chat about market intelligence and movements in counters. 75

##### Foot Note 75

×

NE 12 July 2016 p 33 line 6 – p 34 line 16

70 However, I note that whilst some of the calls lasted several minutes, the
duration of many of the calls was very short, with quite a few lasting around
30 seconds or less. It seems rather improbable that so many calls of such
short duration would be placed at all times of the day (often during working
hours) to discuss market intelligence, as Adrian states. The Defendant offers
the explanation that some of the phone calls might have been very brief simply
because “remisiers are busy people who talk to many clients at the same time
to receive orders and inquiries and execute trades at a hectic pace.” 76

##### Foot Note 76

×

Defendant’s submissions at para 91

I have no doubt that remisiers are indeed very busy and especially so during
trading hours. For that reason, the number of phone calls strongly suggests
that many or at least some of the calls must have been more than just general
chats on market intelligence.

71 With regards to Lincoln, Heng claims that there were three numbers which
belonged to or were used by Lincoln. Of these, Lincoln agreed that one number
was indeed his number. 77

##### Foot Note 77

×

NE 13 July 2016 p 5 lines 13-16 and p 6 lines 3-14

However, it is not in dispute that Lincoln’s admitted mobile number was a
“blocked number”. 78

##### Foot Note 78

×

NE 8 July 2016 at p.20, line 16 - p21 line 7

In other words, a call from the blocked number would not show up in Heng’s
caller ID on his mobile phone, and would be captured in the call logs as a
“blocked number” or a blank. In fact, the call logs do show that Heng received
a number of calls from a blocked number at or around the time of a number of
transactions. For example, on 15 August and 17 September 2013, he received a
call from a blocked number which was proximate to the time when trades in IHC
and LionGold were executed respectively. 79

##### Foot Note 79

×

Heng’s AEIC at Exhibit HGT-4 p 105

When asked how he (Heng) was able to recall that it was Lincoln whom he was
speaking to on those occasions, Heng’s evidence is that to the best of his
recollection, he recognised Lincoln’s voice and knew he was speaking to
Lincoln. 80

##### Foot Note 80

×

NE 7 July 2016 p 52 lines 12-15

By way of example, the 58th entry in Heng’s Matching Table is as follows:

Calls From/To| Contact Number| Date of Call(s)| Trade Date| Contract Number|
Counter| Settlement Date  
---|---|---|---|---|---|---  
Lincoln| (Blocked Number)| 17 Sep 13| 17 Sep 13| 370762/001| LionGold Warrant|
20 Sep 13  
  
72 However, Lincoln flatly denied that the calls from the blocked numbers were
made by him. The Defendant’s position was that there is very little basis for
Heng to assume or believe that the blocked number calls revealed by the call
logs were indeed from Lincoln. However, the court was not provided with
Lincoln’s call logs. When Lincoln was asked whether he tried to get access to
his own call logs to demonstrate that he did not call Heng’s number, his
evidence was that by the time he tried to do so in May 2016, the service
provider had informed him that there was insufficient time to prepare the call
logs in time for the trial. It is true that the first day of the trial was two
months later, on 7 July 2016. That said, the point remains that Lincoln was
subpoenaed to give evidence in May 2015. There was ample time to secure the
call logs between May 2015 and the trial in July 2016, but his evidence was
that he did not do so, without giving any reasons for his failure. 81

##### Foot Note 81

×

NE 13 July 2016 p 43 lines 8-15

73 In addition, what is interesting is that an examination of the outgoing
calls from Heng’s phone reveals a fair number of calls made by Heng to
Lincoln’s admitted phone number. This is the very “blocked number” that
Lincoln’s accepts belongs to him. In this regard, it should be noted that when
a subscriber (such as Heng) who knows the blocked number makes an outgoing
call to that blocked number, his own outgoing call log will reveal the blocked
number. For example, the outgoing call records exhibited in Ms Ramasamy’s AEIC
(which was unchallenged) show calls being placed on 16 September 2013 at
8.55am and again at 4.10pm. Calls were also made to that number on the 17
September, 29 September, 5 October, 6 October, 8 October, 9 October and 10
October 2013. The durations of the calls were rather short ranging from one or
two seconds to around five minutes.

74 Thus, whilst the call logs are equivocal at best as to whether Lincoln
called Heng on orders during the relevant time frame, it is at least clear
that Heng did place a fair number of calls to Lincoln’s blocked number. What
those calls were about is of course a matter of conjecture. However, it is
important to note that some of the outgoing calls to Lincoln’s blocked number
were placed before the four disputed trades.

75 As a final note, I am conscious that neither Heng, Adrian nor Lincoln have
been forthcoming on the number of mobile numbers each possessed. The evidence
indeed has been decidedly murky with allegations and claims that some numbers
were from pre-paid SIM cards, which made it difficult to trace the numbers to
the person using them. Essentially, each witness took the position that he
only had one mobile number. Each witness claimed that the others had multiple
mobile phone numbers. Nothing ultimately turns on this, and I have based my
findings on the numbers admitted by the parties.

76 Before I conclude this section, I note that aside from the service
provider’s call logs and Heng’s Matching Table, the Plaintiff’s counsel also
made extensive reference to tables and charts produced by the Plaintiff’s
legal representatives. These include (i) a Summary of Calls to Heng’s mobile;
82

##### Foot Note 82

×

See Plaintiff’s submissions at annex 2

(ii) a revised Master List of Transactions in the Defendant’s account; 83

##### Foot Note 83

×

See Plaintiff’s submissions at annex 3

(iii) a Summary Table of Calls to and from Adrian and Lincoln against
Withdrawal of Profits and Settlement of Losses; 84

##### Foot Note 84

×

See Plaintiff’s submissions at annex 4

(iv) a Summary Table of Calls to and from Adrian on days when emails were sent
to and from Adrian and Heng; 85

##### Foot Note 85

×

See Plaintiff’s submissions at annex 5

and (v) a Summary Table of Calls to and from Adrian matched with the
Transactions Reflected in the Excel spreadsheet (which I will come to in the
next section). 86

##### Foot Note 86

×

See Plaintiff’s submissions at annex 6

77 These charts or tables were not produced by Heng or the witnesses. Instead
they were based on information extracted by the Plaintiff’s counsel from the
Plaintiff’s monthly statements, contra statements, order logs, StarHub call
logs and the AEICs of the Plaintiff’s witnesses. Whilst I appreciate the
effort to organise and present the substantial volume of information, I make
clear that the decision I have come to is based on the evidence of the actual
witnesses placed before the court, including Heng’s Matching Table, the calls
logs and the evidence as to the order logs and contra statements.

The Excel spreadsheet

78 The next piece of evidence relates to the communications between Adrian and
Heng in March 2013 on the working out of brokerage commissions. Shortly after
the Defendant opened his account at the Plaintiff, Adrian, by way of an email
dated 11 March 2013, provided Heng with an Excel spreadsheet template to work
out trade account information, including price, quantity, brokerage charges,
fees, GST calculations and ensuing profit and losses on trades. 87

##### Foot Note 87

×

Heng’s 2nd AEIC dated 14 April 2016 at Exhibit HGT-9, p 39; NE 12 July 2016 p
68 lines 12 - 23, p 70, line 14 – p 71 line 1

79 Heng’s evidence was that Adrian had requested him to provide a breakdown of
fees and brokerage charges in respect of each trade that was executed in the
Defendant’s account. Adrian wanted Heng to provide a consolidated overview of
the fees and charges across the various trades executed in the Defendant’s
account from time to time. Heng explains that such a breakdown would not be
reflected in the monthly statements of account sent to the Defendant. 88

##### Foot Note 88

×

Heng 2nd AEIC at para 6(a)

80 Adrian’s position was rather different. He said that the Excel spreadsheet
template was developed for use by traders and staff at CIMB. Adrian had sent
Heng the sample template solely to assist Heng work out his commissions at the
Plaintiff. 89

##### Foot Note 89

×

NE 12 July 2016 p 87 line 11 – p 90 line 12

81 It is noteworthy, however, that Heng sent Adrian an email in response two
days later, on 13 March 2013, setting out an Excel spreadsheet filled out
according to the template that had been provided. The Excel spreadsheet set
out a breakdown and calculation of eight trades that were executed in early
March 2013, purportedly under the Defendant’s account. 90

##### Foot Note 90

×

Heng’s 2nd AEIC at Exhibit HGT-10, p 43; NE 12 July 2016 at p 73 lines 12 -
20, p 75 line 13 – p 77 line 14

The problem however is that this Excel spreadsheet did not expressly refer to
the Defendant’s account by name. Further, the counters referred to in this
spreadsheet were “WEE HUR” and “Swiss Co” as opposed to Blumont, Asiasons or
LionGold. 91

##### Foot Note 91

×

Heng’s 2nd AEIC at Exhibit HGT-10, p 44

Whilst his explanation that he was being “lazy” 92

##### Foot Note 92

×

NE 8 July 2016 p 96 line 13

in not changing the names of the counters on the spreadsheet may seem
questionable at first sight, there is little doubt that the eight trades
recorded in the Excel spreadsheet were indeed trades carried out in the
Defendant’s account in the Asiasons counter. This was demonstrated by Heng’s
comparison of the trades set out in the Excel spreadsheet against the order
logs and the monthly statement of accounts. 93

##### Foot Note 93

×

Heng’s 2nd AEIC at para 12; Plaintiff’s submissions at para 141; Heng’s AEIC
at Exhibit HGT-2, p 67.

The brokerage rate charged at the Plaintiff was 0.180%. The brokerage rate
that Adrian wanted to be applied was 0.160%. After discussions it was agreed
(according to Heng) that a commission rate of 0.170% would be used and that
Heng would personally reimburse Adrian for the 0.01% differential. 94

##### Foot Note 94

×

Heng 2nd AEIC at paras 7 and 15

82 Looking at the evidence as a whole, I am satisfied that Adrian clearly
demonstrated a keen interest in obtaining regular overviews of the trades
conducted by Heng in respect of the Defendant’s account. Whilst this is not
conclusive evidence supporting Heng’s case, it is undoubtedly consistent with
the arrangement that the Plaintiff asserts had been made between Adrian, Heng
and the Defendant.

Lincoln’s role

83 I move on to the role of Lincoln in the trades. What is apparent from
Heng’s call logs is that after about 5 August 2013 there were no more phone
calls from any of the numbers that Heng asserts belongs to or were used by
Adrian. This includes the number that Adrian admits belongs to him.

84 The Plaintiff’s case is that from August 2013 onwards, the running of the
Defendant’s account was taken over by Lincoln, with the knowledge and consent
of the Defendant. By contrast, the Defendant denies that Lincoln ever gave
instructions on his account for the undisputed trades. The Defendant submits
that the Plaintiff, through Heng, was unable to link any trades to the
telephone registered in Lincoln’s name. 95

##### Foot Note 95

×

Defendant’s submissions at para 3

85 The Plaintiff did not offer any reason as to why the handling of the
Defendant’s account was “passed” over to Lincoln. This is something which is
obviously not within its knowledge. However the evidence established that by
around the end of September or early October 2013, Adrian ceased work at CIMB.
96

##### Foot Note 96

×

NE 12 July 2016 p 9 lines 15-18

Whilst the evidence could have been clearer, it seems that Adrian was detained
by the Singapore Prison Service on 2 October 2013 and was discharged on 14
October 2014. 97

##### Foot Note 97

×

See letter dated 18 July 2016 sent by Tan Kok Quan Partnership, the law firm
acting for Adrian attaching a letter from the Singapore Prison Service dated
14 October 2014. The letter was sent to the Supreme Court Registry shortly
after the close of the evidence. See also Defendant’s submissions at para
19(d) that Adrian had been “incarcerated”

This period was referred to as admission for “drug rehabilitation”; the
reality is that Adrian was incarcerated. 98

##### Foot Note 98

×

Defendant’s submissions at para 128

It is reasonably clear that given Adrian’s personal problems it would have
been difficult for him to be an active trader in the period immediately prior
to his admission for rehabilitation.

86 In the end, the real question is whether Lincoln did in fact issue
instructions to Heng for trades on the Defendant’s account in circumstances
such that the Defendant must have known and consented to his giving
instructions. It does not matter as much why Lincoln took such an active role
in giving orders to Heng on the Defendant’s account from around August 2013.

87 After considering the evidence as a whole, I am satisfied it was indeed
Lincoln who had placed the trades on the Defendant’s accounts from about
August 2013.

88 First, it is clear that Lincoln was acquainted with Heng and Adrian.
Although Lincoln, in testifying, was keen to give the impression that he was
not that close to Adrian, 99

##### Foot Note 99

×

NE 13 July 2016 p 6 line 18 – p 7 line 22

it is clear from his own evidence that he was on friendly terms with Adrian
and that he met him socially around twice a month (see [18] above). Lincoln
and Adrian knew that they were both traders ion the stock market. Their
conversations were usually on market activity and counters, including Blumont.
In particular, Lincoln stated that Adrian mentioned that his family traded on
“penny stocks.” Lincoln was also introduced to Heng during a social occasion
(see [18] above).

89 Second, I note Lincoln’s position that he did not know the Defendant at
all. To be clear, there is no evidence which suggests that Lincoln had met the
Defendant on any occasion. But even if I were to accept that Lincoln truly did
not know the Defendant, this would not affect the Plaintiff’s case. What is
important is that the Defendant obviously knew Adrian. Once it is accepted
that it was Adrian who persuaded the Defendant to open the trading account
with the Plaintiff as a front, so that Adrian could issue instructions and
trade on that account (whether by himself or by those he instructs), it is not
surprising that the Defendant would not know very much about the placement of
individual orders. His interest would largely be in the commission or sums
that he was paid for the use of his account.

90 However, one aspect of Heng’s testimony that was especially troubling
concerns Heng’s reason as to why he did not call the Defendant to confirm
directly that Lincoln could be permitted to provide instructions. Under cross-
examination, Heng’s explanation was primarily that he was assured by Adrian
that the Defendant had been informed and had no problems with the arrangement.
Heng asserted several times that Adrian told him not to contact the Defendant.
100

##### Foot Note 100

×

NE 7 July 2016 p 20 lines 6 – 23; NE 8 July 2016 p 100 lines 1-17

When asked for the reason, Heng’s evidence was that it was because Adrian and
Lincoln were both trading representatives attached to other trading houses.
Strict rules applied where a remisier or trader wanted to operate accounts at
different trading houses. 101

##### Foot Note 101

×

NE 8 July 2016 p 118 lines 12 – 21

91 However, this still does not explain why Adrian should have told Heng not
to even contact the Defendant to confirm the position. 102

##### Foot Note 102

×

NE 8 July 2016 p 120 line 24 - p 121 line 3

Even if it was not necessary to contact the Defendant for confirmation each
and every time Adrian and Lincoln called to issue instructions, it is hard to
understand why Heng should not confirm directly with the Defendant that
Lincoln did have general authority to issue instructions to trade on his
account. When pressed further, Heng’s explanation was that he simply followed
Adrian’s instructions, because it was Adrian who had introduced him to the
Defendant, who was a “rich customer” and from a well-to-do family. He said
that Adrian facilitated the opening of the Defendant’s account at the
Plaintiff and was providing instructions right from the start. The Defendant
knew of this arrangement and never protested even though he must have received
numerous statements and order confirmations for trades placed by Adrian. 103

##### Foot Note 103

×

NE 8 July 2016 p 120 line 3 - p 122 line 15

That being so, it appears that Heng assumed he could rely on Adrian’s
assurance that there was no problem with Lincoln placing orders.

92 Third, the evidence in relation to Lincoln’s operation of two other trading
accounts at the Plaintiff must be considered. It was established that sometime
in July 2013, a new account (under Heng) was opened at the Plaintiff by a Mr
Ang Kong Wah (“Ang”). Ang had been a customer at Kim Eng Securities since
2008, with Lincoln as the designated remisier. Sometime in September 2013,
Lincoln’s own sister, Ms Lee Lim Yin (“Ms Lee”) also opened a trading account
at the Plaintiff with Heng as the remisier in charge. 104

##### Foot Note 104

×

3PBD, Tab 13, p 1, para 2

Ms Lee also had a trading account at Kim Eng Securities. 105

##### Foot Note 105

×

NE 13 July 2013 p 39 lines 13-16

It appears that trades in both Ang and Ms Lee’s accounts were mainly in penny
stock counters such as Blumont, Asiasons and LionGold. 106

##### Foot Note 106

×

NE 13 July 2016 at p.28 lines 3-24; p 36 lines 23-25.

93 Legal proceedings were subsequently commenced by the Plaintiff to recover
large sums said to be due from Ang and Ms Lee. It appears that the sums said
to be owed to the Plaintiff in those two suits arise from trading in similar
penny stock counters and the catastrophic crash on 4 October 2013.

94 In the case of the suit against Ang, Ang brought a third party claim
against Lincoln, claiming an indemnity or contribution from him. According to
the Third Party Statement of Claim, Lincoln approached Ang and said that
Lincoln and a trading representative of the Plaintiff represented certain high
net-worth undisclosed principals of the Plaintiff, who were desirous of
opening a new trading accounts with the Plaintiff, and needed someone to front
these accounts on their behalf. In consideration of Ang agreeing to lend his
name to front the trading accounts, he was to be given 20% of the profit made
from the trades and he would be fully indemnified in respect of any loss. 107

##### Foot Note 107

×

3PBD, Tab 7, paras 3-5

95 Lincoln confirmed under cross-examination that he had received payments of
$827,255 from Ang out of profits of $976,465 earned from trades under Ang’s
account with the Plaintiff. These payments amounted to about 85% of the
profits made under Ang’s account with the Plaintiff. Evidently, there was some
sort of arrangement between Lincoln and Ang to share the profit and losses
arising from trades executed under Ang’s account. 108

##### Foot Note 108

×

NE 13 July 2013 p. 29 line 2 - p 30 line 3

The nature of the arrangement is however disputed. In particular, Lincoln
denied that Ang was asked to open the trading account as a “front” for
Lincoln. Instead, he stated that the payments, substantial though they are,
were made solely as payment for his recommendations or advice to Ang on the
market and the counters. 109

##### Foot Note 109

×

NE 13 July 2013 p 31 line 7 – p 32 line 14

The Plaintiff submits that this explanation is not credible given the size of
the payments.

96 In the case of the account opened by Ms Lee with the Plaintiff, there is no
dispute that she had lost around $1 million on a contra trade in respect of
Blumont in October 2013. Ms Lee’s pleaded defence in the suit by the Plaintiff
against her is that her account was opened for an undisclosed principal at the
request of Lincoln, and that she never operated the account. 110

##### Foot Note 110

×

Ms Lee’s Defence at 3PBD, Tab 14, paras 2 and 7

This discloses a similar modus operandi as in Ang’s case.

97 Lincoln’s evidence is that whilst he was aware that his sister had opened a
trading account at the Plaintiff, he could not recall whether he had
approached his sister or whether she had approached him on the matter. 111

##### Foot Note 111

×

NE 13 July 2013 p 36 lines 7-11

Lincoln agreed that his sister was not a regular trader and that the only
trade that was done was the trade on 2 October 2013 in the Blumont counter,
resulting in the substantial loss. 112

##### Foot Note 112

×

NE 13 July 2013 p 36 line 12 – p 37 line 3

However, he flatly denies having anything to do with the trades in her account
at the Plaintiff. Lincoln’s evidence is that his sister wanted to open an
account at the Plaintiff because she was apparently concerned that she would
have no broker to advise her on the sale and purchase of shares if, for some
reason, Lincoln could not be contacted or was “not around”. If she opened
another account at the Plaintiff, she would then still be able to buy and sell
shares in Lincoln’s absence. 113

##### Foot Note 113

×

NE 13 July 2013 p39 lines 5-19

98 This explanation is hard to follow. Lincoln accepts that his sister is not
a “regular trader”. She already had an account at Kim Eng Securities in
respect of which Lincoln was the remisier. Lincoln agreed that even if he
could not be contacted, she would be able to speak to another remisier at Kim
Eng Securities. In any case, it is noted that the 2 October 2013 trade on her
account at the Plaintiff was rather substantial. There is nothing to suggest
that this trade was placed by Ms Lee at the Plaintiff simply because Lincoln
was “not around” to advise her on the trade.

99 The Plaintiff, on the other hand, asserts that it is much more likely that
Lincoln asked his sister to open an account at the Plaintiff under Heng, and
that this account was to be operated on the instructions of Lincoln.

100 I agree with the Plaintiff that the evidence in respect of Lincoln’s
involvement with Ang and Ms Lee’s account is at least consistent with its
assertion that Lincoln was similarly involved in the placement of orders in
the Defendant’s account around August 2013 as well. In short, the Defendant
had also been acting as the front for Lincoln, just as the Defendant had been
the front for Adrian prior to Lincoln taking over the management of the
Defendant’s account. 114

##### Foot Note 114

×

Plaintiff’s submissions at para 155

101 Whilst I am not making any finding of fact on what transpired in respect
of the operation of the accounts of Ang and Ms Lee, I do take note of the
following points. It is clear from Lincoln’s evidence that he was a seasoned
and experienced trader. He had actively traded for clients in the penny stock
counters at Kim Eng Securities, where he worked as a remisier. He was aware
that these counters were “hot”. In fact, he was well aware of the fact that
some trading houses, including his own (Kim Eng Securities), had started to
place trading limits on penny stocks such as LionGold and Blumont. On the
evidence before me, Kim Eng Securities appears to have been one of the first
trading houses to impose some restrictions. Yet, even though Kim Eng
Securities was placing limits on the penny stock counters, on his own
evidence, Lincoln was still advising Ang to trade in these stocks at the new
account which Ang had opened at the Plaintiff, and receiving rather large sums
for it. Indeed, I note that the Plaintiff only imposed restrictions after
trading in the shares in the penny stock counters were suspended by the
Singapore Stock Exchange Limited (“SGX”) on 4 October 2013, 115

##### Foot Note 115

×

NE 11 July 2016 p 78 line 24 – p 79 line 6

which presented an opportunity for traders to continue trading on penny stocks
at the Plaintiff just before the crash, even though it might have been more
difficult to do so at some other trading houses.

102 The Defendant’s position is that any connection between the trading in
these accounts and the Defendant’s account is at best “tenuous.” 116

##### Foot Note 116

×

Defendant’s submissions at para 70

Further, the allegations against Lincoln in respect of Ang and Ms Lee’s
accounts have not been tested at trial. 117

##### Foot Note 117

×

Defendant’s submissions at para 67

Neither of these two suits has resulted in a considered decision after trial.
It is not in dispute that the suit brought against Ang was settled with a
payment of $100,000 by Ang. The Defendant underscores that the settlement was
made without admission of liability. The Defendant also describes the
settlement payment as a “paltry sum” as compared to the costs of defending the
suit. 118

##### Foot Note 118

×

Defendant’s submissions at para 67

The status of the suit against Ms Lee was not clarified, but the Defendant
stated that the case is still at the pleadings stage. 119

##### Foot Note 119

×

Defendant’s submissions at para 67

In addition, the Defendant quite fairly submits that the making of a finding
of fact that Lincoln was the one who placed the orders for the disputed trades
carries “potential legal implications, to say the least”.

103 I am cognisant that the brief comments I make on the evidence placed
before me in respect of the dealings in the accounts of Ang and Ms Lee are
based solely on the evidence of Lincoln and Heng. In assessing the evidence on
the trading accounts of Ang and Ms Lee opened with the Plaintiff, I am
conscious of the fact that neither Ang nor Ms Lee testified in the hearing
before me. Further, I note that no connection has been asserted between the
Defendant’s account and those of Ang and Ms Lee other than the claim that
Lincoln was also connected with trades in those accounts. 120

##### Foot Note 120

×

Ang’s Third Party SOC at 3 PBD, Tab 7, p 2, paras 3-4 and Ms Lee’s Defence at
3PBD, Tab 14, p 1, para 2

I also note that if Heng’s evidence at trial is accepted, the implications for
Adrian and Lincoln may be serious given the undisputed evidence that a trader
is not normally permitted to operate or give instructions on a trading account
held outside his own trading house. However, having carefully considered the
totality of the evidence, as highlighted above, my finding that Lincoln was
involved in the operation of the Defendant’s account is not affected.

The three meetings in October and November 2013

104 Before I turn to examine the evidence on the four disputed trades, it is
convenient at this point to jump forward in time to examine three meetings
which occurred in October and November 2013, after the penny stock crash on 4
October 2013. These meetings are important for the purpose of assessing
whether Heng’s testimony at trial regarding the general operation of the
Defendant’s account is to be believed. Of particular interest is the evidence
as to what the parties allegedly said at the meetings as to how and who gave
instructions to trade on the Defendant’s account.

105 The first meeting took place on or about 9 October 2013. Whilst there is
some dispute as to whether the meeting was on 7 or 9 October 2013, nothing
turns on this. It is not disputed that the meeting took place at the offices
of Wee Hur. It appears that the meeting was called by GYG and was for the
purposes of discussing the losses incurred in respect of the Defendant’s
account. There is no dispute that Adrian was not present at the meeting.
Indeed, it will be recalled that by this date, Adrian was already in detention
for drug rehabilitation.

106 The meeting was instead attended by GYG, Lucas, Heng and the Defendant.
Heng’s evidence was that he explained right from the outset that Adrian was
the person giving instructions for trades and that Adrian subsequently told
him to also take instructions from Lincoln. 121

##### Foot Note 121

×

Heng’s AEIC at paras 44 and 46

107 A range of other matters was also discussed at the first meeting. For
example, GYG requested that Heng should “consider relieving the Defendant of
his liability” by claiming that he (Heng) had executed the trades without
authorisation. 122

##### Foot Note 122

×

Heng’s AEIC at para 49

It appeared that GYG told Heng that if he cooperated by admitting that the
trade was unauthorised, GYG would “take care of” Heng by finding him an
alternative job in Vietnam. 123

##### Foot Note 123

×

Heng’s AEIC at para 50; NE 7 July 2016 p 111 lines 15-19

Whilst Heng stated that he did not see why he should agree to be the
scapegoat, 124

##### Foot Note 124

×

Heng’s AEIC at para 52

he accepted that he apologised to the Defendant at the end of the meeting at
the request of GYG. Heng also stated that GYG insisted that Adrian’s name
should not be raised in any further discussions or meetings on the matter. 125

##### Foot Note 125

×

Heng’s AEIC at para 51; NE 7 July 2016 p 109 lines 16-24

108 The second meeting took place on 10 October 2013. This meeting took place
at the offices of the Plaintiff. The meeting was attended by Lee, Chen, Heng,
GYG, Lucas and the Defendant. In brief, Heng’s recollection of this meeting
was that GYG was the main person speaking on behalf of the Defendant and that
he informed Lee that the trades were not authorised by the Defendant. In
response, Heng’s evidence was that he asserted that the trades were authorised
and that instructions were given to him on his mobile phone. Under cross-
examination, Heng clarified that he had informed those present that someone
other than the Defendant had called Heng on his mobile phone, and that the
trade was therefore authorised. 126

##### Foot Note 126

×

Heng’s AEIC at paras 54-57; NE 7 July 2016 p 134 lines 13-25.

109 Under cross-examination, Heng further explained that he could not mention
Adrian’s name (and presumably his role in trades on the Defendant’s account)
at the second meeting because of GYG’s insistence at the first meeting that
Heng should keep “quiet” about Adrian’s involvement. 127

##### Foot Note 127

×

NE 7 July 2016 p 113 lines 20-25

The meeting ended with Lee telling the Defendant and GYG to write in to the
Plaintiff if they wished to raise objections to the October trades. Heng’s
recollection was that GYG stated that a legal letter would be sent to the
Plaintiff. 128

##### Foot Note 128

×

Heng’s AEIC at para 59

110 The third meeting took place about one month later, on 11 November 2013.
According to Heng, the meeting was at the request of GYG and he was told that
the purpose of the meeting was to discuss the job proposal made by GYG to Heng
(in exchange for Heng admitting that the four disputed trades were
unauthorised) at the first meeting (see [107] above). To this end, GYG,
together with Lucas, picked Heng from the Plaintiff’s office. According to
Heng, GYG then informed Heng for the first time that they were in fact going
to the offices of a law firm. At the law firm’s office, Heng was asked to tell
the attending lawyer (who was a non-executive director of Wee Hur) 129

##### Foot Note 129

×

NE 8 July 2016 p 66 lines 5-13

what he had “admitted” previously. It seems that this must have caught the
attending lawyer by surprise. The lawyer at that point requested Heng to step
outside and to leave the meeting. 130

##### Foot Note 130

×

Heng’s AEIC at para 65

111 The account of the meetings presented by the Defendant was different on
some key points. The Defendant’s recollection was that the first meeting took
place on 7 October 2013 and that Heng admitted in the meeting that the
disputed trades were made without the Defendant’s instructions. 131

##### Foot Note 131

×

Defendant’s AEIC at para 13(b)

Further, the Defendant asserts that Heng informed at the meeting that a person
called Lee Lim Kern (who is Lincoln) had approached him for access to client
accounts on which he could place trades. 132

##### Foot Note 132

×

Defendant’s AEIC at para 13(c)

The Defendant’s evidence is that Heng admitted that he agreed to this proposal
and that Lincoln would be fully responsible for the losses on the Defendant’s
account. 133

##### Foot Note 133

×

Defendant’s AEIC at paras 13(d) and 16

112 As for the second meeting, the Defendant’s evidence was that Heng had
admitted that the Defendant had not instructed him to make the disputed trades
and that the trades were done for a person called “Lincoln.” 134

##### Foot Note 134

×

Defendant’s AEIC at para 20

According to the Defendant, the meeting was very short and ended when Lee cut
in to state that this was a very serious matter and time was needed to
investigate the facts. 135

##### Foot Note 135

×

Defendant’s AEIC at para 20

113 As for the third meeting, the Defendant asserts that he was not present.

114 As can be seen, the position of the Plaintiff and the Defendant on what
Heng said at the meetings, especially on whether the trades were authorised by
the Defendant and how or who placed the orders is very much in issue.

115 Some support for the Plaintiff’s case, as set out in Heng’s evidence, can
be found in the evidence of Chen. Chen was present at the second meeting where
he took a contemporaneous note of the meeting. Chen’s evidence in court was
that there was no mention of a “Lim Lin Ken” (which the Defendant said was how
he previously thought Lincoln’s name was spelt) during the meeting at all. 136

##### Foot Note 136

×

NE 11 July 2016 p 117 lines 2-13

According to the contemporaneous note which Chen made, when GYG stated at the
meeting that the Defendant did not give instructions to place the order,
Heng’s response was merely that he received the instructions from “someone” to
place the order on the Defendant’s account. 137

##### Foot Note 137

×

Chen’s AEIC filed on 29 June 2016 at Exhibit PC-2.

116 On the other hand, support for the Defendant’s version of what was stated
by Heng at the meetings can be found in the evidence of Lucas and GYG.
According to Lucas, at the second meeting, Heng admitted that the Defendant
had not issued the instructions to make the disputed trades and that they had
been made for a person called Lincoln. 138

##### Foot Note 138

×

Lucas’ AEIC at para 12

The evidence of GYG as to what transpired at the meetings is also similar to
the position taken by the Defendant. For the sake of completeness, I note that
there is no mention at all by GYG or Lucas of any proposal made to Heng for
him to take responsibility for the disputed trades in exchange for employment.
In addition, neither Lucas nor GYG’s AEIC makes any reference at all to any
third meeting.

117 The Defendant also tendered evidence in the form of a handwritten note
prepared by him and dated 10 October 2013. The note sets out what appears to
be a summary of his recollection of what was said at the second meeting. It is
noted that the contents of the Defendant’s note differ from the evidence of
Heng and the contemporaneous note of the meeting taken by Chen, in particular
on whether Heng admitted that the trades were unauthorised and that it was
“Lin Ken” or Lincoln who called to place the orders. The opening three
paragraphs of the note are set out below: 139

##### Foot Note 139

×

2DBD, Tab 25

I make it clear to [Heng[ & [Lee] that the trades were not authorised by me. I
had also never authorise any one to trade on my behalf and never exercise the
trades myself. This is thus a fraud case which I am a victim. The losses from
these trades should therefore be borne by [the Plaintiff].

]Lee] is shocked to hear this and said this is a serious case.

I therefore ask [Heng][,] “Heng are the trades authorised by me or did I call
you to execute these trades?” [Heng] reply “No”. I ask him again “[t]hen who
traded these trades using my account?” [Heng] reply “Lin Ken.”

118 According to the Defendant, the note was prepared shortly after the second
meeting when the Defendant returned to his office at Wee Hur. 140

##### Foot Note 140

×

NE 13 July 2016 at p 61 lines 21 – 24.

119 The Plaintiff disputes and challenges the authenticity of the note. 141

##### Foot Note 141

×

Plaintiff’s submissions at para 159

The Plaintiff rightly submits that if the Defendant’s note was accurate, it is
surprising that there was no revelation of “Lin Ken” or Lincoln’s name in
legal letters sent by the Defendant’s lawyers on 3 January 2014 and 4 February
2014, which touched on the second meeting. 142

##### Foot Note 142

×

1 AB 215-216 and 219-220; Plaintiff’s submissions at para 160

There was also no mention or reference to the Defendant’s note in any of the
eight affidavits filed by the Defendant in the proceedings. Indeed, it was not
even mentioned in his AEIC filed for the trial (on 17 February 2015). Instead,
the note was simply disclosed as Item 91 in the Defendant’s 1st list of
documents dated 2 May 2014. 143

##### Foot Note 143

×

NE 13 July 2016 p 63 lines 13-20

Under cross-examination, the Defendant’s explanation was that he did refer to
the note when he drafted his affidavits and AEIC, but admitted that he did not
mention the note in their body. 144

##### Foot Note 144

×

NE 13 July 2016 p 63 lines 21-24; p 64 lines 12-14

Under further questioning, the Defendant accepted that it would have been
natural to refer to and exhibit the note in his affidavits and AEIC. 145

##### Foot Note 145

×

NE 13 July 2016 p 68 at lines 6-11

120 I note also that unlike the record or note prepared by Chen, the
Defendant’s note was not taken (whether in whole or in part) at the meeting
itself. In Chen’s case, his evidence was that he attended to observe the
meeting and to take contemporaneous notes at the meeting. For these reasons, I
am unable to place much reliance on the Defendant’s note, particularly on
whether Heng stated that the person who placed the orders for the disputed
trades was “Lin Ken” or Lincoln.

121 A number of points arise from the above summary of the evidence on the
three meetings.

122 First, the evidence as to what happened at the third meeting (indeed
whether it actually took place) is thin. There is no mention of the third
meeting at all by Adrian, GYG and Lucas. The lawyer before whom Heng was
allegedly asked to repeat his admissions was not asked to testify. I am
therefore not able to draw any firm conclusions on this third meeting.

123 Second, insofar as the 96 undisputed trades are concerned (including the 1
October 2013 trade in Blumont), Heng’s evidence is that at the first meeting,
he informed GYG and others that right from the start, instructions on the
Defendant’s account were given by Adrian and then Lincoln. The Defendant’s
(together with GYG’s) evidence was that at the first meeting, Heng admitted
that the four disputed trades were placed on the instructions of Lincoln and
that these were placed without the authorisation of the Defendant. The
Defendant and GYG did not discuss the 96 undisputed trades or the previous
operation of the Defendant’s account at all in their evidence on the first
meeting, which I find rather curious.

124 Third, it will be recalled that Heng’s evidence was that he only mentioned
Adrian and Lincoln at the first meeting. At the second meeting, all he said
was that “someone” had placed the orders over telephone calls, and that he had
the records. Heng’s general point was that he never admitted that the trades
were unauthorised. I pause here to note Heng’s evidence under cross-
examination that outside of the meetings, he did tell the credit officer of
the Plaintiff, a certain Mr Lai, that it was Lincoln who actually gave the
orders for the four disputed trades. Heng did not however tell Lee about
Lincoln’s involvement. 146

##### Foot Note 146

×

NE 7 July 2016 p 76 lines 4-16; p 77 lines 6-8; p 89 lines 4-10

According to Heng, it was because Mr Lai was chasing him for information as to
what happened on the Defendant’s account in relation to the four disputed
trades. 147

##### Foot Note 147

×

NE 7 July 2016 p 82 lines 4-5; 20-21

It was in this context that he divulged Lincoln’s role to Mr Lai. Heng stated
that he assumed that Mr Lai would pass the information to his superior.
However, what Mr Lai in fact did with this information is not clear. 148

##### Foot Note 148

×

NE 7 July 2016 p 82 line 22 - p 83 line 4

Mr Lai was not called to give evidence. At that time, his supervisor seems to
have been an officer from AmBank Malaysia (then the owner of the Plaintiff).
149

##### Foot Note 149

×

NE 7 July 2016 p 87 lines 12-23; NE 11 July 2016 p 74 lines 20-21

125 Looking at the evidence on the three meetings, I am satisfied that Heng
did state at the first meeting with GYG, Lucas and the Defendant that Adrian
had issued instructions on the Defendant’s account right from the start, that
is to say in February 2013 and that sometime later Adrian had instructed him
that orders could also be given by Lincoln. I am also satisfied that the
second meeting was in the terms recorded by Chen in the contemporaneous
minute. In other words, at all times, Heng has maintained that the trades on
the Defendant’s account were authorised.

Conclusion on the operation of the Defendant’s account

126 Based on the evidence as a whole, I am unable to accept the Defendant’s
assertion that he had personally provided oral instructions to Heng for the 96
undisputed trades. Instead, I am satisfied on the balance of probabilities
that Adrian initially provided most of the instructions for transactions in
the Defendant’s account. Adrian ceased to issue instructions sometime at the
end of July or early August 2013. Between August 2013 and 1 October 2013, the
transactions were placed on Lincoln’s instructions.

127 What follows next is a discussion of the placement of the four disputed
orders and the events occurring thereafter.

The Four Disputed Trades

128 The evidence is clear that in September all the way to 1 October 2013,
trades continued to be executed under the Defendant’s account in the LionGold
and Blumont counters (see [37]–[40] above). These trades were undisputed by
the Defendant. The trades went on even though the price of these counters had
spiked in early September 2013. The spike even led SGX to issue queries
regarding trading in the counters, for example: in relation to Asiasons on 18
September 2013, Blumont on 18 September 2013 and 1 October 2013, and LionGold
on 26 September 2013 and 4 October 2013. Copies of the query letters were
released via SGXNET. 150

##### Foot Note 150

×

2DBD Tabs 18, 19, 21, 23 and 24.

Indeed, under cross-examination, the Defendant agreed that he was aware of the
spike in the share prices and had consistently traded in these three counters
from September to 1 October 2013. 151

##### Foot Note 151

×

NE 14 July 2016 p 36 line 15 - p 38 line 11

He also agreed that he was aware of the queries raised by SGX on Asiasons,
LionGold and Blumont in September 2013.

129 The four disputed trades took place over two days in early October 2013,
and were as follows:

(a) The first disputed trade relates to 400,000 Blumont shares purchased on 2
October 2013 for $958.327.15.

(b) The second disputed trade relates to 250,000 Asiasons shares purchased on
2 October 2013 for $699,197.90.

(c) The third disputed trade relates to two million IHC shares purchased on 2
October 2013 for $801,947.40.

(d) The fourth and final disputed trade was for 200,000 Blumont shares on 3
October 2013 for $421,022.39.

130 On 4 October 2013, the prices of Blumont, Asiasons and LionGold
essentially collapsed. Trading in these three counters was suspended by the
SGX on the morning of 4 October 2013. The Defendant sold these counters
between 8 and 10 October 2013. The end result was that, as at 31 October 2013,
the net loss owing on the Defendant’s account stood at $1,865,074.96. 152

##### Foot Note 152

×

Plaintiff’s submissions at para 38

Further, as at 13 December 2013, interest of $23,879.64 was also due. In
total, a sum of $1,888,954.60 was due from the Defendant to the Plaintiff.

131 As mentioned, the Plaintiff’s case is that the four disputed trades were
placed by Lincoln with the knowledge and consent of the Defendant. 153

##### Foot Note 153

×

SOC(1) at para 16

The Plaintiff relies on the evidence of Heng together with the point that the
four trades were similar to and generally consistent with the pattern of
trading under the Defendant’s account since account opening. 154

##### Foot Note 154

×

Plaintiff’s submissions at para 37

From the perspective of the Plaintiff, there was nothing to indicate that the
four disputed trades were out of the ordinary. The consistency of the four
disputed trades with the Defendant’s general trading pattern was also the
observation of Tan on the stand. 155

##### Foot Note 155

×

NE 11 July 2016 p 58 lines 1-15

The only difference between the undisputed trades and the four disputed trades
of 2 and 3 October 2013 is that the latter resulted in substantial losses as a
result of the catastrophic collapse on 4 October 2013.

132 The Defendant, of course, emphatically denies any knowledge of the
placement of the orders for the four disputed trades and asserts that the
trades were unauthorised. He says that although he had personally instructed
Heng on the 96 undisputed trades, including the Blumont trade of 1 October
2013, just a day before the first disputed trade 2013 (see [44] above), he had
nothing to do at all with the placement of the four disputed orders that
resulted in the large loss. The Defendant’s evidence was that he left for an
overseas trip to Vietnam on 3 October 2013 and only returned on 5 October
2013. 156

##### Foot Note 156

×

Defendant’s AEIC at para 9

The Defendant asserts that he was out of touch with Singapore during this
overseas trip and was not even aware of the market turmoil on 4 October 2013
and the collapse in the three penny stock counters. According to the
Defendant, he only found out what happened when he returned to Singapore on 5
October 2013. 157

##### Foot Note 157

×

NE 14 July 2016 p 111 lines 24-25; p 113 lines 4-6

133 The Defendant accepts that he could have checked market movements in
Singapore if he wanted to but asserts that he did not do so and that he could
not be contacted by his father in Singapore. 158

##### Foot Note 158

×

NE 14 July 2016 p 117 lines 13-22

134 Upon returning home, the Defendant’s father told him that a contract
statement dated 2 October 2013 had been sent to the Defendant relating to the
three trades placed on that date. Apparently, this contract statement arrived
by post on 4 October 2013. The letter was opened by the Defendant’s father on
that day. 159

##### Foot Note 159

×

NE 14 July 2016 p 113 lines 11-14; p 115 lines 2-6

135 The Defendant states that he later received a contract statement for the
fourth trade that was made on 3 October 2013. The Defendant asserts that he
was upset and “horrified” when he was told of the unauthorised trades on his
return on 5 October 2013. The Defendant adds that the four trades were far in
excess of the amounts he normally traded under his account. 160

##### Foot Note 160

×

Defendant’s AEIC at para 10

However, the Defendant conceded under cross-examination, albeit with some
hesitation, that the four trades were in fact consistent with the pattern of
trades in his account. 161

##### Foot Note 161

×

NE 14 July 2016 p 40 line 20 -p 42 line 19.

136 The Defendant asserts that when his father opened the letter containing
the contract statement of 2 October 2013, he discussed the matter immediately
with the Defendant’s uncle, GYG. The Defendant’s case is that GYG essentially
took charge of the matter and contacted Heng to discover what happened. GYG,
in his AEIC, states that he called the Plaintiff on 4 October 2013 and was put
through to Heng. GYG asserted that Heng admitted that the Defendant did not
give him authorisation for the trades. Instead, according to GYG, Heng stated
that the orders were placed by and for Lincoln, a trading representative at
another company. 162

##### Foot Note 162

×

GYG’s AEIC at paras 4-5

137 There is no dispute that the first meeting on 7 or 9 October 2013 was the
first time the Defendant had any contact with Heng since his return from
Vietnam on 5 October 2013. It is also clear that the Defendant did not make
any attempt to call Heng himself and to challenge Heng directly on the four
trades. It will also be recalled that the Defendant’s evidence was that he was
so upset and angry on hearing the news on his return that he smashed his
mobile phone and discarded it as he did not want to have anything more to do
with Heng. 163

##### Foot Note 163

×

NE 14 July 2016 p 53 line 4-12

Instead, he appears to have been content to leave the matter largely in his
uncle, GYG’s hands to resolve. Indeed, even though it was the Defendant who
had suffered losses on his trade account, it does not appear the Defendant’s
own father played an active role in attempts to resolve the matter. Rather, it
was curiously GYG, Adrian’s father, who took a lead role in attempting to
resolve the dispute.

138 Looking at the evidence as a whole and the position taken by the Defendant
on his relationship and dealings with Heng, I find that the Defendant’s
conduct and response to the four disputed trades was very surprising indeed.
It must be recalled that according to the Defendant, he had placed some 96
orders directly with Heng over the preceding many months and had in fact
spoken to Heng on numerous occasions. The Defendant claims that he even handed
cash to Heng on several occasions to settle losses. Further, the last trade
which the Defendant asserts was authorised was in Blumont shares on 1 October
2013, a trade which resulted in a profit. Yet, despite the alleged history of
direct and very recent dealings with Heng, the Defendant did not try to
contact Heng immediately on his return.

139 If the Defendant’s evidence that the four disputed trades were completely
unauthorised is true, it would be only natural for him to have confronted Heng
directly and much more firmly on his return on 5 October 2013. Indeed, I note
that the Defendant did not even think of lodging a complaint with the relevant
authorities. Therefore, I am of the view that his failure to directly
challenge Heng and his willingness to allow GYG to take the lead is consistent
with the Plaintiff’s case that the Defendant opened the account as a “front”
for Adrian from day one.

140 I do not pretend for a moment that I have found the evidence in this case
easy to evaluate. However, given my assessment of Lincoln’s role in the
previous section, and after considering the evidence and the circumstances as
described above, I am satisfied that it was instead Lincoln who had placed the
orders for the four disputed trades of 2 and 3 October 2013 as well. The key
question that remains is whether the Defendant knew and consented to Lincoln’s
operation of his account.

141 Given my earlier findings, there are two main possible scenarios which
could apply in this case:

(a) First, the Defendant was indeed informed by Adrian of Lincoln’s
involvement and was aware that Lincoln was issuing instructions on his account
at the latest from early August 2013 if not much earlier.

(b) Second, the Defendant only consented to Adrian operating his account at
the Plaintiff and did not know that the transactions under his account, as
from around early August 2013, were in fact being placed by Lincoln. Under
this second scenario, the Defendant must have assumed that Adrian was still in
control and operating the account all the way until 1 October 2013. On this
basis, Heng either went on a frolic of his own on 2 and 3 October 2013 or was
trading for Lincoln. Either way, this was not done with the Defendant’s
knowledge or consent.

142 There are, of course, a number of other possible scenarios. These include
the Defendant’s position that he directly placed all the orders from the date
the account was opened all the way to 1 October 2013. Thereafter, when the
Defendant was away in Vietnam, Heng embarked on a frolic of his own with
Lincoln in placing the four disputed trades on the Defendant’s account.
However, I have already rejected this possibility (see [126] above), because,
in my assessment, the balance of the evidence supports the assertion that the
undisputed trades were not made pursuant to direct instructions from the
Defendant.

143 In my view, the first scenario is more likely. As I explained above, the
evidence shows that the Defendant must have known of and approved the
undisputed trades, including in August and September 2013, all the way up to 1
October 2013. In addition, the Defendant would be aware that Adrian must have
already been in serious trouble with the authorities in respect of drugs by
September 2013 at the very latest, 164

##### Foot Note 164

×

NE 12 July 2016 p 11 lines 6-8

and was incarcerated from 2 October 2013 (the day of the first three disputed
trades). Yet, the Defendant had not raised any objections to the undisputed
trades immediately prior to the penny stock crash (but after Adrian has been
incarcerated). This is coupled with his inexplicable contentment with leaving
matters in GYG’s hands in the aftermath of the penny stock crash, when a
reasonable person would have taken a more active role. In the circumstances, I
am satisfied, on a balance of probabilities, that Lincoln very likely took
over placement of orders in the Defendant’s account much earlier than 2 and 3
October 2013 and that the Defendant must have known and consented (expressly
or at least impliedly), at the latest around early August 2013, to Lincoln’s
operation of his trading account, by means of instructions to Heng. This
arrangement continued up until and including the time of the four disputed
trades.

Overall Assessment of the Witnesses and Evidence

144 Given the nature of the claim, the range of issues and the state of the
documentary evidence it is not surprising that cross-examination of the key
witnesses was lengthy. Whilst I have already set out my main findings and
conclusion on the placement of the orders and transactions, it may be helpful
if I set out some general observations on the witnesses and legal principles
governing assessment of evidence and credibility.

Heng

145 The key witness for the Plaintiff was, of course, Heng. The change in
Heng’s position in respect of whether the Defendant had given direct
instructions on the trades has been referred to above at some length. It will
be recalled that Heng accepts that his statements in the statutory declaration
and the affidavits filed for the O 14 application to the effect that the
Defendant had directly instructed him on the trades were false. The true
position which he now asserts and which the Plaintiff relies on is that whilst
the Defendant did not place the orders himself, the trades were still
authorised because they were placed by Adrian and/or Lincoln with the
Defendant’s consent and knowledge. On this basis, Heng clearly lied or at the
very least he was being rather economical with the truth in his statutory
declaration and previous affidavits. What was important in the trial before me
is whether Heng’s evidence at trial is to be believed even though it means
that he had previously lied. If his evidence is believed, it follows that
Adrian, Lincoln and the Defendant are not telling the truth about the trades
made under the Defendant’s account.

146 The Plaintiff submits that whilst the telling of lies in the statutory
declaration and previous AEICs is inexcusable, Heng’s evidence at trial, is
credible and to be preferred for a number of reasons, all of which I have
dealt with earlier. These include:

(a) the evidence of Heng’s call logs and the Matching Table setting out the
date and timing of the placement of orders which were consistent with Adrian
and Lincoln placing the orders in question;

(b) the absence of any independent evidence, such as call logs, to support the
Defendant’s assertion that he had personally placed the 96 undisputed orders
by phone call;

(c) the consistency or similarity between the undisputed trades and the four
disputed trades;

(d) the fact that Adrian provided Heng with an Excel spreadsheet template for
calculating brokerage commission in respect of the Defendant’s account;

(e) the fact that Adrian and Lincoln clearly knew each other and socialised on
a regular basis;

(f) the fact that Lincoln clearly knew Heng;

(g) the fact that Lincoln was involved in at least two other accounts under
Heng at the Plaintiff, namely those of Ang and Ms Lee; and

(h) the fact that these two accounts were also exposed to losses in the same
counters.

147 Paradoxically, it is the Defendant who asserts that Heng’s previous
statements that the Defendant did place the orders directly with Heng were
correct at least insofar as the 96 undisputed trades were concerned. The
Defendant’s position must be that Heng only lied in his previous statements to
the extent that he asserted that the Defendant had also directly instructed
Heng on the four disputed trades.

148 The Defendant submits that Heng’s evidence lacks any credibility for a
broad range of reasons. These include:

(a) Heng’s reliance on his own claim or admission that he lied in his previous
statements;

(b) the vague or confusing manner in which Heng attempted to explain why he
initially tried to conceal the asserted fact that all the orders were placed
by Adrian and Lincoln; 165

##### Foot Note 165

×

Defendant’s submissions at paras 19-27

(c) Adrian and Lincoln’s evidence which are consistent which each other,
namely that they had nothing to do with the Defendant’s account;

(d) the various statements which the Defendant claims were made by Heng at the
first and second meetings;

(e) the “unexplained” fact that even though no trades were made under the
Defendant’s account in June 2013, Heng’s call logs appear to show numerous
calls from numbers said to belong to Adrian and Lincoln that month; 166

##### Foot Note 166

×

Defendant submissions at para 81

(f) various inconsistencies in Heng’s evidence such as whether Adrian placed
all the orders with Heng by phone call, whether he called Adrian or whether
Adrian called him on the individual transactions; 167

##### Foot Note 167

×

Defendant submissions at para 83

and

(g) the unsatisfactory nature of Heng’s evidence on the Excel spreadsheet
which Adrian had provided to him. 168

##### Foot Note 168

×

Defendant submissions at paras 87 and 88

149 I have touched on many of these points in the course of my earlier
analysis. For completeness, I will add a few remarks on three of these points.

150 In relation to point (b), it will be recalled that Heng proffered various
reasons as to why he had lied in the earlier AEICs (see [49] above). Looking
at Heng’s evidence as a whole, it appears that his basic position is that his
own breaches and wrongdoings were at the very least part of the reason why he
tried at first to hide the fact that it was Adrian and Lincoln who were
operating the Defendant’s account (with the Defendant’s knowledge and
consent). In short, it was only when it became apparent that the Defendant
(whether on his own or with his family’s support) would not stand good for the
trading losses from the four disputed trades (thereby exposing or underscoring
Heng’s own position and liability to the Plaintiff) that the truth began to
come out. Although I am in no way condoning his behaviour, this underlying
reason for suppressing the truth initially is, at least, understandable and
does not affect my assessment of his subsequent evidence at trial.

151 Point (e) arises out of Adrian’s evidence that no trades were recorded
against the Defendant’s account in June 2013. The Defendant proffered the
explanation that the lack of trading activity was because of the stock market
adage “sell in May and go away”, which apparently refers to a phenomenon where
many traders sell their stocks in the month of May. This affects the sentiment
of the market and results in a decrease in the volume of share transactions in
later months, such as in June. 169

##### Foot Note 169

×

NE 14 July 2016 p 17 lines 10-15; p 22 lines 16-20

152 The Defendant asserts that any calls between Heng, Adrian and Lincoln in
the month of June 2013 could only be for the innocuous purpose of discussing
market conditions. This would in turn support Adrian’s evidence that traders
would often call and discuss market intelligence as part of general market
research. This is why, according to Adrian, there is evidence of many calls
between Heng and Adrian by reference to the mobile number that Adrian admitted
belonged to him.

153 I do not doubt that market traders do consult, discuss and share “market
intelligence” on counters and trends. It may well be that some calls were
indeed made for this purpose, for example in June 2013 (where no trades were
made on the Defendant’s account). Nevertheless, it is hard to accept that all
the calls between Adrian and Heng and indeed Lincoln and Heng were solely for
this purpose. The sheer number of calls and the brevity of many of the calls
do not sit comfortably with that assertion. Neither could it be pure
coincidence that a significant proportion of these numerous calls were
proximate in time to trades in the Defendant’s account in the other months.

154 Point (g) relates to the Excel spreadsheet which I have earlier discussed
(see [78]–[82] above). I have stated that I accept that the Excel spreadsheet
supports the Plaintiff’s position that Adrian was very much interested in the
trading activity under the Defendant’s account.

155 The Defendant, in his submissions, points to the fact that the only Excel
spreadsheet that was filled out and produced in evidence related to trades
conducted in March 2013. Heng did not produce nor did he explain why he did
not produce completed Excel spreadsheets for any other month. There is also no
evidence that Heng sent any completed Excel spreadsheets to Lincoln. The
Defendant submits that this is consistent with Adrian’s explanation that the
Excel template he provided to Heng was simply to help Heng in his work at the
Plaintiff and for no other purpose.

156 Looking at the evidence as a whole (including the sheer number of calls
between Heng and Adrian), I am unable to draw such a conclusion. Instead, I am
of the view that Excel spreadsheet, whilst not determinative on its own, is
more consistent with the Plaintiff’s position. Heng was a relatively
experienced remisier. He had about nine years of experience at the Plaintiff
and with other firms such as Phillips Securities and DBS Vickers Securities
(Singapore) Pte Ltd. 170

##### Foot Note 170

×

NE 7 July 2016 p 14 lines 1 – 10

It does not make any sense that Heng would need Adrian’s assistance to work
out his brokerage commission for trades at the Plaintiff.

157 In sum, although I am acutely aware that Heng’s evidence at trial was an
about-turn from his earlier affidavits and statutory declaration, I am guided
by the statement of Yong Pung How CJ in Public Prosecutor v Singh Kalpanath
[1995] 3 SLR(R) 158 (“Singh Kalpanath”) at [55], where he stated that “it is
trite law that if a witness had lied on one or two points, it does not
necessarily follow that his whole evidence should be rejected.” The court’s
duty is to “sieve the evidence and to ascertain what are the parts of the
evidence … which could be accepted.” As a whole, I am satisfied that Heng’s
evidence for the trial is more consistent with logic and common sense, and
also with documentary evidence such as the call logs. There is at least some
plausible reason as to why he took the different position that he initially
did. Indeed, it appears that he has come clean with the truth at trial, given
that he has no further “incentive” to keep up the lie. Accordingly, I am of
the view that, on balance, Heng’s evidence at trial is reliable and buttresses
the Plaintiff’s case.

The failure to call Lee

158 The Defendant also submits that an adverse inference should be drawn
against the Plaintiff as the result of the failure of Lee to testify, in
accordance with section 116 of the Evidence Act. 171

##### Foot Note 171

×

Defendant’s submissions at paras 150-156

However, it is unclear what the adverse inference would comprise or relate to.

159 In any case, I stress that 1 have noted that Lee was originally scheduled
to testify and that he had affirmed an AEIC. I have no reason to doubt that if
the trial had taken place in accordance with the original dates in 2015, Lee
would indeed have testified. The original trial dates were vacated only
because of the decision by the Plaintiff to subpoena Adrian and Lincoln, after
I had indicated that they would be relevant witnesses. There does not appear
to be any reason to doubt the Plaintiff’s assertion that Lee had moved to
Kuala Lumpur and had started work with new employers by the time this trial
finally came on in 2016.

160 Lee’s evidence (as evidenced from his AEIC) was primarily on what
transpired at the second meeting held at the Plaintiff’s offices on 10 October
2013, and his discussions with Heng before and after the meeting. In this
regard, evidence as to what occurred at the second meeting was adequately
provided by Chen, who was also personally present at that meeting. Evidence of
the general nature of the Plaintiff’s business and procedures was also
provided by Tan. It is true, as the Defendant argues, that Lee’s testimony
might have shed some light on the Plaintiff’s investigations into the four
disputed trades. 172

##### Foot Note 172

×

Defendant’s submissions at para 151

However, ultimately the only people who can shed light onto the real question
of whether the four disputed trades were in fact authorised were Heng, the
Defendant, Adrian and Lincoln, all of whom have testified. In the
circumstances, I am of the view that Lee’s absence did not greatly impact the
Plaintiff’s case.

The Defendant

161 As for the Defendant, I agree with the Plaintiff’s submission that the
Defendant’s evidence on how and why the account was opened at the Plaintiff
was wholly unsatisfactory. The Defendant was clearly distancing himself as far
as possible from Adrian. Indeed, I am satisfied that the introduction of Heng
to the Defendant was arranged by Adrian and not by some unnamed friend of the
Defendant. Thus, it is clear that, contrary to the Defendant’s assertions,
Adrian had been involved with the Defendant’s account from the very beginning.
I am also of the view that it is more likely than not that Adrian and Lincoln
were involved in instructing Heng on the trades executed on the Defendant’s
account. This is reinforced by the relatively muted reaction of the Defendant
upon his return from Vietnam on 5 October 2013 (see [137] – [139] above).

Adrian

162 Adrian’s evidence is that since his admission for drug rehabilitation, he
has been trying hard to get his life back on track. Since leaving CIMB and
entering rehabilitation on 2 October 2013, he had no further contact or
dealings in respect of the accounts under him at CIMB. He asserts that he does
not even know if his former clients (including his own family members)
suffered losses as a result of the crash on 4 October 2013. 173

##### Foot Note 173

×

NE 12 July 2016 p 20 line 7 - p 21 line 24

163 However, Adrian’s evidence as to his knowledge of the Defendant’s account
at the Plaintiff as well as the Defendant’s accounts at CIMB, UOB Kay Hian and
DMG – all of which were opened before his incarceration – was decidedly vague
and guarded. 174

##### Foot Note 174

×

NE 12 July 2016 p 22 line 3 – p 23 line 13

Whilst Adrian may not have known of the details of the Defendant’s accounts at
UOB Kay Hian and DMG, Adrian must have had clear knowledge of the Defendant’s
account at CIMB, which was opened at his request and where he was the
remisier-in-charge. 175

##### Foot Note 175

×

NE 13 July 2016 p 100 lines 21-24

164 Overall, my assessment is that Adrian was keen to give the impression that
aside from executing the orders at CIMB, he had little to do with any trading
decisions made in respect of any of the Defendant’s accounts. This seems
rather improbable.

Lincoln

165 The Defendant asserts that Lincoln had come forward as a witness to assist
the court and that this was also an important factor to be taken into account
when evaluating the credibility of his evidence against that of Heng. 176

##### Foot Note 176

×

Defendant’s submissions at para 57

166 However, Lincoln was called as a witness by means of a subpoena by the
Plaintiff. Lincoln was not prepared to swear or affirm an AEIC. Indeed, given
the Plaintiff’s and Defendant’s cases, it was clear to me that the evidence of
Lincoln (and indeed Adrian) was relevant, especially to the Defendant’s case.
It is therefore surprising that the Defendant was not the one who called
Lincoln as a witness. By this, I am not referring to burden of proof. The
point is, given Adrian and Lincoln’s positions, it is surprising that they
were not called by the Defendant.

167 Further, the Defendant stresses that the Plaintiff did not apply to cross-
examine Lincoln under section 156 of the Evidence Act, something which was
done in the case of Adrian. 177

##### Foot Note 177

×

Defendant’s submissions at para 65(a)

The Defendant submits that, as a matter of law, the Plaintiff cannot now turn
around and argue that Lincoln’s evidence is not to be believed as against the
evidence of Heng. 178

##### Foot Note 178

×

Defendant’s submissions at para 70

To this end, the Defendant cites the following passage from Jeffrey Pinsler
SC, Evidence and the Litigation Process (LexisNexis, 5th Ed, 2015) at para
19.072 that:

… It is important that a party who intends to submit in his closing address to
the court that the whole or part of the testimony of a witness whom he has
called should not be believed obtains leave to cross-examine and impeach him.

168 The case authority cited by the learned author is the decision of the High
Court (on appeal) in Singh Kalpanath, which concerned charges of cheating
against a lawyer. A Prosecution witness gave evidence at trial (that the
complaint concerned negligent conduct) which was inconsistent with his earlier
testimony (that there was cheating) before the Disciplinary Committee. It was
clear that the witness was trying to qualify his evidence. The Prosecution did
not, however, apply to cross-examine the witness or to impeach his credit
under sections 156 and 157 of the Evidence Act.

169 In these circumstances, Yong CJ observed at [88] that “[i]t was evidently
a mistake on the part of the Prosecution who sought only to rely on their
submissions to repair the prosecution case.” I note however that Yong CJ went
on to state that, notwithstanding this observation, “it remained the duty of
the trial judge to evaluate with care the evidence” of the witness. The trial
judge had to consider the circumstances of the case as a whole (including the
testimony before the Disciplinary Committee). It was open to the trial judge
to believe the evidence of a witness so far as the essentials are concerned
without having to accept as true everything which the witness says.

170 On a review of the Prosecution witness’ evidence, Yong CJ held (at [89])
that there was “a deliberate and subtle” change in the evidence of the
witness, “for reasons best known only to him”, before the Disciplinary
Committee and at trial. For this reason, Yong CJ held that the evidence of the
witness at trial had to be approached with “great caution.” Nevertheless, Yong
CJ held that the qualified evidence should not adversely affect the
credibility of the client/complainant or the weight to be given to the
client/complainant’s evidence.

171 It is clear that Singh Kalpanath does not stand for the proposition that
the trial judge must accept the testimony of a witness on all points in
respect of which the witness was not cross-examined or impeached by the party
calling the witness. The court must review all the evidence and reach a
determination as to which parts of the evidence are to be preferred on the
issues in question. Further, where a party calls several witnesses, it does
not follow that if witness X gives evidence that is inconsistent with the
evidence of witness Y, the court must prefer the evidence of witness X simply
because the party calling him did not apply to cross-examine or impeach the
credibility of that witness. This is the approach that I have taken in
assessing the evidence of Heng and Lincoln. In my assessment, Heng’s evidence
is to be preferred over that of Lincoln.

172 Finally, I make clear that the demeanour of the witnesses did not play any
significant part in my assessment of the evidence. In this respect, I note the
observations of the Court of Appeal in Sandz Solutions (Singapore) Pte Ltd and
others v Strategic Worldwide Assets Ltd and others [2014] 3 SLR 562 on the
danger of over-emphasis on the demeanour of witnesses. VK Rajah JA stated at
[43]:

Findings on demeanour often relate to the fluency (or hesitation) of a
witness, his steady or shifting gaze, his body language and the like. A great
deal of caution should be exercised by the trial judge when placing reliance
on these factors alone to find a witness untruthful. In this regard, it is
important to remember the context in which evidence is given in court – the
witness is under intense scrutiny of the judge and is also under pressure to
answer counsel’s questions; even truthful witnesses may wilt and display
discomfort in such circumstances.

[emphasis in original]

173 What were by far more important to my assessment of the facts were the
witnesses’ answers to questions on the key areas of dispute, as tested against
the totality of the evidence before the Court.

The Relevant Legal Principles and Decision

174 I turn now to the applicable legal principles and my substantive decision
in this Suit.

The Defendant’s liability for the disputed trades

Liability under Clause 23.1 of the OSTA 2012

175 To recapitulate, the main claim by the Plaintiff is for the sum of
$1,888,954.60, being the outstanding amounts owed by the Defendant under his
trading account.

176 The Defendant’s trading account was governed by the OSTA 2012. The
relevant terms of the OSTA 2012 have been briefly referred to earlier: see
[27]–[34] above.

177 For convenience, I set out Clause 3.1 of the OSTA 2012 in full: 179

##### Foot Note 179

×

1 AB 53

The Client or any of its Authorised Persons may request [the Plaintiff] orally
or in writing to buy or sell or otherwise deal with Securities or deal with
monies in the Account(s) or perform any other Transactions relating to the
Account(s).

178 It would be recalled that an “authorised person” is defined in Clause 1 of
the OSTA 2012 as any person authorised in writing by the client to perform any
transaction in the account. There is no dispute that the Defendant did not
sign any authorisation in writing to any individual to operate his account. It
follows that the Plaintiff’s case that the four disputed transactions were
authorised cannot, and indeed does not, rest on any claim that Adrian and
Lincoln are “authorised persons” within the meaning of the OSTA 2012. 180

##### Foot Note 180

×

Plaintiff submissions at paras 191 – 193

179 It does not, however, necessarily follow that just because Adrian and
Lincoln are not “authorised persons” under Clause 1 of the OSTA 2012, any
transactions which they placed with Heng are unauthorised and not binding in
law and fact on the Defendant. In this regard, Clause 23.1 of the OSTA 2012
states: 181

##### Foot Note 181

×

1 AB 60

The Client confirms that in the purchase and/or sale of any Securities under
the Account(s) by any representative on the Client’s and/or the Authorised
Person’s instructions or though without their instructions but with their
consent and/or authority (express, implied or otherwise) and/or knowledge,
such representative shall be deemed to be the Client’s agent whether or not
such representative is deemed to be engaged or employed by the Client in law.
The Client will, as between [the Plaintiff] and the Client be liable for all
purchases and sales of Securities executed by the representative for the
Account regardless of whether the representative would also be liable to [the
Plaintiff] for the same and the Client shall be liable to [the Plaintiff] for
all costs, expenses, damages, losses, fees, charges, rates or duties which may
be incurred by [the Plaintiff] in respect of all such Securities transacted.
In addition, the Client confirms that in the purchase and/or sale of any
Securities under the Account(s) by any representative, such representative
shall be deemed to be the Client’s agent and [the Plaintiff] is entitled to
assume that as between [the Plaintiff] and the Client (i) any order said by
the representative to be intended to be executed for the Client is so
intended, and (ii) every order executed by the representative for the Client
is the order intended to be executed by the Client.

[emphasis added in bold italics]

180 The Defendant submits that the contra proferentem rule applies to the
interpretation of the clauses in the OSTA 2012, such that any doubt should be
construed against the Plaintiff. According to the Defendant, this is because
the Plaintiff is relying on the OSTA 2012 to exclude its basic obligation to
the Defendant to safeguard and monitor the Defendant’s trading account. 182

##### Foot Note 182

×

Defendant’s submissions at paras 130 and 131

181 There are two difficulties with this submission. First, it assumes that
the basic contractual obligation of the broad nature contended for in fact
exists, and second, it assumes that Clause 23.1 is to be regarded as a clause
which operates to exclude liability.

182 With regard to the first issue, the Defendant has not provided any
authority to show that the Plaintiff is in fact under a duty to the Defendant
to safeguard and monitor the latter’s account. I fail to see why this onerous
and open-ended obligation should be imposed on the Plaintiff. It would not be
in the Plaintiff’s commercial interest to undertake such an obligation, and
indeed it would be practically difficult for it to fulfil such a duty. This is
especially because much of the trading on the clients’ accounts, such as the
Defendant’s, takes place through remisiers, who are not even employees of the
Plaintiff, and over whom the Plaintiff has a low degree of control.

183 With respect to the second issue, I note that there is a fundamental
distinction between terms which seek to exclude or limit liability that would
otherwise arise, and terms which seek to define the scope of the parties’
contractual bargain: see Andrew Phang Boon Leong (gen ed), The Law of Contract
in Singapore (Academy Publishing, 2012) (“The Law of Contract in Singapore”)
at para 07.004. In this case, Clause 23.1 is not an exclusion clause because
there is no initial duty on the Plaintiff that it is trying to exempt itself
from in the first place.

184 In addition, the Defendant asserts that the contra proferentem rule
applies because the OSTA 2012 comprises detailed terms drafted by the
Plaintiff which the “consumer has no choice but to accept.” The authority
relied on is Tay Eng Chuan v Ace Insurance Ltd [2008] 4 SLR(R) 95 (“Ace
Insurance”). In that case, the Court of Appeal (at [34]) adopted the following
passage from Lord Mustill’s judgment in Tam Wing Chuen v Bank of Credit and
Commerce Hong Kong Ltd [1996] 2 BCLC 69 (at 77), explaining the basis of the
contra proferentem principle:

[A] person who puts forward the wording of a proposed agreement may be assumed
to have looked after his own interests, so that if the words leave room for
doubt about whether he is intended to have a particular benefit there is a
reason to suppose that he is not.

[emphasis added]

185 As the Court of Appeal in Ace Insurance explained at [35] (in the context
of insurance policies), the contra proferentem rule is particularly pertinent
where the terms of the contract are “invariably drafted and/or vetted by
experts for the benefit [of that person] so as to protect [that person’s]
interest.”

186 However, as I have earlier highlighted, the Defendant held multiple
accounts with various broking houses, and had many options when it came to
trading in securities. It is not the case that he had “no choice but to accept
whatever terms and conditions…are imposed” by the Plaintiff (see Ace Insurance
at [35]).

187 In any event, a bare statement that the contra proferentem rule applies to
the OSTA 2012 generally is unhelpful. The specific clause(s) in respect of
which the rule is said to apply must be identified, and more importantly, an
ambiguity must be shown in those clause(s) for the contra proferentem rule to
apply.

188 Ace Insurance provides a good example of this. The case concerned the
interpretation of a particular clause in an insurance policy. The appellant,
an insurance policyholder, suffered a number of eye injuries in a domestic
accident, resulting in, inter alia, a loss of sight. The respondent insurer,
made some payments but refused a payout for the loss of sight. The insurance
policy contained an “Arbitration Clause”, which stated that any dispute was to
be referred to arbitration within three months. Another clause stated that if
the policyholder did not fulfil the conditions in the policy, the insurer
would not be liable to pay the policyholder. The policyholder did not refer
the matter to arbitration within three months, but commenced a legal action
instead. The High Court judge agreed with the insurer that the latter was
therefore not liable to make payments because the policyholder breached the
Arbitration Clause. The action was thus struck out. The policyholder appealed,
arguing that he could still pursue the matter in court through a “Legal Action
Clause.” The Legal Action Clause allowed an action to be brought 60 days after
submitting written proof of his claim to the insurer. The Legal Action Clause
was, however, expressly stated to be “subject to” the Arbitration Clause.

189 The Court of Appeal found that the meaning of the qualifying words
“subject to”, and their effect on the Legal Action Clause, was unclear. The
first meaning favoured the insurer (the right of action was lost altogether if
there was a breach of the Arbitration Clause) whilst the second meaning
favoured the policyholder (a breach of the Arbitration Clause only results in
loss of the right to arbitrate without affecting the right of legal action).
In these circumstances, given the ambiguity, the Court of Appeal held that the
contra proferentem rule applied, and concluded in favour on the insured.

190 However, in the present case, the words used in Clause 23.1 are abundantly
clear that a sale or purchase of any securities under a client’s account may
be placed by a representative (i) on the client’s instructions; (ii) on the
authorised person’s instructions; or (iii) though without the instructions of
the client or authorised person, by other persons who have the client’s or
authorised person’s consent, authority (express, implied or otherwise) and/or
knowledge. In such cases, the representative is deemed, by virtue of the
contract (ie, the OSTA 2012) to be the client’s agent.

191 Further, the natural meaning of Clause 23.1 is not affected by Clause 3.1.
Clause 3.1, which is headed “Transactions”, provides that the client and its
authorised person “may request [the Plaintiff]” orally or in writing to buy
and sell securities, ie, to carry out transactions on the client’s account.
Clause 3.1 does not deal with the issue of the client’s liability when
transactions take place on the instructions of “representatives” of the
client, especially where these “representatives” are not the client’s
“authorised person". In such cases, Clause 23.1 is clear that the key question
is whether the instructions for the sale or purchase were made with the
consent, authority (express, implied or otherwise) or knowledge of the client.
183

##### Foot Note 183

×

Plaintiff’s submissions at para 197

If so, the client is nonetheless liable as against the Plaintiff for the
transactions and the losses arising thereof. In my judgment, there is no
ambiguity in this clause, upon which the contra proferentem rule can apply.

192 My conclusion on the interpretation of Clause 23.1 is bolstered by the
case of Fraser Securities Pte Ltd v Seet Ai Kiang and others [2004] SGHC 9
(“Seet Ai Kiang”), on which the Plaintiff relies. In that case, the court
dealt with a case of alleged unauthorised trading, in which there was a clause
(Clause 21.1) which is in pari materia to Clause 23.1 of the OSTA 2012. Clause
21.1 in that case stated:

The Client confirms that in the purchase and/or sale of any securities under
the Account(s) by any dealer’s representative on the Client’s and/or the
Authorised Person’s instructions or though without their instructions but with
their consent and/or authority (expressed, implied or otherwise) and/or
knowledge, such dealer’s representative shall be deemed to be the Client’s
agent whether or not such dealer’s representative is deemed to be engaged or
employed by the Client in law. The Client will, as between Fraser and the
Client, be liable for all purchases and sales of securities executed by the
dealer’s representative for the Account regardless of whether the dealer’s
representative would also be liable to Fraser for the same and the Client
shall be liable to Fraser for all costs, expenses, damages, losses, fees,
charges, rates or duties which may be incurred by Fraser in respect of all
such securities transacted. In addition, the Client confirms that in the
purchase and/or sale of any securities under the Account(s) by any dealer’s
representative who is a remisier, such dealer’s representative shall be deemed
to be the Client’s agent and Fraser is entitled to assume that as between
Fraser and the Client (i) any order said by the remisier to be intended to be
executed for the Client is so intended; and (ii) every order executed by the
remisier for the Client is the order intended to be executed by the Client.

[emphasis added in bold italics]

193 On an application for summary judgment, the High Court held at [33] that:

It was further contemplated by the terms of cl 21.1 that trading instructions
might be given in relation to the defendant's account by parties other than
the defendant. In such a case, then, as long as the purchases and sales were
effected with the consent and/or authority, express, implied or otherwise, of
the defendant, the remisier would be deemed to be the defendant's agent in
effecting such purchases and sales even though the defendant herself had not
given specific instructions for the same.

[emphasis added]

194 The High Court found that on the defendant's own version of the events,
she was aware that trading activities in the accounts would be carried out by
the remisier on the instructions of the third parties and she was well content
that it should be so. According to the defendant’s evidence, when she visited
the plaintiff’s office, the remisier was informed that she was merely a
nominee and that all transactions would be carried out by certain named
individuals.

195 I am, of course aware that the facts of Seet Ai Kiang are different in
that the defendant’s own case in Seet Ai Kiang was that she was present when
the remisier was informed that certain named individuals would be providing
the instructions. In the present case, the Defendant has denied that he was a
mere nominee or that Heng was informed, in the Defendant’s presence, that
Adrian and/or Lincoln would be operating his trading account.

196 On my assessment of the evidence, however, I have preferred Heng’s
evidence on this issue to the Defendant’s (see [24] above), and found that
Heng was told at the time of account opening that Adrian would be providing
instructions on trades in the Defendant’s account. In my view, it is clear
that the Defendant knew his account was essentially a front and that he was in
substance a nominee, as in Seet Ai Kiang. I reiterate my findings that there
is no doubt that numerous trades were placed between February and early August
2013 in respect of similar counters. The Defendant was well aware of these
trades, but never queried Heng or the Plaintiff on any of these trades or
transactions.

197 In the case of the transactions initiated by Lincoln, I note that there is
no suggestion that the Defendant was present when Adrian informed Heng
sometime in April or May 2013 that Lincoln could also provide instructions. I
accept that Heng did not verify directly with the Defendant that Lincoln was
permitted to place orders. That said, I also found that the Defendant was
aware of the trades in August, September and up to 1 October 2013. I am of the
view that the Defendant must be taken to have known or consented to Lincoln’s
authority to provide instructions to Heng. Therefore, pursuant to Clause 23.1
of the OSTA 2012, the Defendant is bound by the trades executed by Heng on the
instructions of Lincoln. He is liable in contract to the Plaintiff in respect
of the four disputed trades, and the losses arising therefrom.

Liability under common law

198 Even in the absence of Clause 23.1 of the OSTA 2012, the Defendant would
still be liable to the Plaintiff under the common law, because Heng can be
said to have had the actual or apparent authority of the Defendant to execute
the four disputed trades on the basis of instructions from Lincoln.

199 In Banque Nationale de Paris v Tan Nancy and another [2001] 3 SLR(R) 726
(“BNP”), which the Plaintiff relies on, two trading customers denied liability
for trading losses on the grounds that they were not aware of the trades which
had been conducted under their accounts by their trading representative, and
the trades were therefore unauthorised. What is especially important about
this decision is that the Court of Appeal found that even if the customers
were not aware of the specific trades in question, they must have been aware
that the representative had been conducting trades in their accounts over a
two-year period. This was not the least because of the large number of
contemporaneous documents detailing the transactions entered into by the
trading representative in their accounts and which were received by them
without query, objection or protest. Since the customers knowingly allowed,
condoned and approved the transaction entered into by their trading
representative, they had in fact given actual authority to their trading
representative. While the authority was not express, it could be implied from
the conduct and actions of the parties and the circumstances of the case (at
[63]).

200 Regard must also be had to DBS Vickers Securities (Singapore) Pte Ltd v
Chin Pang Joo and another [2009] SGHC 248 (“DBS Vickers”), another case the
Plaintiff relies on. In DBS Vickers, there was clear evidence (tape
recordings) of instructions given by a third party to the remisier to operate
the customer’s trading account over a one-month period between 8 May 2008 and
10 June 2008. Contract notes and statements were also sent to the customer’s
residential address, and received without any dispute by the customer. The
first time the customer raised an objection was only on 16 June 2008, after a
letter of demand was received from the plaintiff’s solicitors. Under cross-
examination, the customer confirmed that he had given the third party
authority to trade on his account. In deciding for the plaintiff, the High
Court held (at [27]) that there was implied authority arising from a prior
arrangement whereby the third party was allowed to trade on the customer’s
behalf.

201 Unlike the DBS Vickers case, this court does not have the benefit of tape
recordings establishing the identity of the individual who actually placed the
orders. Instead, aside from the oral evidence of the witnesses, there is only
the evidence of Heng’s call logs and the Matching Table comparing the dates
and times of phone calls and the trades and transactions. The Defendant also
did not concede, at any point under cross-examination, that he had authorised
Adrian or Lincoln to trade on his account. That said, I have found, for the
reasons discussed earlier, that the orders were in all likelihood placed by
Adrian and/or Lincoln and not by the Defendant. I am also satisfied that there
was a prior arrangement to the effect that Adrian could operate the
Defendant’s account and that this arrangement was extended to include Lincoln
with the knowledge and consent of the Defendant. For these reasons, I am of
the view that there was implied actual authority given to Adrian and Lincoln
to trade on the Defendant’s account through Heng, and this included actual
authority for Lincoln to place the four disputed trades through Heng.

202 Even if actual authority was not made out, the Court of Appeal in BNP held
(at [67]) that the customers had by their conduct and actions held out the
trading representative as having the necessary authority, which was sufficient
to raise a case of apparent authority. The Court of Appeal held that there
were two requirements which had to be satisfied for apparent authority to be
made out, namely (a) there was a representation made by the customers that the
trading representative had authority to enter into the transactions on their
behalf; and (b) BNP must have relied on this representation. The two
requirements were held to be met in that case.

203 Likewise, in the present case, even if Adrian and/or Lincoln did not have
implied actual authority to act on behalf of the Defendant, I find that in the
alternative, they at the very least had the apparent authority to do so. Like
the customers in BNP, the Defendant was obviously aware of the trades on his
account and never protested to the Plaintiff or even queried Heng, despite the
numerous statements received over the months. The Defendant was instead
content to leave his account essentially in the hands of Adrian and later,
Lincoln. Even though Heng did not subsequently verify with the Defendant the
authority of Lincoln to issue instructions, I am satisfied that the Defendant
must have been aware of what was happening and did not object to the trades
between August and October 2013 either (except the four disputed trades). By
his conduct, the Defendant had represented that Lincoln had the authority to
provide instructions to Heng for transactions on his behalf, and continued to
allow him to do so for further transactions, including the four disputed
trades. It is also clear that the Plaintiff had relied on the representation,
as indeed there was no reason for it to suspect that anything was out of the
ordinary in relation to the Defendant’s account.

204 It follows that, subject to certain defences which have been raised, the
Plaintiff succeeds in its claim against the Defendant. I shall now examine the
Defendant’s defences and counterclaim.

The defence and counterclaims

205 At paragraph 3 of the Defence and Counterclaim (Amendment No 1), the
Defendant pleads that there were three terms to be implied into the
contractual relationship between the Plaintiff as a broking house and the
Defendant as a customer, which are, in brief:

(a) the Plaintiff will not deal with securities under the Defendant’s account
unless with the Defendant’s express authorisation, instruction and/or consent;

(b) the Plaintiff will comply with rules, directives, guidelines and
regulations issued by SGX;

(c) the Plaintiff will not seek to rely on an unconscionable bargain.

206 In the counterclaim, the Defendant submits that the Plaintiff owes and has
breached a number of duties in contract and tort. In particular, he submits
that the Plaintiff has breached (a) the implied terms set out in the preceding
paragraph, including an additional implied term that it will not increase the
Defendant’s trading account limit without his authorisation, instruction or
knowledge, and (b) a common law duty of care.

207 The Defendant avers that he has suffered losses as a result of the
breaches committed by the Plaintiff. He claims for a declaration that he is
not liable to the Plaintiff for the sum of $1,888,954.60, an order that the
Plaintiff indemnifies him for that loss, and further or alternatively, damages
arising from the Plaintiff’s breaches of its contractual and tortious duties.

Implied terms in contract

208 Based on the Defence and Counterclaim (Amendment No 1), the Defendant
asserts that there are four terms or duties which should be implied into the
contract between the Plaintiff and the Defendant, which I shall now go through
in turn.

209 It will be convenient to dispose of one of the terms immediately, namely
that:

The Plaintiff and/or its agents and/or employees including [Heng] will not
seek to rely on an unconscionable bargain or enforce any term in any contract
of services which is against public policy.

The Defendant explains in its further and better particulars filed by the
Defendant on 2 February 2015 (“the 2 February Particulars”) that the alleged
unreasonable or unconscionable bargain was that of the Plaintiff claiming
against the Defendant for losses arising out of the unauthorised trades where
the Defendant did not authorise, instruct or consent to the trades and had
immediately informed the Plaintiff that these trades were unauthorised. 184

##### Foot Note 184

×

Set Down Bundle, Tab 7, p 3: Defence and Counterclaim (Amendment No 1) para
25(a)

210 The response to this submission is that I have found that the four
disputed trades were in fact and law authorised or consented to by the
Defendant. Even though they were not executed pursuant to the Defendant’s
express verbal or written instructions, it is clear that the Defendant knew
and consented to his trading account being operated by Heng under the
instructions of Adrian and subsequently Lincoln. It was therefore not
unconscionable for the Plaintiff to have commenced the present Suit.

211 The second term that the Defendant asserts should be implied is:

The Plaintiff and its agents and/or employees will not increase the
Defendant’s trading account limit(s) without the Defendant’s authorization,
instruction or knowledge.

212 This submission can also easily be dismissed. As I have earlier found, the
Defendant’s trading pattern during the relevant time frame, including the
counters dealt with and the volume and risk of exposure as represented by the
four disputed trades, was similar to his trading pattern over the preceding
eight months (see [131] above).

213 The third term or duty relied on is as follows: 185

##### Foot Note 185

×

Set Down Bundle, Tab 3, p 12: Defence and Counterclaim (Amendment No 1) para
25(a)

The Plaintiff and its agents [including Heng] and/or employees will not buy or
sell or deal with securities under the Defendant’s trading account unless with
the Defendant’s express authorisation, instruction and/or consent.

214 In the 2 February Particulars, the Defendant identified the basis for the
alleged duty to be “implied in law”. 186

##### Foot Note 186

×

Set Down Bundle, Tab 7, p 2: Further and Better Particulars sought of the
Defendant’s Defence and Counterclaim

215 It is well established that terms are not readily implied in law. Once a
term has been implied in law, the term will be implied in all future contracts
of that particular type. This can be distinguished from a term that is implied
in fact, in which case the term only applies to the particular contract and
parties. It behoves the court to approach terms implied in law with much care
and circumspection, because a term that is implied in law establishes a
precedent for similar cases in the future for all contracts of that particular
type: see Forefront Medical Technology (Pte) Ltd v Modern-Pak Pte Ltd [2006] 1
SLR(R) 927 at [42]–[44]. Indeed, it has been said that the touchstone for
implying a term in the contract is necessity and not merely reasonableness:
see Hugh Beale gen ed, Chitty on Contract vol 1 (Sweet & Maxwell, 31st Ed,
2012) at para 13-010.

216 To succeed in its position that the term should be implied in law, the
Defendant needs to either show that there is a statutory provision which
states that the term is to be implied, or there is some relevant custom and
usage that requires the term to be implied: see The Law of Contract in
Singapore at paras 06.076-06.090. However, in the present case, no independent
evidence was led on the existence of any statute, custom or usage in respect
of this term that the Defendant is urging the court to imply.

217 Quite apart from the absence of proof, the Plaintiff rightly submits that
the implication of such a term is inconsistent with the express terms of the
OSTA 2012. The OSTA 2012 sets out in great detail the terms and conditions
governing the contractual relationship between the Plaintiff and the
Defendant. As discussed earlier, this includes Clause 23.1 under which the
Defendant is held liable for trades even if they were executed by a third
party, but with the consent and/or authority (express, implied or otherwise)
and/or knowledge of the Defendant. There is thus no need for the Defendant’s
express authorisation, instruction and/or consent.

218 The final term that should be implied, according to the Defendant, is as
follows: 187

##### Foot Note 187

×

Set Down Bundle, Tab 3, p 10: Defence and Counterclaim (Amendment No 1) para
25(c)

The Plaintiff and/or its agents [including Heng] and/or employees will act in
accordance with the rules, directives, guidelines and regulations issued by
the relevant regulatory authority and/or SGX.

219 In the 2 February Particulars, the Defendant identified the specific rules
to be the SGX-ST Rules (“the Rules”), including Rules 4.6.4, 4.6.6, 4.6.7,
7.1.1, 12.17.6, 13.2.1, 13.6.1, 13.11.1 and 13.13.3. 188

##### Foot Note 188

×

Set Down Bundle, Tab 7, p 3: Further and Better Particulars sought of the
Defendant’s Defence and Counterclaim

220 It is not necessary to set out the details of all the Rules. Some examples
will suffice to provide the tenor of the Rules:

(a) Rule 4.6.4 entitled “Good Business Practice” states that “[a] Trading
Member must adhere to the principles of good business practice in the conduct
of its business.”

(b) Rule 4.6.6 entitled “Supervision” states that “[a] Trading Member must
supervise its Trading Representatives, employees and agents.”

(c) Rule 12.17.6 entitled “Trading by Employees and Agents” states that “[a]
Trading Member must have in place procedures to monitor the trading activities
of its Directors, Officers, Trading Representatives and employees.”

(d) Rule 13.6.1 entitled “Unauthorised Trading” states that “[a] Trading
Representative must not: (i) execute his personal trades in the account of a
customer; and (ii) use a customer’s account for third party trading without
the customer’s prior written authorisation.” [emphasis added].

221 The Defendant submits that there is a recognised general duty on financial
institutions to ensure that their trading representatives are diligently
supervised. The Defendant also urges the Court to take account of the fact
that Singapore courts are generally slow to allow financial institutions to
shift the responsibility for any fraud by its own employee or remisier to its
own customers. 189

##### Foot Note 189

×

Defendant’s submissions at para 143

For this proposition, the Defendant relies on Kwek Hock Hee and another v Tat
Lee Securities Pte Ltd and another [1999] SGHC 143 (“Tat Lee”).

222 The immediate difficulty which the Defendant faces is his reliance on the
Rules as undergirding the term sought to be implied. Rule 1.1.1 expressly
provides that the Rules operate as a binding contract only between the
Singapore Stock Exchange and each Trading Member, such as the Plaintiff. Rule
1.1.2 then states that a person who is not a party to the Rules, such as the
Defendant, “has no rights under the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act
(Cap 53B, [2002 Rev Ed]) to enforce the Rules…” [emphasis added].

223 It is clear that the Rules are essentially regulatory rules which govern
the relationship between the SGX and its Trading Members such as the
Plaintiff. The Defendant, as the customer of the Plaintiff, does not acquire
any rights as a third party under the contract between SGX and the Plaintiff.
This is so even if the Rule in question directly benefits the Defendant.
Support for this view can be found in the decision of the High Court in RHB-
Cathay Securities Pte Ltd v Ibrahim Khan and other actions [1999] 1 SLR(R)
857. The defendant clients’ argument was that the plaintiff’s lack of proper
supervision in breach of the Stock Exchange of Singapore rules and bye-laws
enabled the dealer to conduct unauthorised trades with impunity, and the
plaintiff should be liable for its own employee’s fraud. The High Court held
at [63] that even if there were breaches of the Stock Exchange of Singapore
rules, which exposed the plaintiff, the remisier or dealer’s representative to
a penalty imposed by the Stock Exchange of Singapore, the breaches would not
render void or illegal contractual obligations validly entered into between
the member company and the clients arising out of share trading transactions.

224 Similarly, the Defendant, by opening the account with the Plaintiff,
entered into a contractual relationship with the Plaintiff. The terms of that
contract are expressly set out in considerable detail in the OSTA 2012, which
includes Clause 23.1. Clause 23.1 is a valid contractual provision as between
the Plaintiff and the Defendant, and under which the Defendant is liable.

225 The Tat Lee case does not assist the Defendant either. In that case, the
plaintiffs opened trading accounts with the 1st defendant (a firm of
stockbrokers) and were serviced by the 2nd defendant (a remisier attached to
the 1st defendant.) Shares were acquired by the 2nd defendant, pursuant to
instructions of the plaintiffs. Subsequently, it was discovered that the
remisier had sold the shares without the knowledge and consent of the
plaintiffs. The crux of the 1st defendant’s case was based on a letter of
authority signed by the plaintiffs. The letter of authority authorised the 1st
defendant to release debit and credit notes, statement of accounts and scrips
to the 2nd defendant (the remisier) for transactions executed on the
plaintiffs’ account. The plaintiffs also warranted not to hold the 1st
defendant, its directors and/or officers responsible for any losses that may
result from the share transactions.

226 The High Court summarised the 1st defendant’s argument as follows:

[Defence counsel] says that although the remisier is the company’s agent, the
agency is for the limited purpose of dealing in securities in the name of the
company; the remisier is not the company’s agent for all purposes. The Letter
of Authority allows the company to release the scrips to the remisier. What
the remisier does with the scrips after they are released is of no concern to
the company. Once the scrips are released to the remisier, the company is not
in a position to control what the remisier does with them. The Letter of
Authority also relieves the company from its duty to supervise what the
remisier does with them. This is because the remisier receives the scrips on
behalf of the plaintiffs as the plaintiffs’ agent…

[emphasis added]

227 The High Court disagreed with this argument. Its view was that a member of
the stock exchange (such as the 1st defendant), as principal, was vicariously
liable to its client for the fraud of its remisiers. The question was whether
there was anything in the letter of authority which altered this basic
position so as relieve the company from liability for frauds committed by the
remisier. It was in this context that the High Court held that any ambiguity
was to be resolved in favour of the plaintiffs. In coming to this decision,
the High Court referred to the regulatory framework and the public interest in
having a system whereby the public can trade in shares in safety and with
confidence. Insofar as the 1st defendant asserted that the remisier was only
the company’s agent to buy and sell shares for the client, the High Court
concluded that the point was “extremely narrow” and did not displace the duty
of the 1st defendant to supervise and control the 2nd defendant’s trading
activities which were “a continuous responsibility of the company.”

228 The immediate difficulty with the Defendant’s reliance on Tat Lee is that
even if financial institutions were responsible to their clients for the fraud
of their remisiers, there is no fraud to begin with in this case. I have found
that the Defendant was well aware of and consented to Adrian and Lincoln
executing trades (through Heng) under his account. This includes the
undisputed trades as well as the disputed trades.

229 Further, it can be seen that the High Court in Tat Lee referred to the
regulatory rules in the context of contractual interpretation, ie, in
interpreting the letter of authority signed by the plaintiffs in that case.
The public interest highlighted by the High Court helped to underpin the view
that a contractual provision should not be construed as exempting a party from
liability for his own fraud unless the language expressly compels one to do
so. The High Court in Tat Lee did not hold that the regulatory rules referred
to were, in and of themselves, binding on the plaintiffs.

230 Against this, the Defendant has submitted that notwithstanding clause
1.1.2 of the Rules, the court may find that “if certain rules are meant for
the protection of investors, such provisions form part of the duties owed by a
broker to its customers as implied terms.” 190

##### Foot Note 190

×

Defendant’s submissions at para 166

231 The case relied on is the decision of the Supreme Court of Victoria in
Bell Group Ltd v Herald and Weekly Times Ltd [1985] VR 613 (“Bell Group”). In
that case, Kaye J held at 617 that:

[t]he broker, in carrying out his principal’s instructions, is obliged to do
in conformity with the usages of the Stock Exchange, which includes its
articles, rules and regulations [as] he is unable to make a binding contract
on behalf of his client unless he complies with the provisions of those
instruments. Thus, in the fulfilment of his client’s instructions, the broker
is required to conduct himself … in the manner prescribed by the articles,
rules and regulations.

232 It must however be stressed that in Bell Group, the plaintiff accepted at
618 that the contract made between the plaintiff and its broker contained an
implied term that it was subject to the articles, rules and regulations of the
Stock Exchange. The dispute arose after a broker on the floor of the Melbourne
Stock Exchange offered to sell a parcel of shares. The offer was purportedly
accepted by three brokers, each acting for a different client. The question
was which party, if any, accepted the offer. An article of the Stock Exchange
provided that disputes between Members with reference to transactions in
securities should be investigated and resolved by the committee of the
Exchange whose decision was binding upon members. The plaintiff was the
principal of one of the accepting brokers. The plaintiff argued that it was
the successful bidder and sought to restrain the Exchange from conducting any
inquiry as to who was the successful bidder. The plaintiff argued that as a
principal, it was not bound by the usages of the Exchange which were only
applicable to brokers.

233 Kaye J noted that the principal was an outsider who was not qualified to
enter the floor of the Exchange, and held that the broker, in carrying out the
principal’s instructions, was obliged to do so in conformity with the usages
of the Stock Exchange which comprises the articles, rules and regulations
(including the article requiring disputes between Members in relation to
transactions in securities to be investigated and resolved by the committee of
the Exchange and whose decision was binding upon members). The broker was
unable to make a binding contract on behalf of his client unless he complied
with the provisions. It followed that a contract binding both the broker’s
principal and the counter-party only arose when the prescribed procedures had
been followed.

234 The facts and circumstances in Bell Group were different and far removed
from the case before me. Whilst the Defendant contends that the contract made
between the Plaintiff and the Defendant contained an implied term that it was
subject to the articles, rules and regulations of the Stock Exchange, there is
no concession made on this point by the Plaintiff.

235 The Defendant entered into contractual relationship with the Plaintiff by
opening the account. The terms of that contract are expressly set out in
considerable detail in the OSTA 2012.

236 The Plaintiff as a trading member of SGX is in a separate contractual
relationship with SGX. The Rules clearly form part of that contract. Any
breach of the Rules will doubtless expose the Plaintiff to sanctions by SGX.
Nevertheless, as I have earlier explained, the Rules expressly provide that
third parties do not acquire any rights under the Contracts (Rights of Third
Parties) Act. The Defendant, as a third party customer, remains a stranger to
the contract between the Plaintiff and SGX.

237 In the present case, as we have seen, Clause 23.1 of the OSTA 2012
expressly provides that transactions executed in accordance with instructions
of a person other than the Client or an authorised person are binding if the
instructions were provided with the consent or authority, express, implied or
otherwise and/or knowledge of the Client or authorised person. Even if Clause
23.1 is inconsistent with Rule 13.6.1 of the Rules, this does not alter the
fact that Clause 23.1 is a valid contractual provision as between the
Plaintiff and the Defendant. Unlike Clause 2.2 of the OSTA 2014, the OSTA 2012
does not contain a term stating that in the event of inconsistency between the
terms of the OSTA and the Rules, the Rules will prevail.

238 The Defendant goes further to argue that the Plaintiff and the Defendant
had expressly agreed that the contract would be governed by the applicable
rules and by-laws of SGX. In particular, the Defendant relies on Clause 5.1 of
OSTA 2012 which states that: 191

##### Foot Note 191

×

ABOD vol 1 p 11

… all Transactions by the Client on or for any Account must be made in
accordance with and subject to all applicable statutes, laws and regulations
governing the Transactions …

239 Reliance is also placed on Clause 2.2 of the OSTA 2012 which states: 192

##### Foot Note 192

×

ABOD vol 1 p 11

The Client’s relationship with [the Plaintiff], the operation of the
Accounts(s), the provision of all services and the implementation of all
orders shall be subject at all times to applicable statutes, laws and
regulations…

240 The Defendant’s counsel submits that these clauses make it clear that the
Plaintiff and the Defendant both intended for “the relevant terms of the Rules
to form part of their contract and therefore… the court should find that such
rules and regulations can be implied into the contract whether in law or in
fact.” 193

##### Foot Note 193

×

Defendant’s submissions at para 172

241 With respect to the Defendant’s counsel, I am unable to accept the
submission.

242 First, the highlighted clauses which refer to the Rules serve to safeguard
the interests of the Plaintiff vis-à-vis the Defendant, rather than impose a
duty on the Plaintiff to ensure compliance with the Rules, which is the basis
of the final term sought to be implied. In fact, Clause 2.2 of the OSTA 2012
goes on to state that “…the Client shall do all things required by [the
Plaintiff] in order to procure or ensure compliance with applicable statutes,
laws and regulations.” Clause 2.2 therefore is concerned with ensuring that
the Defendant, as client, does not prevent the Plaintiff from complying with
the applicable laws and regulations. In a similar vein, Clause 5.1 also goes
on to state that “[the Plaintiff] may do or cause to be done any act or thing
in order to prevent or remedy a breach of all such applicable statu[t]es, laws
and regulations governing the Transactions …” It is clear that Clause 5.1
properly construed also protects the Plaintiff’s rights. The intention is to
enable the Plaintiff to take steps to avoid or remedy an infraction of
applicable statutes, laws and regulations, including the Rules.

243 In reaching this decision I have noted that Clause 33 read with Clause 1
of OSTA 2012 provides that the agreement shall be governed, interpreted and
construed in accordance with the Rules. This provision makes sense as there
are indeed provisions such as Clause 5.1 which enable the Plaintiff to take
steps to remedy or prevent a breach of applicable laws. It does not mean,
however, that the Rules themselves take precedence and prevail over the clear
express terms of the Agreement.

244 Second, I also note the Defendant’s concession that not all the terms of
the Rules would or should form part of the contract between the broking house
and the client. 194

##### Foot Note 194

×

Defendant’s submissions at para 170

Instead, what is contended is that rules which are for the protection of
investors should form part of the contract as this will help promote
confidence in the securities industry. However, the ambiguity and resulting
uncertainty in drawing a line between those Rules which are for the protection
of the investor and those which are not cannot be underestimated. Indeed, the
Defendant does not clarify the relevant Rules which the OSTA 2012 allegedly
incorporates. In any event, it stands to reason that the purpose of the Rules
is to regulate and protect the industry as a whole: traders as well as members
of the public, rather than the individual investor.

245 The Defendant argues, in the alternative, that the Rules should be implied
in fact into the contract. It is well-established that the tests for an
implication of a contractual term in fact are the “officious bystander” and
“business efficacy” tests. Underlying each test is that of necessity, in that
the courts will imply a term only rarely: see The Law of Contract in Singapore
at para 06.058.

246 For this submission, the Defendant relies on the case of OCBC Securities
Pte Ltd v Yeo Siew Huan [1998] 1 SLR(R) 481 (“OCBC”). In OCBC, the defendant
client traded in shares through the plaintiff. A total of four accounts,
serviced by two traders, were opened. The plaintiff’s claim was that the
defendant failed to pay for shares that she had instructed the plaintiff to
acquire. The defence was that the plaintiff had itself breached various
provisions of the by-laws and was not entitled to be paid or indemnified for
the losses on her account.

247 The facts of the case are somewhat curious in that the defendant signed
two sets of application forms in respect of these accounts. In the case of the
earlier application form, no express terms and conditions were annexed to the
form. The second application form, on the other hand, set out terms and
conditions on the reverse side of the form.

248 Understandably, the High Court held at [9] that the fact that no terms and
conditions were set out in the first application form did not preclude some of
the terms set out in the second application form from being applicable by
implication, having regard to the customs and practices of the trade. Indeed,
the parties agreed in that case that the contract was governed by the
applicable rules and by-laws of the Stock Exchange of Singapore. That being
so, the High Court held that the duties and conditions imposed on the
plaintiff by virtue of the by-laws constituted, in whole or in part, the basis
for implying terms. These implied terms included the duties imposed under by-
law VI Clause 2 of the Stock Exchange of Singapore which required the
plaintiff to act in the interest of the defendant and only on the instructions
of the defendant, including oral instructions, unless the plaintiff had been
given discretionary powers of investment.

249 It will be noted that the OCBC case was decided on its own facts which
necessitated an implication of terms because it could not be the case that the
first two application forms and the trades under these accounts were not bound
by any terms and conditions whatsoever. In the present Suit, the contractual
relationship between the Plaintiff and the Defendant is already
comprehensively governed by the detailed terms and conditions set out in the
OSTA 2012. There is no doubt or dispute that the Defendant had been provided
with a copy of the OSTA 2012 and was aware of the terms and conditions
therein. Further implications of terms is not necessary. I further note that
the very definition of an implication of a term in fact is that it only
applies to that particular contract and parties, such as those in OCBC. The
same implied term would not apply as a matter of course to all contracts of
that type, or to the different factual scenario in the present Suit.

250 Moreover, the customs and practices of the trade, including the by-laws,
could be used as a basis to imply the terms in OCBC because the parties agreed
that the contract is governed by the applicable rules and by-laws. In the
present Suit, it is unclear even on the Defendant’s own case, what the precise
Rules that should be incorporated are.

Duty of care in tort

251 Finally, I deal with the Defendant’s counterclaim that the Plaintiff owes
him a duty of care in tort in like terms as the contractual duty owed. This is
based on the framework under Spandeck Engineering (S) Pte Ltd v Defence
Science & Technology Agency [2007] 4 SLR(R) 100 (“Spandeck”), as applied in Go
Dante Yap v Bank Austria Creditanstalt AG [2011] 4 SLR 559 (“Go Dante”). 195

##### Foot Note 195

×

Defendant’s submissions at paras 192-200

The Defendant argues, inter alia, that the twin criteria of voluntary
assumption of responsibility (by the Plaintiff) and reliance (by the
Defendant) were met. The Plaintiff held itself out as possessing the special
services, facilities and licence to allow the Defendant to buy and sell shares
on the stock market. The Defendant placed implicit reliance on the Plaintiff
to maintain the Defendant’s trading account as authorised by the Defendant,
and not to allow any unauthorised trades in his account.

252 With respect, this submission is misguided. Go Dante can be distinguished
from the present case in at least two ways. First, one of the strands upon
which the Court of Appeal in Go Dante found the tortious duty of care owed was
that the implied contractual duty of skill and care owed under various
account-opening documents created the necessary proximity required under
Spandeck (at [34]). There was no such contractual duty in the present case for
the requisite proximity to be made out. In fact, many of the terms outlined in
the OSTA 2012 expressly distanced the Plaintiff from the Defendant and sought
to protect the former.

253 Second, the Court of Appeal in Go Dante held (at [35]) that even in the
absence of the contractual framework established by the account-opening
documents, the respondent bank nonetheless assumed responsibility because it
accepted the appellant as someone whose money and assets were under its
control, and on whose behalf it could and was expected to expend considerable
sums in order to acquire various investments. In offering private banking and
wealth management facilities, it held itself out as possessing special skill
or expertise. Further, the appellant placed implicit reliance on that
expertise. In particular, the appellant relied on the judgment, skill or
ability of an employee of the respondent to make careful inquiry and give
information or advice to him (in the form of recommending suitable investments
and advising him of the pros and cons of those investments).

254 It is immediately apparent that the Plaintiff in the present Suit, being a
broking house, mainly provided the Defendant with the facilities for trading
in securities (with the sending of statements which merely recorded the
trades).

255 In relation to advice, Clause 24 of the OSTA 2012 entitled “Investment
Advice and Disclaimers” contains clauses which, on an overall reading, show
that the Plaintiff has clearly distanced itself from assuming any
responsibility to the client for any advice given.

256 For instance, Clause 24.5 states that if the client requires the Plaintiff
to provide execution related advice which are specific (ie, specifically
tailored for the client’s investment objective, financial situation or
particular needs), the client must first provide the Plaintiff with full
information about its specific investment objectives, financial situation or
particular needs, failing which the client must assume sole responsibility for
determining the suitability of any and all advice or recommendation that the
client may receive.

257 Clause 24.11 goes on to state that except if given pursuant to a specific
advisory agreement (and for the payment of an agreed and additional fee for
such advice or recommendation), the client must and should regard any advice
or commendation given in response to the client’s request or question in the
nature of general advice, and agrees that such advice may not be suitable for
the client’s investment objectives, financial situation and particular needs.
There is no evidence that there was any such specific advisory agreement
between the Plaintiff and the Defendant. For this reason, the Plaintiff cannot
be said to be holding itself out as having special expertise.

258 Further, Clause 24.18(b) of the OSTA 2012 states:

The Client represents, warrants and undertakes on a continuing basis that:

…

(b) any order of the Client, with the sole exception of orders placed
consistently and in accordance with Paid Advice or Guided Advice (given where
the Client has provided all relevant information to [the Plaintiff] to enable
such advice to take into account the client’s financial resources, ability and
willingness to take relevant risks and financial objectives), placed or any
other dealings in the Account(s) is solely and exclusively based on its own
judgment and after its own independent appraisal and investigation into the
risks associated with such orders and its own independent determination of the
order being specifically suitable for the Client based on the Client’s own
assessment of its financial resources, ability and willingness to take
relevant risks and financial objectives …

[emphasis added]

259 In addition, there was no evidence that the Defendant ever relied on the
Plaintiff’s skill and expertise, or used it as anything more than a facility
for trading in securities. Even on the Defendant’s own case and evidence, he
was the one who had made the decisions on the transactions (except the four
disputed trades), as a technical trader with a keen interest in the stock
market. It was not his position prior to the closing submissions that he had
at any time sought for or relied on the judgment or advice of the Plaintiff
(or even Heng). An argument in that respect at such a late stage appears to be
no more than an afterthought and I am unable to place much weight on it.

260 In any event, even assuming that a duty of care may be owed as a matter of
general principle, it is far from clear what is the nature or scope of the
duty of care that the Defendant relies on. Further, even if there is a
sufficiently certain duty of care owed by the Plaintiff to the Defendant,
there would have been no breach of this duty. On the facts of the present case
as I have found them, it hardly makes sense for the Defendant to complain of
lack of due care by the Plaintiff, given that the Defendant was well aware of
and consented to Heng’s acting on the instructions of Adrian and Lincoln. The
trades in the four disputed counters were similar to the trades over the
preceding eight months. There was no reason for the Plaintiff to have
suspected anything was out of the ordinary or to have taken any additional
step to discharge its duty (if any).

Conclusion

261 In conclusion, the Plaintiff succeeds on its claim. The Defendant’s
counterclaims are dismissed.

262 The Defendant is ordered to pay to the Plaintiff $1,888,954.60 together
with interest thereon continuing at the rate of 7% per annum from 14 December
2013 until the date of this judgment.

263 The Plaintiff claims costs on a full indemnity basis. 196

##### Foot Note 196

×

SOC(1) and Plaintiff’s submissions at para 224

Whilst the basis was not raised in the closing submissions, it appears that
claim arises from Clause 13.1 of the OSTA 2012 which states: 197

##### Foot Note 197

×

1 AB 57

The Client hereby agrees to indemnify and hold harmless [the Plaintiff] in
full and upon demand from and against all actions, claims, liabilities,
losses, damages, costs and expenses (including without limitation legal fees
and costs on a full indemnity basis) whatsoever arising directly or indirectly
out of (a) any action taken (or omitted to be taken) in good faith by [the
Plaintiff] pursuant to any instruction, notice or request by the Client and/or
the Authorised person or pursuant to the Agreement, (b) claims of third
parties which may be brought or asserted in respect of any Securities
deposited with [the Plaintiff] or against [the Plaintiff] by reason of its
holding or having received or held such Securities from the Client under or
pursuant to the Agreement or (c) the enforcement of any of the Client’s
obligations and liabilities under the Agreement and/or the recovery of any
sums owed by the Client under or relating to the Agreement.

(emphasis added)

264 The general principles applying to claims for indemnity costs under
contractual provisions are well known: see, for example, United Overseas Bank
Ltd v Sin Leong Ironbed & Furniture Manufacturing Co (Pte) Ltd and others
[1988] 1 SLR(R) 76 and Abani Trading Pte Ltd v BNP Paribas and another appeal
[2014] 3 SLR 909 (“Abani Trading”). As noted in Abani Trading at [91], the
courts have long recognised that banks have a legitimate commercial interest
in relying on contractual indemnities so as to minimise potential exposure to
legal costs in the event of litigation. The same must be also true for trading
houses and the securities market.

265 I note that there is authority for the proposition that the court retains
the right to disregard a contractual provision for indemnity in circumstances
where the enforcement of the provision is unjust (see Abani Trading at
[92]–[93]; Foo Chee Hock (gen ed), Singapore Civil Procedure 2016 (Sweet &
Maxwell Asia, 2016) at para 59/2/2).The court must of course exercise this
discretion judiciously. Indeed, as stated by this court in Abani Trading at
[93], in the absence of manifest injustice, the court will tend towards
upholding the contractual bargain entered into by both parties. In the present
case I see no reason why the Plaintiff’s claim to contractual indemnity costs
should not be upheld. The contractual provision is clear. The Defendant,
whilst a young man at the time, had been working for many years and had risen
to a position of some authority in WHD. The Defendant had opened three
previous trading accounts with other trading houses and was well aware that
there were standard terms and conditions in the contracts. Further, I do not
see any basis on which any assertion that the Plaintiff had acted in an
unconscionable manner against the Defendant in respect of the matters relating
to the Suit can be sustained.

266 The Defendant is to pay the Plaintiff’s costs on a full indemnity basis.
These costs are to be agreed or taxed.

George Wei  
Judge

Danny Ong, Jansen Chow and Ong Kar Wei (Rajah & Tann LLP) for the plaintiff;  
Philip Fong and Nicklaus Tan (Harry Elias Partnership LLP) for the defendant.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:40 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

