Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the of singapore

[2016] SGHC 271

HC/Registrar’s Appeal (State Courts) No 22 of 2016

Between

|  
---|---  
| Minichit Bunhom  
  
… Appellant

And

(1)| Jazali bin Kastari  
---|---  
(2)| Ergo Insurance Pte Ltd (Intervener)  
  
… Respondents

In the matter of DC/DC Suit No 1776 of 2015

Between

Minichit Bunhom

… Plaintiff

And

Jazali bin Kastari

… Defendant

GROUNDS OF DECISION

[Tort] — [Negligence] — [Special damages] — [Medical expenses]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Minichit Bunhom

  
v

  

Jazali bin Kastari and another

[2016] SGHC 271

High Court — Registrar’s Appeal (State Courts) No 22 of 2016  
See Kee Oon JC  
19, 28 October; 7 December 2016

7 December 2016

See Kee Oon JC:

Introduction

1 In tort law, special damages are meant to compensate an injured party for
specifically quantifiable pecuniary loss that has been occasioned by the
tortfeasor’s conduct. Does the duty of an employer of a foreign worker include
having to bear the cost of medical treatment for injuries suffered in an
accident in circumstances which create a legal liability in a third party to
pay damages? What does “double recovery” mean when determining special damages
arising from a personal injury claim where the injured party has not borne and
cannot be liable in law to bear the loss? This appeal was brought against the
decision of a District Judge in chambers disallowing medical expenses as a
head of special damages, and it revolved around these issues.

Background

2 The appellant had brought an action in the District Court claiming, inter
alia, special damages in the sum of $15,682.97 which was incurred for medical
expenses. He was a foreign worker who was involved in a road traffic accident
on 8 November 2013, when a lorry driven by the 1st respondent hit a road
divider and resulted in him suffering various injuries. The accident occurred
in the course of the appellant’s employment with KPW Singapore Pte Ltd
(“KPW”). KPW paid for the appellant’s medical expenses.

3 The 1st respondent was unrepresented and did not participate in the
proceedings at all material times. The 2nd respondent, Ergo Insurance Pte Ltd
(“Ergo”), is the insurance company which had obtained leave to intervene in
the proceedings in the court below. It was not disputed that the 1st
respondent was liable for the appellant’s injuries and the only issue in
contention was how damages would be assessed. At the hearing for assessment of
damages (“the AD hearing”), the appellant claimed that he could not afford the
medical expenses and KPW had thus paid them “by way of an advance” on his
behalf. He therefore submitted that he should be compensated since there was
an expectation that he would have to repay KPW.

4 The AD hearing led to an appeal to the District Judge, who found that the
1st respondent was not liable to compensate the appellant for the medical
expenses because (a) the Employment of Foreign Manpower Act (Cap 91A, 2009 Rev
Ed) (“EFMA”) imposed a duty on KPW as the employer to bear the cost of medical
treatment arising from the accident; (b) it was not open to KPW to delegate
this responsibility to the appellant by the extension of a loan with an
expectation of repayment; and (c) allowing the claim would result in double
recovery for the appellant. There was no appeal against the District Judge’s
other findings in respect of various heads of damages.

5 The present appeal to the High Court was brought with the leave of the
District Judge and restricted only to the question of whether the appellant
was entitled to recover the medical expenses as special damages. Having
carefully considered the arguments presented, I was not persuaded that the
District Judge had erred and I therefore dismissed the appeal and stated my
brief grounds orally. I now set out the full grounds for my decision.

The appellant’s submissions

6 On appeal, Mr Simon Yuen (“Mr Yuen”), counsel for the appellant, submitted
that the general principle of tort law required that the appellant be
compensated for all losses suffered as a result of the negligence of a
tortfeasor. In summary, Mr Yuen’s arguments were as follows: 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Appellant’s skeletal submissions at [11].

a. to disallow the appellant’s claims for medical expenses would be neither
fair, just nor reasonable, and would lead to a miscarriage of justice. The
tortfeasor should not be absolved from his tortious liability just because his
victim is an injured foreign worker;

b. the provisions under the EFMA cannot be interpreted to deny the injured
foreign worker his rights under common law and to preclude him from exercising
his said rights and claiming any particular head of damage. The employer’s
duties under EFMA should have no bearing on whether the injured foreign worker
is allowed to bring a common law claim for damages against a negligent
tortfeasor;

c. the issue of double recovery by the employer was irrelevant as this was a
suit between the appellant and the respondents, and the employer was not a
party to the suit; and

d. the evidence before the court showed that there would be no double recovery
by the appellant.

7 Noting that a recent decision of the High Court in Sun Delong v Teo Poh Sun
[2016] SGHC 129 (“Sun Delong”) had been adverted to but distinguished by the
District Judge, Mr Yuen sought to argue that the District Judge was not
entitled to decline to follow this case which was binding on her. Mr Yuen
sought to rely on the court’s ratio in Sun Delong where Choo Han Teck J had
held that the injured plaintiff-employee was entitled to claim his medical
expenses as special damages even though his ex-employer had paid those
expenses upfront. Choo J stipulated a condition that the plaintiff was to
reimburse his ex-employer.

8 Mr Yuen argued that there was nothing in the EFMA that precluded the injured
foreign worker from claiming his medical expenses from the tortfeasor. Mr Yuen
submitted that he had a “right to recover these monies from the negligent
tortfeasor” and denying him that right would mean that he would be “left out
of pocket for these sums, which would be a grave miscarriage of justice”. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Appellant’s skeletal submissions at [37].

The 2nd respondent’s submissions

9 Mr M P Rai (“Mr Rai”), acting for Ergo, the 2nd respondent, contended on
appeal that the District Judge was correct in her finding, for the following
key reasons: 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Intervener’s/Respondent’s skeletal arguments at [44] – [51].

a. the EFMA lays down a non-delegable statutory responsibility on the employer
to bear all medical expenses of its employee. To delegate or contract it away
would be a breach of the conditions of the work permit, contrary to s 22(1)(a)
of the EFMA.

b. Moreover, the EFMA mandates that the employer obtains a minimum sum
insurance to protect itself from potential liability for the medical expenses.
The clear statutory intention is for the employer is to bear the full medical
expenses of the foreign worker and to claim it from its insurer. It will then
be for the insurer to recover its outlay by virtue of subrogation.

c. To allow the employer to circumvent its statutory liability or the clear
statutory scheme (like allowing it to pretend that the medical expenses were
loans to the employee for which the employee is liable to reimburse to the
employer) would be to allow it to act in breach of the law and is void,
unenforceable and illegal.

10 Mr Rai supported the District Judge’s reference to another High Court case
for guidance, namely the decision of Lee Chiang Theng v Public Prosecutor
[2012] 1 SLR 751 (“Lee Chiang Theng”) where the scope of employers’ duties
under the EFMA was discussed by V K Rajah JA (as he then was). Mr Rai
submitted that the District Judge was correct in distinguishing Sun Delong on
the basis that no reference to Lee Chiang Theng was apparently made by the
parties in their submissions before Choo J.

11 Mr Rai therefore submitted that to allow recovery in the present case would
be to allow the employer to infringe the provisions of the EFMA, delegate his
otherwise personal and non-delegable duty and a scenario of double recovery in
the event that the employer had claimed or may claim from the mandatory
insurance that he had taken out. The appellant was, in any event, under no
legal liability to repay KPW as there was no valid cause of action to support
any claim by KPW to be reimbursed or indemnified for paying the appellant’s
medical expenses.

My decision

12 I have reproduced my oral grounds below in full and supplemented it
minimally. I have done so only where I feel it necessary to elaborate on
certain points or to provide further clarification. The substance of my
grounds remains wholly unchanged.

The scheme of the EFMA: Sun Delong and Lee Chiang Theng

13 I noted at the outset that it is common ground that the EFMA is the
relevant legislation. The EFMA provides for employers’ duties and
responsibilities in relation to foreign employees. The tortious compensatory
principle where liability is not disputed is well-established: to put an
injured plaintiff in a position as if the tort had not been committed. In
quantifying special damages, the law seeks to ensure that the victim is not
out of pocket and is reasonably compensated in terms of expenses proven to
have been incurred.

14 The scheme of EFMA and the relevant EFMA (Work Passes) Regulations 2012
(Cap 91A, S 569/2012) (“the Regulations”) place the burden of bearing medical
expenses as well as securing medical insurance on the employer, rather than
allocating the risk to the employee. Under the Regulations, the employer is
required to take out and maintain necessary minimum insurance for the employee
with reference to Condition 4, Part IV of the Fourth Schedule of the
Regulations which states as follows:

Employment

…

4\. The employer shall purchase and maintain medical insurance with coverage
of at least $15,000 per 12-month period of the foreign employee’s employment
(or for such shorter period where the foreign employee’s period of employment
is less than 12 months) for the foreign employee’s in-patient care and day
surgery except as the Controller may otherwise provide by notification in
writing. …

15 In addition, the employer must bear the cost of medical expenses incurred
by the employee subject to certain express exceptions, with reference to
Condition 1, Part III of the Fourth Schedule of the Regulations. The fact that
the employee’s obligations are expressed as exceptions indicates that the
general rule is that the employer of a foreign employee is to be responsible
for the provision of his medical treatment. The Condition states as follows:

Upkeep, maintenance and well-being

1\. The employer shall be responsible for and bear the costs of the foreign
employee’s upkeep (excluding the provision of food) and maintenance in
Singapore. This includes the provision of medical treatment, except that and
subject to paragraphs 1A and 1B, the foreign employee may be made to bear part
of any medical costs in excess of the minimum mandatory coverage if –

(a) the part of the medical costs to be paid by the foreign employee forms not
more than 10% of the employee’s fixed monthly salary per month;

(b) the period for which the foreign employee has to pay part of any medical
costs must not exceed an aggregate of 6 months of his period of employment
with the same employer; and

(c) the foreign employee’s agreement to pay part of any medical costs is
stated explicitly in the foreign employee’s employment contract or collective
agreement.

It is clear that based on the above, the employer’s payment for medical
expenses is a non-delegable statutory duty and there can be no expectation of
repayment since there is no possibility of a legitimate claim for recovery.

16 The above principles underpin the pivotal issue in this appeal viz, whether
the District Judge was justified in reaching her conclusion that Choo J’s
decision in Sun Delong does not bind her and in drawing guidance instead from
Rajah JA’s decision in Lee Chiang Theng. In Sun Delong, Choo J was however
apparently not referred to Condition 4 of the Regulations or to Lee Chiang
Theng. No reference to either of these aspects appears in Choo J’s judgment.
The inference is clear: that he did not take them into account whether
consciously or otherwise. If it was the former, I would respectfully disagree
that these considerations could be lightly disregarded. If it was the latter,
then it stood to reason that Choo J may well have come to a different
conclusion had these aspects been placed before him.

17 In any event, Choo J’s interpretation of the scope of the employer’s
obligations under the EFMA could be said to be limited to medical treatment in
respect of injuries suffered outside of the course of employment. In Sun
Delong, the employee had been knocked down by a lorry when he was cycling
across Woodlands Avenue 10. Counsel’s submission in Sun Delong – that the
employer of a foreign employee is obliged to pay for whatever medical
treatment the employee undergoes while he is in its employment, even if it
arose out of the tortious conduct of a third party – was similarly premised on
the condition that the medical treatment was necessitated by injury that was
suffered not in the course of his employment (at [25] of Sun Delong). In
rejecting counsel’s submission and finding that the medical treatment required
by the employee in Sun Delong fell outside of the employer’s obligation to
provide, Choo J could not be said to have also definitively found that the
employer would not be required to provide medical treatment even if the injury
arose in the course of employment. In other words, it cannot be assumed that
Choo J’s observations would have applied with equal weight to the present
factual scenario wherein a third party causes the foreign employee’s injury
but the accident arose in the course of employment. I am therefore of the view
that the facts of Sun Delong can be distinguished from the present case and
the District Judge was justified in reaching her conclusion on the same.

18 The observations of Rajah JA in Lee Chiang Theng at [11] on the “heavy
responsibilities” that employers owe to their foreign workers under the EFMA
are instructive and offered useful guidance to the District Judge in
interpreting the intent of the EFMA. The intention of the Legislature behind
enacting such responsibilities in respect of their foreign employees has been
expressed in Parliament as a move to combat a laissez-faire approach in our
foreign worker policy which would be detrimental to our overall economic
progress (see Singapore Parliamentary Debates, Official Report (22 May 2007)
vol 83 at col 929). Dr Ng Eng Hen, then Minister for Manpower, highlighted the
importance of protecting the well-being of foreign workers through imposing
conditions on employers for their housing, remuneration and medical coverage,
so as to maintain the comparative advantage which Singaporean companies enjoy
in being able to access foreign manpower. I concurred with the District
Judge’s reasoning. She found that the employer was responsible for the foreign
employee’s upkeep and maintenance in Singapore, and this includes the
provision of medical treatment, as set out in Condition 1 of Part IV of the
Fourth Schedule of the Regulations. She noted that the employer was also
required to purchase and maintain medical insurance for the foreign employee’s
in-patient care and day surgery (Condition 4 of Part IV of the Fourth Schedule
of the Regulations).

19 In my view, the District Judge was properly guided by Rajah JA’s clear and
unequivocal statement that the EFMA contains an “unambiguous and non-delegable
legislative framework of employer responsibilities” [emphasis added] (at [12]
of Lee Chiang Theng). I endorsed her reasoning and conclusion 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

Brief Reasons for Decision, at [7].

which was essentially as follows. Applying Lee Chiang Theng to the present
case, KPW must necessarily bear the cost of the appellant’s medical treatment
arising from the accident; KPW could not seek to delegate its responsibility
to the appellant or to the tortfeasor by the extension of a loan to the
appellant with an expectation of repayment.

20 In the course of hearing the appeal, it was highlighted to me that Choo J’s
decision in Sun Delong was the subject of a pending appeal to the Court of
Appeal. Upon checking the case status in the eLitigation system, I pointed out
to the parties that the matter had been settled and a consent order had been
approved by the court. From my perusal of the terms of the approved consent
order, the parties had agreed that the award of special damages ought not
include the sum of medical expenses which Choo J had awarded. Notwithstanding
these developments, I made it clear that the manner in which the parties had
resolved their issues in Sun Delong and specifically come to an agreement that
medical expenses ought not to be included in the award was neither relevant
nor dispositive. I therefore did not take this into account in arriving at my
decision.

Whether the appellant would be left out of pocket

21 I noted that Mr Yuen had submitted that the general principle of tortious
compensation dictates that the injured plaintiff cannot be left out of pocket.
This is of course well-settled, but I saw no adverse consequence or potential
prejudice flowing from the District Judge’s ruling. Assuming slightly
different facts, where the employer has not paid an employee’s medical
expenses and refuses or is unable to pay, the employer would not merely be in
breach of his statutory duty under the EFMA; in such a scenario, the employee
would not be denied his claim against the tortfeasor. Otherwise, the employee
could conceivably be out of pocket if he has borne those expenses himself
upfront. There would in any case also be no issue of double recovery to speak
of.

22 On the facts in the present case, KPW paid those expenses for the
appellant, as it ought to have done, but had somehow also sought to recover
payment from the appellant. Would the appellant be out of pocket if his claim
for medical expenses is denied? Clearly and indisputably, the answer is “no”,
since he had not paid for the medical expenses and was under no legal
liability to repay or “indemnify” KPW, his employer, for having paid those
expenses in observance of the statutory duty under the EFMA to do so.

Double recovery

23 Having regard to the above considerations, I was in full agreement with the
District Judge’s reasoning and decision. She was correct to characterise the
ruling as necessary to avoid “double recovery” in two senses:

a. first, in respect of the appellant, in the broad sense that the appellant
had not borne the medical expenses to begin with, and a ruling that the 1st
respondent (the tortfeasor) should also pay him those expenses which had
already been paid for by his employer (KPW), these would translate into double
(or put another way, additional) recovery for the appellant;

b. second, in respect of the employer (KPW), in the sense that the employer is
under a statutory duty to bear the cost of his employee’s medical treatment
(Condition 1 of Part III of the Fourth Schedule of the Regulations) and also
to maintain the necessary minimum medical insurance (Condition 4 of Part IV of
the Fourth Schedule of the Regulations); a claim on the insurance policy may
validly be made and to order payment of the same amount to the appellant on
the condition (or understanding) that he is expected to repay his employer
would mean that the employer can benefit from double recovery.

24 Insofar as the medical expenses of a foreign employee may at times exceed
the minimum insurance coverage maintained by the employer, I consider that
there may be an arguable case, in principle, that the employer should be
entitled to claim this sum (which exceeds that covered by insurance) from the
tortfeasor. However, unlike the Work Injury Compensation Act (Cap 354, 2009
Rev Ed) (“WICA”) which gives the employer a right to be indemnified by a
tortfeasor who is otherwise liable to pay damages (under s 18(1)(b) of the
WICA) if the employer has paid compensation to the employee under the said
Act, the EFMA does not appear to contain any corresponding provision which
gives the employer a similar right. For the purposes of the present case,
however, and especially given that the parties have not made submissions on
this issue, I do not consider it necessary to make a determination on whether
the employer has a right to make a claim against the tortfeasor subsequently
for the sum which may exceed that which is covered by insurance.

Policy considerations against “loan” arrangements

25 Finally, I took into account another cogent and compelling argument raised
by Mr Rai. The policy considerations should also entail a further dimension:
there is no reason why the law should operate to sanction secret or covert
“loan” or “advance” arrangements by employers with their employees which are
aimed at seeking further recovery notwithstanding the clear scope of the
employers’ statutory duties under the EFMA. There is no injustice to the
employer and no unjust outcome to be redressed.

Conclusion

26 I was not persuaded that there had been any clear error in law or principle
in the District Judge’s judgment. The appeal was therefore dismissed. After I
heard the parties’ submissions on costs, I awarded the 2nd respondent their
costs of the appeal fixed at $3,000 as well as reasonable disbursements in
addition.

See Kee Oon  
Judicial Commissioner

Simon Yuen (Legal Clinic LLC)  
for the appellant;  
Mahendra Prasad Rai (Cooma & Rai)  
for the 2nd respondent.  

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:40 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

