Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the republic of singapore

[2016] SGHC 61

Criminal Case No 41 of 2015

Between

| Public Prosecutor  
---|---  
  
And

| BAB  
---|---  
  
grounds of decision

[Criminal Law] — [Statutory offences] — [Penal Code]

[Statutory Interpretation] — [Construction of statute] — [Literal]

[Statutory Interpretation] — [Interpretation Act] — [Purposive approach]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections to be approved by the
court and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the
law, for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Public Prosecutor

  
v

  

BAB

[2016] SGHC 61

High Court — Criminal Case No 41 of 2015  
Kan Ting Chiu SJ  
7 December 2015

12 April 2016

Kan Ting Chiu SJ:

1 The principal issue in this case is the meaning of s 376A(1)(b) of the Penal
Code (Cap 224, 2008 Rev Ed) and the application of s 9A of the Interpretation
Act (Cap 1, 1997 Rev Ed) to its construction.

2 A woman (“the Accused”) was charged with 21 charges for offences against a
minor girl (“G”): 20 charges under s 376A(1)(b) of the Penal Code (“the
provision”) — 15 of them were for using a dildo, and five for using her
fingers to penetrate G’s vagina — and one charge under s 7(a) of the Children
and Young Persons Act (Cap 38, 2001 Rev Ed) (“CYPA”) for committing an obscene
act on G by kissing her on the lips and licking her breasts. At the
commencement of her trial, the Accused pleaded guilty to six charges under  
s 376A(1)(b) and to the charge under s 7(a) and she agreed to have the
remaining 14 charges under s 376A(1)(b) taken into consideration for the
purpose of sentencing. However, after listening to the mitigation plea and
submissions on sentence and before I sentenced the Accused, a doubt whether a
woman could be charged with an offence under s 376A(1)(b) arose in my mind and
I directed counsel for the prosecution and the Accused to address me on this.
In their written submissions, both counsel submitted that when  
s 376A(1)(b) is read with s 9A of the Interpretation Act and is given a
purposive interpretation, a woman could be charged under s 376A(1)(b). After
reading the submissions, after reading carefully the decisions of our courts
and statutory interpretation and giving further thought to the question, I
came to the conclusion that the provision does not cover women as offenders.

3 In the circumstances, the charges cannot stand even after the Accused had
pleaded guilty to them. Section 228(4) of the Criminal Procedure Code (Cap 68,
2012 Rev Ed) obliges a court to reject a plea of guilt by an accused person
who has pleaded guilty and has been convicted if his or her plea in mitigation
raises any matter which materially affects “any legal condition required by
law to constitute the offence charged.” The basis for this provision is clear;
a conviction should not stand if no offence has been committed. The principle
has to be applied further; when a court finds that an accused who has pleaded
guilty is actually not guilty, the court should not act on the guilty plea,
and should reject the plea whether the realisation came out of the mitigation
plea or from any other circumstances. Going still further, even in a situation
where an accused person has not pleaded guilty, but is convicted after trial,
the court should set aside the conviction if it finds that no offence has been
committed. The court has the obligation and the power to set aside the
conviction as long as it is not functus officio, as it would be if it has
fully disposed with the case, and has lost the ability to recall the case to
rectify the defect. As I have not sentenced the Accused, I am not functus
officio, and I reject the Accused’s guilty pleas to the six s 376A(1)(b)
charges, set aside the convictions thereon and acquit her of them.

4 I shall explain my decision on the s 376A(1)(b) charges.

S 376A(1) reads:

Any person (A) who –

(a) penetrates with A’s penis, the vagina, anus or mouth, as the case maybe,
of a person under 16 years of age (B);

(b) sexually penetrates, with a part of A’s body (other than A’s penis) or any
anything else, the vagina, or anus, as the case may be, of a person under the
age of 16 years of age (B);

(c) causes a man under 16 years of age (B) to penetrate, with B’s penis, the
vagina, anus or mouth, as the case may be, of another person including A; or

(d) causes a person under 16 years of age (B) to sexually penetrate, with a
part of B’s body (other than B’s penis) or anything else, the vagina or anus,
as the case may be of any person including A or B,

with or without B’s consent, shall be guilty of an offence.

The question

5 The question which I have to resolve is whether the person A in  
s 376A (1) (b) can be a woman. The provision is a relatively new one enacted
in 2007, and the question had not been decided before. On a plain reading of
(b), A is a person who has a penis which A had not used to penetrate B, and
had used another part of the body or something else to do that. The reference
to a person who has a penis cannot be construed to include a woman without
doing violence to common sense and anatomy.

Legislative history

6 As the prosecution is committed to the position that the Accused can be
charged under s 376A(1)(b), it is apposite to review its legislative history.
This provision has a short history as criminal offences go. In 2006, the
government took the unusual step of circulating a draft Penal Code (Amendment)
Bill (“the draft bill”) before the actual bill (Bill 38 of 2007) was tabled in
Parliament, and invited public feedback on the proposed amendments. The
Ministry of Home Affairs published a Consultation Paper on the Proposed Penal
Code Amendments (“the consultation paper’) which explained that the Penal Code
was undergoing a review which “will bring the Penal Code up to date, and make
it more effective in maintaining a safe and secure society in today’s
context”. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Consultation Paper on the Proposed Penal Code Amendments, para 3.

In part A(ii) of the consultation paper which dealt with new offences,
paragraph 22 stated:

A new offence of sexual assault by penetration would be introduced. The
intention is to prosecute non-consensual penetrative sexual acts, such as oral
and anal sex and using body parts (other than the penis) and objects.

7 The provision in the draft bill (which was to evolve through the subsequent
amendment bill and then into the form of the enacted provision) is s 376A (2):

Any person (A) who –

(a) sexually penetrates, with a part of A’s body (other than A’s penis) or
anything else, the vagina or anus of a person under the age of 16 years of age
(B);

(b) causes a man under 16 years of age (B) to penetrate, with B’s penis, the
vagina, anus or mouth of another person (C); or

(c) causes a person under 16 years of age (B) to sexually penetrate, with a
part of B’s body (other than B’s penis) or anything else, the vagina or anus
of A or B or of another person (C), with or without B’s or C’s consent, shall
be guilty of an offence.

8 In the accompanying Explanatory Notes to Proposed Amendments to Penal Code
Offences (“explanatory notes”) to the draft bill, paragraph 11 is of
particular relevance to the issue here:

Gender neutrality

In the review, we considered whether provisions which are currently gender-
specific should be amended to provide for gender neutrality.

Having considered the matter, we have decided not to take the approach that
all offences should be “gender neutral”. Many of our laws remain gender
specific because they reflect situations where men tend to be the aggressors
e.g. rape will remain an offence that only males can commit. The offence of
rape is clearly understood to be non-consensual penile penetration perpetuated
by a man on a woman. Due to the anatomical differences between men and women,
the offence of rape should remain an offence that can only be physically be
performed by a man. If a woman has sex with a minor, she can be prosecuted
under section 7 of the Children and Young Persons Act (sexual exploitation of
child or young person).

However, for offences where both a man or a woman could be the aggressor, our
approach is to make it gender-neutral e.g. a female could be prosecuted for
using any body part or object to penetrate the anus of a male victim.

9 After feedback to the consultation paper was received and considered, the
proposed amendments moved forward. The provision was revised when it appeared
in the Penal Code (Amendment) Bill (Bill 38 of 2007). The revised version in
the bill was enacted without modification as s 376A.

10 During the second reading of the bill, Senior Minister of State for Home
Affairs Associate Professor Ho Peng Kee informed the House that:

Feedback received highlighted concerns over female sexual abuse of male
minors. On further consideration, we accept that these younger male children
could be exploited by older women. Consequently, we have decided to make it an
offence for a woman to engage in penile penetrative sexual acts with a male
minor under 16 and to have commercial sex with a male minor under 18. Section
376A will be introduced to make oral and anal sex, whether consensual or non-
consensual, with a minor under 16, an offence, attracting an imprisonment term
of up to 10 years or fine or both. This new offence will also cover other
penetrative acts such as penile-vaginal penetration and penetration of the
anus or vaginal by any part of the body or object. [emphasis added]

(Singapore Parliamentary Debates, Official Report (22 October 2007) vol 83 at
col 2175)

11 The Minister went on to say on the following day:

We look at the provisions and look whether they ought to be made gender
neutral. We have stated the position in this House before that do not take the
position that all our criminal offences should be gender neutral because of
the psychological and physiological differences between men and women. We had
feedback saying that for some offences, perhaps, a female adult predator who
“exploits” a male minor should be liable, like sexual assault by penetration.
And we agreed. So, that is now proposed to be the law. [emphasis added]

(Singapore Parliamentary Debates, Official Report (23 October 2007) vol 83 at
cols 2440–2441)

It was not explained why gender neutrality for the offender was only extended
to situations involving male victims. The revised version in the bill was
enacted as s 376A(1)(b) of the Penal Code with one vote against vide Act 51 of
2007.

Interpretation

12 The literal and grammatical meaning of the provision is clear. The person A
referred to is a person with a penis which was not used to penetrate another
person. If the intention was that A can be a man or a woman, that could have
been made clear easily, for example, by adding a few words to the provision
for it to read “a part of A’s body (other than A’s penis, if A is a man)”.

13 How is a clear provision to be interpreted? This question has been
addressed by our courts. I will refer to four cases which dealt directly with
the question in chronological order. The first case is Comfort Management Pte
Ltd v Public Prosecutor [2003] 2 SLR(R) 67 where Yong Pung How CJ held at [18]
that:

…the approach in both s 9A and the common law assume that the statutory
provision in question is reasonably capable of more than one construction: in
such a case, the meaning which promotes the statutory provision should be
chosen. However, if the word is capable of one meaning only, then the courts
should not impose another meaning, even if the latter, in the opinion of the
courts, will better promote the statutory purpose… Otherwise, that will amount
to performing the legislative function. A line must be drawn between purposive
interpretation and law-making. [emphasis added]

14 In Public Prosecutor v Low Kok Heng [2007] 4 SLR(R) 183, VK Rajah JA
cautioned at [52] that:

…it is crucial that the statutory provisions are not construed, in the name of
a purposive approach, in a manner that goes against all possible and
reasonable interpretation of the express literal wording of the provision…

Courts must be cautious to observe the limitations on their power and to
confine themselves to administer the law. Section 9A of the Interpretation Act
should not be viewed as a means or licence by which judges adopt new roles as
legislators; the separation of powers between the judicial branch and of
government must be respected and preserved. [emphasis added]

15 In [57], he concluded that:

…s 9A of the Interpretation Act mandates that a purposive approach be adopted
in the construction of all statutory provisions, and allows extrinsic material
to be referred to, even where, on a plain reading the words of a statute are
clear and unambiguous, The purposive approach takes precedence over all other
common law principles of interpretation. However, construction of a statutory
provision pursuant to the purposive approach stipulated by s 9A is constrained
by the parameters set by the literal text of the provision. The courts should
confine themselves to interpreting statutory provisions purposively with the
aid of extrinsic material within such boundaries and assiduously guard against
inadvertently re-writing legislation.

16 The Court of Appeal dealt with the question in Dorsey James Michael v World
Sport Group Pte Ltd [2013] 3 SLR 354. In its judgment delivered by Sundaresh
Menon CJ, it quoted at [19] with approval a passage from  
Dawson J’s dissenting judgment in Mills v Meeking (1990) 169 CLR 214 that

…the approach required by s 35 [of the Interpretation Act of Victoria which
corresponds with s 9A of the Interpretation Act] needs no ambiguity or
inconsistency (in the provision to be interpreted); it allows a court to
consider the purposes of an Act in determining whether there is more than one
possible construction. Reference to the purposes may reveal that the draftsman
has inadvertently overlooked something which he would have dealt with had his
attention been drawn to it and if it is possible as a matter of construction
to repair the defect, then it must be done. [emphasis added]

17 The Court of Appeal revisited this question in Citiwall Safety Glass Pte
Ltd v Mansource Interior Pte Ltd [2015] 5 SLR 482. The Court in a judgment
delivered by Chao Hick Tin JA, dealt with the effect of the Interpretation Act
on the interpretation of s 37(1)(a) of the Building and Construction Industry
Security of Payment Act (Cap 30B, 2006 Rev Ed), referred to Bennion on
Statutory Interpretation (LexisNexis, 6th Ed, 2013), and confirmed at [16]
that:

…it is a rule of statutory interpretation that where a statutory provision is
grammatically capable of one meaning only,….the legal meaning corresponds to
the grammatical meaning of the provision, and is to be applied accordingly.
[emphasis added]

18 While it had been said

When I use a word it means just what I choose it to mean – neither more nor
less.

(Humpty Dumpty, Through the Looking Glass),

words in statutory enactments should be used and construed more carefully and
responsibly.

The route to the answer

19 To arrive at an answer, it is necessary to ascertain if it is the purpose
of s 376A(1)(b) to include women as offenders, and if it is, whether the
provision should be interpreted to give effect to that.

Purpose

20 It can be seen from [6]–[11] that from the beginning of the process in 2006
leading to the parliamentary debates and the passing of the amendment bill in
2007, the question of making it an offence for a woman to use a part of her
body or an object to penetrate the vagina or anus of a minor was under
discussion. Attention was drawn to the question, and it can be assumed that
much thought was given to the gender-specificity of the provision by the time
it was enacted.

21 Against this background, different views can be taken on whether provision
is extended to women offenders. On the one hand, the fact that the provision
was passed with only one vote against may be seen as evidence that the purpose
expressed in the explanatory notes and the Minister’s speeches was adopted for
the provision. On the other hand, the choice of the words “a part of A’s body
(other than A’s penis)” could be taken as an indication that the offence is
intended to apply to men only, on the very reasonable assumption that
Parliament understands the laws it passes, and we should be slow to suggest or
infer the contrary.

Interpretation

22 Section 9A(1) of the Interpretation Act states that:

In the interpretation of a provision of a written law, an interpretation that
would promote the purpose or object underlying the written law (whether that
purpose or object is expressly stated in the written law or not) shall be
preferred to an interpretation that would not promote that purpose or object.

23 This should be read in conjunction with explanations and clarifications
from our courts which are set out at [13]–[17]. A statutory provision which is
grammatically and literally capable of only one specific meaning should be
given that interpretation. Where the wording of a provision is broad enough
for there to be more than one interpretation, an interpretation which promotes
the purpose of the provision is to be preferred to an interpretation which
does not promote the object. Section 9A(1) does not require or allow a
provision to be given a purposive interpretation which is inconsistent with
its natural meaning.

24 In this instance the enacted words are that person A is a person with a
penis. This is not a case where A can be read to be a man, and can also be
read to be a woman. If a court were to read A to include a woman, it would
have gone beyond interpreting the law, and would be re-writing it. By doing
that it would be assuming a legislative power it does not have, and even
Parliament may not have, if we agree with Jean-Louis de Lolme’s wry statement
in Constitution de l’Angleterre (The Constitution of England) that “parliament
can do everything but make a woman a man and a man a woman”. At the same time,
it is not discharging its judicial responsibility when it gives the law an
interpretation which is incompatible with its literal and grammatical meaning
to give effect to a purpose gleaned from the explanatory notes and ministerial
speeches. We must guard against bending backwards and straining the judicial
spine to give a purposive interpretation, and not reading the law as it is.
The better course is to leave drafting to the draftsman, and to leave it to
the legislature to amend the provision to make it clear that person A includes
a woman, if that is its intention.

The facts of the case

25 The Accused was 36 years old at the time of the offence and 40 years old at
the present time, and had passed herself off as a male from a young age. G and
her family stayed in a flat two doors from the Accused’s flat. The Accused and
G became acquainted in 2011, and G would visit and spend time at the Accused’s
flat. As time passed, their friendship and affection for each other developed.

26 The charge under s 7 CYPA was that the Accused

sometime in February 2012, at……., Singapore, did commit an obscene act with a
young person, one [G], aged 13 years, to wit, by kissing her on the lips and
licking her breasts, and you have thereby committed an offence punishable
under section 7 of the Children and Young Persons Act, Chapter 38.

27 The Statement of Facts (“SOF”) presented by the prosecution and admitted by
the Accused elaborated that the Accused had brought G to the kitchen of the
flat and kissed her on the lips before taking her to the master bedroom where
she removed her T-shirt and bra, and licked her breasts and nipples. In April
2014, in the course of investigations, G was sent for a medical examination at
the Singapore General Hospital. The examination did not reveal anything
significant. G had no medical problems, and was calm at the clinical
appointment. She was not sent for psychological or psychiatric examination.

28 The Accused underwent psychiatric examination in the course of
investigations. A psychiatric report put up by Dr Poon Ngar Yee of the
Institute of Mental Health (“IMH”), stated that

Psychosexual and Relationship History:

12 [The Accused] reported that prior to kindergarten she thought she was a boy
as she was often mistaken as a boy by others. Although her mother had been
telling her that she was a female, she said the first time she actually
realised she was a female was when she was dressed in a kindergarten uniform
which was a dress.

Mental State Examination:

44 [The Accused] presented as a young cooperative adult of Malay origin. Her
psychomotor activity was normal. She maintained appropriate eye contact. She
was tearful at times. Her attention and concentration was normal. She was able
to focus in all the interviews. Her affect was euthymic and appropriate to her
thought content. Her memory function was normal. She was orientated to time,
place and person and was aware of the nature of his [sic] charges. There were
no overt signs or symptoms of depression or psychosis. She was not suicidal.

Opinion:

[The Accused] suffered from Gender Dysphoria. This was evident by her strong
desire to be of male [sic]. Since childhood she had been having strong
preference for wearing only typical masculine clothing. She dislikes of her
female sexual characteristic [sic]. She has a desire of having a penis. She
has consumed [sic] a role as a male to the extent of obtaining a factitious
identity and married to females.

29 Counsel for the Accused also arranged for her to be examined by two other
psychiatrists. The first psychiatrist was Dr Subhash Gupta of the IMH, who
also found that the Accused suffered from Gender Dysphoria, and that there was
no history suggestive of any paraphilia such as fetishism frotteurism,
transvestism, sado-masochism, voyeurism or exhibitionism.

30 The Accused was also seen by Dr Tommy Tan, formerly Senior Consultant of
the IMH and presently in private practice. Dr Tan diagnosed the Accused to
have Transexualism or Gender Dysphoria. He stated that the Accused did not
have hebephilia or paedophilia (sexual preference for adolescent children) and
did not seek out young victims, and that she does not require psychiatric
treatment. He recommended sexual reassignment surgery instead, so that she can
continue life as a man.

Factors relevant to the sentence to be imposed

31 There are some mitigating circumstances. The Accused had no antecedents,
she had surrendered herself to the police, and had co-operated in the
investigations. With regard to her actions, she did not force herself on G.
The fact that she was afflicted with Gender Dysphoria is not a mitigating
factor, neither is the fact that she did not have hebephilia or paedophilia.

32 The prosecution submitted that there were aggravating factors. The first
aggravating factor put forward is that the Accused had abused the position of
trust reposed in her as set out in paragraph 10 of the SOF, which reads:

The victim, her younger sister and elder brother began to spend most of their
time at the Accused’s flat from March 2012. The three of them would go back to
their own home from time to time throughout the day to shower, get changed and
dressed from their own flat every morning before leaving to attend their
respective schools. The victim’s father was aware of this and allowed it to
continue as he trusted the accused and both families were on good terms at the
time. [emphasis added]

33 The SOF related to all the charges the Accused had pleaded guilty to.
Chronologically, these charges commenced in February 2012 with the charge
under s 7 CYPA, followed by the charges under s 376A(1)(b) which were from
March 2012 to September 2013.

34 With the setting aside of the convictions on the s 376A(1)(b) charges, we
are left with the offence under s 7 CYPA which took place in February 2012. In
February 2012, G and her siblings had not yet started to spend time at the
Accused’s flat, and paragraph 10 of the SOF did not make it clear whether
their father had reposed trust in the Accused at that time. When we talk about
trust, it is not only about whether there was trust; the extent of the trust
reposed in the offender should also be considered. In this case, any trust
reposed in the Accused in February 2012 would not have been significant.

35 The second aggravating factor relied upon by the prosecution is the sexual
grooming of G by the Accused, as disclosed in the SOF. While sexual grooming
in relation to s 7 CYPA is not defined, kissing on the lips and licking of the
breasts and nipples would come within the ambit of grooming as initiation
towards sexual activity. Counsel for the Accused however disputed that there
was sexual grooming because there was no element of coercion, pressure or
abuse by the Accused, without explaining why any of those elements is
necessary to make up grooming.

36 The prosecution referred me to the recent decision by Sundaresh Menon CJ in
AQW v Public Prosecutor [2015] 4 SLR 150 (“AQW v PP”) and the decision of the
Court of Appeal in Public Prosecutor v ABJ [2010] 2 SLR 377 (“PP v ABJ”), and
submitted that a sentence of one year imprisonment would be a just and
appropriate sentence for the Accused. The first case in time, PP v ABJ, is a
bad case. The accused was convicted for nine offences perpetuated over seven
years against a girl, when the victim was between eight and 15 years of age.
The offences included rape, anal sex, and indecent penetration of the vagina
with a banana and a stick. The accused, a temple medium, had trust reposed in
him in that he was regarded by the victim’s family as a spiritual advisor, as
well as a closed and trusted family friend. The victim was examined by a
psychiatrist and was found to have suffered severe psychological harm in the
form of promiscuous behaviour, self-mutilation and low self-esteem, and that
it would be difficult for the victim to recover from the afflictions. The
accused was sentenced by the trial court to one year’s imprisonment for the
offence. Taken in totality, he was sentenced to 24 years for the nine
offences. On appeal by the prosecution, the Court of Appeal enhanced the total
sentence to 32 years by ordering that three of the sentences imposed by the
trial court were to run consecutively in place of the two consecutive
sentences ordered at the trial. The one-year sentence for the offence under s
7 CYPA was not disturbed. This case did not offer much guidance for the
determination of the sentence.

37 In the second case, AQW v PP, the appellant was a 35 year old man, and his
victim was a boy who was almost 15 years old. The appellant had pleaded guilty
to two charges under s 7 CYPA for using his hands to masturbate the boy. On
both occasions, the acts were consensual with no coercion used. The appellant
was sentenced to ten months’ imprisonment on each charge. When the case went
on appeal, Menon CJ held at [50] that:

…a sentence of between six and eight months’ imprisonment was appropriate
where

(a) the sexual act that took place between the offender and the minor involved
the touching of naked genitalia, regardless of whose genitalia it was,

(b) the minor is 14 years old or above, and does not appear to be particularly
vulnerable,

(c) the offender did not coerce or pressure the minor into participating in
the sexual act, and

(d) there was no element of abuse of trust.

and he reduced the sentences of ten months’ imprisonment to six months for
each offence.

38 In their submissions on sentence, defence counsel asked for a sentence of
six months’ imprisonment, while the prosecution pressed for a term of 12
months.

Sentence

39 In setting the sentence for the Accused, I take into account the fact that
the Accused had surrendered herself to the police when the offence came to
light, and had co-operated in the investigations and had pleaded guilty to the
charge at the first opportunity, saving G from having to recount the
unrecorded and uncorroborated events which took place years ago. There was no
penetration or touching of naked genitalia, and the acts were consensual. The
Accused had not coerced or preyed on G and is unlikely to prey on other
minors, and she had not left any severe or lasting psychological harm on G as
far as we know.

40 This case does not call for the same one-year sentence which was imposed in
PP v ABJ. A sentence within the six-to-eight-months range is more appropriate,
and after taking into consideration all the facts I sentence the Accused to
serve eight months imprisonment.

Kan Ting Chiu  
Senior Judge

Dwayne Lim and John Lu (Attorney-General’s Chambers) for the prosecution;  
N Sudha Nair (M/s Lexcompass LLC) for the accused.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:39 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

