Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the republic of singapore

[2016] SGHC 35

Magistrate’s Appeal 101 of 2015

Between

Public Prosecutor  
---  
  
… Appellant

And

Ang Geok Kim  
---  
  
… Respondent

ORAL JUDGMENT

[Criminal Law] — [Offences] — [Property] — [Criminal Breach of Trust]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections to be approved by the
court and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the
law, for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Public Prosecutor

  

v

  

Ang Geok Kim

[2016] SGHC 35

High Court — Magistrate’s Appeal No 101 of 2015/01  
Tay Yong Kwang J  
11 March 2016

11 March 2016

Tay Yong Kwang J

Introduction

1 This is an appeal by the Public Prosecutor (“the Prosecution”) against the
District Court’s acquittal of Ang Geok Kim (“the Respondent”) on 11 charges of
committing criminal breach of trust as a servant in respect of sponsored funds
which she was entrusted with dominion over (see the District Court’s Grounds
of Decision (the “GD”) in (2015) SGDC 244).

2 At all material times, the Respondent was a corporate sales manager in
Cultural & Entertainment Holidays Pte Ltd (“C&E”), a travel agency. In the
charges, she was described as a “sales executive” but nothing in this appeal
turns on the difference in job title.

3 Out of the 11 charges, the second and third charges fell within the ambit of
the Penal Code (Cap 224, 1985 Rev Ed) which was in operation before 1 Feb 2008
(“the old Penal Code”). The rest were within the ambit of the Penal Code (Cap
224, 2008 Rev Ed) that is presently in force (“the new Penal Code”).

The District Judge’s decision

4 The District Judge acquitted the Respondent on all 11 charges, concluding
(at [323] of his GD) that the Prosecution had not proved beyond a reasonable
doubt that:

(a) In all 11 charges, that the Respondent had the requisite dishonest
intention (the mens rea) when she performed the transactions;

(b) In all 11 charges, that C&E had suffered any loss;

(c) In the relevant charges, that the Respondent had made a wrongful gain when
she retained the 5% service charge; and

(d) In the eight “conspiracy” charges, that the Respondent had conspired with
PW1 Jackie, PW3 Andy, or Ricky (collectively “the co-conspirators” although
Ricky passed away before the alleged offences came to light).

Amendments to second and third charges

5 In its written submissions, the Prosecution applied for the second and third
charges to be amended in the event that its appeal against acquittal was
allowed. It submitted that the second charge should be amended to reflect a
sum of $16,000 as the misappropriated funds instead of $28,000 because benefit
of the doubt was given to the Respondent that $12,000 could have been used for
official promotional business approved by the Respondent’s general manager.

6 In respect of the third charge, the Prosecution submitted that an amendment
should be made to reflect a sum of $14, 964 instead of $15,000. This was
because benefit of the doubt was given for $36 which, from the records, did
not appear to have been converted.

7 Before me, the Respondent’s counsel stated that he had no objection to the
proposed amendments.

The appeal against acquittal

8 I now turn to the Respondent’s arguments against the acquittal on all 11
charges.

Dishonesty (the mens rea)

9 The Prosecution submitted that there were six “red flags” that pointed
clearly to the Respondent’s dishonesty. Mr Ronald Ng for the Respondent
retorted that they were merely “red herrings”. They were as follows:

(a) The Respondent’s deliberate choice of an unorthodox conversion over
established methods for processing travel arrangements in order to circumvent
proper checks and balances that were in place;

(b) The Respondent’s deliberate choice to proceed with encashment of the
sponsored travel vouchers despite her general manager’s warning of possible
criminal consequences;

(c) The fact that the Respondent deducted a personal “service charge” in
return for the favours she did for the co-conspirators;

(d) The Respondent’s awareness that Jackie was using sponsored funds for his
personal benefit;

(e) The Respondent’s lack of prior dealings with Andy and Ricky; and

(f) The Respondent’s confession in her statement to the police that her
actions were wrong.

10 I agree with the Prosecution’s arguments. In my opinion, the evidence
showed that the Respondent’s conduct was not one of mere carelessness. She was
dishonest in the dealings mentioned in the charges as she clearly had the
intention to cause wrongful gain to the co-conspirators and herself, although
her share was only 5%. The Respondent’s encashment of travel vouchers was not
authorised by C&E at the material times. The way she carried it out by
camouflaging the encashment with cash paid by walk-in customers coupled with
the inaccurate documentation certainly showed her guilty mind.

Wrongful loss

11 I disagree with the District Judge’s finding that C&E did not suffer any
loss.

12 C&E did suffer loss as a result of the Respondent’s encashment of the
sponsored travel vouchers using the cash paid by walk-in customers (who had
nothing to do with the travel vouchers). C&E had two kinds of customers: those
who used travel vouchers to pay for their trips and those who were walk-in
customers who paid money for their trips. When the travel vouchers were
exchanged with cash from walk-in customers, C&E suffered a loss of profits
that could have been made from the use of vouchers by those who would have
been entitled to them. This is because C&E was deprived of the additional
profits that could otherwise have been made from the sales to customers who
would have used the travel vouchers. Assuming that the potential profit from
each travel voucher was 10% (or any other figure), this was the amount of
profit C&E would lose each time the Respondent converted the travel vouchers
the way she did for the co-conspirators.

Wrongful gain

13 Even if I am wrong on the issue of wrongful loss, it was clear that the
Respondent intended to cause wrongful gain to the co-conspirators. The travel
vouchers were either used for their own purposes or converted into cash for
them without a proper audit trail. It was undeniable that the Respondent also
made a wrongful gain for herself when she retained 5% of the sponsored funds
in exchange for the personal favours done by her. I place no weight on the
evidence that C&E would have approved of her taking such a cut. That evidence
was given on hindsight and with a blinkered view of the true situation which
was that a senior employee of C&E was assisting others in misusing sponsored
funds. In my opinion, C&E’s new company policy in 2015 did not support the
conclusion that the company would have approved of the service charge kept by
the Respondent. Under the new policy, the service charge of 10% is to be paid
to the company (as estimated minimum amount of loss of profits) and not to any
staff member for his/her personal benefit.

14 The sponsored funds were given for the specific purposes of sponsoring
promotional events held at NTUC Pubs as well as customer or staff incentive
travel. The Respondent was aware of that. At no point was the Respondent
authorised to encash travel vouchers for the co-conspirators’ personal benefit
or to retain a 5% “service charge” in exchange for doing these favours. The
Respondent has admitted that there was no such company policy allowing her to
do so and that she did not inform her employers about the “service charge”.
Since the Respondent has been working for many years in the sales and tour
business and as C&E’s sales manager in charge of corporate and incentive
accounts since 1996 or 1997, she must have known that the sponsored funds were
being diverted for unauthorised purposes when she encashed the travel vouchers
for the co-conspirators and took a 5% cut.

15 This is amplified by the fact that the Respondent knew that Ricky and Andy
were employed by Thong Huat, one of the sponsors of the funds concerned. The
fact that sponsored funds were being used to purchase travel vouchers which
were then converted back into cash and returned to the sponsor’s employees
would have made it apparent to the Respondent that the funds were being
misused.

16 Hence, even if the Respondent did not intend to cause wrongful loss to C&E,
it is undeniable that wrongful gain was intended.

Conspiracy

17 The element of conspiracy was also satisfied. Conspiracy is usually
inferred from objective facts rather than proved directly. It is clear that
the Respondent had agreed with the co-conspirators to make use of the
sponsored funds in the way they were eventually misapplied. Although it was
Jackie who devised the scheme and who later told Andy and Ricky about it, the
Respondent agreed to play the pivotal role of encashing travel vouchers for
their personal benefit. Without her involvement, the three co-conspirators
would not have been able to misuse the sponsored funds in the way they did.
The charges of conspiracy were therefore made out.

My decision on conviction

18 For these reasons, I allow the Prosecution’s appeal against the
Respondent’s acquittal on all 11 charges. I also allow the Prosecution’s
application to amend the second and the third charges. I convict the
Respondent on the 11 charges (as amended) accordingly.

The sentences

19 Upon the appeal being allowed, the Prosecution requested a postponement of
submissions on sentence as there are outstanding charges against the
Respondent which are unrelated to the facts here and the Prosecution intends
to offer to the Respondent to have them taken into consideration for
sentencing in this appeal. Mr Ronald Ng had no objections to this request. He
stated that the Respondent has indicated previously that she intends to plead
guilty to those outstanding charges.

20 I will therefore hear the submissions on sentence on Wed 16 March 2016. As
the Respondent is a Singaporean and she is on bail for the outstanding charges
with her passport in the custody of the investigating authorities, I see no
need to impose bail for this short adjournment.

Tay Yong Kwang  
Judge

Jiang Ke-Yue (Attorney-General’s Chambers) for the appellant;  
Ronald Ng (Ng, Lee & Partners) for the respondent.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 11 Jan 2022 (19:48 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

