Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the republic of singapore

[2016] SGHC 279

Originating Summons No 153 of 2016

In the matter of Section 210 of the Companies Act (Cap 50)

And

In the matter of Conchubar Aromatics Ltd

| Conchubar Aromatics Ltd  
---|---  
  
… Applicant

Originating Summons No 154 of 2016

In the Matter of Section 210 of the Companies Act (Cap 50)

And

In the matter of UVM Investment Corporation

| UVM Investment Corporation  
---|---  
  
… Applicant

grounds of decision

[Companies]—[Schemes of arrangement]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Re Conchubar Aromatics Ltd and another matter

[2016] SGHC 279

High Court — Originating Summons Nos 153 and 154 of 2016  
Aedit Abdullah JC  
29 August; 6 October 2016

20 December 2016

Aedit Abdullah JC:

Introduction

1 By way of Originating Summons No 153 and 154 of 2016, Conchubar Aromatics
Ltd and UVM Investment Corporation (“Conchubar” and “UVM” respectively and
“the Applicants” collectively) sought the court’s leave for them to each
convene a meeting of their respective creditors for the purpose of considering
and approving a proposed scheme of arrangement (the “proposed Scheme”),
pursuant to s 210 of the Companies Act (Cap 50, 2006 Rev Ed). I granted leave
for the Applicants to convene the said meetings on 18 March 2016. The meetings
took place on 19 May 2016. On 29 August 2016, the Applicants were again before
me to seek the court’s approval of the proposed Scheme, as required under s
210(3AB)(c) of the Companies Act. The applications were opposed by SK
Engineering and Construction Co. Ltd ("SKEC"), a creditor of the Applicants.

Background

2 Conchubar was a company incorporated in the Cayman Islands on 20 August
2010. It had no underlying business and its primary asset was a six per cent
shareholding in Jurong Aromatics Corporation Pte Ltd ("JAC") which it owned
indirectly; Conchubar held 26.7 per cent of the shareholding in SK E&C Jurong
Investment Pte Ltd ("SKECJI") which held 75 per cent of the shareholding in SK
International Investment Singapore Pte Ltd ("SKIIS"), and SKIIS in turn held
30 per cent of the shareholding in JAC. UVM Investment Corporation was a
company incorporated in the British Virgin Islands on 30 September 2009. Like
Conchubar, UVM had no underlying business and its primary asset was a 5.1 per
cent direct shareholding in JAC.

3 JAC was incorporated in Singapore on 30 May 2005 as a joint venture vehicle
to own a project for the development, project financing, construction and
operation of an integrated condensate splitter and aromatics complex on Jurong
Island that would process condensate (a type of light crude oil) and produce
aromatic products and oil products. Delays in the construction of the plant
caused JAC substantial difficulties, and the company was put into receivership
on 28 September 2015. However, construction of the plant had since completed
and it was operational at the time of the hearing before me on 29 August 2016.

4 In late 2015, Jurong Energy International Pte Ltd ("JEI"), a special purpose
vehicle incorporated on 13 July 2015 by the founding investors of JAC, UVM and
Conchubar, submitted to the receivers and managers (“R&M”) of JAC a
restructuring proposal (the "JEI Proposal"). Under this proposal, JEI would
inject some US$550million into JAC in the form of equity, shareholder's loan
and feedstock, in return for 60 per cent shareholding in JAC. The aim was that
the injection of funds would enable JAC to fully repay debts which it owed to
a syndicate of secured finance parties (“the Senior Lenders”). The Senior
Lenders held share charges over some 95 per cent of JAC’s shares.

5 The Applicant’s proposed Scheme was contingent upon the R&M’s acceptance of
the JEI Proposal. The key elements of the proposed Scheme were as follows:

(a) If the R&M accepts the JEI Proposal, and subject to obtaining the
appropriate waivers and consents, JEI will purchase the Applicants' shares in
JAC. In return, the Applicants will receive JEI shares or JEI convertible
bonds of the same or higher value as the Applicants' shares in JAC as will be
determined by third-party valuation. The said JEI shares or JEI convertible
bonds will then be distributed pari passu to the Applicants' creditors.

(b) On the other hand, if the R&M does not accept the JEI Proposal or if one
year has passed from the date of commencement of the proposed Scheme (“the
trigger event”), whichever is earlier, a failsafe payment would kick in
whereby UVM will pay US$300,000 and Conchubar will pay U$650,000 to their
respective creditors on a pari passu basis. The sums are to be paid over 24
months, in four equal instalments every six months. The outstanding debt owed
to the creditors will correspondingly be reduced by the amount of failsafe
payments made. The failsafe payments will be guaranteed by Orient Time Capital
Ltd, a company incorporated in the British Virgin Islands on 6 May 2010.

(c) Within 30 days of the trigger event, the Applicants will give notice to
their respective creditors as to whether they intend to propose a new scheme.
If the Applicants intend to propose a new scheme, they will have liberty to
convene the respective creditors' meetings for the voting on the new scheme
within 60 days. The new scheme, if successfully approved, will supersede the
originally proposed scheme.

6 Conchubar and UVM each convened a meeting of their respective creditors to
vote on the proposed Scheme on 19 May 2016 (“the Scheme Meetings”). The voting
results were as follows:

(a) Creditors of Conchubar

Creditor| Total Proof of Debts (US$)| Vote For| Vote Against  
---|---|---|---  
Conchubar Chemicals Ltd (“Chemicals”)| 50,000,000.00| 65.5%|  
Universal Petrochem Corp. Ltd (“Universal”)| 10,599,174.00| 13.9%|  
Estanil Assets Ltd (“Estanil”)| 1,150,912.00| 1.5%|  
SKEC| 14,527,732.33| | 19.0%  
Total| 76,277,818.33| 81.0%| 19.0%  
  
(b) Creditors of UVM

Creditor| Total Proof of Debts (US$)| Vote For| Vote Against  
---|---|---|---  
MacNair Group Inc (“MacNair”)| 28,000,000.00| 86.8%|  
Shefford Investment Holdings Ltd (“Shefford”)| 317,651.00| -|  
Emirates Resources Inc (“Emirates”) | 136,462.00| 0.4%|   
SKEC| 4,129,333.57| | 12.8%  
Total| 32,583,446.57| 87.2%| 12.8%  
  
7 With respect to the creditors of Conchubar, the basis of Chemicals’ claim
against the company was a Corporate Guarantee Agreement dated 25 August 2010
under which Conchubar guaranteed a loan of US$50 million made by Chemicals to
SKECJI, which SKECJI used to subscribe to JAC shares (see [2] above). SKECJI
defaulted on the loan and on 25 August 2015, Chemicals demanded Conchubar's
immediate payment of the guaranteed sum. Universal and Estanil became
creditors of Conchubar when on 30 April 2015, Chemicals separately assigned to
them portions of its claim against Conchubar. The claim assigned to Universal
was US$10,422,000 while that to Estanil was US$1,131,673. SKEC was a judgment
creditor of Conchubar.

8 As for the creditors of UVM, the basis of MacNair’s claim against the
company was a loan of US$28 million which it granted to UVM for UVM's equity
investment in JAC shares. In conjunction with this loan, MacNair, UVM and
Bonquest Chemical Limited ("Bonquest") (sole shareholder of UVM) entered into
a Convertible Bond Agreement (“CBA”) dated 31 March 2011, for MacNair to
subscribe for convertible bonds in UVM in the sum of US$28 million. This
constituted approximately 99.82% of the issued share capital of UVM upon
conversion. Further, Bonquest granted a charge to MacNair over all its rights,
title and interest in Bonquest's shares in UVM. Emirates became a creditor of
UVM when on 30 April 2015, MacNair assigned to it a portion (US$134,181.00) of
its claim against UVM. SKEC was also a judgment creditor of UVM. The remaining
creditor, Shefford, did not vote on the proposed Scheme since its proof of
debts was submitted after the deadline set by the Scheme Manager, and the
appointed liquidators of Shefford attended the meeting on 19 May 2016 only as
an observer.

Relevant Parties’ Positions

9 The Applicants urged the court to sanction the proposed Scheme as all the
requirements had been met. No allegations had been made that the Scheme
Meetings were improperly constituted or that the voting process was improper.
The requisite statutory majority set out under s 210(3AB) of the Companies Act
had been achieved, ie a majority in number representing 75 per cent in value
of the creditors had voted in favour of the proposed Scheme in both cases with
respect to Conchubar and UVM. The Applicants maintained that the creditors who
had voted in favour of the proposed Scheme were not related to Conchubar or
UVM, and that even if they were related, no discount ought to be applied to
their votes. The proposed Scheme was also not a scheme which no reasonable
creditor would agree to.

10 SKEC, on the other hand, argued that all the creditors that had voted in
favour of the proposed Scheme at the Scheme Meetings were related to Conchubar
or UVM; Chemicals was related to Conchubar, while MacNair was related to UVM.
Universal, Estanil and Emirates were also related parties by virtue that their
claims against Conchubar or UVM were assigned from Chemicals or MacNair. SKEC
thus urged the court to completely disregard the votes of all of the said
creditors, ie to apply a discount of 100 per cent to all of their votes.
Further, SKEC contended that the proposed Scheme was bad for lack of certainty
and that its intended outcomes were unattainable. SKEC also alleged that the
Applicants had not acted bona fide and had acted dishonestly, in engineering
the voting outcome by orchestrating the assignment of portions of the debts
they owed to related creditors (Chemicals and MacNair) to friendly entities in
order to secure the requisites statutory majority of 75 per cent in value and
50 per cent in number during the Scheme meetings.

11 The proposed Scheme Manager opined that it was possible that Chemicals
might be related to Conchubar because they shared a common sole shareholder,
Conchubar Infrastructure Fund ("Fund"), and also a common director, Mr Pardeep
Dhir ("Pardeep"), who was also a director of the Fund.

12 The R&M of JAC indicated that the JEI Proposal, in its present terms, was
not acceptable to them. They were, however, prepared to consider future
proposals from JEI.

13 BNP Paribas (Singapore Branch) acted as the Security Agent of the Senior
Lenders. The Security Agent noted that the proposed Scheme contemplated that
the Applicants would sell their shares in JAC to JEI. However, the proposed
Scheme did not specify how the sale was to be done; the Security Agent was of
the view that the contemplated sale of the shares would be in breach of the
terms of the relevant share charges, which it was not prepared to waive. That
said, the Security Agent noted that the Applicants had stated in affidavit
that the JEI Proposal was an “ongoing process of negotiation between JEI and
the R&M”, and they, like the R&M, were “prepared to consider further proposals
from JEI”.

The Decision

14 Having considered the affidavits and arguments, I was of the view that
sanction should be granted under s 210(3AB) of the Companies Act for the
proposed Scheme.

15 The burden of proving that the proposed Scheme met the requisite statutory
majority set out under s 210(3AB) of the Companies Act was on the Applicants.
In the present case, the requirement was, on the face of the voting results
(see [6]), met. SKEC argued that all creditors other than itself that had
voted at the Scheme meetings were related. It was for SKEC to prove this; he
who asserts a fact must prove it. This is a basic rule of evidence that is
enshrined in s 105 of the Evidence Act (Cap 97, 1997 Rev Ed). I was, at the
end, persuaded that Chemicals was indeed related to Conchubar, and MacNair and
Emirates to UVM.

16 The question, however, was in determining what the appropriate discount
that should be applied to take into account the relationship was. The
difficulty in applying the guidance set out by the Court of Appeal in The
Royal Bank of Scotland NV (formerly known as ABN Amro Bank NV) and others v TT
International Ltd and another appeal [2012] 2 SLR 213 (“TT International”) was
that unlike in that case, here we were not faced with creditors that were
wholly-owned subsidiaries of Conchubar or UVM, and no valuation was given to
MacNair’s (and Emirates’) interests in UVM’s shareholding. In a situation like
this, the court would need to adopt a broad brush approach in determining the
appropriate discount, informed by the relationships in question and consider
previous conduct of the parties. While an applicant bears the burden of
proving that all statutory requirements for a proposed scheme have been met,
in the face of an assertion by the applicant that no discount ought to be
applied, the opposing party should bring into court evidence that supports its
own case of what the appropriate discount ought to be and that rebuts the
applicant’s stand. In the present case, SKEC did refer me to several matters,
but I was of the view that any discount to be applied was not to exceed 25 per
cent of the value of the debt owed to the related creditors. Such a discount
did not sufficiently tilt the balance. The requisite majority set out in s
210(3AB) of the Companies was still met in respect of the proposed Scheme for
both Conchubar and UVM despite the discount.

17 I was mindful of the stance taken by the R&M of JAC and of the Security
Agent. However, I was of the view that this alone did not, in the present
case, called for the sanction to be denied. In coming to this conclusion, I
took into account the stance conveyed by the R&M and the Security Agent that
they appreciated that the JEI Proposal was an ongoing process of negotiation
and were prepared to consider further proposals from JEI.

18 The proposed Scheme was contingent upon R&M’s acceptance of JEI proposal.
Neither authority nor reason dictate that a court must not sanction a proposed
scheme simply because it was contingent on some events occurring or not
occurring. There can be no blanket rule on when contingencies and conditions
may render a scheme so uncertain or amorphous that it should not be approved.
Much depends on the structure of the proposed scheme and the circumstances.
Here, I was satisfied that the existence of the provisions for the failsafe
payments provided sufficient clarity as to what the proposed scheme, at its
minimum, would be. Such a scheme would also not be the sort that could not
obtain support from any reasonable creditor or voter.

19 As to the allegation that the Applicants had not acted bona fide and had
acted dishonestly in engineering the voting outcome, I found that there was
insufficient evidence pointing to such a conclusion.

Analysis

General principles

20 In TT International, the Court of Appeal (at [80]) set out the following
three requirements that a court must be satisfied of before it can sanction a
scheme under s 210 of the Companies Act:

(a) The statutory provisions have been complied with. For example, the court
must be satisfied that the resolution was passed by the requisite statutory
majority at a meeting of the company’s creditors or members (as the case may
be) duly convened and held in accordance with the court order convening the
meeting.

(b) Those who attended the meeting were fairly representative of the class of
creditors or the class of members (where applicable), and that the statutory
majority did not coerce the minority in order to promote interests adverse to
those of the class whom the statutory majority purported to represent.

(c) The court must be satisfied that the scheme is one which a man of business
or an intelligent and honest man, being a member of the class concerned and
acting in respect of his interest, would reasonably approve.

21 In the present case, no allegations were made that the Scheme Meetings were
not duly constituted, that the voting process was improper, or that there was
insufficient or unfair representation of the creditors involved. The dispute
was mainly in whether the creditors that had voted in favour of the proposed
Scheme at the Scheme Meetings were related to the Conchubar or UVM (as the
case may be) such that their votes ought to be discounted, and whether with
the discount, the requisite statutory majority was still met.

Votes from related creditors – the law

22 For voting purposes, s 210(3) requires the creditors to be divided into
separate classes if “their rights are so dissimilar that they cannot sensibly
consult together with a view to their common interest”: UDL Argos Engineering
& Heavy Industries Co Ltd v Li Oi Lin [2001] 3 HKLRD 634 (“UDL Argos”) at
[27], as cited by the Court of Appeal in Wah Yuen Electrical Engineering Pte
Ltd v Singapore Cables Manufacturers Pte Ltd [2003] 3 SLR(R) 629 (“Wah Yuen”)
at [11]. However, related party creditors do not have to vote as a separate
class simply because they are related creditors, as the test for
classification of the creditors is “based on similarity or dissimilarity of
legal rights against the company, not on similarity or dissimilarity of
interests not derived from such legal rights”, such that “the fact that
individuals may hold divergent views based on their private interests not
derived from their legal rights against the company is not a ground for
calling separate meetings”: Wah Yuen at [13]; UDL Argos at [17] and [27].

23 However, this does not mean that any private interests that related
creditors may have will be ignored by the court in its determination of
whether or not to sanction a proposed scheme. Quite the contrary, as noted by
the Court of Appeal in TT International (at [155]), it is “the norm for the
votes of related party creditors to be discounted in light of their special
interests to support a proposed scheme by virtue of their relationship to the
company”.

24 The overarching consideration of a court asked to sanction a proposed
scheme is whether the proposed scheme is a fair one: Re Halley’s Departmental
Store Pte Ltd [1996] 1 SLR(R) 81 at [16]. Fairness requires that creditors who
will be affected by the proposed scheme in similar ways (at least in so far as
the enforcement of their legal rights against the company is concerned) must
be afforded a proper opportunity to be present at the meeting(s) at which the
proposal is to be considered and to indicate their choice by casting their
votes. This is the underlying rationale behind the requirement under s 210 of
the Companies Act for creditors to vote in different classes. Unanimity within
each class is, however, not required for approval of the scheme, so long as
the requisite statutory majority is met. The law recognises that creditors are
normally the best judges of what is in their commercial interests, and that it
will not be fair for the intentions of the majority who have assessed a
proposed scheme as best serving their interests to be frustrated by the views
of a minority which may happen to have a different commercial sense. This
assumes, however, that the majority, in casting their votes, exercised
independent, objective judgment with their commercial interests as creditors
of the class as their primary consideration, as otherwise, their vote cannot
be said to be representative of the class. I respectfully agree with and adopt
the following views of Lord Millet NPJ in UDL Argos (at [25]):

Normally the Court…regards businessmen as much better judges of what is to
their commercial advantage than the Court could be. But this assumes that they
are voting in what they honestly believe to be the interests of the class of
which they are members. But this may not be the case if they have some private
interest of their own which is not shared by other members of the class. As
Adam J explained in Re Chevron (Sydney) Ltd at p.255:

"The true position appears to be that where the members of a class have
divergent interests because some have and others have not interests in a
company other than as members of the class the Court may treat the result of
the voting at the meeting of the class as not necessarily representing the
views of the class as such, and thus should apply with more reserve in such a
case the proposition that the members of the class are better judges of what
is to their commercial advantage than the Court can be. In so far as members
of a class have in fact voted for a scheme not because it benefits them as
members of the class but because it gives them benefits in some other
capacity, their votes would of course, in a sense, not reflect the view of the
class as such although they are counted for the purposes of determining
whether the statutory majority has been obtained at the meeting of the class."

25 Similar observations were made by the Supreme Court of New South Wales in
Re Landmark Corporation Ltd [1968] 1 NSWR 759 (“Re Landmark Corporation”),
where Street J stated (at 767) that:

[Where] [I]t is difficult to attribute to the management of…associated
Companies any motive which would differ from the motive of [the scheme
company), I am of the view that their votes could have little, if any, weight
when using the voting at the meeting as having probative force in establishing
what is best in the interests of the class of ordinary unsecured creditors…I
cannot regard the votes of [these] associated companies as indicative of the
wishes of members of the class of unsecured creditors in respect of what is
best to be done in the interests of that class….

The above observations have been endorsed by the Court of Appeal in TT
International (at [159]).

26 The court is thus mindful of the possibility that a “related party may have
been motivated by personal or special interests to disregard the interests of
the class as such and vote in a self-centred manner”, and it is for this
reason that “courts have consistently attributed less weight to [their votes]
when asked to exercise their discretion in favour of a scheme”: Wah Yuen at
[35]; TT International at [154]. The Court of Appeal did not state what
“special interests” encompasses, and the Applicants in the present matter
urged me to define it narrowly (see [33] below). In my view, considering the
underlying reasons, as outlined above, for why courts have usually attributed
less weight to the votes of related creditors, “special interests” is not a
term of art and neither should it be construed narrowly; it simply means
interests that a party may have that differ from that of ordinary, independent
and objective creditors of the same class that may cause that party to
exercise its vote in a manner that differs from that of ordinary, independent
and objective creditors of the class.

Whether the creditors were related

Conchubar and Chemicals

27 It was not disputed that Conchubar and Chemicals shared a common sole
shareholder, the Fund, and a common director, Pardeep, who was also a director
of the Fund. On this basis, SKEC contended that Conchubar and Chemicals were
related. Conchubar denied that it was related to Chemicals. Conchubar
maintained that the Fund was a holding vehicle of multiple investment
companies, and that it held these investment companies in trust for various
ultimate beneficial owners ("UBOs"). The UBOs were the sole decision makers
for each of the investment companies, and they make decisions independently of
each other based on their own interests. Pardeep was merely a proxy director
who took instructions from them. This was supported by relevant declarations
of trust and statutory declarations enclosed in the Scheme Manager's final
report on the Proposed Scheme. SKEC alleged that these declarations were
suspicious, but did not raise any evidence on how they were so.

28 Further, SKEC provided two examples which it said demonstrated that
Conchubar and Chemicals acted as a single entity. The first example related to
Conchubar’s and Chemical’s investments in SKECJI, a company established by
SKEC and Conchubar for the purpose of investing in JAC through SKIIS. Two
clauses in the SKECJI Shareholders’ Agreement (“SKECJI SHA”) were central to
SKEC’s argument. The recital of the SKECJI SHA had a clause (the “Convertible
Bond Clause”) which provided as follows:

(D) [Chemicals] is contemplated to subscribe for US$90 million aggregate
principle amount of convertible bonds (the “Convertible Bonds”) convertible
into Shares.

The other clause in the SKECJI SHA that was relevant was clause 9.1 (“Clause
9.1”), which stated that:

In the event the Company is required, pursuant to and subject to the SKIIS
Shareholders Agreement, to subscribe for additional ordinary shares of SKIIS
or otherwise contribute additional capital to SKIIS, Conchubar and SKEC shall
contribute to the funding requirement of the Company, up to the funding limits
set forth in the SKIIS Shareholders Agreement, which are, as of the date
hereof, set forth below, in proportion to their respective Investment Interest
to enable to Company to comply with the requirements under the SKIIS
Shareholders Agreement.

Name of Shareholder Total funding limit

Conchubar US$99,000,000

SKEC US$24,750,000

29 SKEC argued that Clause 9.1 imposed on Conchubar an obligation to provide
funding of up to US$99 million. However, Conchubar paid only US$9 million, and
the remaining US$90 million was paid by Chemicals pursuant to the Convertible
Bond Clause. SKEC submitted that it was not merely coincidental that the US$9
million that Conchubar paid and the value of bond subscription by Chemicals
pursuant to the Convertible Bond Clause added up to exactly US$99 million,
which was what Chonchubar was obliged to pay pursuant to Clause 9.1; the
SKECJI was deliberately structured in this manner, with the intention that
shortfalls in Conchubar’s payment obligations would be made good by Chemicals
by way of convertible bond subscription. This, SKEC concluded, showed that
Chemicals had treated Conchubar’s promised investment of US$90 million as
constituting its own investment in SKECJI, and that the two companies were
therefore acting as a single entity. Conchubar disagreed. Conchubar pointed
out, rightly in my view, that under Clause 9.1, Conchubar was not obliged to
contribute US$99 million; that amount was merely a funding limit. Chemicals
had subscribed to the convertible bonds as a separate investor of SKECJI, and
the US$90 million it contributed through the subscription was not related to
Conchubar’s funding obligation under Clause 9.1. There was no clear evidence
that the amounts stated in the Convertible Bond Clause and Clause 9.1 were
linked, and I was not persuaded that Chemicals’ subscription to the
convertible bonds, without more, showed that it had treated Conchubar’s
investment obligations as its own. However, I took the circumstances here into
account in my overall assessment of whether Conchubar and Chemicals were
related.

30 The second example of how, according to SKEC, Conchubar and Chemicals had
acted as a single entity related to a deed (the “Deed”) that SKEC and
Conchubar entered into pursuant to the SKECJI SHA. Under the Convertible Bond
Clause of the SKECJI SHA, it was contemplated that Chemicals would subscribe
for US$90 million of convertible bonds. According to SKEC, by the time that
the Deed was entered into, Chemicals had only paid US$21.5 million of the
US$90 million. SKEC said that under the Deed, SKEC agreed to pay Conchubar’s
portion of its funding obligations to SKECJI in exchange for Conchubar’s
assurance that Chemicals would diligently fulfil its remaining payment
obligations to SKECJI, and that this showed that Conchubar and Chemicals had
conducted themselves as a de facto single entity. Conchubar denied that it had
ever made such assurances.

31 It was true that the Deed did not expressly state that Conchubar assured
SKEC that Chemicals would diligently fulfil its payment obligations to SKECJI.
But I found that the Deed did contain several provisions which stated that
SKEC would fulfil certain payment obligations of Conchubar and/or waive its
rights and remedies against Conchubar should Conchubar fail to satisfy its
obligations under the SKECJI SHA, provided that Chemicals was not in default
of its payment obligations to SKECJI. In other words, if Chemicals fulfils its
obligations, Conchubar gets some benefits. Some of the provisions are
reproduced below:

4\. Provided always that [Chemicals] is not in default [its obligation to
subscribe to the convertible bonds pursuant to the SKECJI SHA], SKEC
undertakes that (a): SKEC shall not regard any non-satisfaction of the Payment
Obligations on the part of Conchubar as a breach of the [SKECJI SHA] and SKEC
waives all rights and remedies against Conchubar in all such respect…

5\. The parties acknowledge that the Payment Obligations may require Conchubar
to provide funding…towards the procurement and issuance of Acceptable Credit
Support and that such Acceptable Credit Support may be provided in the form of
a standby letter of credit (“Standby Letter of Credit”). SKEC shall be
responsible for Conchubar’s portion of the Standby letter of Credit provided
that Conchubar Chemicals is not in default of [its obligation to subscribe to
the convertible bonds pursuant to the SKECJI SHA]...

32 The inclusion of the above provisions in the Deed was reasonably expected
to have been the result of a negotiated outcome between the parties. This,
together with the other circumstances set out above (see [27] and [29] above),
suggested to me that there was some kind of relationship between Conchubar and
Chemicals.

33 Conchubar argued that even if the court accepted SKEC’s allegations that
Chemicals and Conchuar had a close relationship, this did not axiomatically
mean that Chemicals was a related party creditor. An argument was made that
although the Court of Appeal in TT International did not define the kind of
"special interest" that a creditor must have in the scheme company in order to
be considered a related party creditor, it ought to be limited to the specific
situation where the creditor and the scheme company are related by way of
shareholding. I rejected this argument, given my views as expressed in [26]
above that the term “special interests” was not to be construed narrowly. I
found that Chemicals was related to Conchubar and that accordingly, a discount
ought to be applied to the votes casted by Chemicals at Conchubar’s Scheme
Meeting.

Conchubar and Universal, and Conchubar and Estanil

34 SKEC contended that as Chemicals was related to Conchubar, and since
Chemicals had assigned portions of its claim against Conchubar to Universal
and Estanil, both Universal and Estanil were also related creditors to
Conchubar. I was not so persuaded. The bases on which SKEC argued that
Chemicals was related to Conchubar were that (a) Chemicals and Conchubar
shared a common sole shareholder and a common director; and (b) Chemicals and
Conchubar had acted as a single entity on at least two occasions (see above).
No allegations had been made that like Chemicals, Universal and Estanil shared
similar linkages with Conchubar. Such linkages were not established by the
mere assignment of portions of Chemicals’ claim against Conchubar (which arose
from a separate Corporate Guarantee Agreement under which Conchubar guaranteed
a loan made by Chemicals to SKECJI: see [7] above) to Universal and Estanil. I
therefore found that there was insufficient evidence that Universal and
Estanil were related to Conchubar.

UVM and MacNair

35 The basis of MacNair’s claim against UVM was a loan of US$28 million (see
[8] above). In conjunction with this loan, MacNair, UVM and Bonquest entered
into the CBA under which MacNair may convert the debt owed to it by UVM into
shares constituting 99.82 per cent of UVM’s share capital. The sum was also
secured by a share charge executed by Bonquest over its shares in UVM. SKEC
submitted, and I accepted, that MacNair was a related creditor of UVM by
virtue of the security in the form of the share charge that it held over
shares in UVM. The present situation was similar to that in TT International.
In that case, a shareholder of the scheme company, as well as a bank which had
provided banking facilities to the scheme company secured by shares in the
scheme company, were both considered by the Court of Appeal as related
creditors.

UVM and Emirates

36 Emirates became a creditor of UVM when MacNair assigned to it a portion of
its claim against UVM. To the extent of that assignment, Emirates, like
MacNair (see above), might convert the debt owed to it by UVM into shares of
UVM, and the debt was also covered by the share charge executed by Bonquest
over its UVM shares. By the same reasoning as above, Emirates, like MacNair,
was also a related creditor of UVM.

The discount to be applied to the votes of the related creditors

37 Having determined that Chemicals, MacNair and Emirates were related
creditors, the next question was whether and to what extent their votes at the
Scheme Meetings should be discounted. The Applicants and SKEC chose to adopt
extreme positions, with the Applicants maintaining that no discount at all
ought to be applied and SKEC contending that a 100 per cent discount was
appropriate. I was not persuaded by either argument.

38 In TT International, the Court of Appeal held that where a related creditor
was a wholly-owned subsidiary of the scheme company, its votes ought to be
wholly discounted, ie a 100 per cent discount was to be applied: see [158] of
the judgment. Where a related creditor was a shareholder of the scheme company
or held as security shares of the scheme company, then the votes of that
creditor could be discounted by the value of the scheme company’s shares that
was owned or held as security by the related creditor, as ascertained on the
date when the scheme documents were dispatched to the creditors (the
“ascertainment date”): see [170] of judgment read with [17].

39 The difficulty in applying the guidance set out in TT International in this
case was that here, we were not faced with creditors that were wholly-owned
subsidiaries of Conchubar or UVM, and no valuation could be given to MacNair’s
and Emirates’ interests in UVM’s shareholding as at the ascertainment date.
UVM said that as at the ascertainment date, it was insolvent. It had no
underlying businesses and its primary asset was in the JAC shares which had
been pledged to the Senior Lenders and thus could not be unilaterally disposed
of. Hence, UVM argued, that from the point of view of its shareholders, its
shares must be of zero value. Accordingly, the value of the alleged interest
of MacNair and Emirates in UVM would correspondingly be zero in value, and the
discount on their votes would be zero as well. I was not convinced that the
value of UVM’s shares from the perspective of the shareholders (or of MacNair
and Emirates) must be zero. As pointed out by SKEC, although JAC was in
receivership, it had recently began operations and there was a prospect that
it might become profitable. This would translate to an increase in value of
UVM’s shares. I acknowledged that valuation of UVM’s shares might not be an
easy task, but this certainly did not mean that a zero value should be
attributed to the shares.

40 It was to me clear that Chemicals, MacNair and Emirates were related to the
Applicants, and some discount had to be applied to their votes at the Scheme
Meeting to take that into account, despite the difficulties in ascertaining
the specific discount. In a situation such as the present, the court remained
guided by general principles. At [26] above, it is stated that the reason why
“courts have consistently attributed less weight” to the votes of related
credits was because of the possibility that that a “related party may have
been motivated by personal or special interests to disregard the interests of
the class as such and vote in a self-centred manner”. Hence, in determining
what the appropriate discount ought to be in a given case, the overarching
question is to what extent a related creditor’s voting decision was influenced
by its relationship to the scheme company, such that it was not able to
exercise its decision independently as an objective member of the class of
creditors. In extreme cases where the related creditor was entirely controlled
by the scheme company (such as where the creditor was a wholly-owned
subsidiary of the scheme company), it would be clear that their interests
would be wholly aligned with that of the scheme company, such that their votes
at the scheme meetings could not have any probative value in establishing the
wishes of members of the class of creditors in respect of what was best to be
done in the interests of that class, and accordingly must be wholly
discounted: see TT International at [158] and Re Landmark Corporation, as
cited at [25] above. But outside of these extreme cases, relationships between
related creditors and the scheme companies may be complex and the court will
not in these cases be able to determine with scientific precision what the
appropriate discount ought to be. Instead, the court needs to adopt a broad-
brushed approach, informed by the relationships in question and consider
previous conduct of the parties. Such was the approach that had to be taken in
the present case.

41 The applicant under s 210 of the Companies Act bears the burden of proving
that all statutory requirements for a proposed scheme have been met. However,
in the face of an assertion by an applicant that no discount ought to be
applied, the party that asserts otherwise should bring into court evidence
that supports its own case and that rebuts the applicant’s stand. SKEC did
refer me to several matters demonstrating the extent of the relationship
between the creditors and the Applicants (see [27] – [36] above), but I was of
the view that any discount to be applied was not to exceed 25 per cent of the
value of the debt owed to the related creditors, in each case with respect to
Conchubar and UVM. Such a discount did not sufficiently tilt the balance. The
requisite majority set out in s 210(3AB) of the Companies was still met in
respect of the proposed Scheme for both Conchubar and UVM despite the
discount.

Whether the proposed Scheme was bad for being a contingent scheme or for
uncertainty

42 SKEC argued that the intended outcomes of the proposed Scheme was
unattainable as it was doomed for failure, because it was contingent upon the
acceptance of the JEI Proposal by the R&M of JAC, and the R&M had already
indicated that the JEI Proposal was not acceptable (see [12] above). Further,
the proposed Scheme contemplated the transfer of the Applicants’ interests in
JAC to JEI, but the Security Agent had expressed the view that this would be
in breach of the terms of relevant share charges, which it was not prepared to
waive (see [13] above). SKEC then took issue with clause 2.3 (“Clause 2.3”) of
the proposed Scheme, which provided as follows:

Within 30 days of the earlier of (i) one (1) year from the date of this Scheme
and (ii) the date that the [Applicants] receives notice from JEI that the [JEI
Proposal] had been rejected by the Receivers (the “Expiry Date”), the
[Applicants] shall give notice to the Eligible Creditors as to whether it
intends to propose a new Scheme. If the [Companies] intend to propose a new
Scheme, it shall have the liberty to convene an Eligible Creditors Meeting for
the Eligible Creditors to vote on the new Scheme within 60 days thereby
superseding this Scheme if accepted.

SKEC submitted that the JEI Proposal had already been unequivocally rejected
by the R&M, such that if this court should sanction the proposed Scheme, then
the “Expiry Date” defined in Clause 2.3 would immediately take effect. Clause
2.3, SKEC argued, effectively allowed the Applicants to propose new schemes
and circumvent the statutory procedure under s 210(1) of the Companies Act
that would necessitate a fresh application to the Court for leave to convene
creditors’ meetings. Further, citing the judgment of Santow J in the New South
Wales case of Re NRMA Ltd [2000] NSWSC 82 (“Re NRMA”), SKEC submitted that the
Scheme was bad for lack of certainty, as it carried within itself machinery
for variation of its own terms, and did not allow the creditors or the court
to see at the time the scheme was proposed what they were being asked to
accept or approve. The Applicants cited the same case in support of their
position that the proposed Scheme was sufficiently certain.

43 I was mindful of the stance taken thus far by the R&M of JAC and of the
Security Agent. However, I did not share the view of SKEC that the
circumstances, as they presently appeared, pointed unequivocally to the
intended outcomes of the proposed Scheme as being certainly unattainable and
doomed for failure. The Applicants had stated in affidavit that the JEI
Proposal was an “ongoing process of negotiation between JEI and the R&M”, and
both the R&M and the Security Agent had indicated that they were “prepared to
consider further proposals from JEI” (see [12] and [13] above).

44 As for the allegation on uncertainty, the proposed Scheme was contingent
upon the R&M’s acceptance of JEI proposal. Counsel for the Applicants pointed
out to me that no local authority had directly addressed whether or not a
court may sanction contingent schemes, but referred me to several foreign
cases which I found useful to the present analysis. I respectfully adopt the
following passages of Santow J in Re NRMA (at [28] and [29]):

28\. The use of conditions subsequent to bring about termination of a scheme
of arrangement needs to be distinguished from a scheme containing machinery
which could lead to variation of its terms. Courts will generally not approve
schemes which carry within themselves machinery for variation of their own
terms: see, for example, Re R M Eastmond Pty Ltd and the Companies Act (1972)
4 ACLR 801; Re Telford Inns Pty Ltd (1985) 3 ACLC 660; Re Leamon Consolidated
(Vic) Pty Ltd (1985) 10 ACLR 263. The reason for that is stated in Leamon (at
265):

"In my opinion, a scheme ... ought not to be approved unless the creditors and
the court can see very clearly at the time the scheme is proposed what it is
that they are being asked to accept, and, in the case of the court, what it is
that it is being asked to approve".

29\. Clarity and certainty are thus the touchstones. Provided that clarity and
certainty are present on the face of the scheme and no new decision making
process intrudes after court approval, it does not matter that different
results may emerge in different (but clearly identified) eventualities. A key
question is whether the scheme is, according to its own terms, self-executing
in the sense that certain results follow in certain defined events.

45 Similarly, in Re Homemaker Retail Management [2001] NSWSC 1058, Barrett J
said (at [17]):

Even if the possibility of alteration has been sufficiently identified and
explained, there is still a clear and firm predisposition of the court not to
favour provisions allowing schemes to be changed after they have received
court approval. The point was made in stark terms by Street J (as he then was)
in Re R M Eastmond Pty Ltd (1972) 4 ACLR 801 at 804 :

... No scheme compulsorily imposed under the authority of the court under s
181 should be capable of amendment by machinery internal to the scheme itself.

46 The position is the same in the UK. In Re Lombard Medical Technologies Plc
[2014] EWHC 2457 (Ch), Henderson J stated (at [26]):

I can see no objection in principle to the court sanctioning a scheme which is
conditional in one or more respects, provided always that the court considers
it appropriate to do so in the exercise of its discretion. Examples of the
kind of condition which the court may be willing to sanction, even if they are
unsatisfied at the date of the hearing, are outstanding requirements for
foreign regulatory approval which there is no reason to suppose will not be
granted. Further, the terms of the scheme itself may provide that it will
cease to have effect in certain circumstances, for example if the steps
contemplated are not taken before a specified long-stop date. By contrast, the
court would be most unlikely to sanction a scheme if the outstanding condition
was one which in effect conferred on a third party the right to decide
whether, or when, the scheme should come into operation, or which enabled the
terms of the scheme to be varied in some material respect. The objection then
would be that the court was not truly in a position to consider the merits of
the scheme, so it could not properly exercise the jurisdiction conferred on it
by Parliament to approve the scheme on behalf of all members of the relevant
class or classes of shareholders.

47 In my view, there was neither authority nor reason that a court must never
sanction a scheme simply because it was contingent on some events occurring or
not occurring. The focus of the analysis ought to be whether the scheme was
sufficiently clear and certain so as to allow creditors to make an informed
choice when exercising their votes: see Wah Yuen at [42], where it was stated
that “it is an independent principle of law that the creditors must be put in
a position to make an informed choice”. There was no blanket rule on when
contingencies and conditions may render a scheme so uncertain or amorphous
that it should not be approved. Much would depend on the structure of the
proposed scheme and on the specific circumstances. That said, several common
principles could be distilled from the authorities cited above and they
provide general guidance:

(a) A scheme ought not to be approved unless the creditors and the court can
see very clearly at the time the scheme is proposed what it is that they are
being asked to accept or approve.

(b) A scheme containing machinery which could lead to variation of its terms
is to be distinguished from the use of conditions subsequent to bring about
termination of a scheme of arrangement.

(i) In the former case, courts will generally not approve schemes which carry
within themselves machinery for their own terms to be changed after they have
received court approval.

(ii) In the latter case, however, a scheme may provide for different results
(including termination of the scheme) to emerge from different eventualities.
This alone is no reason for a court to refuse to sanction the scheme, provided
that the scheme clearly sets out what kind of results would follow on the
occurrence of certain clearly defined events.

48 In the present case, I was of the view that the proposed Scheme was
sufficiently clear and certain. In particular, the proposed Scheme provided
for failsafe payments in the event that the R&M did not accept the JEI
Proposal, or on the expiry of one year from the date of commencement of the
proposed Scheme. There was thus sufficient clarity and certainty as to what
the proposed Scheme, at its minimum, would be. As for Clause 2.3, it was not
to be construed as providing a machinery for a third party to change the terms
of the scheme; it merely provided that the Applicants might propose a new
scheme and might convene a creditors’ meeting to vote on that new scheme. The
creditors must still accept the newly proposed scheme before it could take
effect.

Whether the proposed Scheme was one which a reasonable creditor would approve

49 I was further of the view that the proposed Scheme was not one that would
not obtain any support from any reasonable creditor or voter. I noted that if
the proposed Scheme did not succeed, the alternative course for the creditors
would be to commence liquidation proceedings against the Applicants, in which
case it would be uncertain as to how much of their debts they would be able to
recover. This was because the Applicants had no underlying businesses and
their primary asset was their shares in JAC which were pledged to the Senior
Lenders and thus could not be unilaterally disposed of. In any event, JAC had
been put under receivership and the value of its shares was difficult to
ascertain (see [39] above). On the other hand, under the proposed Scheme, the
Applicants' creditors were, at the minimum, guaranteed the failsafe payments.

Other allegations

50 There was insufficient evidence that the Applicants had acted dishonestly
in engineering the voting outcome or had not acted bona fide in making the
applications.

Orders made

51 In light of the above, I granted the sanction for the proposed Scheme
pursuant to s 210(3AB) of the Companies Act. Further, I ordered that:

(a) Pursuant to section 210(10) of the Companies Act, all pending, contingent
or fresh suits, actions or proceedings against the Applicants or any
enforcement or execution against any of their assets shall be restrained for
one year unless otherwise ordered by the court, but such restraint does not in
any event bind or affect the interests of the R&M of JAC or the Security
Agent;

(b) The Applicants shall send to the court and the scheme creditors, by way of
letter every two months, a status update on the progress of the approved
scheme of arrangement; and

(c) The Applicants, SKEC and any interested party shall return to Court for a
status conference approximately three months from the date of the order, on a
date to be fixed by the Registry.

52 I made no order as to costs.

Leave to appeal

53 On 7 September 2016, SKEC applied, via Summons No. 4396 of 2016, for leave
to appeal against my orders set out at [51] above (“the Orders”). I heard the
parties on 6 October 2016. The situation was a unique one because it was SKEC,
the intended appellant, who took the position that leave was required for it
to file an appeal, while the Applicants, as the prospective respondents, were
of the view that leave was not required. SKEC took the view that leave was
required for it to file an appeal, pursuant to s 34(2)(d) of the Supreme Court
of Judicature Act (Cap 322, 2007 Rev Ed) (“SCJA”), as it regarded the Orders
as interlocutory orders made at the hearing of an interlocutory application.
The Applicants was of the view that the Orders were not interlocutory orders
and they were not made at a hearing of an interlocutory application.

54 In The “Nasco Gem” [2014] 2 SLR 63 (“Nasco Gem”), the Court of Appeal held
(at [14]) that an interlocutory application, in the context of the SCJA, meant
“an application [that] is peripheral to the main hearing determining the
outcome of the case, or [that] occurs during the course of proceedings between
the initiation of the action and the final determination”. As for the question
of whether an order made at the hearing of an interlocutory application was an
“interlocutory order", an order that “finally disposes of the rights of the
parties” was not an “interlocutory order”: Nasco Gem at [13] – [14].

55 I was of the view that leave to appeal was not required in the present
case, as the Applicants’ applications were not interlocutory applications and,
in any event, the Orders were not interlocutory orders. The applications were
not interlocutory in nature as they were not “peripheral” to any “main hearing
determining the outcome of the case”. The outcome sought by Conchubar and UVM
was the court’s sanction of the proposed Scheme with the accompanying
moratoriums for the proposed Scheme to take effect. The applications were made
to determine that very outcome. Once the applications were determined, the
entire subject matter of Originating Summons No 153 and 154 of 2016 was spent
and there was nothing more to proceed on. The Orders were also not
interlocutory orders as they finally disposed of the rights of the parties;
the Orders were made pursuant to s 210(3AB) of the Companies Act and under s
210, a court-sanctioned scheme was binding on the creditors (including SKEC),
unless there was a successful appeal against the court’s order sanctioning the
scheme.

56 While I was of the view that leave to appeal was not required in the
present case, I would have granted leave if that was required. The decision in
Originating Summons 153 and 154 of 2016 engaged unsettled questions of law
such as to what extent related creditors votes ought to be discounted in
determining whether the requisite statutory majority set out in s 210(3AB) of
the Companies Act was met, for which further arguments and a decision by the
Court of Appeal would be of public importance.

57 As any appeal by SKEC against the Orders were now out of time, SKEC had
filed an application to the Court of Appeal for an extension of time to file a
notice of appeal.

Aedit Abdullah  
Judicial Commissioner

Andy Lem, Chia Tze Yung Justin, Jaclyn Leong and Kok Yee Keong (Harry Elias
Partnership LLP for the applicants;  
Debby Lim and Jamal Siddique (Shook Lin & Bok LLP) for SK Engineering &
Construction Co Ltd

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:40 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

