Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the republic of singapore

[2016] SGHC 58

HC/Criminal Case No 8 of 2016

Between

| Public Prosecutor  
---|---  
  
And

| Rosdi Bin Joenet  
---|---  
  
grounds of decision

[Criminal law] - [Offences] - [Culpable homicide]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Public Prosecutor

  
v

  

Rosdi Bin Joenet

  

[2016] SGHC 58

  

High Court — Criminal Case No 8 of 2016  
Foo Chee Hock JC  
7 March 2016

13 April 2016

Foo Chee Hock JC:

1 The accused, Rosdi Bin Joenet, pleaded guilty to and was convicted on the
following charge under s 304(a) of the Penal Code (Cap 224, 2008 Rev Ed):

That you, ROSDI BIN JOENET,

on the 17th of November 2012, sometime between 5.00 am to 5.19 am, at the
master bedroom of Blk 850 Jurong West Street 81 #09-275, Singapore, did cause
the death of one Faridah Bte Senin, NRIC: [xxx] (“the deceased”), to wit, by
stabbing the deceased’s body multiple times with a kitchen knife (with a 20 cm
long blade and a 13 cm long handle), with the intention of causing the
deceased such bodily injuries as were likely to cause death and thus you have
committed the offence of culpable homicide not amounting to murder punishable
under section 304(a) of the Penal Code (Chapter 224, 2008 Rev Ed).

2 The deceased was the accused’s wife. They were married for about 21 years
and were living in the abovementioned flat with their three children and the
deceased’s mother. The accused admitted to the statement of facts (“SOF”)
without qualification. The salient parts of the SOF are set out as follows:

Lead-up to the offence on 17 November 2012

5\. Prior to the incident, the marital relationship between the accused and
the deceased had soured. The accused suspected that the deceased was having an
extramarital affair. However, when the accused confronted the deceased
regarding his suspicions, the deceased denied any involvement in any
extramarital affair.

6\. Two weeks before the incident, the marital relationship between the
accused and the deceased had deteriorated to the point such that they were
sleeping in separate rooms. The deceased slept in the master bedroom together
with A1 [the deceased’s mother] while the accused slept in the study room.

Offence on 17 November 2012

7\. On 17 November 2012 at about 5.00 am, the accused woke up and found A1
preparing food in the kitchen. At that point in time, the deceased was still
sleeping in the master bedroom while their three children were sleeping in
their own rooms.

8\. The accused then entered the master bedroom and woke the deceased up in
order to discuss their marital disputes. However, he was met with angry words
from the deceased and was chased out of the bedroom.

9\. However, the accused returned back to the master bedroom, armed with a
kitchen knife (with a 20 cm long blade and a 13 cm long handle) this time
round. The accused also closed and locked the master bedroom door. When the
accused was alone with the deceased inside the master bedroom, the deceased
was then heard screaming from the room.

10\. When A1 heard the deceased screaming, she rushed over and found that the
door to the master bedroom was locked. When A1 demanded the door to be opened,
the accused replied by saying that he was in a discussion with the deceased
and that he would open the door a while later. The deceased was then overheard
begging the accused not to kill her.

11\. On 17 November 2012, sometime between 5.00 am to 5.19 am, at the master
bedroom of the Flat, the accused used the kitchen knife to stab the deceased’s
body multiple times with the intention of causing the deceased bodily injuries
as were likely to cause death. After that, the accused emerged out of the
master bedroom and told A1 that he had killed the deceased. The accused also
told his three children (who had been woken up by the deceased’s screams) that
he had “reasons” for killing the deceased.

12\. When A1 and the three children (A2, A3 and A4) rushed inside the bedroom,
they found the deceased lying motionless on the floor, with blood on her
shirt. A blood-stained kitchen knife was found on a low cabinet beside the
deceased.

13\. A1 then called the Police on the same morning at about 5.19 am to report
the incident. Shortly after that, the accused also called the Police with the
text message that reads, “Murder. I am the husband. My wife. I am unable to
say anything now. (caller crying)”.

14\. On the same morning at about 5.30 am, Sergeant Lin Yuheng and Corporal
Rosmaria from Nanyang NPC arrived at the scene. When the police officers asked
the accused what happened, the accused did not answer their questions and
simply surrendered himself to the Police.

15\. On the same morning at about 5.38 am, the deceased was pronounced dead by
SCDF Paramedic Chen Jieyi Abigail.

[words in square brackets and emphasis added]

3 The autopsy was performed by Dr George Paul, Senior Consultant Forensic
Pathologist, Health Sciences Authority. His Autopsy Report can be found at Tab
A of the SOF. There were some 26 external injuries described at pp 4 to 7 of
the Report. The SOF summarised them (at para 16) as follows:

a) Injuries no 2, 5, 7-13, 17, 19-26 (inclusive) were caused by a sharp
cutting weapon;

b) Injuries no 24 and 25 were caused by either a double edged weapon with one
edge not so sharp, or by a single edged thin bladed cutting – stabbing weapon
[this could also be the same weapon mentioned in (a)];

c) Injuries no 1, 3, 4, 6, 14, 15 and 18 were caused by blunt force impact;

d) Injury no 16 was the end-wound-track of the outwards directed injury no 25.

(See also p 10 (under “Remarks”) of Autopsy Report.)

4 The cause of death was certified (at p 10 of Autopsy Report) as “stab
injuries to superior vena cava [a vein that leads to the heart 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

See footnote (1) of SOF at p 5.

] and right bronchus [part of the lungs 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

See footnote (2) of SOF at p 5.

]” (words in brackets within quote added). The Autopsy Report further states
(at p 10):

… Injury no 24 and 25 [stab wounds to the chest], individually and
collectively, were sufficient to cause death in the ordinary course of nature.

[words in brackets added]

5 In the hearing before me with respect to the sentence to be imposed, the
arguments focused on Public Prosecutor v Han John Han [2007] 1 SLR(R) 1180
(“Han John Han”) and Public Prosecutor v Kwok Teng Soon [2001] 3 SLR(R) 273
(“Kwok Teng Soon”) which parties agreed to be the more relevant authorities.
In both cases, (disregarding the punishments of fine or caning) s 304(a) of
the Penal Code (Cap 224, 1985 Rev Ed) then provided for either life or up to
10 years’ imprisonment. With effect from 2008, the law was amended to confer
the court with greater discretion in that the court can now impose an
imprisonment term of up to 20 years or life imprisonment.

6 In Han John Han, the accused pleaded guilty to a charge under s 304(a) of
the Penal Code (Cap 224, 1985 Rev Ed) for killing his wife by plunging a sword
into her chest (see [1]). The deceased was then pregnant with their third
child. Hence another charge under s 315 of the Penal Code (Cap 224, 1985 Rev
Ed) for causing the death of the foetus was taken into consideration for
sentencing (at [1]). The accused was found to be suffering from a “psychotic
delusion” that his wife “was using black magic to hex him” and that she was
plotting with her “lover” to take away his daughters and his possessions when
he died (see [12] and also [4]). The accused was sentenced to 3 years’
imprisonment and on appeal the imprisonment term was increased to 5 years.

7 It appeared from the grounds of decision that the accused had undergone
treatment (“taken off the anti-psychotic drugs” and “accused’s symptoms of
delusion were in remission” (at [9])). Choo Han Teck J helpfully stated (at
[9]):

… From these reports it seems that so far as the psychiatrists, particularly
Dr Koh, are concerned, the accused is no longer troubled by the psychotic
condition that impaired his mental responsibility at the time of the offence
and, by all reasonable tests and observation, the risk of a recurrence is
“very low” but not impossible. …

[emphasis added]

8 In similar vein, Choo J accepted (at [13]) that the accused “is no longer a
danger to himself or to others although, for good measure, his medical
appointments should be maintained until the doctors are satisfied that they
can be discontinued.”

9 Kwok Teng Soon was another case on s 304(a) of the Penal Code (Cap 224, 1985
Rev Ed), involving an accused suffering from delusional disorder (see [28])
when he killed his wife with a chopper in a savage attack which left her
“almost decapitated” ([12]). The cause of death was certified as “Multiple
Incised wounds to Head and Neck” ([14]). Tay Yong Kwang JC postulated (at
[29]) that the “central theme” in the three conditions propounded in Neo Man
Lee v Public Prosecutor [1991] 1 SLR(R) 918 (for imposing life imprisonment)
was “whether the accused is a person of unstable character likely to commit
such offences in future. The purpose of the three conditions is not to
determine how evil a particular accused person can be. Rather, it is to
extrapolate from his condition and his actions, the likelihood of a relapse
and what the probable consequences might be.”

10 It appeared (see [15]) that the accused had earlier (before the offence)
received treatment at Woodbridge Hospital. He was prescribed medication but
did not follow-up on his treatment ([15]).

11 At [30], the court clearly found that the accused had not been cured and
“would require long-term treatment which could lead to a remission but that
would be premised on his ‘total compliance with treatment’”. Tay JC (at [30])
was not convinced that the accused’s brother was able to supervise the accused
and ensure that he received the required treatment. Furthermore, Tay JC
considered “how devastating the effects [of the accused’s mental disorder]
could be when something triggered him off” and imposed life imprisonment as
the “only appropriate sentence” ([30]).

12 It was not disputed that in the case of a mentally disordered offender, the
rehabilitative principle needed to be considered and factored into the
evaluation of the sentence where appropriate. In considering the present
accused’s need for treatment and rehabilitation, the arguments covered the
flipside – which was the risk of the accused reverting to violence if he was
not cured. This raised the principle of incapacitation or protection of the
public which will be discussed after the rehabilitative principle.

The rehabilitative principle – the accused’s need for treatment and risk of
reoffending

13 In examining the above issues, I shall make reference to four psychiatric
reports by Dr Bharat Saluja, Consultant, Institute of Mental Health, and will
be reproducing extracts from them. For convenience, they shall be referred to
by their location in the SOF as follows:

(a) Report dated 10 December 2012 – Tab B of SOF.

(b) Report dated 14 March 2014 – Tab C of SOF.

(c) Report dated 11 May 2015 – Tab D of SOF.

(d) Report dated 12 June 2015 – Tab E of SOF.

14 One main point relied on by Mr Abraham Vergis for the accused was that the
risk of reoffending by the accused was low. If reliance was placed on Tab C of
SOF (p 2, the second paragraph), then it should be noted that the assessment
was outdated as the “clinical risk factors may have changed” and no formal
risk assessment had been done. However, Dr Saluja did state for the record at
Tab D of SOF (p 4, section J, para 2) that the accused’s “risk of committing
future violence appears to be low currently despite him continuing to have
delusional beliefs against his deceased wife and poor insight regarding his
mental disorder.” (See also Tab E of SOF, p1, under “Opinion”.) Dr Saluja did
postulate two possible scenarios where the risk of violence may be increased
(at Tab E of SOF, p 1):

1) If he pursues his wife’s alleged lover (which he denied in interviews) or

2) If his delusional system (beliefs that are false, firm and fixed)
incorporates other individuals which may happen if his illness remain
untreated.

15 That said, it must be noted that the reports had been prepared on the
present basis that the accused had not undergone any treatment yet. This was
an important point because we did not have the benefit of a prognosis based on
his response to medication or psychotherapy. So the psychiatric reports had to
be considered for what they were saying with that caveat in mind. The other
implication was that we must be sensitive to this dissimilarity with the two
precedent cases discussed above.

16 The responsibility that fell on this court was to sentence the accused in
his present condition. He was not well, he was not healed and he had not begun
any treatment. He still “harbour[ed] delusional thoughts against his deceased
wife” and the “symptoms of his disorder are still active” (Tab E of SOF, p 1,
under “Opinion”). There was evidence that he was still in denial (see Tab B of
SOF, p 3, section D, para 1; and Tab D of SOF, p 2, section C, para 5).

17 I should next deal with the length and prognosis of treatment. In Tab C of
SOF, p 1, under “Treatment Plan” and Tab D of SOF, p 4, section J, para 1, Dr
Saluja stated that the delusional disorder – jealousy subtype which the
accused was diagnosed with “is typically chronic and lifelong disorder unless
treated”. In Tab E of SOF (p 1), under “Treatment”, Dr Saluja highlighted that
the key to success was trust in the therapist. The treatment would comprise
medication and psychotherapy, where Cognitive Behavior Therapy had the “best
evidence” (Tab E of SOF). However the doctor qualified his opinion by saying
that “[t]his is a successful treatment when done right; however, it is a long
and difficult process for both the patient and therapist and can take months
(or even years) for progress to be made” (Tab E of SOF, p 2, under
“Psychotherapy”). He concluded by stating that his estimate was that the
accused “would require 1 - 2 years of treatment but success of treatment is
guarded” (Tab E of SOF, p 2, under “Psychotherapy”).

18 In addition to the delusional disorder, the accused was “exhibiting
symptoms of depressive disorder which is a common comorbidity with delusional
disorder” (Tab D of SOF, p 4, section J, para 1). This comorbid depressive
disorder carried its own risks and difficulties (see Tab D of SOF, p 4,
section J, para 4). The accused had a heart attack in 2013 and was on
medication for his cardiac condition and diabetes (Tab D of SOF, p 3, section
C, para 6). I had also taken note of para 62 of the Plea in Mitigation
(“Mitigation”), and the Report at Tab S (at p 232) of the accused’s Bundle of
Authorities and Documents (“BOD”).

19 On the point of social and family support for the accused (see paras 51 and
52 of Mitigation), the comforting picture submitted by Mr Vergis must be
weighed against the challenges that the accused would face on release from
prison (see also para 43(b) of Mitigation). His mother-in-law had said that
she would not be living with him and the children on the accused’s release,
leaving him to look after his children (Tab D of SOF, p 3, section G, para 1
and Letter of Appeal at Tab D of the accused’s BOD). The accused indicated
that he wanted to take a course and obtain a licence to be a taxi driver (Tab
D of SOF, p 3, section I, para 1). While his children and extended family may
give him the moral support and loving environment, that had to be balanced
with his role as provider and head of the family and his motivation to follow
through with the treatment.

20 On the material before me, I was sceptical that there would be adequate
support for the accused if he had not substantially recovered from his
psychological problems upon his release. The arguments made on behalf of the
accused assumed that the threat of a recurrence was non-existent once the
object of his delusional disorder was no more (para 63 of Mitigation). In the
light of the above discussion, I could not justify treating the accused as if
his mental disorder had distinctly ended (see paras 43(c) and 47 of
Mitigation). Quite apart from the protection of the general public, the court
needed to be assured that he would not be a threat to his own support system
upon his release.

21 The above, which was explored and argued substantially at the hearing,
discussed the application of the rehabilitative principle to our facts.
However, the retributive and protection of the public principles were also
relevant for sentencing.

Principles of retribution and protection of the public

22 The essence of the retributive principle as applied to our facts was that
due punishment was required for such a grievous offence, notwithstanding that
the accused was suffering from a mental disorder. The commentary in Kow Keng
Siong, Sentencing Principles in Singapore (Academy Publishing, 2009) at para
18.125, which was essentially approved by the Court of Appeal in Lim Ghim Peow
v Public Prosecutor [2014] 4 SLR 1287 at [39], stated the position clearly:

The retributive principle features prominently in the sentencing of mentally
disordered or intellectually challenged offenders where the offence is
particularly serious or heinous. In such cases, it appears that the
retributive principle may even prevail over the rehabilitative principle.

23 The sentence here must also reflect the principle of protection of the
public. The prosecution cited Public Prosecutor v Goh Lee Yin and another
appeal [2008] 1 SLR(R) 824 at [108] in support (see para 9 of Prosecution’s
Submissions on Sentence):

… [I]n cases involving serious offences, incapacitation would usually form the
focus of the sentencing process. In PP v Lim Ah Liang ([94] supra), I noted at
[41] that incapacitation aims to deal with severely mentally-ill offenders in
such a way as to make them incapable of offending for substantial periods of
time. It is popularly referred to as “public protection” and advocates the
imposition of long, incapacitative custodial sentences on “dangerous”
offenders when the potential risk to prospective victims is substantial. In my
view, such a consideration would be highly relevant in cases involving serious
offences notwithstanding the fact that the offender suffers from an impulse
control psychiatric disorder, which causes the commission of the very offence.
…

24 There was no doubt that this was a serious and heinous offence, attracting
the principles of retribution and incapacitation. As I stated in open court
before passing sentence, the attack by the accused on his wife, leaving her
with the 26 injuries noted in the Autopsy Report (see above), was vicious and
violent. The prosecution highlighted para 9 (the weapon used and the deceased
screaming from the room) and para 10 (the deceased’s mother demanding that the
door be opened and the deceased begging the accused not to kill her) of the
SOF. I was prepared to accept that there was no premeditation (see para 56 of
Mitigation). While Mr Vergis pointed out that the catalogue of injuries noted
included defensive and superficial injuries (see Official Transcript at p 40),
the injuries nonetheless pointed to a savage attack on a defenceless victim.
Although the accused had no history of violence, the effect of his delusional
disorder was devastating when triggered. This allusion to the description in
Kwok Teng Soon (at [30]) was made with full awareness that the sentencing
considerations in Kwok Teng Soon may not be wholly applicable here.

25 I should also make reference to the likelihood of a relapse of the
accused’s condition with heinous consequences. It is sufficient to say that
the sentence in Han John Han was of limited guidance here. The court there was
confident of Han John Han’s recovery, since he had undergone treatment. The
court was also satisfied that for all practical purposes, he was not a danger
to others. The position of the present accused was clearly distinguishable
(see the discussion on the rehabilitative principle above). In these
circumstances, the submission of 6 years’ imprisonment by Mr Vergis could not
do justice on the facts here. There was a need for a more substantial term of
imprisonment.

The court’s decision

26 In assessing the appropriate sentence, I further considered the accused’s
plea of guilt and remorse; and his co-operation with the authorities in the
investigation of this matter. The accused had no antecedents which were
relevant for sentencing and I accepted that it was his abnormality of mind
that caused his actions on that fateful day (see Tab B of SOF, p 10, section
M, para 4). I also considered his personal circumstances, and his family
circumstances before and after the tragic event of 17 November 2012. In this
regard, the sentence should express such compassion as was permitted by the
law.

27 Considering all relevant matters in the round, I was of the view that the
appropriate sentence should be an imprisonment term of 9 years. In exercise of
my discretion, I backdated the sentence imposed to 18 November 2012, the date
of remand.

Foo Chee Hock  
Judicial Commissioner

Wong Kok Weng and Ma Hanfeng (Attorney-General’s Chambers) for the
prosecution;  
Abraham Vergis (Providence Law Asia LLC) and Nadia Ui Mhuimhneachain (Kalco
Law LLC) for the accused.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:39 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

