Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the republic of singapore

[2016] SGHC 03

Suit No 309 of 2014

Between

| | | ISO INDUSTRY PTE LTD   
---|---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

FU LOONG LITHOGRAPHER PTE LTD

… Defendant

GROUNDS OF DECISION

[Contract] — [contractual terms] — [express terms]

[Contract] — [breach]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
ISO Industry Pte Ltd

  
v

  

Fu Loong Lithographer Pte Ltd

[2016] SGHC 03

High Court — Suit No 309 of 2014

Foo Chee Hock JC

27, 28 July 2015, 25 September 2015; 28 October 2015

11 January 2016

Foo Chee Hock JC:

Introduction

1 In my Grounds of Decision, I shall be using the following abbreviations:

Document| Abbreviation  
---|---  
“Plaintiffs’ Closing Submissions” dated 17 August 2015| Plaintiff’s 1st WS  
“Plaintiffs’ Reply Submissions” dated 19 October 2015| Plaintiff’s 2nd WS  
“Defendants’ Closing Submissions” dated 17 August 2015| Defendant’s 1st WS  
“Defendants’ Reply Submissions” dated 7 October 2015| Defendant’s 2nd WS  
“Defendants’ Skeletal Supplemental Submissions” dated 28 October 2015 | Defendant’s 3rd WS  
  
2 On 19 March 2015, Hoo Sheau Peng JC ordered, by consent of the parties,
that:

1\. The Plaintiff’s claim on the transfer of business be bifurcated with the
issue of whether the Plaintiff had sold and the Defendant had purchased the
Plaintiff’s dormitory business or the Plaintiff’s assets, fixtures and
fittings at the 3rd and 4th floors of 2 Kampong Ampat, Singapore as at 1 June
2012, be determined before directions on the valuation be given; …

3 Following this, and other developments in the case (for example, para 2 of
the above Order of Court did not feature in the trial), 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Notes of Evidence dated 27 July 2015 p 5, line 29.

the issues to be determined at the trial (which essentially followed the
Defendant’s articulation) were as follows 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Defendant’s 1st WS at para 15.

(the abbreviations used in this list of issues shall be adopted for my Grounds
of Decision):

(a) Was the agreement between parties reached sometime in June 2012 for the
Defendant to purchase the Plaintiff’s entire business or only the Plaintiff’s
assets in the Premises (3rd and 4th floors of 2 Kampong Ampat Singapore)?

Turning to the Defendant’s counterclaims:

(b) Was there an express agreement between the parties or representations made
by the Defendant for the Plaintiff to remain at the Premises after the expiry
of the 2009 Tenancy Agreement?

i. Is the Plaintiff liable for double rent from 1 March 2011 to 31 May 2012?

ii. Is the Defendant estopped from claiming double rent?

(c) Did the Plaintiff cause the Defendant loss of rent by renting beds to New
Tokyo Wall Decoration General Contractor (“New Tokyo”) at a lower rate? If so,
what is the loss suffered by the Defendant?

(d) Did the Plaintiff cause the Defendant loss of rent by failing to invoice
and collect rent from Doka Engineering Construction (“Doka”)? If so, what is
the loss suffered by the Defendant?

(e) Did the Plaintiff cause the Defendant loss of rent by failing to invoice
and collect rent from other customers (such as LV Automation Pte Ltd (“LV
Automation”) … and Chin Ping Contractor (“Chin Ping”)? If so, what is the loss
suffered by the Defendant?

[amendments added in italics]

4 The following facts (which are adopted and adapted from the Defendant’s 1st
WS) form the background to the trial before me (the abbreviations used in this
statement of facts shall be adopted for my Grounds of Decision):

1\. On 7 March 2005 the Defendant signed a Tenancy Agreement with the
Plaintiff’s directors, Mr Peh Peng Leng (“Mr Peh”) and Mr Teo Peng Kwang (“Mr
Teo”) trading as Doka Dormitory Management for the 3rd and 4th floors of 2
Kampong Ampat Singapore (“Premises”) for 2 years from 1 May 2005 to 30 April
2007 (the “2005 Tenancy Agreement”) at $20,000 per month.

2\. … Doka Dormitory Management did not pay any rent on the 2005 Tenancy
Agreement from 1 May 2005 to 28 February 2007 amounting to $420,000.

3\. In 2005, Mr Peh’s partnership … undertook renovations to the Premises
which took about 2-3 months.

4\. On 14 February 2007, the Defendant signed a Tenancy Agreement with the
Plaintiff for the Premises for 2 years from 1 March 2007 to 28 February 2009
at a monthly rent of $20,000 (the “2007 Tenancy Agreement”).

5\. On 13 May 2009, the Defendant signed a further Tenancy Agreement with the
Plaintiff for the Premises for 2 years from 1 March 2009 to 28 February 2011
at the monthly rent of $22,000 (the “2009 Tenancy Agreement”).

…

7\. On 28 Feb 2011 the 2009 Tenancy Agreement expired. The Plaintiff did not
move out but remained at the Premises paying rent into the Defendant’s account
of $22,000 every month (save for March and July 2011 where the rent was paid
directly to Mr Tan) until 31 May 2012.

…

9\. Between April and June 2012, the Plaintiff approached the Defendant’s
managing director Mr Tan Han Yong (“Mr Tan”) to discuss a takeover of the
dormitory with the Plaintiff providing management services for $8,000 per
month.

10\. On or about 18 June 2012, it was agreed between the parties that as of 1
June 2012, the Defendant would take over the dormitory.

…

12\. On 8 September 2012, the Plaintiff’s licence to operate a dormitory at
the Premises expired and the Defendant became the licenced operator of the
dormitory.

13\. In September 2012, the Defendant terminated the services of the Plaintiff
as managing agent of the dormitory and in October 2012 engaged Victor Charles
(“Mr Charles”) as the new manager.

[amendments added in italics]

Issue 1: Sale of entire business or assets only

5 It is tempting for witnesses to angle their oral evidence in the most
favourable light to suit their version of the case. But often the documentary
evidence in a commercial case like the present offer a more reliable guide to
the parties’ intentions. To this I shall now turn.

6 It was not disputed that there was a lunch meeting on 18 June 2012 at
Riverview Hotel, with Mr Teo, Mr Peh, Ms Ng Lei Kim (“Ms Ng”) and Mr Tan
present. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Mr Teo’s AEIC at para 37; Ms Ng’s AEIC at para 22; Plaintiff’s 1st WS at para
47.

A record of that meeting was captured in a letter dated 25 June 2012 drafted
by Mr Teo and hand-delivered by Ms Ng to Mr Tan. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

Mr Teo’s AEIC at para 45; Ms Ng’s AEIC at para 23; Plaintiff’s 1st WS at para
51.

It was entitled, “LETTER OF UNDERSTANDING/AGREEMENT” (hereinafter, “25 June
Letter”) and stated: 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

Plaintiff’s Bundle of Documents, p 255.

… To recapitulate and thereby set on records, the following items [1] to [5]
had been duly accepted and agreed between Fu Loong Lithographer Pte Ltd [ Fu
Loong ] and ISO Industry Pte Ltd [ISO]. The said agreement becomes operative
with effect from 1/6/12.

[1] Fu Loong had taken full charge of the workers’ dormitory.

All clients / rental income yield be transferred to Fu Loong.

Cheque payment of rental income to be made payable to Fu Loong.

Fu Loong will arrange to open bank account to facilitate deposit of cheques.

…

[4] Fu Loong will deal directly with ATI Architects Pte Ltd in conjunction to
the renewal application for the continued of use of the premises as workers’
dormitory.

…

[6] ISO had substantiated in detail to Fu Loong the total investment cost.

ISO had proposed to Fu Loong a “take over” cost at the sum of S$150,000.00. In
this connection, it will be well appreciated Fu Loong to confirm acceptance of
the proposed sum …

[emphasis added]

7 The 25 June Letter clearly supported the Plaintiff’s case. The Defendant was
taking over the entirety of the Plaintiff’s dormitory business. There was no
need to “set on records” the other details of the dormitory business if the
agreement was just about the sale of the assets only. Paragraph 6 of the 25
June Letter even mentioned the “total investment cost” before the proposal for
the “take over” at $150,000 (although Mr Tan denied that the Plaintiff had
substantiated the cost to the Defendant). 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

Notes of Evidence dated 28 July 2015 p 17, line 1.

I found that this was clearly not a note for the sale and purchase of the
assets only, or as an extension of the Defendant’s case, the sale of the
Plaintiff’s entire business for only the price of the assets.

8 There was another meeting between the same four persons on 13 August 2012 at
the Riverview Hotel. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

Mr Teo’s AEIC at para 48.

The minutes of this meeting (“Minutes of 13 August Meeting”) recorded that: 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

Plaintiff’s Bundle of Documents, p 256.

[1] Mr Tan of Fu Loong has given full permission to ISO Industry Pte Ltd to
appoint certified international valuer in order to obtain the valuation report
for the purpose of determining the value of the said workers’ dormitory.

Mr Tan of Fu Loong

\- will pay the fee for the full valuation report

\- will accept the final valuation sum as assessed by the valuer as “Take
Over” Fee due payable to ISO Industry Pte Ltd.

At the material point of time, ISO Industry Pte Ltd has make known to Mr Tan
of Fu Loong the “Take Over” Fee to be S$150,000.00 after factoring deprecation
cost. ...

[emphasis added]

On its own, the minutes showed that it was clear as day that the parties’
agreement was for the “Take Over” of the entire “workers’ dormitory” business.

9 The Defendant however latched on to the “FOLLOW-UP OF THE MINUTES PER
MEETING OF AUGUST 13, 2012” (“Follow-up Minutes”) 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

Plaintiff’s Bundle of Documents, p 257.

wherein it was stated that the Plaintiff was tasked to appoint “certified
international valuer to ascertain the value of the pre-existing fixtures and
fitting of the workers’ dormitory at 2 Kampong Ampat.” 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

Plaintiff’s Bundle of Documents, p 257 at para 1.

It will be recalled that Mr Tan had denied ever seeing or receiving these
Follow-up Minutes, yet he chose to rely on them. Be that as it may, it was
argued that the emphasised phrase showed that the agreement was for the
Defendant to pay for the physical assets only. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

Defendant’s 1st WS at paras 31 and 32.

10 I found that the Follow-up Minutes should be understood in context together
with the two preceding documents. The 25 June Letter 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

Plaintiff’s Bundle of Documents, p 255.

and Minutes of 13 August Meeting 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

Plaintiff’s Bundle of Documents, p 256.

had already made clear (see above) that the agreement was for the sale of the
whole dormitory business (notwithstanding the absence of the words, 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

Defendant’s 1st WS at para 34.

“sale of the business”). It was unfortunate that the Defendant had not given
Mr Teo an opportunity during cross-examination to explain the specific mention
of “pre-existing fixtures and fitting” (see Plaintiff’s argument at para 12 of
Plaintiff’s 2nd WS). Giving the Defendant’s argument such weight as it
deserved, I did not find it persuasive. The first point was that the valuation
of the entire business must necessarily include the “pre-existing fixtures and
fitting” as a component of the business. More pertinently, since the thrust of
paras 1 and 2 of the Follow-up Minutes was to highlight the Plaintiff’s
inability to find a valuer and that the ball was then in the Defendant’s
court, it was understandable that the Plaintiff was highlighting the fact that
the two “international valuers” they (the Plaintiff) had approached were not
in a position to value the physical assets. Paragraph 2 of the Follow-up
Minutes concluded (again) with the “‘Take Over’ fee”, which was the common
thread of all three documents and must mean the same thing.

11 Once more, like the preceding two documents, the ventilation of the other
matters connected with the dormitory business reinforced my view that the
“‘Take Over’ fee” at para 2 of the Follow-Up Minutes was for the entire
business and not the physical assets only.

12 The Defendant submitted 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

Defendant’s 1st WS at para 34.

that the documents 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

Plaintiff’s Bundle of Documents, pp 255 to 257.

do not “set out that there was a sale of the business” and that the words
“take over” in inverted commas “may not accurately describe the situation”. I
was of the considered view, after observing Mr Teo (who had drafted all three
documents), 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

Plaintiff’s Bundle of Documents, pp 255 to 257.

that he was not using the inverted commas to indicate that the “take over” was
not what it said. If anything, it was intended to emphasise the situation of
the Defendant assuming full control of the dormitory and the sale of the
entire business.

13 In my judgment, the three documents 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

Plaintiff’s Bundle of Documents, pp 255 to 257.

were tolerably clear as a signpost of the parties’ intentions when examined
against the factual matrix, including my findings with respect to the
witnesses’ credibility. I evaluated the evidence of Mr Teo, Mr Peh and Ms Ng
about the agreement at the 18 June 2012 lunch meeting and found that despite
cross-examination, the gist of their evidence that the agreement was for the
sale of the entire business “remained intact”: see para 48, and also para 47
of Plaintiff’s 1st WS.

14 The bigger picture was that it did not make sense for a “certified
international valuer” to be appointed if the agreement was, in Mr Tan’s words,
“to buy over the asset such as the scrap metals”. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

Notes of Evidence dated 28 July 2015 p 58, lines 1 to 7.

It was amazing that para 47 of the Defendant’s 1st WS confirmed this fact by
stating, “[t]he assets left behind by ISO and the entire dormitory were in
very poor condition and could not be worth much.” I agreed with the
Plaintiff’s submission 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

Plaintiff’s 1st WS at paras 55 and 56.

that the valuation was intended for the entire dormitory business, which was
why this issue featured in the documentation and Mr Tan was even prepared to
bear the fees for the valuation. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

Notes of Evidence dated 28 July 2015 p 54, line 25 and Plaintiff’s Bundle of
Documents, p 256.

15 Also, Mr Tan admitted that the figure of $150,000 had been mentioned at the
meeting of 18 June 2012. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

Notes of Evidence dated 28 July 2015 p 16, lines 18 to 21 and Plaintiff’s
Bundle of Documents, p 255.

I found that if Mr Tan had regarded the assets as no more than “scrap metals”,
23

##### Foot Note 23

×

Plaintiff’s 1st WS at para 56.

he would have rejected the proposed amount of $150,000 outright. Yet this
figure of $150,000 persisted throughout, 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

Plaintiff’s Bundle of Documents, p 257 at para 2.

indicating that the parties clearly intended that the sale was of the entire
dormitory business but reserved the exact price pending valuation.

16 On Mr Tan’s testimony, I found that he knew what was happening and what was
involved in the deal. He was particularly evasive when the questions came near
to whether he expected to get all the benefit of the contracts (with the
existing 16 customers) 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

Notes of Evidence dated 28 July 2015 p 7, lines 15 to 17.

and the dormitory business without paying anything for them. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

Notes of Evidence dated 28 July 2015 p 6, line 12 to p 13, line 3.

He took a long time to answer that he was getting the contracts for free
because he knew that this would make his case untenable.

17 Mr Tan was also careful to distance himself from the documentation. He did
not reply to the 25 June Letter; 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

Plaintiff’s 1st WS at para 53.

at first he denied receiving it. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

Notes of Evidence dated 28 July 2015 p 13, lines 23 to 26; Plaintiff’s 1st WS
at para 51.

When he was asked whether he had “seen this document”, he replied, “I’ve
forgotten; I’ve not seen this.” 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

Notes of Evidence dated 28 July 2015 p 13, line 24.

It was only when he was confronted with his lawyer’s letter dated 18 June 2015
confirming that he had received the 25 June Letter that he confirmed that he
had received the 25 June Letter. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

Notes of Evidence dated 28 July 2015 p 14, line 7.

18 Regarding the Minutes of 13 August Meeting, when asked whether he had
received them, 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

Notes of Evidence dated 28 July 2015 p 17, lines 28 to 31.

his answer was, “Well, I’m frequently not at home and my maid might have
received this and I don’t know.” 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

Notes of Evidence dated 28 July 2015 p 17, line 30.

He was still “not sure” whether he received the minutes. 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

Notes of Evidence dated 28 July 2015 p 17, line 32 to p 18, line 5.

19 As for the Follow-up Minutes, 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

Plaintiff’s Bundle of Documents, p 257.

Mr Tan “did not see this document” and “had not received” it. 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

Notes of Evidence dated 28 July 2015 p 18, lines 10 to 17.

And his reply to Ms Ng’s sending the two documents by registered post? 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

Plaintiff’s Bundle of Documents, pp 260 and 261.

He stated that he had two houses. 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

Notes of Evidence dated 28 July 2015 p 18, line 23.

I found that Mr Tan obviously knew that the documents were damaging to his
case. Hence he blatantly denied receipt or knowledge of the documents.

20 I do not propose to deal with the Defendant’s arguments at paras 16 to 30;
39 to 49 of the Defendant’s 1st WS point by point. The arguments range over a
wide field and at times did not distinguish between submissions based on
evidence and hypothetical speculation based on the Defendant’s theory of the
case. An example of such speculation was the quid pro quo argument at para 46
of the Defendant’s 1st WS: that the agreement was only for the sale of the
assets because the Plaintiff wished to reciprocate the Defendant for the rent-
free period from 2005 to 2007. 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

Plaintiff’s 2nd WS at para 18.

21 I will analyse and answer the Defendant’s key arguments in this way. In the
main, they fell into two categories:

(a) The reasons for suggesting that the Defendant would not have bought the
entire dormitory business; and

(b) Why would the Plaintiff give away the dormitory business for free and
charge only for the physical assets?

22 As for the first category, the Defendant submitted that Mr Tan had plans to
redevelop the entire building; he did not wish to renew the lease and he did
not want the dormitory business. 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

Defendant’s 1st WS at paras 16 to 19.

It is clearer to see the other arguments as falling under the second category.
The Defendant had launched into a rationalisation of why it made sense that
the agreement was for the Defendant to buy the assets only.

23 The arguments in the first category ran up against a brick wall. The
irrebuttable fact was that Mr Tan was persuaded and agreed to go into the
dormitory business; he took over the Plaintiff’s business, collected rent from
the existing tenants and was still running a profitable business. The short
answer to the arguments in the second category was that the question for the
court’s decision was what the parties had in fact intended and agreed to at
the material time, and not what was possible, or rational, or even plausible
by a process of ex post facto rationalisation. Some of the matters argued by
the Defendant were not even in the parties’ minds at the material time, or
proved to be so.

24 Paragraphs 20 to 30 of Defendant’s 1st WS aggregated the reasons under the
second category and led to the neat reasoning process posited in para 27. But
this was never the Defendant’s case, nor did they adduce the necessary
evidence to prove this theory or that the Plaintiff’s representatives went
through the reasoning process in para 27. It is sufficient for me to evaluate
and answer two key planks in the Defendant’s case, the reasoning of which will
also deal with the other more minute arguments. The Defendant made much of (i)
the reinstatement costs and (ii) the renewal of the Urban Redevelopment
Authority (“URA”) licence to operate the dormitory. Taking the Defendant’s
case at the highest, and assuming that the Plaintiff recognised these and
other factors as their weaknesses, I found on the evidence that they did not
lead to two broad conclusions which were critical to the Defendant’s case.

25 First, it did not mean that the Plaintiff’s bargaining position was so
badly undercut that they could get no value for the business, or that the
business was worthless. Even Mr Tan felt this way because he entertained the
$150,000 proposal while awaiting the valuation, and gave the Plaintiff a
management contract worth $8,000 per month. That also explained Mr Tan’s
palpable evasiveness about getting the existing rental contracts free. 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

Notes of Evidence dated 28 July 2015 p 6, line 12 to p 13, line 3.

26 Second, from my assessment of the witnesses, Mr Teo and Mr Peh were
commercial men obviously guarding their commercial interests. As hardnosed
businessmen, they would of course want to avoid the disadvantages (for
example, they would wish to save the reinstatement costs), but that did not
mean that they were not trying to get the best deal in the circumstances, by
whatever means possible. It was just ridiculous to suggest that they would let
the more valuable parts (the goodwill, the contracts and other constituent
elements) of the business go for free. In short, the Defendant’s case fell
flat because the Plaintiff was neither unable nor unwilling to negotiate hard
to secure the best agreement in their interests.

27 To be fair to the Defendant, I had considered all their submissions (even
when they were clearly counsel’s rationalisation) from the perspective of
showing that it was more probable that the parties’ agreement was for the sale
of the assets only. But in the end I was not persuaded at all.

Issue 2: Double rent

28 The Defendant’s claim for double rent was specifically pleaded in paras 15
and 16 of the Defence and Counterclaim (Amendment No. 3) (“Defence and
Counterclaim”). 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

Setting Down Bundle, p 23.

Reliance was placed on cl 2(27) of the 2009 Tenancy Agreement signed on 13 May
2009, 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

Defendant’s 1st WS at paras 5 and 6, see original agreement in Defendant’s
Bundle of Documents, pp 53 to 54.

which read:

If the Tenant continues to occupy the Demised Premises beyond the expiration
or determination of the Term or fails to deliver vacant possession thereof to
the Landlord after the expiration or determination of the Term, with the
Landlord’s acquiescence but without any express agreement between the Landlord
and Tenant, the Tenant shall pay to the Landlord for every month or part
thereof such holding over double the amount of the Rent and such holding over
shall not constitute a rental of this Tenancy Agreement by operation of law or
pursuant to the provisions of this Tenancy Agreement. During the period of any
such holding over all other provisions of this Tenancy Agreement shall be and
remain in effect. The provisions herein shall not be construed as the
Landlord’s consent for the Tenant to hold over after the expiration or
determination of the Term.

[emphasis in original]

29 The Defendant had argued extensively on this issue 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

See Defendant’s 1st WS at paras 50 to 71; Defendant’s 2nd WS at paras 18 to
20; and Defendant’s 3rd WS.

but many of the arguments fell away or were rejected by the court’s finding of
fact that at the expiry of the 2009 Tenancy Agreement, the parties had
expressly agreed to a monthly tenancy at the same monthly rent of $22,000 (as
the 2009 Tenancy Agreement). The claim for double rent was therefore
misconceived; and para 15 of the Reply and Defence to Counterclaim (Amendment
No. 3) (“Reply and Defence to Counterclaim”) 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

Setting Down Bundle, p 44.

succeeded in this regard.

30 I shall now explain why I reached that determination.

31 To start off, it was telling that there was no formal written notice to the
Plaintiff to vacate the premises, whether before or after the expiry of the
2009 Tenancy Agreement. 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

Notes of Evidence dated 28 July 2015 p 26, lines 10 to 12 and lines 18 to 21;
Plaintiff’s 1st WS at para 66.1.

Mr Tan alleged that he had orally asked Mr Peh and Mr Teo to vacate and
reminded them about the clause on double rent. 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

Mr Tan’s AEIC at paras 10 to 11.

I was of the view that Mr Tan’s evidence on this issue was clearly an
afterthought. Even his own Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief hinted at the truth
(at para 10):

… Instead they took me out to dinner and invited me to social events and to
karaoke sessions with them. At that time our relationship was very good and
because of their friendliness and outwardly generous gestures, I felt obliged
to them and did not give them formal notice to vacate the Premises. …

32 I did not believe that the rosy relationship between the parties was
something that would have prevented Mr Tan from enforcing his rights. If he
had this issue in mind, and had even orally reminded the Plaintiff to vacate
on pain of paying double rent, the situation would not have persisted for so
long.

33 I found that the real situation was that Mr Tan did not intend to take back
possession at the expiry of the 2009 Tenancy Agreement and had agreed to allow
the Plaintiff to remain as a tenant at the same rent until he reached a firm
decision as to what to do with the premises. I have seen Mr Tan give evidence.
He is not a man to acquiesce in silence. When he thought that the Plaintiff
did not manage the dormitory business properly, he terminated their services
“immediately” 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

Defence and Counterclaim at para 18; para 36 of Mr Tan’s AEIC.

(without formal notice of termination), 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

Mr Teo’s AEIC at para 57; Mr Peh’s AEIC at para 41; Plaintiff’s 1st WS at para
66.4.

and withheld the management fees for September 2012. 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

Mr Tan’s AEIC at para 36. The management fee for September 2012 was
subsequently resolved: see Order of Court dated 28 October 2015 at para 5.2.

Further, I agreed with the Plaintiff that Mr Tan portrayed himself as still
agitated by the double rent issue during his testimony. 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

Plaintiff’s 1st WS at para 66.6.

If this was the case, it was incredible that he allowed the status quo to
continue between March 2011 and May 2012 and did nothing to claim double rent
until proceedings started. I could not therefore believe that the Plaintiff
was in possession for a period of 15 months without his express agreement. To
try to characterise Mr Tan’s behaviour as mere “acquiescence” is to engage in
semantics.

34 On top of that, the Defendant accepted rent at $22,000 per month,
unconditionally and without any reservation of their rights. This was for the
entire 15-month period before the Plaintiff handed over possession when the
Defendant took over the dormitory business pursuant to their agreement. The
rent was either paid into the Defendant’s account or collected by Mr Tan
personally on two occasions. 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

Plaintiff’s Bundle of Documents, pp 178 and 182; para 15 of Reply and Defence
to Counterclaim (at p 44 of Setting Down Bundle).

Mr Tan even had lunch with the Plaintiff’s representatives after collecting
the cheques. 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

Notes of Evidence dated 27 July 2015 p 19, lines 30 to 31 and p 74, lines 9 to
10; Notes of Evidence dated 28 July 2015 p 58, lines 29 to 31.

35 I agreed with the Plaintiff’s submission 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

Para 66.5 of Plaintiff’s 1st WS.

that during the 15-month period, the parties’ conduct was consistent with the
existence of an agreement for a periodic tenancy. The Defendant was reimbursed
for the sub-let fee collected by the Housing and Development Board 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

See for example, Plaintiff’s Bundle of Documents, pp 171-173.

and the application for renewal of the URA permission to continue to operate
the workers’ dormitory was done with Mr Tan’s “blessing”. 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

Notes of Evidence dated 27 July 2015 p 19, lines 1 to 8.

The status quo had persisted. If Mr Tan had any misgivings about the
Plaintiff’s continued possession, he would have sought legal advice to enforce
his rights. But he was perfectly happy with the situation, which in accordance
with my finding and the law, had given rise to a monthly tenancy.

36 Beyond the 15-month period, Mr Tan did not mention the double rent issue
after taking over the dormitory business in June 2012, and even after he
sacked the Plaintiff as managing agent. I was driven to the inevitable
conclusion that Mr Tan (despite his protestations to the contrary) never
intended to claim double rent.

37 On cl 2(27) of the 2009 Tenancy Agreement, the Defendant submitted
valiantly on the distinction between “acquiescence” and “express agreement”. I
can understand that there is an appreciable difference but on our facts, the
conduct of the parties, like that in Khng Thian Huat and another v Riduan bin
Yusof and another [2005] 1 SLR(R) 130, had unequivocally “acknowledged and
accepted the existence of” (at [8]) the monthly tenancy. In finding that there
was express agreement for the tenancy, I categorically rejected the
proposition that the agreement must be in writing. 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

Defendant’s 1st WS at para 60.

38 Given my finding that at the expiry of the 2009 Tenancy Agreement, a new
periodic tenancy had been created, ie, a monthly tenancy with rent at $22,000
per month, it was not necessary to consider the issue of promissory estoppel,
ie, that the Defendant was estopped from relying on cl 2(27) of the 2009
Tenancy Agreement.

Miscellaneous issues

39 The remaining issues which arose from the Defendant’s counterclaims related
to the Plaintiff’s management of the dormitory business for the Defendant.
This was for a short period from 1 June 2012 to September 2012 when the
Plaintiff’s services were terminated by the Defendant. 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

Mr Teo’s AEIC at paras 56 to 57; Mr Tan’s AEIC at para 36.

Before dealing with the specific complaints in respect of specific entities
(indicated in  
  
the abbreviated form in the headings), it bears reminding that the terms of
the management contract were contained in a letter dated 24 May 2012. 58

##### Foot Note 58

×

Plaintiff’s Bundle of Documents, p 254; Plaintiff’s 1st WS at para 96.

The Plaintiff promised to carry out the following services: 59

##### Foot Note 59

×

Plaintiff’s Bundle of Documents, p 254.

1\. Issuing of sales invoices.

2\. Preparing of payment vouchers to creditors

(All cheque payments to creditors will be issue by Fu Loong Lithographer Pte
Ltd)

3\. Keeping records of receipts and payments …

40 As such, while the core functions (like the Plaintiff was bound to collect
the rent from the workers and pay them over to the Defendant) could be
sensibly implied, it was not for the court to write all the terms of the
management contract for the parties.

New Tokyo

41 The Defendant claimed that:

(a) “in breach of the Plaintiff’s duties as manager, the Plaintiff had,
without the Defendant’s consent, charged New Tokyo $155 per bed instead of the
usual rate of $240 per bed”; 60

##### Foot Note 60

×

Para 19 of Defence and Counterclaim, found at p 25 of Setting Down Bundle.

and

(b) “[t]he Plaintiff had also undercharged New Tokyo for the number of beds
taken up by them.” 61

##### Foot Note 61

×

Para 19 of Defence and Counterclaim, found at p 25 of Setting Down Bundle.

This claim was not pursued further. 62

##### Foot Note 62

×

Para 34 of Defendant’s 2nd WS.

42 The Defendant’s claim herein can be answered briefly. To begin, it was not
proved that the Plaintiff had any motive to benefit New Tokyo by giving them a
discounted rate. Further, it was not challenged that Mr Teo had not been
instructed by Mr Tan to increase the bed rate from what was previously charged
($155) 63

##### Foot Note 63

×

Plaintiff’s Bundle of Documents, p 308; Plaintiff’s 1st WS at para 102.

to $240 (which was the bed rate for the other workers). 64

##### Foot Note 64

×

Notes of Evidence dated 27 July 2015 p 48, line 12; para 97 of Plaintiff’s 1st
WS.

It could not be assumed or implied that the Plaintiff was bound to check with
Mr Tan and review every aspect of the business. If anything the converse was
the position: the previous practice would prevail until changed by Mr Tan.
Also, there were no terms in the management contract that imposed this
obligation of checking and reviewing on the Plaintiff. The Defendant had also
not pleaded, or proven, any implied term or fiduciary duty to this effect. 65

##### Foot Note 65

×

Paras 18 and 19 of Defence and Counterclaim (Setting Down Bundle, pp 24 to
25).

43 Finally, I also noted that the sum of $23,123 paid over to the Defendant
corresponded with the invoices issued to New Tokyo for the relevant months. 66

##### Foot Note 66

×

Defendant’s Bundle of Documents, pp 150 and 174; see also para 20.1 of Reply
and Defence to Counterclaim (Setting Down Bundle, p 46).

The Defendant simply failed to prove the loss.

Doka

44 The Defendant’s case was that the Plaintiff failed to invoice Doka for the
rental of the dormitory. 67

##### Foot Note 67

×

Para 19 of Defence and Counterclaim (p 25 of Setting Down Bundle); para 116 of
Plaintiff’s 1st WS.

To be sure, the Defendant’s case should have been specifically pleaded as
being for a net amount of $5,025, which the Defendant said the Plaintiff owed
them by not collecting the same amount as rent from Doka. This final amount
was derived from the Plaintiff’s records 68

##### Foot Note 68

×

Defendant’s Bundle of Documents, p 105.

and covered the rent payable by Doka for the period June 2012 to November
2012. 69

##### Foot Note 69

×

Mr Tan’s AEIC at para 59; para 117 of Plaintiff’s 1st WS.

45 I had no doubt dismissing this claim because Ms Ng had convincingly
answered that Doka had at the same time “provided regular maintenance work and
daily cleaning services” 70

##### Foot Note 70

×

Para 46 of Ms Ng’s AEIC.

and after setting off Doka’s invoices (for such services) to the Defendant
(for September 2012 and October 2012) 71

##### Foot Note 71

×

Defendant’s Bundle of Documents, pp 200 and 203. See 2nd column of Defendant’s
Bundle of Documents, p 105.

against the rent payable by Doka, the Defendant owed Doka $975. 72

##### Foot Note 72

×

Paras 46 and 47 of Ms Ng’s AEIC and p 268 of Plaintiff’s Bundle of Documents.

46 The Defendant then took issue with the work done by Doka, Mr Tan
complaining that, “I do not know what works were done or whether any work was
even done”. 73

##### Foot Note 73

×

Para 44 of Mr Tan’s AEIC; and also para 120 of Plaintiff’s 1st WS.

By the time of the written final submissions, the Defendant’s complaint had
evolved to there being no sub-contract between the Plaintiff and Doka. 74

##### Foot Note 74

×

Para 89 of Defendant’s 1st WS.

47 I found the Defendant’s case to be disingenuous and rejected it. Agreeing
with the Plaintiff’s submissions at para 120 of the Plaintiff’s 1st WS, and
adopting the language of the arguments, my reasons were:

(a) Mr Tan’s answers during cross-examination 75

##### Foot Note 75

×

Notes of Evidence dated 28 July 2015 pp 37 to 42.

and the documentary evidence 76

##### Foot Note 76

×

Plaintiff’s Bundle of Documents, pp 203 to 204.

showed that he had approved and paid Doka for its invoice for August 2012
whose description of work was identical to that in the September and October
2012 invoices;

(b) Mr Tan had signed a letter dated 16 November 2012 on the Defendant’s
behalf addressed to Doka where he informed Doka that its workers had “failed
to perform their duties (clean the premises and do the laundry)”; 77

##### Foot Note 77

×

Plaintiff’s Supplementary Bundle of Documents, p 278.

and

(c) Mr Charles’ testimony 78

##### Foot Note 78

×

Notes of Evidence dated 28 July 2015 p 66, lines 6 to 20.

under cross-examination that he had drafted the said letter of 16 November
2012 and that Doka’s workers, prior to 16 November 2012 and since October
2012, had provided cleaning and laundry services at the dormitory.

48 To make a parting point: as the managing agent with the responsibility of
preparing payment vouchers to creditors, 79

##### Foot Note 79

×

See Plaintiff’s Bundle of Documents, p 254.

the Plaintiff was entitled – on the Defendant’s pleaded case – to rely on
Doka’s invoices to the Defendant 80

##### Foot Note 80

×

Defendant’s Bundle of Documents, pp 200 and 203.

and set off those amounts against the rent payable. Otherwise, the Plaintiff
would be put in the invidious position of running a defence for Doka, and
justifying Doka’s work.

Chin Ping

49 The Defendant’s counterclaim here was that the Plaintiff failed to invoice
or hand over monies collected from Chin Ping. 81

##### Foot Note 81

×

Para 19A of Defence and Counterclaim (p 25 of Setting Down Bundle).

Essentially, the Defendant relied on the Plaintiff’s “out Records”
(Defendant’s Bundle of Documents pp 91 and 92) which showed that six of Chin
Ping’s workers had been staying at the dormitory between 1 June 2012 and
August 2012. 82

##### Foot Note 82

×

Para 95 of Defendant’s 1st WS.

The total amount claimed under this head was $4,103.22.

50 I accepted the Plaintiff’s case that the invoices were issued to and
handled by Chin Kiat Construction Pte Ltd (“Chin Kiat”) for Chin Ping
(Paragraph 20A of Reply and Defence to Counterclaim). 83

##### Foot Note 83

×

Found at pp 46 to 47 of Setting Down Bundle; para 75 of Plaintiff’s 2nd WS.

The Plaintiff showed that Chin Kiat (tenant) and Chin Ping (non-tenant) shared
the same address and had related owners (Tan Buck Yong and Tan Buck Hong). 84

##### Foot Note 84

×

Plaintiff’s Bundle of Documents, pp 285 to 288 and pp 306 to 307.

Mr Teo explained that the practice was for one company to sign the tenancy
agreement with the Plaintiff and the workers from their affiliated company
will come under the same agreement, and be paid for by the first company. 85

##### Foot Note 85

×

Notes of Evidence dated 27 July 2015 p 44, lines 11 to 32 and para 66 of Mr
Teo’s AEIC.

Further, Mr Teo explained in his Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief that the “out
Records” showed the workers’ company as reflected in his work permit, and not
the company that signed the tenancy agreement. 86

##### Foot Note 86

×

Para 66 of Mr Teo’s AEIC.

51 I found that the Defendant failed to prove their case in respect of the six
workers under Chin Ping.

LV Automation

52 The counterclaim in respect of LV Automation boiled down to a claim for
$596.13 for one worker who stayed in the dormitory from June 2012 to 15 August
2012. 87

##### Foot Note 87

×

Defendant’s 1st WS at para 101; Defence and Counterclaim at para 19A.

The Defendant’s 2nd WS at para 31 made it clear that they were relying on the
Plaintiff’s “out Records” as well. But there was a clear notation of “Gower”
against the worker’s name. 88

##### Foot Note 88

×

Defendant’s Bundle of Documents, p 91.

I accepted the Plaintiff’s case (including the relationship between Gower Pte
Ltd (“Gower”) and LV Automation) 89

##### Foot Note 89

×

Para 134 of Plaintiff’s 1st WS.

that the worker’s rent was paid under Gower’s account. The Defendant failed to
show that the worker’s rent was not paid to them.

Conclusion

53 In summary, my decision was as follows (the details were in the Order of
Court dated 28 October 2015):

(a) I allowed the Plaintiff’s main claim and found that the agreement between
the parties was for the sale of the Plaintiff’s entire dormitory business to
the Defendant, with the value of the business to be separately assessed.

(b) I dismissed the Defendant’s counterclaims concerning double rent, New
Tokyo, Doka, Chin Ping and LV Automation.

Foo Chee Hock  
Judicial Commissioner

Chia Foon Yeow (Loo & Partners LLP) for the Plaintiff;  
Teh Ee-Von (Infinitus Law Corporation) for the Defendant.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 11 Jan 2022 (19:48 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

