Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the republic of singapore

[2016] SGHC 73

Criminal Motion No 4 of 2016

Phua Han Chuan Jeffery

v

Public Prosecutor

judgment

[Criminal Law] — [Statutory offences] — [Misuse of Drugs Act] — [Discretion of
court not to impose sentence of death when offender was suffering from an
abnormality of mind]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Phua Han Chuan Jeffery

  
v

  

Public Prosecutor

[2016] SGHC 73

High Court — Criminal Motion No 4 of 2016  
Choo Han Teck J  
10 March 2016

22 April 2016 Judgment reserved.

Choo Han Teck J:

1 The applicant was 26 years old in 2011 when he was convicted before this
court for importing not less than 104.21g of diamorphine which he had tried to
smuggle into Singapore in a car. He was convicted on 21 September 2011. The
Misuse of Drugs Act (Cap 185, 2008 Rev Ed) (“MDA”) was amended thereafter and
the relevant provisions took effect on 1 January 2013. Prior to 2013, any
accused person convicted of importing more than 15g of diamorphine faced the
mandatory death penalty. The applicant’s appeal against conviction was
dismissed by the Court of Appeal on 25 July 2012. He then made two more
attempts to have his conviction overturned but those applications (CM 74 of
2013 and CM 6 of 2015) to the Court of Appeal were dismissed on 17 March 2014
and 30 September 2015 respectively. By this application (CM 4 of 2016) the
applicant is applying to be re-sentenced to be spared the death penalty on
account of an abnormality of mind. His application is made pursuant to s
33B(1)(b) of the MDA. Section 33B(1) and s 33B(3) of the MDA read as follows:

33B.— (1) Where a person commits or attempts to commit an offence under
section 5(1) or 7, being an offence punishable with death under the sixth
column of the Second Schedule, and he is convicted thereof, the court —

(a) may, if the person satisfies the requirements of subsection (2), instead
of imposing the death penalty, sentence the person to imprisonment for life
and, if the person is sentenced to life imprisonment, he shall also be
sentenced to caning of not less than 15 strokes; or

(b) shall, if the person satisfies the requirements of subsection (3), instead
of imposing the death penalty, sentence the person to imprisonment for life.

(2) …

(3) The requirements referred to in subsection (1)(b) are that the person
convicted proves, on a balance of probabilities, that —

(a) his involvement in the offence under section 5(1) or 7 was restricted —

(i) to transporting, sending or delivering a controlled drug;

(ii) to offering to transport, send or deliver a controlled drug;

(iii) to doing or offering to do any act preparatory to or for the purpose of
his transporting, sending or delivering a controlled drug; or

(iv) to any combination of activities in sub-paragraphs (i), (ii) and (iii);
and

(b) he was suffering from such abnormality of mind (whether arising from a
condition of arrested or retarded development of mind or any inherent causes
or induced by disease or injury) as substantially impaired his mental
responsibility for his acts and omissions in relation to the offence under
section 5(1) or 7.

For the applicant to succeed under s 33B(3) he must satisfy two conditions.
First, the applicant must show that he committed the offence merely as a
courier, ie his involvement was restricted to the activities listed in s
33B(3)(a) of the MDA. Secondly, he must also prove, on a balance of
probabilities, that he was suffering from an abnormality of mind that
substantially impaired his mental responsibility for his criminal act. I am
satisfied that the first condition is met in the present application. The
Public Prosecutor, who is the respondent, does not dispute that the applicant
was merely a courier. However, the Public Prosecutor contends that the
applicant does not meet the second condition.

2 Two witnesses testified, one for the applicant and one for the Public
Prosecutor. Dr Munidasa Winslow, a psychiatrist in private practice, testified
on behalf of the applicant, and Dr Kenneth G W W Koh, a psychiatrist from the
Institute of Mental Health, testified on behalf of the respondent. Dr Winslow
produced a medical report that he had written jointly with Dr Julia Lam, a
forensic psychologist. Dr Koh produced two written reports. The two
psychiatrists (Dr Winslow and Dr Koh) agree that the applicant was suffering
from Persistent Depressive Disorder (formerly known as Dysthymia) and
Substance Use Disorder (Ketamine Dependence). The applicant had reported
taking 1-2g of ketamine on a daily basis since several months prior to the
date of the offence and both psychiatrists agree that with such a “moderately
high” dose of ketamine consumption, the applicant would have been suffering
from some mental incapacity. There was therefore sufficient evidence that the
applicant was suffering from an abnormality of mind. Although DPP Mr Terence
Chua submitted that the applicant might not have been a chronic ketamine
abuser on the account that he had, in a previous statement to the Central
Narcotics Bureau (“CNB”), claimed that he had generally kept off ketamine for
about three months before he was arrested for the current offence of illegally
importing diamorphine, except for one single episode of consumption three days
before he was arrested, the accuracy of this portion of the applicant’s
statement to the CNB was not an issue that was fully explored at the trial.
Section 33B(3)(b) further provides that for the application to succeed, the
abnormality of mind must be the result of a condition of “arrested or retarded
development of mind”, an “inherent cause”, or must have been “induced by
disease or injury”. Dr Winslow testified that Ketamine Dependence causes an
abnormality of mind “induced by injury”.

3 In law, an offender cannot say that he committed the offence because he was
under the influence of alcohol if he had intentionally consumed it so as to
facilitate his offence, nor can an offender similarly claim to be under the
influence of drugs deliberately consumed. Drugs and alcohol may affect the
mental awareness of an offender but the offender cannot rely on them as a
defence when he intentionally consumed drugs or alcohol before committing the
offence. This law is founded more on policy than on philosophy. It will not
allow offenders to take drugs or alcohol to give themselves a reason or false
courage to commit crime.

4 The applicant in the present case was not merely suffering from the effects
of self-induced, acute intoxication. Both Dr Winslow and Dr Koh agree that the
applicant was a chronic abuser of fairly high doses of ketamine, and Dr
Winslow gave further evidence that based on his experience, one can assume
that the applicant’s brain would have undergone some changes resulting from
such ketamine abuse. DPP Terence Chua contended that Dr Winslow’s testimony
was not supported by scans of the applicant’s brain proving that his Ketamine
Dependence did cause actual brain injury. This may be the case. Nonetheless, I
cannot ignore the fact that apart from Ketamine Dependence, the applicant was
also suffering from Persistent Depressive Disorder. Persistent Depressive
Disorder clearly constitutes an abnormality of mind arising from an “inherent
cause” and our courts have accepted it as such: see, for instance Public
Prosecutor v Tengku Jonaris Badlishah [1999] 1 SLR(R) 800 at [61]. The
evidence before me is that there was a correlation between the applicant’s
Ketamine Dependence and his Persistent Depressive Disorder. Both Dr Winslow
and Dr Koh reported that the applicant had related to them on how he had
resorted to ketamine in order to self-medicate his chronic low mood and poor
esteem, as the substance numbed him physically and emotionally. He also told
them that there were several occasions where he overdosed on ketamine, hoping
to end his life. According to Dr Winslow’s testimony, the applicant told him
that he (the applicant) found life meaningless and did not wish to face the
world. I am satisfied from the two psychiatrists’ medical reports and their
testimonies in court that the applicant was, in the totality of circumstances
owing to his conditions of Persistent Depressive Disorder and Ketamine
Dependence, suffering from an abnormality of mind whether arising from an
inherent cause or induced by disease or injury.

5 That only satisfies the first part of s 33B(3)(b). The law further requires
the applicant not only to be suffering from such abnormality of mind but also
that that abnormality had “substantially impaired his mental responsibility
for his acts and omissions in relation to the offence [that he was convicted
of]”. This is a fact for the court to determine. The doctors have done their
job, without much dispute in this case, in concurring that the applicant
suffered from an abnormality of mind. In the course of their reports and
evidence, however, both doctors gave their opinions as to how the abnormality
had or had not affected the applicant’s thinking and behaviour. Their views
are important and useful, and I take them into account, but the critical
question remains whether the abnormality of mind had substantially impaired
the applicant’s mental responsibility for his acts and omissions in relation
to the offence.

6 Insanity (under s 84 of the General Exceptions in the Penal Code (Cap 224,
2008 Rev Ed)) has been part of our laws since the Penal Code was first
promulgated in Singapore, and diminished responsibility is provided as
Exception 7 to the crime of murder in s 300 of the Penal Code in 1961. They
are both defences that are based on a lack of mental capacity by reason of an
illness of the mind. Section 33B(3)(b) of the MDA is identical in the crucial
wording to that of Exception 7. Section 33B(3)(b), unlike Exception 7, is not
a defence but provides an alternative to the otherwise mandatory sentence of
death.

7 The problem that the courts have with insanity and diminished responsibility
in the criminal law lies not so much in the fact that these defences require
medical evidence of a mental illness. Psychiatry as a branch of medicine has
established criteria for the illnesses under its domain. That is why there is
no dispute between Dr Koh and Dr Winslow as to the psychiatric condition of
the applicant. But psychiatric defences in law have a non-medical component
woven into them – the requirement that the mental illness had “substantially
impaired [the] mental responsibility for [the accused’s] acts and omissions”.
This is a legal requirement which tends to make doctors uncomfortable. That is
why disagreement between Dr Koh and Dr Winslow arose only when they were
attempting to incorporate this non-medical portion into their medical opinion.

8 Dr Winslow is of the view that the applicant’s conditions of Persistent
Depressive Disorder as well as Ketamine Dependence had, individually and
collectively, “substantially impaired his judgement, impulse control and
decision-making in agreeing to be a courier without seriously thinking through
the possible consequences of his actions. This lack of forethought to
seriously consider the seriousness of possible consequences of his actions
could be deduced from his attempts to take his own life when depressed” (sic).
Ketamine is a strong drug. It is also used for tranquilising horses. It is
addictive. Dr Winslow produced a research report by Celia J. A. Morgan, Leslie
Muetzelfeldt, and H. Valerie Curran on ketamine addiction: “Ketamine use,
cognition and psychological wellbeing: a comparison of frequent, infrequent
and ex-users with polydrug and non-using controls” (2009) Addiction 104,
77-87. This is just one report, and it was introduced to support Dr Winslow’s
view that ketamine use affects the mind in a material way. Dr Winslow also
testified that a person like the applicant who is a chronic user of ketamine
will be more greatly affected.

9 Dr Koh, on the other hand, maintained that the applicant’s psychiatric
disturbances of Persistent Depressive Disorder and Ketamine Dependence “did
not significantly impair his mental responsibility for his actions (amounting
to the offence)”. He set out various reasons leading to his conclusion. First,
Dr Koh testified that he had interviewed the applicant’s sister who “reported
no abnormal behaviour observed in [the applicant] around the time of the
offence”. However, Dr Winslow interviewed the same sister and she told him
that there was an instance about a month before the offence when the applicant
was very agitated and had punched her. Dr Winslow further testified that even
though persons like the applicant who are suffering from Ketamine Dependence
and Persistent Depressive Disorders may be mentally impaired in many ways
(such as in the way they process things, develop ideas, and make plans for the
future) , they are normal in outward appearance. When cross-examined, Dr Koh
accepted that it is possible that the applicant’s sister might have
inadvertently forgotten to mention the punching incident on the single
occasion when he met her, and conceded further that even if the applicant’s
sister had indeed not observed any abnormal behaviour in the applicant, this
does not mean that his mind was not impaired.

10 Secondly, Dr Koh was of the view that the applicant had shown that he was
able to plan and perform complex, organised actions in his commission of the
offence. Dr Winslow, under cross-examination, compared a person in the
applicant’s circumstances with a person charged for drunk driving. He said
that a person might be in full control of his vehicle, but the law deems him
incapable because a person under the influence of alcohol has four times the
risk of crashing his vehicle.

11 Thirdly, Dr Koh testified that the applicant’s ability to drive a car from
Singapore to Malaysia and back is indicative of cognitive and motor
functioning that are inconsistent with the severe cognitive impairments that
Dr Winslow said the applicant was suffering from. But Dr Winslow clarified
during his cross-examination that in his assessment, the key mental impairment
that affected the applicant’s mental responsibility for his acts is with
respect to his ability to make rational judgment and decisions. He likened the
ability to drive a car as being akin to riding a bicycle; once you have learnt
it, you can carry it out quite well.

12 Fourthly, Dr Koh disagreed that the applicant’s conditions of Persistent
Depressive Disorder and Ketamine Dependence had substantially impaired his
ability of impulse control, as the applicant had agreed to import drugs into
Singapore at least two weeks before the actual commission of the offence. It
is also the Public Prosecutor’s case that as the applicant had ample time to
deliberate over whether he wanted to do the job, his eventual decision to
proceed cannot be said to have been made on impulse.

13 Finally, Dr Koh expressed his opinion that there was no substantial
impairment of the applicant’s judgment and decision-making ability. He noted
that the applicant “was able to enter in an agreement to perform a service for
monetary remuneration”, was “aware that he was to traffic drugs into
Singapore, and knew that it was wrong to do so”, and was “also aware that if
caught, he would be subject to legal punishment.” It was the applicant’s
testimony that he thought that he was illegally importing Erimin-5 (and not
diamorphine), and that he believed that if he was caught with Erimin-5, he
would most likely only get a fine or in default of that, a jail sentence.
This, Dr Koh said, is evidence that the applicant was able to and did weigh
the consequences of his actions. Dr Koh also wrote in his report that the
applicant’s “claim that he had been deceived into believing that he was only
smuggling Erimin (a sleeping pill) into Singapore, and therefore his defence
of ignorance, cannot be equated to a substantial lack of judgement.” During
his examination-in-chief, Dr Winslow agreed with Dr Koh that the applicant
knew what was right and wrong and that he had made a decision to do something
that was wrong. Further, when DPP Terence Chua pointed out to Dr Winslow in
cross-examination that the applicant had said that he had sought assurance
that he was indeed undertaking to import Erimin-5 and not something else, Dr
Winslow conceded that this demonstrated the applicant’s ability to appreciate
the risk inherent in the enterprise and to exercise caution.

14 DPP Terence Chua relied on the abovementioned portion of Dr Koh’s and Dr
Winslow’s testimonies. However, that portion of their evidence rests on
statements made earlier by the applicant that he had no knowledge that he was
importing diamorphine because he believed that what he was carrying was
Erimin-5. This was his defence against conviction, and I had rejected that
defence at the trial and the Court of Appeal had dismissed the applicant’s
appeal. The prosecution should not, therefore, rely so heavily on the
applicant’s testimony with respect to Erimin-5 (which testimony has been
established to be untrue) to now assert that the applicant had the ability to
make rational decisions and to take calculated risks at the time of his
commission of the offence.

15 Even if the applicant knew that what he was doing was wrong and risky, he
may still lack the will to resist the commission of the offence and “a man may
know what he is doing and intend to do it and yet suffer from such abnormality
of mind as substantially impairs his mental responsibility” (per Lord Tucker
in Elvan Rose v The Queen [1961] AC 496 at 508, quoted with approval in Ong
Pang Siew v Public Prosecutor [2011] 1 SLR 606 at [62]). Dr Winslow maintained
that the applicant’s conditions of Persistent Depressive Disorder and Ketamine
Dependence had influenced the way that he thought about things and the way
that he had behaved. As a result of the two conditions, the applicant focused
on getting his immediate needs met, while disregarding future consequences of
his actions. Hence, decisions made by the applicant would have, in Dr
Winslow’s words, been “based on an impaired brain making stupid decisions”.
Given that both Dr Koh and Dr Winslow are in agreement that the applicant was
a chronic drug abuser who took moderately high doses of ketamine on a daily
basis in the period leading up to the commission of the offence (see [2]
above), I am of the view that his ability in decision-making and impulse
control would have been impaired throughout the entire two-week period from
when he first agreed to import the drugs to his actual commission of the
offence.

16 I now return to the area in which it is easy to get entangled in semantics,
and I hope to avoid the snare even as I am compelled to consider the question
of whether the applicant’s mental illness and ketamine addiction had
substantially “impaired his mental responsibility” for his act of illegally
importing controlled drugs. Mental responsibility is probably a broader
concept than the mental element such as knowledge or intention required to
constitute the offence. Section 33B(3)(b) is intended to cover a diverse range
of circumstances. It is not intended to create a cascade of new legal
categories. Section 33B(3)(b) does not require an inquiry into the applicant’s
moral cognisance in this case, but it is probably wide enough to apply to
cases in which the abnormality of mind leads the offender to be incapable of
distinguishing right from wrong, but this is not such a case. The applicant
knew that he was committing an illegal act. However, s 33B(3)(b) also does not
require the abnormality of mind to be the cause that led to the applicant’s
act of illegally importing controlled drugs. What led the applicant to commit
the offence was a complex mix of fact and circumstances that is not amenable
to analysis so as to identify the cause of his act. The closest we can
reasonably determine is the question of whether the abnormality of mind had an
influence on the applicant’s ability to resist the act in question. If that is
the inquiry, and I believe that it is, then with the benefit of the evidence
of both psychiatrists, especially Dr Winslow’s, I conclude that the
applicant’s abnormality of mind arising from his mental illness and ketamine
addiction did impair his mental responsibility for the act.

17 The next question is also not easy to answer. Was the impairment
substantial? This is also not a question that can be answered with direct
evidence but it is a necessary question. If the applicant were a person free
of the illness and addiction that afflicted him, and had carried out the
offence of illegally importing diamorphine, he would have no mitigation to
save him from the mandatory death sentence for no rational person would have
knowingly or intentionally committed what is clearly a serious offence. He
must have done it for financial gain, and was thus prepared for the risks.
Section 33B(1)(b) is not intended for such a person. The learned DPP drew my
attention to an extract of the speech by the Minister for Law, Mr K Shanmugam
in Singapore Parliamentary Debates, Official Reports (14 November 2012) vol
89, where the Minister said that under s 33B(1)(b), “[g]enuine cases of mental
disability are recognised, while, errors of judgment will not afford a
defence”. That has always been the position of the criminal law. The present
case is, however, not a case where the applicant had made a mere error of
judgment. The applicant here was suffering from a mental disability as
ascertained by the experts. In the present case, I am satisfied, from the
facts and medical evidence of his Persistent Depressive Disorder and Ketamine
Dependence, that the applicant was probably incapable of resisting any
internal rationality that might have dissuaded him from committing the
offence.

18 The applicant is an individual. He has a name. His name is Phua Han Chuan
Jeffery. He was 25 years old when he committed this offence in 2010. Only a
couple of months before that, in October 2009, he was charged for driving
while under the influence of ketamine. Had he freed himself from drugs after
that would he have been here before this court now? I think probably not, but
young as he is, he had a troubled life from bullying and insecurity from
childhood to youth. He is not given a certificate of substantive assistance by
the CNB. We do not know why. He might not have much assistance to give. He
might have declined to assist, in which event, we do not know if his
depressive illness had any connection to that attitude. Section 33B(1)(a) and
s 33B(1)(b) are distinct categories and it is therefore unnecessary for this
court to find any connection between his non-assistance and his abnormality of
mind. The language of the law here is precise and simple. Life, on the other
hand, is not so. Every life is complex in its own way. The mandatory death
penalty has been the law for a long time and I do not think that in providing
the changes set out in s 33B Parliament has become more lenient towards drug
trafficking. This crime is no less serious today than it was before the
amendment. But rehabilitation can augment deterrence. Drug offenders are often
themselves addicts, and hence part of the reasons for long custodial sentences
for drug offenders is to keep them away from drugs as long as possible. The
hope is that they will not return to drugs upon release. But it is pointless
to release a prisoner after decades in prison if he finds that life outside
prison is no better for him. Keeping him physically away from drugs is only
half the solution. His mind must also be free, and thus, rehabilitation is
crucial. The prospects of successful rehabilitation depend on the programmes
and the facilities for it. A successful rehabilitation benefits the offender,
his family, and society. It also reduces the prison population and lessens the
strain on crime enforcement. That may have been the greater goal of the
legislative change for offenders such as Phua Han Chuan Jeffery. He is a young
man who has a mental illness and who also had a ketamine addiction, but seems
to me a life that is amenable to rehabilitation. Although he had illegally
imported a large quantity of diamorphine, that must be taken into
consideration as part of the complexity of his case.

19 Taking into account the matters I have stated, I am of the view that the
abnormality of mind arising from the applicant’s mental illness and ketamine
addiction had substantially impaired the mental responsibility for his act of
committing the offence for which he was convicted. I therefore allow his
application and impose the sentence of imprisonment for life with effect from
the date of his remand.

\- Sgd -  
Choo Han Teck  
Judge

Chia Soo Michael (MSC Law Corporation) and Prasad s/o Karunakarn (K Prasad &
Co) for applicant;  
Terence Chua and Tan Wee Hao (Attorney-General’s Chambers) for respondent

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:39 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

