Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the COURT OF APPEAL of the republic of singapore

[2016] SGCA 58

Criminal Appeal No 13 of 2015  
Criminal Appeal No 18 of 2015

Between

HALIFFIE BIN MAMAT  
---  
  
… Appellant

And

PUBLIC PROSECUTOR  
---  
  
… Respondent

Criminal Appeal No 17 of 2015

Between

PUBLIC PROSECUTOR  
---  
  
… Appellant

And

HALIFFIE BIN MAMAT  
---  
  
… Respondent

Judgment

[Criminal Law] — [Offences] — [Rape]

[Criminal Procedure and Sentencing]

* * *

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Haliffie bin Mamat

  
v

  

Public Prosecutor & other appeals

[2016] SGCA 58

Court of Appeal — Criminal Appeals No 13, 17 and 18 of 2015  
Sundaresh Menon CJ, Chao Hick Tin JA and Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA  
20 April 2016, 6 September 2016

14 October 2016 Judgment reserved.

Chao Hick Tin JA (delivering the judgment of the court):

Introduction

1  Haliffie bin Mamat (“Haliffie”) was convicted of one count of rape under s
375(1) of the Penal Code (Cap 224, 2008 Rev Ed) (“Penal Code”), and one count
of robbery under s 390 of the Penal Code. At trial, Haliffie admitted to the
robbery charge (save that he disputed some of the items listed in the charge),
but denied the rape charge, claiming that the victim (“the Victim”) had
consented to sexual intercourse. Following the conviction, the High Court
judge (“the Judge”) sentenced Haliffie to 13 years’ imprisonment and 18
strokes of the cane (10 years and 6 strokes for the rape, and 3 years 12
strokes for the robbery). 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

PP v Haliffie Bin Mamat [2015] SGHC 224 (“the GD”) at [50]

2 From that decision of the Judge, three appeals have been filed. On 3 June
2015, by way of Criminal Appeal No 13 of 2015, Haliffie appealed the global
sentence imposed on him. A week later, on 10 June 2015, he filed a second
appeal, Criminal Appeal No 18 of 2015 (“CCA 18/2015”), against his conviction
on the rape charge. In the meantime, the Prosecution also filed an appeal,
Criminal Appeal No 17 of 2015, against the sentence imposed by the Judge on
the rape charge. At the hearing of the appeals before us, Haliffie maintains
his defence that the Victim had consented to the sexual intercourse.
Therefore, the only issue that arises for our determination in relation to the
appeal against conviction is whether the sexual intercourse was consensual.

The charges

3 The rape charge, as amended during trial, reads as follows:

You, Haliffie Bin Mamat, are charged that you, on 4th May 2013, at between
about 6.30am and 6.45am, in motor vehicle SGN 9936 J at the bridge along
Kallang Bahru Road, Singapore, did commit rape of one [the Victim] ... by
penetrating the vagina of [the Victim] with your penis without her consent,
and you have thereby committed an offence under section 375(1) of the Penal
Code (Cap 224, 2008 Rev Ed) punishable under section 375(2) of the said Code.

4 The robbery charge reads as follows:

You, Haliffie Bin Mamat, are charged that you, on 4th May 2013, at between
about 6.30am and 6.45am, in the motor vehicle SGN9936J at the bridge along
Kallang Bahru Road, Singapore, did commit robbery of the following items:

• Louis Vuitton “Palermo” handbag valued at $1630;

• Louis Vuitton purse valued at about $700;

• Samsung Galaxy Ace 2 phone valued at $290;

• Samsung Galaxy S3 phone valued at about $1000;

• Cash of about $300;

• Chanel makeup set valued at about $240;

• Bvlgari perfume valued at about $130;

• One EZlink card;

• One UOB-Amex credit card;

• One Standard Chartered credit card;

• One POSB ATM card;

• One UOB ATM card;

• One Identity Card (bearing NRIC No: SXXXXXXXX)

in the possession of [the Victim] ... by voluntarily causing hurt to the said
[the Victim] in order to commit theft, and you have thereby committed an
offence punishable under section 392 of the Penal Code (Cap 224, 2008 Rev Ed).

The facts

5 Given that Haliffie and the Victim have given inconsistent accounts of what
happened on the fateful morning in the motor vehicle, we shall first set out
the undisputed facts, and then proceed to outline the areas where their
accounts differ.

The undisputed facts

6 In the early morning of 4 May 2013, at around 6am, the Victim was waiting
for a taxi along River Valley Road after drinking and dancing at a club
nearby. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

ROP vol 3b at p968, para 4

A small car stopped in front of her and the driver offered her a lift. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

ROP vol 3b at p968-969, para 5-6;

The car was driven by Haliffie. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

ROP vol 3 at p21, paras 10-11

The Victim accepted Haliffie’s offer and got into the car.

7 After driving for a while, Haliffie eventually stopped his car at a bridge
in Kallang Bahru. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

ROP vol 3 at p22, para 13

Haliffie went over to the passenger seat and placed himself on top of the
Victim. He then sexually penetrated her. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

ROP vol 3b at p970, para 16; ROP vol 3 at p22-23, para 14

As stated, there is dispute as to whether the sex was consensual. Thereafter,
Haliffie returned to the driver’s seat and continued driving for a few hundred
metres. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

ROP vol 3b at p971, paras 18-19; ROP vol 3 at p23, para 16

Haliffie then stopped the car again, opened the front seat passenger door, and
pushed the Victim out of the car without her bag, which was then on the back
seat. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

ROP vol 3b at p971, para 19-20; ROP vol 3 at p23, para 16-17

Haliffie’s account

8 Earlier on 3 May 2013, between 8pm and 9 pm, Haliffie left his Bukit Batok
flat and drove off in his car after quarrelling with his wife about finances.
9

##### Foot Note 9

×

ROP vol 3 at p19-20, paras 5-7

He first went to the skate park near Somerset MRT, and then at about 11pm, he
went to look for his best friend Hafiz at Lorong 25 Geylang. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

ROP vol 3 at p20, para 7

At about 1am or 2am in the morning on 4 May 2013, Haliffie then went to look
for another friend, Siddarth, who was working as a bartender at Clarke Quay.
11

##### Foot Note 11

×

ROP vol 3 at p20, para 8

He spent some time with Siddarth at the bar, and left at about 4.45am. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

ROP vol 3 at p21, para 9

9 A short while after driving off, Haliffie was on River Valley road where he
saw the Victim walking alone at a bus stop. Given his money woes, he decided
to rob her. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

ROP vol 3 at p21, para 10

He claimed that he stopped to offer the Victim a lift home, hoping that she
would put her hand bag in the car first so that he could drive off with it. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

ROP vol 3 at p21, para 11

The Victim however came into the car with her bag and so Haliffie drove off
with her. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

ROP vol 3 at p22, para 12

10 The parties exchanged names and had a conversation about their backgrounds.
16

##### Foot Note 16

×

ROP vol 3 at p22, para 12

Haliffie alleged that he asked the Victim “Do you like sex?”, to which the
Victim replied, “Who doesn’t?”. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

ROP vol 3 at p22, para 13

Following that exchange, Haliffie touched the Victim’s right thigh using his
left hand and the Victim held his left hand while he touched her. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

ROP vol 3 at p29

In the meantime, Haliffie drove around looking for a quiet place to rob the
Victim. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

ROP vol 3 at p22, para 13

He ended up along Kallang Bahru, where he stopped his car on the bridge
because it was quiet and no one was around. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

ROP vol 3 at p22, para 13

Haliffie claimed that while he originally intended to push the Victim out and
drive off with her bag, he instead jumped over to her in the passenger’s seat.
21

##### Foot Note 21

×

ROP vol 3 at p22, para 14

At that point, the Victim swung her bag toward the rear seat. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

ROP vol 3 at p23, para 16

Haliffie described in his statement what happened thereafter in the following
words: 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

ROP vol 3 at p22-23, para 14

… But then, I don’t know why I just jumped over to her and position myself in
between her legs. Her dress was very short and I simply put my right [hand]
under her dress and I used my right hand to brush away her panties and I put
my right hand under panties and rubbed her vagina. She wasn’t wearing seatbelt
and while I was rubbing her vagina, she put both her hands behind my neck and
she grabbed my neck and because of that, I had to move my head forward and I
kissed her lips. We started kissing and while kissing, I pulled down ¾ pants
together boxer till below my knees level. I then put my penis into her vagina
and had sex with her. I felt her vagina was wet and very fast, I ejaculated
inside her. I then pulled out my penis and she used her right hand to stroke
my penis for [a] while before I jumped over to the driver seat. I then pulled
up my ¾ pants and I asked her ‘You like it?’ and she replied ‘Ya’ and I drove
off.

11 Haliffie drove off for a distance of about 100m to 200m only, and then
stopped the car, opened the front passenger door, and used his left hand to
push the Victim out of the car. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

ROP vol 3 at p23, para 16

Thereafter, he drove off, reaching home at about 7.15am. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

ROP vol 3 at p23-24, para 18-19

Haliffie looked through the Victim’s handbag, and took out from it a $10 note,
four $2 notes, her EZlink card, her Bvlgari perfume, as well as a Samsung Ace
2 Black handphone. He then dumped the bag with everything else in it next to
the dustbin. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

ROP vol 3 at p24, para 19-20

On the same morning, Haliffie sold the Samsung Ace 2 handphone. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

ROP vol 3 at p24, para 20

He then returned to his flat to sleep. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

ROP vol 3 at p24, para 21

The Victim’s account

12 On the night of 3 May 2013, because the Victim had difficulty sleeping, she
went to a club at Clarke Quay at about 1.30am on 4 May 2013. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

ROP vol 3b at p968, para 2

The Victim drank alcohol and danced until the club closed at 5am. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

ROP vol 3b at p968, para 3

After leaving the club, she had some difficulty getting a taxi; she spent
about an hour in vain trying to flag one. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

ROP vol 3b at p968, para 4-5

While she was waiting for a taxi along River Valley Road, a small car stopped
in front of her. 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

ROP vol 3b at p968, para 5

The window of the front passenger door was wound down, and the driver, who we
now know is Haliffie, offered the Victim a lift further up the road where she
could get a taxi more easily. 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

ROP vol 3b at p968-969, para 5-6

The Victim accepted the lift and got into the car. 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

ROP vol 3b at p969, para 7

13 The Victim gave inconsistent evidence as to whether, during the journey in
the car, she spoke to Haliffie, but she was sure that the conversation did not
involve anything sexual in nature. 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

ROP vol 3b at p969, para 7

At some point, when the Victim saw some taxis with “green lights” along the
road, she asked Haliffie to stop, but he offered to take her all the way home.
36

##### Foot Note 36

×

ROP vol 3b at p969, para 8

The Victim claims that she then dozed off for a while. 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

ROP vol 3b at p969, para 8-9

14 Five to 10 minutes later, the Victim woke up and noticed that the car was
stationary. 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

ROP vol 3b at p969, para 11

The Victim told Haliffie that she would like to alight. 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

ROP vol 3b at p969, para 11

At that point, Haliffie took her handbag, threw it to the back seat and went
over to the front passenger seat, on top of the Victim. 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

ROP vol 3b at p969-970, para 11-12

This is the Victim’s account of the rape that then took place: 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

ROP vol 3b at p970-971, para 12-18

I shouted for help. The driver became violent and came over from his seat. His
body came on top of me. I struggled as he held on to my right hand. I managed
to free my right hand from his grip at one point and used it to attract the
attention of the drivers of the passing cars. He then grabbed my right hand
and hit it against something hard in the car, thus causing me pain.

At that time, it was dark and raining. The driver then tried to kiss me. While
restraining my right hand with his hand, he removed his t-shirt with his other
hand. I tried to use my left hand to reach for my handbag as I wanted to get
my handphone to call the police.

The driver lowered his “three quarter pants” and I knew that he wanted to rape
me. I struggled but his knees were pressing against my right thigh area. He
tried to kiss me on my lips but I turned my head away.

I then used my left hand and tried to reach for my left shoe as I wanted to
use it to hit him. He used both his knees to restrain both my thighs and I
could not move freely. I eventually managed to grab my left shoe and used it
to hit him. He was on top of me and I only managed to hit the back of his
right waist. The man then grabbed my left hand. By then, he had already
completely removed his three quarter pants by “shaking his body”. I could not
see his penis at that point, but I felt his erected penis coming into contact
with my right thigh.

I continued to put up a struggle. The man then pulled my hair and it was very
painful. As I struggled, he lifted up my dress, used his hand to push my
panties from my left to the right and inserted his penis into my vagina. I
spat on him several times. He then used his body to pin me down and I could
not move. He moved his body and his penis moved back and forth inside my
vagina. He also moaned and used both his hands to hold my hands as his body
pinned me down. I struggled but in vain.

At one point, my right hand managed to break free. He again grabbed my right
hand and hit it against something hard in the car, thus causing me pain. He
told me “you can’t do anything and just enjoy”. He was smiling and I saw his
teeth. He seemed to be mocking me.

The man said he was “coming” and he then ejaculated inside my vagina. I felt
something sticky and wet at my groin area. He then asked me whether I enjoyed
it and I spat at him. The man returned to his seat. The man’s penis was inside
my vagina for about one to two minutes.

15 At this juncture, we should observe that when testifying in court, the
Victim’s evidence was that she was not sure whether Haliffie had ejaculated
into her. Thereafter, Haliffie returned to the driver’s seat and the Victim
told him that she wanted to call the police. Haliffie then drove forward for a
short distance, stopped the car, opened the front passenger door, and kicked
the Victim out of the car. The Victim fell onto the road with one shoe in her
hand. 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

ROP vol 3b at p971, para 19

16  The Victim sustained some injuries from the fall, but managed to get up
and walk to seek help. 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

ROP vol 3b at p971, para 20-21

She approached a taxi that had stopped along the road. She told the driver,
one Onn Bin Mokri (“Mr Onn”), that she had been raped and asked the driver to
bring her to the police station. 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

ROP vol 3b at p971, para 21

The driver agreed, but stopped at an apartment block on the way to pick up a
lady, one Normah Binte Salim (“Ms Normah”). The lady asked the Victim what
happened, and the Victim told her that she had been raped. 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

ROP vol 3b at p971, para 21

At the police station, the Victim told the police officers what had happened.
46

##### Foot Note 46

×

ROP vol 3b at p971, para 21

The Victim was then conveyed to the hospital. 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

ROP vol 3b at p971, para 21

The decision in the court below

17  The trial took place in the High Court from 18 to 22 May 2015 and 25 to 27
May 2015. As mentioned, the Judge convicted Haliffie of rape under s 375(1) of
the Penal Code and sentenced him to 10 years’ imprisonment and six strokes of
the cane. The Judge also convicted him of robbery and sentenced him to three
years’ imprisonment and 12 strokes of the cane for the robbery. The total
sentence was therefore 13 years’ imprisonment and 18 strokes of the cane. The
High Court’s decision is reported as Public Prosecutor v Haliffie Bin Mamat
[2015] SGHC 224 (“the GD”).

Conviction

18 Haliffie generally admitted to the robbery charge, but disputed only some
items listed therein. Preferring the evidence of the Victim to Haliffie’s, the
Judge accepted that the items listed in the charge were in the Victim’s
handbag, which was taken by Haliffie. There is no appeal against the robbery
conviction and therefore, this finding need not be discussed any further.

19 On the rape charge, the Judge found that the Prosecution had proven beyond
a reasonable doubt that Haliffie had raped the Victim (the GD at [31]). The
Judge arrived at his finding on the following grounds:

(a) First, the Judge found that the shortcomings, omissions and slight
inconsistencies in the Victim’s evidence were “unexceptional in the recalling
and retelling of an unexpected and physiologically and psychologically
traumatic event that happened without warning and was over in a few minutes”
(the GD at [31]).

(b) Second, the persons who came into contact with the Victim soon after the
incident gave evidence that the Victim was distraught, dishevelled, and had
complained that she was raped. These persons include Mr Onn, Ms Normah, the
two officers at Geylang Neighbourhood Police Centre and the two medical
officers who attended to the Victim right after the incident (the GD at [32]).

(c) Third, Haliffie’s DNA was found in the Victim’s fingernail clippings,
supporting the Victim’s account of their struggle in the car and the scratches
to Haliffie’s left arm and elbow (the GD at [32]).

(d) Fourth, Haliffie provided strong evidence of his guilt in his caution
statement dated 7 May 2013 by failing to deny the allegation in the charge put
to him that the sex was without consent (the GD at [33]).

(e) Fifth, as mentioned, the Judge found that the Victim was a more reliable
witness than Haliffie (the GD at [35]).

Sentence

20 Before the High Court, both the Prosecution and the defence submitted that
the appropriate sentence for the robbery charge was three years’ imprisonment
and 12 strokes of the cane. That was the sentence given for the robbery
charge. For the rape charge, the Judge sentenced Haliffie to the benchmark
sentence of ten years’ imprisonment and six strokes of the cane for Category 1
rape (see Public Prosecutor v NF [2006] 4 SLR(R) 849 (“PP v NF”) at [17] and
[24]). In arriving at this sentence, the Judge took into account the following
(the GD at [40], [41] and [49]):

(a) The aggravating factors: Haliffie was in full control when he raped the
Victim; Haliffie lured the Victim into his car on a false pretence, subjected
her to unprotected sex, and threw her out of the car.

(b) The mitigating factors: Haliffie’s lack of antecedents and his relative
youth.

(c) The offence was a Category 1 rape.

(d) The benchmark imprisonment sentence and the minimum strokes under the
benchmark sentence were given because there were no significant mitigating or
aggravating factors.

21 In deciding that the sentences should run consecutively, the Judge held
that the rape and robbery “formed a single invasion in terms of time, but the
interests affected were distinct interests” (the GD at [45]). The offences
therefore did not come within the one-transaction rule and were ordered to run
consecutively.

The appeals

Haliffie’s petition of appeal

22 In brief, Haliffie relies upon the following grounds in his appeal against
the rape conviction:

(a) The medical and photographic evidence of the injuries suffered by the
Victim and Haliffie are inconsistent with the Victim’s account, but are
consistent with Haliffie’s account. 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

Haliffie’s Petition of Appeal at para 7

(b) The court gave excessive weight to the presence of Haliffie’s DNA in the
Victim’s fingernail clippings. 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

Haliffie’s Petition of Appeal at para 8

(c) The court accorded excessive weight to the Victim’s evidence and wrongly
accepted her evidence as credible and compelling. 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

Haliffie’s Petition of Appeal at para 9

(d) The court accorded excessive weight to the evidence of the witnesses who
saw the Victim after the incident. 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

Haliffie’s Petition of Appeal at para 10

(e) The court erred in failing to adequately consider the possibility that the
Victim lied and conjured up the rape allegation because she felt cheated and
betrayed. 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

Haliffie’s Petition of Appeal at para 11

(f) The court gave excessive weight to the cautioned statement given by
Haliffie on 7 May 2013 and erred in finding that the cautioned statement
amounted to a confession. 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

Haliffie’s Petition of Appeal at para 12

23 On sentence, the defence submits that the global imprisonment term of 13
years’ imprisonment and 18 strokes of the cane is manifestly excessive in
light of the fact that Haliffie’s culpability is much lower than the offender
in Public Prosecutor v Tan Jun Hui [2013] SGHC 94 (“PP v Tan Jun Hui”), who
was sentenced to 14 years’ imprisonment and 24 strokes of the cane. 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

Haliffie’s Petition of Appeal at para 13

The Prosecution’s appeal

24  The Prosecution appeals on the basis that the individual and total
sentences imposed by the Judge were manifestly inadequate and were based on
errors of both law and fact.

The issues

25  In gist, the present appeals raise two main issues. First, should the rape
conviction be overturned? Second, assuming the rape conviction is upheld, is
the global sentence of 13 years’ imprisonment and 18 strokes of the cane
manifestly excessive or manifestly inadequate?

Conviction

26 The Judge found that based on the evidence before him, the rape charge was
proven beyond a reasonable doubt. The grounds on which Haliffie challenges his
conviction are set out in [22] above. We shall analyse the evidence relating
to the rape conviction in the following order:

(a) First, we shall consider the inconsistencies and weaknesses in the
Victim’s evidence.

(b) Second, we shall weigh the two accounts against the medical and DNA
evidence available.

(c) Third, we shall consider the statements given by Haliffie to the police.

(d) Finally, we shall consider the weight that should be accorded to the
evidence of the witnesses who saw the Victim after the alleged rape.

Applicable legal principles

27 We first consider how the courts have determined the question of burden of
proof where a conviction is based solely on the bare words of the complainant.
In AOF v Public Prosecutor [2012] 3 SLR 34 (“AOF”) at [111], this court held:

It is well-established that in a case where no other evidence is available, a
complainant’s testimony can constitute proof beyond reasonable doubt (see s
136 of the Evidence Act (Cap 97, 1997 Rev Ed) (“EA”)) – but only when it is so
“unusually convincing” as to overcome any doubts that might arise from the
lack of corroboration …

28 In Public Prosecutor v Mohammed Liton Mohammed Syeed Mallik [2008] 1 SLR(R)
601 (“Liton”) at [38], this court held that to be “unusually convincing”, the
witness’s testimony must be “so convincing that the Prosecution’s case was
proven beyond reasonable doubt, solely on the basis of the evidence”.
Elaborating further at [39], the court held that a complainant’s testimony
would be unusually convincing if the testimony, “when weighed against the
overall backdrop of the available facts and circumstances, contains that ring
of truth which leaves the court satisfied that no reasonable doubt exists in
favour of the accused”. As this court held in AOF at [115], the relevant
considerations in determining whether a witness is unusually convincing are
his or her demeanour, as well as the internal and external consistencies found
in the witness’ testimony.

29 It should be noted that the “unusually convincing” standard does not
introduce a new burden of proof. It “does nothing... to change the ultimate
rule that the Prosecution must prove its case beyond a reasonable doubt, but
it does suggest how the evidential Gordian knot may be untied if proof is to
be found solely from the complainant’s testimony against the accused” (XP v
Public Prosecutor [2008] 4 SLR(R) 686 at [31], cited in AOF at [113]).

30 Where the complainant’s evidence is not unusually convincing, “an accused’s
conviction is unsafe unless there is some corroboration of the complainant’s
story” (AOF at [173]). In Liton at [42] and [43], this court discussed the
meaning of “corroborative evidence”:

42 As to what can amount to corroborative evidence, the Evidence Act (Cap 97,
1997 Rev Ed) did not, at its inception, provide a definition of corroboration
and still does not do so. However, by virtue of s 2(2), the common law is
imported into the Evidence Act unless it is inconsistent with the Act’s tenor
and provisions. There is thus legal justification for the judicial adoption of
the common law definition of corroboration laid down in the oft-cited English
decision of R v Baskerville [1916] 2 KB 658 at 667, ie, independent evidence
implicating the accused in a material particular.

43 However, it is clear that the Baskerville standard (as set out in the
preceding paragraph) does not apply in its strict form in Singapore since Yong
CJ, in Tang Kin Seng [v Public Prosecutor [1996] 3 SLR(R) 444], advocated a
liberal approach in determining whether a particular piece of evidence can
amount to corroboration. …

This more “liberal approach” to corroboration treats subsequent complaints
made by the complainant herself as corroboration provided that “the statement
[implicating] the [accused] was made at the first reasonable opportunity after
the commission of the offence” (Public Prosecutor v Mardai [1950] MLJ 33 at
33, cited in AOF at [173]).

31 It should be emphasised, however, that the above principles are intended to
guide trial judges in their determination of an accused’s guilt. The role of
the appellate court is not to re-assess the evidence in the same way a trial
judge would. Instead, the principles governing appellate intervention are as
follows (see ADF v Public Prosecutor [2010] 1 SLR 874 (“ADF”) at [16]):

(a) Where the finding of fact hinges on the trial judge’s assessment of the
credibility and veracity of witnesses based on the demeanour of the witness,
the appellate court will interfere only if the finding of fact can be shown to
be plainly wrong or against the weight of evidence: see PP v Mohammed Liton
Mohammed Syeed Mallik [2008] 1 SLR(R) 601 at [32] and Yap Giau Beng Terence v
PP [1998] 2 SLR(R) 855 (“Yap Giau Beng Terrence”) at [24]. An appellate court
may also intervene, if, after taking into account all the advantages available
to the trial judge, it concludes that the verdict is wrong in law and
therefore unreasonable: Jagatheesan s/o Krishnasamy v PP [2006] 4 SLR(R) 45
(“Jagatheesan”) at [43].

(b) Where the finding of fact by the trial judge is based on the inferences
drawn from the internal consistency (or lack thereof) in the content of
witnesses’ testimony or the external consistency between the content of their
testimony and the extrinsic evidence, an appellate court is in as good a
position as the trial court to assess the veracity of the witness’s evidence.
The real tests are how consistent the story is within itself, how it stands
the test of cross-examination, and how it fits in with the rest of the
evidence and the circumstances of the case: see Jagatheesan at [40]. If a
decision is inconsistent with the material objective evidence on record,
appellate intervention will usually be warranted.

(c) An appellate court is as competent as any trial judge to draw any
necessary inferences of fact from the circumstances of the case: see Yap Giau
Beng Terence at [24].

32 In short, the appellate court is restricted to considering:

(a) whether the Judge’s assessment of witness credibility is “plainly wrong or
against the weight of evidence”;

(b) whether the Judge’s “verdict is wrong in law and therefore unreasonable”;
and

(c) whether the Judge’s “decision is inconsistent with the material objective
evidence on record”, bearing in mind that an appellate court is in as good a
position to assess the internal and external consistency of the witnesses’
evidence, and to draw the necessary inferences of fact from the circumstances
of the case.

Inconsistencies in the Victim’s evidence

33 We begin by summarising the main weaknesses which the defence has
identified in the Victim’s evidence:

(a) It is incredible that the Victim waited so long without calling a taxi,
and would enter a stranger’s car and then doze off. 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

Appellant’s written submissions at para 83c-e

(b) The Victim’s account that the parties did not exchange conversation cannot
explain how Haliffie knew so much about her when first interviewed by the
police. 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

Appellant’s written submissions at para 101f

(c) The Victim gave evidence that the back of her hand was hit against
something hard in the car, but no hard surfaces in the car were identified
with her DNA, nor could the Victim identify any hard surface that her hand
could have hit. 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

Appellant’s written submissions at paras 53–54

(d) The Victim has admitted that her account of how she grabbed her shoe to
hit Haliffie could not have happened given the position she claimed to be in.
58

##### Foot Note 58

×

Appellant’s written submissions at para 67a

(e) The Victim’s evidence on how and when Haliffie removed his t-shirt and
pants was inconsistent. 59

##### Foot Note 59

×

Appellant’s written submissions at para 67b and 67c

(f) The Victim’s evidence on whether Haliffie had ejaculated into her was
inconsistent. 60

##### Foot Note 60

×

Appellant’s written submissions at para 67d

(g) Under cross-examination, the Victim claimed to have forgotten many details
of the encounter, but she was not upfront about this in her conditioned
statement, which was detailed and unequivocal. 61

##### Foot Note 61

×

Appellant’s written submissions at paras 75 and 78

In fact, her memory was selectively good and she showed a willingness to
speculate. 62

##### Foot Note 62

×

Appellant’s written submissions at para 81

(h) It is contrary to common sense that the Victim did not immediately attempt
to escape from the car after Haliffie returned to his seat, and instead allow
him to drive off. 63

##### Foot Note 63

×

Appellant’s written submissions at para 83a-b

34 In considering the shortfalls and inconsistencies in the Victim’s evidence,
it is vitally important to bear in mind that throughout the entire encounter,
the Victim was at least tipsy. This was the Victim’s own evidence and the
defence does not dispute this. 64

##### Foot Note 64

×

Appellant’s written submissions at para 97c

It was also the evidence of Mr Onn, the taxi driver who sent the Victim to the
police station, that she “smelt of liquor”. 65

##### Foot Note 65

×

ROP vol 3b at p1000, para 5

In our view, this is an important contextual factor that may explain the gaps
in the Victim’s memory, as well as her inaccurate recollections.

35 We also observe that many of the inaccuracies in the Victim’s recollections
relate to small details such as how she reached for her shoe, and how and when
Haliffie took off his clothes. Bearing in mind that the Victim was at least
tipsy, and that the encounter, if it did happen as the Victim says, must have
been traumatic, we agree with the Judge that it is unexceptional for the
Victim not to have precise memories as to when and how each event happened.
Indeed, while it may be argued that whether Haliffie ejaculated into her
vagina is not a “small detail”, and here we must emphasise that there is no
dispute that he did so ejaculate, the fact that she was not even able to
recall that fact at the trial with absolute certainty only goes to show that
in those traumatic circumstances, where her physical self and dignity were so
savagely outraged, it was wholly understandable, and equally unexceptional,
that she could not clearly recollect many of the details about what happened.
In our view, the fact that the Victim was tipsy at the time she was ravaged,
made it all the more unexceptional that there would be gaps in her memory of
the events.

36 Mr Leo, however, emphasises that the Victim’s memory appears to be
selective and that she was able to give a detailed and coherent account of the
incident in her conditioned statement. In our view, while the Victim might
have tried to piece her memories together in her written statement, it is
unexceptional that parts of her narrative could not hold under the intense
scrutiny of cross-examination. We do not find it unusual or strange that while
she might not have been able to remember all the details of the encounter, she
nevertheless made an effort to weave all that she could recall into a coherent
narrative when probed by the police. None of this necessarily undermines her
credibility.

37 We note that the Victim took the position under cross-examination that the
parties did not have a conversation in the car. 66

##### Foot Note 66

×

ROP vol 1 p111-112, Day 1 Transcripts p 94-95

This is inconsistent with her evidence in her conditioned statement that the
driver had asked her some questions, to which she gave replies. 67

##### Foot Note 67

×

ROP vol 3b at p969, para 7

This also raises the question as to how Haliffie knew about the Victim’s
marital status, number of children and country of origin when giving his
statement to the police on 11 May 2013. 68

##### Foot Note 68

×

ROP vol 3 at p22, para 12

The Prosecution suggested that Haliffie could have found out about these
details by looking through the Victim’s phone. We have doubts about this
explanation. It seems unlikely that Haliffie would have found out about the
Victim from her handphone and then weaved the results of his findings into his
fabricated defence. Instead, it seems to us more probable that Haliffie would
have tried to make some small talk and the Victim in her tipsy state might
very well have responded. Nevertheless, we are of the view that whether the
parties did engage in some conversation prior to the purported rape incident
is an insignificant detail that has little bearing on whether the Victim
consented to the sexual intercourse. Further, we do not think that our
rejection of the Victim’s evidence in this instance necessarily leads to the
conclusion that the Victim was intentionally lying about whether she had
conversed with Haliffie. The Victim’s inconsistent evidence could be due to a
lapse of memory or confusion, having regard to her tipsy state at the time of
the offence.

38  As to the fact that no hard surface in the car was identified with the
Victim’s DNA on it, we note that the car was not swabbed for DNA immediately
after the incident. In our judgment, the fact that a hard surface could not be
clearly identified does not really undermine the Victim’s account. For one, we
note that she did suffer an injury to the back of her hand (see below at
[41(f)]). Further, there is no clear evidence as to the extent to which the
car was interfered with after the encounter, but before the police seized it.

39 Finally, contrary to Mr Leo’s submission, we do not find the Victim’s
account “incredible” or “contrary to common sense”. First, even if is unusual
for a normal person to wait for a long time without calling a taxi on the
phone, and to then board a stranger’s car, none of these facts have a bearing
on whether the Victim consented to sexual intercourse. We do not see how
taking issue with these facts would assist the defence. Second, while Mr Leo
submits that the normal human reaction is to escape from the car at the
earliest opportunity, we note that the Victim was at least tipsy and would, on
her account, have also just suffered from a traumatic experience. In the
circumstances, we do not find it surprising that the Victim did not react as a
sharp and vigilant person would have.

40  On the whole, we acknowledge that there are some shortfalls and
inconsistencies in the Victim’s evidence. Consequently, in our judgment, her
evidence is not “unusually convincing” and is not sufficient, without further
corroborative evidence, to ground a conviction. Nevertheless, we do not find
that these shortfalls or inconsistencies should give rise to any inference
that the Victim was necessarily lying, or lead to the conclusion that the
Judge erred in finding her to be a credible witness, bearing in mind that due
deference should be given to the trial judge’s assessment of demeanour. We
would reiterate that, given the state in which the Victim was in, the gaps in
her memory, or her inaccurate recollections, are largely unexceptional.

Medical and DNA evidence

Victim’s injuries

41 Based on the medical reports and notes of the doctors who examined the
Victim immediately after the incident, the following injuries were documented:
69

##### Foot Note 69

×

ROP vol 3 at p50, ROP vol 3b at p957-958 and 960

(a) abrasion on left and right elbows;

(b) superficial bruising and scratches on the front and back of her right
upper arm;

(c) superficial bruising over right breast;

(d) superficial abrasion on left and right knee;

(e) abrasion over left and right medial malleolus (her feet);

(f) haematoma on the dorsal aspect of her right hand;

(g) limited range of motion of the right elbow due to pain with tenderness;

(h) tenderness over the right side of the head, and towards the back; and

(i) tenderness over the right foot.

42 Additionally, the Victim testified that bruise marks to her right shin, her
right jaw and the top of her thighs appeared a day after the rape, although
these injuries were not observed by any third party. 70

##### Foot Note 70

×

ROP vol 3b at p972, para 24

43 Given the lack of independent evidence supporting the bruise marks listed
at [42] above as well as the fact that the defence disputes them, we find it
appropriate to disregard them in assessing the evidence. Leaving aside those
injuries, the defence argues that all of the Victim’s documented injuries can
be explained by the fall, and do not necessarily point towards a struggle or a
rape.

44 We agree that most of the Victim’s documented injuries can be explained by
her fall. However, the Prosecution specifically identifies the hematoma on the
back of the Victim’s right hand and the tenderness on the back of the right
side of the Victim’s head as being injuries which are unlikely to have been
caused by the fall. The Prosecution submits that these injuries are consistent
with the Victim’s account that Haliffie had hit her hand against something
hard during the struggle and pulled her hair. While it is possible, as the
defence submits, that the Victim hit her head on the road when she fell out of
the car resulting in tenderness to the back of her head, it appears less
plausible that the hematoma on the back of her right hand can be explained by
the fall. Even if the Victim did break her fall with her hands as the defence
suggests 71

##### Foot Note 71

×

Defendant’s closing submissions at para 23(b), ROP vol 3 at p54

, she would have suffered injury to her palms rather than the back of her
hand. In our judgment, the hematoma on the back of the Victim’s hand supports
her account of the struggle. Having said that, the hematoma, on its own, is
inconclusive. As the defence points out, the hard object which the Victim’s
right hand purportedly hit during the rape was not identified. 72

##### Foot Note 72

×

Appellant’s written submissions at paras 54-55

45 The defence also submits that if the Victim’s account of the struggle is
indeed true, further injuries would have been found on her. The injuries which
the defence argues that the Victim should have suffered if her account of the
rape were true include injuries to her thighs, right hip, forearms, and
vagina. 73

##### Foot Note 73

×

Appellant’s written submissions at paras 48-49

In our judgment, the absence of these injuries does not conclusively point
against the Victim’s story. The absence of injury or bruising does not
necessarily mean the absence of an infliction of force or a struggle. In this
regard, the defence has provided no evidence to support its assertion that the
Victim must have, or was very likely to have, suffered the injuries mentioned
above if her account of the struggle were true. The extent of the Victim’s
injuries may merely indicate the extent to which the Victim struggled. If the
Victim was completely overpowered by the Accused, which is not implausible
given her small size and the fact that she was tipsy, she might not have been
able to put up much of a struggle. This could explain the absence of more
extensive injuries.

46 On the whole, we find that the documented and undocumented injuries
suffered by the Victim are inconclusive. This is especially because it is
difficult to identify which injuries were caused by the fall out of the car,
and which were caused during the alleged rape. While the hematoma on the back
of the Victim’s right hand supports her narrative, this is, as we have stated,
insufficient on its own.

Haliffie’s injuries

47 Haliffie was examined by two doctors approximately three days after the
incident. 74

##### Foot Note 74

×

ROP vol 3b at pp961-962

The doctors noted that the only observable injuries suffered by Haliffie were
a scratch over the posterior aspect of his left arm region, and three small
scratches over his left elbow region. The defence submits that the absence of
injury to Haliffie’s waist, where the Victim claims to have hit him with her
shoe, points against the Victim’s account of the rape. In our view, this
argument does not take the defence very far because the absence of bruising
does not necessarily undermine the Victim’s account that she had hit Haliffie
on his waist with her shoe. Whether such a hit would cause a bruise would
necessarily depend on the degree of force used. Bearing in mind that the
parties were then in an enclosed space and that she was held down by Haliffie,
it is not clear to us that the Victim could have used sufficient force to
create a bruise.

48 The Prosecution submits that the scratches on Haliffie’s arm are consistent
with the Victim’s account that she had scratched Haliffie. According to the
Prosecution, this is further corroborated by the fact that Haliffie’s DNA was
found in the Victim’s fingernail clippings. Haliffie’s evidence, however, was
that the scratches came from the fight which he had with his wife just before
he left his flat on 3 May 2013. At this juncture, there is a need for us to
examine the DNA evidence.

DNA evidence

49 There were two pieces of DNA evidence relied upon by the Prosecution –
first, the evidence of Haliffie’s DNA in the Victim’s fingernail clippings,
and second, the evidence of Haliffie’s DNA on her shoe. Reverting to the
significance of the DNA found in the Victim’s fingernail clippings, we accept
the defence’s argument that the DNA evidence does not ineluctably suggest that
Haliffie was scratched by the Victim. In this regard, no evidence was adduced
by either the defence or the Prosecution as to whether Haliffie’s DNA could
only have gotten into the Victim’s fingernails if she had scratched him. It is
possible that mere contact between the parties could explain the DNA in the
Victim’s fingernails. That said, we note that Haliffie’s evidence that the
scratches came from his wife was not corroborated by her. On balance, while
the scratches and the DNA in the Victim’s fingernails do suggest that there
could have been a struggle between the parties, given that there is no further
way of verifying beyond a reasonable doubt the origin of the scratches on
Haliffie, we find that the scratches and the DNA evidence in the fingernail
clippings are of limited probative value.

50  We are also of the view that the DNA found on the Victim’s shoe does not
necessarily lead to the conclusion that she used her shoe to hit his waist. As
the defence points out, Haliffie’s DNA could have ended up on the Victim’s
shoe if he had stepped on it with his bare foot. Without further evidence, we
find that the DNA evidence is of limited probative value.

Haliffie’s statements and evidence

51 We now come to Haliffie’s evidence. The Judge did not find him to be
credible on the stand. Nevertheless, the most critical evidence, in our view,
are the statements he gave to the police right after he was arrested. Haliffie
was arrested in the evening on 6 May 2013, and the earliest documented
evidence from Haliffie is found in the notes of an interview conducted by the
investigating officer on 7 May 2013 at 1.45am. We note that this evidence was
not adduced before the Judge, and only came to light when we asked the
Prosecution if there were any records of the said interview. Counsel for
Haliffie even complained that the Prosecution should have produced the notes
at the trial. This is what was recorded in the investigating officer’s diary:

0145

I interviewed the accd Haliffie Bin Mamat, M/22 yrs (DOB1 18.22.1990),
IC:SXXXXXXXX of Blk 72 Redhill Rd 01-33. The accd speak in English in the
course of the interview. I asked the accd to tell me what happened on 3.5.13
after he quarrelled with his wife and he answered as follows.

On Friday night I had a fight with my wife over money matters. I hit her and
after that, I took the car key and I left home. I drove to Geylang Lorong 25
to meet my friend we spent time together near to a coffeeshop. I stayed there
till about 1am. I don’t feel like going home and I continued to drive around
the town areas. I then ended up at Clarke Quay at about 2 am. I parked the car
at the road near to Liang Court. I walked to the Indian club “drupree” and
talked to my friend who was there. I stayed at the club till about 4 a.m. I
then went back to my car. My car is a black Proton Savy and the number plate:
SXXXXXXX. I smoke just outside my car. I was still upset with the quarrel with
my wife and thinking of how to pay my traffic summons. I owed about $400 in
traffic fine. I was stress and somehow, I felt like having sex. I then went
into my car and moved off. It was then 5 plus or 6am. I drove on and when I
exit to the main road I made an u-turn toward Parliament area. At the junction
of the Old Police Station or something like that, I made an u-turn as I
noticed a lady at the opposite side. After the u-turn, I stopped my car in
front of her. I wind down the window and shouted at her ‘Can I give you a
lift?’ The lady was high in alcohol and she did not respond but she stood
there and started to look at me. I opened the door and asked her where she
stay. She said Seng kang and I asked her to come in she asked me whether she
need to pay or not and I told her no need and it’s on me. She then entered the
car and I drove off and made an u-turn. I then turn left toward the direction
of Bugis. I then drove to Lavender street and turned into Kallang Industrial
area. In the end, I stopped my car on a bridge as it was quiet there. I then
jumped over to the lady and started kissing her. I told her to relax and just
enjoy. I had sex with her and put my penis into her vagina. After the sex, I
drove off as I wanted to send her home. However, after a short distance, I
think why not I rob her. I had earlier put her bag in the back seat and
somewhere near to the traffic light, I opened the door and pushed her out of
the car. I then drove off.

52 The next recorded statement was Haliffie’s cautioned statement, which was
given on 7 May 2013 after the charge of rape (but not robbery) was put to him.
This evidence was before the Judge and was critical to the conviction. The
following charge was read to Haliffie twice 75

##### Foot Note 75

×

ROP vol 3b p950-951

:

You, Haliffie bin Mamat... are charged that you, on 4th May 2013 at about
6:30am and 6:45am, at the bridge along Kallang Bahru Road, Singapore, did
commit rape on [the Victim]... by penetrating the vagina of the said [Victim]
with your penis without her consent, and you have thereby committed an offence
under Sec 375(1)(a) of the Penal Code punishable under Section 375(2) of the
same Act.

53 When asked if he wanted to say anything in response to the charge read to
him, Haliffie stated 76

##### Foot Note 76

×

ROP vol 3b p953 and 956

:

Actually my intention was just to rob, to get money. But I don’t know why I
cross over, my mind, to have sex with the girl. Since this is my first time, I
hope to get lighter sentence. I want to see my son growth. He is 1 year and 8
months now. And my wife can’t be the one to take care of him all by herself.
As my wife need support from husband. I admit this is my mistake. I wish to
apologise to this girl in person. I am really sorry. The reason I did this was
because I am under depression.

54 Four days later, on 11 May 2013, Haliffie’s long statement was recorded.
That was the first time he clearly suggested to the police that the sexual
intercourse was consensual and gave the account described at [8]–[11] above.

55 We start by considering Haliffie’s account in the interview in the early
morning on 7 May 2013. The statement more or less consists of a factual
narration of the events that took place. The defence submits that the
interview notes create reasonable doubt as to whether the cautioned statement
given on the same day is a confession, and also that the Prosecution was in
breach of its disclosure obligations pursuant to Muhammad bin Kadar v Public
Prosecutor [2011] 3 SLR 1205 (“Kadar”) by failing to disclose the said notes.
Specifically, the defence submits that:

(a) Haliffie admits to robbery but not rape in the interview, lending
supporting to the defence’s theory that the “mistake” he admitted to in the
cautioned statement was the robbery, rather than the rape.

(b) Haliffie’s account of the sexual encounter suggests that it was
consensual.

(c) Haliffie’s account in the first interview is consistent with his long
statement.

(d) Haliffie never stated that he invited the lady into his car because he
wanted to have sex.

56 In this regard, several observations may be made:

(a) Contrary to Haliffie’s story that he initially only intended to rob the
Victim (see [9] above), this earlier statement clearly states that he “felt
like having sex” and suggests that this desire motivated him to offer the
Victim a lift. While Haliffie never expressly said that he invited the lady
into the car to have sex with her, this is a reasonable inference from his
account taken as a whole especially since there was no mention of an intention
to rob the Victim when he stopped his car to offer her a lift. Based on
Haliffie’s account in the interview, the robbery appears to have, instead,
been an afterthought (“However, after a short distance, I think why not I rob
her”).

(b) While Haliffie admitted to the sexual intercourse, there was no mention
that the sexual intercourse with the “lady” was consensual. On the contrary,
the tenor of the narrative suggests that Haliffie was simply doing things to
the Victim (eg, “I started kissing her”, “I told her to relax and enjoy”, “put
my penis into her vagina”), without any reciprocity from her. While we agree
with the defence that Haliffie never expressly admitted to rape, we are unable
to accept that his account suggests that the sexual encounter with the Victim
was consensual. Conspicuously, in our view, he never denied that he raped her.

(c) The fact that the account Haliffie gave in the interview notes was largely
consistent with his long statement is unexceptional because he has no reason
to lie about the peripheral events which took place before and after the
alleged rape. However, we note that the key difference in the two accounts
lies at the most critical part of the narrative in his long statement – his
detailed account of the events leading up to his alleged consensual sexual
encounter with the Victim. These are the details which strongly suggest that
the sexual encounter was consensual, but they are conspicuously missing from
Haliffie’s first account.

(d) Finally, Kadar does not require that the Prosecution must disclose all
unused material or all evidence inconsistent with the Prosecution’s case.
However, what is clear is that this duty of disclosure does not include
“material which is neutral or adverse to the accused” (Kadar at [113]).

57 In our view, the interview notes do not really assist the defence. It is,
at best, equivocal as to Haliffie’s guilt. We agree that it does not clearly
amount to a confession that he had raped the Victim. But unlike his subsequent
long statement, it certainly does not suggest that the sexual intercourse was
consensual, which was the crux of his defence at the trial and also before us.
In the circumstances, we find that there was no breach of the Prosecution’s
Kadar obligations in this case.

58 We next consider Haliffie’s cautioned statement, given later in the day on
7 May 2013. The Judge concluded that the cautioned statement was “strong
evidence of [Haliffie’s] guilt” and that it “severely damaged the credibility
of [the defence of consent]” (the GD at [33]). The defence submits that
Haliffie was only admitting to the robbery, and not the rape, in the cautioned
statement.

59 In our judgment, the Judge was correct in treating the cautioned statement
as strong evidence of Haliffie’s guilt. Haliffie clearly admitted that he made
a “mistake”, and that he “wish[ed] to apologise”. In this regard, we do not
find the defence’s claim that Haliffie was only admitting to the robbery
plausible. We agree with the Judge that “regard must be given to the process
of recording [the cautioned statement]” (the GD at [33]). As mentioned at [52]
above, Haliffie gave his cautioned statement after the rape charge was read to
him twice. At that time, the charge of robbery was not put to Haliffie. In the
circumstances, we do not see how it could be suggested that Haliffie was
confused by the situation and thought it was appropriate to state his position
only in relation to the robbery rather than the rape. We would emphasise that
at that point the only charge he faced was the rape charge. As the Judge
pertinently observed, it is implausible that Haliffie would not have at least
denied the rape charge and mentioned the Victim’s consent when he was charged
with rape if that defence was indeed genuine.

60  Under cross-examination, Haliffie admitted that he “understood that rape
charge was being read back to [him]”. 77

##### Foot Note 77

×

ROP vol 2 p70; Transcripts Day 5, p65 line 12-17

When the Judge asked him why he did not deny raping the Victim, Haliffie
testified as follows: 78

##### Foot Note 78

×

ROP vol 2 p75; Transcripts Day 5, p70 line 4-13

Q: So why didn’t you tell your---why didn’t you say that, that you didn’t rape
her?

A: I said that at that point of time my own thinking was that it was
consensual but I---I say because of the robbery. That’s what I said.

Court: But why didn’t you say it was consensual? If you think that it was---if
you actually you even thought that now we---now that we have one more element,
it’s not that you didn’t think about it but you said you had thought it was
consensual. Then why didn’t you---just say, “Hey, it’s consensual” in your
statement?

Witness: I don’t know about that, er, Your Honour.

61 Evidently, Haliffie could give no satisfactory explanation for his failure
to deny the rape. We therefore agree with the Judge that Haliffie’s cautioned
statement strongly corroborates the Victim’s account that she was raped. We do
not think that the account Haliffie gave in the earlier interview detracts
from this conclusion in any way. If anything, Haliffie’s earlier account
strengthens this conclusion given that any mention of the Victim’s consent is
also conspicuously absent there. One would have thought that any reasonable
person would have vehemently denied the allegation of rape if the sexual
intercourse was indeed consensual. Yet, this did not happen.

62 The defence argues that weight must be given to the fact that the first
time Haliffie was asked to tell his version of what occurred (ie, during the
recording of the long statement given on 11 May 2013), his story was that he
only intended to rob the Victim, and that the sexual intercourse was
consensual. We do not see how the defence can assert that 11 May 2013 was the
first time Haliffie was given the opportunity to give his version of the
events. First, the interview that took place in the early morning of 7 May
2013 provided Haliffie with the opportunity to give his version of what
happened. It is clear that there was no mention of consent in that first
version. Second, we do not find it inconceivable that Haliffie could have
decided to change his story after giving his cautioned statement, and claim
that the Victim consented to the sexual intercourse. Perhaps he got smart and
realised that it would be clearly in his interest to change his story.

63 To sum up, we agree with the Judge that Haliffie’s initial confession to
the rape charge in his 7 May 2013 cautioned statement, though subsequently
retracted, is strongly corroborative of the Victim’s account that she was
raped. He even said he “wish[es] to apologise to [the] girl in person”.
Haliffie has given no reasonable explanation as to why he did not deny the
rape charge outright, and has not claimed either that he did not understand
the charge put to him, or that he was subject to any form of duress or
coercion when giving his cautioned statement.

Corroborating witnesses

64 Right after the alleged rape, the Victim consistently told several third
parties that she had been raped – these third parties include Mr Onn, the taxi
driver she approached, his friend Ms Normah, the police officers at the
station, as well as the doctors who examined her. She was observed by Mr Onn
and Ms Normah to have been very emotional, “crying and mumbling” throughout.
79

##### Foot Note 79

×

ROP vol 3b p999 para 4, p1000 para 5, p1002 para 4

Based on the witnesses’ testimony, the Victim did not mention the robbery at
all, suggesting that what was dominant in her mind at that time was the fact
that she was raped. This would be natural if the rape had indeed taken place
given that being robbed certainly fades in significance in comparison to being
raped.

65 Further, based on the evidence of the abovementioned witnesses, we find no
basis to conclude that the Victim’s distress was not genuine. Indeed, the
defence does not attempt to argue that the Victim was not genuinely
distressed. However, Mr Leo submits that the Victim’s distress can be
explained by the fact she was robbed, and that her cry of rape was a reaction
to the fact that she felt cheated and betrayed. While this is theoretically
possible, it is significant to note that she did not mention the robbery to
the witnesses who saw her immediately after, but rather, focused on the fact
that she was raped. Any suggestion that the Victim may have intentionally
tried to frame Haliffie for a rape he did not commit given that he had robbed
her and kicked her out of the car also seems implausible given that her
emotional distress after the incident appears genuine and she was unlikely to
have been in a state to devise such a devious charge.

66 In this regard, we find that the evidence of the witnesses who saw the
Victim right after the incident is corroborative evidence under the more
“liberal approach” to corroboration discussed at [30] above. The Victim’s
claims that she was raped were clearly made immediately after the incident
upon seeing the taxi driven by Mr Onn. She was then in a state of great
emotional distress. Putting these factors together, we find that the evidence
of the witnesses who saw the Victim right after the incident unquestionably
corroborates her account that she was raped by Haliffie.

Conclusion on conviction

67  In conclusion, taking into account the analysis of the evidence above, we
dismiss Haliffie’s appeal against his conviction in CCA 18/2015. While we do
not find the Victim’s evidence to be unusually convincing, we do not find any
basis to conclude that she was lying or to otherwise disturb the Judge’s
finding that she was a credible witness. Additionally, we find that the
Victim’s allegation of rape is well corroborated. First, as the Judge found,
Haliffie’s cautioned statement dated 7 May 2013 independently corroborates the
Victim’s account that she was raped. Second, we find that the evidence of the
witnesses who saw the Victim right after the incident also corroborates the
Victim’s account of the rape on the more liberal approach to corroboration
(see [30] above).

Sentence

68 We now turn to consider the appeals against the Judge’s sentencing
decision. The only issue in the sentencing appeals is whether the sentence of
10 years’ imprisonment and six strokes of the cane for the rape charge is
manifestly excessive or inadequate in the present circumstances, and/or
whether it was arrived at on the basis of an error of fact or law.

69 The defence does not challenge the Judge’s decision that the one
transaction rule would not apply and that the sentences should run
consecutively. 80

##### Foot Note 80

×

Appellant’s written submissions at paras 119 and 122

Mr Leo’s submission is that the appropriate sentence for the rape charge is 7
years’ imprisonment and 6 strokes of the cane. 81

##### Foot Note 81

×

Appellant’s written submissions at para 119

According to the defence, the aggregate sentence (presently, 13 years’
imprisonment and 18 strokes of the cane) should be recalibrated in light of
the totality principle so that it would not be substantially above the
benchmark sentence of ten years’ imprisonment for the most serious offence
committed. 82

##### Foot Note 82

×

Appellant’s written submissions at para 123

Further, the defence submits that Haliffie’s culpability is lower than the
offenders in PP v Tan Jun Hui, Sivakumar s/o Selvarajah v Public Prosecutor
[2014] 2 SLR 1142 (“Selvarajah”) and Public Prosecutor v Neo Wei Siong (CC 16
of 2013, unreported). Finally, the defence also highlights the fact that
Haliffie was under a great deal of distress over his family’s financial
position, he has no antecedents, he is unlikely to re-offend and he has
suffered the break-up of his marriage and has to be separated from his young
son. 83

##### Foot Note 83

×

Appellant’s written submissions at para 128

70 The Prosecution submits to the contrary that the appropriate sentence for
the rape should be 12 years’ imprisonment and six strokes of the cane. 84

##### Foot Note 84

×

Prosecution’s written submissions at para 83

These are the grounds the Prosecution relies upon:

(a) The Judge erred in requiring “significant” or “strong” aggravating factors
to justify a departure from the 10-year starting point. 85

##### Foot Note 85

×

Prosecution’s written submissions at paras 90-94

(b) The Judge failed to appreciate that a sentencing range was established for
Category 1 rape cases in PP v NF. 86

##### Foot Note 86

×

Prosecution’s written submissions at para 95

In this regard, in applying the totality principle, the relevant sentence to
consider is the upper limit of sentences for Category 1 rapes (ie, 14 years’
imprisonment), rather than the starting point of 10 years’ imprisonment. 87

##### Foot Note 87

×

Prosecution’s written submissions at para 105

(c) The Judge failed to give weight to the importance of general deterrence in
this case. 88

##### Foot Note 88

×

Prosecution’s written submissions at paras 109-110

(d) The Judge failed to adequately take into account the following aggravating
factors, which justify a departure from the 10 years’ imprisonment term as the
starting point: Haliffie had practised deception on the Victim; Haliffie took
advantage of the Victim’s vulnerability given that she was tired and tipsy;
the rape was premeditated given that Haliffie was looking for a quiet place;
the sex was unprotected and Haliffie callously ejaculated into the Victim’s
vagina; the Victim suffered from post-traumatic stress disorder; and Haliffie
showed no remorse during the trial. 89

##### Foot Note 89

×

Prosecution’s written submissions at paras 116-126

(e) The only mitigating factors are Haliffie’s youth and lack of antecedents,
but these are outweighed by the aggravating factors. 90

##### Foot Note 90

×

Prosecution’s written submissions at para 134

(f) The rape sentence is low when the relevant sentencing precedents are taken
into account. 91

##### Foot Note 91

×

Prosecution’s written submissions at para128

Appellate intervention in sentencing

71 The principles governing appellant intervention in a trial judge’s
sentencing decision are well-established. As this court held in ADF at [17],
the appellate court would not ordinarily disturb the sentence imposed by the
trial judge except where it is satisfied that:

(a) the trial judge erred with respect to the proper factual basis for
sentencing;

(b) the trial judge failed to appreciate the materials placed before him;

(c) the sentence was wrong in principle; or

(d) the sentence was manifestly excessive or manifestly inadequate, as the
case may be.

72 In this regard, it has been held that a sentence is only manifestly
excessive or inadequate if it “requires substantial alterations rather than
minute corrections to remedy the injustice” (Public Prosecutor v Siew Boon
Loong [2005] 1 SLR(R) 611 at [22], ADF at [18]).

Clarifying the sentencing principles and benchmark sentences for rape

73  The appeal has raised several legal question regarding the sentencing
framework for rape offences:

(a) First, under the sentencing framework laid down for rape offences in PP v
NF, is a departure from the benchmark sentence for Category 1 rape only
justified if there are “significant” or “strong” aggravating or mitigating
factors?

(b) Second, in applying the totality principle to Category 1 rape cases, what
is the relevant benchmark sentence? Is it the starting point of 10 years’
imprisonment or, as the Prosecution submits, the upper limit of 14 years’
imprisonment for Category 1 rapes?

Departing from the benchmark

74 In PP v NF at [17], Category 1 rape was described as “a rape committed
without any aggravating or mitigating factors”. The High Court held that such
a rape “ought to attract an imprisonment term of ten years and not less than
six strokes of the cane as a starting point” (at [17]). It is important to
clarify what the court meant when it described Category 1 rapes as a rape
committed “without any aggravating or mitigating factors”. The Judge held that
this “should be construed to cover cases with no strong aggravating or
mitigating factors which have a significant impact on the sentence to be
imposed” (the GD at [49]). With respect, we find the reference to “strong
aggravating or mitigating factors” somewhat vague, and hence, unhelpful. Under
the sentencing framework laid down in PP v NF, four categories of rape were
identified. Category 1 rape has already been discussed. The remaining three
categories are as follows:

(a) Category 2 rape: where “there has been exploitation of a particularly
vulnerable victim” (PP v NF at [25]).

(b) Category 3 rape: repeated rape of the same victim or of multiple victims
(PP v NF at [37]).

(c) Category 4 rape: the offender “has manifested perverted or psychopathic
tendencies or gross personality disorder, and where he is likely, if at large,
to remain a danger to women for an indefinite time” (PP v NF at [21]).

75 Given the nature of the four categories of rape identified, we are of the
view that Category 1 rape is in reality a residual category that covers all
rape offences that do not fall within Category 2, 3 or 4. By describing it as
a rape “without any aggravating or mitigating factors”, the court must have
meant the absence of features that would make it a Category 2, 3 or 4 rape.
And, it follows from this that aggravating or mitigating factors which do not
affect which category the rape falls in may affect whether the starting
benchmark sentence should be departed from. Therefore, in so far as the Judge
had held that a departure from the benchmark sentence can only be justified if
there are “significant” or “strong” aggravating or mitigating factors, we
respectfully disagree.

Totality principle

76 We now consider the application of the totality principle in this context.
In Mohamed Shouffee bin Adam v Public Prosecutor [2014] 2 SLR 998 (“Shouffee”)
at [47], the High Court held that the totality principle “is a principle of
limitation and is a manifestation of the requirement of proportionality”. It
consists of two limbs (Shouffee at [54] and [57]):

54 The first limb of the totality principle examines whether “the aggregate
sentence is substantially above the normal level of sentences for the most
serious of the individual offences committed” [emphasis added]. This calls for
a comparison between the total sentence on the one hand and a yardstick on the
other hand (see Law Aik Meng at [57]) …

…

57 The second limb considers whether the effect of the sentence on the
offender is crushing and not in keeping with his past record and his future
prospects.

[emphasis in original]

77 In relation to the present case, the parties primarily disagree about how
the first limb of the totality principle should be applied. The Prosecution
submits that the “normal level” of sentences must refer to (a) a sentencing
range rather than a specific sentence, and (b) the upper limit of the said
range. 92

##### Foot Note 92

×

Prosecution’s written submissions at paras 98 and 99

The Prosecution submits that the normal level of sentences for Category 1 rape
is 10 to 14 years’ imprisonment and six to 10 strokes of the cane. 93

##### Foot Note 93

×

Prosecution’s written submissions at para 106

78 The defence submits that the sentencing benchmark for Category 1 rape is 10
years’ imprisonment and six strokes of the cane, which should hence be the
relevant comparator for the purposes of the first limb of the totality
principle.

79 We agree with the Prosecution that limb 1 of the totality principle
contemplates comparing the aggregate sentence with the range of sentences
normally imposed for the most serious offence, rather than with a specific
sentencing benchmark or starting point. It bears emphasis that the totality
principle recommends a broad-brushed “last look” at all the facts and
circumstances to ensure the overall proportionality of the aggregate sentence.
As such, it would be more consonant with the purpose of and approach
recommended by the totality principle to treat the relevant comparator as the
range of sentences normally imposed, rather than as a specific benchmark
sentence. However, in our judgment, the court should not focus only on the
upper limit of the sentencing range. Instead, the court should give due regard
to the whole sentencing range and the relevant aggravating or mitigating
factors present in the particular case to assess whether, on the whole, the
sentence is proportionate to the gravity of the offence.

80 As mentioned, the Prosecution submits that the upper limit of the “normal
level of sentences” for Category 1 rape should be 14 years’ imprisonment. 94

##### Foot Note 94

×

Prosecution’s written submissions at para 105

It is not clear how this figure was arrived at, but it is possible that the
Prosecution took guidance from the fact that the benchmark sentence for rapes
falling within Categories 2 and 3 is 15 years’ imprisonment. In our view, it
cannot be assumed that the “normal level of sentences” for Category 1 rapes
consists of the entire range of sentences below the benchmark imposed for
Category 2 rapes. Instead, the sentencing range for Category 1 rapes should be
determined by looking at the relevant sentencing precedents. In this regard,
based on the sentencing precedents cited in Annex A of the Prosecution’s
submissions, the range of sentences that have been meted out for Category 1
rape vary from nine to 13 years’ imprisonment. We shall hence treat this as
the “normal level of sentences” under the first limb of the totality
principle.

Aggravating and mitigating factors

81 In our judgment, the aggravating factors in this case include the
following:

(a) Haliffie deceived the Victim and took advantage of her trust and her
vulnerable state (given she was tipsy).

(b) Haliffie ejaculated into the Victim, exposing her to risks of pregnancy
and sexually transmitted diseases.

(c) Haliffie caused the Victim to suffer psychological harm in the form of
post-traumatic stress disorder.

(d) Haliffie not only showed no remorse for the rape during the trial, but
also advanced the false defence of consent.

82 The mitigating factors in this case include the following:

(a) Haliffie is relatively young.

(b) Haliffie has no antecedents.

We would add that we do not consider the fact that Haliffie was distressed by
his family’s financial position at the time of the offence, nor the fact that
he will be apart from his family given the long term of imprisonment, to be
mitigating factors. As was observed in Public Prosecutor v Goh Lee Yin and
another appeal [2008] 1 SLR(R) 824 at [155] in the context of sentencing
mentally-ill offenders, “[f]anciful claims that are related to the
vicissitudes of life will be rejected”. Further, it is also well-established
that “[l]ittle if any weight can be attached to the fact that the family will
suffer if the accused is imprisoned for a substantial period of time” (PP v NF
at [60]). It must follow from this that any concern over the accused’s own
suffering as a result of his separation from his family must be of little
mitigating value.

Sentencing precedents

83 We now consider the relevant sentencing precedents. The defence relies
heavily on PP v Tan Jun Hui, submitting that Haliffie’s culpability is
significantly lower than the offender in that case. In PP v Tan Jun Hui, the
offender robbed, raped and attempted to penetrate the victim’s mouth with his
penis. When committing the offences, he wielded a knife and thus put the
victim in fear of hurt. The victim suffered from post-traumatic stress
disorder thereafter. The offender was sentenced to four years’ imprisonment
and 12 strokes of the cane for armed robbery, 10 years’ imprisonment and 12
strokes of the cane for aggravated rape, and 10 years’ imprisonment and 12
strokes of the cane for aggravated attempt to sexually penetrate the
complainant’s mouth with his penis, with the sentence for the aggravated
attempt to sexually penetrate the complainant’s mouth running concurrently.
The global sentence was therefore 14 years’ imprisonment with 24 strokes of
the cane.

84 The defence submits that Haliffie’s culpability is lower because (a) no
weapon was used, (b) Haliffie only faced two charges, not three, and (c) the
charges in PP v Tan Jun Hui were for aggravated rape and an aggravated attempt
to sexually penetrate the victim’s mouth. 95

##### Foot Note 95

×

Appellant’s written submissions at para 125

The Prosecution however points out that (a) the Victim had suffered more
serious injuries than the victim in PP v Tan Jun Hui, (b) the offender in PP v
Tan Jun Hui had pleaded guilty whereas Haliffie claimed trial, and (c)
Haliffie had ejaculated into the Victim whereas the offender in PP v Tan Jun
Hui did not. We largely agree with the factors identified by both sides and,
on balance, find that the offence in PP v Tan Jun Hui was slightly more
serious given the aggravated nature of the charges and the use of a weapon.
However, taking into account the fact that Haliffie did not plead guilty, we
do not think that Haliffie’s sentence should be significantly lower than the
sentence imposed in PP v Tan Jun Hui.

85 The defence also relies on Selvarajah. In Selvarajah, the offender had seen
the victim and her boyfriend having sex in a car parked in a carpark. He
knocked on the car window, demanded they come out, and claimed to be a
policeman doing rounds with his teams. He threatened to bring them to the
police station and charge them. The offender then said he would give them a
chance if the victim followed him and said that he would send her home. He
then drove off with her, parked at a remote estate, and raped her. The
offender was sentenced to six months’ imprisonment for impersonating a police
officer, one year’s imprisonment and two strokes of the cane for outrage of
modesty, 11 years’ imprisonment and five strokes of the cane for sexual
assault by penetration of the victim’s mouth, and 11 years’ imprisonment and
five strokes of the cane for rape. The sentences for the rape, sexual assault
and impersonating a police officer were ordered to run concurrently, bringing
the global sentence to 12 years’ imprisonment and 12 strokes of the cane.

86 The defence submits that Haliffie’s culpability is lower than the offender
in Selvarajah given that the latter was convicted of multiple offences and
there was the serious aggravating factor of impersonating a police officer. 96

##### Foot Note 96

×

Appellant’s written submissions at para 125

The Prosecution submits that the offence in Selvarajah was not as serious
because there was no physical violence or threat of physical violence. 97

##### Foot Note 97

×

Prosecution’s written submissions, Annex A at pA-1

In our view, both cases contained an element of deception and while the
offender in Selvarajah had impersonated a police officer, which was an
aggravating factor absent here, the use of violence on the Victim in this case
renders the two offences of comparable gravity.

87 The defence also cites the unreported case of Public Prosecutor v Neo Wei
Siong, but that case does not assist us because the defence only submitted
newspaper reports of the case, and did not offer us any insight into the
court’s reasoning.

88 The final case we consider is Public Prosecutor v Sivakumar s/o Magendran
(CC 23 of 2012, unreported) (“Magendran”). In that case, the 23-year old
offender spotted the victim walking to her HDB block, looking tipsy. Before
the victim could press the lift button, the offender came up from behind her
and grabbed her neck. He dragged the victim into the lift, and came out on the
fifth floor. He then raped the victim on the staircase landing but did not
ejaculate into her. She did not struggle during the rape as she was in fear of
her physical safety. After raping the victim, the offender took her mobile
phone, cash amounting to $230 and a digital camera from her handbag. The
offender pleaded guilty. He was sentenced to 13 years’ imprisonment and 12
strokes of the cane for the rape charge, and three years’ imprisonment and 12
strokes of the cane for the robbery charge. Both sentences were ordered to run
concurrently, bringing about a global sentence of 13 years’ imprisonment and
24 strokes of the cane.

89 The Prosecution submits that the offence in Magendran is less serious
because (a) the accused was of borderline intelligence, (b) the accused did
not ejaculate inside the victim, (c) no injury was caused to the victim, and
(d) he did not rape her within a confined space. In our view, the present
offence is not significantly more serious than the offence in Magendran. In
both cases, physical violence was used in raping the victim. Further, even if
the victim in Magendran did not suffer any physical injuries, many of the
physical injuries suffered by the Victim in the present case were not that
serious and may not have been inflicted during the rape. Finally, while the
Prosecution is correct to point out that the present offence took place in a
confined space, we note that two other charges of aggravated outraging of
modesty and theft were taken into consideration in Magendran. On balance,
therefore, we do not think that Haliffie deserves a significantly higher
sentence than the offender in Magendran.

The appropriate sentence in this case

90 Having considered the relevant legal principles, sentencing precedents, and
circumstances of the case, we dismiss the appeals against sentence. The
Judge’s decision to sentence Haliffie to the benchmark of 10 years’
imprisonment and six strokes of the cane for rape cannot be said to be wrong
in law or manifestly excessive or inadequate. In our view, the aggregate
sentence of 13 years’ imprisonment and 18 strokes of the cane is in line with
existing sentencing precedents. Additionally, while there are several
significant aggravating factors in this case (see [81] above), we take into
account the mitigating value of Haliffie’s youth and lack of antecedents, as
well as the need for proportionality in the sentence as a whole. In this
regard, applying the totality principle, we do not think that the global
sentence imposed by the Judge was out of sync with the normal level of
sentences imposed for the rape charge, nor was it crushing. On the whole, we
see no ground for appellate intervention.

Conclusion

91 In the result, we dismiss the three appeals before us.

Sundaresh Menon Chao Hick Tin Andrew Phang Boon Leong  
Chief Justice Judge of Appeal Judge of Appeal

Lionel Leo Zhen Wei, Chng Zi Zhao Joel and Yu Kanghao (Wong Partnership LLP)
for the appellant in Criminal Appeals No 13 and 18 of 2015 and the respondent
in Criminal Appeal No 17 of 2015;  
Sellakumaran s/o Sellamuthoo, Tan Yan Shi Crystal and Torsten Cheong
(Attorney-General’s Chambers) for the respondent in Criminal Appeals No 13 and
18 of 2015 and the appellant in Criminal Appeal No 17 of 2015.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:40 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

