Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the

[2016] SGHC 287

Originating Summons No 1139 of 2016

In the matter of

| Gulf Pacific Shipping Limited (in creditors’ voluntary liquidation)  
---|---  
  
And

(1)| Wong Teck Meng  
---|---  
  
And

(2)| Stephen Briscoe  
---|---  
  
… Applicants

grounds of decision

[Insolvency law] — [Cross-border insolvency] — [Recognition of foreign
insolvency proceedings]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Re Gulf Pacific Shipping Ltd (in creditors’ voluntary liquidation) and others

[2016] SGHC 287

High Court — Originating Summons No 1139 of 2016  
Aedit Abdullah JC  
29 December 2016

30 December 2016

Aedit Abdullah JC:

1 These are brief grounds of decision in respect of an ex parte application
for recognition of foreign liquidators of a Hong Kong company, which was put
into creditors’ voluntary winding up, as well as for orders empowering these
foreign liquidators to obtain information in relation to accounts belonging to
the company. These grounds are issued to record the decision for the benefit
of insolvency practitioners.

Background

2 The company in question, Gulf Pacific Shipping Limited (“the Company”), was
incorporated and registered in the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region in
the People’s Republic of China. It was the wholly-owned subsidiary of STX Pan
Ocean (Hong Kong) Co Ltd, (“STX HK”). The Company and STX HK were part of the
Pan Ocean Group, which was involved in shipping of dry bulk cargo. The
ultimate holding company, Pan Ocean Co Limited, a Korean entity, was
eventually put into rehabilitation by the Seoul District Court in 2013. STX HK
itself was ordered to be wound up compulsorily by the High Court of Hong Kong
in November 2013. One of the liquidators of STX HK was appointed a director of
the Company in 2016. In 2016, the Company was put into creditors’ voluntary
winding up, with the appointment of the two applicants, Wong Teck Meng and
Stephen Briscoe, as liquidators of the Company. The only claims lodged in the
liquidation were by STX HK and the Hong Kong Commissioner of Inland Revenue.

3 The Company appeared to have had a bank account with ABN AMRO Bank NV
Singapore Branch (“ABN Singapore”). The account was apparently closed in 2013.
The applicants sought copies of bank statements from 2011 to 2013. ABN
Singapore requested that the liquidators obtain a court order giving sanction
to their appointment and request. That request led to the present application
for recognition of the liquidators.

The Application

4 The applicants cited a number of decisions in support of their application,
including Beluga Chartering GmbH (in liquidation) and others v Beluga Projects
(Singapore) Pte Ltd (in liquidation) and another (deugro (Singapore) Pte Ltd,
non-party) [2014] 2 SLR 815, Re Lee Wah Bank Ltd [1958] 2 MC 81, Re Cosimo
Borelli Originating Summons No 762 of 2010, and Re Opti-Medix Ltd (in
liquidation) and another matter [2016] 4 SLR 312 (“Re Opti-Medix”).

5 Here, recognition was sought by liquidators appointed in the place of
incorporation; no question in relation to the identification of the common law
centre of main interest (“COMI”) thus arose. That COMI would have been Hong
Kong in any event as the activities and management of the company were centred
in that territory. No prejudice would appear to arise in respect of Singapore
persons or entities, as indicated by the supporting affidavit of the Singapore
solicitors for the applicants: cause book searches turned up empty and
advertisements, which were placed in local papers inviting creditors to
contact the solicitors, received no response. As I earlier stated in Re Opti-
Medix (at [28]), such a supporting affidavit from the Singapore solicitors
would be given due weight – certainly more than mere assertions from the
foreign liquidators – and was thus useful and desirable in applications of
this nature.

The Decision

6 On the evidence presented, I was satisfied that recognition should be
granted. Specifically, I noted that no prejudice would likely arise as there
were apparently no assets in Singapore and no creditors. Recognition was
sought because of the need for information about the closed bank account with
ABN Singapore, rather than to realise assets here. Some of the orders sought
and granted were fairly wide, but I was satisfied that this was justified as
information may be needed on the outflow of funds from the account.

7 The only issue that required some deliberation was whether recognition
should be denied as the company was liquidated through a voluntary winding-up.
Counsel for the applicants, in the discharge of his duty to the Court, noted
the view of Lord Sumption in the Privy Council advice in Singularis Holdings
Ltd v PricewaterhouseCoopers (PC) [2015] AC 1675 (“Singularis”) (at [25]) that
common law powers of assistance to foreign liquidation did not extend to
voluntary winding up. This position appears to have been born out of a
reluctance to encourage what Lord Sumption described as “the promiscuous
creation of … powers to compel production of information”. Voluntary winding
up was characterised by His Lordship as an essentially private arrangement,
and not of the same nature as insolvency involving officers of a foreign
court. Lord Clarke agreed with Lord Sumption on these points.

8 Counsel for the Applicants argued that Lord Sumption’s observations were
dicta, that they arose out of different facts, and that insufficient
justification was given for drawing such a distinction. Lord Neuberger’s
differing stance in Singularis (at [158]) was to be preferred. A US bankruptcy
court decision interpreting the UNCITRAL Model Law, In re Betcorp Limited (In
Liquidation) 400 BR 266 (Bankr. D. Nev. 2009) (“In re Betcorp”) was cited as
authority for not distinguishing between voluntary winding up and compulsory
winding up.

9 Singularis was indeed concerned with a different factual situation, in which
documents were sought from auditors of a company. In contrast, in the present
case, the information and documents sought were in respect of assets of the
company. But in any event, I did not, with the greatest respect, adopt the
distinction drawn by Lord Sumption between voluntary and compulsory
liquidation. The difficulties with the distinction were noted by Lord
Neuberger in Singularis, who described it (at [158]) as potentially arbitrary.
However, I would note that Lord Neuberger was on the whole cautious about
common law assistance to foreign liquidators (see [154], [160] and [161]). I
suspect Re Opti-Medix would not have attracted His Lordship’s approval.

10 Be that as it may, in my view, as stated in Re Opti-Medix (at [17]), the
foundational doctrine in the recognition of foreign insolvency proceedings is
the promotion and facilitation of the orderly distribution of assets, as well
as the orderly resolution and dissolution of the affairs of entities being
wound up. The traditional, territorial focus on the interests of local
creditors no longer has primacy over more internationalist concerns. Thus, the
precise mode of the winding up would not generally be material, and no
distinction should be drawn between voluntary and compulsory processes, or
between in court and out of court dissolution. That, I believe, was the
philosophical basis of the approach in In re Betcorp Ltd, in which Judge
Markell considered a broader approach to the interpretation of the relevant
provisions of the US Bankruptcy Code, international usages and the UNCITRAL
Model Law.

11 US Bankruptcy Court cases are of course largely concerned with a regime
that, at present, has few parallels to our own statutes. The relevance of US
cases may increase should the Model Law be adopted. Even without that
development, however, the jurisprudence of the US Bankruptcy Courts has much
to offer a Singapore court faced with an insolvency case which engages issues
of either philosophical approach (at one end) or practical solutions (on the
other).

12 I should also note that there are, no doubt, other aspects of the decision
in Singularis which may require fuller argument and consideration as and when
the occasion presents itself. Since those aspects did not need to be
considered for the disposal of the present application, I did not (and shall
not) dwell on them further.

13 The application was thus granted, with liberty to apply extended to any
affected party.

Aedit Abdullah  
Judicial Commissioner

Ashok Kumar, Samuel Ng and Kenneth Lim (BlackOak LLC) for the applicants.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:40 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

