Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the

[2016] SGHC 223

Suit No 858 of 2012  
(Summonses Nos 4955 of 2015 and 2169 of 2016)

Between

| Rosemawati Binti Rafdi  
---|---  
|  
  
… Plaintiff

And

(1)| Buang Bin Ani  
---|---  
(2)| Salbiah Binti Othman  
(3)| Rashidah Binte Buang  
|  
  
… Defendants

grounds of decision

[Civil Procedure]—[Amendments]—[Judgments]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Rosemawati bte Rafdi

  
v

  

Buang bin Ani and others

[2016] SGHC 223

High Court — Suit No 858 of 2012 (Summonses Nos 4955 of 2015 and 2169 of 2016)  
Audrey Lim JC  
17 August; 9 September 2016

10 October 2016

Audrey Lim JC:

Introduction

1 Summons No 4955 of 2015 (“SUM 4955”) and Summons No 2169 (“SUM 2169”) were,
in essence, an application by the plaintiff to vary a consent judgment entered
into by the parties on 19 April 2013 (“the Consent Judgment”) in respect of
the main suit, Suit 858 of 2012 (“the Suit”). I dismissed the application
after hearing the parties. Dissatisfied with my decision, the plaintiff has
appealed. I now provide my detailed grounds of decision beginning with an
outline of the Suit based on the pleadings and affidavits filed.

Background

2 The Suit concerned the sale and purchase of a Housing and Development Board
flat (“the Flat”). The defendants are the joint owners of the Flat. They
obtained possession of the Flat from the Housing and Development Board (“HDB”)
on or about 1 August 1999. The first and second defendants are husband and
wife, respectively, and the third defendant is their daughter.

The statement of claim

3 According to the plaintiff, sometime in July 2000, the first and second
defendants agreed to sell the Flat to the plaintiff for $300,000, at a date to
be fixed in the future. It was also agreed that in the meantime, the plaintiff
and her family would move into the Flat around January 2001. The first and
second defendants further agreed not to sell the Flat to anyone else for 13
years. Pending the transfer of the Flat to the plaintiff, the plaintiff would
be responsible for all housing loan instalments and would make some payments
of the purchase price of the Flat to the first and/or second defendants. Any
payments made by the plaintiff to the first and/or second defendants or
towards the housing loan instalments would be deducted from the purchase price
to be paid when the Flat was transferred. The agreement was partly oral and
partly in writing, and included an agreement signed by the first defendant and
a blank Option to Purchase signed in escrow by the first and second
defendants.

4 Sometime in January 2001, the plaintiff moved into the Flat with her family.
The plaintiff also made various part payments to the first and second
defendants. In addition, she bore various expenses in relation to the Flat,
including paying for the housing loan instalments for approximately 12 years
from 2000 to 2012, and made substantial improvements and renovations to the
Flat. According to the plaintiff, all these payments amounted to $238,352.60.

5 However, the first and second defendants did not effect the sale of the Flat
to the Plaintiff and instead demanded in 2012 that the plaintiff vacate the
Flat. The plaintiff subsequently discovered that the third defendant was also
a joint owner of the Flat. The plaintiff thus sued the defendants, essentially
for specific performance of the agreement or, alternatively, in the event that
the Flat was not or could not be transferred, for the return of the sum of
$238,352.60.

The defence

6 The defendants stated that they occupied the Flat soon after they took
possession of it but the third defendant moved out upon her marriage in
February 2000. The first and second defendants continued to stay in the Flat
until around July 2000. As they could not afford the monthly housing loan
instalments, they allowed the plaintiff and her mother (“Mdm Rukaiah”) to
occupy the Flat as the plaintiff and Mdm Rukaiah had offered to pay for the
monthly instalments and all outgoings of the Flat. Subsequently, Mdm Rukaiah
offered to purchase the Flat for $288,000, in the plaintiff’s name. The first
defendant accepted this offer in the mistaken belief that the defendants had
purchased the Flat for that sum. While the first defendant signed an agreement
that was in English, he claimed that he could not read and understand it.

7 The second defendant claimed that she left all matters concerning the Flat
to the first defendant, whilst the third defendant did not concern herself
with the Flat after she moved out. Accordingly, the second defendant denied
entering into any agreement to sell the Flat. The first and second defendants
also denied signing an Option to Purchase. Even if they did sign such a
document, they claimed that they did not understand what they were signing.
The defendants further stated that the plaintiff at all times knew that the
third defendant was a joint owner of the Flat.

8 In a nutshell, the defendants denied that there was a valid or binding
agreement for the sale and purchase of the Flat. In any event, such an
agreement contravened the Housing and Development Act (Cap 129, 2004 Rev Ed)
(“HDB Act”). Even if the plaintiff were entitled to the sum of $238,352.60 or
any other sum, such sum should be set off by the benefit that the plaintiff
and her family members obtained by possessing and occupying the Flat.

The Consent Judgment and subsequent events

9 On 19 April 2013, the parties reached a settlement in respect of the Suit
and recorded the Consent Judgment before an Assistant Registrar as follows:

1\. [The Flat] shall be transferred to the plaintiff upon full refund, with
accrued interest, of all CPF monies utilised by the defendants towards the
purchase of the Property.

2\. The plaintiff shall bear the outstanding mortgage loan and any other
arrears, penalties, interests or outstanding payments due to HDB and/or Town
Council. The plaintiff shall also bear the costs and expenses of the transfer.

3\. The above transfer shall be completed within 6 months of the date of the
Order of Court herein, failing which [the Flat] shall be sold in the open
market within 4 months thereafter and the net proceeds of sale, after
redemption of the outstanding mortgage loan and other arrears, penalties,
interests or outstanding payments due to HDB and/or Town Council, shall be
paid to the plaintiff. The plaintiff shall bear the costs and expenses of the
sale and shall have sole conduct of the sale.

4\. Upon the transfer or sale of [the Flat], the 1st defendant shall pay the
sum of S$40,000.00 to the plaintiff in monthly instalments of S$500.00 per
month commencing on 01st January 2014 and on the 1st day of each successive
month until the full outstanding sum is paid. In default of payment of any of
the aforesaid instalments, the 1st defendant shall be immediately liable for
the sum outstanding.

5\. The above shall be in full and final settlement of all claims between the
parties.

6\. Each party shall bear their own costs.

10 Pursuant to the Consent Judgment, the plaintiff’s solicitors applied on 11
October 2013 to the HDB for the Flat to be transferred to the plaintiff. On 27
November 2013, the HDB stated that under the prevailing policy the transfer of
an HDB flat referred to a change of ownership between family members and
without monetary consideration. The plaintiff then submitted an option, dated
14 February 2014, to purchase the Flat for $240,000. After various
correspondences between the HDB and the parties’ solicitors, on 3 March 2015,
the HDB rejected the application for the sale and purchase of the Flat as the
defendants had not fulfilled the minimum occupation period (“MOP”) of five
years. Although the defendants had occupied the Flat in 1999, they vacated it
in 2000 when the plaintiff moved into the Flat and continued to reside there
until 2015. According to the plaintiff, she vacated the Flat on 12 August
2015. The HDB also demanded that the first and second defendants resume
occupation of the Flat and the third defendant effect a transfer of her
interest in the Flat to the first and second defendants as she was then an
authorised occupier of her husband’s flat. It appeared from the first and
second defendants’ letter to the HDB that they resumed occupation of the Flat
on 24 August 2015.

SUM 4955 and SUM 2169

11 On 9 October 2015, the plaintiff filed SUM 4955 to set aside the Consent
Judgment and to have it replaced with new orders. For ease, I reproduce the
orders sought by the plaintiff:

(1) That the Judgment (JUD 187/2013) dated 19 April 2013 be set aside and for
the following orders to be made:

(a) [The Flat] shall be transferred to the plaintiff upon full refund, with
accrued interest, of all CPF monies utilised by the defendants towards the
purchase of the Property.

(b) The plaintiff shall bear the outstanding mortgage loan and any other
arrears, penalties, interests or outstanding payments due to HDB and/or Town
Council. The plaintiff shall also bear the costs and expenses of the transfer.

(c) The above transfer shall be completed within 6 months of the completion of
[the Flat’s] Minimum Occupation Period, failing which [the Flat] shall be sold
in the open market within 4 months thereafter and the net proceeds of sale,
after redemption of the outstanding mortgage loan and other arrears,
penalties, interests or outstanding payments due to HDB and/or Town Council,
shall be paid to the plaintiff. The plaintiff shall bear the costs and
expenses of the sale and shall have sole conduct of the sale. The defendants
shall not sell or transfer [the Flat] to any other parties except as set out
in this order.

(d) Upon the transfer or sale of [the Flat], the 1st defendant shall pay the
sum of S$40,000.00 to the plaintiff in monthly instalments of S$500.00 per
month commencing on 01st January 2020 and on the 1st day of each successive
month until the full outstanding sum is paid. In default of payment of any of
the aforesaid instalments, the 1st defendant shall be immediately liable for
the sum outstanding.

(e) The terms of this order of court shall be made known to and be binding on
the respective successors, assigns, licensees, affiliates of the defendants
including any person or relative who inherits and/or purchases [the Flat].
This order of court shall enure to the benefit of the successors in title,
assigns, licensees, sub-licensees of the plaintiff.

(f) That parties shall have liberty to apply.

(g) Each party shall bear their own costs.

[emphasis added]

12 The added emphasis denotes the parts of the Consent Judgment that the
plaintiff was seeking to vary or add to. The plaintiff explained that as the
Flat could only be transferred after the defendants fulfilled the MOP, which
would be sometime in 2019, the Consent Judgment could not be complied with
because it stipulated that the transfer of the Flat had to be effected within
six months from the date of the Consent Judgment. Hence, the plaintiff said
that the Consent Judgment had to be varied to take into account the MOP “while
leaving the substantive provisions of the Judgment untouched”. At this
juncture, it should be noted that despite knowing of the HDB’s policy that an
HDB flat can only be transferred between family members, the plaintiff
nevertheless applied for the transfer of the Flat to her.

13 On 6 May 2016, the plaintiff filed SUM 2169 for leave to amend prayer (1)
of SUM 4955 to read as follows:

(1) That the following orders be made pursuant to the orders made in Judgment
(JUD 187/2013) dated 19 April 2013 (the “Judgment”):

(a) The transfer mentioned in paragraphs (1) to (3) of the Judgment is to be
carried out within 6 months of October 2019 or within 6 months of the
completion of the Minimum Occupation Period for [the Flat];

(b) Alternatively, the sale of [the Flat] mentioned in paragraphs (3) and (4)
of the Judgment be completed within 6 months of October 2019 or within 6
months of the completion of the Minimum Occupation Period of [the Flat] with
the payment terms in accordance with paragraph (4) of the Judgment to be
carried out commencing January 2020;

(c) The HDB shall register any transfer in accordance with the order herein;

(d) The Registrar, Deputy Registrar or Assistant Registrar of the High Court
under section 14 of the Supreme Court of Judicature Act (Cap. 322) is
empowered to execute, sign, or indorse all necessary documents relating to
matters contained in this order on behalf of either party should either party
fail to do so within seven days of written request being made to the party.

14 Counsel for the plaintiff explained that the intent behind SUM 2169 was to
seek an extension of time to comply with the Consent Judgment rather than a
variation of the Consent Judgment. At the hearing of the applications, counsel
stated that he was no longer seeking an order for the transfer of the Flat due
to the HDB’s policy of disallowing the transfer of HDB flats between unrelated
persons. For this reason, the plaintiff did not pursue prayers (a) and (c) of
SUM 2169. In addition, counsel for the plaintiff applied for the order for the
sale of the Flat to be made “subject to HDB’s consent”.

15 The combined effect of SUM 4955 and SUM 2169 was thus for the Consent
Judgment between the parties to provide:

(a) that subject to the HDB’s consent, the Flat be sold within 6 months of
October 2019 or within 6 months of the completion of the MOP;

(b) that the net proceeds of sale, after redemption of the outstanding
mortgage loan and other arrears, penalties, interests or outstanding payments
due to the HDB and/or Town Council, be paid to the plaintiff, who shall have
sole conduct of the sale and will bear the costs and expenses of the sale; and

(c) that upon the sale of the Flat, the first defendant is to pay to the
plaintiff the sum of $40,000 in instalments of $500 per month commencing in
January 2020, and on the first day of each successive month until the full
outstanding sum is paid. If the first defendant defaults on payment of any
instalments, he will be immediately liable for the sum outstanding.

16 The defendants did not object to the plaintiff’s application per se in SUM
2169 for leave to amend SUM 4955. However, regardless of whether the
application was made under SUM 2169 or SUM 4955, the defendants objected to
the Consent Judgment being amended or to the grant of an extension of time.
According to the defendants, the plaintiff’s application, if allowed, would
amount to making substantive amendments to the Consent Judgment. The proposed
amendments would make the sale of the Flat “subject to HDB’s consent”. There
was no certainty that the Consent Judgment (if amended) could be executed at
the time of the intended sale of the Flat, as the sale would still be
contingent on the HDB’s consent (which may or may not be given) at that time.

17 The first and second defendants further stated that the proposed amendment
to, or extension of time to comply with, the Consent Judgment would be unfair
to them. They claimed that the plaintiff had assured them that she would
settle all the outstanding mortgage repayments while residing at the Flat but
did not in fact do so. As a result, the third defendant had to pay off the
outstanding loans (of more than $20,000) through her Central Provident Fund
(“CPF”) account. Moreover, when the third defendant was required to transfer
her interest in the Flat to the first and second defendants in 2015, the first
and second defendants had to refund a sum of $52,091.76 to the third
defendant’s CPF account. If the Consent Judgment was amended, the first and
second defendants would not be able to recover from the plaintiff the amount
refunded to the third defendant.

18 The first and second defendants also claimed that the plaintiff and her
family enjoyed rent-free occupation of the Flat from 2001 until September
2015. The first and second defendants had also utilised the sum of $138,261.68
and $61,730.87, respectively (including accrued interest up to June 2016),
from their respective CPF accounts as at 23 July 2016 towards the payment for
the Flat.

19 The plaintiff replied that she had expended a total of $238,352.60 (the
breakdown of which was elaborated in her Statement of Claim). It was on the
basis of the plaintiff’s substantial contributions that the Consent Judgment
was entered into in 2013 for the defendants to transfer the Flat to the
plaintiff, or to sell the Flat, with all net proceeds going to the plaintiff.
Counsel for the plaintiff further stated that if the Consent Judgment was
varied, the plaintiff would reimburse the defendants for all expenses they had
incurred in relation to the Flat when the Flat was sold. The plaintiff
submitted that the defendants should thus not be allowed to renege on the
settlement agreement.

My decision

20 I granted the prayer in SUM 2169 for leave to amend SUM 4955 because, in my
view, the plaintiff’s approach in asking for an extension of time was not
incorrect nor was there any prejudice caused to the defendants if the
plaintiff was permitted to amend SUM 4955. The main issue was therefore
whether I should grant the amended prayers set out in SUM 2169. The plaintiff
relied on O 45 r 6(1) of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2014 Rev Ed) to
extend the time for the sale of the Flat and repayment of the $40,000. In
dealing with this submission, I also considered whether to exercise the
inherent power under O 92 r 4 of the Rules of Court to vary the Consent
Judgment, as what the Plaintiff sought was, in substance, a variation of the
Consent Judgment.

21 In this case, I found that the Consent Judgment represented a real contract
between the parties and was not of the type of consent judgments where parties
merely did not object to the order being made. The Consent Judgment thus fell
within the first category of “by consent” orders referred to by Lord Denning
MR in Siebe Gorman & Co Ltd v Pneupac Ltd [1982] 1 WLR 185 (“Siebe Gorman”) at
189.

22 As a preliminary point, I was of the view that it would have been more
appropriate for the extension of time application to be brought under the
general provision, O 3 r 4, rather than under O 45 r 6(1). Order 45 r 6 had to
be read in the context of enforcement of judgments under O 45, which was not
what the plaintiff was seeking to do.

23 Be that as it may, the principles for extending time in relation to consent
orders were generally as follows. Where the consent order represented a real
contract, the court would interfere only on the same grounds as it would with
any other contract. Where the parties had agreed in clear terms on a certain
course, the court should, when considering an application to extend time,
place great weight on the agreement and should be slow, except in unusual or
exceptional circumstances, to depart from it: see Siebe Gorman; Fivecourts Ltd
v JR Leisure Development Co Ltd (2001) L & TR 5; Ropac Ltd v Inntrepreneur Pub
Co (CPC) Ltd [2001] L & TR 10; CSR South East Asia Pte Ltd v Sunrise
Insulation Pte Ltd [2002] 1 SLR(R) 1079 and Yeo Boong Hua v Turf City Pte Ltd
and others and another suit [2008] 4 SLR(R) 245 (“Yeo Boong Hua”). The
principles for extension of time in respect of a consent judgment were, to my
mind, largely aligned with the principles that guide the exercise of the
court’s inherent power to vary or amend a consent judgment under O 92 r 4.
Ultimately, the power had to be exercised judiciously where it was necessary
to do justice between the parties (see Wee Soon Kim Anthony v Law Society of
Singapore [2001] 2 SLR(R) 821 at [27]).

24 On the facts, I was not persuaded that the plaintiff’s application should
be granted. At the outset, the plaintiff’s pleaded claim in the Suit was that
the agreement to sell or transfer the Flat was not contrary to section 49A of
the HDB Act since the agreement would only be performed after the prescribed
MOP. When parties entered into the Consent Judgment, they were apparently
under the impression that there was no breach of the HDB Act, presumably
because the Consent Judgment was entered into more than five years after the
Flat was purchased by the defendants and the parties merely assumed that the
MOP was fulfilled. It was puzzling how the parties, with the benefit of legal
advice from their respective counsel, could have reached such a conclusion, at
the time the Consent Judgment was recorded. Whether the MOP had been satisfied
by the defendants was a fact well within the knowledge of both parties; this
much was clear even from the pleadings.

25 Whatever the case was, it seemed that either the plaintiff or defendants,
if not both, (and their respective counsel) were labouring under mistakes of
sorts when the Consent Judgment was recorded. First, they were mistaken as to
effect of s 49A of the HDB Act on the agreement reached between the parties.
Section 49A provided that no owner of an HDB flat shall, within the prescribed
MOP, by contract, agreement or otherwise, sell or agree to sell the flat
except with the prior written consent of the HDB. Section 49A(1) had to be
interpreted to include an agreement to sell that was made during the MOP, even
if the sale was intended to take place after the completion of the MOP.
Otherwise the words “agree to sell” in that provision would be otiose, since
the word “sell” in the same provision already encompassed a sale within the
MOP. Any such agreement, made without the HDB’s prior written consent, would
be null and void by virtue of s 49A(3). As explained during the second reading
of the Housing and Development (Amendment) Bill in 1998, when section 49A was
introduced, the “amendment aims to curb speculation by providing that Sales
and Purchase Agreements entered into before the seller has occupied the flat
for the minimum occupation period shall be void” [emphasis added] (Singapore
Parliamentary Debates, Official Report (12 October 1998) vol 69 at col 1063).
In the light of this, the Consent Judgment should not have been recorded in
2013 to give effect to an agreement which was null and void under s 49A of the
HDB Act.

26 Second, it seemed that the parties were unaware that under the prevailing
HDB policy, the Flat could not be transferred to the Plaintiff. Otherwise it
made no sense for them to have recorded the Consent Judgment in its current
form. Third, it seemed that at the time the Consent Judgment was recorded,
parties assumed that the MOP had been satisfied when in fact, it had not been
fulfilled and continues to be unfulfilled even as of today.

27 The Consent Judgment thus embodied an agreement between the parties that
was inoperative for breach of ss 49A and 50 of the HDB Act. According to the
HDB’s letter dated 10 August 2016 to the plaintiff’s solicitors, the MOP would
expire on 12 September 2019 (provided that the defendants reside at the Flat
continuously up till that date), after which the defendants would be allowed
to resell the Flat. The plaintiff was thus seeking to rectify a fundamental
error – in order to compel the defendants to comply with the Consent Judgment
– by seeking an extension of time for the defendants to effect the sale of the
Flat. Furthermore, the extension period sought by the plaintiff was unduly
long. Under the Consent Judgment, the Flat should have been sold by 19
February 2014 (ie, the defendants had six months from the date of the Consent
Judgment to transfer the Flat failing which the Flat was to be sold within
four months thereafter). The plaintiff’s application to extend time until
around March 2020 would amount to an extension of time for compliance with the
Consent Judgment to some six years from the entering of the Consent Judgment
or more than three and a half years from the filing of SUM 2169.

28 Further, to have allowed the plaintiff’s application would have resulted in
varying the Consent Judgment substantively such that it would no longer
accurately reflect the intention of the parties at the time the Consent
Judgment was entered into (I will return to this at [31]–[33] below). The
plaintiff was also seeking to add to the Consent Judgment by stipulating that
such (future) sale be “subject to HDB’s approval”. This constituted more than
a mere extension of time, and the execution of the Consent Judgment (even if
time was extended) was still contingent on the HDB’s approval. If the HDB’s
approval was not forthcoming, the Consent Judgment would still not operate as
how the plaintiff envisaged. There was also the matter of whether section 49A
of the HDB Act had been complied with (which I will also elaborate on at [34]
below). In my view, the proper course of action was for the plaintiff to apply
to set aside the Consent Judgment (which she was still not precluded from
doing) and not to seek a variation of or extension of time to comply with the
Consent Judgment.

29 Turning to whether I should exercise the inherent power under O 92 r 4 of
the Rules of Court to amend or vary the Consent Judgment, it has been
recognised that in a contractual consent order, the court retains a residual
discretion to vary its terms where this is necessary to prevent injustice: see
Airtrust (Singapore) Pte Ltd v Kao Chai-Chau Linda [2014] 2 SLR 693. For
example, the court would exercise its inherent power to vary the terms of a
contractual consent judgment if the amendments were necessary to accurately
reflect the true intent or consensus of the parties at the time the consent
judgment was entered into: see Yeo Boong Hua. In this regard, I was not
satisfied that the amendments, if made, would accurately reflect the agreement
or consensus reached at the time the Consent Judgment was entered into, or
would be necessary to prevent injustice. Indeed, if I were to have allowed the
amendment, this would have altered the original intent and position of the
parties when they entered into the Consent Judgment.

30 The plaintiff’s primary motivation in bringing the Suit was to seek return
of the monies she had paid over to the defendants. The parties recorded the
Consent Judgment on the basis that either the transfer of the Flat (after a
full refund of all CPF moneys and accrued interest to the defendants) or the
net proceeds from the sale of the Property in around 2013 or early 2014, with
an additional $40,000 cash to be paid by the first defendant to the plaintiff,
would have yielded a satisfactory outcome to both parties.

31 Counsel for both parties confirmed that the terms of the Consent Judgment
were structured in such a way so as to accurately reflect the intention of the
parties. The parties desired to give effect to their respective positions vis-
à-vis each other at that time, bearing in mind: (a) the contributions made by
the plaintiff and defendants towards the Flat; (b) the fact that the plaintiff
and her family had stayed in the Flat rent-free from July 2000; and (c) the
amounts advanced to the first and/or second defendant. Counsel also accepted
that in reaching this arrangement, parties would have taken into account the
estimated value of the Flat in 2013.

32 If I granted the plaintiff’s application, this would have effectively
altered the intention of the parties as reflected in the Consent Judgment. The
amendments could not be said to be merely consequential or incidental as they
would have affected the substantive rights of the parties. The Consent
Judgment envisaged that the Flat would be transferred to the plaintiff by 19
October 2013 or sold by 19 February 2014 and all the net proceeds paid over to
the plaintiff. However, when the Consent Judgment could not be executed, the
plaintiff and her family members remained in sole occupation of the Flat rent-
free for approximately a further 18 months, from February 2014 until around 12
August 2015, before the defendants resumed occupation. This much was not
disputed. Therefore, this benefit that accrued to the plaintiff, at least on
or after February 2014, would not have been factored into the arrangement
arrived at by the parties as reflected in the Consent Judgment entered into in
April 2013.

33 Moreover, the amendments would clearly have altered the risk allocation
between the parties, which they had previously agreed on with the benefit of
legal advice. When the parties entered into the Consent Judgment, they would
have had in mind, the value of the Flat at that time. That value was to be
realised shortly after the Consent Judgment was entered into either by a
transfer of the Flat or by a sale (which was to occur within 10 months from
the entering of the Consent Judgment). Come 2019 or 2020, the value of the
Flat might not be the same as the value that the parties had in mind at the
time of the Consent Judgment. If the value of the Flat fell, the loss (and
risk) would lie with the plaintiff who might get back less than what she
envisaged when the Consent Judgment was entered into. If the value of the Flat
rose and substantially at that, the plaintiff would obtain a windfall. The
plaintiff might be enriched to the extent that the value of the Flat would be
far in excess of the sum the defendants were prepared to settle for. Moreover,
the first defendant would still have to pay the plaintiff an additional
$40,000 in cash. While it was not for me to speculate, the point was that the
parties only had in their minds the value of the Flat at the time the Consent
Judgment was entered into and not the possible value of the Flat in 2019 or
2020. In the circumstances, the court should not, without the consent of both
parties, be the one re-allocating risks between the parties by an amendment of
the Consent Judgment.

34 Further, there was also the issue of whether section 49A of the HDB Act,
which imposed a distinct and separate requirement from s 50, had been
contravened. All correspondence with the HDB focused on s 50 of the HDB Act,
which provided that the HDB’s consent had to be obtained when the Flat was to
be sold (ie, for the sale of the flat). It appeared that parties had not in
fact complied with s 49A since no prior written consent of the HDB, for the
agreement to sell the HDB flat (made during the MOP), was ever sought. The
court should be slow to endorse such an agreement by court (consent) order as,
without more, such an agreement to sell would, by operation of law, be null
and void if the HDB’s prior written consent was not obtained. This was to my
mind an additional and independent reason, from the reasons already expressed,
for not granting the plaintiff’s application.

35 Hence, for the reasons expressed, I was not persuaded that the Consent
Judgment should be varied or amended, or that an extension of time should be
granted. On the face of it, this might seem to cause some injustice to the
plaintiff as she would not be able to rely on the Consent Judgment to recover
her moneys. However the same can be said in relation to the defendant if I
were to amend the Consent Judgment, particularly if the value of the Flat had
increased or will increase in 2019 or 2020 and given that the plaintiff has
resided in the Flat rent-free for a further 18 months. I should reiterate that
my decision does not preclude the plaintiff from applying to set aside the
Consent Judgment.

36 Finally, I was of the view that the cases cited by counsel for the
plaintiff in relation to matrimonial proceedings orders which allowed the
court to invoke its powers to vary an order that was “substantively unworkable
ab initio because of a fundamental misunderstanding at the time the order was
made” (see AYM v AYL [2013] 1 SLR 924 at [29]) did not apply. The court’s
powers and the principles guiding the exercise of such powers in those cases
were founded under the provisions of the Women’s Charter (Cap 353, 2009 Rev
Ed) (eg, ss 118 and 119).

Conclusion

37 For the above reasons, I dismissed the plaintiff’s application with costs,
fixed at $2,000 (inclusive of disbursements) to the first and second
defendants and at $3,500 (inclusive of disbursements) to the third defendant.
The first and second defendants were awarded lower costs as their solicitors
only came on board much later. With regard to the quantum of costs, I was of
the opinion that the sums awarded were reasonable given that they included
disbursements and that the hearing took a half day.

Audrey Lim  
Judicial Commissioner

Lee Ming Hui (WNLEX LLC) for the plaintiff;  
Kishan Pratap (Ho Wong Law Practice LLC) for the first and second defendants;  
Rajan Nair (Rajan Nair & Partners) for the third defendant.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:40 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

