Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the Court of appeal of the republic of singapore

[2016] SGCA 50

Civil Appeal No 191 of 2014

Between

(1)| ACTATEK, INC  
---|---  
(2)| WAN WAH TONG THOMAS  
  
… Appellants

And

TEMBUSU GROWTH FUND LTD  
---  
  
… Respondent

Judgment

[Tort]—[misrepresentation]—[fraud and deceit]

[Contract]—[contractual terms]—[implied terms]

[Contract]—[breach]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
ACTAtek, Inc and another

  
v

  

Tembusu Growth Fund Ltd

[2016] SGCA 50

Court of Appeal — Civil Appeal No 191 of 2014  
Sundaresh Menon CJ, Tay Yong Kwang JA, Steven Chong J  
25 February 2016

17 August 2016 Judgment Reserved.

Sundaresh Menon CJ (delivering the judgment of the court):

Introduction

1 This appeal arises out of two convertible loan agreements (“CLAs”) which had
been entered into between the first Appellant and the Respondent. The first of
these was in 2007 (“the 2007 CLA”) while the second was in 2012 (“the 2012
CLA”). Under the terms of the CLAs, the Respondent was to lend certain amounts
of money to the first Appellant which were then to be repaid by the issuance
of shares in the first Appellant upon its intended listing on the New Zealand
(“NZ”) stock exchange. However, the envisaged plan did not come to fruition.
In May 2012, the Respondent declared an event of default under the 2012 CLA in
that the first Appellant had misapplied the loan proceeds, on the basis of
which the Respondent also contended that a cross-default under the 2007 CLA
had been triggered. The Appellants, for their part, contended that there had
been no misapplication of the loan proceeds under the 2012 CLA; and therefore
that the Respondent had improperly declared an event of default under the 2012
CLA and, consequently, that no cross-default under the 2007 CLA had been
triggered. The Appellants also brought a counterclaim for damages suffered by
reason of the fact that the Respondent’s act of wrongly declaring the event of
default had resulted in the first Appellant’s planned listing on the NZ stock
exchange being aborted.

2 At the trial below, the judge (“the Judge”) found in favour of the
Respondent and dismissed the counterclaim advanced by the Appellants. It is
against this that the present appeal has been brought. Apart from the factual
intricacies it engages, an interesting point of law is presented: what are the
legal consequences that flow if an event of default is found to have been
wrongly declared and damages are suffered as a result?

Facts

Parties to the dispute

3 The Respondent, who was the plaintiff in the suit below, is Tembusu Growth
Fund Ltd, a venture capital fund incorporated in Singapore which invests in
medium sized start-up companies with growth potential. It is managed and owned
by Tembusu Partners, a professional fund manager. For convenience, we refer to
both Tembusu Growth Fund Ltd and Tembusu Partners as “Tembusu”. Tembusu’s
chairman, Andy Lim (“Andy”), and two other key employees, Mahim Chellappa
(“Mahim”) and Lee Renhui (“Renhui”), played a key role in the events leading
up to the dispute.

4 The first Appellant is ACTAtek, Inc, a company incorporated in the Cayman
Islands, which provides identification management solutions (“ACTAtek”) and
the second Appellant is its CEO, Wan Wah Tong Thomas (“Thomas”). They were the
first and second defendants respectively in the suit below and are referred to
collectively as “the Appellants”.

5 ACTAtek operates through various wholly-owned subsidiaries active in diverse
parts of the world and, together, they form a group of companies known as the
ACTAtek Group. Thomas established the ACTAtek Group with his business partner,
Paul Hung (“Paul”). Apart from Paul and Thomas, there was another director of
ACTAtek, Daniel Wong (“Daniel”), who also played a prominent role in the
negotiations that are relevant to the dispute.

6 For context, it would also be helpful to identify the third to fifth
defendants in the suit below although the claims brought against them were
dismissed by the Judge and no appeal has been brought against that.

7 The third defendant was ACTAtek Pte Ltd, a wholly owned subsidiary of the
ACTAtek, which was incorporated in Singapore. The fourth defendant was
Hectrix, Inc (“Hectrix”), a Cayman Islands company which holds 80.68% of the
shares in ACTAtek. The fifth defendant was Thomrose Holdings (BVI) Ltd
(“Thomrose”), a company incorporated in the British Virgin Islands. Thomas
owns and controls Thomrose as his personal investment. Together, Thomrose and
Paul own 100% of Hectrix.

Events leading to the dispute

The 2007 CLA

8 In 2007, Tembusu was introduced to ACTAtek and Thomas. The parties entered
into negotiations for Tembusu to extend a loan of US$1.5m to fund ACTAtek’s
research and development with a view to its initial public offering (“IPO”).
This led to the signing of the 2007 CLA. Its main terms are as follows:

(a) Tembusu had the option either (i) to demand repayment of the loan with
interest at 10% per annum at any time before 31 March 2008 or (ii) to convert
the loan into equity in ACTAtek at any time before its IPO (cl 5).

(b) ACTAtek was prohibited from using the funds advanced for any purpose other
than those stipulated in Schedule 3 of the agreement, unless Tembusu gave its
consent in writing (cl 3).

(c) Tembusu had the right to declare an event of default if any ACTAtek Group
company defaulted on the repayment of any other indebtedness or if any
obligation falling upon any ACTAtek Group company to repay any other
indebtedness was accelerated by reason of an event of default being declared
(cl 10.1.10).

(d) If an event of default occurred, Tembusu had the option to declare the
whole of the loan extended under the agreement immediately due and payable (cl
10.3).

9 In accordance with the 2007 CLA, Tembusu disbursed the loan of US$1.5m to
ACTAtek but chose not to exercise its right to demand repayment on or before
31 March 2008. As a result, Tembusu was locked into its investment in ACTAtek
unless the loan was converted into equity upon ACTAtek’s IPO or if an event of
default occurred.

Discussions on further investment

10 Between 2009 and 2011, ACTAtek and Tembusu engaged in discussions over the
possibility of a further investment being made by Tembusu but nothing came of
this.

11 Sometime between March and April 2011, ACTAtek informed Tembusu that it was
negotiating with Ingram Micro (“Ingram”), the world’s largest distributor of
computer and technology products, for Ingram to be a promoter and distributor
of the ACTAtek Group’s products. Tembusu was also informed that for ACTAtek to
successfully leverage upon this opportunity, it would require further funding.
Following this, in September 2011, negotiations resumed and Thomas asked Mahim
to consider whether Tembusu would be willing to make a second investment in
the sum of US$500,000. On 3 October 2011, Thomas emailed Mahim to inform him
that of the sum of US$500,000 being sought, US$400,000 would be used for
“inventory financing” and US$100,000 would be used for “sales/marketing
related expenses”.

12 After further discussions, Tembusu sent a Summary of Indicative Key Terms &
Conditions (“the Termsheet”) to ACTAtek on 8 November 2011. This was
immediately rejected by Thomas on the basis that the proposed terms were too
onerous.

13 Subsequently, on 10 November 2011, Thomas invited Andy, Mahim and Renhui to
attend a meeting with representatives of Investment Research Group Limited
(“IRG”), the listing sponsor for ACTAtek in New Zealand. The purpose of the
meeting was for the IRG representatives to explain the IPO process to
Tembusu’s directors. Little emerged in the evidence as to what transpired at
the meeting.

14 A few days later, on 18 November 2011, Thomas emailed Andy to arrange a
meeting to discuss a further proposed investment from Tembusu in the sum of
between S$1m and S$1.5m.

15 On 25 November 2011, Mahim asked Thomas for a breakdown as to how ACTAtek
intended to apply the proceeds of the proposed investment. Mahim also asked
for a set of detailed financial projections so that the proposal could be put
before Tembusu’s investment committee for approval. In response, Daniel sent a
forecast on 14 December 2011 to Mahim and Renhui. The forecast contained a
note that outlined the anticipated use of proceeds as follows:

Note:

Utilisation of proceed: SGD1.5mil

Sales & Marketing Expenses SGD 500k

R&D expenditure SGD 300k

IPO SGD 200k

Working Capital SGD 500k

SGD 1.5mil

16 After the forecast was sent, Tembusu conducted a due diligence exercise in
the course of which it learnt of certain liabilities of ACTAtek to its
shareholders and directors. These included unpaid salaries due from ACTAtek to
its directors and shareholder loans which had been extended to ACTAtek. As
part of the due diligence process, Renhui emailed Thomas, on 19 December 2011,
to clarify certain aspects of ACTAtek’s forecast. On the same day, Daniel
replied to Renhui’s email, with a copy to Thomas, to address the various
queries raised by Renhui. Two of the questions posed, as well as the
corresponding replies, are of particular significance in this case. First, the
forecast indicated a “Long Term Loan” in the sum of US$716,888. Renhui asked
what this was. Daniel replied that US$578,000 represented salaries that were
overdue and outstanding to Thomas and Paul for more than a year whereas the
remaining US$138,888 was a bank loan. In a subsequent email which was sent
from Daniel to Renhui on 22 December 2011, it was clarified that the liability
of USD$578,000 pertained only to salaries owing to Thomas and Paul from 2008
to 2010. In that same email, it was noted that there were also salaries due to
Thomas and Paul in respect of their work in 2011 which amounted to US$138,769
and US$269,249 respectively. Second, Renhui asked for the details of all
shareholder loans that were outstanding and for details on the planned
capitalisation of all such loans. Daniel furnished the requested details of
the outstanding loans and also stated that these would not be converted into
equity, but would be “repaid by cash as most of them are outstanding salary
accrual to direct/indirect shareholders”. The shareholder loans were broken
down into three categories: (a) USD$768,479 owing to Thomas; (b) USD$464,249
owing to Paul; and (c) USD$292,252 owing to Hectrix. The amount of USD$768,479
which was reflected as owing to Thomas by way of “shareholder loans” comprised
his accrued salaries from 2008 to 2011 as well as a short term loan from
Thomas to the company. As for the “shareholder loans” owing to Paul, it would
appear that the sum of $464,249 consisted entirely of his accrued salaries
from 2008 to 2011. We pause to note here that from the correspondence between
the parties, they were not always consistent in their usage of the term
“shareholder loans”. At times, it would be a reference simply to the cash
loans provided by the shareholders while at other times, it would be a
reference to both the cash loans and accrued salaries due to the shareholders.
For clarity, unless otherwise stated, a reference to “shareholder loans” in
this judgment pertains only to the cash loans and not the accrued salaries.

17 A due diligence call was then conducted between the parties on 21 December
2011. There are differing accounts as to what precisely transpired during the
call although what is undisputed is that the subject of converting the
shareholder loans and accrued salaries into equity was discussed. However, no
agreement was reached on this point.

18 The principal difficulty in this regard centred on the fact that Thomas
insisted upon the issuance of penny warrants to him and Paul as part of the
terms of conversion, which would grant them the option to acquire additional
equity in the company upon its listing at a nominal price. Mahim, on the other
hand, refused to agree to this because he was concerned this would dilute
Tembusu’s shareholding after the IPO which was expected shortly. On 5 January
2012, Mahim emailed Thomas asking if he would be amenable to having the
shareholder loans converted at certain valuations with the remaining Accounts
Payable remaining as debt “with free cash flow used to pay them down”. It is
not disputed that the Accounts Payable referred to the unpaid but accrued
salaries. Thomas replied on the same day expressing his unhappiness at the
fact that Mahim was insisting on a simple conversion without any other form of
compensation (ie, through the issuance of penny warrants to him and Paul).
Thomas then suggested deferring this issue “until IPO time”. This was accepted
by Mahim and on this basis, the parties proceeded to finalise the 2012 CLA. We
pause to make a couple of brief observations. It is evident that as at 5
January 2012, a day before the 2012 CLA was entered into, Tembusu’s position
as reflected in the email from Mahim was that it would not find it
objectionable for the Appellants to use “free cash flow” to pay off accrued
and/or overdue salaries. What Mahim also made clear was that from Tembusu’s
perspective, the shareholder loans, which in this context clearly did not
include overdue salaries, were to be dealt with as part of the equity
conversion that was anticipated at that time. This in turn was precisely how
the Appellants saw it at this stage as seen from Daniel’s email to Renhui on
19 December 2011, just two weeks earlier, which we have referred to at [16]
above. In that email, Daniel had specifically intimated that the salaries
would be paid from cash. It is beside the point that no agreement was
concluded as such at this stage and that the parties decided in effect to
defer the issue of equity conversion; what is material is that both parties
were operating on the basis that salaries could be paid from available cash.

The 2012 CLA

19 The 2012 CLA, dated 6 January 2012, provided that Tembusu would lend
ACTAtek S$1.5m. The salient terms of this agreement are as follows:

(a) The loan was convertible into shares in ACTAtek upon its IPO at a 50%
discount to the issue price of ACTAtek’s shares or, if there was no IPO, at a
50% discount to the value of the shares assessed by two independent
accountants (cl 5).

(b) It was a condition precedent to the disbursement of the loan amount that
ACTAtek deliver to Tembusu details of how it intended to use the loan proceeds
and an execution plan for its expansion (cl 3.1(d)(ii)).

(c) It was a condition precedent to the disbursement of the loan amount that
the parties execute a supplemental agreement to vary the maturity date
contained in the 2007 CLA to 31 December 2013 (“the Variation Agreement”) (cl
3.1(f)).

(d) Tembusu would have the right to declare an event of default if ACTAtek was
in material breach of any of its obligations under the agreement and, provided
that the breach was capable of remedy, if ACTAtek failed to remedy that breach
within 30 days (cl 8.1(e)).

(e) As soon as an event of default occurred, ACTAtek would immediately come
under an obligation to repay the S$1.5m loan amount together with interest on
it at 15% per annum (cl 8.2).

Of significance is the fact that the 2012 CLA did not contain an express
provision, equivalent to cl 3 of the 2007 CLA, which obliged ACTAtek to use
the 2012 loan proceeds only for specified purposes (see [8(b)] above).

20 On 6 January 2012, Tembusu sent an execution copy of the 2012 CLA to Thomas
for signature. In order to satisfy the condition precedent referred to at
[19(b)] above, Thomas prepared a single page document bearing the title “Use
of Proceeds” (“the UOP”) which stated four categories of use (“the Four
Categories”). The UOP provided as follows:

Use of Proceeds

Sales & Marketing Expenses SGD 300k

R&D expenditure SGD 300k

IPO SGD 200k

Working Capital SGD 900k

_______ ____________

SGD 1.5 mil

_______ ____________

21 It should be noted that the Four Categories were essentially derived from
the forecast sent on 14 December 2011 (see [15] above), although some changes
were made to the values indicated. However, the amendments resulted in a
calculation error. When the four figures in the UOP are added up, they amount
to S$1.7m instead of S$1.5m.

22 Thomas attached a physical copy of the UOP to the 2012 CLA, signed the CLA,
and returned it to Tembusu. Tembusu then proceeded to disburse the loan
amounts and nominated one Daniel Lee (“Lee”) to ACTAtek’s board of directors,
as it was entitled to do under cl 6.2 of the 2012 CLA.

Events after the execution of the 2012 CLA

23 Subsequently, on 5 April 2012, the parties reached an agreement as to terms
on which the outstanding shareholder loans and accrued salaries would be
converted or repaid. The shareholder loans were to be converted into equity,
while the accrued salaries were to be treated as term loans to be repaid over
two years.

24 Shortly after this, in May 2012 Tembusu received ACTAtek’s income statement
for the first quarter. The parties’ relationship deteriorated in the aftermath
of this. From this income statement, it came to Tembusu’s attention that a sum
of about US$260,000 had been paid to Hectrix, (which was the holding company
of ACTAtek and was effectively owned by Thomas and Paul) between 11 January
2012 and 1 February 2012. We pause to note that this was just after the
exchange of emails that we have referred to at [18] above and the execution of
the 2012 CLA and well before the agreement that had been reached in April
2012. Tembusu registered its unhappiness over this payment and sought
clarification from Thomas as to the nature of this payment. Daniel replied
that this amount, which was owing to Hectrix had been inadvertently omitted
from the earlier computation of the shareholders’ loans and accrued salaries
and, therefore, ACTAtek had decided to repay a part of the outstanding due to
Hectrix. Daniel suggested that the payment could be reversed and be converted
into equity. While we have endeavoured to set out what was stated in the
emails that were exchanged between the parties, it is not clear to us whether
the computation referred to by Daniel is one that was put forward prior to the
execution of the 2012 CLA, which appears to us to have included most if not
all of Thomas’s accrued salaries, or some other computation that was put
forward at the time of the agreement that was reached in April 2012.

25 Tembusu did not respond to this proposal. Instead, on 16 May 2012,
Tembusu’s solicitors wrote to ACTAtek declaring an event of default under the
2012 CLA and demanding repayment of the principal amount of the loan together
with an amount for interest calculated at 15%, which was charged pursuant to
cl 8.2 of the 2012 CLA. It should be noted that the basis on which the event
of default was declared was that there had been a material breach of the 2012
CLA in the way in which the funds had been applied. It was only later that
Tembusu added a claim against the Appellants on the basis of the tort of
deceit. We elaborate on this below.

26 Following these developments, on 24 May 2012, Lee commissioned a special
audit which revealed that the 2012 CLA proceeds had been used to pay, among
other things, S$74,128.80 worth of the Thomas’ credit card debts and a total
of S$171,084, which had been drawn down by Thomas in various smaller sums.
These amounts did not come directly from ACTAtek but were instead drawn from
Hectrix after ACTAtek had made the loan repayment in this amount to Hectrix.
Tembusu commenced suit on 2 August 2012.

27 ACTAtek contends that the amount which was repaid to Hectrix was in fact
accrued salaries that were owed to Thomas for 2011 (“the 2011 Accrued
Salaries”). This contention was only advanced after Tembusu had initiated
proceedings. Tembusu on the other hand, claimed that this was nothing more
than “explanations and excuses raised after the misuse was discovered”.
According to Tembusu, Thomas was effectively using the funds of ACTAtek as an
overdraft facility for his personal needs. This, however, was not borne out on
the evidence. The Judge took the Appellants’ case at its highest, namely that
the payment to Hectrix was in fact used to pay the 2011 Accrued Salaries. At
the hearing before us, Tembusu proceeded on the same basis. We too therefore
proceed on this basis.

The parties’ pleaded case

Tembusu’s case

28 At the trial, Tembusu sought repayment of the loan proceeds under both the
2007 and 2012 CLAs with interest.

29 There were two aspects to Tembusu’s claim and these may be summarised as
follows:

(a) With respect to the 2012 CLA, Tembusu’s claim rested on its contention
that ACTAtek committed a material breach of the 2012 CLA by misusing the
proceeds under the agreement and this constituted an event of default under
the 2012 CLA. The validity of this claim depended entirely on Tembusu
establishing that it was an express, alternatively an implied, term of the
2012 CLA that the proceeds of the loan could only be applied in accordance
with the UOP and also that using the proceeds to repay accrued and overdue
salaries would be a breach of such a term.

(b) As alluded to above, Tembusu also brought a separate claim against the
Appellants (including Thomas) for the tort of deceit. This was in some senses
separate from the question of whether the UOP had contractual force. It was a
standalone claim in which Tembusu contended that Thomas and ACTATek had
induced it to enter into the 2012 CLA by a fraudulent misrepresentation. It is
important to note that Tembusu was not seeking to rescind the 2012 CLA on this
basis but to make Thomas and ACTATek liable in damages.

30 As for the 2007 CLA, Tembusu argued that the event of default under the
2012 CLA triggered a cross-default under the 2007 CLA.

The Appellants’ case

31 The Appellants contended that ACTAtek did not breach the 2012 CLA as the
proceeds had been used for purposes contemplated under the agreement.
Secondly, they submitted that, even if there had been a breach of the 2012
CLA, this was not a material breach such as would justify Tembusu declaring an
event of default under the 2012 CLA; and on this basis, there would have been
no cross-default under the 2007 CLA. On the view we have taken of the case,
the second issue namely whether the breach, if any, was material does not
arise and we say no more on this.

32 The Appellants also submitted that there had been no fraudulent
misrepresentations that induced Tembusu to contract with ACTAtek.

33 The Appellants in turn counterclaimed losses they suffered as a result of
ACTAtek being unable to list on the NZ stock exchange. The counterclaim was
based on the following causes of action:

(a) Tembusu had wrongfully repudiated the 2007 and 2012 CLAs which resulted in
ACTAtek not being able to be listed on the NZ stock exchange.

(b) Tembusu had breached an implied term of both the 2007 and 2012 CLAs
requiring it to act in good faith, to not act recklessly or negligently, and
to take reasonable care and skill when taking any steps so as to enable the
ACTAtek to proceed to listing.

(c) Tembusu breached a tortious duty of care owed to the Appellants in similar
terms as stated at (b) above.

(d) Tembusu and its officers were liable in the tort of conspiracy by unlawful
means for conspiring to prevent ACTAtek from listing.

The Judge’s decision

34 With respect to Tembusu’s claim in tort, the Judge found that the
Appellants were liable under the tort of deceit. This was on the basis of two
statements which had been made by Thomas (“the Statements”):

(a) The first statement (see above at [11]) was the email of 3 October 2011
which represented that ACTAtek required funds to invest in “inventory” and
“sales/marketing” in order to take full advantage of the opportunity to work
with Ingram (“the First Statement”).

(b) The second statement (see above at [15]) was the statement in the forecast
sent on 14 December 2011 which suggested that the 2012 CLA proceeds would be
applied to the Four Categories of expenses (“the Second Statement”).

35 According to the Judge (at [45] of the Grounds of Decision (“the GD”)), the
Statements conveyed a single fact: that the Appellants had an actual
intention, genuinely held at the time the Statements were made, to use the
2012 CLA proceeds only in accordance with the specified purposes in the
Statements. The Judge found that this representation was falsely made because
Thomas had always intended to use the loan proceeds to pay the outstanding
salaries, a purpose which fell outside the ambit of the Four Categories (at
[65]–[68] of the GD). Having further found that this representation had
induced Tembusu to enter into the 2012 CLA, the Judge concluded that the tort
of deceit had been established.

36 As for Tembusu’s claim for breach of contract, the Judge held that although
there was no express term in the 2012 CLA which limited the use of the
proceeds, there was an implied term to that effect (at [72]–[76] of the GD).
By making payment to Hectrix to enable it to repay the 2011 Accrued Salaries,
ACTAtek had used the proceeds outside the ambit of the Four Categories and had
therefore breached this implied term (at [101] of the GD).

37 The Judge then found that the breach amounted to a material breach of the
2012 CLA (at [105] of the GD), which entitled Tembusu to declare an event of
default under the 2012 CLA. The Judge consequently held that the acceleration
of the ACTAtek’s indebtedness under the 2012 CLA, before its maturity,
triggered a cross-default under cl 10.1.10 of the 2007 CLA.

38 The Judge dismissed the entirety of the counterclaim brought by the
Appellants.

39 This led the Appellants to bring the present appeal against the whole of
the Judge’s decision. No cross-appeal was brought by Tembusu.

The parties’ arguments

Appellants’ arguments

40 With respect to the main claim, the Appellants raise a multitude of
arguments in its grounds of appeal in support of its contention that the Judge
had erred in his decision. These are effectively directed at making good the
following two contentions:

(a) that the Judge erred in finding that the tort of deceit had been
established; and

(b) that the Judge erred in finding that there was an implied term restricting
the use of proceeds in the 2012 CLA.

41 As for its counterclaim, the Appellants submit that the Judge had erred in
dismissing the grounds outlined at [33] above. The Appellants maintain that
Tembusu’s wrongful conduct resulted in ACTAtek’s failure to list on the NZ
stock exchange and they therefore seek an award for the damages which flowed
from this.

42 The Appellants also raise an additional ground in the appeal, for their
counterclaim. They contend that Tembusu should be held liable for fraudulent
misrepresentation in inducing ACTAtek to enter into the variation agreement.
This argument, however, was not pleaded and had not been considered by the
Judge below. We therefore decline to consider it.

Respondent’s arguments

43 Tembusu in response submits that the Judge was correct to find that there
was an implied term in the 2012 CLA restricting the use of the loan proceeds
and that this had been breached. Tembusu also seeks to uphold the Judge’s
finding that Thomas had fraudulently induced Tembusu to enter into the 2012
CLA. In addition, Tembusu contends that the Judge should have found that the
UOP was in fact an express term which restricted the use of proceeds to the
Four Categories. This last point sought in essence to reverse the Judge’s
finding in this issue; but as no cross-appeal was filed by Tembusu, we
consider that seeking to reverse the Judge’s holding on this point was not a
course that was open to Tembusu (see Lim Eng Hock Peter v Lin Jian Wei and
another and another appeal [2010] 4 SLR 331 (“Peter Lim”) at [26] and [28];
and Chiam Heng Hsien (on his own behalf and as partner of Mitre Hotel
Proprietors) v Chiam Heng Chow (executor of the estate of Chiam Toh Say,
deceased) and others [2015] 4 SLR 180 (“Chiam Heng Hsien”) at [100]). We
elaborate on this at [70]–[73] below.

44 Alternatively, Tembusu submits that even if it was not entitled to declare
an event of default, the Appellants’ counterclaim would fail because a
wrongful declaration of an event of default would not amount to a breach of
the 2012 CLA. Further, it contends that the Appellants failed to establish any
of the other grounds for their counterclaim.

Our decision

45 We first address the Judge’s determination of Tembusu’s claim which gives
rise to two issues:

(a) whether the tort of deceit had been made out as against the Appellants;
and

(b) whether there was an express or implied term restricting the use of
proceeds in the 2012 CLA.

The tort of deceit

46 The elements for establishing the tort of deceit were accurately summarised
by the Judge in the GD at [42] (see also Panatron Pte Ltd and another v Lee
Cheow Lee and another [2001] 2 SLR(R) 435 at [14]):

(a) The Appellants must have made a representation of fact by words or
conduct.

(b) The Appellants must have made the representation with the intention that
Tembusu should act upon it.

(c) Tembusu must have acted upon the representation.

(d) The Appellants must have made the representation: (i) knowing that it is
false; (ii) without any belief in its truth; or (iii) recklessly, without
regard to whether it is true or not.

(e) Tembusu must have suffered damage by acting upon the misrepresentation.

47 In our judgment, the Judge was incorrect in finding that the elements of
the tort had been fulfilled with respect to the two Statements. We consider
them in turn.

The First Statement

48 An actionable misrepresentation rests upon a statement of past or present
fact. An assertion as to the existence of a particular intention or state of
mind would amount to a statement of fact. It follows that a misstatement of
the existence of such a state of mind or intention would amount to a
misrepresentation of fact (see Tan Chin Seng and others v Raffles Town Club
Pte Ltd [2003] 3 SLR(R) 307 (“Tan Chin Seng”) at [12], citing with approval
the observations of Bowen LJ in Edgington v Fitzmaurice (1885) 29 Ch D 459
(“Edgington”) at 483).

49 With respect to the First Statement, in our judgment, this could not amount
to a representation of fact as to the Appellants’ intention in relation to the
use of proceeds under the 2012 CLA. This is because the First Statement was
made at a time when negotiations for the 2012 CLA had not yet even commenced.
To fully appreciate the context in which the First Statement was made, it
would be helpful to set out the relevant chronology of the events and the
emails that were exchanged between the parties.

50 On 28 June 2011, Mahim emailed Daniel and Renhui, copied to Thomas stating:
“I think we should consider doing a pre-IPO raise for Actatek, as that is
likely the best way to position the company for a listing that will trade well
for late next year or early 2013”. Nothing much transpired after this until 29
September 2011, when Thomas met Mahim and Renhui at an industry dinner where
discussions took place between them. The following day, Renhui sent an
internal email to Mahim in which he said:

Mahim,

Here’s what I gathered from my conversation with Thomas during the SVCA dinner
yesterday:

…

2\. Business with Ingram Micro is going well, with Thomas travelling to
Thailand to meet the Thai head of Ingram Mircro to introduce their company. He
expects that the different geographies will sign up with ACTAtek once they tie
up the agreement with Ingram Micro USA. However, he needs capital in order to
execute the expansion plan with Ingram, which brought us to the topic of his
audit.

51 A few days later, on 3 October 2011, Thomas emailed Mahim to ask whether
Tembusu would be interested to make a further investment so that ACTAtek could
take steps to leverage upon Ingram’s network:

Further to our short conversation during the SVCA dinner, to assist me to come
up with a forecast, is Tembusu ready to invest USD750k or other amount to
ACTAtek?

… The fact that we need the cashflow for inventory, sales/marketing investment
has been mentioned. All we need now is the fund to leverage upon Ingram
Micro’s network. So our plan is based on cash available.

[emphasis added]

52 After further correspondence between the two, Thomas then sent the email
which contained the First Statement:

Mahim,

As mentioned, the USD500k is mainly for inventory financing USD@400K, and
USD100K for sales/marketing related expenses to drive the add-on sales from
Ingram and other distributors.

53 On 8 November 2011, Tembusu sent a proposed Termsheet to the Appellants for
the proposed investment, which was swiftly rejected by Thomas as being “akin
to [a] distress loan” and stating that “ACTAtek [was] not that desperate”. On
10 November 2011, Thomas invited Tembusu’s directors to attend a meeting with
IRG so that the anticipated listing process could be explained to them (see
above at [13]). It should be noted that the listing process remained an issue
in which Tembusu retained a vital interest given that in the circumstances
that prevailed at that time, the expected listing represented Tembusu’s only
realistic option for exiting from its investment in ACTAtek (see [9] above).
It also does not appear to be the case that the meeting with IRG had anything
directly to do with ACTAtek’s potential tie-up with Ingram, which was the
subject matter of discussions between the Appellants and Tembusu at the time.

54 On 18 November 2011, fresh discussions commenced between the parties when
Thomas wrote to Andy to ask whether Tembusu would be willing to agree to a
“proposed investment of SGD 1 to 1.5 million” based upon certain terms. In the
course of these fresh discussions, on 14 December 2011, the Second Statement
was made to Tembusu. These discussions culminated in the signing of the 2012
CLA (see above at [15]–[18]).

55 It is evident that the context in which each of the First and Second
Statements was made was markedly different. While the Second Statement was
made during the negotiations which led to the signing of the 2012 CLA, the
same cannot be said of the First Statement. During the discussions in the
course of which the First Statement was made, the focus was on ACTAtek getting
funds to leverage upon Ingram’s network for expansion and in conjunction with
this to finance inventory build-up and related sales and marketing. In our
judgment, those discussions came to an abrupt end when Thomas rejected
Tembusu’s Termsheet on 8 November 2011.

56 This difference in context is further reflected in the fact that when new
discussions commenced on 18 November 2011, there was a substantial increase in
the amounts being sought. Where the initial discussions had revolved around a
potential investment of US$500,000 or US$750,000 the subsequent discussions
involved a range that was double these amounts. In fact, by the time the
Second Statement was made, the loan amount being discussed was S$1.5m and the
categories of expenses to which the funds were projected to be applied had
also developed significantly. As noted above, during the negotiations for the
First Statement, the anticipated purposes for the loan were “inventory
financing” of around US$400,000 and “sales/marketing related expenses” of
around US$100,000, both of which appeared to be related to the anticipated
tie-up with Ingram. At the time the Second Statement was made, these had
changed to consist of “Sales & Marketing Expenses”, “R&D expenditure”, “IPO”
and “Working Capital” (ie, the Four Categories). The only common item was
“Sales & Marketing” but this was stated to be for a lower indicated sum in the
UOP than in the context of the First Statement. It is not evident that any of
these categories related to Ingram.

57 In our judgment, at its highest, one might consider that the negotiations
surrounding the First Statement provided some context for the subsequent
discussions in the course of which, the Second Statement was made and which
led to the signing of the 2012 CLA. However, we cannot accept that the First
Statement represented a statement of intention on the part of the Appellants
in relation to how the proceeds of the 2012 CLA were going to be utilised.

The Second Statement

58 Turning to the Second Statement, we proceed on the basis that this did
amount to a representation of fact insofar as it was an assertion as to the
Appellants’ state of mind at that point. In Edgington, the directors of a
company issued a prospectus inviting subscriptions for debentures stating that
the funds raised against the debentures would be applied to complete
alterations to the company’s buildings, to purchase horses and vans, and to
develop the trade of the company. In fact, the real object of the loan was to
enable the directors to pay off pressing liabilities. The plaintiff brought a
claim against the directors for the tort of deceit. In finding that there was
an actionable representation of fact, Bowen LJ made the following observations
(at 483):

A mere suggestion of possible purposes to which a portion of the money might
be applied would not have formed a basis for an action of deceit. There must
be a misstatement of an existing fact: but the state of a man's mind is as
much a fact as the state of his digestion. It is true that it is very
difficult to prove what the state of a man's mind at a particular time is, but
if it can be ascertained it is as much a fact as anything else. A
misrepresentation as to the state of a man's mind is, therefore, a
misstatement of fact. Having applied as careful consideration to the evidence
as I could, I have reluctantly come to the conclusion that the true objects of
the Defendants in raising the money were not those stated in the circular. I
will not go through the evidence, but looking only to the cross-examination of
the Defendants, I am satisfied that the objects for which the loan was wanted
were misstated by the Defendants, I will not say knowingly, but so recklessly
as to be fraudulent in the eye of the law.

59 Edgington aids Tembusu in as much as it explains why a statement as to
one’s intention may amount to a statement of fact. But that is as far as it
goes. In an action founded on the tort of deceit, it must be shown not only
that such a statement of fact was made but that it was falsely made and the
maker must have known this to be so or been indifferent to the truth. The
Judge found that Thomas had made the representation knowing it to be false on
the basis that he had always intended to use the 2012 CLA proceeds to pay the
accrued salaries of ACTAtek’s directors. We begin by observing that even if
Thomas did have the intention to use the 2012 CLA proceeds to pay the overdue
and accrued salaries, this does not answer the questions whether at the time
the material alleged misrepresentation was made, he and ACTATek: (a) knew they
were not entitled to do this; (b) knew that Tembusu did not know of this
intention; and (c) misled Tembusu into thinking that the 2012 CLA proceeds
would not be used for this purpose. Once these points are appreciated, it
becomes clear in our judgment that that the Second Statement neither was
untrue nor failed to reflect the true intent of the Appellants at the time it
was made. It bears emphasis that the anterior question is whether Thomas knew
or subjectively believed that the payment of such accrued salaries fell
outside the Four Categories as stipulated in the Second Statement. As was
noted in Wee Chiaw Sek Anna v Ng Li-Ann Genevieve (sole executrix of the
estate of Ng Hock Seng, deceased) and another [2013] 3 SLR 801 at [37], “it is
the representor’s own (subjective) belief that is crucial” [emphasis in
original].

60 In our judgment, Thomas in fact believed that the payment of the accrued
salaries fell within the ambit of “working capital”. In the GD (at [65]), the
Judge reasoned that because all the items of expenditure referred to in the
Second Statement related to the future, Thomas must have known that “working
capital” did not encompass the payment of accrued salaries. We are unable to
see the basis on which the Judge arrived at this conclusion and on our
consideration of the material that was adduced in the trial and before us, we
do not agree with his conclusion.

61 In this regard, we begin with an email exchange which occurred in June
2010, some time before the events that are directly material to the issues in
this case, which we consider to be significant. On 23 June 2010, Mahim had
inquired why, in ACTAtek’s cash flow statement, a payment of $43,839 to the
“Immediate Holding Company” had been reflected. Mahim asked specifically if
this was a payment to Hectrix and why it was categorised under “working
capital”. Daniel replied as follows:

Hi Mahim,

We transferred funds to Hectrix and then Hectrix will make payment on behalf
of ACTAtek.

We categorized under working capital according to Auditor’s Practice.

62 Mahim then asked what the payment “on behalf of ACTAtek” was for. Daniel
replied that it was “salary for ACTAtek staff”. Upon receiving this response,
Mahim replied:

Hi Daniel,

Ok. Thanks. The way it is written, it looks like it is a repayment of the
Holdco Loan. Are you stating that this is not the case? Given that the Company
is looking to IPO in the next 1 to 2 years, any holdco/shareholder loans
should not be repaid until the IPO, as institutional shareholders would not
find that a good precedence.

63 Although it is not clear whether the “salary for ACTAtek staff” pertained
to accrued or on-going salaries, Tembusu never sought to clarify this. The
only concern that is alluded to in the email exchange is with the treatment of
the repayment of shareholder loans as “working capital”. Once Daniel clarified
with Mahim that this was not the case and that what had been described as the
“repayment of holding company loan” in fact related to the paying of salaries,
Mahim no longer had any objections to this. Therefore, it appears to us that,
since 2010, the understanding between the parties was that the repayment of
shareholder loans could not be properly characterised as “working capital” but
that this did not extend to the repayment of salaries.

64 It falls on Tembusu in these circumstances to show that this understanding
had changed by the time of the Second Statement such that the repayment of
accrued salaries also was excluded from the ambit of “working capital”.
Tembusu contends that during the negotiations for the 2012 CLA discussions, it
became clear to both parties that the loan proceeds should not be used to pay
off either the shareholder loans or accrued salaries. The evidence, however,
does not bear this out. In fact, we are satisfied, on careful consideration of
the evidence, that by the time these negotiations were concluded, the position
was that both parties appeared to accept that the available cash could be used
for the payment of accrued and overdue salaries but not for shareholder loans
and we find it especially significant that this is precisely how they had
understood the position in 2010 as set out in the immediately preceding
discussion. Moreover, it seems that this was also within the ambit of “working
capital” as far as these parties were concerned. We return here to the email
sent on 19 December 2011 in response to certain questions posed by Renhui in
the course of the due diligence exercise. Daniel informed Tembusu that overdue
salaries were to be repaid in cash (see above at [16]). We pause to note that
this was the communication closest in time to the making of the Second
Statement on 14 December 2011. According to Mahim, a due diligence call took
place subsequently on 21 December 2011, in the course of which he informed
Thomas that he did not want the proceeds of the 2012 CLA to be used to pay off
either the shareholder loans or the accrued salaries. Instead, he wanted these
sums to be converted into equity after ACTAtek had been listed. As we have
noted above, it was far from clear just what had transpired during that call.
However, even assuming we were to accept Mahim’s account of the events, this
alleged communication took place after the Second Statement was made and
therefore cannot be relied upon to show that at the time the Second Statement
was made, the Appellants:

(a) intended to use a part of the proceeds of the 2012 CLA to pay overdue
salaries; and

(b) knew that this was outside the ambit of the four permitted categories of
expenses.

65 Quite apart from Thomas’ state of mind at the time he made the Second
Statement, we do not accept that the parties ever had a common understanding
that the accrued salaries were not to be repaid using the 2012 CLA proceeds.
Instead, as we have noted at [18] above, it appears to us that the parties had
differentiated between shareholder loans on the one hand and the accrued
salaries on the other. We return here to the email that was sent on 5 January
2012 from Mahim to Thomas, some two weeks after the disputed due diligence
call and immediately before the 2012 CLA was executed, which supports this
conclusion, as evident in this extract:

Shareholder Loans on Balance Sheet of $464,070 (under Accounts Payable) and
$292,252 under Current Liabilities of Amount due to Holding will be converted
to equity. We can go with the valuations you suggested before ($9mm as of end
of 2008; $10mm as of end of 2009; $11mm as of end of 2010). So a total amount
of $756,322 will be converted to equity.

The remaining amount of Accounts Payable will remain on the balance sheet,
with free cash flow used to pay them down, as we discussed.”

[emphasis added]

It should be noted that the “Shareholder Loans” referred to in the email did
not include the accrued salaries owing to Thomas and Paul. Rather, these
accrued but overdue salaries fell within the ambit of the “remaining amount of
Accounts Payable”. This was affirmed by Mahim himself in his affidavit of
evidence-in-chief. As for the “Current Liabilities of Amount due to Holding”,
this was understood to be a loan which was owed to Hectrix. According to
Thomas, this amount owing to Hectrix was in fact cash advances which had been
made by him.

66 As noted at [18] above, it appears to have been common ground that no
agreement was reached on the subject of the equity conversion because of a
difference over whether the conversion would incorporate some form of
compensation for the shareholders who had financed the group during this time.
It was eventually left on the basis that while the shareholder loans would be
converted to equity, the precise terms of the conversion would be re-visited
closer to the time of the listing. But we reiterate that as far as the
salaries were concerned, the position was somewhat different. This is evident
from the extract from the email of 5 January 2012 that we have reproduced in
the previous paragraph. As noted above, Mahim accepted that the reference to
“remaining amount of Accounts Payable” which was to be paid using “free cash
flow” included the accrued salaries. Hence he accepted that the Appellants
were entitled to repay these sums. His issue was with the source of the funds
from which such repayment could take place. He contended that “free cash flow”
meant “spare cash which had been generated as a result of the Company’s
operation – new retained profits” and was not meant to refer also to the cash
injection from the 2012 CLA. While that might have been his interpretation of
“free cash flow”, there is nothing in the contemporaneous evidence to show
that this was the common position taken by both parties at that time.
Furthermore, it is unclear to us why the Appellants would ever have needed
Mahim’s or the Respondent’s agreement to use “new retained profits” to pay off
overdue and accrued salaries. In our judgment, the better view on the evidence
is that, if anything, the parties were agreed that any available cash could be
used to repay the accrued overdue salaries. Hence, there is simply no basis
for concluding that the Appellants did not believe they were entitled to use
any available cash to pay overdue salaries; or that they set out to mislead
Tembusu to think that they would not use the 2012 CLA proceeds for this basis.
In fact it is clear that this was a live discussion and despite this, Tembusu
never sought nor obtained any assurance from the Appellants that they would
not do this. On the contrary, the parties appear to us to have proceeded on
the basis that the payment of these salaries could fall within the ambit of
“working capital” even assuming this was a term of the 2012 CLA. We are
therefore unable to see how it can then be said that they were fraudulently
misled to enter into the 2012 CLA on a mistaken premise.

67 We turn to consider an argument advanced by Tembusu that the subsequent
conduct of the parties evinces their common understanding that the 2012 CLA
loan proceeds would not be used to repay either the shareholder loans or the
accrued salaries. This argument was based on the fact that in April 2012,
after the execution of the 2012 CLA, the parties reached an agreement for the
repayment terms of both the shareholder loans and the accrued salaries, and
according to the Respondent, this included the 2011 Accrued Salaries (“the
April 2012 Agreement”) (see [23] above). The argument proceeds on the basis
that it would be inconsistent for the Appellants on the one hand to maintain
that they were entitled to repay the accrued salaries with fresh cash and on
the other hand to then agree subsequently for these to converted into a loan
which would be payable within two years of the IPO. In our judgment, this is
flawed for at least two reasons. First, as noted above, in January 2012, there
had been a suggestion on the part of Mahim to leave the accrued salaries “on
the balance sheet” with “free cash flow used to pay them down”. It was
therefore entirely reasonable for the Appellants to have believed that they
could use available cash to pay off at least some part of the outstanding
salaries. It would not be inconsistent with this for them to have then agreed
for the rest to be settled by the repayment terms agreed upon in the April
2012 Agreement. Second, even if we were to accept that ACTAtek had embarked
upon a seemingly inconsistent course of conduct by agreeing to the repayment
of the accrued salaries on the terms stated in the April 2012 Agreement if
their position was that they had been entitled to pay these from the available
cash, there remain other possible explanations for the subsequent conduct of a
party that might seem at odds with what it contends is its entitlement under a
contract. This is one of the reasons we have been and remain cautious in
looking to subsequent conduct when construing the terms of an earlier
agreement (see, eg, Xia Zhengyan v Geng Changqing [2015] 3 SLR 732 at
[73]–[74]; and Hewlett-Packard Singapore (Sales) Pte Ltd v Chin Shu Hwa
Corinna [2016] 2 SLR 1083 at [56]). The Appellants contend, first, that
whatever might have been the position under the April 2012 Agreement, this did
not extend to the 2011 Accrued Salaries. Whether that is so or not, it seems
to us that the more fundamental point is that by April 2012, the parties were
anticipating an imminent listing and this might well have weighed in the
balance from the Appellants’ perspective. In other words, the parties might
well have been willing to take a position that was not in accordance with
their strict rights given that the end of the road seemed to be in sight. The
April 2012 Agreement cannot, in our judgment, be relied upon to establish any
common understanding between the parties at the time the 2012 CLA was entered
into. This is especially so given, as we have already noted above, that if
anything was agreed on this issue at the time of the 2012 CLA, it was that any
available cash that ACTATek had could be used for the payment of salaries but
not of other loans. The April 2012 Agreement is therefore neutral at best, if
it extends so far as to suggest that there was an absence of an agreement even
on the issue of salaries at the time of the 2012 CLA. It therefore cannot be
the basis for contending that the Second Statement was falsely or dishonestly
made.

68 In the circumstances, we are satisfied that the judge erred when he held
that the tort of deceit had been made out against the Appellants. We summarise
our key findings on this issue:

(a) The First Statement was not causally connected to the 2012 CLA and
therefore could not be relied on as a basis for contending that that agreement
had been entered into in reliance upon a fraudulent misrepresentation. In the
circumstances there is no need for us to consider other issues such as whether
this was an actionable statement or fact and whether it was falsely made.

(b) As to the Second Statement, we consider that the Statement was not made
with the knowledge or belief that it was false. This is so for the following
reasons:

(i) The Appellants believed that the payment of accrued salaries was within
the ambit of “working capital. This was a reasonably held belief having regard
to the earlier interactions between the parties.

(ii) In the discussions leading to the conclusion of the 2012 CLA, the parties
agreed to defer the matter of converting the outstanding shareholder loans to
equity until closer to the time of the anticipated IPO.

(iii) This however did not apply to accrued salaries generally, or the 2011
Accrued Salaries specifically. The contemporaneous documents suggest that the
accrued salaries could be paid from surplus cash and there was nothing to
suggest that such surplus cash could not include the loan proceeds.

(iv) While the April 2012 Agreement for the repayment of outstanding sums to
the First Appellant’s shareholders did apply to shareholder loans as well as
to accrued salaries, Tembusu’s reliance on this fact to suggest that the 2012
CLA prohibited the use of the loan proceeds for either of these purposes
simply does not follow. At the time of the 2012 CLA, there was no agreement on
conversion to equity for the shareholder loans. Nor is the fact that such an
agreement was reached in April 2012 determinative of (a) whether the
Appellants could use the loan proceeds to pay the accrued salaries; or (b)
whether they in fact believed they could not do so at the time the Second
Statement was made. On the contrary we are satisfied that they reasonably
believed they could and this precludes any finding of a fraudulent
misrepresentation.

The Judge’s finding on this issue must therefore be reversed.

Term restricting the use of proceeds in the 2012 CLA

69 We turn to consider whether there was an express or, alternatively, an
implied term restricting the use of the 2012 CLA loan proceeds to the Four
Categories.

Express Term

70 A preliminary question is whether Tembusu is able to canvass the argument
that there was an express term which restricted the use of proceeds. As noted
above at [36], the Judge had specifically considered this issue and concluded
that no such express term existed in the 2012 CLA. Although Tembusu did not
file a cross-appeal to contest this finding of the Judge, it argues that O 59
r 9A(5) of the Rules of Court allows it to raise this issue in the present
appeal. Pursuant to O 59 r 9A(5), a Respondent may contend on appeal that “the
decision of [the lower Court] should be varied in the event of an appeal being
allowed in whole or in part, or that the decision of that Court should be
affirmed on grounds other than those relied upon by that Court.” The question
then arises whether Tembusu is indeed seeking to vary or affirm a “decision”
of the Judge.

71 The ambit of O 59 r 9A(5) was considered in Peter Lim where we interpreted
the word “decision” to refer a finding of law or fact. In Peter Lim, a case
which concerned defamation, the judge at first instance made three findings
which resulted in the appellant’s claim being dismissed at trial: (a) the
relevant extracts in question were defamatory of the appellant; (b) they were
published on an occasion of qualified privilege; and (c) the appellant had
failed to prove that the respondents were actuated by malice and therefore the
defence of qualified privilege succeeded. On appeal, the respondents sought to
rely on O 59 r 9A(5) to argue that the judge should have found that the
extracts were not defamatory to begin with – the respondents took the position
that such reliance was justified because they were seeking to affirm the
“decision” of the judge to dismiss the appellant’s claim. We rejected the
respondents’ argument and held that each of the three findings referred to
above constituted a distinct “decision” of the judge (Peter Lim at [27]). The
dismissal of the appellant’s claim was not a separate and independent
decision; it was merely a consequence of the judge’s finding that there was no
malice which meant that the defence of qualified privilege succeeded.
Accordingly, it could not be said that that the respondents were seeking to
vary or affirm any of the judge’s three “decisions”. Instead, the respondents
were in effect trying to reverse decision (a) of the judge (ie, that the
extracts were defamatory). This was held (Peter Lim at [28]) to be
impermissible under O 59 r 9A(5).

72 In short, the word “decision” in O 59 r 9A(5) refers not to the judge’s
final determination of the claim as a whole but to each of the discrete
findings which supports his overall determination. We reconsidered the
operation of O 59 r 9A(5) in our subsequent decision in Chiam Heng Hsien and
at [100] affirmed the observations we had earlier made in Peter Lim.

73 On that basis, Tembusu is not entitled to pursue the argument that there
had been an express term in the 2012 CLA restricting the use of proceeds. It
is effectively seeking to reverse the Judge’s decision on this issue and
should have filed a cross-appeal if it wished to do so.

74 In any event, in our judgment, there is no merit to the argument that there
was such an express term in the 2012 CLA. Tembusu argues that from the UOP, a
specific express term can be found, which was to the effect that the use of
proceeds would be restricted to the Four Categories, and if ACTAtek wished to
apply the proceeds to any other purpose, prior authorisation would have to be
obtained from Tembusu. In our judgment, the fact that the UOP was annexed to
the 2012 CLA does not have the effect of creating an express term with the
meaning and effect that was urged upon us by the Respondent. This is so for
several reasons.

75 First, there is nothing in the way of any written communications by which
Tembusu had informed ACTAtek or its representatives that the use of proceeds
was to be restricted to the Four Categories. This simple fact was neither
refuted nor contradicted by Tembusu before us.

76 Second, the way in which the alleged express term was supposed to operate
was shrouded with uncertainty. This militates against finding that the parties
had intended that the UOP gave rise to an express obligation. For example, if
ACTAtek was to spend more than the stipulated amount under the category of
“working capital”, would that amount to a breach of such an express term even
if it was compensated by a reduction of the amount indicated for some other
purpose? Counsel for Tembusu, Mr Daniel Chia, argued that this would not be a
breach of the express term because the values that were identified under each
category were meant to be flexible and the UOP only obligated ACTAtek to spend
the loan proceeds within the Four Categories. We could not see anything in the
UOP that would sustain such a creative and flexible interpretation. Certainly
none of this was ever discussed between the parties.

77 Given that Tembusu’s primary case was that the UOP gave rise to the express
term, it would have meant, on the face of the UOP, that both the categories
and the values stated would be subject to the obligatory limits stated
therein. This, however, was not tenable, as was demonstrated when we queried
Mr Chia as to whether it would be a breach if all of the loan proceeds were
spent on “working capital” and none on the other three categories (ie, “sales
&marketing expenses”, “R&D expenditure” and “IPO”). In such a scenario,
ACTAtek would not have applied any of the proceeds outside of the Four
Categories. Mr Chia initially thought the fact that all the proceeds were
applied within one or some of the Four Categories would be critical. But we
pointed out that on this basis, it would mean that there would have been no
breach of the term he was contending for even if none of the proceeds were
spent towards the listing of ACTAtek. Mr Chia accepted the difficulty in this
construction and did not belabour the point.

78 It should also be noted that these were not purely theoretical concerns. As
a matter of fact, part of the loan proceeds had been used to pay off a loan
owed by ACTAtek to DBS, another of the group’s bankers. Tembusu knew this but
did not regard it as a breach of the asserted express term despite the fact
that such repayment did not fall within any of the Four Categories, (at least
based on Tembusu’s interpretation of the UOP). Faced with this, Tembusu argued
that there was no breach because prior approval had been sought and given for
the repayment of the DBS loan. However, it could not point to any request made
by ACTAtek for such permission; nor could it identify any corresponding
approval which it had allegedly given. It was only able to direct us to an
internal email in which Renhui had stated the following: “[w]e expect the
Company to use our new capital to repay the trade payables, and continue to
repay the DBS Bridge loan monthly instalments”. However, all this does is to
demonstrate Tembusu’s awareness of certain facts and its assumption as to what
the Appellants were likely to do. It was simply not evidence that such
approval had been sought by or communicated to ACTAtek.

79 Our third reason for concluding that the UOP was not intended to create an
express term is the seemingly inconsequential manner in which the parties
treated it. As noted above at [21], the summation of the values in each of the
Four Categories amounted to a figure greater than S$1.5m. When the UOP with
this miscalculation was sent to Tembusu, it paid no regard to this and
proceeded to disburse the loan proceeds anyway. One would have thought that if
the UOP was meant to be a document that created strict obligations for the
parties, greater care and scrutiny would have been applied to ensure it was a
workable document in keeping with the parties’ intent.

80 Fourth, reference to the 2007 CLA reveals a further flaw in the
Respondent’s case. Clause 3 of the 2007 CLA provides as follows:

The use of the Convertible Loan shall be in accordance with Schedule 3 only.
Any other use(s) of the Convertible Loan shall require the prior written
approval of the Lender.

The presence of this clause in the 2007 CLA and its corresponding absence in
the 2012 CLA is significant. It demonstrates that when the parties intended to
have an express restriction on the use of proceeds, they knew perfectly well
how to reflect this in this agreement. Both parties were represented by
lawyers when drafting both the 2007 and 2012 CLAs and they could easily have
inserted a clause in similar terms to cl 3 of the 2007 CLA into the 2012 CLA
had that been their intention. While this is not conclusive, the lack of any
plausible explanation or for the difference is notable. When we queried Mr
Chia on this, his only response was that the arrangement was understood
between the parties in the way he was contending it should be but there was no
evidence of any such understanding.

81 Finally, we consider Tembusu’s reliance on Sheng Siong Supermarkets Pte Ltd
v Carilla Pte Ltd [2011] 4 SLR 1094 (“Sheng Siong”). In Sheng Siong, the
plaintiff entered into negotiations to establish a supermarket and a food
court in a building owned by the defendant. The parties eventually signed a
main term sheet (“the MTS”) which stated in cl 10 that “Tenant usage comprises
supermarket, wet market, thematic F&B, offices and others”. The MTS was
supposed to be incorporated into the standard tenancy agreement to form the
final tenancy agreement. However, cl 10 of the MTS was omitted from the final
version of the standard tenancy agreement. Nevertheless, Annex 1 of the
standard tenancy agreement included a plan of the premises which depicted a
supermarket. Andrew Ang J held that the plan of the premises in Annex 1
constituted an express provision which made the agreement conditional on
permission being granted for the premises concerned to be used as a
supermarket. Tembusu contends that the present case is on all fours with Sheng
Siong and on this basis submits that the UOP should be interpreted as if it
gives rise to an express obligation constraining the Appellants’ ability to
apply the proceeds of the 2012 CLA.

82 In our judgment, Tembusu’s reliance on Sheng Siong is misplaced as there
are marked distinctions between that case and this one. In Sheng Siong, Ang J
had noted (at [43]–[49]) that correspondence exchanged between the parties had
expressly stated that if approval was not obtained from the relevant
authorities for the plaintiff to establish its supermarket and food court
operations on the premises in question, it would no longer rent the premises.
Such communications are wholly absent in this case as noted at [75] above.
Further, in Sheng Siong (at [61]), the only conceivable purpose of annexing
the plans of the premises was to reflect “what they were envisioned to look
like after the requisite A&A works had been done to convert them into premises
capable of being to be used as a supermarket”. This supported Ang J’s
conclusion that the attachment of the plan did reflect an express term of the
contract. In the present case, as noted by the Judge (at [75] of the GD), the
UOP served as the Appellants’ act of compliance with the condition precedent
to Tembusu’s obligation to disburse the loan proceeds under clause 3.1(d)(ii)
(see [19(b)] above). The attachment of the UOP to the agreement merely served
to record the fact that in accordance with the condition precedent, the
Appellants had intimated their intended application of the proceeds. But the
Appellants’ intention to apply the proceeds in this way cannot, without more,
become an obligation that constrains the Appellants’ ability to use it for
some other purpose. We therefore do not consider that Sheng Siong aids the
Respondent.

83 Hence, we agree with the Judge that the UOP did not amount to an express
term restricting the use of the loan proceeds.

Implied Term

84 We turn to consider whether there was an implied term to similar effect in
the 2012 CLA.

85 In Sembcorp Marine Ltd v PPL Holdings Pte Ltd and another and another
appeal [2013] 4 SLR 193 (“Sembcorp Marine”), we held that for a term to be
implied, a three-step process must be fulfilled (at [101]):

(a) The first step is to ascertain whether there is a gap in the contract and
if so, how it arose. Implication will be considered only if the court discerns
that the gap arose because the parties did not contemplate the gap (“the First
Step”).

(b) The court then considers whether it is it is necessary in the business or
commercial sense to imply a term in order to give the contract efficacy (“the
Second Step”).

(c) Finally, the court considers the specific term to be implied. This must be
one which the parties would have responded “Oh, of course!” had the proposed
term been put to them at time of the contract (“the Third Step”).

(1) The First Step

86 As to the First Step, it bears emphasis that not all gaps in a contract are
“true” gaps in the sense that they can be remedied by the implication of a
term. It is only where the parties did not contemplate the issue at all, and
so left a gap, that it would be appropriate for the court to even consider
implying a term into the parties’ contract (Sembcorp Marine at [94]–[95]).

87 The Judge found that the gap had arisen because the parties “never
contemplated the possibility that [ACTAtek] would not comply with the UOP”
(the GD at [80]). This finding led the Judge to conclude that there was a gap
which could be remedied by an implied term. In our judgment, this was an
erroneous application of the First Step. For one thing, it assumes that the
parties assumed that the UOP would not be deviated from and so never thought
that they needed to make such provision. This reasoning seems to us to be
faulty for at least three reasons. First, agreements are drafted from the
premise of what the parties wish to secure rather than from the premise of
subjectively assessing what the other party is or is not likely to act in a
certain way. Second, this also seems to run contrary to the fact that the
parties made no express provision restricting the use of the proceeds, a
finding that the Judge also made. In this light, it seems unclear why the
parties would have assumed that the Appellants would not deviate from a course
that they were not expressly obliged to pursue in the first place. Finally,
they had in fact already made such a provision in the 2007 CLA; this tends to
militate against the premise of the Judge’s reasoning on this.

88 More fundamentally, in order to answer the question whether the parties had
contemplated the particular issue or had left a gap because they missed the
point altogether, the court must first consider what the alleged gap is. In
the present case, the gap may be characterised as the absence of an express
restriction on the use of proceeds. Therefore, the question to be asked is—did
the parties overlook the issue of whether to place a restriction on the use of
proceeds? It is only if this is answered in the affirmative that that there
can be said to be a “true” gap which might then, in appropriate circumstances,
be plugged by the implication of a term. On the present facts, it is
undisputed between the parties that restrictions on the use of proceeds had
indeed been in their contemplation although, as elaborated above (at [65]),
the evidence shows that there was no common understanding or agreement as to
the ambit of this restriction. The fact that they never reached an agreement
was not because they overlooked the issue but rather because they did not come
to an agreement for whatever reason. This is precisely the sort of situation
where it would be inappropriate for the court to complete the task which the
parties had commenced but could not conclude.

89 This is sufficient for us to reverse the Judge’s decision that a term could
be implied; we nevertheless consider whether the Second Step was fulfilled.

(2) The Second Step

90 In Sembcorp Marine, we summarised how the business efficacy and officious
bystander tests are meant to operate. There is no need to repeat that analysis
here save to highlight a few salient points. First, the business efficacy and
officious bystander tests are meant to be used complementarily and in
conjunction with each other. Second, in a commercial arrangement, the basis on
which the court will determine whether a term must be implied is the need to
give the contract business efficacy. Third, and most significantly, the
threshold for implying a term is a high one—the term will only be implied if
it is necessary (Sembcorp Marine at [98]–[99]).

91 In the recent decision of the UK Supreme Court in Marks and Spencer plc v
BNP Paribas Securities Services Trust Company (Jersey) Ltd and another [2015]
3 WLR 1843 (“Marks and Spencer”), Lord Neuberger observed (at [21]) that
“necessity for business efficacy involves a value judgment” and that the test
is not one of “absolute necessity”. Rather, a term will be implied if “without
the term, the contract would lack commercial or practical coherence”.

92 In the present case, the Judge found that it was necessary in the business
sense to imply the term into the 2012 CLA on the basis that it would provide
greater commercial justification to the conditions precedent (ie, cl 3 of the
2012 CLA). Specifically, he said at [81]:

81 … it makes no commercial or business sense for a loan agreement to require
a borrower, as a condition precedent to the lender’s obligation to lend, to
draw up a list detailing how it intends to use the money being lent but not to
bind the borrower in any way to complying with it.

93 In our judgment, this analysis was erroneous. The correct question to be
asked is whether the contract or agreement would lack commercial or practical
coherence if a term was not implied and not whether a particular express term
in the contract would be accorded greater commercial sense with the
implication of the term.

94 The short point is that with the benefit of hindsight there will often be
room to think one can improve a contract. That, however, is emphatically not
the test for implication. There is simply no reason to think that the 2012 CLA
would lose commercial or practical coherence if such a restriction on the use
of proceeds were not included. At its core, the 2012 CLA effectively remained
a loan agreement. The primary business consideration which undergirded the
loan agreement, from Tembusu’s perspective, was the generation of returns on
the loan. From the structure of the 2012 CLA, it is evident that even if
ACTAtek had failed to list, Tembusu would nonetheless have been able to
generate returns. Pursuant to cl 5 of the 2012 CLA, if ACTAtek failed to
complete an IPO before 30 June 2013, Tembusu would have the option to convert
the loan into fully-paid shares of ACTAtek at a 50% discount to the price of
each share which was to be ascertained pursuant to an independent valuation.
Additionally, cl 3.1(f) of the 2012 CLA, read with the Variation agreement,
also had the effect of amending the maturity date contained in the 2007 CLA to
31 December 2013 (see above at [19(c)]). Therefore, under the 2012 CLA,
regardless of whether the ACTAtek did successfully list, Tembusu would have
been able to derive positive returns on its investments made in 2007 and 2012
and this would have remained so even if there were no restriction on the use
of proceeds.

95 In this regard, the observations of Lord Neuberger in Marks and Spencer are
apposite:

21 … a term should not be implied into a detailed commercial contract merely
because it appears fair or merely because one considers that the parties would
have agreed it if it had been suggested to them. Those are necessary but not
sufficient grounds for including a term.

96 To say that a term should be implied in this case would require us to
rewrite the 2012 CLA in terms which we might consider to be reasonable or
better. But, we reiterate, that is not the appropriate approach to be taken to
implying a term and, in our judgment, the high threshold of necessity was not
met in the present case.

97 We therefore reverse the Judge’s finding that there was an implied term in
the 2012 CLA restricting the use of proceeds on this ground also.

Breach of term restricting use of proceeds

98 It follows from this that ACTAtek did not breach the 2012 CLA by using the
loan proceeds to pay off the 2011 Accrued Salaries. We would add, however,
that even if there had been a term restricting the use of proceeds to the Four
Categories, this term would probably not have been breached given our earlier
observation that the payment of such salaries would likely have fallen within
the ambit of “working capital” (see above at [61]).

99 Tembusu was therefore not entitled to call an event of default under the
2012 CLA or the 2007 CLA. We therefore set aside the judgment of the court
below.

The Appellants’ counterclaim

100 This requires us to consider the counterclaim for damages advanced by the
Appellants. As noted above (at [33]), the Appellants’ counterclaim rests on
four legs. We first consider whether Tembusu committed a repudiatory breach of
the 2012 CLA by wrongfully calling an event of default.

Repudiatory breach of the 2012 CLA

101 Tembusu argues that even if it had wrongly declared an event of default,
this did not amount to a repudiatory breach of the 2012 CLA. Rather, the
consequence of a wrongful calling of an event of default was simply that the
notice asserting such event of default would be considered invalid. In this
respect, Tembusu relies heavily on the decision of the House of Lords in
Concord Trust v The Law Debenture Trust Corporation [2005] 1 WLR 1591
(“Concord Trust”) and the decision of the English Court of Appeal in Jafari-
Fini v Skillglass Ltd and others [2007] EWCA Civ 261 (“Jafari-Fini”). It is
therefore necessary for us to consider these cases carefully.

(1) Concord Trust

102 In Concord Trust, certain bonds were issued by a finance company. The
terms of the bond were set out in a trust deed between the finance company and
the trustee. Under those terms, where requested by bondholders of at least 30%
of the principal amount outstanding of the bonds, the trustee would be obliged
(subject to it being indemnified to its satisfaction) to give notice to the
finance company that the bonds are immediately due and payable upon the
occurrence of an event of default. Subsequently, the bondholders’ nominated
board member was removed and this led to a committee of bondholders,
representing 40% of value, contending that an event of default had occurred
and they directed the trustee to give notice of this to the finance company.
The trustee was informed by the finance company that it disputed the event of
default and that an invalid notice of acceleration would cause it substantial
losses by the effect it would have on third parties with whom they had, or
might have, dealings. This led the trustee to seek an indemnity of up to €1b
from the bondholders. Dissatisfied with this, the bondholders commenced
proceedings against the trustee seeking a declaration that the trustee was
required to issue a notice of default to the finance company. The House of
Lords had to consider whether the trustee was entitled to insist on an
indemnity to cover its possible exposure to an action by the finance company
for damages if the event of default was found to have been called incorrectly.

103 The House of Lords held that the trustee could not reasonably insist on an
indemnity to cover the risk of possible liability to the finance company
unless the risk was more than a merely fanciful one. Four possible causes of
action were identified by the trustee in the event the default was found to
have been called incorrectly: (a) breach of an express or implied term of the
contract; (b) breach of a tortious duty of care; (c) conspiring with the
bondholders to cause the finance company injury by unlawful means; and (d)
interfering by unlawful means with the finance company’s business. The
identified causes of action in Concord Trust are similar to those pursued by
the Appellants in their counterclaim.

104 The House of Lords found that there was no express or implied term in the
trust deed which would be breached if the trustee made an unjustified
assertion of an event of default. Lord Scott of Foscote, in delivering the
judgment of the court, made the following observations:

36 Breach of contract. The act that would have to constitute the breach of
contract is the giving of an invalid notice of acceleration, or, perhaps,
having regard to the claims apparently made in arbitration, the unjustified
assertion of the occurrence of an event of default. There is nowhere in the
trust deed any express undertaking by the trustee not to do either of those
things. So a suitable term would have to be read into the trust deed.

37 Various tests for the implication of terms into a contract have been
formulated in various well known cases. In particular, a term will be implied
if it is necessary to give business efficacy to the contract: The Moorcock
(1889) 14 PD 64, 68. The proposed implied term cannot satisfy this test. The
trustee deed works perfectly well without the implied term. It is open to [the
finance company] to challenge the existence of an alleged event of default or
the validity of a notice of acceleration. If the challenge succeeds neither
the alleged event nor the invalid notice will be of any contractual
significance. … The implied term is not necessary to give business efficacy to
the trust deed. Nor are any of the other tests that have from time to time
been formulated for the implication of terms into a contract any more apt. In
my opinion, it is not reasonably arguable that the unjustified assertion by
the trustee of an event of default or the giving by the trustee of an invalid
notice of acceleration exposes the trustee to the risk of being found liable
in damages for breach of contract.

(2) Jafari-Fini

105 Concord Trust was applied in the subsequent English Court of Appeal
decision of Jafari-Fini. There, the claimant alleged that the defendant had
committed a repudiatory breach of the facility agreement by wrongfully calling
an event of default. The claimant’s arguments were rejected by the Court of
Appeal with heavy reliance placed on the authority of Concord Trust (per Lord
Justice Moore-Bick):

(ii) The effect of an unauthorised notice of default

112 … It was Mr Jafari-Fini’s case that in those circumstances by serving the
October notice Skillglass repudiated the Facility Agreement, thereby
discharging PAL from all liability under it and him from any liability under
his guarantee.

113 This submission raises the question whether on the true construction of
the agreement the service of an unauthorized notice of default would
constitute a breach of contract at all. Most commercial loan agreements under
which the principal is repayable by instalments contain a provision of some
kind permitting the lender to accelerate the debt in the event of a default by
declaring the whole of the outstanding amount repayable on demand. However,
they do not normally contain either an express or implied obligation on the
lender to refrain from giving a notice of default that is premature or invalid
for some other reason. If a notice of default is given before one of the
stipulated events has occurred the notice is simply invalid and of no effect:
see Concord Trust v The Law Debenture Trust Corporation plc …

114 The judge held that there was nothing to distinguish the Facility
Agreement from the terms of the bonds considered in the Concord Trust case and
that therefore Skillglass did not in any event commit a beach of the agreement
by giving the October notice and making the December demand. Mr Beazley
submitted, however, that the judge was wrong so to hold because the expression
“… the Lender shall not be permitted to …” in the proviso to cl 23.2 imposed a
positive obligation on Skillglass not to give notice of default until the
expiry of the Certain Funds Period unless there was a continuing Major
Default.

115 I am unable to accept that submission. I recognize, of course, that each
agreement must be construed in accordance with its own terms, but the
principles identified by Jonathan Parker LJ in the Concord Trust case apply
generally to instruments of this kind. They provide a degree of certainty and
a clear point on departure for those embarking on transactions of this type.
The parties are free to depart from that position, if they wish to do so, but
if that is their intention they can be expected to make it clear. In my view
neither the language of the proviso nor any wider commercial considerations
support Mr Beazley’s argument. … The argument can only succeed, therefore, if
the agreement imposes on Skillglass an implied obligation to refrain from
giving notice of default when no event of default has occurred, a proposition
which I am unable to accept in the light of the decision in the Concord Trust
case.

106 The Appellants submit that there is a key distinction between the factual
matrices that were presented in Concord Trust and Jafari-Fini, and in the
present case. In the former cases, the lenders did not have any continuing
obligations under the contract—they had already provided the loan and
therefore the wrongful calling of an event of default could not amount to a
breach of the contract. The Appellants argue, however, that in the present
case, Tembusu’s obligations under the 2012 CLA had not yet ceased. They rely
on cl 5.1 of the 2012 CLA which provides that in the event that ACTAtek
completes an IPO or RTO before 30 June 2013, Tembusu “shall, immediately prior
to the completion of the IPO or RTO, unconditionally convert the Loan into
fully-paid shares … of [ACTAtek] at a fifty per cent. (50%) discount to the
Issue Price”. According to the Appellants, by calling the event of default
wrongfully and asking for the loan amounts to be repaid immediately, Tembusu
had evinced an intention not to comply with this continuing obligation under
the 2012 CLA. The Appellants therefore seek to rely on an anticipatory
repudiatory breach of the 2012 CLA.

107 In our judgment, assuming, without deciding, that Concord Trust and
Jafari-Fini were correctly decided, a point to which we shall return shortly,
the fact that there was nothing left to be performed by the party that was
purportedly acting wrongfully in those cases is a significant distinguishing
factor. Unlike those cases, the lender’s (ie, Tembusu’s) obligation under the
2012 CLA did not cease with its disbursements of the loan proceeds. Pursuant
to cl 5.1 of 2012 CLA, Tembusu was still under the express continuing
obligation to convert the loan into equity upon the successful IPO. In this
regard, the 2012 CLA was an executory contract and differs from Concord Trust
and Jafari-Fini in which, by the time the event of default was purportedly
declared, the contracts had already been wholly executed on the part of the
lenders.

108 In Edwin Peel, “No liability for service of an invalid notice of ‘event of
default’” (2006) 122(Apr) LQR 179 (“Edwin Peel”), the learned author notes (at
p 182) that in Concord Trust, the bondholders were not relying upon the event
of default “to withhold performance of any of its obligations” and that the
outcome would be different if in calling the event of default, there was non-
performance in the form, for example, of the lender refusing payment of an
instalment which is due or if security was enforced pursuant to what turned
out to be an invalid notice (see Edwin Peel at pp 182–183 and Concord Trust at
[41]–[42]). The significant question is therefore whether the wrongful calling
of an event of default is accompanied by an element of non-performance.

109 Similarly, in Qiao Liu, “Inferring Future Breach: Towards a Unifying Test
of Anticipatory Breach of Contract” (2007) 66 Cambridge LJ 574, the learned
author explains that there was no anticipatory breach in Concord Trust (at pp
588–589) because the manifestation of an intention not to be bound by the
contract in that case did not entail future non-performance of the contract.

110 We are satisfied that a key premise undergirding the decisions in Concord
Trust and Jafari-Fini was that there was no element of non-performance or
future non-performance of the contracts when the event of default was
wrongfully declared and in that sense, it could not be said that the lender
was repudiating the contract simply because there was no obligation under the
contract to be repudiated. Because of that, to find a breach of contract, it
seems to have been thought that it had to be established that there was either
an express or implied term not to wrongfully call an event of default. We are
not faced with the same constraints on our facts since the wrongful
declaration of the event of default was accompanied by Tembusu’s manifestation
of its refusal to comply with cl 5.1 of the 2012 CLA. In our judgment, this
suffices to constitute an anticipatory breach of the 2012 CLA.

111 Having therefore found that Tembusu had breached the 2012 CLA, it is not
necessary for us to consider the other heads of counterclaim relied upon by
the Appellants.

112 We pause to make one observation picking up on the reservation we made at
[107]. In both Concord Trust and Jafari-Fini, the courts proceeded on the
basis that it was not a breach for a lender to accelerate the repayment of a
loan contrary to the agreed terms for repayment or to assert an event of
default without basis. It has not been necessary for us to reach a conclusion
on this because, as we have noted, it is possible to distinguish the present
case from both those cases. We therefore leave open for decision on another
occasion whether such conduct if wrongly done would amount to a breach of the
implicit obligation to act in accordance with explicit obligations that have
been undertaken in the contract.

The claimable losses

113 All that remains to be ascertained is the losses which flowed from
Tembusu’s breach. Since full arguments have not been canvassed before us on
this point, we remit the matter back to the trial Judge for an assessment of
damages. For the avoidance of doubt, we should state that our judgment does
not preclude points being taken as to the causation or quantification of the
losses and damages flowing from Tembusu’s breach.

114 For example, we note that in relation to the major head of damage being
claimed for by the Appellants, ie, the loss of capitalisation of ACTAtek
shares which would have accrued to them upon the successful IPO, Tembusu
objects to this head of claim based on the listing structure of ACTAtek which
was to proceed in the following steps:

(a) First, a company with no assets and liabilities would be incorporated in
NZ by IRG and named ACTAtek Limited (“ACTNZ”). This step was completed by the
Appellants.

(b) Second, ACTAtek would then sell all its subsidiaries (ie, the ACTAtek
Group) to ACTNZ which was valued by Thomas at NZ$30,548,000.

(c) Third, ACTNZ would pay for these subsidiaries by issuing 121,400,000
shares to the Appellants.

(d) Fourth, ACTNZ (now with putative assets of NZ$30,548,000) would then be
listed on the NZ stock exchange.

Tembusu contends that, based on the above, although the listing did not
materialise, the Appellants still retain the benefit and value of ACTAtek’s
business. Therefore, Tembusu maintains that the Appellants had in fact
suffered no loss in relation to the failure to list or at least not the entire
loss of the anticipated capitalisation.

115 Whether or not there is legitimacy in this is a matter for the assessment
at which the parties will have to persuade the Judge on matters of causation
and quantification so that he may assess precisely the losses which flowed
from Tembusu’s breach of the 2012 CLA.

Conclusion

116 In summary, we allow the appeal in CA 191/2014. With respect to the main
claim, we overturn the Judge’s findings that the Appellants were liable in the
tort of deceit and that the Appellants had breached an implied term of the
2012 CLA. As for the counterclaim, we find that the wrongful declaration of
the event of default did amount to a breach of the 2012 CLA. The matter is
remitted to the Judge for an assessment of damages.

117 The Appellants are to have their costs here and below which are to be
taxed if not agreed. We also make the usual consequential order for the
security to be released to the Appellants.

Sundaresh Menon Tay Yong Kwang Steven Chong  
Chief Justice Judge of Appeal Judge

S Magintharan, Liew Boon Kwee and Vineetha G (M/s Essex LLC) for the
Appellants;  
Daniel Chia Hsuing Wen, Chua Hun Yuan, Kenneth, Stephany Aw Shu Hui and Ker
Yanguang (MorganLewis Stamford LLC) for the Respondent.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 2: 27 Oct 2020 (22:39 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

