Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the republic of singapore

[2016] SGHC 231

Originating Summons No 18 of 2016

Between

(1)| CCM Industrial Pte Ltd (in liquidation)  
---|---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

(1)| Chan Pui Yee  
---|---  
  
… Defendant

grounds of decision

[Insolvency Law] — [Avoidance of transactions] — [Unfair preferences]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
CCM Industrial Pte Ltd (in liquidation)

  
v

  

Chan Pui Yee

[2016] SGHC 231

High Court — Originating Summons No 18 of 2016  
Chua Lee Ming JC  
15 July 2016

18 October 2016

Chua Lee Ming JC:

Introduction

1 This was a claim by the liquidators of the plaintiff, CCM Industrial Pte Ltd
(“the Company”), for the recovery of payments amounting to $766,799.45 which
were made to the defendant, Mdm Chan Pui Yee, in the lead up to the Company’s
liquidation.

2 I agreed with the liquidators that the payments constituted unfair
preferences to the defendant under s 329 of the Companies Act (Cap 50, 2006
Rev Ed) (“the CA”) read with s 99(5) of the Bankruptcy Act (Cap 20, 2009 Rev
Ed) (“the BA”). Consequently, I ordered the defendant to repay the sum of
$766,799.45 to the Company. The defendant has appealed against my decision.

The facts

3 The Company was a family business founded by the defendant’s husband, Liew
Sen Keong (“Liew”), and some of his business friends in 2001. It operated in
the construction industry in Singapore, leasing equipment such as gondolas and
mast climbing work platforms. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Defendant’s affidavit filed on 11 April 2016, para 5.

The defendant and her brother, Lawrence Chan Tien Chih (“Lawrence”), joined
the Company in 2002. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Lawrence’s affidavit filed on 11 April 2016, para 4.

Liew was the managing director of the Company from its inception. Lawrence and
the defendant were subsequently appointed executive directors in 2004 and
2006, respectively. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Lawrence’s affidavit, para 6.

4 In 2009, plans were made for an initial public offering to expand the
business. A new company, CCM Group Ltd (“CCMG”), was incorporated as the
corporate vehicle for the public listing. CCMG was listed and started trading
on 5 June 2010. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

Defendant’s affidavit, paras 11–13.

The Company was restructured as a wholly owned subsidiary of CCMG. The
defendant, Liew, and Lawrence were all directors of CCMG, with Liew as the
chairman of the board of directors.

5 Subsequently in 2013, the Company’s business deteriorated and it faced cost
overruns for many of its construction projects. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

Mark Sims Chadwick’s first affidavit, para 42; Mark Sims Chadwick’s second
affidavit, exhibit “MSC-29”, paras 10 and 11.

The Company’s audited financial statements for the financial year ended 31
December 2013 (“FY2013”) showed that the Company suffered a net loss of
approximately $21.1m and had a negative net asset position of approximately
$7.7m at the end of that financial year. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

Mark Sims Chadwick’s second affidavit, exhibit “MSC-23”.

6 It was undisputed that as at 31 December 2013, the Company owed the
defendant the sum of $766,799.45 which comprised a loan of $500,000 given by
the defendant in April 2013 and various payments amounting to $266,799.45 made
by the defendant on behalf of the Company from 2010 to December 2013. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

Defendant’s affidavit, paras 26, 30 and 31.

7 The defendant resigned as a director of both the Company and CCMG with
effect from 1 February 2014. Lawrence resigned as a director of the Company
with effect from 28 April 2014 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

Mark Sims Chadwick’s first affidavit, para 13.

and as a director of CCMG with effect from 1 February 2014. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

Lawrence’s affidavit, para 12.

8 On 14 February 2014, the Company made the following payments in discharge of
the debt of $766,799.45 owing to the defendant (“the Payments”):

(a) two cheques in the amounts of $300,000 and $266,799.45 drawn in favour of
the defendant; and

(b) a cheque in the amount of $200,000 drawn in favour of Liew. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

Defendant’s affidavit, para 34.

Although this cheque was drawn in favour of Liew, it was common ground that it
was issued in repayment of the debt owed by the Company to the defendant. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

Defendant’s affidavit, para 34.

All three cheques were dated 14 February 2014. They were presented for payment
and cleared on 20 March 2014. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

Mark Sims Chadwick’s first affidavit, para 18.

9 On 16 April 2014, one of the Company’s creditors, Guan Chuan Engineering Pte
Ltd (“Guan Chuan”), applied for a winding up order against the Company. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

Mark Sims Chadwick’s first affidavit, para 5.

This application was based on an unpaid progress claim for the amount of
$238,450.69 issued by Guan Chuan to the Company on 14 January 2014, and a
statutory letter of demand by Guan Chuan for the same claim dated 21 March
2014. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

Mark Sims Chadwick’s second affidavit, exhibits “MSC-27” and “MSC-28”.

10 On 16 May 2014, CCMG entered into a sale and purchase agreement to sell all
the shares in the Company to Raymond Brother Builder Pte Ltd (“RBB”) for $1.
15

##### Foot Note 15

×

Defendant’s affidavit, paras 61 and 62; Mark Sims Chadwick’s second affidavit,
para 34.

The sale to RBB was completed on 21 May 2014 after which the Company ceased to
be a subsidiary of CCMG. On the same day, the Company filed an application for
judicial management. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

Originating Summons No 467 of 2014.

The application was subsequently dismissed.

11 On 4 August 2014, Guan Chuan’s winding up application was granted and the
Company was placed in liquidation. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

Mark Sims Chadwick’s first affidavit, para 1.

What the liquidators had to prove

12 Section 329 of the CA makes ss 98–103 of the BA applicable to the winding
up of companies. Where an unfair preference has been given, s 99(2) of the BA
gives the court the power to make such order as it thinks fit for restoring
the position to what it would have been if the unfair preference had not been
given. For purposes of the present action to recover the Payments as undue
preferences, the liquidators had to prove that:

(a) the Payments were made within the claw-back period of six months (or two
years, if the defendant was an associate of the Company when the Payments were
made) prior to the winding up order against the Company: s 329(2) of the CA
read with s 100(1) of the BA;

(b) the Company was insolvent at the time of the Payments, or became insolvent
in consequence of the Payments: s 100(2) of the BA;

(c) each of the Payments gave a preference to the defendant in that the
defendant’s position, upon the winding up of the Company, was improved: s
99(3) of the BA; and

(d) in making the Payments, the Company was influenced by a desire to improve
the defendant’s position in the event the Company was wound up: s 99(4) of the
BA.

Whether the Payments were made within the claw-back period

13 There was no dispute that the Payments were made within six months before
the Company was wound up. Whether or not the defendant was an associate was
therefore irrelevant for this purpose.

Whether the Company was insolvent when the Payments were made

14 Section 100(4) of the BA provides as follows:

Section 100.

…

(4) For the purposes of subsection (2), an individual shall be insolvent if —

(a) he is unable to pay his debts as they fall due; or

(b) the value of his assets is less than the amount of his liabilities, taking
into account his contingent and prospective liabilities.

15 These two tests are also known respectively as the “cash flow (or
liquidity) test” and the “balance sheet test”. It is established law that both
tests are to be read disjunctively: Jurong Technologies Industrial Corp Ltd
(under judicial management) v Coöperatieve Centrale Raiffeisen-Boerenleenbank
BA (trading as Rabobank International, Singapore Branch) [2011] 2 SLR 413 (HC)
at [57]; Tam Chee Chong and another v DBS Bank Ltd [2011] 2 SLR 310 at [57].

16 The defendant submitted that there is no single test for insolvency and
regard must be had to all evidence that appears relevant to the question of
insolvency: Chip Thye Enterprises Pte Ltd (in liquidation) v Phay Gi Mo and
others [2004] 1 SLR(R) 434 (“Chip Thye”) at [20]; Kon Yin Tong and another v
Leow Boon Cher and others [2011] SGHC 228 (“Kon Yin Tong”) at [30].

17 I disagreed with the defendant’s submission. As pointed out in Living the
Link Pte Ltd (in creditors’ voluntary liquidation) and others v Tan Lay Tin
Tina and others [2016] 3 SLR 621 (“Living the Link”) at [30], the dicta in
Chip Thye arose in a different context and was “based on authorities dealing
with the court’s discretion to wind up a company under s 254(1)(e) read with
sub-s (2)(c) of the Companies Act”. Chip Thye did not deal with the specific
application of s 100(4) of the BA. Neither did Kon Yin Tong.

18 The issue of solvency may arise in different contexts. In the context of a
winding up by the court, s 254(2)(e) of the CA provides a general definition
of insolvency. However, in the context of avoidance of transactions giving
unfair preferences, it is s 100(4) of the BA that applies. The language in s
100(4) is clear. It introduces two specific tests of insolvency and upon
either of the tests being satisfied, the company is deemed insolvent: Velstra
Pte Ltd (in compulsory winding up) v Azero Investments SA [2004] SGHC 251 at
[89]; Living the Link at [26].

19 The question in the present case then was whether the Company was cash flow
insolvent or balance sheet insolvent at the time the Payments were made.

20 The liquidators submitted that the Company was both cash flow insolvent and
balance sheet at the material time.

21 The liquidators submitted that the Company was cash flow insolvent based on
the following facts:

(a) The Company’s financial statements for FY2013 showed that as at 31
December 2013, the Company had:

(i) incurred a net loss of $21,404,557; 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

Mark Sims Chadwick’s second affidavit, p 27.

(ii) a negative net cash flow of $1,678,679 from its operations; 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

Mark Sims Chadwick’s second affidavit, p 30.

and

(iii) a negative position of $2,426,192 in respect of cash and cash
equivalents. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

Mark Sims Chadwick’s second affidavit, p 30.

(b) If the Company had paid all of its creditors as and when the debts fell
due, it would have faced a cash shortage of $3.3m. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

Mark Sims Chadwick’s first affidavit, p 63.

In addition, the Company would have exceeded its overdraft facilities as at 31
December 2013 and for each month of the next financial year ended 31 December
2014 (“FY2014”). 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

Mark Sims Chadwick’s first affidavit, p 64.

(c) Cash flow from the Company’s operations was insufficient to fund the
Company’s operations and pay trade creditors. In particular, of the Company’s
four main projects (which accounted for 88% of the Company’s total revenue in
FY2013), only one (“the Eon Shenton Project”) was operating within budget and
at a positive gross margin. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

Mark Sims Chadwick’s first affidavit, para 25(h).

However, the Company received a termination warning letter for the Eon Shenton
Project on 5 February 2014 and the Company’s contract was terminated on 17
March 2014. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

Mark Sims Chadwick’s first affidavit, paras 43 and 45.

(d) Based on the proofs of debt filed in the liquidation to date, as at 31
December 2013, the Company had at least $6.3m of payables outstanding dating
as far back as November 2010. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

Mark Sims Chadwick’s first affidavit, para 25(j).

(e) The Company was unable to pay Guan Chuan’s progress claim of $238,450.69
when it was issued on 14 January 2014. Guan Chuan issued a statutory letter of
demand on 21 March 2014; the Company did not pay. The Company’s failure to
make payment led to the winding up application on 16 April 2016 and the
eventual liquidation of the Company.

(f) In his affidavit filed in support of the Company’s application for
judicial management, Liew admitted that the Company was unable to pay its
debts as and when they fell due. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

Mark Sims Chadwick’s second affidavit, exhibit “MSC-29”, paras 9 and 34.

Although this referred to the Company’s position as at 21 May 2014 (the date
of Liew’s affidavit), there was nothing to suggest that the Company’s position
was any better in February 2014.

(g) The sale of the Company to RBB for $1 also pointed towards the lack of
value in the Company. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

Mark Sims Chadwick’s second affidavit, para 34.

22 As for balance sheet insolvency, the liquidators relied on the following
facts:

(a) The Company’s financial statements for FY2013 showed that the Company had
a negative net asset position of about $7.7m as at 31 December 2013. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

Mark Sims Chadwick’s second affidavit, p 28.

(b) The Company’s unaudited balance sheet showed that it had a negative net
asset position of more than $16.8m as at 30 April 2014, ie, more than double
what it was as at 31 December 2013. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

Mark Sims Chadwick’s second affidavit, p 169.

23 At the hearing before me, the defendant did not challenge the above facts
relied on by the plaintiff. However, the defendant submitted that the Company
was nevertheless solvent at the material time because CCMG and another related
company, Singapore Construction Pte Ltd (“SCPL”), were providing financial
support to the Company during the relevant period and stopped doing so only on
21 May 2014 when the Company was sold to RBB. In support of this assertion,
the defendant relied on the following:

(a) As of 31 December 2013, CCMG owed the Company $6.8m. By 30 April 2014, the
position was reversed and CCMG became a creditor of the Company to the tune of
$1.36m. According to the defendant, CCMG had therefore extended financial
support of $8.16m to the Company between 31 December 2013 and 20 April 2014.
30

##### Foot Note 30

×

Defendant’s affidavit, para 48.

(b) Debit notes indicating that CCMG and SCPL continued making transfers to
the Company until May 2014; 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

Defendant’s affidavit, pp 152, 157 and 158.

(c) A statement in the CCMG’s unaudited financial statements for FY2013
indicating that the borrowings of the Company were secured by, inter alia,
corporate guarantees of CCMG; 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

Mark Sims Chadwick’s first affidavit, p 82.

(d) A letter of continuing financial support from CCMG dated 7 February 2014
to Ernst & Young LLP (“Ernst & Young”), the auditors of the Company for
FY2013, representing that CCMG “intends and has the capability to provide
adequate funds to [the Company] to enable it to continue operations through
one year period from the date of this letter”. 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

Mark Sims Chadwick’s second affidavit, exhibit “MSC-25”.

(e) Announcements by CCMG on the Singapore Exchange (“SGX”) in April 2014
stating that CCMG had reallocated funds to, inter alia, fulfil its obligations
under an indemnity it had given for one of the Company’s projects 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

Defendant’s affidavit, pp 162–164.

and that it intended to use the proceeds from a future funding exercise to
support “the Singapore construction business” (ie, the Company). 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

Defendant’s affidavit, pp 148–150.

24 I disagreed with the defendant’s submission that the Company was solvent
because of the financial support from CCMG and SCPL at the material time.
Financial support is irrelevant unless there was an obligation to provide this
support: Living the Link (at [30]). Financial support which may or may not be
given by the provider, at its sole discretion, is meaningless in this context.
I would add that it seems to me that the effect of financial support on the
company’s solvency status would also depend on whether the support was given
by way of an equity injection or a loan. However, this point was not argued
before me and I would leave its determination for some future case.

25 In the present case, there was no evidence that CCMG and SCPL were legally
bound to provide financial support to the Company. Any financial support that
CCMG and SCPL had provided in the past was provided at their sole discretion.

26 The defendant argued that the guarantees given by CCMG showed that CCMG
itself recognised a binding obligation to extend financial support to the
Company. 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

Defendant’s Written Submissions, paras 22.4 and 23.2.

I disagreed. The argument involved an untenable leap in logic. Giving a
guarantee to third parties was one way that CCMG provided financial support to
the Company. However the fact that CCMG guaranteed specific indebtedness owed
by the Company to third parties could not mean that there was therefore a
binding obligation on the part of CCMG to provide financial support to the
Company.

27 The defendant next argued that the letter dated 7 February 2014 from CCMG
to Ernst & Young (see [23(d)] above) showed CCMG’s commitment to extend
financial support to the Company. I disagreed. The letter was given to the
Company’s auditors to deal with the question of the Company’s ability to
continue as a going concern. Although the auditors were prepared to regard the
letter as an “undertaking to provide continuing financial support”, 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

Mark Sims Chadwick’s second affidavit, p 31, note 2.

it did not create any binding obligation on the part of CCMG.

28 CCMG – now known as Singapore eDevelopment Limited (“SEL”) after a change
in management 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

Defendant’s affidavit, para 29.

– has also confirmed via a letter to the liquidators dated 28 June 2016 that
it had not given any undertaking to meet all of the Company’s liabilities
which accrued and fell due from 1 January 2013 to 21 May 2014. 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

Mark Sims Chadwick’s third affidavit, exhibit “MSC-32”.

SEL has also stated that:

SEL’s position is that all moneys extended by SEL to the Company were on the
basis that (a) SEL was itself directly liable under certain corporate
guarantees for obligations of [the Company], primarily performance bonds and
bank guarantees; and (b) where possible, purely to forestall further calls on
performance bonds, and therefore incur even greater liabilities, SEL had
advanced moneys (including through SCPL) to continue projects and pay staff.

29 The letter from SEL unequivocally stated that “[t]here was never any
intention to provide financial support to [the Company] to ensure that it
could be sustained on a going concern basis”.

30 In my judgment, that there was clearly no legally binding obligation on the
part of CCMG and/or SCPL to provide financial support to the Company.

31 I concluded that on the evidence, the Company was clearly insolvent in
February 2014 when the Payments were made on both the cash flow and balance
sheet tests.

Whether the Payments gave a preference to the defendant

32 There was no dispute that, leaving aside the defendant’s Quistclose trust
defence (see [47]–[50] below), the Payments did improve the defendant’s
position in the Company’s liquidation relative to its other unsecured
creditors and therefore gave her a preference.

Whether the Payments were influenced by a desire to prefer

33 Generally, the test is whether the debtor’s decision to give the preference
was influenced by a desire (a subjective state of mind) to prefer the
creditor; it is sufficient that this desire is one of the factors which
influenced the decision: Coöperatieve Centrale Raiffeisen-Boerenleenbank BA
(trading as Rabobank International, Singapore Branch) v Jurong Technologies
Industrial Corp Ltd (under judicial management) [2011] 4 SLR 977 (CA)
(“Rabobank International (CA)”) at [24].

34 However, under s 99(5) of the BA, the Company would be presumed, unless the
contrary is shown, to have been influenced by the desire to give the defendant
an unfair preference if the defendant was an associate of the Company at the
time the preference was given.

35 It was not disputed that in this case, for purposes of s 99(5) of the BA,
an “associate” of the Company includes the spouse or a relative of a director
of the Company: regs 2 and 4 of the Companies (Application of Bankruptcy Act
Provisions) Regulations (Cap 50, Rg 3, 1996 Rev Ed) (“the Regulations”) read
with s 101(2) of the BA. It was also not disputed that the defendant was an
associate of the Company either because she was Liew’s spouse or because she
was Lawrence’s sister, both Liew and Lawrence being directors of the Company
at the time the Payments were made. Therefore, the statutory presumption under
s 99(5) of the BA applied in this case. The burden was on the defendant to
rebut the presumption. To rebut the presumption, the defendant had to show
that the Payments were not influenced at all by any desire on the Company’s
part to place her in a preferential position: Liquidators of Progen
Engineering Pte Ltd v Progen Holdings Ltd [2010] 4 SLR 1089 at [36].

36 The defendant first submitted that the Company’s directors honestly
believed in February 2014 that the Company could continue as a going concern.
It was not necessary to establish that the directors of the Company knew or
believed that it was insolvent in order to prove unfair preference (Rabobank
International (CA) at [30] and [31]). However, the defendant submitted that
the fact that it was never on the directors’ minds that the Company was
insolvent was a strong indication that there was no desire to prefer her as a
creditor.

37 The defendant referred to Lee Eng Beng, “The Avoidance Provisions of the
Bankruptcy Act 1995 and Their Application to Companies” [1995] Sing JLS 597
where the learned author made the following observation (at p 616):

Admittedly, it is improbably that one would have a desire to prefer if he is
ignorant of his own impoverished condition. On the other hand, it is very
possible that a person will have a desire to prefer even if he is not
absolutely sure that he is insolvent; it is totally plausible that he may
entertain such a desire where he suspects or has reason to believe that his
own insolvency is a real possibility.

38 The defendant relied on the following as evidence of the directors’ belief
in the Company’s solvency.

(a) Liew’s statement during an interview which was published on 27 January
2014 that “CCM has no problems continuing as a going-concern”. 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

Defendant’s affidavit, p 151.

(b) Confirmation by the directors of CCMG to CCMG’s auditors that they
believed CCMG and the Group (ie, CCMG’s subsidiaries including the Company)
will be able to continue as going concerns, as reflected in CCMG’s auditors’
report for FY2013 (dated 3 April 2014) and CCMG’s press release dated 8 April
2014. 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

Defendant’s affidavit, p 147.

(c) Liew’s loan of $3m given to the Company in January 2014 (“the $3m Loan”).
42

##### Foot Note 42

×

Defendant’s affidavit, para 32.

According to the defendant, Liew would not have given this loan if he believed
that the Company was insolvent or would be wound up in the near future.

39 I disagreed with the defendant’s claim that the directors believed the
Company was solvent. First, Liew’s statement published on 27 January 2014 was
in relation to CCMG and not the Company. In addition, the statement was made
in response to rumours of CCMG going down. In my view, the statement could not
be given much weight in the circumstances. Second, the $3m Loan was not given
to the Company. Instead, it was given to CCMG. 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

Mark Sims Chadwick’s second affidavit, p 18.

The fact that the funds were deposited into the Company’s account could only
mean that it was a loan by CCMG to the Company. Indeed, the fact that the loan
was made to CCMG rather than the Company (although it appeared that it was
intended to fund the Company) was more consistent with Liew’s lack of belief
in the Company’s solvency.

40 In my view, it was implausible that the directors were unaware of the
Company’s perilous financial position when the Payments were made in February
2014. The Company was clearly balance sheet as well as cash flow insolvent and
there was no binding obligation on CCMG to provide financial support to the
Company to ensure that all of the Company’s debts would be paid. Even Guan
Chuan’s progress claim of $238,450.69 issued in January 2014 went unpaid.

41 The defendant next submitted that there was no intention to prefer because
there was a genuine commercial reason for the Payments. The defendant claimed
that the sole purpose for making the Payments was to consolidate the amounts
owing to her under Liew’s name since she had resigned from the Company. 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

Defendant’s affidavit, para 32.

The defendant further claimed that of the $3m Loan, $1m was set aside to
settle the amounts owing to her.

42 I rejected the defendant’s claims. The evidence did not support her case.
First, there was no evidence that the debts owing to the defendant were
“consolidated” under Liew’s name. The Payments were recorded as repayments of
amounts “owing to director” in the Company’s ledgers. 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

Mark Sims Chadwick’s first affidavit, exhibit “MSC-8”.

No corresponding debt owed to Liew was recorded. In addition, Liew did not
file any proof of debt in relation to the sum of $766,799.45.

43 Second, the bank statements of the Company’s UOB account (“the UOB
Account”) flatly contradicted the defendant’s contention that $1m from the $3m
Loan had been specifically set aside for the sole purpose of settling the
outstanding amounts owed to defendant. The bank statements (“the UOB
Statements”) were tendered by the liquidators’ counsel belatedly at the
hearing of this application. However, the defendant’s counsel did not object
to the admission of these bank statements or dispute their authenticity.

44 The UOB Statements corroborated the defendant’s evidence that the $3m Loan
was deposited into the Company’s UOB Account in two tranches. 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

Defendant’s affidavit, para 33.

The first tranche of $2m was deposited on 24 January 2014 when the UOB Account
was already overdrawn by more than $1.3m. 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

January bank 2014 statements for UOB account no 934-342-340-0 (“January 2014
bank statements for the UOB account”), p 6.

Multiple withdrawals were made on the very same day, leaving a balance of
$624,792.63. 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

January 2014 bank statements for the UOB account, p 7.

The second tranche of $1m was deposited on 27 January 2014. Again, numerous
withdrawals were made by the Company soon after. As a result, the UOB Account
was back to being overdrawn by the end of the next day, 28 January 2014. 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

January 2014 bank statements for the UOB account, p 10.

It was patently clear that no part of the $3m Loan was segregated for the
specific purpose of repaying the defendant. In fact, the full amount of $3m
had been withdrawn from the UOB Account well before the three cheques were
issued to the defendant on 14 February 2014.

45 Third, I found the defendant’s explanation for the Payments (ie, to
consolidate the debts under Liew’s name) hard to believe given the
circumstances of the case. There was no compelling reason to consolidate the
debts owed to her under Liew’s name just because she had resigned.

46 For completeness, I would add that the defendant also asserted that the
Company had issued two earlier cheques in June or July 2013 to her for the
total amount of $500,000. Her evidence was that she had overlooked these
earlier cheques before they expired and the two cheques issued to her in
February 2014 for the total amount of $500,000 (see [8] above) were
replacements for the cheques originally issued in 2013. 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

Defendant’s affidavit, paras 28 and 34.

In my view, this point was neither here nor there. Even if it was true, this
explanation did not constitute a commercial justification for the Company to
prefer the defendant ahead of its other unsecured creditors by making the
Payments in February 2014. The defendant was not even pressing the Company for
payment.

Whether the funds used to make the Payments were held under a Quistclose
trust?

47 Finally, the defendant submitted that as Liew had informed the Company that
of the $3m Loan, $1m was to be set aside to be used to pay the defendant, the
$1m was subject to an express Quistclose trust. Accordingly, the Payments were
not made using the general assets of the Company and could not be recovered by
the liquidators.

48 A Quistclose trust may take the form of either an express or resulting
trust. In either case, the certainties of subject matter and objects must be
present (Attorney-General v Aljunied-Hougang-Punggol East Town Council [2015]
4 SLR 474 at [113] (“AHPETC”)). For an express Quistclose trust, such as that
alleged by the defendant, 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

Defendant’s written submissions dated 8 July 2016, para 76.

it must also be sufficiently certain that the settlor-donor intended to
constitute the recipient as a trustee, and conferred a power or duty on the
recipient-trustee to apply the money exclusively in accordance with the stated
purpose (AHPETC at [114(c)]).

49 In my judgment, this defence was an afterthought and a non-starter. First,
the evidence as to how the $3m Loan was dealt with proved that no trust could
have been created (see [44] above). There was no certainty of subject matter
as the $1m was mixed with the Company’s other funds in the UOB Account,
without any segregation. Further, the whole of the $3m Loan was fully
withdrawn by the end of 28 January 2014 when the UOB Account went into
overdraft. Hence, there was no connection between the $3m Loan and the actual
monies disbursed to the defendant after the three cheques issued to her were
cleared for payment on 20 March 2014.

50 Second, CCMG’s public announcement issued on 22 January 2014 contradicted
Liew’s alleged intention to subject $1m to a trust. In that announcement, CCMG
clearly stated that the $3m Loan was an interest-free loan to CCMG and that
the loan “will be used for general working capital of the Company’s
construction business”. 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

Mark Sims Chadwick’s second affidavit, exhibit “MSC-23”.

Conclusion

51 For the above reasons, I concluded that:

(a) the Company was insolvent when the Payments were made;

(b) the Payments improved the defendant’s position in the event of the
Company’s liquidation; and

(c) the defendant failed to rebut the presumption that in making the Payments,
the Company was influenced by the desire to improve the defendant’s position
in the event of the Company’s liquidation.

52 As the Payments were made well within the relevant claw-back period under s
100(1) of the BA, they constituted undue preferences and were recoverable by
the liquidators. I therefore ordered the defendant to repay the sum of
$766,799.45 to the Company, with costs fixed at $15,000 plus disbursements.

Chua Lee Ming  
Judicial Commissioner

Justin Yip Yung Keong and Aw Chee Yao (Morgan Lewis Stamford LLC) for the
plaintiff;  
Cheong Jun Ming Mervyn and Jerrie Tan (Eugene Thuraisingam LLP) for the
defendant.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:40 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

