Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the

[2016] SGHCR 4

High Court Suit No 589 of 2015 (Summons 6228 of 2015)

Between

| Chan Yat Chun  
---|---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

(1)| Sng Jin Chye  
---|---  
(2)| Zhang Yuzhen  
  
… Defendants

judgment

[Civil Procedure] — [Judgments and orders] — [Enforcement] – [Writs of seizure
and sale]

[Courts and Jurisdiction] — [Court judgments] — [Binding force]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Chan Yat Chun

  
v

  

Sng Jin Chye and another

[2016] SGHCR 4

High Court — Suit No 589 of 2015 (Summons No 6228 of 2015)  
Zhuang WenXiong AR  
21 January 2016

16 March 2016 Judgment reserved.

Zhuang WenXiong AR:

1 Is the interest of a tenant-in-common in realty exigible to a writ of
seizure and sale? There is a surprising lack of authority on this point.

2 The plaintiff (hereinafter “the judgment creditor”) and the first defendant
(hereinafter “the judgment debtor”) entered into a consent judgment on 18
November 2015 for the sum of $300,000, but this remains unpaid to date. The
judgment creditor applied, on an ex parte basis, for a writ of seizure and
sale to be issued vis-à-vis the judgment debtor’s interest in a condominium
located at 79 Jurong West Central 3 (“the property”). The judgment debtor and
the second defendant hold the property as tenants-in-common in equal shares.

3 I requested further research into this point. Counsel for the judgment
creditor submitted that Malayan Banking Bhd v Focal Finance Ltd [1998] 3
SLR(R) 1008 (“Malayan Banking”) is distinguishable; while Chan Shwe Ching v
Leong Lai Yee [2015] 5 SLR 295 (“Chan Shwe Ching”) implicitly held that the
interest of a tenant-in-common is exigible to a writ of seizure and sale.

4 In Malayan Banking, two writs of seizure and sale were registered against
property held in a joint tenancy. The High Court held that a writ of seizure
and sale against immovable property could not be used to enforce a judgment
against a debtor who is one of two or more joint tenants of that immovable
property. In Chan Shwe Ching, the plaintiff-judgment creditor applied for a
writ of seizure of sale in respect of property held by the defendant-judgment
debtor in a joint tenancy. The High Court declined to follow Malayan Banking,
and held that property held under a joint tenancy can be seized.

5 I agree that the ratio decidendi of Malayan Banking does not extend to
tenancies in common. The decision rests on the following propositions:

(a) The “interest of the judgment debtor” attachable under a writ of seizure
and sale must be distinct and identifiable (at [15]);

(b) A joint tenant has no distinct and identifiable interest in land for as
long as the joint tenancy subsists (ibid);

(c) To seize one joint tenant’s interest is to seize also the interest of his
co-owner when they are not subject to the judgment which is being enforced
(ibid);

(d) A writ of seizure and sale cannot therefore attach the interest of a joint
tenant unless it concomitantly severs the joint tenancy (ibid);

(e) A writ of seizure and sale, when registered, does not sever a joint
tenancy (at [18]) because a writ of seizure and sale does not necessarily lead
to a sale (at [17]).

6 I assume arguendo the validity of the proposition (at [5(b)] supra) that a
joint tenant has no distinct and identifiable interest in land for as long as
the joint tenancy exists. It is trite that a tenant-in-common owns a distinct
and identifiable interest in land (Goh Teh Lee v Lim Li Pheng Maria and others
[2010] 3 SLR 364 (“Goh Teh Lee”) at [13]): each tenant-in-common has a
separate title and holds a fixed beneficial interest immune from the right of
survivorship (Lau Siew Kim v Yeo Guan Chye Terence and another [2008] 2 SLR(R)
108 at [84] and [85]). Indeed it would not be possible for the interest of a
tenant-in-common to be the subject of a testamentary disposition if it were
not distinct and identifiable.

7 Furthermore Malayan Banking took severance of a joint tenancy to be an
essential prerequisite for a writ of seizure and sale to be exigible. At risk
of stating the obvious, a joint tenancy is converted into a tenancy in common
upon severance. It was thereby implicitly assumed that the interest of a
tenant-in-common is exigible to a writ of seizure of and sale.

8 Chan Shwe Ching is similar in this respect. The court, in the context of
comparing the prejudice suffered by joint tenants and tenants-in-common when
property is sold pursuant to a writ of seizure and sale, mentioned that the
prejudice suffered by joint tenants would be “very similar in cases involving
the [writ of seizure and sale] of an immovable property held as tenants-in-
common” (at [22]). This presupposes that the interest of a tenant-in-common is
exigible to a writ of seizure and sale.

9 I leave the preceding aside for the ensuing paragraphs. If the interest of a
joint tenant is exigible to a writ of seizure of sale, it follows a fortiori
that the interest of a tenant-in-common would also be so exigible. This is
because a joint tenancy must, by definition, fulfil the four unities of
interest, title, time and possession (Goh Teh Lee v Lim Li Pheng Maria and
others [2010] 3 SLR 364 at [17]) whereas a tenancy in common only requires
unity of possession (Jack Chia-MPH Ltd v Malayan Credit Ltd [1983-1984] SLR(R)
420 at [11]). Therefore if Chan Shwe Ching was correct in declining to follow
Malayan Banking, the interest of a tenant-in-common should a fortiori be
exigible to a writ of seizure and sale.

10 On the assumption that I am bound by the decisions of High Court Judges due
to the doctrine of stare decisis, I am neither bound by Malayan Banking nor
Chan Shwe Ching because they conflict with each other (see eg, Hughes and Vale
Proprietary Ld v State of New South Wales and others [1955] 1 AC 241 at 308).

11 In any event, I am not so bound. Horizontal stare decisis does not prevail
in Singapore with the Court of Appeal expressly affirming that the High Court
is not bound by its previous decisions (Attorney-General v Shadrake Alan
[2010] SGHC 327 at [4]). Section 62 of the Supreme Court of Judicature Act
(Cap 322, 2007 Rev Ed) provides that an Assistant Registrar shall have such
jurisdiction, powers and duties as may be prescribed by the Rules of Court
(Cap 322, R 5, 2014 Rev Ed); and O 32 r 9 of the same provides that an
Assistant Registrar exercises “all such authority and jurisdiction under any
written law as may be transacted and exercised by a Judge in Chambers”.
Therefore an “assistant registrar has the same powers and jurisdiction as a
judge in chambers” (Attorney-General v Chee Soon Juan [2006] 2 SLR(R) 650 at
[12]).

12 Chan Shwe Ching declined to follow Malayan Banking for the reasons
summarised below:

(a) The wording of O 47 r 4 of the Rules of Court refers to “any interest
therein” and there is nothing which would support a restrictive interpretation
(at [10]);

(b) Prior to Malayan Banking severance of a joint tenancy was not a
prerequisite for the issuance of a writ of seizure and sale against a joint
tenant’s interest in land (at [11]);

(c) As the interest of a joint tenant in land is capable of being alienated
and identified, and it is commonly accepted that severance occurs when the
sheriff sells the land pursuant to a writ of seizure and sale, there is no
reason why a writ of seizure and sale cannot be issued against a joint
tenant’s interest in land (at [13]);

(d) Other Commonwealth jurisdictions do not consider the question and assume
that the interest of a joint tenant can be taken in execution (at [15] and
[16]);

(e) Courts should not treat judgment debtors differently based on the type of
co-ownership by which their property is held, and the risk of unfairness is
endemic to any form of co-ownership (at [22] and [23]).

13 I agree with the reasons above and add my own. Firstly, description should
not be conflated with prescription. A joint tenancy possesses the four unities
of interest, title, time and possession. There is no doubt that a writ of
seizure and sale is repugnant to the unities of interest and title – but the
very issue at stake is whether this repugnance should be a bar to the
exigibility of the interest of a joint tenant to a writ of seizure and sale.
The four unities are not indestructible. If one or more of the unities of
interest, title and time are destroyed, the erstwhile joint tenants would be
holding the property as tenants-in-common; in established legal parlance the
destruction of one or more of the three mentioned unities is termed a
severance. If unity of possession is destroyed, in established legal parlance
a partition would have occurred. In other words, the definition of what a
“joint tenancy” entails cannot control the conditions upon which the law will
recognise either transmutation into a tenancy-in-common or outright
termination of co-ownership.

14 The question, correctly posed, is whether a writ of seizure and sale ought
to be a valid means of severance. Malayan Banking did not address this, and
instead followed Canadian authority in holding that a joint tenancy is not
severed merely by the registration of a writ of seizure and sale. But this is
neither here nor there, for steps taken after registration could very well
sever the joint tenancy. As Chan Shwe Ching was at pains to point out (at [15]
and [16]), other Commonwealth jurisdictions hold that the interests of joint
tenants in realty are seizable by judgment creditors, and this necessarily
entails a severance of the joint tenancy. Instead, controversy abounds over
when exactly severance takes place. Canada seems to take the position that a
judgment creditor needs to take sufficient steps to execute before a severance
occurs (Power v Grace [1932] 2 DLR 793), and Chan Shwe Ching left this to be
decided in a future case (at [19]), as do I. I digress to add that the
position in England is functionally identical to the rest of the Commonwealth
save for dissimilar mechanisms and nomenclature. Judgment creditors can apply
for a charging order under s 1 of the Charging Orders Act 1979 (c 53) and it
is thoroughly uncontroversial that the (beneficial) interest of a joint tenant
can be made the subject of such a charging order (pursuant to s 2(1) of the
same; see eg, Harman v Glencross [1986] 2 WLR 637).

15 This runs into two potential objections: joint tenants must act jointly in
order to bind the estate; and the actions of a stranger to the estate cannot
lead to the severance of a joint tenancy. The former is easily dealt with. A
joint tenant may unilaterally sever a joint tenancy either through a
prescribed statutory procedure (s 66A of the Conveyancing and Law of Property
Act (Cap 61, 1994 Rev Ed)) or by an act operating upon his own share (Williams
v Hensman (1861) 1 John & H 546 at 557). The requirement for joint action
pertains only to dealings between the estate and the world at large, and not
to the rights and obligations of co-owners inter se (Goh Teh Lee v Lim Li
Pheng Maria and others [2010] 3 SLR 364 at [21]). As for the latter there is
no absolute rule that the actions of strangers cannot lead to severance, and I
need only mention one example: it is well-settled that where a joint tenant is
adjudicated a bankrupt, the joint tenancy is severed by operation of law when
his property vests in the Official Assignee (s 76 of the Bankruptcy Act (Cap
20, 2009 Rev Ed)).

16 Secondly, as a matter of legal policy the realisability of a joint tenant’s
share in realty must surely be accompanied by a corresponding amenability to
execution. A joint tenant’s share in realty is readily realisable – upon
severance she would ordinarily expect to obtain a share equal in size to that
of the other joint tenants (Goodman v Gallant [1986] 2 WLR 236 at 246–247)
unless trust law comes into play (Lau Siew Kim v Yeo Guan Chye Terence and
another [2008] 2 SLR(R) 108); upon a sale she would get a rateable share of
the proceeds; and if other joint tenants do not agree to a sale she may apply
to court for an order that the land be sold (see eg, Gurnam Kaur d/o Sardara
Singh v Harbhajan Singh s/o Jagraj Singh (alias Harbhajan Singh s/o Jogaraj
Singh) [2004] 4 SLR(R) 420). If jointly-owned realty cannot be seized a
significant proportion of realisable wealth would be locked away out of the
reach of creditors; and a debtor could easily ring-fence his wealth by
purchasing realty and holding the same in joint tenancies. Indeed the default
position in Singapore appears to be that all realisable assets are liable to
execution absent clear and specific legislative promulgations to the contrary
— with the clearest examples being s 51(6) of the Housing and Development Act
(Cap 129, 2004 Rev Ed) and s 24 of the Central Provident Fund Act (Cap 36,
2013 Rev Ed). If the judge-made common law adds to that list simply because of
the arcane technicalities of the law on joint tenancies, joint tenancies would
in effect be arbitrarily singled out for special treatment – treatment that
cannot be defended either as a matter of legal policy or for that matter
social policy.

17 In conclusion, I hold that the interest of a joint tenant, whose co-
ownership features the four unities, is exigible to a writ of seizure and
sale. A fortiori, the interest of a tenant-in-common, whose co-ownership is
only necessarily marked by unity of possession, is also exigible to a writ of
seizure and sale. In any event, both Malayan Banking and Chan Shwe Ching
implicitly held that the interest of a tenant-in-common is so exigible.

18 I therefore allow the plaintiff’s application. I shall hear the plaintiff
on costs.

Zhuang WenXiong  
Assistant Registrar

Joel Lim Junwei and Daniel Seow Wei Jin (Allen & Gledhill LLP) for the
plaintiff.  

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 11 Jan 2022 (19:48 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

