Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the republic of singapore

[2016] SGHC 153

Originating Summons No 730 of 2015

In the matter of Section 24 of the International Arbitration Act (Cap 143A,
2002 Rev Ed) and Articles 34(2) and 34(3) of the UNCITRAL Model Law (First
Schedule of the International Arbitration Act)  
---  
  
And

In the matter of Order 69A of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, 2014 Rev Ed)  
---  
  
And

In the matter of the Award No 38 of 2015 (Dated 8 May 2015) in Arbitration
Case No 54 of 2014 of the Singapore International Arbitration Centre, between
Concord Energy Pte Ltd as the Claimants and Jiangsu Overseas Group Co., Ltd as
the Respondents  
---  
  
Between

Jiangsu Overseas Group Co., Ltd  
---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

Concord Energy Pte Ltd  
---  
  
Defendant

Originating Summons No 731 of 2015

In the matter of Section 24 of the International Arbitration Act (Cap 143A,
2002 Rev Ed) and Articles 34(2) and 34(3) of the UNCITRAL Model Law (First
Schedule of the International Arbitration Act)  
---  
  
And

In the matter of Order 69A of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, 2014 Rev Ed)  
---  
  
And

In the matter of the Award No 39 of 2015 (Dated 8 May 2015) in Arbitration
Case No 55 of 2014 of the Singapore International Arbitration Centre, between
Concord Energy Pte Ltd as the Claimants and Jiangsu Overseas Group Co., Ltd as
the Respondents  
---  
  
Between

Jiangsu Overseas Group Co., Ltd  
---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

Concord Energy Pte Ltd  
---  
  
… Defendant

judgment

[Arbitration] — [Award] — [Recourse against award] — [Setting aside]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Jiangsu Overseas Group Co Ltd

  
v

  

Concord Energy Pte Ltd and another matter

[2016] SGHC 153

High Court — Originating Summons Nos 730 and 731 of 2015  
Steven Chong J  
29 June 2016

10 August 2016 Judgment reserved.

Steven Chong J:

Introduction

1 This case concerns two applications to set aside two related arbitral awards
on the specific ground that the arbitral tribunal which heard both disputes
lacked jurisdiction because there were no concluded contracts, and hence, no
valid arbitration agreements between the parties. It arose from rather
peculiar circumstances. At all times, the plaintiff was well aware of the
arbitration. However, it initially elected to ignore the various arbitration
notices and procedural orders by the tribunal altogether. It also refused
service by courier of the pleadings and documents in relation to the
arbitration which thereafter necessitated the engagement of Chinese lawyers to
effect the service. Just before the commencement of the arbitration hearing,
the plaintiff belatedly decided to take some interest in the arbitral process.
It sought to obtain the same documents which had previously been served. It
claimed to have difficulty locating the documents due to “an unavoidable
internal handover” and its “network server’s problem”. It also appointed
solicitors who wrote to the tribunal to seek an extension of time to file its
submissions to challenge the tribunal’s jurisdiction. When the tribunal
replied that the hearing would proceed as previously ordered with liberty to
the plaintiff to apply for an adjournment at the commencement of the hearing,
the plaintiff decided that it would not be able to attend the hearing as
“there is little time for preparing to travel to Singapore”. As a consequence,
it elected to limit its participation in the arbitration by submitting a brief
letter to challenge the tribunal’s jurisdiction. The tribunal proceeded with
the hearing and, having found that the contracts had indeed been concluded
between the parties, assumed jurisdiction to hear both disputes. After due
consideration of the evidence, it issued the two arbitral awards in favour of
the defendant.

2 The plaintiff now seeks to present arguments which should rightly have been
raised before the tribunal. Although the arguments strictly deal with the
merits of the defendant’s claims as regards the existence of the two concluded
contracts, the plaintiff should be entitled to advance them since the
determination of this issue would have a direct bearing on the tribunal’s
jurisdiction. However, having nailed its colours to the mast in asserting that
there were no valid arbitration agreements because there were no signed
contracts between the parties, can the plaintiff pursue other arguments to
challenge the existence of the concluded contracts or should it stand or fall
from such election? This decision will examine the scope and nature of the
court’s role in its de novo review of the tribunal’s decision on jurisdiction.
In undertaking this de novo review, should the court be confined to examine
the tribunal’s decision with reference only to the evidence before the
tribunal?

Background facts

The parties

3 The plaintiff, Jiangsu Overseas Group Co., Ltd (“Jiangsu”), is a company
incorporated in the People’s Republic of China. Its business includes, among
other things, the import and sale of raw materials such as steel, timber and
chemicals. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Liu Lin’s 1st Affidavit for OS 730 (“LL 730 (1)”) , dated 12 August 2015, at
para 6

The defendant, Concord Energy Pte Ltd (“Concord”), is a company incorporated
in Singapore which trades in crude oil and refined products. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

LL 730(1) at para 7

The negotiations for shipments of green petroleum coke

4 The arbitration pertained to two contracts which had their genesis in an
alleged agreement in 2013 between Concord and Jiangsu for the sale of six
shipments of green petroleum coke. This was not the first time Jiangsu
purchased green petroleum coke from Concord: it had also done so on various
occasions in 2012 and on-sold them to its own buyers. The alleged agreement in
2013 was for the same purpose.

5 Negotiations began on 23 May 2013 when Ms Malinda Pai (“Malinda”), a broker
appointed by Jiangsu, wrote to Ms Herlene Koh (“Herlene”), a trader at
Concord, to convey a query from Mr Liu Lin (“Liu”), an Assistant General
Manager at Jiangsu, regarding “six shipments of green coke”. Liu had asked
about the shipment schedule, and for Herlene to provide him with the “selling
price formula” by that day. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

LL 730(1) at p 133; Herlene Koh’s 1st Affidavit for OS 730 (“HK 730 (1)”),
dated 11 December 2015, at p 45

Herlene replied within an hour, setting out the “main terms of the deal”: the
quantity (“5 shipments or 6 shipments to be decided at time of conclusion of
deal”, each shipment being 20,000 Metric Tons (MT) +/- 10% at the seller’s
option), place of delivery, price, month of delivery, quality specifications
of the petroleum coke, date of payment, and mode of payment (which was to be
against an irrevocable documentary letter of credit). 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

LL 730(1) at p 134; HK 730(1) at p 46

Malinda replied to Herlene that Liu would consider the terms. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

LL 730(1) at pp 135–136; HK 730(1) at pp 47–48

6 It appears that, initially, the transaction for the six shipments of
petroleum coke was to be split into two contracts, each for three shipments.
In an internal update to her colleagues on 30 May 2013, Herlene stated that
Jiangsu had “confirmed [a] deal of 3 cargoes” but “still wanted to take 6
cargoes”; she would therefore “send the contract for 3 cargoes first”. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

LL 730(1) at p 138; HK 730(1) at p 50

On 31 May 2013, Herlene sent an email addressed to Liu, stating, “[w]e are
pleased to have concluded the 3 greencoke cargoes with you”. The three
shipments of 20,000 metric tons each were to be shipped to Tianjin, China.
Herlene attached a contract for the three shipments for Liu’s signature, and
proposed to send the contract for the “balance 3 cargoes” once the details had
been finalised. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

LL 730(1) at p 139; HK 730(1) at p 51

Liu did not specifically respond to this email.

7 The structure of the transaction then changed. On 6 June 2013, Herlene
stated in another internal update that Jiangsu had “finally confirmed the 6
cargoes”. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

LL 730(1) at p 145; HK 730(1) at p 57

About an hour later, Concord sent an email to Jiangsu enclosing a revised
contract (“the 6 June contract”), which was for all six shipments: 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

LL 730(1) at p 146; HK 730(1) at p 58

three shipments bound for Tianjin and the remaining three shipments bound for
Rizhou, China. The preamble to this contract read: “We are pleased to have
concluded the deal on 30th May 2013 and 6th June 2013 with your good company
with the following terms and conditions”. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

LL 730(1) at p 147; HK 730(1) at p 59

In a further email, Concord noted that this revised contract was to supersede
all previous contracts. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

LL 730(1) at p 153; HK 730(1) at p 65

Malinda replied on 10 June 2013 that, due to the holiday period in China, Liu
would provide an answer on 13 June 2013. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

LL 730(1) at p 159; HK 730(1) at p 71

However, Liu again did not reply specifically to Concord’s email.

8 On 17 June 2013, Malinda wrote to Concord to advise on the laycan dates for
the first two shipments. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

LL 730(1) at p 161; HK 730(1) at p 73

She stated that there was no problem for the laycan of 17–27 July for the
first shipment and indicated a preferred laycan for the second half of August
in respect of the second shipment. On 21 June 2013, Jiangsu advised Concord
that the delivery date for the second shipment would be after 15 July 2013. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

LL 730(1) at p 165; HK 730(1) at p 77

The email ended with this sentence: “Please confirm and thank you for
cooperation!” In response, Concord duly confirmed that the delivery date to
Rizhao, China would be after 15 July 2013 as requested by Jiangsu. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

LL 730(1) at p 166; HK 730(1) at p 78

9 Concord sent three email reminders dated 21 June, 27 June and 2 July 2013
for Jiangsu to return the 6 June contract which had been sent earlier for its
signature. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

LL 730(1) at pp 167–168; HK 730(1) at pp 79–81

Jiangsu did not react to any of the reminders. Nonetheless, on 2 July 2013,
Concord sent Liu an email setting out the shipping schedule for the six
shipments. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

LL 730(1) at p 169; HK 730(1) at p 82

The discharge ports for the first two were stated to be Rizhao and Tianjin. In
this email, Concord noted: “The first 2 delivery to Rizhao and Tianjin has
been agreed upon.” On 4 July 2013, Liu accepted the nomination of the vessel
Ken Zui for the shipment to Rizhao 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

LL 730(1) at p 173; HK 730(1) at p 86

and, on 5 July 2013, Liu sent Concord a draft letter of credit (LC) for this
shipment. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

LL 730(1) at pp 178–180; HK 730(1) at pp 87–89

The alleged Spot and Term contracts

10 The structure of the transaction thereafter underwent a further change: the
six shipments were to be split into two contracts. On 15 July 2013, Concord
sent two draft contracts to Liu. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

LL 730(1) at pp 183–184; HK 730(1) at pp 96 and 105

The first shipment of petroleum coke was covered in one contract, which the
parties referred to as the “Spot contract”. The remaining five shipments were
covered in a separate contract, referred to as the “Term contract”. The
contractual terms of all four contracts – the draft contract sent on 30 May
2013, the 6 June contract as well as the Spot and Term contracts of 15 July
2013 – were essentially the same except for the splitting of the six shipments
and the nominated discharge ports. This change of the split was done at the
request of Jiangsu to facilitate the opening of a letter of credit for the
first shipment. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

HK 730(1) at p 168

It is important to bear in mind that, at all times after 6 June 2013, the
proposed agreement was always for six shipments. This remained unchanged
though the structure of the transaction was amended at the request of Jiangsu.

11 In response to Concord’s email requesting that Jiangsu “expedite on the LC
issuance”, 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

LL 730(1) at p 181; HK 730(1) at p 93

Liu sent another draft LC on 15 July 2013. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

HK 730(1) at p 102

This was materially the same as the LC sent earlier on 5 July 2013 except for
the contract reference number and the correction of the unit price. One of the
documents which had to be submitted for payment under the LC was a commercial
invoice indicating a specified purchase contract number. It is of significance
that the contract reference number stated in this LC was that of the Spot
contract: 1306/PDT/TERM/T144771. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

HK 730(1) at p 103

The first meeting between Jiangsu and Concord

12 When Jiangsu failed to issue the LC for the Spot contract, Concord’s
solicitors sent a letter dated 17 July 2013 asserting that Jiangsu had
breached the Spot contract. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

LL 730(1) at p 187; HK 730(1) at p 113

This prompted a meeting on 18 July 2013 between the two parties in Jiangsu’s
office in Nanjing, China. Both the General Manager and President of Jiangsu
were in attendance together with Liu. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

Liu Lin’s 2nd Affidavit for OS 730 (“LL 730(2)”), dated 24 March 2016, at para
34

Concord was represented by Herlene and its China representative, Gary Li
(“Gary”).

13 I pause to observe that Jiangsu initially took objection to Concord
exhibiting the minutes of this meeting, on the ground that the contents were
protected by without prejudice privilege. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

LL 730(1) at para 44

However, counsel for Jiangsu, Ms See Tow, acknowledged during the hearing that
the minutes of this meeting together with the minutes of the second meeting on
8 August 2013 (as discussed below) were not recorded on a “without prejudice”
basis.

14 These are the salient points that were recorded in the minutes: 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

HK 730(1) at p 168

(a) Jiangsu had “contracted [for] 6 cargoes in total which was in the form of
one single term contract”. However, it had asked Concord to separate the order
for six shipments into the Spot and Term contracts so as to make it easier to
Jiangsu to apply for an LC for the first shipment.

(b) Due to the bad market situation, Jiangsu indicated that it could only take
delivery of two shipments and asked that Concord cancel the remaining four
shipments. Concord responded that this was out of the question.

(c) Given that the market price for the July shipment would be lower than the
agreed sale price, Jiangsu proposed to bear an additional US$10 per metric ton
for the July shipment. But Concord reminded Jiangsu that, if it failed to
perform the contract, it would be liable for losses flowing from any price
differential.

Concord terminates the Spot contract

15 On 19 July 2013, Concord’s solicitors sent its first letter of demand
calling upon Jiangsu to open the LC under the Spot contract. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

LL 730(1) at p 190; HK 730(1) at p 117

In response, on 22 July 2013, Liu replied that Jiangsu “didn’t sign an
official contract” with Concord and had “no relationship” with Concord “to
sell the products to others.” 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

LL 730(1) at p 193; HK 730(1) at p 119

16 On 25 July 2013, Concord gave notice to Jiangsu of its termination of the
Spot contract. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

LL 730(1) at p 194; HK 730(1) at p 120

It resold the cargo loaded on the Ken Zui and, on 7 August 2013, invoiced
Jiangsu for the difference between the price in the Spot contract and the
resale price. 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

LL 730(1) at pp 195–196; HK 730(1) at pp 121–122

The second meeting between Jiangsu and Concord

17 On 8 August 2013, a second meeting took place between Jiangsu’s and
Concord’s representatives. The points discussed at this meeting were set out
in an email from Liu to Herlene and Gary. 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

LL 730(1) at p 198; HK 730(1) at p 124

In respect of “Concord’s claim for [the] July cargo” (ie, the Spot contract),
Jiangsu said that it was “difficult for them… to pay the claim at one go” and
proposed to “compensate” Concord via the subsequent shipments under the Term
contract. In respect of the balance five cargos (ie, under the Term contract),
Concord pressed Jiangsu to load the August shipment and to issue the LC.
Jiangsu stated that they were still “working on 2 customers” and would require
time to issue the LC.

Jiangsu accepts two shipments of green petroleum coke

18 It is not in dispute that Jiangsu eventually accepted two shipments of
petroleum coke from Concord – one in September 2013 and the other in November
2013. However, while Concord sought to characterise these shipments as
performance of the Term contract, Jiangsu denied this and argued that each
shipment was covered by separate contracts distinct from the Term contract.

The September shipment

19 On 13 August 2013, Liu informed Herlene that Jiangsu had found a buyer for
one shipment (which was eventually shipped in September). 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

LL 730(1) at p 565; Herlene Koh’s 1st Affidavit for OS 731, dated 11 December
2015 (“HK 731(1)”), at p 155

Liu said that Jiangsu had sent “the contract” to the buyers and was awaiting
confirmation. Herlene replied to thank Liu for “[performing] on the second
cargo delivery”. 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

LL 730(1) at p 566; HK 731(1) at p 156

According to Liu, he had asked Herlene for a fresh contract for this shipment
but she refused and insisted that Jiangsu should sign the Term contract to
cover the balance five shipments. 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

LL 730(1) at para 50

20 It appears from the correspondence that, due to the urgency for the
issuance of the LC before the shipment, the parties went ahead to establish
the LC without resolving the issue as to which contract this was to be shipped
under. On 21 August 2013, Herlene asked Liu to proceed to establish the draft
LC. 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

HK 731(1) at p 162

21 However, there were two items in the LC which the parties disputed. The
first item was the contract price. The draft LC which Liu sent on 29 August
2013 quoted a price of US$238 per MT, 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

HK 731(1) at p 170

whereas the draft in Herlene’s reply stated the contract price as US$252 per
MT ie, the price under the Term contract. 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

HK 731(1) at p 174

22 The second item was the contract reference number. The contract number
referred to in the draft LCs was the Spot contract’s reference number
(1306/PDT/TERM/T144771). Concord sent three email messages to Jiangsu dated 2,
3, and 4 September requesting that the contract number in the LC be amended to
read “1306/PDT/TERM/T144771A” – the Term contract reference number. 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

HK 731(1) at pp 179, 180 and 181

This amendment was necessary since Concord had already terminated the Spot
contract. 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

HK 731(1) at p 181

Jiangsu, however, was only willing to amend the contract number in the LC if a
“new complete agreement” could be executed. 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

LL 730(1) at p 581; HK 731(1) at p 183

23 Herlene replied that, since the September shipment was imminent, Concord
would agree to use the Spot contract reference number “just for letter of
credit purpose only” but would treat the September shipment as the first
shipment under the Term contract. Concord would also accept the price stated
in the LC as a provisional price, while reserving its right to make a claim
against Jiangsu for the full contractual price under the Term contract. 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

LL 730(1) at p 583; HK 731(1) at p 184

Jiangsu did not react to this reservation. Pursuant to this express
reservation, on 27 September 2013, Concord issued an invoice to Jiangsu
claiming the price difference between the LC and Term contract. 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

LL 730(1) at p 589; HK 731(1) at p 192;

The November shipment

24 On 10 October 2013, Jiangsu informed Concord that it was “preparing to take
delivery of the 2nd shipment of Petroleum Coke” – which was eventually shipped
in November – and asked for the lowest price quote acceptable to Concord. 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

LL 730(1) at p 594; HK 731(1) at p 198

On 11 October 2013, Jiangsu asked Concord for a fresh contract for its
signature. 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

LL 730(1) at para 55

Concord duly responded the same day with a contract for the second shipment
dated 10 October 2013 and bearing the reference number
“1306/PDT/TERM/T144771A-2/5”. 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

LL 730(1) at p 597; HK 731(1) at p 199

The terms of this draft contract and the Term contract were identical.
However, this draft contract contained the following preamble: “With reference
to our main contractual term (1306/PDT/TERM/T144771A consisting of 5
shipment), this contract details for our 2nd shipment and is solely for your
LC issuance purpose only.”

25 On 11 October 2013, Jiangsu sent a draft LC for the November shipment. 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

LL 730(1) at para 54

On 14 October 2013, Concord sent a signed version of
“1306/PDT/TERM/T144771A-2/5” to Jiangsu which omitted the preamble. 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

HK OS 731at pp 212–216

This contract was still dated 10 October 2013. However, in an earlier email,
Concord had made clear that it would provide an amended contract only for the
purpose of issuing the LC and that all terms and conditions would remain as
stated in the “main contract sent on 15 July 2013”, ie, the Term contract. 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

LL 730(1) at p 603; HK OS 731 at p 205

On 15 October 2013, Jiangsu informed Concord that the LC would be opened that
same day. 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

LL 730(1) at p 616; HK OS731(1) at p 218

26 The LC was issued and Concord accepted it solely on a provisional basis. As
with the September shipment, they reserved the right to claim the difference
between the LC price and Term contract price, 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

LL 730(1) at p 618; HK 731(1) at p 230

and on 22 November 2013, Concord duly issued an invoice claiming the price
differential. 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

LL 730(1) at p 620; HK 731(1) at p 233

Concord terminates the Term contract

27 Although there appeared, initially, to be some indication that it would do
so, Jiangsu did not eventually take delivery of the balance three shipments
under the Term contract. On 25 October 2013, Concord wrote to Jiangsu in
relation to the 3rd and 4th shipments 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

HK 731(1) at p 224

in which it stated: “Understand that you will be able to lift 2 x 20kt (that
will be our 3rd and 4th cargo) of green coke during the month of Nov”. Concord
asked for Jiangsu’s confirmation so that it could start sourcing for the
vessel.

28 No further word was heard from Jiangsu on the remaining shipments, despite
reminders to nominate the discharge port and/or to open the LC. After having
sent reminders on seventeen occasions between 28 October 2013 and 7 January
2014, 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

HK 731(1) at pp 225–229, 231–232, 239–244, 246–248

Concord notified Jiangsu on 20 January that it would be claiming damages for
Jiangsu’s failure to accept the remaining three shipments under the Term
contract. 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

HK 731(1) at p 249

A letter of demand from Concord’s solicitors followed, on 12 February 2014,
giving notice of Concord’s termination of the Term contract, and claiming
damages under the Spot and Term contracts. 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

HK 731(1) at p 251

Concord commences arbitration proceedings

29 On 25 March 2014, 58

##### Foot Note 58

×

Para 11 of both Award Nos 38 and 39: LL 730(1) at pp 32 and 65

Concord commenced two arbitration proceedings before the Singapore
International Arbitration Centre (SIAC) claiming damages for breach of two
contracts against Jiangsu. These were Arbitration No 54 in respect of the Spot
contract and No 55 in respect of the Term contract.

30 Jiangsu was repeatedly invited to participate in the arbitrations but
failed to do so. It did not attend any procedural hearings or file any
pleadings, witness statements, or submissions. Initially, it even refused to
accept delivery of the statement of claim and supporting documents via
courier. 59

##### Foot Note 59

×

Para 22(5) of both Award Nos 38 and 39: LL730(1) at pp 36 and 69

This prompted the tribunal to issue a procedural order directing Concord to
serve the statement of claim and supporting documents on Jiangsu through
Concord’s Chinese lawyers. 60

##### Foot Note 60

×

HK 730(1) at p 258; HK 731(1) at p 460;

On 22 October 2014, Jiangsu’s Chinese lawyers confirmed receipt of the
documents, but added that due to Jiangsu’s “network server’s problem”, Jiangsu
had been unable to obtain the attachments sent to it “during the whole
arbitration procedure”. 61

##### Foot Note 61

×

HK 731(1) at p 560

In any case, Jiangsu instructed Singapore lawyers, who informed the tribunal
of their appointment on 28 October 2014. 62

##### Foot Note 62

×

HK 731(1) at p 581

When Jiangsu was unable to obtain an immediate adjournment of the arbitration
hearing, it informed the tribunal through an email from its legal audit
department on 29 October 2014 that it would not be able to attend the hearing
on 31 October 2014 because it had little time “for preparing to travel to
Singapore”. 63

##### Foot Note 63

×

HK 730(1) at pp 427–428

Jiangsu discharged its Singapore lawyers that same day. 64

##### Foot Note 64

×

HK 730(1) at p 409

The hearing before the tribunal therefore proceeded in its absence.

31 Jiangsu’s participation in both arbitrations was limited to making three
purported “challenges” to the jurisdiction of the tribunal.

(a) On 2 April 2014, in a letter to Concord’s solicitors, Jiangsu asserted
that, in respect of the Term contract, it had not signed any contract with
Concord. 65

##### Foot Note 65

×

HK 730(1) at p 202

Consequently, SIAC had no jurisdiction over the Term contract. The Spot
contract was not mentioned in this letter.

(b) On 24 October 2014, Jiangsu’s legal audit department sent a letter to the
tribunal to challenge its jurisdiction in Arbitration No 54, titled
“Submission to Challenge the Jurisdiction of SIAC” 66

##### Foot Note 66

×

HK 730(1) at pp 362–364

This was on the ground that there was no concluded contract and, hence, the
requirement under Section 2A(3) of the International Arbitration Act (Cap
143A, 2002 Rev Ed) (“IAA”) for an arbitration agreement to be in writing was
not satisfied. There was no challenge to the tribunal’s jurisdiction in
respect of Arbitration No 55. Instead, Jiangsu’s legal audit department sent a
letter on the same day to request for more time to prepare the defence for
Arbitration No 55. 67

##### Foot Note 67

×

HK 731(1) at p 565

(c) On 29 October 2014, in its email to the tribunal (referred to at [30]),
Jiangsu attached a letter in which it submitted that the only two contracts it
had signed with Concord were 1306/PDT/TERM/ T144771A-2/5 and
1306/PDT/TERM/T144771; there were no other contracts “mutually confirmed and
signed” by Jiangsu and Concord.

32 After the conclusion of oral hearings, the transcripts, exhibits, and
Concord’s written submissions were served on Jiangsu. The tribunal declared
the proceedings closed on 22 January 2015. 68

##### Foot Note 68

×

Para 37 of Award No 38 and para 38 of Award No 39: LL 730(1) at pp 41 and 74

Despite Jiangsu’s limited participation in the arbitrations, the tribunal was
satisfied that it had full opportunity to present its case. Jiangsu does not
dispute this in the present proceedings.

The arbitral awards

33 On 8 May 2015, the tribunal issued two final awards: Award Nos 38 and 39 in
respect of Arbitration Nos 54 and 55 respectively. 69

##### Foot Note 69

×

LL 730(1) at pp 27–59 and pp 60–97

34 In both Awards, the tribunal first dealt with the issue of whether it had
jurisdiction to hear the disputes. In this regard, it referred to the
arbitration clauses in the Spot and Term contracts, which were both numbered
“Clause 19” and identical in wording:

19\. Applicable Law

Settlement of dispute and applicable law this agreement shall be governed by
and construed in accordance with the laws of the Republic of Singapore.

Any dispute or claim arising out of or in connection with this agreement shall
to the extent possible be settled amicably by negotiation and discussion
between the parties.

In the event the parties cannot settle the dispute above within thirty (30)
days since negotiation and discussion began both parties agree to settle such
dispute by arbitration through Singapore International Arbitration Centre
(SIAC) in Singapore and in accordance with the arbitration rules and
regulation of SIAC. The award of such arbitration shall be final and binding
upon the parties hereto.

35 Two sub-issues arose in connection with Clause 19: first, whether the
requirement under s 2A(3) of the IAA that an arbitration agreement be in
writing (the “in-writing requirement”) was satisfied, and second, whether
compliance with the condition precedent in Clause 19 – for the parties to
settle the disputes amicably before referring the dispute to arbitration – was
necessary.

36 The tribunal ruled that it had jurisdiction to hear both Arbitration Nos 54
and 55. First, based on the negotiations between Jiangsu and Concord, as well
as their “affirming conduct”, the tribunal found that there was a concluded
and binding contract for one shipment, the terms of which were evidenced by
the provisions of the Spot contract, and a concluded and binding contract for
five shipments, the terms of which were evidenced by the provisions of the
Term contract. Therefore, the in-writing requirement was satisfied for the
arbitration agreements under the Spot and Term contracts. Second, the tribunal
held that the condition precedent in Clause 19 was not enforceable. 70

##### Foot Note 70

×

LL 730(1) at pp 47–50 and pp 81–84

37 On the merits of Concord’s claims, the tribunal found that Jiangsu had
breached the Spot contract in failing to open the LC within the stipulated
time, and had also breached the Term contract by failing to pay the contract
price for the first and second shipments, and failing to open the LCs within
the stipulated time for the balance third, fourth, and fifth shipments.

38 Accordingly, the tribunal awarded Concord the following reliefs:

(a) In Award No 38, damages amounting to US$365,449.23 for breach of the Spot
contract, interest, and costs.

(b) In Award No 39, damages amounting to US$2,622,783.91 for breach of the
Term contract, interest, and costs.

Procedural history

39 On 6 August 2015, Jiangsu filed Originating Summonses 730 (“OS 730”) and
731 (“OS 731”) to set aside Award Nos 38 and 39 on the basis that the tribunal
had no jurisdiction to determine or adjudicate on the claims arising out of
the Spot and Term contracts.

40 I should mention that Jiangsu applied in Summonses 6054 and 6056 of 2015
for OS 730 and OS 731 to be heard partly on oral evidence, with cross-
examination of the witnesses for both Jiangsu and Concord.

41 Under O 28 r 4(3) of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R5, 2014 Rev Ed) (“ROC”),
where there is a dispute of fact, the court may hear an originating summons on
oral evidence if doing so would secure a just, expeditious and economical
disposal of the proceedings. It may also order the attendance of deponents for
cross-examination (O 28 r 4(4) of the ROC). Jiangsu argued that cross-
examination of witnesses was necessary to resolve what, in its view, were
fundamental disputes of fact: whether an oral agreement for six shipments was
ever reached, and whether the Spot and Term contracts were evidence of the
oral agreement. 71

##### Foot Note 71

×

2nd affidavit of Xie Tingting (OS 730), dated 11 December 2015 at para 13; 2nd
affidavit of Xie Tingting (OS731), dated 11 December 2015, at para 5

42 I dismissed the applications. In my view, there must be good reasons beyond
the existence of factual disputes to allow oral evidence and cross-
examination. The court, in deciding whether to set aside an arbitral award, is
fully competent to sift through the transcripts of oral evidence before the
tribunal (see AQZ v ARA [2015] 2 SLR 972 (“AQZ”) at [54]). I agree with the
view expressed by Judith Prakash J that the existence of substantial disputes
of fact as to whether a party had entered into the relevant arbitration
agreement is not per se a sufficient reason to allow oral evidence and/or
cross-examination (AQZ at [55]).

43 Nor is it a sufficient reason that, in this case, Jiangsu was not
represented before the tribunal. Allowing the arbitration to proceed in its
absence was entirely Jiangsu’s own choice and doing. Jiangsu would have had
the chance to cross-examine Herlene and other material witnesses had it
participated in the arbitration hearings. Ample notices and reminders were
sent to Jiangsu. Having deliberately chosen not to do so, they should stand or
fall by that strategy. I was also mindful that findings of fact by the
tribunal are generally indisputable and, consequently, cross-examination is
generally not resorted to in applications under O 69A of the ROC (see Beijing
Sinozonto Mining Investment Co Ltd v Goldenray Consortium (Singapore) Pte Ltd
[2014] 1 SLR 814 at [52]). Besides, there is a substantial body of objective
evidence including the exchange of correspondence between the parties to
assist the court to determine this factual inquiry. The objective evidence
speaks for itself. I did not think that cross-examination would be helpful in
the limited context of the setting aside applications.

44 Nevertheless, I granted Jiangsu’s alternative prayers for leave to file
additional affidavits to deal with two specific points: (a) the minutes of the
two meetings at Jiangsu’s office on 18 July 2013 and 8 August 2013; and (b)
Jiangsu’s internal regulations for approving contracts with third parties. As
explained in [63]–[71] and [89] below, I considered the fresh documentary and
affidavit evidence adduced by Jiangsu for the purposes of the hearing though
ultimately I did not find them to be material or relevant.

Jiangsu’s application to set aside the Awards

45 Jiangsu’s applications to set aside the Awards were based on s 24 of the
IAA read with Article 34(2) of the UNCITRAL Model Law on International
Commercial Arbitration set out in the First Schedule of the IAA (“Model Law”).
Article 34(2) of the Model Law provides that an arbitral award may be set
aside if:

(a) the party making the application furnishes proof that:

(i) a party to the arbitration agreement referred to in Article 7 was under
some incapacity; or the said agreement is not valid under the law to which the
parties have subjected it or, failing any indication thereon, under the law of
this State…

46 It is open to a party seeking to set aside an arbitration award on the
ground that the arbitration agreement was invalid to argue that no arbitration
agreement was formed between them. This is because “the question of the
existence of an arbitration agreement can be subsumed within the issue of the
validity of an arbitration agreement” (see PT First Media TBK (formerly known
as PT Broadband Multimedia TBK) v Astro Nusantara International BV and others
and another appeal [2014] 1 SLR 372 (“First Media”) at [156]). There, the
Court of Appeal was referring to Art 36(1)(a)(i) of the Model Law, which is a
ground for refusing enforcement of an arbitral award, but its holding applies
with equal force to a setting-aside application brought under Art 34(2)(a)(i)
given that both provisions are similarly worded. This was also the view
adopted by Prakash J in AQZ, where she followed First Media and accepted that
an applicant can seek to set aside an award under Art 34(2)(a)(i) on the basis
that no valid arbitration agreement had been formed (at [72]).

47 Jiangsu’s argument that there was no valid arbitration agreement because it
had not concluded the Spot or Term contracts with Concord therefore falls
within the rubric of Art 34(2)(a)(i).

Standard of review

48 It is uncontroversial that, in an application to set aside an arbitral
award on the ground that the tribunal had no jurisdiction to hear the dispute,
the court undertakes a de novo hearing of the arbitral tribunal’s decision on
its jurisdiction (AQZ at [49]). If the arbitration agreement is contained in
the contract itself, and the validity of the arbitration agreement is
challenged on the basis that no binding contract had been concluded, the
validity of the arbitration agreement and the existence of a binding contract
“stand or fall together” and the court can determine both issues on the basis
of a full rehearing (see Hyundai Merchant Marine Co. Ltd v Americas Bulk
Transport Ltd [2013] EWHC 470 (Comm) at [35]–[36]). In determining whether the
tribunal lacked jurisdiction, the tribunal’s own view of its jurisdiction has
no legal or evidential value to the court (First Media at [163]), though this
should not be taken to mean that “all that transpired before the [t]ribunal
should be disregarded, necessitating a full re-hearing of all the evidence”,
only that there is no fetter on the court’s fact-finding abilities (AQZ at
[57]).

49 Jiangsu sought to adduce evidence to rebut the tribunal’s finding that the
Spot and Term contracts had been validly concluded. As will be referred to
later, this included Jiangsu’s internal regulations that contracts for
multiple shipments needed board approval, which would allegedly go towards
demonstrating that Jiangsu could not have entered into such a contract with
Concord for six shipments. Having elected not to participate in the
arbitration proceedings despite numerous reminders, should Jiangsu be
precluded from putting forth such evidence which could and should have been
brought before the tribunal? Counsel for Concord, Mr Jeya Putra, did not
object to the admissibility of Jiangsu’s fresh evidence though he reserved his
position as regards both weight and relevance. But I raised this question to
both counsel at the start of the hearing because I thought this issue merited
closer examination.

50 Whether there is any bar to adducing new evidence before a court tasked
with reviewing an arbitral tribunal’s finding on jurisdiction is a question
which has met with somewhat differing views in recent cases. In Singapore, two
decisions of the High Court appear to have taken different positions. In
Government of the Lao People’s Democratic Republic v Sanum Investments Ltd
[2015] 2 SLR 322 (“Sanum”), the court rejected the notion that a party has
full latitude to adduce new evidence. I should observe that Sanum involved a
challenge to an arbitral tribunal’s jurisdiction though not in the context of
a setting-aside application. The plaintiff referred the issue of the
tribunal’s jurisdiction to the High Court under s 10 of the IAA and sought a
declaration that the arbitral tribunal had no jurisdiction to adjudicate on
the claims brought by the defendant. In support of this, it applied to adduce
two diplomatic letters which had not been adduced before the tribunal. The
defendant objected to their admission on the basis that they had not satisfied
the conditions of admissibility in Ladd v Marshall [1954] 1 WLR 1489. Edmund
Leow JC noted that although the Ladd v Marshall principles did not strictly
apply, a party did not have “full unconditional power to adduce fresh evidence
at will” (at [43]–[44]). Applying a modified Ladd v Marshall test, he held
that fresh evidence would only be admitted if:

(a) the party seeking to admit the evidence demonstrated sufficiently strong
reasons why the evidence was not adduced at the arbitration hearing;

(b) the evidence if admitted would probably have an important influence on the
result of the case though it need not be decisive; and

(c) the evidence had to be apparently credible though it need not be
incontrovertible.

On the facts, all three conditions were satisfied.

51 On the other hand, Prakash J observed in AQZ that there was nothing in O
69A r 2(4A)(c) of the ROC to restrict parties from adducing new materials
which had not been placed before the arbitrator (at [59]). She held that O 69A
r 2(4A)(c) only required an applicant seeking to set aside an award to file an
affidavit setting out the supporting evidence. Delay in adducing fresh
evidence did not preclude its admissibility though it might affect the weight
to be given to it, in addition to adverse costs orders (see [59], referring to
Electrosteel Castings Ltd v Scan-Trans Shipping & Chartering Sdn Bhd [2003] 1
Lloyd’s Rep 190). However, her comments were strictly obiter because in that
case, there was in fact no attempt to rely on fresh evidence (at [60]).

52 The English decision in Central Trading & Exports Ltd v Fioralba Shipping
Company [2014] EWHC 2397 is also germane to this issue. It involved a
challenge to the jurisdiction of an arbitral tribunal under s 67 of the
Arbitration Act 1996 (c 23) (UK). Having reviewed a series of decisions, Males
J arrived at the conclusion that a court would not normally exclude relevant
and admissible evidence even if it might cause prejudice to the other party in
the context of a challenge to the arbitrator’s jurisdiction (at [29]). He
found that a party’s right to adduce evidence would be subject to the court’s
control via the rules of procedure, and that such control would have to be
exercised in accordance with established principles, “in particular the
overriding objective and the interests of justice” (at [30]). A court did not
have “unfettered discretion” to exclude relevant evidence, but might refuse to
allow a party to produce documents selectively where that would prejudice the
other party or if the evidence did not comply with the court’s rules for
ensuring that evidence is presented in a “fair manner” (at [32]). In this
regard, any failure by the parties to comply with the tribunal’s procedural
orders on disclosure of documents might be a relevant consideration (at [33]).
On the facts, Males J declined to allow the claimant to rely on evidence which
it had failed to produce in response to the tribunal’s disclosure orders (at
[41]). He also declined to allow evidence, such as hearsay evidence, which
would not have been admissible under the English Civil Procedure Rules 1998
(SI 1998 No 3132) (UK) (at [44]–[47]).

53 The cases above illustrate that in the context of a setting-aside
application, there appears to be no absolute rule to exclude the admission of
fresh evidence. The court has the discretion to rule on its admissibility or
attach the appropriate weight to such evidence, and/or to make an adverse
costs order against the applicant. However, it is important to bear in mind
that the jurisdictional challenges in those cases arose from contested
arbitration proceedings. Should the same principles apply in the context of an
uncontested arbitration in circumstances where the applicant who seeks to
adduce fresh evidence had deliberately elected not to participate in the
entire arbitral process? This is an interesting point. Since this point was
not actively argued by the parties and more importantly, since Mr Jeya Putra
did not object to the admissibility of the fresh evidence adduced by Jiangsu,
it is perhaps prudent to leave this point to be decided when the issue is
properly contested in a subsequent case. I should add that the appeal against
the decision in Sanum (which applied a modified Ladd v Marshall test) is
currently pending decision by the Court of Appeal. No doubt, this issue will
receive some explicit exposition when the decision is eventually handed down
by the Court of Appeal.

54 I will now address the merits of Jiangsu’s challenge proper.

Applicable law as regards the validity of the contracts

55 For the purposes of a challenge under Article 34(2)(a)(i) of the Model Law,
the validity of the arbitration agreement is to be determined by “the law to
which the parties have subjected it”, failing which it is to be determined by
“the law of this State”, ie, the law of Singapore (see s 3(2) IAA). The first
limb applies the parties’ choice of law. The second is a default rule
mandating the application of the law of the forum where the award is sought to
be set aside. It applies only “in cases where the parties have neither
expressly nor impliedly chosen the law governing the arbitration clause” (see
Gary B. Born, International Commercial Arbitration Vol III (Wolters Kluwer,
2nd Ed, 2014) (“Born, International Commercial Arbitration”) at 3201).

56 Neither Concord nor Jiangsu disputed that Singapore law is the applicable
law to determine the validity of the arbitration agreement. That having been
said, it may be useful to understand the proper basis for the application of
Singapore law in this case – whether by the parties’ choice of law or by
default.

57 Concord submitted that where parties are in dispute as to the existence (or
validity) of a contract, the dispute is to be construed in accordance with the
law of the putative contract – the law of the contract as if it were valid. 72

##### Foot Note 72

×

Concord’s submissions at paras 53–54

Concord relied on the Court of Appeal’s holding in CIMB Bank Bhd v Dresdner
Kleinwort [2008] 4 SLR(R) 543 at [30]:

In our opinion, a distinction ought to be drawn between a case where the
parties are agreed that there is no agreement at all, and a case where the
parties are in dispute as to the existence or validity of the agreement (eg,
due to fraud or misrepresentation). It is settled principle that, in the
latter situation, the dispute as to the existence or the validity of the
contract would be construed in accordance with the law that governs that
contract as if the contract were valid … Such a rule makes good practical
sense because otherwise it would mean that a mere allegation on the part of
the defendant that there was fraud would suffice to neutralise the effect of
the jurisdiction or choice of law clause in the agreement.

58 It has been observed that “a choice-of-law agreement is effective to select
the law governing the arbitration agreement under [Article] 34(2)(a)(i) … even
if the validity or existence of any agreement between the parties is denied”
(Born, International Commercial Arbitration at 3200). An arbitration agreement
is typically separable from the main contract – it is an agreement
“independent of the other terms in the contract” (Article 16(1) of the Model
Law). Ordinarily, therefore, if the main contract is invalidated by some
vitiating factor, the arbitration agreement (and in this case the choice of
law clause) is not invalid unless the vitiating factors directly impeach on
the validity of the arbitration agreement.

59 Here, I would observe that Jiangsu and Concord never disputed the existence
of Clause 19. It encompasses both the choice of Singapore law and the
arbitration agreement. This clause was the very same clause which featured in
the 6 June contract as well as the Spot and Term contracts. In substance,
Jiangsu was denying any agreement to accept the six shipments of petroleum
coke; it was not denying any intention to be bound by Clause 19.
Significantly, when Jiangsu accepted the September shipment, it was content to
use the Spot contract which likewise contained Clause 19. It is clear that the
validity of the arbitration agreement is to be determined by Jiangsu and
Concord’s choice of Singapore law.

60 I turn therefore to examine whether the arbitration agreements were valid
under Singapore law.

Contractual validity under the applicable law

61 I understood Jiangsu to be challenging the existence of the Spot and Term
contracts on two discrete grounds:

(a) First, Jiangsu did not reach any oral agreement with Concord for the
purchase of the six shipments as evidenced by the Spot and Term contracts.

(b) Second, and in any event, there could not have been any oral agreement for
the six shipments as this was contrary to Jiangsu’s internal rules and
regulations, which Concord was aware of.

62 I will address the arguments in reverse order since, when asked what her
strongest argument was, Ms See Tow submitted that it was the second.

Jiangsu’s internal regulations

63 There are two “internal rules and regulations” which Jiangsu relied on
(collectively “the internal regulations”).

The internal regulation requiring approval by senior management

64 Liu alleged in his affidavit filed on 24 March 2016 that under Jiangsu’s
Regulations on the Execution of Business Contracts (“the approval
regulations”), 73

##### Foot Note 73

×

LL 730(2) at pp 29–32

he was required to report to and obtain the approval of the General Manager,
Mr Zhang Xuexiang, before making major decisions such as entering into
contracts on behalf of Jiangsu. 74

##### Foot Note 74

×

LL 730(2) at para 11

In particular, he would be required to submit every proposed deal or contract,
along with a cost and profit estimate, to a review committee. 75

##### Foot Note 75

×

LL 730(2) at para 13

The composition of the review committee would depend on the value of the
proposed contract. 76

##### Foot Note 76

×

LL 730(2) at para 19

65 On the face of the approval regulations, it seems plausible that Liu would
not be authorised to conclude any contract on behalf of Jiangsu until he had
obtained the requisite approval from senior management. First, the preamble of
the approval regulations stated that “[a]ll relevant external business
contracts of the company must undergo the formalities of review, examination &
approval and signing according to the limit of authorization”. 77

##### Foot Note 77

×

LL 730(2) at p 29

Second, Jiangsu had purchased petroleum coke from Concord on three occasions
in 2012, and each time, there would be a form titled “Budget Sheet for Foreign
Trade” containing the breakdown of costs and signed by Liu and the relevant
department managers including the General Manager, Zhang Xuexiang. 78

##### Foot Note 78

×

LL 730(2) at pp 60, 67 and 81

This same form was also used for the September and November shipments in 2013
which Jiangsu accepted. 79

##### Foot Note 79

×

LL 730(2) at pp 81 and 88

This point, in itself, does not assist Jiangsu’s case. It deals, at best, with
the internal procedure for Liu to obtain authority. It does not follow that
such authority was not obtained. For reasons as explained at [69]–[73] below,
the evidence suggests that Liu had the authority to conclude the contracts on
behalf of Jiangsu.

The internal regulation against entering into contracts for multiple shipments

66 Jiangsu submitted that it could not have agreed to a single contract with
Concord for the six shipments because it was against their “internal rules and
regulations to have a single contract governing multiple shipments” (“the
single-shipment regulation”). 80

##### Foot Note 80

×

Jiangsu’s submissions at para 51

I note that this alleged regulation is not supported by any documentary
evidence. Rather, Jiangsu merely asserted that it had been their “practice” to
have separate contracts to govern each shipment of goods. In this regard,
Jiangsu relied on the fact that for the 2012 shipments, a separate contract
was concluded for each shipment. 81

##### Foot Note 81

×

LL 730(2) at paras 15–16

The relevance of the internal regulations

67 Jiangsu purported to rely on these two internal regulations to show that
Jiangsu could not have had the intention to enter into the Spot and Term
contracts with Concord. This is because both contracts had their genesis in an
agreement for six shipments, which was contrary to the single-shipment
regulation. Further, Liu would have exceeded his authority in entering into
the Spot and Term contracts, either because he did not obtain the requisite
approval forms, or because his mandate was limited to entering into a contract
for a single shipment at a time. These arguments in essence suggest that
Jiangsu was under some “incapacity” at the time the contracts (and therefore
the arbitration agreement) were entered into. Ms See Tow did not specifically
pursue the “incapacity” argument during the hearing to set aside the Awards.

68 In any event, the argument, regardless of which form it takes, is premised
on Concord being aware of the internal regulations. 82

##### Foot Note 82

×

Jiangsu’s submissions at para 51

Unless Concord was aware of them, the internal regulations would operate as no
more than the subjective reservations of Jiangsu as to whether it could have
intended to conclude the contracts with Concord. Such subjective reservations
cannot deny the existence of a contract if, to all outward appearances, the
parties have concluded the contracts (see [76] below). Furthermore, under
Singapore law, even if Liu had acted outside his scope of authority, Jiangsu
would still be bound by the contracts unless Concord had notice of Liu’s lack
of authority (see Banque Bruxelles Lambert and others v Puvaria Packaging
Industries (Pte) Ltd (in liquidation) [1994] 1 SLR(R) 736 at [21]–[22] and
Hans Tjio, Pearlie Koh & Lee Pey Woan, Corporate Law (Academy Publishing,
2015) at para 7-086). Therefore, the internal regulations would only assume
relevance if Concord was cognisant of them.

Concord was not aware of the internal regulations

69 In my view, Jiangsu is incorrect in alleging that Concord was aware of the
internal regulations. First, there is simply no mention of the internal
regulations in the correspondence between Jiangsu and Concord from May 2013 to
November 2013. Nor is there any evidence that Herlene, who also negotiated the
2012 contracts, was aware of the approval forms at that time, which might make
her failure to request such approval for the 2013 contracts questionable.
There is also neither any factual nor legal basis for Jiangsu to suggest that
because a separate contract was entered into for each of the 2012 shipments,
it must follow that Jiangsu is somehow precluded by the internal regulations
from entering into a contract for multiple shipments. As explained in [72]
below, the evidence is to the contrary. Interestingly, the very first
correspondence for this transaction began with an inquiry from Jiangsu for six
shipments. Consistent with the initial inquiry, the subsequent correspondence
between the parties in the period May–November 2013 also proceeded on the
basis that Liu had the authority to contract for six shipments on behalf of
Jiangsu. He was after all an Assistant General Manager of Jiangsu.

70 Jiangsu sought to rely on Herlene’s witness statement in the arbitration in
aid of its submission. Herlene recounted that, on or around 17 July 2013 when
Concord had not yet received Jiangsu’s LC for the Spot contract, Liu informed
her that Jiangsu’s management could not “approve a letter of credit with a
US$5 million limit without an onbuyer in place.” 83

##### Foot Note 83

×

LL 730(1) at p 221; HK 730(1) at p 41

I fail to see how this could possibly assist Jiangsu to make good its case
that Concord was aware of the internal regulations at the time when the
contracts were entered into. First, this information was only mentioned to
Herlene on 17 July 2013 after Concord had sent Jiangsu the Spot and Term
contracts. Second, it purported to explain Liu’s difficulty in obtaining
approval for the LC. This is in fact consistent with the conclusion of the
Spot and Term contracts. Why would Liu be seeking approval for the LC if there
were no concluded contracts?

71 It did not escape my attention that Jiangsu conspicuously omitted to
mention the internal regulations at the meeting of 18 July 2013 or 8 August
2013. If the internal regulations precluded such transactions or if Liu had
failed to comply with the internal regulations or had no such authority, the
meetings would have been the perfect setting to raise them particularly at the
18 July 2013 meeting which was attended by both the President and General
Manger of Jiangsu.

72 Even if there was any restriction on the part of Liu to enter into the
contracts for multiple shipments, it should not be assumed that Liu did not
have the requisite authority to do so. In fact, the evidence before me
suggests otherwise. Right from the outset of the negotiations on 23 May 2013
(see [5] above), multiple shipments were expressly contemplated in the email
which emanated from Jiangsu’s broker. Further, throughout the entire
negotiation process, multiple shipments were repeatedly mentioned and yet at
no time did Liu hint that multiple shipments in a single contract were not
permitted or that he had no such authority under Jiangsu’s internal
regulations.

73 Finally, at the meetings at Jiangsu’s office on 18 July and 8 August 2013,
Jiangsu expressly acknowledged that it had contracted for six shipments in a
single contract but requested the contract to be split into the Spot and Term
contracts (see [88]–[89] below). These admissions by Jiangsu at the two
meetings effectively demolished the allegation that Liu had no authority or
that multiple shipments in a single contract were not permitted under the
internal regulations. There is simply no merit or legal content whatsoever in
Jiangsu’s ill-conceived reliance on the internal regulations.

Whether the parties concluded the Spot and Term contracts

74 It may be useful to set out again Concord’s case on the two concluded
contracts. Concord claimed that it had entered into an oral agreement on or
about 30 May 2013 with Jiangsu for the sale and purchase of six shipments each
of 20,000 metric tons of petroleum coke for shipment from Dumai, Indonesia to
various ports in China. Initially, the transaction was to be split into two
contracts, with three shipments of 20,000 metric tons each. This structure
changed on or about 6 June 2013 into the 6 June contract for all six
shipments. Finally, on or about 15 July 2013, at the request of Jiangsu, the
structure underwent a further change, ie, the six shipments were split between
the Spot contract and the Term contract. The Spot and Term contracts were
reduced to writing and sent to Jiangsu for signature by an email dated 15 July
2013. It is common ground that Jiangsu did not sign either the Spot or Term
contracts.

Legal principles

75 Under Singapore law, an objective test is to be applied in deciding whether
the parties have reached an agreement. In applying this objective test, the
language used by one party, whatever his real intention may be, is to be
construed in the sense in which it would be reasonably understood by the other
(see Tribune Investment Trust Inc v Soosan Trading Co Ltd [2000] 2 SLR(R) 407
at [40]).

76 The objective intention of the parties can be gleaned from their
correspondence and relevant background, which includes the industry the
parties are in, the character of the document containing the terms, and the
course of dealing between the parties (see R1 International Pte Ltd v
Lonstroff AG [2015] 1 SLR 521 (“R1 International”) at [51]). It follows that
the subjective reservations of one party as to whether it is contractually
bound cannot prevent the formation of a contract if, to outward appearances,
parties have reached an agreement (see Aircharter World Pte Ltd v Kontena
Nasional Bhd [1999] 2 SLR(R) 440 at [30] and Lim Koon Park and another v Yap
Jin Meng Bryan and another [2013] 4 SLR 150 (“Lim Koon Park”) at [66]).

77 If parties are involved in continuing negotiations, it may be less useful
to analyse the existence of the agreement in terms of whether an offer was
made and accepted. It may be more appropriate to examine the whole of the
documentary evidence and decide whether the parties did reach an agreement on
all material terms (see Projection Pte Ltd v The Tai Ping Insurance Co Ltd
[2001] 1 SLR(R) 798 at [16], following Port Sudan Cotton Co v Govindaswamy
Chettiar & Sons [1977] 2 Lloyd’s Rep 5 at 10). If one approaches the issue of
contract formation in this holistic manner then it follows, as the Court of
Appeal has held, that lack of clarity on the exact circumstances surrounding
the conclusion of the contract would not be an impediment to discerning that
one was in fact concluded in the course of the parties’ continuing
negotiations (Lim Koon Park at [75]).

78 Another important principle is that as long as there is “a set of essential
terms which the parties may be bound by as a matter of law and on the basis of
which they may act”, a contract may be formed even if parties are still
negotiating some of the terms in the contract (R1 International at [52]). The
crucial question is whether the parties, by their words and conduct
objectively ascertained, have demonstrated that they intend to be bound
despite the unsettled terms (see Rudhra Minerals Pte Ltd v MRI Trading Pte Ltd
(formerly known as CWT Integrated Services Pte Ltd) [2013] 4 SLR 1023 at
[27]).

That Jiangsu did not sign the Spot and Term contracts does not prevent their
formation

79 I should first dispose of Jiangsu’s initial defence to the claim, ie, that
Jiangsu did not formally indicate its assent by signing the Spot and Term
contacts. The non-signing of the contracts cannot in itself be a bar to the
formation of contract, for “the sterile formality of a signature is not always
necessary in law to breathe life into contractual undertakings” (see Midlink
Development Pte Ltd v The Stansfield Group Pte Ltd [2004] 4 SLR(R) 258 at
[55]). In R1 International, the Court of Appeal found that the fact that a
party did not counter-sign and return the contract note did not mean that the
unsigned contract note was not contractually binding (at [76]). Jiangsu’s
allegation that it would not consider itself bound until its company seal had
been applied fails for the same reason. Here, Jiangsu had refused to sign the
Spot and Term contracts because it had not received any confirmed purchase
orders from its own customers. 84

##### Foot Note 84

×

LL 730(2) at para 35(d)

That is strictly a point between Jiangsu and its customers and has no bearing
on the contractual relationship between Jiangsu and Concord. Jiangsu cannot
have it both ways. If it shows objectively by its conduct vis-a-vis Concord
that it was intending to perform the contracts, it cannot then rely on the
unsigned contracts to evade the consequences of the contracts when it suits
them. This brings me to the question of whether the conduct of the parties,
objectively construed, showed that they had concluded a contract for six
shipments at least by 6 June 2013.

Jiangsu and Concord concluded the 6 June contract

80 The negotiations began with an email inquiry dated 23 May 2013 from
Jiangsu’s broker, notably for six shipments of 20,000 metric tons of petroleum
coke each. On 31 May 2013, Concord replied to Jiangsu’s broker to confirm a
concluded deal for three shipments and attached the contract for the three
shipments for Jiangsu’s signature. It added that a contract for the balance
three shipments would be sent once the details were finalised. There was no
denial by Jiangsu that a contract for the three shipments had been concluded.

81 Concord’s position, both before the tribunal 85

##### Foot Note 85

×

Concord’s Submissions at para 83

and before me, was that an oral agreement for six shipments was concluded on
30 May 2013. But in Herlene’s internal email of the same date, she noted that
while Jiangsu “wanted to take 6 cargoes”, Concord could not “relax until the
final confirmation”. 86

##### Foot Note 86

×

HK 730(1) at p 50

Jiangsu had accepted three shipments but there was a possibility that it might
not agree to the remaining three shipments (see [6] above). Hence, there may
well have been a concluded oral agreement on 30 May 2013 for three shipments
but perhaps not for six shipments.

82 The correspondence between the parties did not end with Concord’s email of
31 May 2013. A revised contract for six shipments was sent to Jiangsu’s broker
on 6 June 2013, ie, the 6 June contract, for Jiangsu’s signature. The preamble
to this contract clearly stated that Concord had “concluded the deal” with
Jiangsu on 30 May 2013 and 6 June 2013. Further, and consistently with this,
in Herlene’s internal update, she reported that Jiangsu had “confirmed the 6
cargoes” (see [7] above). Jiangsu said it would reply on 13 June 2013. At this
point there is a gap in the email chain. Although it may not be possible to
point to a precise moment when Jiangsu indicated its assent to the 6 June
contract, its conduct after that date is entirely consistent with the
inference that it had indeed given its assent.

Jiangsu’s conduct after 6 June 2013 is consistent with the 6 June contract

83 The following instances of Jiangsu’s conduct are consistent with the
conclusion of the 6 June contract (see [8]–[9] above)

(a) On 17 June 2013, Jiangsu’s broker sent an email to advise Concord on the
laycan dates for the first two shipments.

(b) On 21 June 2013, Jiangsu informed Concord of the delivery date for the
second shipment. In its email, Jiangsu invited Concord to confirm this. This
showed that Jiangsu was intending to perform the second shipment.

(c) On 2 July 2013, Concord proposed the delivery dates for all six shipments,
noting that the dates for the first two shipments had been agreed upon.
Concord proposed the delivery dates for all six shipments following the 6 June
contract.

(d) On 4 July 2013, Jiangsu accepted Concord’s nomination of the Ken Zui for
the first shipment.

(e) On 5 July 2013, Liu forwarded the first draft LC. There would be no reason
to do so if Jiangsu was not intending to accept the first shipment pursuant to
the 6 June contract.

84 Although the laycan dates and discharge ports for the 3rd to 6th shipments
had not been finalised, that was simply a matter for Jiangsu’s nomination and
could not in itself preclude the conclusion of the 6 June contract. Jiangsu’s
conduct signified its clear intention to be bound by the 6 June contract. A
reasonable person in Concord’s position would regard Jiangsu’s conduct as
indicating that it intended to be bound by the 6 June contract.

85 In my judgment, the intention on both sides to be bound by the 6 June
contract was still present when, on 15 July 2013, Concord sent the Spot and
Term contracts for Jiangsu’s signature. Jiangsu had requested that the first
shipment be governed by a single contract and the remaining five be governed
by another contract. Concord acceded to Jiangsu’s request. The Spot and Term
contracts superseded the 6 June contract and became the final landing point of
the contractual arrangement for the six shipments. It bears mention that the
Spot and Term contracts were the contracts which formed the subject matter of
the arbitrations. However, as noted above at [10], the essential terms such as
the quantity of each shipment, the quality of the petroleum coke, and the
price had already been agreed, and remained the same throughout.
Significantly, an amended LC was resent on 15 July 2013. As noted at [11]
above, the contract reference number for the LC was in fact the Spot contract
reference number: 1306/PDT/TERM/T144771. This supports Concord’s case that the
6 June contract was split into the Spot and Term contracts on 15 July 2013 at
the request of Jiangsu to facilitate the issuance of the LC.

The two meetings between Jiangsu and Concord confirm the existence of the oral
agreement

86 As alluded to at [12] and [17] above, two meetings were held in Jiangsu’s
office to discuss the status of the six shipments. It is of note that the
meeting on 18 July 2013 was preceded by (a) a letter dated 17 July 2013 from
Concord that Jiangsu was in breach of the Spot contract; and (b) an email
dated 18 July 2013 from Concord to Jiangsu setting out the agenda for the
meeting which included Jiangsu’s “clear position for the first shipment”,
Jiangsu’s “steps to prepare the letter of credit” and Jiangsu’s advice as
regards the “balance 4 cargoes”. 87

##### Foot Note 87

×

LL 730(1) at p 188, HK 730(1) at p 114

87 The salient points which were discussed at the 18 July 2013 meeting have
been summarised at [12] above. Jiangsu expressly acknowledged that it had
“contracted [for] 6 cargoes in total” with Concord. It is indeed very telling
that Jiangsu proposed to bear US$10 per metric ton as compensation to Concord.
Given the volume of the contracted cargo, this would effectively translate
into a proposal by Jiangsu to bear US$800,000 to US$1,200,000 of the losses.
88

##### Foot Note 88

×

Concord’s submissions at para 131

At the very least, even if the proposed compensation was only for the Spot
contract, it would still be a substantial sum of US$200,000. There is no
reason why Jiangsu would propose this generous compensation unless it accepted
that it was bound by, and liable under, the Spot and/or the Term contracts.
Liu’s explanation was that although Jiangsu was not contractually bound to
accept the first shipment, it offered to bear the loss to “maintain the
cordial business relationship” between the parties. 89

##### Foot Note 89

×

LL 730(2) at para 35(e)

Such an offer strikes me as highly improbable in the commercial context
between the parties.

88 At the meeting on 8 August 2013, Jiangsu admitted that it was liable to
Concord under the Spot contract, and was taking steps to perform the Term
contract (see [17] above). Further, consistent with the 18 July 2013 meeting,
at the 8 August meeting, Jiangsu again acknowledged its difficulty to pay
Concord’s claim for the Spot contract “at one go” and instead proposed
compensation “via subsequent cargoes loading August to December” under the
Term contract. It also proposed to Concord to “vary the premium for the
cargoes loading in different months to reflect prevailing market conditions”,
instead of having the same premium “apply for all 5 cargoes”. The purpose of
this proposal was to average the premium to “+ 120”, which can only be a
reference to the contract price (PACE + US$120) under the Term contract. To my
mind, Jiangsu was attempting to ensure that the contract price for each of the
five remaining shipments would approximate the contract price under the Term
contract because it acknowledged its obligation to perform all five shipments
under the Term contract. Jiangsu was trying to vary the terms of the Term
contract. Crucially, Jiangsu informed Concord that the proposal to “vary” the
premium came from its end customer, “Surun”. This indicated that Jiangsu was
trying to vary the terms of the contracts with Concord in order to comply with
the requests from its own end customer.

89 The two meetings plainly showed that Jiangsu accepted that it was
contractually bound to take delivery of the six shipments, as much as it tried
to persuade Concord to release it from four of the shipments under the Term
contract by offering some compensation. Liu claimed that, at the two meetings,
he denied that Jiangsu had agreed to the six shipments. 90

##### Foot Note 90

×

LL 730(2) at para 35(b)

But both Liu and Zhang Xuexiang signed the minutes of the 18 July meeting.
Notably, no denial of the Spot and Term contracts was recorded. In fact, it
was the very opposite – the minutes recapped how Jiangsu had contracted for
six shipments in a single contract at first but requested the contract to be
split into the Spot and Term contracts (see [12] above). Moreover, it was Liu
himself who sent the notes of the 8 August meeting to Herlene and Gary. It is
certainly not open to Jiangsu to disclaim its own recording of the discussion
at the 8 August meeting.

Jiangsu accepted the September and November shipments pursuant to the Term
contract

90 There is no dispute that Jiangsu accepted and paid Concord for two
shipments of petroleum coke each of 20,000 metric tons in September and
November 2013. Undoubtedly, these shipments would have been made in
performance of some contracts. According to Concord, these two shipments were
part of the Term contract while Jiangsu claimed that they were shipped
pursuant to two separate contracts independent of the Term contract. These are
the two competing case theories for the acceptance of the two shipments. It
must follow that if Jiangsu is unable to prove that there were two other
contracts which were distinct from the Term contract, it stands to reason that
the two shipments must have been performed pursuant to the Term contract which
would in turn render it clear beyond peradventure that the Term contract was
concluded between the parties.

91 When Jiangsu wrote to the tribunal on 29 October 2014 to challenge the
jurisdiction of the tribunal, it claimed that the contracts for the September
and November shipments were the only two contracts which it had entered into
with Concord. Although the contract reference numbers were provided to the
tribunal, these two alleged contracts were not attached to the letter.
Implicit in its letter to the tribunal is that it denied entering into the
Spot and Term contracts with Concord. Liu, in his affidavit filed on 12 August
2015, claimed to have faxed the contract for the September shipment to Concord
on 29 August 2013. 91

##### Foot Note 91

×

LL 730(1) at para 50

He also alleged that the contract for the November shipment was also sent to
Concord, without specifying any date. 92

##### Foot Note 92

×

LL 730(1) at para 56

Concord denied ever receiving these two alleged contracts. When pressed at the
hearing whether Jiangsu was able to produce the fax transmission reports or
any other evidence to support Liu’s allegation, Ms See Tow conceded that none
could be produced. It is curious for Jiangsu to accuse Concord of deliberately
withholding the disclosure of these two alleged contracts to mislead the
tribunal, when it omitted to disclose them in its own letter to the tribunal
to challenge its jurisdiction. I find this allegation all the more egregious
since there is no evidence that they were ever sent to Concord in the first
place. Accordingly, I reject Liu’s evidence that he had faxed over the alleged
contracts for the September and November 2013 shipments to Concord.

92 It would appear (from [22]–[23] above) that Liu had unilaterally adopted
the Spot contract previously sent on 15 July 2013 in order to obtain the LC
for the September shipment. As for the November shipment, Jiangsu used the
contract dated 10 October 2013 which Concord had sent for Jiangsu’s use in
obtaining an LC (see [25] above). Both contracts were solely for the purpose
of procuring the issuance of LCs. Jiangsu has exhibited the contracts for the
September and November shipments which it claims to have signed and sent to
Concord. The September contract is dated 15 July 2013 while the November
contract is dated 10 October 2013. These are identical to the contracts it had
used to obtain the LCs, save that both contain Jiangsu’s company’s seal and
that the 15 July 2013 contract is signed. It seems therefore that Jiangsu
signed and applied its seal to these contracts, which it had received for the
purpose of opening the LCs, before supposedly sending them to Concord.
However, I have found that they were in fact never sent to Concord. In my
view, the September and November shipments were accepted pursuant to Jiangsu’s
obligations under the Term contract. Even if I am wrong in treating these two
shipments as shipments under the Term contract, it does not follow that the
shipments were made pursuant to the two separate contracts as alleged by
Jiangsu since these two contracts were never sent to Concord. At best, they
would be of neutral probative value in deciding between the two competing case
theories.

Conclusion

93 I find that the Spot and Term contracts were validly concluded between
Jiangsu and Concord. Consequently, the arbitration agreements (Clause 19) in
both contracts were valid and the tribunal had jurisdiction to hear the
disputes in respect of Jiangsu’s breaches of the Spot and Term contracts.

94 I therefore dismiss the applications in OS 730 and OS 731 with costs. As
both applications cover the same facts and legal issues, I fix the costs for
each application at $10,000 plus reasonable disbursements to be agreed if not
taxed.

Steven Chong  
Judge

See Tow Soo Ling and Chia Shengyou, Edwin (Colin Ng & Partners) for the
plaintiff;  
Pancharatnam Jeya Putra and Thuolase d/o Vengadashalapathy (AsiaLegal LLC) for
the defendant.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:39 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

