Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the republic of singapore

[2016] SGHC 129

Suit No 122 of 2014

Between

Sun Delong

… Plaintiff

And

(1) Teo Poh Soon

(2) Simple Craft Interior Trading

… Defendants

judgment

[Damages] — [Assessment] — [Personal injuries]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Sun Delong

  
v

  

Teo Poh Soon and another

[2016] SGHC 129

High Court — Suit No 112 of 2016  
Choo Han Teck J  
3–4 September 2015; 28–29 January, 2–3 February, 25 April 2016

7 July 2016 Judgment reserved.

Choo Han Teck J:

1 On 5 December 2012, the plaintiff, Sun Delong (“Sun”), was knocked down by a
lorry when he was cycling across Woodlands Avenue 10. He suffered multiple
injuries to his head, abdomen, lungs, pelvis and shoulders. A Chinese
national, Sun was then 26 years old and working on a work permit in Singapore
as a storekeeper and delivery driver at Choo Chiang Marketing Pte Ltd (“CCM”).
The lorry driver, Teo Poh Soon (“the 1st defendant”), was driving the lorry in
the course of his employment with Simple Craft Interior Trading (the 2nd
defendant).

2 Interlocutory judgment was entered for Sun on 10 November 2014, with
liability at 50 per cent against the 1st and/or 2nd defendants jointly and
severally. In the present proceedings, the issue before me is to determine the
quantum of damages due to Sun. Sun has returned to China since February 2014
and is helping his family to run a provision shop there. He is now 29 years
old.

3 Sun’s claim for general damages for pain and suffering covers head injuries,
pelvic / lower limb and shoulder injuries, abdominal injuries, lung injuries,
and lacerations and abrasions. His claim for special damages comprises
hospital / medical expenses, nursing home charges, transport expenses, cost of
caregiver (father’s travel expenses), loss of belongings, and pre-trial loss
of earnings. He also claims future loss in costs of future medication and
treatment, future transport expenses, and loss of earning capacity / loss of
future earnings.

General Damages

Head injuries

4 It is not disputed that Sun suffered the following head injuries as a result
of the accident:

(a) A linear fracture extending from the squamous portion of the right
temporal bone and right parietal bone;

(b) A subdural haematoma in the right fronto-parietal region, extending to the
right temporal region;

(c) A subarachnoid haemorrhage in the underlying fronto-parieto-temporal
sulci; and

(d) Multiple right temporo-parietal cortical haemorrhagic contusions.

The parties also agree that because of the head injuries, Sun had to undergo a
decompressive craniectomy and an evacuation of a blood clot on 5 December 2012
(ie on the same day of accident). The decompressive craniectomy caused a large
defect on Sun’s right skull and he underwent an elective cranioplasty
operation to repair the defect on 30 May 2013.

5 Sun also claims that after the accident, he has been suffering from frequent
headaches, giddiness, vertigo, difficulty in sleeping, and irritability.
Further, his cognitive abilities have been affected, and he suffers from poor
memory, decreased attention span, and lowered visiospatial/constructional
ability. He also says that the accident caused him psychological trauma, such
that he is now easily startled or frightened, fearful of riding a bicycle, and
suffers from anxiety when crossing a road. In addition, he says that he has an
increased risk of developing epilepsy and dementia due to the accident. The
1st and 2nd defendants (collectively “the Defendants”) dispute these claims.

6 Sun’s expert witness, Dr Chan Keen Loong (PW7) (“Dr Chan”), a senior
consultant psychiatrist at Khoo Teck Puat Hospital, produced three medical
reports dated 17 December 2013, 26 March 2014 and 11 November 2015, and also
testified at trial. In his opinion, Sun suffered severe traumatic brain injury
(TBI) as a result of the accident, and his symptoms of frequent headaches,
sleep difficulty, giddiness/vertigo, poor attention and irritability are known
long-term complications of TBI that may persist for years after the injury
with no definitive treatment or cure. Dr Chan also finds that although Sun’s
cognitive ability prior to the accident was in the “low average range”, this
has deteriorated to the “extremely low range” after the accident. His reports
further state that Sun’s “attention is reduced and this may impact on jobs
that may require him to have sustained mental focus”, and that “his
visuospatial/constructional ability is affected and this may impact on his
ability to work at jobs that require him to read plans, construct models or
navigate by map”. He finds that Sun’s symptoms of being easily startled or
frightened and being anxious while crossing the road do not cause significant
impairment and should improve with time, although he may require psychological
therapy to overcome his fear of riding a bicycle. Dr Chan is also of the view
that Sun has a long term risk of developing epilepsy and dementia as a result
of his TBI. Occupational therapist Dr Chan Mei Leng (PW4) says that Sun’s
bouts of giddiness and blurred vision make him functionally unfit to drive or
ride any motor vehicle, while Heidi Tan (PW5), who is also an occupational
therapist, recommends that Sun should limit himself to work that has a light
physical demand as his symptoms of frequent headaches and dizziness render him
unsuitable for his previous job as a delivery driver. Physiotherapist Cindy
Tan (PW6) made similar recommendations that Sun should not resume driving and
should avoid lifting heavy loads that weigh more than 4.5kg, in view of Sun’s
complaints of giddiness and blurred vision.

7 The Defendants’ expert witness, Dr Chong Piang Ngok (DW1) (“Dr Chong”), a
neurologist in private practice, agrees with Dr Chan that the Plaintiff
suffered TBI as a result of the accident. He also agrees that Sun’s complaints
of giddiness, headaches, lack of concentration and unsteadiness are all common
conditions of a person suffering from TBI. However, he carried out a clinical
examination of Sun and found no physical evidence of neurological deficits
that would relate to Sun’s complaints. This is consistent with the view of
Sun’s expert witness Dr Yang Weiren Eugene (PW3) (“Dr Yang”), who reported Sun
as being “alert with no neurological deficits”. Further, Dr Chong also found
that Sun is not suffering from any cranial nerve deficit; he says that cranial
nerve deficits are readily diagnosed as they have easily observable symptoms
(e.g. slurred speech and crossed eyes) but Sun showed no such symptoms when he
examined him. Sun did not complain of cognitive problems such as poor memory
and short attention span when Dr Chong saw him. Although he did complain of
persistent giddiness, Dr Chong found no evidence of unsteadiness when Sun got
up to stand and walk during the examination. Sun told Dr Chong that he had
daily headaches which felt like “electric” pain. Dr Chong likened this kind of
“electric” pain to pain that a patient experiences when a dentist hits a nerve
in a tooth; the patient will wince involuntarily. However, Sun neither
appeared to be in pain nor showed any discomfort throughout the examination
conducted by Dr Chong. As for the risk of Sun developing dementia and
epilepsy, Dr Chong says that although he could not rule out any possibility
that Sun may develop the conditions in future, the risks are low.

8 Having considered the testimonies of the expert witnesses, I accept that Sun
has suffered TBI as a result of the accident. I also accept that he may be
suffering from occasional headaches, sleep difficulty, giddiness/vertigo, and
some degree of poorer attention span and greater irritability since according
to the expert witnesses, these are known long-term complications of TBI.
However, the nature of such conditions is that they can be measured by few, if
any, objective tests, and so their diagnosis is much dependent on subjective
self-reporting by the patient. Sun had given inconsistent statements to the
doctors. For instance, when Sun saw Dr Yang on 11 July 2013, he only
complained of “occasional headaches”, “occasional giddiness” and “difficulty
in concentration”. When he saw Dr Chan on 11 November 2013, his complaints
became that of “frequent headaches” and “frequent dizziness”. Two years later,
when Dr Chan examined Sun again on 25 August and 10 September 2015, the
headaches and dizziness became “constant”, “persistent” and “daily”. At trial,
Sun told the court that he gets headaches two to three times a day and bouts
of giddiness every two to three hours both in the morning and in the afternoon
daily. Sun’s complaints to various doctors on different occasions go against
the evidence of his own expert witness, Dr Yang, who had earlier assessed that
his condition is likely to stabilise and unlikely to deteriorate. I also take
note of Dr Chong’s evidence that he did not observe any signs of pain and
discomfort from Sun during his clinical examination of him. I acknowledge that
Dr Chong had only observed Sun for about half an hour, and it may be that Sun
was coincidentally not experiencing discomfort during that period of time.
Nonetheless, the totality of the evidence leads me to find, on a balance of
probabilities, that Sun has exaggerated his symptoms. I therefore give less
weight to the evidence of occupational therapists Dr Chan Mei Leng and Heidi
Tan and physiotherapist Cindy Tan, as their assessment of Sun’s condition were
based mainly on Sun’s self-reported, subjective complaints.

9 I am not persuaded that Sun’s cognitive ability has deteriorated as a result
of the accident. Although Dr Chan wrote in his report of 11 November 2015 that
Sun’s cognitive ability deteriorated from being in the “low average range” to
the “extremely low range” after the accident, he observed, in the same report,
that Sun’s mood was “euthymic (normal)”, that he was “cooperative and polite”,
“relevant, lucid and orientated”, and that his speech was clear. The report
also stated that Sun was “able to comprehend questions asked of him with no
difficulty”, give “prompt and appropriate” responses, and “provide information
with an appropriate amount of detail”. Dr Chan further noted that Sun was able
to learn new skills, such as installing the sink at his home on his own. These
observations are, in my view, inconsistent with Dr Chan’s conclusion that
Sun’s cognitive ability was in the “extremely low range”. There are other
evidence that suggest that Sun’s cognitive ability has not been impacted by
the accident. It is not disputed that Sun is currently helping to run his
family’s provision shop in China. Private investigators engaged by the
Defendants observed that the signboard of that provision shop displayed two
mobile numbers, one of which was traced to Sun. This shows that Sun is one of
the contact persons for the business and likely helps to attend to telephone
enquiries in relation to the business. He admitted under cross-examination
that he has the mental ability to run his own business together with his
family.

10 As for Sun’s claim that the accident caused him psychological trauma, there
is no evidence to support his claim that he is now easily startled or
frightened, is fearful of riding a bicycle, gets fearful when he sees motor
vehicles, and suffers from anxiety when crossing a road. Photographs taken by
private investigators engaged by the Defendants show that Sun walked along
Orchard Road and crossed the road without any sign of anxiety. He was
accompanied by a female companion and smiled and engaged her in conversation
along the way. He was also photographed riding an electric motorbike in China.
Although the private investigator, Tian Guiyang (DW3), admitted under cross-
examination that the electric motorbike is not powered by petrol, has no
peddling function, and could only go up to speeds of 20–30km/h, the
photographs show that Sun was riding the electric motorbike when there were
other vehicles on the road. This is inconsistent with his claims that he gets
fearful when he sees motor vehicles. Some of the photographs show Sun cheerful
and smiling while he was sitting on his electric motorbike. Sun also said
under cross-examination that although he has not ridden a bicycle since the
accident and does not have a bicycle at home, he thinks that he can ride on
one if given the chance. He did not disclose the truth.

11 As for the risk of Sun developing dementia or epilepsy, I give greater
weight to the evidence of Dr Chong to that of Dr Chan. Dr Chong is a
neurologist while Dr Chan is a psychiatrist, and dementia and epilepsy are
subject matters that fall within the area of specialisation of the neurologist
more so than that of a psychiatrist. Dr Chong says that the risk of Sun
developing dementia or epilepsy is low, although he cannot rule out the
possibility completely. I think no doctor can ever rule out the possibility
that an individual may ever develop dementia or epilepsy some time in his
life. Dr Chong’s evidence is also consistent with Sun’s own expert witness Dr
Yang. Dr Yang is a neurosurgeon and stated in his report that since Sun has
not suffered any episode of seizure since his injury, it is unlikely that he
will develop post-traumatic seizures, although he also stated that it is
possible that a history of severe head injury such as that suffered by Sun
will predispose the individual to dementia later in life. On the whole, I find
that Sun fails to prove, on a balance of probabilities, that he has a higher
risk of developing dementia or epilepsy as a result of the accident.

12 I am of the view that S$45,000 is an appropriate award for Sun’s head
injuries. Counsel for Sun submits that the appropriate award should be
S$110,000 globally, with a breakdown of S$70,000 for physical injuries to the
head, S$10,000 for psychological injury and S$30,000 for cognitive impairment.
In support of the claim, he cites Teo Ai Ling v Koh Chai Kwang [2010] 2 SLR
1037 (“Teo Ai Ling”). I deny the claim for psychological injury and cognitive
impairment in view of my findings above that no such injury or impairment has
been proved in the present case. As for physical injuries to the head, I am of
the view that the plaintiff in Teo Ai Ling suffered more severe injuries than
Sun; she suffered a large extradural haematoma, scalp haematoma over the right
occipital region, extensive fractures of the skull, cerebral oedema, and
traumatic cranial nerve palsy which left her with left facial weakness. Her
award of S$70,000 also covered a craniectomy scar and other scars, whereas in
this case, Sun is claiming for scars that he had suffered as a result of the
accident under a separate head of damage. On the other hand, the Defendants’
counsel submits that only S$25,000 should be awarded for Sun’s head injuries,
as the injuries and consequent disabilities he suffered “mirror” that in Eng
Ah Wah v Cheng Kiem Sang [2003] SGDC 263 (“Eng Ah Wah”). I am not so persuaded
as the plaintiff in Eng Ah Wah only required conservative treatment for his
head injuries, while Sun had to undergo emergency operations immediately after
the accident. Ang Siam Hua v Teo Cheng Hoe [2004] SGHC 147 (“Ang Siam Hua”)
is, in my view a more appropriate reference. In that case, an amount of
S$50,000 was awarded for the plaintiff’s head injuries. However, unlike Sun,
the plaintiff in Ang Siam Hua suffered an episode of post-traumatic epilepsy
with a five to ten per cent chance of relapse. I take that, and the passage of
12 years from the decision in Ang Siam Hua, into account in finding that
S$45,000 is an appropriate award for Sun’s head injuries.

Pelvic / lower limb and shoulder injuries

13 The parties agree that as a result of the accident, Sun suffered a fracture
in his left hemipelvis, a fracture of the left superior and inferior pubic
rami, an undisplaced fracture of the left iliac bone, and an undisplaced
fracture of the acetabulam. He also suffered right clavicle shoulder pain
after the accident. The orthopaedic injuries were treated conservatively with
no surgical intervention.

14 Sun seeks to rely on the evidence of physiotherapist Cindy Tan (PW6) and
occupational therapist Heidi Tan (PW5), to justify his claim of S$20,000 for
his pelvic / lower limb injury and a further S$5,000 for his shoulder
injuries. In her report of 6 February 2014, PW6 noted that Sun was still
suffering from “right shoulder impingement, associated with weak upper limb
and poor grip strength”, and “left hip pain associated with left lower limb
weakness”. She assessed that with those conditions, Sun is only fit for
sedentary work and recommended that he should avoid driving or carrying loads
of more than 4.5kg. PW5 made the same recommendation that Sun should not lift
weights above 4.5kg in her report of 5 December 2012.

15 The Defendants’ expert witness, Dr Sarbjit Singh (DW2), an orthopaedic
surgeon in private practice, examined Sun on 19 August 2015 and found that the
comment made by PW5 that Sun was suffering from “pain in the left anterior hip
at the end range of flexion” cannot be supported by objective findings. He
said, under cross-examination, that it is highly unlikely for a person with
pain on flexion to be able to squat or sit cross-legged. Sun was able to walk,
kneel, squat and sit cross-legged normally when Dr Singh examined him and the
photographs are attached to Dr Singh’s report. Sun did not show any sign of
pain or discomfort. Dr Singh is thus of the view that Sun is “relatively
asymptomatic” and is fit for “normal work”, in so far as orthopaedic injury is
concerned.

16 I accept Dr Singh’s opinion to be consistent with that of orthopaedic
surgeon Dr Lim Swee Lian, who treated Sun following the accident. She saw Sun
on 7 November 2013 for the purpose of preparing a medical report in relation
to the trial. In her report dated 18 November 2013, Dr Lim stated that Sun
walked with normal gait, and was able to squat fully and run on the spot. She
said that his pelvic fractures have healed. She noted that Sun felt pain and
numbness in his left lower limb, but the pain was “slight”, experienced only
“occasionally” and likely to improve, although the mild weakness that Sun
experienced in his left lower limb was likely to be permanent. In a subsequent
report dated 29 October 2015, Dr Lim concluded that Sun has made “good
recovery” in his orthopaedic injuries with “almost full function in his right
shoulder and both lower limbs”. Sun also told her that he could walk without
pain for up to three kilometres, although he said that he was still unable to
carry heavy objects.

17 I prefer the evidence of Dr Singh and Dr Lim, over that of PW5 and PW6
which was based on subjective self-reporting by Sun. As in the case of the
head injuries, I am of the view that Sun has exaggerated his claim with
respect to his orthopaedic injuries. Sun claims, on the authority of Ravi Raj
v Wang Yuen Chow [1997] SGHC 294 (“Ravi Raj”) and Khek Ching Ching v SBS
Transit Ltd [2010] SGDC 220 (“Khek Ching Ching”), that he is entitled to an
award of S$20,000 for his pelvic / lower limb injuries and S$5,000 for his
shoulder injury respectively. But the plaintiff in Ravi Raj had suffered
fractures to his right hip that did not set properly after the accident. He
underwent surgery but even with that, he was left with a destroyed right hip,
would eventually require a total hip replacement, and could be plagued by hip
pain for the rest of his life. The injuries suffered by Sun are not as
serious, and he has made good recovery. Khek Ching Ching is also not a good
comparison for, unlike Sun, the plaintiff in that case not only suffered a
shoulder injury but also experienced tenderness on her chest, wrists, and
right ankle. I agree with the Defendants that an award of S$12,000 for Sun’s
pelvic / lower limb injuries, and S$1,500 for his shoulder injury, is
appropriate.

Abdominal injuries

18 The parties do not dispute Sun’s abdominal injuries, namely two lacerations
over the inferior pole of the spleen with active bleeding from the superior
branch of the splenic hilar vessels, liver, stomach and gallballer. This in
turn resulted in moderate haemoperitoneum, mainly in the Morrison’s pouch,
perisplenic space and left paracolic gutter. There were also multiple splenic
lacerations with active extravasation of contrast at the splenic hilum and
adjacent to the anterior pole of the spleen. For the abdominal injuries, Sun
underwent an exploratory laparotomy and a splenectomy. He is on life-long
penicillin therapy as a result of the splenectomy.

19 Counsel for Sun cites He Xu v Yap Tain Chor (DC Suit No 2050 of 2000) (“He
Xu”) and submits that an award of S$18,000 should be awarded for Sun’s
abdominal injuries. Counsel for the Defendants submits, on the authority of
cases such as Ang Siam Hua and Wu Liang Zhu v Chan Yue Ming [2002] SGHC 91,
that the appropriate award should be S$15,000 and in any event should not
exceed S$16,000. The plaintiff in He Xu suffered from transient
thrombocytopenia post-operatively, whereas there is no evidence of further
complaints by Sun in relation to his abdominal injuries after the surgeries.
In the circumstances, I am of the view that S$16,000 is an appropriate award
to Sun for his abdominal injuries.

Lung injuries

20 It is not disputed that as a result of the accident, Sun developed small
bilateral lower lung contusions and minimal pneumomediastinum. In her report
dated 6 February 2014, physiotherapist Cindy Tan (PW6) stated that Sun
“complained of anterior chest pain and shortness of breath prior to assessment
from walking less than 50m”, and that the chest pain was “aggravated during
the assessment” when Sun was asked to “lie down from sitting and vice versa”.
I give little weight to this evidence as it is based on subjective complaints
by Sun, who I find has a tendency to exaggerate his symptoms. He did not make
the same complaint to his doctors.

21 Counsel for Sun submits that a sum of S$8,000 ought to be awarded to Sun
for his lung injuries, as in the case of Thagavel Rajendran v Econ Piling Pte
Ltd (DC Suit No 51403 of 1998). However, the plaintiff in that case suffered
haemothorax that required intercostal drainage and also needed mechanical
ventilator support. There is no evidence that Sun’s lung injuries were of the
same severity. Counsel for the Defendants submits that S$3,000 is an
appropriate amount of compensation for Sun’s lung injuries; the plaintiff in
Tew Chee Yong v Yap Eng Kiat (DC Suit No 3977 of 1999) (“Tew Chee Yong”)
suffered from lung contusion with pneumothorax and was awarded this amount.
The plaintiff here was not diagnosed with pneumothorax but he was diagnosed
with pneumomediastinum. Counsel for the Defendants submits that
pneumomediastinum is a less serious condition that pneumothorax. I make no
such finding in the absence of expert medical opinion. But neither has Sun
produced any evidence for the contrary position that pneumomediastinum is a
more severe condition that pneumothorax. In the circumstances, and taking into
account the fact that the decision in Tew Chee Yong was made 17 years ago, I
am of the view that a sum of S$5,000 will be appropriate compensation for
Sun’s lung injuries.

Lacerations and abrasions

22 In the medical report of Dr Lim Swee Lian dated 18 November 2013, she noted
that there were three “1cm hyperpigmented scars” visible on Sun’s left knee.
Dr Sarbjit Singh noted, in his report of 19 August 2015, four “healed 1cm
linear abrasions” over the front of Sun’s left knee. Sun also has a visible
craniotomy scar. The parties agree that Sun also suffered multiple abrasions
on his chin, face and upper extremities, but there is no evidence that these
abrasions have left permanent visible scars.

23 Counsel for Sun submits that an appropriate award to the plaintiff for his
lacerations and scars, including his visible craniotomy scar, is S$10,000. He
cites Mohamed Azis bin Mohamed Zacharia @ Abdul Aza bin Zakaria v Athim bin
Dahri (DC Suit No. 6012 of 1998), where the plaintiff there was awarded, by
consent, S$10,000 for pain and suffering for his multiple skin abrasions over
his shoulders, hands and right forearm, and S$1,923.70 for his craniotomy scar
which was inconspicuous. In my view, the award of S$10,000 in that case for
the plaintiff’s multiple skin abrasions may be too high. I accept the
Defendants’ submission that a sum of S$3,000 is appropriate for abrasions
sustained by Sun. However, that amount does not take into account the
craniotomy scar that Sun also sustained. I therefore award a global sum of
S$6,000 for abrasions and scars (including the craniotomy scar) sustained by
Sun. His craniotomy scar is visible.

Special Damages

Hospital / medical expenses, and nursing home charges

24 Sun produced hospital bills and medical receipts totalling a sum of
S$62,763.77. After his discharge from Khoo Teck Puat Hospital on 21 December
2012, he was immediately transferred to a nursing home for step-down care and
he remained there for nearly eight months until 7 August 2013. He produced
bills from the nursing home totalling an amount of S$22,190.87. His hospital /
medical expenses and nursing home charges add up to S$84,954.64. Out of this
amount, his employer, CCM, paid S$84,204.16 (being the whole sum of the
nursing home charges as well as S$62,013.29 of the hospital / medical
expenses), while Sun paid the remainder.

25 The Defendants contend that Sun should not be allowed to claim from them
the amounts that were paid by CCM. Counsel for the Defendants submits that it
is CCM’s responsibility to pay the money under a statutory obligation imposed
on them by the Employment of Foreign Manpower Act (Work Passes) Regulations
2012 (Cap 91A S 569/2012) (“the Regulations”). Condition 1 of Part III of the
Fourth Schedule of the Regulations (“Condition 1”) states as follows:

Upkeep, maintenance and well-being

1\. The employer shall be responsible for and bear the costs of the foreign
employee’s upkeep (excluding the provision of food) and maintenance in
Singapore. This includes the provision of medical treatment, except that and
subject to paragraphs 1A and 1B, the foreign employee may be made to bear part
of any medical costs in excess of the minimum mandatory coverage if —

(a) the part of the medical costs to be paid by the foreign employee forms not
more than 10% of the employee’s fixed monthly salary per month;

(b) the period for which the foreign employee has to pay part of any medical
costs must not exceed an aggregate of 6 months of his period of employment
with the same employer; and

(c) the foreign employee’s agreement to pay part of any medical costs is
stated explicitly in the foreign employee’s employment contract or collective
agreement.

According to counsel for the Defendants, pursuant to Condition 1, the employer
of a foreign employee is obliged to pay for whatever medical treatment the
employee undergoes while he is in its employment, even in cases where the
medical treatment was necessitated by injury not suffered in the course of his
employment but by the tortious conduct of a third party. I am not persuaded.
It is clear from the wording of Condition 1 that it imposes an obligation for
employers to provide for the “medical treatment” of their foreign employees
but only to the extent that it is necessary for their “upkeep and
maintenance”. Employers must provide “medical treatment” to maintain the
health and well-being of their foreign employees, but when their employees,
like Sun, suffer serious injuries due to the tortious conduct of third
parties, it cannot be the case that liability to pay for treatment for those
injuries lies with the employers while the tortfeasor(s) are absolved from
their responsibility to pay damages for the wrong that they have done. In such
situations, the medical treatment required by the employee goes beyond that
for his regular “upkeep and maintenance” and, accordingly, falls outside the
scope of Condition 1.

26 Damages in tort are compensatory in nature. They are neither awarded to
profit the plaintiff nor to punish the defendant. A plaintiff is therefore not
entitled to make claims that enable him to a double recovery for the same
item. The plaintiff is entitled to keep gifts made by a well-wisher, be he a
relative, friend, or employer.

27 Counsel for Sun relies on the case of Donnelly v Joyce [1974] QB 454
(“Donnelly”). In that case, the infant plaintiff sustained injuries to his
right leg in a road accident caused by the defendant’s negligence. As a result
of his injury, he needed special care and so his mother gave up her job to
look after him. The court allowed the infant plaintiff to claim for his
mother’s loss of wages on the basis that that loss was not his mother’s loss
(which would not have been claimable by the plaintiff), but that:

…The loss is the plaintiff's loss…The plaintiff's loss, to take this present
case, is not the expenditure of money…to pay for the nursing attention. His
loss is the existence of the need for those…nursing services the value of
which for purposes of damages - for the purpose of the ascertainment of the
amount of his loss - is the proper and reasonable cost of supplying those
needs…So far as the defendant is concerned, the loss is not someone else's
loss. It is the plaintiff's loss.

Hence it does not matter, so far as the defendant's liability to the plaintiff
is concerned, whether the needs have been supplied by the plaintiff out of his
own pocket or by a charitable contribution to him from some other person whom
we shall call the "provider"; it does not matter, for that purpose, whether
the plaintiff has a legal liability, absolute or conditional, to repay to the
provider what he has received, because of the general law or because of some
private agreement between himself and the provider, it does not matter whether
he has a moral obligation, however ascertained or defined, so to do. The
question of legal liability to reimburse the provider may be very relevant to
the question of the legal right of the provider to recover from the plaintiff.
That may depend on the nature of the liability imposed by the general law or
the particular agreement. But it is not a matter which affects the right of
the plaintiff against the wrongdoer.

The above passage from Donnelly was cited by the Singapore Court of Appeal in
Ang Eng Lee v Lim Lye Soon [1985–1986] SLR(R) 931 (“Ang Eng Lee”) (at [10]).
The Court of Appeal adopted (at [11]) the reasoning in Donnelly, set out in
the first part of the quote above, that when a plaintiff needed certain
services as a result of his injuries which were caused by the wrongdoing of
the tortfeasor(s), and those needs have been paid for a third party provider
(in this case, the plaintiff’s father), the loss remains that of the plaintiff
and not of the provider, such that accordingly, the provider has no cause of
action against the tortfeasor(s). It cannot be disputed that the third party
provider has no cause of action against the tortfeasor(s) since the
tortfeasor(s) do not owe a duty of care towards him. But the English Court of
Appeal in Donnelly characterised the plaintiff’s loss not as the expenditure
of money to pay for the nursing services but the existence of the need for
those nursing services. With respect, this, in my view, is an awkward
characterisation of the plaintiff’s loss, especially in cases when the same
plaintiff is also being compensated with general damages for pain and
suffering and loss of amenity arising from his injury. In a 1978 report on
Damages for Personal Injuries, Report on (1) Admissibility of Claims for
Services (2) Admissible Deductions (Scot. Law Com. No. 51) (cited in the House
of Lords decision of Hunt v Severs [1994] 2 AC 350 (“Hunt”) at 362), the
Scottish Law Commission criticised, at paragraph 22, the decision in Donnelly
as being “wrong in principle” and “artificial” in considering an injured
plaintiff as having suffered a net loss where services he needed as a result
of his injury have been rendered gratuitously to him by another. I agree with
the Scottish Law Commission that in such cases, the loss was in fact sustained
by the person who rendered the services even though he has no cause of action
of his own against the tortfeasor(s). Hence, on policy grounds the law allows
a plaintiff to claim such losses so that he can reimburse the voluntary
provider of service: Hunt at 358 and 362.

28 The Court of Appeal in Ang Eng Lee did not discuss or express any view on
the second part of the quote from Donnelly and the broad proposition that when
the needs of an injured plaintiff arising from the wrongdoing of the
tortfeasor(s) is provided by any person other than the plaintiff himself, be
it through the provision of money or services to be valued as money, that
provision for those needs is never deductible when assessing the right
measures of damages recoverable by the plaintiff from the tortfeasor(s), even
if the plaintiff has neither legal nor moral obligation to repay the provider.
It is the “never” that needs qualification. In England, this part of the
decision in Donnelly was doubted in the subsequent case of Hunt (at 361), and
the House of Lords in that case specifically overruled Donnelly to the extent
that when the provider for the needs of the injured plaintiff was the
tortfeasor defendant himself, the plaintiff cannot require that tortfeasor to
pay damages in respect of what he had already provided. I am of the view that
the proposition in Donnelly is too broad. In Donnelly, the provider for the
needs of the plaintiff is a family member (mother) of the plaintiff. When the
provider for the needs of the plaintiff is a family member or close relative,
there may be good reasons to allow the plaintiff to retain his right to claim
for the provision of those needs from the tortfeasor(s) even if he is unable
to prove that he owes an obligation to repay the provider. In such cases, the
provision for the plaintiff’s needs is driven by kinship and affection, and
the plaintiff and his provider would not have put their minds on creating
obligations for the plaintiff to make repayments. Yet, the law considers it
just to allow the provider to receive compensation, and so it allows the
injured plaintiff to claim the losses from the tortfeasor(s) with the
expectation that the plaintiff, out of affection and gratitude towards his kin
who provided for his needs, would recompense his provider even if he is not
obliged to do so. This seems to be the rationale in Wattson v Port of London
Authority [1969] 1 Lloyd’s Rep 95 (see 102), a case considered by the Court of
Appeal in Donnelly. In all other cases that the court in Donnelly relied upon
where the tortfeasor(s) remained liable to the plaintiff even if the
plaintiff’s needs had already been provided for with no obligation on his part
to repay the provider, the provider was a family member or close relative of
the plaintiff. The Scottish Law Commission recommended a right for plaintiffs
to claim from the tortfeasors reasonable remuneration for services rendered by
third parties which were necessitated by the injuries caused by the
tortfeasors, but only where the third parties are relatives of the plaintiff.
This led to section 8 of Part II of the Administration of Justice Act 1982,
quoted by the House of Lords at 362 in Hunt. Beyond the specific context where
the provider is a family member or close relative of the plaintiff, I am of
the view that the plaintiff should not be allowed to claim from the
tortfeasor(s) for needs that have already been provided for by a third party,
if he is under no obligation to repay the provider. In such cases, I see no
reason to depart from the rule against double recovery.

29 In the present case, Sun says that his ex-employer, CCM, had paid his
medical and nursing home bills for him out of goodwill because he was in no
position, financially, to pay for those bills himself. At trial, Sun told the
court that he would return the money to CCM after he successfully claims them
from the Defendants. The General Manager of CCM, Foo Kwee Yew Wilson (PW2),
also said during cross-examination that the company should “take back” the
medical and nursing home charges that it had paid for Sun. I am satisfied that
Sun is under an obligation to repay the money claimed to CCM once he has
recovered the same from the Defendants, and that there will be no double
recovery by him. I therefore allow Sun’s claim against the Defendants for the
entire sum of S$84,954.64 which he incurred as hospital / medical expenses and
nursing home charges, on the condition that he will reimburse CCM. Sun’s
counsel is to inform CCM of the award and the basis on which it is made.

30 There is another claim by Sun. He says that after he returned to China, he
had gone to a hospital twice for check-ups as he was not feeling well, and
incurred additional medical expenses amounting to ¥6000, or S$1,277.18. But he
does not have any receipt to support the claim. He says that private clinics
in China do not give receipts and although the hospitals in China sometimes do
give out receipts, the receipts “were very small in size” and so he had
decided to just throw them away. He claims that he did not preserve those
receipts as “he was not clear about the law in Singapore”. I am not convinced.
By the time of his return to China, Sun knew of the pending lawsuit in
Singapore. He would know that he needs to preserve the receipts to prove his
claim; he has kept the receipts for medical expenses which he had incurred in
Singapore. Special damages have to be strictly proved, or they are not
recoverable. In this case, Sun has failed to prove that he had incurred
additional medical expenses in China amounting to S$1,277.18 and I disallow
this part of the claim.

Transport expenses

31 The Defendants agree to Sun’s claim of S$156 for his transport costs to and
from hospital, incurred between 22 August 2013 and 12 February 2014 in
Singapore, and I award this amount to Sun.

32 Sun says that in August 2015, he incurred another S$280.75 in transport
expenses to and from hospital / medical clinics. The Defendants rightly
pointed out that as these expenses were incurred whilst Sun was attending
various medical re-examinations for the purpose of the trial, they should be
dealt with under disbursements and not form part of his claim for pre-trial
transport expenses. I make no award to Sun for this sum of S$280.75.

33 Counsel for Sun submits that a further S$60 ought to be awarded for Sun’s
transport expenses in China. Sun said in his Evidence-in-Chief that he had
made two visits to a hospital in China since his return to China. But he has
provided no evidence at all as to how he had travelled to and from that
hospital, and the amount of the transport claim. I disallow this part of the
transport claim that Sun has failed to prove.

Cost of caregiver (father’s travel expenses)

34 Sun’s father visited him in Singapore for 10 days from 30 May 2013 to 8
June 2013. Sun claims a sum of S$1,237.34, being expenses incurred for his
father’s airfare from China to Singapore and back, as well as for his father’s
transport via taxi in Singapore. The claim is supported by receipts and the
Defendants do not dispute the amount. But Sun also claims an additional
S$1,000 for the father’s miscellaneous expenses for food, lodging, telephone
calls and other transport in China and Singapore, which the Defendants take
issue with as it is not support by any receipt or bill. I accept that the
father must have incurred some miscellaneous expenses such as for food and
lodging, and it may be the case that receipts were simply not issued for some
of these expenses. I am of the view that S$1,000 for the father’s
miscellaneous expenses over 10 days in Singapore is reasonable. I therefore
award a global sum of S$2,237.34 to Sun for the cost of his father’s travel to
and visit in Singapore as Sun’s caregiver.

Loss of Belongings

35 Sun claims that his shoes, T-shirt, and pants were damaged in the accident
and seeks to recover a sum of S$210 for them. I deny the claim as it is not
supported by any evidence.

Pre-Trial Loss of Earnings

36 Sun claims a total sum of S$55,499.90 for pre-trial loss of earnings. PW2
gave evidence that when Sun commenced employment with CCM on 27 February 2012,
his salary was S$1,000 per month. This was increased to S$1,200 from May 2012.
Sun was, according to PW2, also entitled to overtime pay as well as a three-
month bonus each year (one month of Annual Wage Supplement, one month of lunar
new year bonus, and one month of performance bonus); CCM usually pays the
three-month bonus to all workers unless they perform badly, and Sun was a good
worker.

37 After the accident, Sun was on medical leave for the whole of 2013 and for
January and February 2014, except for 34 days in 2013 when he reported for
work and assumed light duties. Nonetheless, CCM paid to Sun his full basic
monthly salary with a three-month bonus in 2013, and also his full monthly
salary in January 2014. There is evidence in the form of pay slips issued by
CCM to Sun, and Sun conceded this fact. Prima facie, Sun has therefore
suffered no loss in pre-trial earnings for 2013 and January 2014. When the
employer of an injured plaintiff is under no legal obligation (whether
contractual or otherwise) to pay to the plaintiff his salary during his period
of disability, but does so as a loan to the plaintiff for him to meet his
expenses, the plaintiff is entitled to recover the same amount from the
tortfeasor(s): Lim Hin Hock v Ong Jin Choon [1991] 1 SLR(R) 381. The injured
plaintiff who is under an obligation to repay his employer will not be
overcompensated. On the other hand, where a plaintiff receives his salary from
his employer and is not obliged to return them, he cannot claim the same
amount from the tortfeasor(s) otherwise that would amount to double recovery:
see, e.g. Au Yeong Wing Loong v Chew Hai Ban [1993] 2 SLR(R) 290. In this
case, CCM was not under any legal obligation to pay Sun his salary when he was
not working or providing any service for the company, but Sun has not proved
that the payments to him by the company were loans with the expectation of
repayment. Sun stated in affidavit that CCM had advanced the money as a loan
to him and that he has been “advised that (he) is liable to return the balance
overpayment” to CCM. That is his mere assertion, uncorroborated by evidence.
PW2 did not state in his affidavit that CCM had paid full salary to Sun as a
loan. When PW2 testified in court, he merely said that CCM expected repayment
of the pre-trial medical and nursing home expenses, but mentioned nothing
about CCM expecting repayment of salaries it paid to Sun. In the
circumstances, Sun fails to prove that he had suffered any pre-trial loss of
earnings for 2013 and January 2014, and I dismiss this part of the claim
accordingly.

38 For February 2014, Sun was also on medical leave but CCM did not pay him
any salary for the month. In February 2014, Sun’s work permit expired and he
returned to China towards the end of the month. I award to Sun S$1,362.65 for
lost earnings for February 2014. This figure is the sum of S$1,200 (basic
monthly salary) and S$162.65 (average monthly overtime pay) that Sun would
have received in the month of February 2014 but for the accident.

39 Counsel for Sun submits that the Defendants should also compensate Sun for
loss of pre-trial earnings for the period from when he returned to China to
the commencement of this trial in August 2015. I accept PW2’s evidence that
CCM would have renewed Sun’s work permit for two more years had Sun not
suffered the accident. CCM did not renew Sun’s work permit because they were
under the impression that he had not recovered from his injuries and was still
suffering symptoms that did not allow him to continue working as a storekeeper
and delivery driver. Sun might not have been able to work as a storekeeper and
delivery driver following the accident till the end of February 2014; he
suffered serious injuries from the accident and was given medical leave that
largely covered him till 1 March 2014. However, there is insufficient evidence
to suggest that he remained unfit to work as a storekeeper and delivery driver
after this period. At trial, Sun said that he has not been able to resume work
as a driver because his “memory is very bad” and his “body gets easily tired”.
I have made my findings above that although Sun may still be suffering from
occasional headaches and giddiness, he has exaggerated his symptoms. He has
also made good recovery from his orthopaedic injuries, such that he is now,
according to Dr Singh, fit for “normal” work. All his other injuries have
healed. When counsel for the Defendants asked him during cross-examination
whether his pelvic and shoulder injuries were still giving him problems that
prevented him from returning to work as a delivery driver, Sun’s reply was
that “sometimes”, he “feel(s) some pain in (his) chest”. But Sun had never
made a complaint of chest pain to his doctors and only mentioned it to
physiotherapist Cindy Tan (PW6). I do not find Sun to be a credible witness.
Sun has therefore failed to prove that as a result of the injuries he
suffered, he was incapable of working as a storekeeper and delivery driver
from March 2014 to August 2015. Furthermore, he has not provided sufficient
evidence of his earnings in China during this period that would allow the
court to quantify his loss of earnings; he says that he has been helping his
family to run a provision shop in China since his return, but did not provide
the court with any figure of how much he earned from the business. At trial,
he admitted that the business is profitable, but maintained that he did not
know how much the business makes, and that his father keeps the proceeds. He
says that his father does not give him a fixed salary, but that when he needs
money, he can take it from the shop. During re-examination, he told the court
that his allowance for working at the shop is about ¥1,000 a month. I am not
convinced that Sun has made a full or accurate disclosure of his income in
China for me to be able to quantify any loss of earnings. In the
circumstances, I deny his claim for pre-trial loss of earnings from March 2014
to August 2015.

Future Loss

Costs of future medication and treatment

40 Sun’s claim for the costs of future medication and treatment covers
penicillin therapy at ¥120 (or S$24) per month; pain relief medication at ¥150
(or S$30) per month; medication for controlling dementia at ¥1,000 (or S$200)
per month; treatment for dementia at ¥1,500 (or S$300) per month; consultation
for dementia at ¥2,500 (or S$500) per year; medication for controlling
epilepsy at ¥1,000 (or S$200) per month; hospitalisation for epileptic seizure
at ¥10,000 (or S$2,000) per year; and annual physical examination at ¥5,000
(or S$1,000) per year, for a multiplier of 17 years. In addition, he also
claims ¥20,000.00 (or S$4,000) for the costs of 15 sessions of psychological
treatment for overcoming his fear of riding bicycle. The figures for the
various cost items were obtained from a medical report by Dr Xu Yingda of the
First People’s Hospital of Lianyungang in China.

41 Given my findings in [10] and [11] above that Sun has failed to prove that
the accident has caused him psychological trauma such that he is now fearful
of riding a bicycle, or that the accident has resulted in him having a higher
risk of developing dementia and epilepsy, I dismiss Sun’s claim for costs of
future medication and treatment relating to these conditions. I allow the
claim for penicillin therapy since it is not disputed that Sun has to be on
life-long penicillin as a result of his splenectomy. As for pain relief
medication, I find that Sun has exaggerated the frequency and intensity of his
headaches, but I accept that he may suffer from some degree of headaches
occasionally (see [8] above). I allow the claim for pain relief medication but
adjust the figure from ¥150 (or S$30) per month to ¥50 (or S$10) per month, as
the earlier figure is based on Sun requiring pain relief medication on a daily
basis. As for the claim for annual physical examination at ¥5,000 (or S$1,000)
per year, it is not clear to me from the documentary evidence what the purpose
of the physical examination was for. It is the evidence of the doctors who
treated Sun in Singapore that he does not require further medical consultation
in respect of his orthopaedic and abdominal (spleen) injury. Counsel for the
Defendants submits that the award for costs of annual physical examination
should not exceed S$100. I consider S$300 per year to be the appropriate
award. With respect to the multiplier, the Court of Appeal in Poh Huat Heng
Corp Pte Ltd v Hafizul Islam Kofil Uddin [2012] 3 SLR 1003 (“Poh Huat Heng
Corp Pte Ltd”) stated at [76] that the determination of the appropriate
multiplier for future medical expenses is neither a science nor something that
can be reflected in a mathematical formula, and depending on the age of the
plaintiff at the time of the assessment of damages, there can be a range as to
the appropriate multiplier. Sun was 26 years old at the time of the accident
and presently 29 years old. His counsel proposed that 17 years is the
appropriate multiplier while counsel for the Defendants proposed 15 years. The
precedents show that both 15 and 17 years fall within the range of appropriate
multipliers. I consider it fair to fix the multiplier in this case at 16
years.

42 I therefore award a global sum of S$11,328 for the costs of Sun’s future
medication and treatment.

Future transport expenses

43 Sun claims a sum of S$5,000 for the cost of future transport expenses for
trips to and from the hospital for his 15 sessions of psychological treatment
and annual consultations. I have denied his claim for costs for psychological
treatment, but I accept that he would incur some transport expenses for his
annual physical examinations. I award S$800 to Sun for his future transport
expenses (S$50 per year for transport expenses to and from the hospital for
his annual physical examinations, for 16 years).

Loss of earning capacity / loss of future earnings

44 Sun claims in excess of S$0.5 million for the loss of future earnings, and
a further S$100,000 for the loss of earning capacity. Counsel for Sun submits
that a multiplier of 27 years, split three ways as follows, should be applied
in calculating the loss of future earnings:

(a) 9 years for Sun, who is now 29 years old, for not being able to work in
Singapore till the age of 44 as he would have liked. The multiplicand should
be S$2,500 per month being the average salary of a S-Pass worker and an
Employment Pass worker in Singapore, although Sun was here on a work permit
and his last drawn monthly salary was S$1,200 with additional overtime pay
averaging S$162.65 per month;

(b) 9 years for Sun for not being able to work full time as a delivery driver
and storekeeper in China, from when he turns 45 till he is 63 years old. The
multiplicand should be S$1,000 per month; and

(c) 9 years for Sun for not being able to work as a farmer after he turns 64
to when he is 82 years old. But for the accident, Sun will be able to work as
a farmer until he is 82 years old, because he was healthy like his parents and
grandfather and his grandfather passed away at 82 years old and had worked as
a farmer till his death. The multiplicand should be S$800 per month.

Counsel for Sun further submits that if the court should reduce Sun’s claim
for loss of future earnings, then his claim for loss of earning capacity
should be increased as Sun’s present claim of S$100,000 for loss of earning
capacity “is on the low side”.

45 An award for loss of future earnings is made on the basis that as a result
of the injury suffered, the plaintiff will be unable to carry on earning the
same income because he would be incapable of performing the job he did. It
compensates for the difference between the plaintiff’s pre- and post-accident
income. Loss of future earnings must be “real assessable loss proved by
evidence”: Chai Kang Wei Samuel v Shaw Linda Gillian [2010] 3 SLR 587 (“Samuel
Chai”), quoting Lord Denning MR in Fairley v John Thompson (Design and
Contracting Division) Ltd [1973] 2 Lloyd’s Rep 40 at 42. If a plaintiff has
not proven on a balance of probabilities that as a result of the accident he
suffers from a disability that renders him incapable of performing the same
job he did, or if he does not provide sufficient evidence for calculating his
loss in future wages, then his claim must be dismissed: see, e.g. Wang Jianbin
v Hong De Development Pte Ltd [2015] SGHC 242. At [39] above I denied Sun’s
claim for the loss of pre-trial earnings for the period from when he returned
to China to the commencement of this trial in August 2015, on the basis that
he has not produced sufficient evidence to prove that he remained unfit to
work as a storekeeper and delivery driver during this period and also because
he has not made a full or accurate disclosure of his income in China for me to
be able to quantify any loss of earnings. For the same reasons, I reject his
claim for loss of future earnings. Even if I am minded to allow the claim
(which I am not) the appropriate multiplier for the present case would have
been about 16 years, with six years in Singapore and 10 years in China.
Counsel for Sun has no evidence or authority, and I know of no case in which a
court has allowed an injured plaintiff the benefit of an extended multiplier
based on the longevity of his forefathers. That basis is simply too
speculative. There are also problems with the multiplicands which I need not
address here.

46 As for counsel’s submission that Sun’s claim for loss of earning capacity
should be increased if the court should reduce (or deny) Sun’s claim for loss
of future earnings, this has no basis in law. In Samuel Chai, the Court of
Appeal stated that a lack of sufficient evidence to prove the loss of future
earnings cannot, by itself, convert a claim for loss of future earnings into a
claim for loss of earning capacity. The two heads of damages are not
alternatives to each other. They compensate for different losses. Loss of
earning capacity compensates for the risk or disadvantage that the plaintiff
would suffer as a result of his disability, in the event that he should lose
the job that he currently holds, in securing an equivalent job in the open
employment market. No award for loss of earning capacity can be granted if
there is no risk of the plaintiff’s post-accident employment being terminated,
or if he could suffer no disadvantage in competing for a job in the open
employment market because the accident left him with no lasting disability.
Sun is presently helping to run his family business, and he has produced no
evidence that he is at risk of being terminated from that employment. I have
also found that he has suffered no lasting disability from the accident that
may prevent him from securing a job as a storekeeper and delivery driver. His
claim for loss of earning capacity must therefore be dismissed.

Conclusion

47 For the reasons above, the total amount of the award is S$186,338.63. The
plaintiff is entitled to 50 per cent of this amount, which is S$93,169.32. As
the Defendants had already made an interim payment of S$30,000 to Sun on 19
May 2015, the balance amount due to Sun is S$63,169.32. I had hoped to be as
charitable as I can to the injured plaintiff, but charity should not come at
the cost to the defendant. That would be a poor form of justice no matter how
we conceive justice to be. Where I can add a little more from the residual
power of discretion, I have done so. The plaintiff’s overall claim of $1.16m
is unjustiable by a long way. Claimants ought to have a more realistic
expectation not only of the chances of success of their action but also the
quantum that they can expect to be awarded.

48 I will hear the parties on costs and other consequential orders that may be
required.

\- Sgd -  
Choo Han Teck  
Judge

Daljit Singh Sidhu (KSCGP Juris LLP) for the plaintiff;  
N K Rajarh (Straits Law Practice LLC) for the 1st and 2nd defendants.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:39 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

