Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the republic of singapore

[2016] SGHC 17

Suit No 124 of 2013  

Between

| STANLEY TAN POH LENG  
---|---  
|  
  
… Plaintiff

And

| UBS AG  
---|---  
  
… Defendant

j u d g m e n t

[Contract] – [Contractual Terms]

[Tort] – [Negligence] – [Duty of Care]

[Banking] – [Lending and Security] – [Stocks and Shares]

[Banking] – [Derivatives] – [Accumulators]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Tan Poh Leng Stanley

  
v

  
UBS AG

[2016] SGHC 17

High Court — Suit No 124 of 2013  
Belinda Ang Saw Ean J  
8-10,14-17, 21-24, 28, 30 April; 4, 6 May 2015; 14 October 2015.

10 February 2016 Judgment reserved.

Belinda Ang Saw Ean J:

Introduction

1 The plaintiff, Stanley Tan Poh Leng (“ST”), was a private wealth client of
the defendant, UBS AG (“the Bank”). Between October 2007 and August 2008, ST
invested in 16 equity accumulators (“the Accumulators”) on a margin trading
basis. At one time, ST owned equity stocks with a combined market value in
excess of S$100 million in his account with the Bank (“the Account”). In
October 2008, during the global financial crisis that caused a massive
increase in volatility in the equity markets which ST had positions in, the
Bank gave written notice on 22 October 2008 requiring ST to remedy the margin
shortfall in his Account. As this was not done, ST’s required margin was not
restored. The Bank liquidated the Account by closing out ST’s positions
therein; it terminated and unwound the Accumulators and sold off the shares in
the Account, all of which were pledged as collateral (“Collateral Shares”) to
secure ST’s liabilities to the Bank under various credit facilities. At the
end of the liquidation of the entire portfolio, there was still a shortfall of
US$6.7m in the Account. The other liability was the sum of S$25,461,800 that
ST was required to pay the Bank as the cost of unwinding the Accumulators
(“the Unwinding Costs”). The Unwinding Costs and the remaining shortfall
formed ST’s total liabilities owed to the Bank after the liquidation of the
Account, the payment of which was the subject of a work out agreement dated 21
March 2009 (“the Work Out Agreement”). ST paid off his total liabilities to
the Bank sometime in April 2011.

2 In this action, ST disputes the Bank’s entitlement to act as it did way back
in October 2008. His grounds for doing so threw up a variety of distinct
issues, but the issues are now streamlined following ST’s confirmation at the
trial that his entire case related to the unwinding of the Accumulators and
not to the sale of the Collateral Shares. Of the remaining issues, one relates
to the interpretation of the International Swap Dealers Association (“ISDA”)
Master Agreement (“ISDA Master Agreement”) in the light of other existing
agreements and arrangements between the parties. In particular, the question
raised is whether the Bank was contractually entitled to terminate and unwind
the Accumulators without issuing a notice (as stipulated in the ISDA Master
Agreement) upon ST’s failure to maintain the margin required by the Bank and
address the margin shortfall in his Account. The main point taken by ST in
these proceedings is that the Bank was obliged to give notice as stipulated
under the 2006 version of the ISDA Master Agreement (“the ISDA Notice”) before
it could lawfully terminate and unwind the Accumulators. ST argues in the main
that he would have had sufficient assets to salvage the shortfall in his
Account and preserve his positions in the Accumulators. ST’s claim is thus for
damages for breach of the 2006 version of the ISDA Master Agreement (“2006
ISDA”). ST assessed his loss to be S$33,778,163. The bulk of this figure is
for the Unwinding Costs (ie, S$25,461,800).

3 A distinct area of dispute that is central to the Bank’s case that it was
entitled to act in the way it did is the issue of whether ST had consented to
or authorised the unwinding of the Accumulators and the sale of his Collateral
Shares. This raises a question of objective construction of the documents and
the contemporaneous exchanges between the parties to show what was agreed (or
otherwise), and questions of fact as to the conduct of the parties and/or the
understanding of the parties in the context of consent or estoppel. Indeed,
the present case turns on whether there was an agreement, as it is a common
ground that the existence of a separate oral agreement between ST and the Bank
to unwind the Accumulators would render the issue relating to the ISDA Notice
moot. The Bank referred to ST’s separate oral agreement as “exit
instructions”. For convenience and where expedient, I will adopt the same
expression in this Judgment.

4 Separately, the Bank said that it was entitled to unwind the Accumulators
without notice pursuant to the multiple agreements that governed the banker-
customer relationship (listed at [35] – [38] below and collectively referred
to in [39] as “the Account Agreement”). According to the Bank, the Account
Agreement complemented rather than contradicted the Bank’s rights in the 2006
ISDA. Principal to the Bank’s case is the Credit Services Notification Letter
(“CSNL”) that ST’s attorney, Mr Yeo Cheng Boon (“YCB”), signed to signify ST’s
acceptance of the Bank’s credit facilities for the margin trading. To the
Bank, no ISDA Notice was needed since it was entitled to terminate and unwind
the Accumulators by virtue of the terms of the accumulator confirmation issued
for each of the Accumulators (“Accumulator Confirmation”) read with the terms
of the CSNL dated 11 February 2008 (“2008 CSNL”). In short, this Judgment will
consider whether the Accumulator Confirmation incorporated the termination
rights arising from the failure to maintain margin requirements under the 2008
CSNL.

5 The undisputed fact is that ST borrowed money from the Bank to invest in the
Accumulators and ST did not satisfy the margin call letter of 22 October 2008
requiring him to address the margin shortfall in the Account. At the material
time, the Account was in negative equity. Therefore, an important
consideration in this Judgment is how the overall contractual relationship of
a lender and borrower overlays and becomes aligned with ST and the Bank’s
counterparty relationship in derivatives transactions which are subject to the
ISDA Master Agreement. This Judgment will examine whether the Bank was obliged
to give the ISDA Notice on the facts of this case.

6 The Bank’s fallback argument is that even if there were no exit
instructions, and it is held that the Bank’s rights of termination had not
legitimately arisen as no Early Termination Date in respect of the
transactions (ie, Accumulators) had been designated by way of the ISDA Notice,
ST had not shown that the omission to give the ISDA Notice had prejudiced him
in any respect whatsoever. The Bank argues that, in practical terms, ST’s
position would be no different even if the ISDA Notice had been given for ST
would not have been able to avoid the liquidation of his Account, especially
since: (a) ST’s Account was in negative equity; (b) ST was facing a margin
shortfall of S$43.2m in his Account on 22 October 2008 and the movements in a
plummeting market would inevitably deteriorate the shortfall beyond S$43.2m;
(c) ST was required, contractually, to continue purchasing shares under the
Accumulators at prices higher than the prevailing market price and that would,
inevitably, have increased his mark-to-market (“MTM”) losses; and (d) ST was
facing liquidity problems and was in no position to stave off a close out of
the Account.

7 Other areas of dispute concern, inter alia, ST’s assertions that the Bank
did not conduct the close out in a manner that was consistent with the
exercise of reasonable care, and that the Bank did not provide him with
statements of calculation as required in the ISDA Master Agreement. A
threshold question in relation to the first point is whether the Bank had a
duty of care both in contract and tort to conduct the close out exercise
competently and with reasonable care. The Bank submits that ST’s arguments in
relation to the alleged duty were misconceived; no contractual or tortious
duty of care arose in relation to ST’s specific allegations. According to the
Bank, the “strategy” adopted in unwinding the Accumulators was reasonable as
it was in accordance with market practice and minimised ST’s losses. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Bank’s Closing Submissions, para 22.

Hence, there was nothing that the Bank could have done differently on 23 and
24 October 2008.

8 During cross-examination, YCB agreed to make available his computer for a
search to be conducted for e-mails that were relevant to the alleged exit
instructions. Both sides in their respective reply submissions differ on the
question of whether the “e-discovered” e-mails (“the New E-mails”) shed light
on the alleged exit instructions. I will address their opposing views in my
Judgment.

9 Mr Ng Lip Chih (“Mr Ng”) appeared for ST and Mr Hri Kumar SC (“Mr Kumar”)
appeared for the Bank. The parties each appointed an expert witness from the
Panel of Recognized International Market Experts in Finance (“P.R.I.M.E
Finance”) to assist this court on issues relating to the ISDA Master
Agreement. Mr Christopher Jonathan Ross (“Mr Ross”) was ST’s expert witness
and Mr Schuyler Henderson (“Mr Henderson”) was the Bank’s expert witness
(collectively called “the ISDA Experts”).

The financial crisis of 2008

10 The financial crisis of 2008 saw the financial markets shut down on an
unprecedented global scale. Investors swung from euphoria to fear and factions
of the global market that were once known for their deep liquidity dried up
overnight. Many investors who were “bullish” (ie, optimistic about the
prospects of the market) found themselves unprepared and exposed to huge
downside risks.

11 With asset values across the board rapidly plummeting at the peak of the
financial crisis in September and October 2008, investors who held leveraged
positions in equity stocks (“shares”) found their portfolios in negative
equity and faced margin calls. Typically, the value of the collateral that
supported the leveraged position had to be revised downwards to track the fall
in market prices. Again, the financial haemorrhage was exacerbated in cases
where the investor used leverage to trade in derivatives such as accumulators.

12 An accumulator is a structured transaction under which an investor agrees
to buy fixed quantities of a certain share (“the underlying share”) over the
counter through a counterparty (normally a bank) each day at a forward price
or strike price (“the Strike Price”) set at a discount to the market
price/spot price at the time when the investor enters into the transaction to
purchase the accumulator (“the accumulator transaction”) of the underlying
share (“Transaction Spot Price”). The accumulator transaction runs for a
predetermined period of time (normally up to 12 months). The investor pays for
the shares delivered to him on a monthly basis. When an investor enters into
the accumulator transaction, he normally holds the directional view that the
market price of the underlying share would rise and, consequently, stay above
the Strike Price.

13 However, the investor can only continue “accumulating” the underlying share
(ie, buying the share at the Strike Price instead of its market price) if the
relevant market price for the underlying share stays below a contractually-
stipulated barrier, typically five per cent more than the Transaction Spot
Price (“the Knock-Out Price”). If the relevant market price of the underlying
share exceeds the Knock-Out Price, the accumulator transaction will “knock
out”. This means that the accumulator transaction is terminated. The investor,
in such a case, keeps the shares he has purchased but cannot buy any more
shares at the Strike Price.

14 In a hypothetical scenario where the market price of the underlying share
stays above the Strike Price (“Profit Scenario”), the investor makes a profit
from purchasing the underlying share at a “discount” (ie, at the Strike Price
instead of the market price). The profits made by the investor under the
Profit Scenario would naturally be magnified if the transaction is leveraged.

15 Conversely, where the market price of the underlying share falls below the
Strike Price (“the Loss Scenario”), the investor is required to “step-up” his
obligation to purchase shares. This means that if the market price for the
underlying share falls below the Strike Price, the investor is obligated to
purchase between two and five times the number of the underlying share that he
would otherwise be obligated to purchase under the Profit Scenario. The
investor would, therefore, continue purchasing the underlying share at the
Strike Price that would be higher than the market price, “putting good money
to bad”.

16 When the accumulator transaction is leveraged, the losses suffered by the
investor in the Loss Scenario are magnified (apart from the fact that the
“step-up” feature that is inherent in the accumulator already “magnifies” the
losses of the investor). In a falling market, the investor who purchases
Accumulators on margin also suffers another form of loss known as MTM losses
(which reflect the market price of unwinding the position). The investor might
then have to pledge more collateral or provide cash to cover the MTM losses.
Even though MTM losses are unrealised, they would affect the value of an
investor’s investment account and any margin requirements. Therefore, in a
falling market, an investor, like ST, will face successive margin calls, inter
alia, because of rising MTM losses resulting in higher margin requirements.

17 In this context, the accumulator transaction is normally expected to run
its full course. The counterparty in the accumulator transaction normally
takes the risk of the price of the underlying shares moving above the Strike
Price. To manage that risk, the counterparty would typically acquire some of
the underlying shares in the accumulator (“the Delta Shares”). An accumulator
transaction can, however, be terminated prematurely. The phrase “to unwind” is
a colloquial expression used by derivatives traders to describe this premature
termination.

Margin call notification letter dated 22 October 2008 and the Work Out
Agreement dated 29 March 2009

18 Against the backdrop of the financial crisis in 2008, ST received a margin
call letter dated 22 October 2008 from the Bank (“the margin call letter”).
The margin call was in relation to the Account where ST traded shares and the
Accumulators utilising the credit facilities granted by the Bank.

19 As noted, between October 2007 and August 2008, ST invested in a total of
16 Accumulators. The details of the Accumulators are set out in Table 1 below:

Table 1: ST’s Accumulators

S/No| Transaction Date| Underlying Share  
---|---|---  
1| 24 October 2007| SembCorp Marine Ltd  
2| 26 October 2007| Singapore Petroleum Co Ltd  
3| 9 November 2007| SembCorp Marine Ltd  
4| 15 November 2007| Singapore Post Ltd  
5| 12 November 2007| Singapore Petroleum Co Ltd  
6| 13 December 2007| City Developments Ltd  
7| 14 December 2007| City Developments Ltd  
8| 14 December 2007| City Developments Ltd  
9| 14 December 2007| City Developments Ltd  
10| 25 April 2008| Singapore Petroleum Co Ltd  
11| 21 May 2008| DBS Group Holdings Ltd  
12| 26 May 2008| DBS Group Holdings Ltd  
13| 1 July 2008| Singapore Press Holdings Ltd  
14| 5 August 2008| DBS Group Holdings Ltd  
15| 5 August 2008| Singapore Petroleum Co Ltd  
16| 7 August 2008| Singapore Petroleum Co Ltd  
  
For ease of reference, each of the Accumulators will be referred to by its
respective “S/No” as set out in Table 1 above.

20 Notably, ST bought Accumulators S/No 10 to S/No 16 even though the Account
was from time to time in margin shortfall of variable amounts. The credit
facilities from the Bank facilitated ST’s ability to trade in the
Accumulators.

21 A table of chronology, prepared by the Bank for the trial, 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Exhibit D1.

showed that prior to 22 October 2008, the Bank had made a number of margin
calls between November 2007 and September 2008. On those occasions, no formal
letters were issued unlike the last margin call on 22 October 2008 where the
Bank issued the margin call letter to ST. When there was a margin shortfall,
ST would top-up the Account with additional collateral or pay down the
liabilities in the Account. ST also deleveraged by selling assets in the
Account purchased on margin. The picture that emerged is that between November
2007 and September 2008, ST acted to reduce the margin shortfall in his
Account through a combination of top-ups (by way of cash and shares to the
Account) as well as through selling Collateral Shares. The frequency of the
margin calls during this period (ie, November 2007 to September 2008) was a
result of a confluence of the following circumstances:

(a) the value of the shares posted as collateral in the Account falling along
with the market;

(b) the mark-to-market losses (ie, MTM losses) resulting from the
Accumulators; and

(c) the revision of the loanable value (“LV”) in respect of the collateral in
the Account.

22 On 21 October 2008, the already volatile market fell further. In this
context, Ms Amy Tee (“Amy”), the Bank’s relationship manager in charge of ST’s
account with the Bank, e-mailed ST to inform him that his “portfolio [was] in
negative equity” and requested him to top-up the Account. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

DCB 283.

By the time the margin call letter was issued, the margin shortfall in the
Account was in excess of S$43.2m. Since it was the first time a margin call
letter was sent to ST, Amy was naturally anxious to receive ST’s plan of
action in relation to the Account. It is noteworthy that ST had stopped top-
ups by way of cash and shares to the Account after 7 October 2008, and on 16
October 2008, ST drew down on the mortgage loan he had with the Bank in order
to transfer S$1.8m to partially cover the margin shortfall. Amy called ST at
5.10pm on 22 October 2008 (“the 1710hrs Call”). This 1710hrs Call is important
and I will discuss it in greater detail below. Suffice for present purposes,
ST agreed to sell down certain shares he held in Barclays Bank, which were
worth about S$12.29m, and at the end of the call, Amy was informed that either
ST or YCB would revert to her with a plan to address the remaining shortfall
in ST’s Account. Amy informed ST that she would wait for his plan.

23 Subsequently, YCB and Amy met on 22 October 2008 at a café in Bukit Timah
(“the 22 October 2008 Meeting”). ST’s case is that YCB did not provide Amy
with any action plan for the Account. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

ST’s Closing Submissions, para 9.

This entire case turns on whether YCB instructed Amy to unwind the
Accumulators and liquidate the Collateral Shares in the Account during the 22
October 2008 Meeting.

24 On 23 October 2008, the Bank unwound eight of the Accumulators and the
remaining eight Accumulators were unwound on 24 October 2008. The unwinding
costs for these Accumulators stood at S$25,461,800 (ie, the Unwinding Costs).
At the same time, the shares in the Account, which served as collateral (ie,
the Collateral Shares), were sold to reduce the margin shortfall.

25 On or around 30 October 2008, after the Accumulators were unwound, ST and
the Bank started to discuss the repayment of ST’s liabilities. ST wanted five
years to repay all his outstanding liabilities which included the Unwinding
Costs (“the Total Liabilities”). The Bank was initially unwilling to give ST a
long repayment timetable. ST issued threats of litigation through YCB and one
Mr Andrew Tay. YCB, in particular, threatened legal action if the Bank did not
give ST five years to repay the Total Liabilities. Apart from the threats of
legal action, the Bank was not given details of the alleged cause(s) of
action.

26 The Bank eventually gave ST time to discharge the Total Liabilities covered
in the Work Out Agreement. ST repaid the Total Liabilities around April 2011.

27 On 11 June 2010, ST filed for pre-action discovery against the Bank (“the
Pre-action Discovery Application”) to obtain documents and information
relating to the manner in which the Accumulators were unwound. The Pre-action
Discovery Application was dismissed on 2 September 2010. ST then commenced the
present proceedings on 8 February 2013.

ST’s claim is for financial loss in relation to the unwinding of the
Accumulators and not for the sale of Collateral Shares

28 As stated, ST confirmed at the trial that his entire case related to the
unwinding of the Accumulators and not the sale of the Collateral Shares. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

Transcript dated 9 April 2015, pp 177 – 178; Transcript dated 14 April 2015, p
59.

With this confirmation, ST abandoned a large claim of S$100,230,519. On
another level, what does ST’s decision not to take issue with the sale of the
Collateral Shares mean in the context of the close out? Also, how would this
position impact the overall evidence and, consequently, in what manner would
it simplify the issues and arguments? Simply put, the upshot of dropping his
challenge to the sale of the Collateral Shares is significant because ST
unequivocally accepts and acknowledges the following matters:

(a) The margin shortfall in the Account was addressed in part by the sale of
the Collateral Shares leaving a shortfall of US$6.7m in the Account. ST paid
the remaining outstanding shortfall as at 21 March 2009 in the Work Out
Agreement.

(b) The Bank was entitled to and did lawfully sell the Collateral Shares.

(c) The sale of the Collateral Shares was carried out and conducted
competently and with reasonable care.

29 The conclusion in point (c) puts an end to the initial complaint on how the
Bank sold the Collateral Shares as well as the argument pursued before the
trial that the Bank had depressed the price of the shares and could not get
the best price for ST because of its lack of care in the sale of the same.

30 As regards point (b), ST agreed that the sale of the Collateral shares was
not unlawful and confirmed in cross-examination that he was not claiming
damages arising from the sale of the Collateral Shares. Furthermore, seeing
that ST could not meet the margin call of 22 October 2008, he decided to go
along with the Bank’s sale of the Collateral Shares. ST’s consent is evident
from the e-mail that YCB sent to the Bank at 12.04am on 23 October 2008 (“the
Margin Call Response E-mail”), and I so hold. First, ST clarified in the
witness stand that YCB’s e-mail sent after midnight (ie, the Margin Call
Response E-mail) covered not only the Barclays shares but also any sale that
the Bank “takes on [his] behalf”. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

Transcript dated 9 April 2015, p 142.

Second, although YCB denied that the Margin Call Response E-mail covered the
unwinding of Accumulators, his use of the words “we entrust” is telling as it
was conveyed in the context as a reply to the margin call letter. Those words
conveyed the message that YCB and ST were agreeable to the Bank selling the
shares and they wanted the sale of all the shares to be done in a professional
and orderly manner. YCB also agreed in cross-examination that the shares he
was referring to in his e-mail were all the shares that ST had in the Account.
The shares would include those that were delivered to him on a monthly basis
and credited to ST’s Account. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

Transcript dated 15 April 2015, p 162.

Finally, ST would not have wanted a forced sale of the Collateral Shares if he
could avoid one as such an outcome might affect his banking relationship with
other banks. ST accepted in cross-examination that if the Bank were to call an
event of default and sold assets pursuant to a forced sale, that development
would be of relevance to other banks. I start by observing ST’s conduct during
the 1710hrs Call. In that call, ST was informed of the margin call letter and
the possibility of the Bank closing out the Account. ST immediately decided to
sell the Barclays shares by agreement. ST told Amy it was “only right” for him
to do so. This is, in my view, clear evidence that ST would have wanted to
avoid a forced sale. All this must be viewed in light of the fact that ST had,
one month earlier, reminded YCB that their financial position had to be
managed gingerly as they “need[ed] all the banks”. As noted at [57] below, ST
was conscious of the fact that he needed all the Banks to be on board in order
for him to tide over the crisis. Notably, as at 20 October 2008, an Australian
bank had withdrawn part of the facilities which allowed ST to draw down for
personal use. News of a forced sale by the Bank would have only exacerbated
the situation. By ST’s evidence, the Margin Call Response E-mail could only be
construed to mean that ST gave the Bank the right to sell all the shares in
his portfolio (ie, the Collateral Shares). This piece of evidence is
affirmation of ST’s reluctance to see a forced sale scenario. There are
additional points which I will come to when I next consider the matter of
Option 2 below.

31 A corollary to ST’s decision not to dispute the sale of the Collateral
Shares in the Account is its effect on the question of whether the Bank’s
unwinding of the Accumulators was with ST’s consent and authority (or
otherwise). This question will be discussed below; the answer to this question
will bear on the issue of the exit instructions. It is not disputed that all
the shares in the Account were pledged to the Bank as collateral, and that
their combined market value was S$107,352,497.05 on 22 October 2008. Put
another way, ST’s decision to sell the Collateral Shares was the same thing as
agreeing to liquidate his entire portfolio of over S$100m.

32 At the trial, ST’s position on the Accumulators is that he did not agree to
unwind the Accumulators; Amy was mistaken when she wrote to her superiors in
the Bank that ST had given the exit instructions to unwind the Accumulators;
and the unwinding was done without the issuance of the ISDA Notice contrary to
s 6 of the 2006 ISDA. ST’s case – at its core – relates to the Bank’s failure
to give the ISDA Notice before it proceeded to unwind the Accumulators. In
this action, ST wants the Bank to return the Unwinding Costs to him. The
parties accept that a separate oral agreement between ST and the Bank to
unwind the Accumulators would render the issue relating to the ISDA Notice
academic. Therefore, the present case turns on whether there was indeed an
agreement.

33 ST claims to have suffered financial loss because the Bank:

(a) did not give him the ISDA Notice before unwinding the Accumulators;

(b) did not give him the statement of calculation under s 6(d) read with s 12
of the 2006 ISDA (“Statement Clauses”) after unwinding the Accumulators;

(c) was negligent in unwinding the Accumulators in the absence of his
instructions; and

(d) unwound the Accumulators in a negligent manner.

34 The Bank refutes ST’s claims. Its defence is as follows:

(a) as ST instructed the Bank to unwind the Accumulators through YCB in the 22
October 2008 Meeting and the Bank accepted his instructions (“Alleged
Agreement to Unwind Accumulators”), it was under no obligation to issue the
ISDA Notice;

(b) even if there was no Alleged Agreement to Unwind Accumulators, the Bank,
under, inter alia, each of the Accumulator Confirmations which incorporated
the rights relating to collateral under the 2008 CSNL, was entitled to unwind
the Accumulators without giving the ISDA Notice;

(c) even if the ISDA Master Agreement was the only document to be looked to in
relation to the Accumulators, the Bank, without notice, was entitled to unwind
the Accumulators that were governed by the 2008 ISDA;

(d) the Bank was not negligent in unwinding the Accumulators;

(e) the Bank complied with the Statement Clauses;

(f) ST has suffered no loss on account of the Bank’s failure to issue the ISDA
Notice;

(g) even if ST suffered a loss, he has agreed that the Bank is not liable for
his losses under cl 5.1 of the 2008 Accounts Agreement (“Exemption Clause”);
and

(h) ST is estopped from pursing this claim and/or ST has compromised his claim
by entering into the Work Out Agreement (“Compromise Argument”).

Multiple agreements

35 As stated, ST was a private wealth client of the Bank. On 6 May 2006, ST
signed the following account opening documents in relation to the Account:

(a) Account Mandate;

(b) Risk Disclosure Statement;

(c) General Power of Attorney by Individual/Joint Account Holder(s) appointing
YCB as his attorney;

(d) Exchange Traded Option Trading Facility Agreement;

(e) Request for Subscription of Equity Linked Notes and Blocs;

(f) Risk Acknowledgement for FX enhanced (Accrual) Forwards;

(g) Letter of representation addressed to the Bank captioned “Account no.
128882 and 128887”; and

(h) The Charge over Assets.

36 It was not disputed that ST received, at or about the same time the Account
was opened on 9 May 2006, documents for the opening of the Account from the
Bank (“the 2006 Account Agreement”). The 2006 Account Agreement included the
Account Mandate and the Risk Disclosure Statement (referred to in [35(a)] and
[35(b)] above), Terms and Conditions – General Conditions; and Terms and
Conditions – Product Conditions.

37 I pause to note that by a letter dated 23 June 2008 addressed to the
“valued clients” of the Bank (which, at that point, included ST) and entitled
“Revision of Account Agreement” (“the 2008 Revision Letter”), the Bank revised
the 2006 Account Agreement with a revised agreement that came into force with
effect from 23 July 2008 (“the 2008 Account Agreement”). The 2008 Account
Agreement included the Account Terms and Conditions (“the 2008 Account T&Cs”)
and the Investment Services Terms and Conditions (“the 2008 Investment
Services T&Cs”).

38 I alluded at [4] above to the Credit Services Notification Letter (ie, the
CSNL). On 16 May 2006, YCB in his capacity as ST’s attorney, executed the CSNL
(“the 2006 CSNL”) under which ST accepted the credit facilities from the Bank
(“the Facilities”) in relation to the Account. The 2006 CSNL was subsequently
superseded by the CSNL dated 13 July 2007 and 11 February 2008 (ie, 2008
CSNL). The parties accept that the 2008 CSNL is the document to be referred to
in relation to the various discussions on all the Accumulators and the
transactions in ST’s Account. As such, I will be referring to the 2008 CSNL in
the course of this Judgment.

39 It is common ground that as at 23 July 2008, the Account and the Facilities
were governed by the terms of the Account T&C, the Investment Services T&C and
the 2008 CSNL (collectively, “the Account Agreement”).

40 As stated, between October 2007 and August 2008, ST invested in a total of
16 equity accumulators purchased on a margin trading basis (ie, using
leverage, pursuant to the Facilities that were accepted pursuant to the CSNL).
A central document in relation to the present dispute is the ISDA Master
Agreement (which, unless otherwise stated, refers to the 1992 Form). On 16 May
2006, ST accepted the version of the ISDA Master Agreement then in force,
which was the 2006 ISDA, including the accompanying schedules to the 2006 ISDA
(“the 2006 Schedule”). I note that it is the Bank’s case that the 2008
Revision Letter referred to at [37] above, had the effect of bringing into
force the accumulator transactions entered into after 23 July 2008 the ISDA in
force at that date (“the 2008 ISDA”) and the accompanying schedules in force
at that date (“the 2008 Schedule”).

41 The ISDA Experts accept that ST and the Bank could effectively agree that
the Accumulators could be unwound otherwise than in accordance with the terms
of the 2006 ISDA. I reproduce the relevant portions of their joint report
(“the ISDA Experts’ Joint Report”):

Parties may agree to terminate Accumulators outside terms of Master Agreements

9\. The parties to a 1992 ISDA Form as well as the Master Agreements may agree
that its Transactions may be terminated and closed out otherwise than in
accordance with the terms of the 1992 ISDA Form or Master Agreement. This is a
matter of contract.

10\. The 1992 ISDA Form and the Master Agreements do not contain a provision
dealing with a mutually agreed termination and close-out of Transactions,
which by its nature is, at the date of execution of the 1992 ISDA Form or
Master Agreement, only a potential future occurrence under then unknown
circumstances.

11\. lf the parties agreed by way of a separate and effective agreement that
the Accumulators were to be terminated and the Bank acted in reliance and in
accordance with that agreement, the provisions of the Master Agreement dealing
with designation of an Early Termination Date and its consequences would not
be applicable.

42 The views expressed by the ISDA Experts are uncontroversial and, in this
regard, I have no difficulty accepting them. The 2006 ISDA does not state
whether the parties may terminate their outstanding obligations by mutual
agreement. The reason this is not stated is because the termination provisions
in the ISDA Master Agreement deal with unilateral termination. A mutually
agreed termination therefore falls outside of the ISDA Master Agreement. It is
settled law that parties may terminate a contract by a subsequent agreement
and this case is about whether there was a mutual agreement to terminate the
Accumulators. I also accept Mr Henderson’s argument that, on the facts of this
case, “it would be contractually and practically superfluous to [one party] to
give notice of the termination, a fact of which the parties would clearly have
been aware [in the case of termination by mutual agreement]”. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

Mr Henderson’s AEIC, p 23 (Mr Henderson’s Report, para 17).

Was there an oral agreement to liquidate the entire Account on 22 October 2008
or at all?

Overview

43 The key issue of the Alleged Agreement to Unwind Accumulators (ie, the exit
instructions) turns essentially upon the credibility of both Amy’s and YCB’s
evidence, assessed in the light of the contemporaneous documents and the
commercial probabilities. Questions of fact as to the conduct of ST and YCB
prior to and post–22 October 2008 and/or the understanding of the parties in
the context of this issue of the exit instructions will be examined. Isolating
and finding the real option(s) open to ST when he was faced with the margin
call letter would more likely than not serve as objective evidence to negate
or support the existence of the Alleged Agreement to Unwind Accumulators. ST’s
liquidity problems and his struggles to keep up with the ever increasing size
of the margin shortfall in the Account against the backdrop of a falling
market that caused the Account to go into negative equity are relevant
considerations.

44 On 22 October 2008, there was a high level of uncertainty in the financial
markets. Faced with a margin shortfall in excess of S$43.2m on 22 October
2008, the pressure was on ST to find a solution to the crisis and to salvage
the state of his Account which was by then also in negative equity. ST would
have to decide on what options to pursue in the crisis. As explained earlier,
the Account was in margin shortfall since November 2007 but, at that time, ST
was able to deal with those margin shortfalls by injecting cash and shares
into the Account. However, the financial markets continued on a downward
trajectory and that decline caused the market value of the Collateral Shares
to decrease on the one hand and the MTM losses on the Accumulators to increase
on the other. The Bank reduced the loanable value (“the LV”) of some of the
Collateral Shares thereby contributing to the margin shortfall in the Account.
Despite ST’s cash injections into the Account, the margin shortfall remained.
He then started to sell some shares in the Account. He also borrowed money, so
to speak, to cover the shortfall, by utilising the mortgage loan he had with
the Bank on a property at Tanglin Hill. Other attempts were to obtain from the
Bank a term loan or to sell down his investments to deleverage the Account if
he did not secure a term loan. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

ST’s AEIC, para 46; Transcript dated 8 April 2015, p61.

The prospective term loan would have to be secured by fresh assets which ST
did not advise or apprise the Bank of. In the end, no term loan was formally
offered or agreed upon. By the end of September 2008, ST began to deleverage
the Account. The question is whether he eventually realised that servicing the
loans granted under the Facilities was unsustainable in light of the volatile
and plummeting market and whether this led to the decision to liquidate the
entire portfolio. I will elaborate on this matter under the heading “ST’s
investment strategy”.

45 ST’s inability to keep up and address in a financially meaningful way the
margin shortfall levels and the negative equity in the Account, which were the
result of, inter alia, the MTM losses on the Accumulators, continued to unfold
during the month of October 2008. After 7 October 2008, ST stopped making any
cash or asset top-ups to the Account. As matters got worst, the option to
liquidate the Account was adopted on 22 October 2008.

46 Amy and her assistant, Clara Chew (“Clara”), sent ST regular updates on the
status of the Account including spreadsheet tables showing his total
liabilities, the value of his Collateral Shares and the required margin.
Between 8 and 22 October 2008, Amy wanted YCB to follow up with ST to put
forward a plan to resolve the margin shortfall. On 9 October 2008, she warned
YCB that it was going to be tough for her to delay the Bank from taking action
as the Account was at a “closed out position”. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

16 AB 71 – 72.

47 There was even, on 13 October 2008, a discussion on what would happen to
the Account in the event the Account was entirely closed out. On that date,
Amy and YCB discussed the option of liquidating the entire portfolio which
included terminating the Accumulators and the consequence of that course of
action on ST’s position. In fact, ST would still owe the Bank US$2m after
liquidating the entire portfolio at that time. Importantly, YCB understood
Amy’s use of the word “shortfall” in the discussion and the Account’s
“negative equity” to have taken into consideration the Accumulators; that
unwinding the Accumulators would involve unwinding costs; and that the MTM
margin would reflect the cost of unwinding the Accumulators. I now set out the
relevant parts of the transcript of that conversation: 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

16 AB 197 – 198.

Cheng Boon But when you say shortfall you are taking including accumulators
right.

Amy Yes because

Cheng Boon You are counting accumulators as well right when you said you have
a negative.

Amy Correct yes

Cheng Boon Ah OK

Amy Yes

Cheng Boon Mm.

Amy Ok the reason why of course we have been arguing about the mark to market
right

Cheng Boon Mm.

Amy What they saying is that if I have to unwind today.

Cheng Boon Mm hmm

Amy Ok. That is the cost of unwinding.

Cheng Boon Mm.

Amy So that’s the reason why they say that you cannot exclude the unwinding
costs.

48 By 14 October 2006, the margin shortfall had grown to US$21m and by 21
October 2008 the Account went into negative equity. The market continued to
drop and the Bank was not willing to give ST time to sell down his portfolio.
I agree with Mr Kumar that ST was selling his assets in a depressed market
because of his liquidity problems. Indeed, Mr Ng clarified that it was not
ST’s case that the latter had no liquidity issues; ST like everyone else was
facing liquidity problems at that time. Mr Ng’s point is that had the ISDA
Notice been given to terminate and unwind the Accumulators, notwithstanding
ST’s liquidity problems, ST would have come up “with a plan, satisfactory to
the [Bank] to stop the unwinding”. On the overall evidence, Mr Ng’s point is
not only speculative but incongruous. His statement – “regardless of the
liquidity problems [ST] was facing, a wholesale dumping of all [ST’s] shares
and the unwinding of the Accumulators when the market was at an all-time low,
was a course of action which [ST] would never [have] agreed to” – is riddled
with unproven facts and is also not borne out by the Bank’s unchallenged
evidence on the way the Collateral Shares were sold and the manner in which
the Accumulators were unwound. Notably, ST is no longer suing the Bank for the
manner in which the Collateral Shares were sold.

49 After the margin call letter on 22 October 2008, ST had not asked the Bank
for additional time accommodation. Although ST said that the Bank had earlier
given him time to attend the margin shortfalls, ST is not suing the Bank for
reneging on any previous promises to give him time to remedy the margin
shortfall and redress the negative equity in the Account. In this regard,
there is no need to dwell on the peripheral arguments such as whether the Bank
had earlier on 16 October 2008 given ST four weeks to sell down at least
US$15m of his shares in his Account per week and on the condition that he
should “sell faster” if the market further deteriorated. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

DCB 264.

The Bank’s view was encapsulated in an e-mail sent by Mr Heinz Braeggar (“Mr
Braeggar”) from the Bank’s Credit Review Committee (“CRC”). In the e-mail, Mr
Braeggar “strongly recommend[ed] to unwind some [of the Accumulators]” due to
the high exposure and MTM loss.

50 The ongoing debate focuses on the Alleged Agreement to Unwind Accumulators
(ie, the exit instructions). ST’s grievance was with the allegedly
unauthorised unwinding of the Accumulators; ST did not agree or consent to the
unwinding of the Accumulators on 22 October 2008 without which the Bank was
obliged to give the ISDA Notice before it could lawfully unwind the
Accumulators. The position taken at the trial was that ST had assets available
to meet the successive margin calls; there was no need for him to therefore
agree to the liquidation of the entire Account including the unwinding the
Accumulators (ie, Option 1 at [51] below). I will elaborate on Option 1 based
on the evidence before the court in due course. Suffice to say for now that
Option 1 was not feasible at all in the prevailing market conditions where
price movements in a volatile market would inevitably: (a) widen the margin
requirements; and (b) increase the MTM losses on the Accumulators. It is in
the context of the options that were realistically open to ST that the Alleged
Agreement to Unwind Accumulators (ie, the exit instructions) has to be
evaluated and determined. As will be explained below, ST found his liabilities
in relation to the Account to far exceed his assets and the Bank argues that
the only realistic option that ST could have pursued was Option 2 which was to
unwind the Accumulators (at [51] below). After ST decided to sell all his
shares in Barclays Bank, the Bank’s spreadsheet sent to ST and YCB at 6.59pm
of 22 October 2008 showed a margin shortfall of S$43.2m. If Option 2 was the
singular option that ST was faced with, this fact would more likely than not
serve as objective evidence to support the existence of the exit instructions.

51 The two options that were allegedly “open” to ST when the Bank issued to ST
the margin call letter on 22 October 2008 in a falling market were as follows:

(a) to draw from ST’s liquid assets and continue to meet the (successive)
margin calls (“Option 1”); or

(b) to mutually agree with the Bank that it is time to draw a line under his
losses by unwinding the Accumulators and selling the Collateral Shares in his
Account so as to avoid a forced sale (“Option 2”).

November 2007 to 21 October 2008

52 It is convenient at this juncture to explain the need to repeat certain
facts in various parts of this Judgment; for instance, repetition of facts has
occurred in the introduction, in the overview of a section and again in the
main argument itself. Repetition of facts is used, generally, for expediency
to aid in the reading of the Judgment and, on other occasions, the same facts
are raised for the purpose of argument in different parts of the Judgment.

53 Earlier, I have given a snap shot of the state of the Account at [43] –
[49] above. As noted at [21] above, there were many instances before 22
October 2008 where ST had to address the margin shortfall in the Account. On
19 November 2007, for example, ST’s Account suffered a margin shortfall which
he remedied by remitting S$18m to the said account. As the market continued to
deteriorate during November 2007, the market value of the Collateral Shares
dropped and the MTM losses on the Accumulators increased. Additionally, the LV
of some of the Collateral Shares was also reduced. This part of the Judgment
narrates in greater detail the various actions taken by ST to manage his
Account. However, the relentless movements in the equity markets were against
him.

54 The markets had become increasingly turbulent by the time July and August
of 2008 approached. ST continued pumping cash into what appears to be a
market-induced abyss – the Account continued to be in margin shortfall
notwithstanding ST’s efforts to remedy the situation. ST then took other
actions to remedy the margin shortfall: he (a) started selling some shares in
the Account; and (b) started borrowing money from the Bank to remedy the
margin shortfall viz, ST drew down on the mortgage loan he had with the Bank
in relation to a property at Tanglin Hill to address the shortfall.

55 As revealed in the New E-mails, ST was, as early as 8 September 2008,
already planning to “sell most of [his] stake so as to improve [his] position
with the [B]ank.” 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

Defendant’s Bundle of New E-mails (“DBNE”) 26.

This plan was in relation to one of the Collateral Shares viz, LMIR Trust.

56 Included in the New E-mails is an e-mail dated 19 September 2008 where YCB
was proposing on an exploratory basis how ST could move certain assets to
Nomura Bank “for sheltering it away from [OCBC] and the [Bank]”. In another
e-mail dated 21 September 2008 entitled “Nomura, YP and Imir” YCB stated as
follows: 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

DBNE 47.

I do not trust RBS Coutts … but given [the] current situation[,] it is still
for you to take a loan with [the property at Ladyhill] as collateral …

57 After hearing YCB’s proposals, ST left him with a short reply on 21
September 2008. ST wrote: 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

DBNE 46.

Let you take the lead. Just remember we need all the banks currently. [Thank
you].

[emphasis added].

58 ST also got his brother to help out. Mr Freddie Tan, ST’s brother, provided
security for the Account by way of a third party pledge of about US$2.5m on 17
September 2008. Notwithstanding the above, a margin shortfall of about S$2.79m
remained as at 26 September 2008.

59 In the face of the successive margin calls, ST sought to convert part of
the Facilities into a term loan so as to avoid the frequency of the margin
calls. ST and YCB met the senior representatives of the Bank viz, Ms Kathy
Shih (“Ms Shih”), the Chief Executive Officer of the Bank’s Asia Pacific
Wealth Management division; Ms Yeong Phick Fui (“Ms Yeong”), the Head of Key
Clients in the South Asia Wealth Management division; Mr Reto Von-Atzigen (“Mr
Von-Atzigen”), the Head of Credit in the Wealth Management division; and Mr
Benjamin Cavalli (“Mr Cavalli”), the Head of Key Clients in Singapore in the
Wealth Management division, to discuss ST’s proposal on 29 September 2008. Amy
was also present at the meeting. I note from Amy’s evidence that Mr Cavalli
was then her immediate superior. At the meeting, ST proposed “to convert part
of [his] Facilities into a term loan” in order to “avoid the hassle of having
to arrange a top-up to the Account every week.” The Bank left this meeting
agreeing to come back with a response in relation to the feasibility of ST’s
proposal. Unfortunately, the market continued its downward spiral.

60 Significantly, from 7 October 2008, ST stopped addressing the margin
shortfall with cash or further collateral. At the same time, ST, as can be
gleaned from the New E-mails, was anxious about his financial position with
other banks. For example, in an e-mail dated 8 October 2008, YCB informed ST
of a shortfall in one of his daughter’s account with OCBC. YCB’s update to ST
was as follows: 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

DBNE 49.

…

Also, trying to shift a little more cash occasionally now to OCBC to keep them
at bay and comfortable to protect [the properties].

61 On 9 October 2008, the margin shortfall in the Account ballooned to close
to S$30m. At this point, Amy contacted YCB and informed him that the Account
was at a “close out position”.

62 ST initially talked about topping up his Account with US$14m in cash during
a call with the Bank on 10 October 2008. In the same call, ST opined that the
Account needed to be restructured after the said cash top-up as he “had
limited capacity for top-ups on short notice”. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

DCB 222.

However, ST did not provide any cash in the end.

63 On 13 October 2008, ST committed himself to selling S$20m worth of shares
in his Account viz, his shares in Singapore Post and Singapore Press Holdings,
between 13 and 17 October 2008 to reduce the margin shortfall in the Account.
It is also apparent from an e-mail sent by Amy to Ms Shih that ST had proposed
using S$11m of cash he held in Australia if it was “absolutely necessary”.
Nothing came out of that proposal. I highlight that ST had been selling his
shares in Singapore Post, Singapore Press Holdings and/or DBS on 13, 14, 15,
16, 17, 20, 21 and 22 October 2008. The cumulative value of the shares sold
during the aforementioned dates amounted to S$30,127,260. The margin shortfall
in the Account at the end of 13 October 2008 stood at about S$36.8m.

64 I referred earlier at [47] above to the important call on 13 October 2008
between YCB and Amy. In that call YCB was told that if the entire portfolio
was liquidated including the unwinding of the Accumulators there would still
be a shortfall of US$2m (see [47] above for the transcript of the
conversation). This potential liability of US$2m ballooned over the next seven
days in the deteriorating market.

65 YCB’s evidence at trial was that he did not know that Accumulators could
even be unwound. I am unable to accept his testimony in the face of
contemporaneous evidence gathered from the transcript of the telephone call
(at [47] above) that Accumulators could be unwound and that the MTM losses
would be realised on the unwinding. I find that YCB was aware that Amy’s use
of the word “shortfall” and her computation of “negative equity” factored in
the Accumulators and the relevant MTM losses. I further find that YCB was
aware that reference to the Bank “clos[ing] everything out now” meant the
liquidation of the entire portfolio (the Collateral Shares and the
Accumulators) and realising the Unwinding Costs. The net proceeds from the
sale of the Collateral Shares would then be deducted from ST’s loans to
determine how much he would owe the Bank.

66 By 14 October 2008, ST had not pumped in cash or shares into the Account to
address the shortfall for more than a week. The Bank started getting concerned
about the Account and Amy called YCB on 14 October 2008 to advise that the
US$21m shortfall in the Account had to be covered by 17 October 2008. This
also followed the day after whereby Amy informed YCB that the Account was in
“close out position” and that the Bank was “not agreeable to let the shortfall
stay past [20 October 2008]”. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

DCB 158.

67 ST’s Account took a turn for the worst on 21 October 2008. At the end of
that day, the shortfall in the Account stood at S$41.8m. Mr Braeggar’s e-mail
dated 21 October 2008 captured the dire state of the Account as the market had
turned against ST: 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

DCB 281.

Hi [A]my,

What do you mean by the client was very cooperative? We have a 100% margin
erosion and unless the client does not send in some cash, we could face a
problem. I don’t think that we should argue about LV etc. as it does not make
a difference as we are close to [being] unsecured. [CRC] made it very clear in
terms of selling and what are our expectations. To sell the portfolio within
the next few weeks is not anymore an option in my opinion, immediate close out
is required.

[emphasis added]

68 On 21 October 2008, Amy spoke to YCB on the telephone. She informed him
that “unfortunately [,] things changed again” because the position of ST’s
Account had not improved despite selling some of the Collateral Shares, 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

Defendant’s Bundle of Transcripts, p 195.

and that the portfolio was now in negative equity. I note from Amy’s call that
the Bank wanted an undertaking that ST would cover the Bank’s losses.
Otherwise, the Bank wanted to “close out the entire position”.

69 What is clear from the narrative is that ST had in fact stopped providing
the Account with cash or shares to address the margin shortfalls, but had,
instead, started to sell some of the Collateral Shares in the Account. This
conduct, of course, suggests that he stopped adopting Option 1 from 7 October
2008. It nevertheless leaves unanswered the next question of whether he could
have adopted Option 1 if he wanted to. I will now turn to this question.

ST did not have the liquid assets to adopt Option 1

70 ST’s position at trial was that he was in a financial position to address
the margin call on 22 October 2008. At trial, ST explained that he would be
relying on the evidence of Professor Ho Yew Kee (“Prof Ho”), a professor at
the Department of Accounting in the Business School of the National University
of Singapore, to testify that ST did have the assets in October 2008 to meet
successive margin calls. I now turn to Prof Ho’s Affidavit of Evidence-in-
Chief (“AEIC”).

71 In his AEIC, Prof Ho stated that ST had four sources of funds that he could
draw on to meet the shortfall in the Account, which was then confirmed at
trial to be S$41,187,466. The funds ST had, in Prof Ho’s view, amounted to
S$69,293,504, and a breakdown of this figure (as set out by Prof Ho) is shown
in the table below. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

Prof Ho’s AEIC, p 70.

ST’s assets listed in Prof Ho’s AEIC

Assets| Value  
---|---  
Three properties owned by [ST’s] daughters| S$22,173,095  
“Unrecognised” asset value of the assets of [ST] with the Bank| S$37,256,010  
Cash in the Coutts Bank | S$1,864,399  
Pledge from Mr Freddie Tan| S$8,000,000  
Total| S$69,293,504  
  
72 Prof Ho conceded in cross-examination that he accepted without verification
ST’s claim that he had 36-months’ worth of liquid assets. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

Transcript dated 28 April 2015, p 52.

He also conceded that he did not know what liquid assets ST had to address the
margin shortfall. Prof Ho observed that ST decided to stop topping up the
Account with cash after 7 October 2008 as “he was just struggling to look at
where [there is] the possible cash”. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

Transcript dated 28 April 2015, p 56.

73 Mr Kumar submits that Prof Ho’s evidence is unreliable. He had made a
number of assumptions (which were not verified) on the loanable value ie, LV,
of the properties owned by ST’s daughters. Prof Ho also conceded that the
properties were not liquid assets and, at the same time, accepted the view
point that their asset value was dependent on whether the Bank was willing to
lend ST money against them, and if so, how much. The largest item, by quantum,
in Prof Ho’s list of ST’s assets was the “unrecognised” asset value of the
assets in ST’s Account. It was shown at trial that Prof Ho was advancing what
was, essentially, a fanciful proposition in relation to this item. He was
suggesting that an individual faced with a margin call could tell a bank that
it should not issue a margin call because there were already assets (ie, the
same Collateral Shares) in the account, which could be liquidated to meet the
margin call. Prof Ho conceded that his proposition made no sense. Prof Ho also
conceded that the value assigned to Mr Freddie Tan’s assets was overstated.
The sum of all this is that Prof Ho conceded in the round that ST did not have
liquid assets to meet the margin call on 22 October 2008. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

Transcripts dated 28 April 2015, pp 140 – 141.

74 Prof Ho also made further concessions:

Q. And we have agreed that what he needs to therefore pay to UBS in terms of
cash or liquid assets as of 22 October is $41.3 million.

A. Yes, if he puts the $41 million into it, you'll realise basically that the
accounts will never run into negative.

Q. And he did not have 41.3 million of cash or liquid assets as of 22 October
to meet that margin call.

A. Yes, agree on that point.

Q. Thank you. If you go to therefore your conclusion, and just to make sure we
understand your evidence, paragraph 29, let me just read:

"This report quantifies the value of Stanley's assets at the close of October
22, 2008, the last business day before UBS commenced unwinding actions against
Stanley's accumulator contracts on October 23, 2008. The assets are identified
and valued based on the documents provided by Stanley. The purpose is to
determine whether Stanley has access to sufficient assets to meet the margin
shortfall that precipitated the unwinding."

Do you see that?

A. Yes.

Q. The conclusion we have reached just two minutes ago is that he did not have
the assets.

A. Yes. Liquid assets.

Q. Agree? He did not have access to sufficient assets to meet the margin
shortfall. He did not have, right?

A. In the context of liquid assets and cash, he did not have.

75 In fact, Prof Ho’s eventual concession resonates with ST’s communications
to the Bank on 17 December 2008 that he needed to “pick up” what was left and
rebuild himself to repay the Bank his outstanding liabilities (ie, the Total
Liabilities). The net effect is that at the end of the trial, ST’s expert
witness accepted that ST could not meet the margin call on 22 October 2008.

76 Mr Ng introduced a new point in closing submissions, which is that ST could
have met the margin call with the assets listed in Prof Ho’s AEIC, assets
pledged under the Work Out Agreement and the funds he would be able to raise
from his business associates. Mr Ng compiled these assets in a new schedule
that was annexed to his closing submissions. ST also relied on Amy’s opinion
evidence at trial to support the new point in closing submissions on ST’s
ability to raise funds from his business associates; that the properties
listed in Prof Ho’s AEIC were available for offering to the Bank; and that ST
would have been able to cover a shortfall of S$10m.

77 Plainly, no evidence was led on the new schedule and it was not tested in
cross-examination. Amy was a factual witness whose opinion evidence is
inadmissible. Prof Ho was cross-examined on all the assets that ST informed
him that ST had available at the time of the margin call and the clear
conclusion that emerged from the cross-examination of Prof Ho is that ST was
not able to meet the margin call on 22 October 2008.

78 Additionally, as noted from the communications leading up to the Work Out
Agreement, ST himself admitted that he needed more time to recover and repay
the Total Liabilities. Therefore, the conclusion that follows from ST’s own
expert’s evidence is that Option 1 was not opened to ST, and I so hold.

ST went for Option 2

79 As mentioned, 22 October 2008 was an extremely significant day in these
proceedings. I find that ST adopted Option 2 (see [51] above) and in doing so
consented to unwind the Accumulators. The main reason is that Option 2 suited
ST when one bears in mind ST’s liquidity problems discussed above and the
deteriorating state of the Account. By then, the loans from the Bank to invest
in, inter alia, the Accumulators had become “unsustainable” (to use ST’s
description) to an experienced businessman and sophisticated investor like ST.
I will elaborate on this point when I discuss ST’s investment strategy. Above
all, ST’s confirmation that he agreed to the sale of the Collateral Shares via
YCB’s Margin Call Response E-mail put paid to his contention that he did not
consent to the termination and unwinding of the Accumulators. I will elaborate
on this shortly.

80 I pick up from the events on 21 October 2008. ST’s Account had not improved
despite the selling of shares, 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

Defendant’s Bundle of Transcripts, p 195.

and the portfolio was now in negative equity. I note from Amy’s call to YCB on
that day that the Bank wanted an undertaking that ST would cover the Bank’s
losses. Otherwise, it would “close out the entire position”. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

Defendant’s Bundle of Transcripts, p 196.

That night, Amy e-mailed ST and YCB at 11.52pm to inform them in writing that
the “current position is in closed out as the portfolio is in negative equity”
and requested a top-up of the Account soonest.

81 At about 4pm of 22 October 2008, Amy, on behalf of the Bank, sent an e-mail
to ST and YCB informing them that “the portfolio is in negative equity” and
advised that the shortfall was in excess of US$30,288,400. Attached to the
e-mail was the margin call letter. It reads as follows:

NOTICE FOR MARGIN CALL – ACCOUNT NO. 128882

Please note that the Collateral provided by you or other collateral
provider(s) to the Bank is no longer sufficient to meet the Required Margin in
respect of your obligations. As at 21 October 2008, there is a shortfall of
USD30,288,400/-. Please also note that this shortfall amount may suffer
additional increases without further notice to you.

Pursuant to Clause 11.5 of Section 2 and Clause 4(1) of Section 5 of the
Account Terms and Conditions, we kindly ask you to immediately deposit
additional Collateral or, if applicable, terminate or deal with transactions
booked in your account, in each case in order to restore the Required Margin.

This notice and any action the Bank or you may take in furtherance of this
notice shall not prejudice the Bank's right at its sole discretion to (i)
request further Collateral, (ii) change the level of Required Margin; (iii)
realise any part of all of the Collateral without further notice or consent,
and/or (iv) terminate or otherwise deal with any or all transactions booked in
your accounts. Any balance owing to the Bank as a result of any action
referred to in this paragraph will remain your exclusive liability.

Capitalised terms have the meaning defined in UBS Account Terms and
Conditions.

82 In a subsequent call between Amy and YCB, Amy requested an action plan. YCB
informed her that the decision on the Account had to be made by ST. YCB told
Amy that he was no longer in a position to decide for ST. Amy informed YCB
that it was not possible for her to wait until the next day for an action
plan. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

Defendant’s Bundle of Transcripts, p 213.

Amy then decided to call ST. This brings me to the 1710hrs Call. ST
acknowledged at trial that the issuance of the margin call letter was a
“serious development [in relation to the Account].” 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

Transcript dated 9 April 2015, p 84.

83 In the 1710hrs Call, Amy started the conversation by informing ST that if
the entire Account was liquidated, there would still be a shortfall which
needed to be covered and that the Bank that “[had] the right at any time right
now to close out the entire Account”. Amy informed ST that the Bank had not
given instructions and hence was not yet at the position where it would close
out the Account; however, she stressed the importance of ST reverting to her
with an action plan by the end of that day. He was to inform her whether: (a)
he was able to support the Account through shares or cash; or (b) he was
giving the Bank “liberty to sell down the portfolio”. It was made clear to ST
that when liberty was given to the Bank to sell, it would sell until it felt
comfortable with the state of the Account. ST informed Amy the following: (a)
for a start, he would agree to the Bank selling his Barclays shares and, as
for the sale price, the Bank was to “do the best under the circumstances”; and
(b) he would call and meet YCB and either one of them would revert with ST’s
action plan. The transcript of the telephone call discussed the following 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

16AB 219

:

Stanley But. Yah. I mean I will need your help and Cheng Boon’s help to manage
and warn me about what is the status. How to you know. I mean what happens.
Let’s just say, let’s just we sell we everything, sell everything right---

Amy Ok

Stanley ---and then er since I have got a few minutes, I chat with you on
it---

Amy Mm

Stanley ---and then you are short of 12 million or whatever right---

Amy Ok

Stanley ---and then does the 12 million then er also wipe out the house or the
house is there.

Amy The house is there.

Stanley So okay. So then we then go through the process of liquidating the
house and cover your 12. Or I find money to cover the 12. Right.

Amy We typically will give you time to cover the 12.

84 The scenario which was discussed between ST and Amy above related to the
liquidation of the entire portfolio viz, the sale of the Collateral Shares and
the unwinding of the Accumulators. ST was therefore seeking more information
on the consequences that would flow from giving the Bank the liberty to
liquidate the portfolio. ST then heard from Amy that the Bank wanted to
liquidate the portfolio in the afternoon that day as an action plan from ST
was not forthcoming. She also informed him that the Bank wanted to sell his
Barclays shares for a start if there was no action plan. At this point, ST
reacted by asking Amy to sell off all his Barclays shares with his agreement.
30

##### Foot Note 30

×

16AB 220.

ST informed Amy that he and YCB would figure out the rest. The relevant parts
of the transcript are as follows:

Stanley Ya. I think for a start ah.

Amy Ya

Stanley Tell them to sell off Barclays. At least with my agreement, …. I think
it is only fair lah. I think it is only fair.

Amy Ok.

Stanley Ya lah. Tell them to sell off Barclays

Amy We sell off Barclays ah.

Stanley Ya. Ya.

Amy Okay. So I will take that first. As first step to sell off the entire
Barclays.

Stanley Ya ya. And then tonight we will figure out the rest. I mean, then at
least ah. Ya let’s work something out lah.

Amy Okay.

Stanley Okay.

Amy Okay. Do you want me? Can I proceed now to sell off Barclays first?

Stanley Proceed to sell off Barclays.

Amy Okay. So I will sell off Barclays now average is 2.39.

Stanley Ah

Amy let me ask them to sell on best effort to close the position for Barclays
tonight.

Stanley Ya lah. Yah

Amy Ok.

Stanley Too bad. Too bad.

Amy Alright.

Stanley Thanks Amy.

Amy Okay. No problem. Talk to you later. Bye.

85 During the 1710hrs Call, ST made clear that either he or YCB would revert
to Amy with an action plan. ST was also completely aware of the steps that
would flow from giving the Bank the liberty to sell down his entire portfolio
(including the Accumulators). Amy substantially narrowed the scope of any
“plan” ST had to revert to her by the end of the day to two options: (a)
whether he was able to support the Account through shares or cash; or (b)
whether he was giving the Bank “liberty to sell down the portfolio”. There was
no third option set out by Amy.

86 This takes me to the 22 October 2008 Meeting. The cast of characters of
this meeting is small. Only YCB and Amy attended this meeting. The meeting
took place at a café at Bukit Timah. While both parties agree that the meeting
took place on the night of 22 October 2008, each alleges that it took place at
different times. Nothing turns on the precise timing of the meeting. I note
that the meeting took place after YCB spoke to ST.

87 The parties have put before this court divergent accounts of what happened
at the meeting. I will start with Amy’s evidence. I pause to note that Amy’s
evidence throughout the trial was concise and firm. She was composed and
assured throughout the cross-examination and her account of events was at the
very least internally consistent with her written testimony and the
documentary evidence referred to therein. Amy’s recollection was that the
meeting was set up so that YCB could communicate ST’s anticipated plan of
action to her. Her evidence in this regard was that YCB told her that ST
decided to close out the entire Account. Amy said she was surprised at ST’s
decision as, prior to this, she thought that ST would have produced cash or
shares to top-up the Account. Amy also stated that she discussed with YCB the
unwinding of the Accumulators. She also asked YCB several times if he would
like to manage the liquidation of the portfolio; YCB declined, preferring to
let the Bank manage the liquidation.

88 ST’s version of events at trial was that he did not instruct YCB to convey
any action plan during the 22 October 2008 Meeting. He saw no need to come up
with an action plan because he thought he still had time. What brought about
this belief that he still had time is curious and inexplicable in light of the
1710hrs Call that showed his full understanding and promise to convey an
action plan to Amy that same night. It was also clear that Amy told ST that
she would wait for his response and there was no doubt that ST appreciated the
gravity of the situation.

89 I now move on to address YCB’s version of events. I note at the outset that
YCB’s testimony was not helpful at all. He had no memory of what was said
during the 22 October 2008 Meeting save for some unimportant matters. His
evidence at trial was that he met with Amy to discuss “general market things”.
31

##### Foot Note 31

×

Transcript dated 15 April 2015, p 147.

He stated that he could not remember if he discussed ST’s portfolio with Amy.
Yet Mr Ng submitted in closing submissions that YCB and Amy had a “general
discussion about market outlook and ST’s portfolio, including possible actions
which ST and the Bank could take respectively.” 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

ST’s Closing Submissions, para 105 (a).

90 YCB went so far as to claim that he did not even know that Accumulators
could be unwound. I have already rejected YCB’s evidence on this matter. It is
obvious from the Margin Call Response E-mail that he and Amy talked about
liquidation of the portfolio at the 22 October 2008 Meeting, which was no
ordinary meeting. As I alluded to earlier, YCB replied to Amy’s e-mail
attaching the margin call letter. The Margin Call Response E-mail was sent
after the 22 October 2008 Meeting and it was copied to ST, Ms Yeong and Mr
Cavalli. Significantly, the Margin Call Response E-mail was sent as a reply to
the margin call letter of 22 October 2008. It was not the last e-mail sent by
the Bank such that YCB was conveniently using the last e-mail thread to reply
the Bank. There was another e-mail sent by the Bank to YCB after the margin
call letter. The Margin Call Response E-mail therefore unequivocally sets out
ST’s position in relation to the margin call letter. The contents of the
Margin Call Response E-mail are as follows: 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

4 AB 967.

Hi Amy,

We entrust UBS to sell the shares in a professional and orderly manner. In a
reasonable time frame, without depressing the price unreasonably, especially
on illiquid stocks such as Cdl nccps, United Engineers, Lmir, etc.

Regards,

Cheng Boon

91 I make three points. First, YCB and ST’s asserted at trial that the Margin
Call Response E-mail could only be construed to mean that ST agreed to the
Bank selling the shares in his portfolio (ie, the Collateral Shares) and not
to the unwinding of the Accumulators. This concession is consistent with one
reading of YCB’s response in the Margin Call Response E-mail stating that “we
entrust” the Bank to sell the shares. Reference to shares in the Margin Call
Response E-mail, on ST's testimony, encompassed all the shares in the Account
including the shares that were accumulated under the Accumulators. I pause
here to remind that ST accepted that shares accumulated under the Accumulators
also formed part of the collateral in the Account. The use of the words “we
entrust [the Bank] to sell” conveys the meaning in the context of the
background facts that ST gives responsibility for the sale of the shares to
the Bank.

92 Second, the Margin Call Response E-mail goes further than YCB and ST’s
assertion at trial. When viewed in the context where ST and YCB had no other
plan, the inexorable conclusion is that ST had, through YCB, agreed in the 22
October 2008 Meeting and the Margin Call Response E-mail to the Bank
liquidating ST’s portfolio and closing out the Account including the
Accumulators. This conclusion is buttressed by ST and YCB’s utter lack of
protest or surprise whilst the Accumulators were being unwound on 23 and 24
October 2008. If, as YCB and ST now say, the Margin Call Response E-mail was
limited to the Collateral Shares and not Accumulators, it is inexplicable
that, and there is no satisfactory answer as to why, YCB did not object and
try to halt the unwinding of the Accumulators when Amy’s assistant, Clara,
spoke to YCB on 23 October 2008 at 9.44am and informed him that the Bank would
start selling the shares and unwinding the Accumulators. This call preceded
the selling of the shares and the unwinding of the Accumulators. YCB did not
deny receiving Clara’s call but had simply no recollection of what the call
was about. Notably, it is not his evidence that he objected to the unwinding
of the Accumulators during the telephone call. YCB’s inability to recall what
was discussed did nothing to refute Clara’s evidence on the nature of the call
and what was conveyed to him. Clara’s evidence contradicted YCB’s evidence
that he only learnt of the unwinding after receiving Clara’s e-mail on 23
October 2008 at 6.51pm.

93 Third, the clincher here is an e-mail sent almost a year later by YCB on 29
October 2009. In that e-mail YCB stated in no uncertain terms that his
instructions in the Margin Call Response E-mail were applicable to both the
shares and the Accumulators (“the Concession E-mail”). I reproduce the
relevant portions of the Concession E-mail: 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

8 AB 2340.

UBS had always advised us when we do accumulator and or decumulator that UBS
need to hedge at least 50% of the volume before it can be done. As an example,
if we want to do a 12 months accumulator with 1 time gearing and 10,000 shares
daily delivery, UBS will need to hedge by buying from the market about 1.25m
shares (50% of 10,000 shares x about 250 trading days) before the order for
10,000 shares can be achieved. In the case of decumulator, UBS will need to
have the stock of the 1.25m shares on hand before the order can be taken and
final order that we can achieved is then still dependant on UBS being able to
sell into the market the 1.25m shares.

It is thus inconceivable from the representations of UBS from the past that
all outstanding accumulators were unwound by UBS within just TWO days. And
even if it had been unwound by UBS, it was done in an unprofessional manner
and in manner that not is not orderly nor reasonable, contrary to my [Margin
Call Response Email] of 23 October 2009 0004 hour (re-produced below after the
end of this email) to Amy Tee and cc to Phick Fui and Benjamin Cavalli.

[emphasis added in underlined bold italics]

94 The Margin Call Response E-mail when read with the Concession E-mail (see
[93] above) makes it abundantly clear that YCB’s assent to the Bank
liquidating the Account related not only to the Collateral Shares but applied
also to the Accumulators. YCB’s attempt in cross-examination to simply claim
that the Concession E-mail was a mistake, a position he had never taken until
then, is neither believable nor persuasive.

95 I return to the e-mails that Amy sent to her colleagues at the Bank after
the 22 October 2008 Meeting. The contents of the e-mails resonate with that of
the Margin Call Response E-mail, and evinced what YCB and Amy must have
discussed and ST’s consent to closing out his entire Account. The first e-mail
was sent to the Bank’s trader, Mr Koh Kong-Guan (“Mr Koh”) and Mr Braeggar at
1.15am on 23 October 2008. In that e-mail, Amy informed Mr Koh that “[ST] has
decided to liquidate his entire portfolio” and the shares in the Account were
to be sold and the Accumulators were to be unwound. She also sent an e-mail to
her assistants Ms Elmira Vadamana (“Elmira”) and Clara at 1.42am on 23 October
2008. Amy had to brief Elmira and Clara in the e-mail as she was travelling to
Japan the next morning. In that e-mail, she asked Elmira and Clara to give
their “urgent attention” to the closing out of the Account.

96 After sorting out the procedure that would have to be adopted for the
liquidation of ST’s portfolio, Amy went on to update the senior management of
the Bank and summarised the 22 October 2008 Meeting and the decisions made by
YCB thereat in an e-mail sent at 1.53am on 23 October 2008 (“Summary E-mail on
22 October 2008 Meeting”). At trial, Amy gave evidence that the Summary E-mail
on 22 October 2008 Meeting was exactly what happened in the 22 October
Meeting. The contents of the Summary E-mail on 22 October 2008 Meeting are set
out below: 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

DCB 293.

Met with client this evening to evaluate the close out position and client has
decided to allow the bank to liquidate the entire portfolio. Client has come
to realise that there is [sic] no more fundamentals left and no reason to hold
on to the shares and do [sic] not want to put any more good money to bad. He
understands that there may be negative equity after selling the entire
portfolio and would like to deal with the mode of repayment once the
liquidation has been crystallized.

I have instructed DAC to proceed with the liquidation as per other email to
[Mr Koh] who is client's DAC account manager. [Mr Braeggar], would appreciate
if you could help guide [Elmira] and [Clara] on the speed required for the
liquidation especially for the less liquid stocks and [the Accumulators]. As I
will be away tomorrow, [Elmira] and [Clara] will cover for me.

[emphasis added]

97 I pause to note that the Summary E-mail on 22 October 2008 Meeting is
largely consistent with the Margin Call Response E-mail, where YCB expressly
entrusted the Bank to sell of the shares, and the 1710hrs Call, where ST
enquired if he would be given time to cover any negative equity once his
losses are crystallised after the liquidation of the Account. I also note from
the transcripts of the conversation between YCB and Amy in the days preceding
the liquidation of the Account that YCB repeatedly expressed the view that
“there were no more fundamentals” in the market at that point of time. This
sentiment is also indicative of the lack of sustainability of the loans for
margin trading and why ST and YCB decided on the exit instructions on the
night of 22 October 2008.

98 At trial, Clara testified that Amy had also called her either in the night
of 22 October 2008 or the early hours of 23 October 2008 to inform her of
YCB’s instructions to the Bank in the 22 October 2008 Meeting. Clara also
mentioned that Amy informed her that ST wanted to liquidate the Account as he
did not want to top-up the Account.

99 I must point out that in my analysis of the events following the unwinding
of the first batch of Accumulators in the morning of 23 October 2008, there
was never any protest by either ST or YCB then, and at any point thereafter
(even during negotiations in relation to the Work Out Agreement), to the
Bank’s unwinding of the Accumulators or that they were unwound without giving
them the ISDA Notice. Most of the unhappiness raised by them was about the
sale of certain Collateral Shares that were not so easily traded and hence
considered as “illiquid” (see [102] below).

100 On 23 October 2008, Clara called YCB at 9.40am to inform him that the Bank
would be selling the shares and unwinding the Accumulators. It is not YCB’s
evidence that he protested to the unwinding of the Accumulators.

101 At the close of the day, Clara sent YCB an e-mail to update him on the
trades executed in relation to the Account. Of interest is the fact that eight
of the 16 Accumulators were unwound on 23 October 2008 and the Unwinding Costs
were S$10,935,500. I note that YCB did not call or send any e-mail to protest
to the unwinding of the Accumulators. YCB and ST kept silent and allowed the
Bank to unwind the remaining Accumulators on 24 October 2008. At trial, ST
suggested that he had called Ms Yeong to protest the unwinding of the
Accumulators. The Bank was not able to refute this allegation as Ms Yeong has
since passed away. However, I am left with no doubt that there was in fact no
protest to the unwinding of the Accumulators as ST and YCB had agreed to it.
The fact is that YCB expressed his unhappiness with the manner in which some
of the Collateral Shares were sold on 24 October 2008. By the same token, YCB
could and would have sent an e-mail if he felt that the Accumulators were
being unwound without the consent of ST. The fact of the matter is that there
was no protest by ST or YCB to the unwinding of the Accumulators. All in all,
the conduct of ST and YCB is consistent with the existence of the exit
instructions, and I so hold.

102 As noted, on 24 October 2008, the Bank continued to unwind the rest of the
Accumulators and sold more of the shares in the Account. In relation to those
Accumulators, the Unwinding Costs were S$14,526,300. YCB was separately
unhappy with the way two of the Collateral Shares viz, LMIR and Bukit
Sembawang (“the Illiquid Shares”), were sold and felt that the Bank was
depressing the prices of those counters. He therefore sent an e-mail to Mr
Cavalli and Amy at 8.18pm on 24 October 2008 stating this and also indicated
the prices on his screen for all the shares that were sold that day and the
Accumulators (“the Share Price E-mail”).

103 At the close of 24 October 2008, even after selling the shares in the
Account and unwinding the Accumulators, there was still a shortfall of about
US$6.7m. Amy replied to the Share Price E-mail on 27 October 2008. She
informed YCB that the Bank was doing its best given the illiquidity of the
Illiquid Shares. YCB replied to this e-mail on 28 October 2008. In his e-mail,
he informed Mr Cavalli and Amy that he felt that the way the Illiquid Shares
were sold was not appropriate. He then requested the Bank to suspend the sale
of shares on 28 October 2008, as he felt it was “not a right day to sell
[shares]”. 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

DCB 361.

Amy thereafter replied to the e-mail. In the e-mail, she apologised to YCB and
stated that the Bank could not accede to his request unless ST provided a cash
top-up of US$6.7m to address the shortfall in the Account. 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

DCB 366.

104 Notably, notwithstanding ST’s argument that he was in a position to
salvage the entire Account including the Accumulators, ST did not put up
US$6.7m to suspend the sale of shares for one day. It is noted from a
subsequent wealth management call report filed by Amy, in relation to a call
with YCB on 28 October 2008, that YCB was “disappointed over the rejection of
[the request to suspend the sale of shares]” and because Ms Yeong could not be
reached when ST or YCB sought to contact her on that day. 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

DCB 377.

It thus became clear that the reason why Ms Yeong was contacted was to seek
her assistance in obtaining a suspension of the sale of the Collateral Shares.

105 The New E-mails discovered after the trial confirmed that ST and YCB did
not protest to the unwinding of the Accumulators. One of the New E-mails was
sent by ST on 25 October 2008 to YCB after YCB sent the Share Price E-mail. I
reproduce the e-mail in full: 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

DBNE 13.

How much left and balance of loans? Anyway of working out or too hard at this
stage? Thanks for managing this.

106 ST was asking in the above e-mail whether the Bank would enter into a work
out agreement with him in relation to his outstanding liabilities. The tone of
the ST’s e-mail also was inconsistent with a long-term investor who was
“extremely surprised” 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

ST’s AEIC, paras 66 – 68.

or “shocked” at the Accumulators being unwound. YCB replied to this e-mail. In
his reply, he highlighted that there might be a possibility that Mr Freddie
Tan’s assets might be affected when the Bank decides to address the negative
equity in the Account. 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

DBNE 13.

107 This lack of protest is stark and the silence is consistent with my
reading of the Margin Call Response E-mail (with the Concession E-mail). I am
satisfied that the agreement to unwind the Accumulators must have been formed
during the 22 October 2008 Meeting. In this regard, I accept the evidence of
Amy. Amy’s detailed e-mails following the 22 October 2008 Meeting are
consistent with her Account at trial that YCB informed her that they were
letting the Bank liquidate the Account as they did not wish to top up the
Account with any cash of shares. Amy’s evidence was also corroborated by
Clara’s testimony. In my view, the totality of the evidence before me strongly
supports the Bank’s case that ST gave his consent to the Bank to sell the
Collateral Shares and unwind the Accumulators in the Account.

108 While I find that ST had pursued Option 2 on the weight of the evidence, I
also wish to make the point that ST would not have sat back and allow a forced
sale by the Bank. Indeed, there is clear evidence that ST wanted to avoid a
forced sale. ST’s sentiment must be viewed in light of the fact that ST had,
one month earlier, reminded YCB that their financial position had to be
managed gingerly as they “need[ed] all the banks”. As noted at [57] above, ST
was conscious of the fact that he needed all the Banks to be on board in order
for him to tide through the crisis. As at 20 October 2008, an Australian bank
had withdrawn part of the facilities which allowed ST to draw down for
personal use. A further forced sale by the Bank would have plausibly
exacerbated the situation. I therefore agree with the Bank’s submissions that
it would be relevant to the other bankers of ST if the Bank force-sold his
assets as it might have triggered a series of cross-default clauses. However,
I am not left only with the Bank’s submissions on this point. It was also ST’s
evidence at trial that it would be relevant whether the Bank sold his assets
pursuant to a forced sale.

109 ST also did admit that the last thing that he would have wanted in a
situation where banks were withdrawing facilities from him without giving
reason was to make the banks nervous of his financial position. I also point
out that ST did allude to “other considerations” (primarily relating to his
status in society and reputation) that would factor in any decision he takes
in relation to the Account because of his role as a full-time volunteer.

110 These additional points only serve to reinforce my conclusion that ST
selected Option 2 and focussed on repayment of liabilities. As stated, there
was an e-mail dated 25 October 2008 from ST to YCB that focussed precisely on
repayment (see [105] above).

111 In light of the above, I find that ST had given exit instructions the Bank
to sell the Collateral Shares and unwind the Accumulators through YCB in the
22 October 2008 Meeting and had confirmed those instructions in the Margin
Call Response E-mail sent by YCB. This option that he had selected imminently
made sense given the circumstances at the material time.

Amy’s alleged mistake

112 Mr Ng submits that Amy misread and misunderstood the Margin Call Response
E-mail as instructions from ST to liquidate his entire portfolio. Amy then
sent off three e-mails to other officers of the Bank leaving her instructions
for the liquidation of ST’s portfolio.

113 Initially, ST said in cross-examination that Amy acted fraudulently when
she wrote to her superiors informing them that ST had agreed to liquidate his
entire portfolio. ST cannot seriously believe in the truth of his testimony
given that he continued to use Amy as his relationship manager after she left
the Bank for another. ST subsequently changed his story to suggest that Amy
must have been mistaken that he had agreed to liquidate his entire portfolio.
He tried to suggest reasons for this mistake: that Amy was prone to making
mistakes; that she was under tremendous pressure to revert to the Bank with
ST’s plan of action; that she was rushing as she was about to go on vacation;
and that her mistake was in thinking that the Margin Call Response E-mail was
a confirmation from ST that he wanted to liquidate his entire portfolio
including his Accumulators. In sum, her mistake arose from “misinterpreting”
the Margin Call Response E-mail. I have already commented that the Margin Call
Response E-mail does not bear out ST’s case theory. I find the assertion of a
mistake on Amy’s part to be fanciful and ST’s suggested reasons for the
mistake to be entirely speculative. Amy sent out several e-mails after the 22
October 2008 Meeting, and judging from the contents and syntax, the e-mails
were well composed with little or no typographical errors to reveal tell-tale
signs of the sender’s haste and stress.

114 Mr Kumar makes the point in his reply submissions that the allegation of
Amy’s mistake was made up. At the trial, Mr Ng put to Amy that she realised
her “mistake” and made up her account of the 22 October 2008 Meeting after the
suit started, but later changed ST’s case in closing submissions to assert for
the first time that Amy realised her mistake “shortly after” the Bank
proceeded with the liquidation of the Account. In short, his version was not
the case put to Amy in cross-examination.

115 This allegation of Amy’s mistake does not sit well with the evidence. At
the trial, ST and YCB maintained that the Margin Call Response E-mail could
only be construed to mean that ST gave the Bank the right to sell all the
shares in his portfolio (ie, the Collateral Shares but not the Accumulators).
The position taken at trial contradicts the e-mail sent to the Bank by YCB on
29 October 2009 (ie, the Concession E-mail). In this e-mail, YCB told the Bank
that the Margin Call Response E-mail referred to the Collateral Shares and the
Accumulators. Accordingly, there is hardly any cogent evidence to support ST’s
contention that Amy was mistaken when she informed the Bank that ST had agreed
to close off the Account by selling the Collateral Shares and unwinding the
Accumulators.

116 ST’s further contention is that when the Bank realised Amy’s mistake, it
nonetheless continued to liquidate ST’s portfolio by treating it as a forced
close out. I make two points. First, even if, for the sake of argument, there
was an operative mistake that led to the unwinding of the Accumulators, I
agree with Mr Kumar that the Bank would be entitled to unwind the Accumulators
without issuing the ISDA Notice pursuant to the CSNL Enforcement Procedure. I
will be discussing the CSNL Enforcement Procedure at [136] below.

117 Second, as regards the position that ST had called Amy and Ms Yeong on 23
October 2008 to complain about the Bank’s liquidation of the Account without
waiting for ST to come back with a plan and that the Bank had by then realised
Amy’s mistake, I note that ST did not at any time follow up with a formal
protest to stop the liquidation after he failed to speak to Ms Yeong directly.
The most natural thing to do – which he omitted to do – would be to e-mail the
Bank to stop the liquidation. A reasonable person in his position would have
done that, especially when his S$100m portfolio was being closed out by
mistake and without his authority.

118 Mr Kumar rightly commented that since YCB could not remember what was
communicated to Amy viz, the details of their discussion during the 22 October
2008 Meeting, ST would be hard pressed to challenge and contradict Amy’s
version of what transpired at the 22 October 2008 Meeting.

ST’s investment strategy

119 Mr Ng submits that ST had no reason to agree to a “wholesale liquidation”
of his entire S$100m portfolio with the Bank, or the unwinding of the
Accumulators by the Bank. ST’s grouse is that the Bank’s insistence that he
reverted between 5.10pm (ie, the time of the 1710hrs Call) and the next
morning with his plan of action for a portfolio of S$100m was “really unfair”.
42

##### Foot Note 42

×

Transcript dated 9 April 2015, pp 103 – 104, pp 146 – 149.

ST also maintains that it would not be logical for him to allow the Bank to
close out his entire portfolio. He said: 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

Transcript dated 9 April 2015 pp 134 – 136.

A: … [i]n that period, not getting back for a few hours in that financial
turmoil is not bizarre at all. It’s very normal. It’s very normal. You take
time and you think about it. In fact, if I have come back in a few hours,
probably I’m being very careless.

120 Mr Ng submits that given ST’s relationship with the Bank, ST was assured
by Amy that the Bank would not foreclose his position even if he took a few
days to get back to them. ST believed he had time because the Bank was still
talking to him, and Amy had told him that the Bank had not come to a point
where it was giving instructions to close out the Account. ST also said that
he was under the impression that the Bank would still give him a term loan. In
the premises, Mr Ng argued that the Bank was wait for ST’s plan of action in
relation to his portfolio.

121 I find no merit in ST’s argument that it was factually not possible for
him to have agreed to liquidate the portfolio as he had a dinner function to
attend on the night of 22 October 2008 and that, because he was a
sophisticated investor with a long-term view, he would not have agreed to
liquidate his entire portfolio including the Accumulators. In particular, as
of 22 October 2008, his portfolio had a market value of S$107,352,497.05. As
regards ST’s argument here, I make a few points. First, contrary to what ST
wants this court to believe (ie, that he would not agree to liquidate his
entire portfolio on 22 October 2008), I find that ST was most clearly alive to
the prospect of liquidating his entire portfolio well before the margin call
letter was issued on 22 October 2008. ST had started to deleverage the Account
after he stopped topping up the Account with cash or further shares ie, on 7
October 2008. I highlight that ST had sold his shares in Singapore Post,
Singapore Press Holdings and/or DBS on 13, 14, 15, 16, 17, 20, 21 and 22
October 2008. The cumulative value of the shares sold during the
aforementioned dates amounted to S$30,127,260. The shortfall in the Account at
the end of 13 October 2008 stood at about S$36.8m. In the 1710hrs Call, ST
agreed on the spot to sell all his Barclays shares. Deleveraging had not
managed to stem or kept pace with the margin shortfall.

122 Second, there was an argument raised by ST that it did not make strategic
sense for him as a long-term investor to agree to the unwinding of the
Accumulators, as unwinding them would result in him realising the hitherto
unrealised Unwinding Costs. There are two problems with this ex post facto
argument. The first problem is that it assumes that ST had a choice and that
he did have liquid assets to salvage the Accumulators. In reality, if he were
to salvage any part of the Account (ie, the Accumulators), he needed to come
up with a plan to address the entire margin shortfall of S$43.2m. Second, ST
did not have the liquid assets to do so, and it made eminent sense for ST to
draw a line under his losses and focus on repaying his Total Liabilities.

123 Notably, the Bank had been asking ST for a plan for some time. Between 8
and 22 October 2008, Amy was in contact with YCB to follow up with ST for a
plan to resolve the shortfall. By 21 October 2008, the Account went into
negative equity. On 22 October 2008, during the 1710hrs Call with ST, Amy
asked ST for his plan. The Bank was still willing to listen to ST’s proposal
because, at that time, the Bank still wanted to see if ST had devised a plan
to save his portfolio. Clearly, ST never asked about the availability of the
term loan in his conversation with Amy in the 1710hrs Call, nor did he ask the
Bank for time; instead, he decided to sell his Barclays shares for a start and
promised to revert later in the night with his decision on the plan of action.

124 Curiously, it appears from ST’s testimony that he expected the Bank to
wait indefinitely in a volatile market for his plan of action: 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

Transcript dated 9 April 2015, p134.

Q: Mr Tan, the bank was giving you until that night to change their minds.
That was the whole point, wasn’t it? The margin call letter had come at
4.00pm, you agreed the Barclays shares would be sold, and Amy says, “Tell me
you plan tonight, then I can hold them off, wait” and the bank was giving you
until that night to change their minds with a formal plan. So what other
formalities were you requiring or were you expecting from the bank?

A: That, your Honour, they wait for me to come back with a plan. That’s what
I’m expecting. Yes, it may not have come by that night, but I would assume the
years of relationship and the performance and the size of the account and the
complexity of it.

Q: Right, so was your instruction to Mr Yeo for him to go to the bank and ask
for more time to come up with a plan? … Ms Tee was waiting for a plan that
night. You discussed the matter with Mr Yeo. You instructed Mr Yeo to contact
Ms Tee. So was your instruction to Mr Yeo to go back to Ms Tee and ask for
more time to come up with a plan?

A: The short answer is no ….

Q: Mr Tan, I am asking you …

A: I am saying I did not tell Mr Yeo to share my plan with Amy. …

125 Mr Ng further argues that if ST had wanted to liquidate his entire
portfolio, ST would have: (a) gone to meet Amy or other senior bank officers
to negotiate the time frame over which the liquidation was to take place as
well as the time accommodation he would get to repay the crystallised losses;
(b) requested an estimate of the losses which would be crystallised based on
the market opening prices of shares on 23 October 2008; and (c) wanted YCB to
manage the liquidation by “controlling which counters to sell for the day, the
volume of each counter to be sold, and to make strategic decision to withhold
selling on certain days where the market was not performing as well.” 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

ST’s Closing Submissions, para 152.

All these three points described by Mr Ng would have been ST’s ideal
liquidation strategy where market volatility is minimal and, above all, the
luxury of time was on his side. Besides, during the 1710hrs Call, ST talked
about selling everything in the Account (ie, the Collateral Shares and
Accumulators) and queried Amy on his losses and what would happen to the
Tanglin Property in that scenario. I reproduce the transcript of the
conversation: 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

16 AB 219

Stanley … Let’s just say, let’s just we sell we everything, sell everything
right---

Amy Ok

Stanley ---and then er since I have got a few minutes, I chat with you on
it---

Amy Mm

Stanley ---and then you are short of 12 million or whatever right---

Amy Ok

Stanley ---and then does the 12 million then er also wipe out the house or the
house is there.

Amy The house is there.

Stanley So okay. So then we then go through the process of liquidating the
house and cover your 12. Or I find money to cover the 12. Right.

Amy We typically will give you time to cover the 12.

…

126 As noted from the 1710hrs Call, liquidating his entire portfolio was an
option that ST was considering, and he wanted information on the consequences
of taking that option. 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

Bank’s Closing Submissions, para 152.

Mr Kumar argues that ST is trying to now deny that he took the option of
liquidating the entire Account when he actually did so on 22 October 2008. The
1710hrs Call was not the first time the option of liquidating the entire
Account was discussed. Rather, there were similar discussions on various
occasions between ST/YCB and the Bank between 13 and 21 October 2008.

127 Mr Kumar makes the point that ST’s strategy at that time was to exit the
portfolio in the absence of a term loan from the Bank. This submission is
based on ST's disclosure made during Mr Kumar’s cross-examination of ST : 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

Transcript dated 8 April 2015, pp156 – 158.

A: Correct, your Honour, but we have also disputed already at that point some
of those non-loanable values, like the UE shares and so on. We already, prior
to this, questioned: how do they arrive at their calculation on the OTC
margin? We have never fully mutually agreed on what’s the answer, but we have
already moved on, where I have already given them a position that I want a
term loan, or I don’t want to continue in the margin account.

Q: Right. You –

A: So it’s in the context of –

Q: Sorry, you want the term loan or you don’t want to continue the margin
account?

A: I – as I said, my management of the portfolio is dependent on
sustainability of the loan.

Q: No, Mr Tan, you didn’t say that. You said, and I want to be accurate with
you, that you want the term loan, and I think you said you don’t want to
continue with the margin account. That’s what you said.

A: Yes, I did say that … I mean … okay. This … you are very good.

Q: That’s exactly the point, Mr Tan, isn’t it? This is why we are here today.

A: Your Honour, I feel like the counsel is saying my whole life is within UBS.
I’m saying how I manage UBS does not necessarily mean how I managed the full
portfolio. And surely, to just narrow it down like this is inaccurate
description of how I would act according to my portfolio. So I am very clear
with UBS at that point already, in fact months before that, I cautioned
against market volatility, that the only way forward is to manage it on a
sustainable basis, otherwise deleveraging was my proposed idea in the first
place. But as a bank they want a large account. They don’t want a small
account you know? And the way I take the approach is that overall it must be a
sustainable portfolio. The whole life of managing a portfolio like this is to
be able to survive in a situation exactly like that.

Q: Mr Tan, you can’t wriggle out of this one. We have your answer. You see,
you can talk about all your other portfolios. We are not interested in that. I
am interested in what you were going to do with this account with UBS, and we
have established and it is quite clear, I put it to you, that if it’s not the
term loan, get out. That was your strategy. If you don’t get the term loan,
you get out of the account.

A: Again, I can accept the counsel’s phrasing of that if his definition of
getting out, your Honour, is that I will manage it somewhere else. Out of UBS
does not get out of the portfolio.

[emphasis added]

128 As Mr Kumar correctly argues, ST would not be able to make an exit with
his portfolio intact without first paying off the Bank. I also note ST’s
evidence that the management of the portfolio is dependent on his ability to
manage the loans in a sustainable manner. In this case, after selling all the
shares in the Account, ST would have to put up fresh assets as collaterals to
hold on to the Accumulators, which would have elevated MTM margin requirements
in a falling market. In this sense, his notion of holding on to the
Accumulators to wait for an upswing in the market ignores an important
dimension viz, that he would need fresh liquid assets to support the
increasing MTM losses of the Accumulators. On the evidence, ST was hard
pressed to put up US$6.7m to suspend the sale of the Illiquid Shares.

129 I now come to Mr Ng’s submissions that to a sophisticated investor like
ST, market risk may not be a bad thing for his options were: (a) to hold on to
the Accumulators and wait for the “inevitable” price rise; or (b) to unwind
the Accumulators and eliminate the market risk, but crystallise his losses at
S$25,461,800. Mr Ng argues that a long-term investor like ST would have chosen
the first of the two options because if he liquidated the Accumulators, he
would suffer an immediate loss of S$25,461,800, but if he waited, he would
have been better off as the market could turn in his favour. The premise of
his argument is that ST's investment time horizon was long term, making ST
different from those who sold during the October 2008 financial crisis.
Needless to say, the contention that ST would have chosen to hold on to the
Accumulators is based on speculative optimism, not evidence.

130 The reality remains that October 2008 was a time of unprecedented and
extreme turmoil in the global financial markets, and the higher the level of
volatility, the greater the downside. Against this backdrop and in the context
of ST’s financial well-being, the arguments that ST now makes – that he would
be “careless” to liquidate his entire portfolio worth S$100m – are illusory
and hallow in light of the concession he made at the trial on his agreement to
sell the Collateral Shares. I pause here to point out that ST’s position prior
to the concession made at trial was completely the opposite. ST’s affidavit
filed in support of the Pre-Action Discovery Application, almost two years
after YCB’s contemporaneous e-mails, stated categorically that he did not
agree to the sale of the Collateral Shares and the unwinding of the
Accumulators on 22 October 2008, or at any time thereafter. This denial
continued and found its way into the pleadings and his Affidavit of Evidence-
in-Chief. ST's evidence is that his concession made at trial was limited to
the fact that he agreed to the sale of the Collateral Shares only; it is still
his case that he did not agree to unwind the Accumulators.

131 ST’s concession at trial exposes the flaw in his argument that he would
not have agreed to close out a portfolio worth over S$100m without giving it
more thought. First, it is worth noting that ST’s expert, Prof Ho, confirmed
in his AEIC that the Collateral Shares were in fact all the shares in ST’s
Account that were worth over S$100m. Second, there is no credence to ST’s
claim that it would have been “unfair” and indeed “careless” of him to make a
snap decision to close out his entire Account between 5.10pm of 22 October
2008 (ie, the time of the 1710hrs Call) and the next morning. The point here
is that by his concession at trial, he did decide to sell the Collateral
Shares worth over S$100m, and his decision was confirmed in writing to the
Bank via the Margin Call Response E-mail.

132 A sale of the Collateral Shares would address the margin shortfall only,
and certainly not the MTM losses which continued to increase especially where,
as in this case, the Strike Price of the Accumulators was higher than the
market price of the underlying shares that ST was obliged to buy under the
Accumulators. As Mr Kumar rightly observed, the concern is that if the
Accumulators run their full course, ST would have to continue to accumulate
shares at a price that is higher than the market price. I agree with Mr
Kumar’s observation that by holding on the Accumulators, ST “would be digging
a deeper hole for himself”. Not only would he have to keep injecting fresh
assets (which he did not have) to maintain the margin on the Accumulators, he
would have to continue borrowing to pay for the shares being delivered under
the Accumulators and paying a price for those shares far higher than their
market value.” 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

Bank’s Closing Submissions, para 300.

Even if the Bank granted ST time to wait for the market to turn in his favour,
the issue of unaddressed MTM losses does not fall away. ST would have to
address the increasing MTM losses (which is reflected in the MTM margin)
unless there is termination and unwinding of the Accumulators. With the market
deteriorating on a daily basis, the MTM losses (and margin) would increase and
ST would have to provide more collateral. He would have to keep pumping in
liquid asset, which he did not have to begin with, into the account.

133 For all the reasons stated above, Mr Ng’s contention that ST could have
chosen to hold on to the Accumulators and wait for the “inevitable” price rise
makes no sense and is a fallacy. This contention also assumes that ST would
have cash or assets to sustain the Account to keep the Accumulators running.
Mr Ng’s view of matters is that ST needed only to pay S$12.2m to cover the
negative equity (as proposed by Amy) following which the Bank promised to
allow ST more time to: (a) deleverage by selling other Collateral Shares in
his Account; and (b) provide the Bank with other assets as collateral to
address the margin shortfall. Mr Ng’s argument rested on the premise that the
shares accumulated before the expiry of the Accumulators would recover from
their battering as they were largely blue chip shares. I make three points.
First, the suggestion to ST to cure the negative equity was made by Amy in an
attempt to assuage the Bank’s fear that ST was not doing something to address
the negative equity in the Account. Second, ST did not offer, let alone
inject, cash or assets to address the negative equity at any time. Third,
based on Prof Ho’s analysis, ST did not have the cash or unencumbered shares
to make good the negative equity on 22 October 2008.

134 Given the state of ST's overall finances, once the decision to sell the
Collateral Shares was taken, the logical thing that an experienced, savvy and,
at the material time, illiquid investor like ST would do is to stop the MTM
losses from ballooning. He would have to unwind the Accumulators and eliminate
any further market risk but, at the same time, crystallise his losses at
S$25,461,800. He knew from Amy that he will be given time to satisfy that
liability as was the case here. To emphasise, the whole point of unwinding the
Accumulators was to crystallise ST’s liability and focus on repayment. I make
the point that drawing the line under his losses would (and did) salvage ST
from bankruptcy as what remained was for him to work out a schedule for
repayment. Exposing himself to further market risk might have left ST in an
irreparable financial state. ST chose the former and his choice was well-made.

Conclusion on the existence of the oral agreement

135 For the reasons stated, I hold that ST agreed to not only the sale of the
Collateral Shares but also to the unwinding of the Accumulators through YCB on
22 October 2008. My finding is reinforced by ST’s conduct and that of YCB
during 23 and 24 October 2008. As stated, I find ST’s inaction to be conduct
that is consistent with the existence of the exit instructions. The Bank
unwound eight of Accumulators on 23 October 2008 and the remaining eight were
unwound on 24 October 2008. YCB was informed of the unwinding on 23 and 24
October 2008. ST’s argument that Amy misread the Margin Call Response E-mail
in informing the Bank to unwind the Accumulators does not sit well with the
fact that there was no query and protest on 23 October 2008 by ST and/or YCB
in relation to the unwinding of the Accumulators. The complaint on 24 October
2008 had to do only with the way the Illiquid Shares were being sold. Nothing
was done to stop the unwinding of the remaining Accumulators on 24 October
2008. All in all, the exit instructions were premised on a mutual termination
and, on the evidence, are clearly supported by sufficient consideration at
law.

CSNL Enforcement Procedure giving the Bank the right to unwind the
Accumulators without issuing the ISDA Notice

136 Having reached the conclusion that the unwinding of the Accumulators was
agreed to by ST, and that the unwinding of the Accumulators on 23 and 24
October 2008 was done pursuant to the exit instructions, it is not really
necessary to decide on the issue of the ISDA Notice. However, given the
submissions by counsel and the evidence of the ISDA Experts on the ISDA Master
Agreement and its inter-relationship with the Account Agreement, I propose to
highlight a few points in this Judgment.

Overview

137 The 2006 ISDA requires notice to be given in order for an accumulator to
be unwound. I reproduce the provisions relating to the ISDA Notice that have
been highlighted by ST’s counsel, Mr Ng:

6\. Early Termination

(a) Right to Terminate Following Event of Default. If at any time an Event of
Default with respect to a party (the "Defaulting Party") has occurred and is
then continuing, the other party (the "Non-defaulting Party") may, by not more
than 20 days notice to the Defaulting Party specifying the relevant Event of
Default, designate a day not earlier than the day such notice is effective as
an Early Termination Date in respect of all outstanding Transactions. If,
however, "Automatic Early Termination" is specified in the Schedule as
applying to a party, then an Early Termination Date in respect of all
outstanding Transactions will occur immediately upon the occurrence with
respect to such party of an Event of Default specified in Section
5(a)(vii)(1), (3), (5), (6) or, to the extent analogous thereto, (8), and as
of the time immediately preceding the institution of the relevant proceeding
or the presentation of the relevant petition upon the occurrence with respect
to such party or an Event of Default specified in Section 5(a)(vii)(4) or, to
the extent analogous thereto, (8).

(b) Right to Terminate Following Termination Event.

(i) Notice. If a Termination Event occurs, an Affected Party will, promptly
upon becoming aware of it, notify the other party, specifying the nature of
that Termination Event and each Affected Transaction and will also give such
other information about that Termination Event as the other party may
reasonably require.

…

138 The events of default in relation to s 6(a) of the 2006 ISDA are set out
in s 5(a) of the 2006 ISDA and Part 5 of the 2006 Schedule. If required, the
Bank, on a balance, would have to issue a notice under s 6(a) of the 2006 ISDA
because of the existence of either a credit support default (s 5(a)(iii) of
the 2006 ISDA), or a deterioration of margin to a level not acceptable to the
Bank (s 5(a)(xiii) of the 2006 ISDA read with Part 5 of the 2006 Schedule).

139 There is another termination event viz, the “Additional Termination
Event”, that is perhaps relevant to the present discussion. I note from Part 1
of the 2006 Schedule that an Additional Termination Event constitutes “an
issue of Notice by [the Bank] to [ST]”. The Notice is in turn a document in
writing that “[the Bank] may at any time at its absolute discretion” issue to
ST to designate an Early Termination Date to terminate all or any part of all
or any Transaction. It is also noted that for the purposes of the Additional
Termination Event, ST is the only Affected Party. Therefore, the relevant
provision in relation to the issuance of notice for an Additional Termination
Event is not that set out in s 6(b)(i) of the ISDA, but is actually that set
out in Part 1(h) of the 2006 Schedule which states as follows:

Additional Termination Event. The following shall constitute an Additional
Termination Event:

For the purpose of Section 5(b)(v) of this Agreement, Party A may at any time
and at its absolute discretion, by notice in writing (“Notice”) to Party B,
designate an Early Termination Date to terminate all or any part of all or any
Transaction (the “Relevant Transaction”).

The issue of the Notice by Party A to Party B shall constitute an “Additional
Termination Event” under Section 5(b)(v) of this Agreement, where:-

(i) the Relevant Transaction shall be the only Affected Transaction; and

(ii) Party B shall be the only Affected Party.

140 It is worth noting at the outset that the provisions relating to notice in
s 6(a) of the 2006 ISDA and Part 1 of the 2006 Schedule (“ISDA Notice
Provisions”) are both framed permissively in that they both suggest that the
Bank may give notice. I will elaborate on this aspect of the provisions in due
course.

141 I now come to the 2008 ISDA that allows for termination without notice.
The relevant clause (“the Without Notice Clause”) states as follows:

1h. Additional Termination Event will apply. The following shall constitute an
Additional Termination Event:

…

ii. The termination by Party A, without prior notice, of all or any part of
all or any outstanding Transactions (“Relevant Transactions”). For the
purposes of this Additional Termination Event, the Relevant Transactions shall
be Affected Transactions and Party B shall be the only Affected Party.

If the Additional Termination Event in Part 1(h)(ii) above shall occur, an
Early Termination Date in respect of the Relevant Transactions will be deemed
to have occurred immediately upon the termination by Party A of such
Transactions.

Hierarchy of clauses

142 The Bank’s ISDA expert, Mr Henderson, has published a textbook entitled
Henderson on Derivatives (LexisNexis, 2nd Ed, 2012) (“Henderson on
Derivatives”). Mr Henderson opined in para 16.2 therein that the ISDA Master
Agreement could be viewed as an “umbrella” agreement for a series of
unspecified transactions that might be entered into in the future. The ISDA
Master Agreement itself does not impose on the parties an obligation to enter
into transactions. The parties can, subsequently, either orally or in writing,
agree to enter into transactions. In both cases, there would have to be
“documents and other confirming evidence” to appropriately confirm each
transaction that was entered into between the parties. Such a confirming
document is defined in the preamble to the ISDA Master Agreement as “a
Confirmation”.

143 Accordingly, there are three documents that are relevant to any
transaction: the standard printed provisions in the body of the ISDA Master
Agreement, the Schedules and a Confirmation. The hierarchy in relation to the
consistency between these three documents is set out in s 1(b) of the 2006
ISDA which provides as follows:

In the event of any inconsistency between the provisions of any Confirmation
and [the ISDA Master Agreement] (including the Schedule), such Confirmation
will prevail for the purpose of the relevant Transaction.

144 The contractual elevation of the Confirmation, as a matter of hierarchy,
makes entire commercial sense as the parties may wish to provide for special
and other additional terms in the Confirmation to reflect their obligations
and rights in their overall contractual relationship. Indeed, the ISDA Master
Agreement allows parties to do this by way of the Schedules or the
Confirmation. The Confirmation is, however, most flexible as it allows parties
to work on their arrangements on a transaction-by-transaction basis.

145 Given this hierarchy of clauses, it makes sense to study the parties’
relationship first from the view point of the Confirmations in relation to the
Accumulators. I have earlier referred to them as the Accumulator
Confirmations. I propose to analyse whether the parties through the
Accumulator Confirmations have contemplated and included, through the legal
mechanism of contractual incorporation of clauses by reference, an additional
clause in the 2008 CSNL that provides for a right to terminate transactions
without notice. If such a right is incorporated in the Accumulator
Confirmations, ST’s arguments in relation to the ISDA Notice Provisions all
fail in limine as he would have agreed to give the Bank the right to terminate
without notice in a document that contractually ranks higher than the 2006
ISDA and the 2006 Schedule. I would then move on to consider whether there is
any “inconsistency” between the rights the Bank had given itself to unwind the
Accumulators under, inter alia, 2008 CSNL and other documents on the one hand
(which I have termed as “the CSNL Enforcement Procedure” (see [174] below))
and the ISDA Notice Provisions. I would lastly consider if the Without Notice
Clause is applicable to any of the Accumulators.

The Confirmation incorporates the right to unwind the Accumulators without
notice

146 I will briefly set out the law in relation to the incorporation of a
clause into another contract by reference before applying it to the present
facts.

The law on incorporation of a clause by reference

147 Mr Ng cites cases including the decision of the Court of Appeal in
International Research Corp PLC v Lufthansa Systems Asia Pacific Pte Ltd and
another [2014] 1 SLR 130 (“Lufthansa Systems”) as highlighting the general
approach that the court should take in deciding whether a clause from one
contract had been incorporated by reference into another contract.

148 In Lufthansa Systems, Lufthansa Systems Asia Pacific Pte Ltd (“Lufthansa”)
and Datamat Public Company Ltd (“Datamat”) entered into an agreement where
Lufthansa was to supply, deliver, and commission a new maintenance, repair and
overhaul system to Datamat. The system provided by Lufthansa was a component
part of the overall system that Datamat had contracted to provide Thai
Airways. This was referred to as the “Cooperation Agreement for Applications
and Services Implementation” (“the Cooperation Agreement”). The said agreement
included an arbitration clause (“the Arbitration Clause”). After Datamat ran
into financial difficulties, Lufthansa insisted on ceasing work. Lufthansa,
Datamat and International Research Corporation PLC (“IRC”) entered into
supplemental agreements (“the Supplemental Agreements”) where Datamat would
transfer monies it received from Thai Airways to IRC and IRC would in turn pay
Lufthansa. The parties also agreed that the monies owed to Lufthansa will be
deducted directly from IRC’s bank accounts. After payment disputes arose
between the parties, Lufthansa filed a notice of arbitration naming Datamat
and IRC as respondents. IRC argued before the arbitral tribunal that it was
not a party to the arbitration agreement as the Arbitration Clause was not
incorporated in the Supply Agreements. The arbitral tribunal ruled that it had
jurisdiction over IRC. IRC applied to the High Court to set aside that
determination. The application was dismissed by the High Court and IRC then
appealed to the Court of Appeal.

149 The Court of Appeal noted (at [34]):

We agree. The strict rule [that clear and express reference to an arbitration
clause was required before it could be satisfactorily incorporated into
another contract] has been overextended impermissibly from its original
application in the context of bills of lading and charterparties. It clearly
should not be taken as a rule of general application. The question in general
is one of construction: did the parties intend to incorporate the arbitration
agreement in question by referring, in their contract, to it or to a document
containing it? In our judgment, the analysis of whether a particular case is a
“one contract” or a “two-contract” case as that notion has developed in
English law, while possibly useful in some aspects, is not helpful for our
purposes. It is ultimately a matter of contractual interpretation; and in
undertaking this exercise, as we held in Zurich Insurance ([12] supra), the
task is one which must be done having regard to the context and the objective
circumstances attending the entry into the contract. As the Judge rightly
noted, “[b]e it incorporation or construction, the court is always seeking to
ascertain the parties’ objective intentions” (see the Judgment at [48]).

150 To give context, I set out what is meant by “one contract” and “two
contract” cases with reference to the decision of the English High Court in
Habaş Sinai Ve Tibbi Gazlar Isthisal Endüstri AŞ v Sometal SAL [2010] Bus LR
880 (“Habaş Sinai”). The “one contract” cases are as follows (Habaş Sinai at
[52]):

(1) A and B make a contract in which they incorporate standard terms. …

(2) A and B make a contract incorporating terms previously agreed between A
and B in another contract or contracts to which they were both parties.

151 The “two contract” cases are as follows (Habaş Sinai at [52]):

(3) A and B make a contract incorporating terms agreed between A (or B) and C.
…

(4) A and B make a contract incorporating terms agreed between C and D. Bills
of lading, reinsurance and insurance contracts and building contracts may fall
into this category..

152 The so called strict rule in English law was that a stricter standard
should apply to the “two contract” cases such that clear and express reference
to an arbitration clause was required before it could be satisfactorily
incorporated into another contract (“the strict rule”). The Court of Appeal
has noted that the strict rule should not be taken as a rule of general
application under Singapore law. However, in my view, the strict rule remains
relevant in the context of bills of lading and charterparties where it was
originally applied. The decision of the Court of Appeal well accommodates this
qualification. A proper pronouncement on this point after full arguments is
best reserved for a future forum.

153 The Court of Appeal also held (at [34]) that the question of incorporation
by reference is a matter of contractual interpretation. It took the view that
the court should in undertaking this exercise have regard to the context and
the objective circumstances attending the entry into the contract in
accordance with the approach in Zurich Insurance (Singapore) Pte Ltd v B-Gold
Interior Design & Construction Pte Ltd [2008] 3 SLR(R) 1029.

154 Ultimately, the Court of Appeal ruled (at [49]) that the Arbitration
Clause had not been incorporated because there was, inter alia, no sufficient
overlap between the obligations covered in the Supplemental Agreements and the
Cooperation Agreement. This and other factors pointed to the conclusion that
the parties did not intend to incorporate in the Supplemental Agreements the
Arbitration Clause.

155 Indeed, an overlap of obligations between the two contracts would be in
some circumstances a very important factor that the court would have to
consider in deciding whether a clause had been incorporated.

Application to the facts

156 Each of the Accumulator Confirmations in relation to the Accumulators
entered into by ST and the Bank states as follows:

Collateral

[ST] shall provide to [the Bank] on or before the Trade Date such collateral
to secure [ST’s] obligations under the Transaction as set out in the [CSNL] as
amended from time to time, the Transaction being within the OTC equity and
index options trading facility granted pursuant to the CSNL. …

[emphasis added].

157 The above quoted words in italics provide the link or reference point that
draws the rights in the 2008 CSNL to the Accumulator Confirmations. The effect
of the Accumulator Confirmations is to clearly recognise that ST and the Bank
are not purely derivatives counterparties and that ST is drawing under the OTC
facility granted to him pursuant to the most recent version of the CSNL viz,
the 2008 CSNL (see [38] above). The Accumulator Confirmations also makes the
Accumulators a transaction “within” the CSNL.

158 The next step is the inquiry is to ascertain what the relevant rights in
the 2008 CSNL are. I wish to particularly highlight cl 5.6 in the 2008 CSNL:

…

Additional collateral shall be deposited with the Bank if at any time the
Initial Margin amount less any loss and/or marked-to-market unrealised loss of
the relevant transaction(s) falls below the Top Up Margin. If (i) such
Collateral is not deposited with the Bank upon the Bank making a margin call
or (ii) the Initial Margin amount plus the loanable value if any additional
collateral provided less any loss and/or marked-to-market unrealised loss of
the relevant transactions falls below the Close Out Margin, the Bank has the
unrestricted right (but not the obligation) to sell or otherwise realise (as
the case may be) the Collateral or to conclude such transaction to close out
the relevant transactions and offset all proceeds net of expense against any
outstanding amount, losses and costs resulting from such close out. The Client
would be responsible solely and shall bear all losses and costs, whatsoever
and howsoever, in respect of such close out and/or actions referred to above.
The Client undertakes to remit immediately to the Bank an amount to cover any
and all shortfall.

[emphasis added].

159 Clause 5.6 of the 2008 CSNL gives the Bank the unrestricted right to do
two things when there is a MTM loss in a transaction that causes the
deterioration of margin below the Bank’s requirements under the 2008 CSNL and
additional collateral is not deposited:

(a) to sell or realise the collateral that has already been deposited; or

(b) to close out any transactions which give rise to such losses.

160 The question that I have to answer is whether ST and the Bank intended to
incorporate, inter alia, an unrestricted right to close out any of the
Accumulators if there is a MTM loss that causes the deterioration of margin
below the Bank’s requirements under the 2008 CSNL and ST refuses to provide
additional collateral (“the 2008 CSNL Without Notice Right of Termination”) in
the Accumulator Confirmations.

161 Applying the approach in Lufthansa Systems, I find significant overlap
between the obligations of ST in the 2008 CSNL and the Accumulator
Confirmations. Both the documents require ST to provide collateral to support
the Accumulators purchased. A necessary corollary of and the flipside to the
obligation to provide collateral under the 2008 CSNL is the Bank’s right to
terminate transactions pursuant to the 2008 CSNL Without Notice Right of
Termination if ST does nothing to address an MTM loss and that loss causes the
deterioration of margin below the Bank’s requirements under the 2008 CSNL. In
the process of stating in no uncertain terms that ST was obliged to provide
collateral under the 2008 CSNL, the Accumulator Confirmations also declare the
Accumulator as a “Transaction” within the OTC facility in the 2008 CSNL. This
cross-referencing also shows very clearly that the Without Notice Right of
Termination in the 2008 CSNL is incorporated into the Accumulator
Confirmations. It makes absolutely no commercial sense for the parties to
incorporate the obligation to provide collateral without incorporating the
corresponding right of termination viz, the 2008 CSNL Without Notice Right of
Termination.

162 In the present case, ST and the Bank were not just derivative
counterparties. There concurrently existed between them a lender-borrower
relationship by reason of, inter alia, the OTC facility. It appears to me that
the parties therefore intended that the Accumulator Confirmations should be
used to align the rights of the Bank as lender in the 2008 CSNL to the
Accumulators as that reflected the reality of the parties’ relationship where
ST was borrowing money from the Bank to buy the Accumulators. When the parties
decided that the Accumulators were “Transactions” within the CSNL, they
further recognised the position of the Bank as lender and ST as borrower.
Therefore, I am satisfied that the parties commercially intended to extend the
rights of the Bank in the 2008 CSNL as lender to the Accumulators.

163 This hook, so to speak, coupled with the identical obligation to provide
collateral in the 2008 CSNL and the Accumulator Confirmations, in my view,
unequivocally evinces that the parties intended to incorporate the 2008 CSNL
Without Notice Right of Termination, which attaches to the obligation to
provide collateral, into the Accumulator Confirmations. The effect of the
Accumulator Confirmations incorporating the 2008 CSNL Without Notice Right of
Termination is that the Bank could close out any of the Accumulators if there
is a MTM loss that causes the deterioration of margin below the Bank’s
requirements under the 2008 CSNL and ST refuses to provide additional
collateral.

164 The ISDA Notice Provisions found in the 2006 ISDA (at [137] above) suggest
that there is a need for the ISDA Notice to be given before the Bank can
unilaterally terminate any transaction. However, as the parties had stipulated
that the Accumulator Confirmations were to rank ahead of the body of the 2006
ISDA and the 2006 Schedule, the incorporation of the 2008 CSNL Without Notice
Right of Termination into each Accumulator Confirmation has, therefore, the
effect of elevating it over any other right in the 2006 ISDA and the 2006
Schedule.

165 Having found that the parties had agreed to incorporate the 2008 CSNL
Without Notice Right of Termination into the Accumulator Confirmations, the
Bank would have nevertheless the right to unwind the Accumulators without
issuing the ISDA Notice to ST (as it did) even if this right was inconsistent
with the ISDA Notice Provisions. I will explain (at [167] – [200] below) why
there is no inconsistency between the 2008 CSNL Without Notice Right of
Termination and similar rights of without notice termination in other
documents (which I have termed below as “the CSNL Enforcement Procedure” (see
[174] below)) on the one hand and the ISDA Notice Provisions in the 2006 ISDA
on the other.

166 I will address the parties’ arguments on whether there is any
inconsistency between the CSNL Enforcement Procedure and the ISDA Notice
Provisions in the 2006 ISDA before turning to the other question, namely,
which of the Accumulators are governed by the 2008 ISDA such that the Without
Notice Clause applied.

There is no inconsistency between the CSNL Enforcement Procedure and the ISDA
Notice Provisions

167 This was the most important point of law that the ISDA Experts gave
evidence on. Both experts took different positions in relation to the Bank’s
ability to rely on its rights in documents other that the ISDA Master
Agreement. It is unclear if this point is as controversial as it has been
presented to be. The ISDA Experts readily agreed that ST and the Bank could
agree independently to terminate the Accumulators by way of a separate
agreement. There was no argument that the terms of that separate oral
agreement, that is to say, to unwind the Accumulators without the need for a
requisite notice, would be inconsistent with the 2006 ISDA. It is thus unclear
as to exactly why Mr Ross takes the position that any additional right to
terminate that is derived from another mutual agreement would be inconsistent
with the 2006 ISDA. Such rights would only be additional rights that the
parties had agreed on. I note that Mr Ross makes many corollary arguments
which, with respect, are not relevant to the issue that is to be decided.
Therefore, for the purposes of this section, I deal only with the main
arguments.

The Bank had the right to unwind under the CSNL Enforcement Procedure

168 The ISDA Experts said that the ISDA Master Agreement (ie, the 1992 ISDA
Form) was designed for use in wholesale markets between corporate entities.
Therefore, the ISDA Master Agreement was not drafted with individual
counterparties in mind. Consequently, substantial amendments and additions
needed to be made should the ISDA Master Agreement be used by individual
counterparties.

169 The ISDA Experts also agreed that the ISDA Master Agreement was a
standalone agreement unless otherwise agreed between the parties. If so agreed
between the parties, the ISDA Master Agreement would form part of the overall
contractual relationship between parties.

170 I first refer to cl 1 of section 2 of the Account T&Cs (General Conditions
of the 2008 Account Agreement). The definition of the term “Securities” there
includes “all derivatives” over, inter alia, equities. It is undisputed that
the Accumulators were derivatives over equities. This definition must then be
read with cl 1.8 of section 3C of the same, which states as follows:

The Client shall charge all the Securities deposited with the Bank from time
to time as Collateral for the discharge of the Total Liabilities. The Bank
shall not be obliged to release any of the Securities unless the Total
Liabilities have been fully paid and discharged. If the Client fails fully to
pay the Total Liabilities due to the Bank upon demand, the Bank may, without
prior notice to or consent from the Client, sell or dispose of all or part of
the Securities in such manner as it thinks fit and apply the net proceeds
received, after payment of all expenses incurred, towards discharge of the
Total Liabilities.

171 I also note that pursuant to cl 1 and 2.1 of Account T&Cs (Charge over
Assets), the Accumulators (which fall within the definition of “Securities”)
were to be “Charged Assets” that were to be charged to the Bank by ST. I also
highlight that cl 6.1 of section 5 of the Account T&Cs (Charge over Assets)
states as follows:

If:

…

e. a Default Event occurs in respect of any of the Facilities made available
to the Borrower, the Bank shall be entitled to enforce this Charge and may,
without prior notice to the Chargor, retain, apply, realise, sell or otherwise
dispose of all or any part of the Charged Assets and apply the proceeds
thereof in or towards the discharge of the costs thereby incurred and of the
Secured Indebtedness in such manner as it in its absolute discretion thinks
fit.

172 The Accumulators were purchased by ST on a margin basis using the credit
facilities under the CSNL. I have already concluded in [163] above that the
Accumulator Confirmations incorporate the 2008 CSNL Without Notice Right of
Termination.

173 Lastly, I also note cl 2(d) of section 6 of the Account T&Cs (Risk
Disclosure Statement) and it states as follows:

d. If the Bank, in its absolute discretion, determines that the margin cover
is inadequate at any time, the Bank may take such action as the Bank in its
sole discretion deems fit, including without limitation:

i. calling upon the Client at short notice to provide such additional
Collateral as is determined by the Bank in its sole discretion. This amount
may be substantial and may exceed the amount originally committed as initial
margin;

ii. realising such part or all of the Collateral as the Bank deems necessary
to satisfy the liabilities of the Client without notice to or consent from the
Client or the party providing the Collateral; and/or

iii. closing out, liquidating, setting off (notwithstanding that any of the
same has not yet matured), realising or otherwise dealing with any or all
outstanding Transactions (whether or not any additional loss may thereby
arise) by such time and by such means or in such manner as the Bank in its
sole discretion thinks appropriate without notice to or consent from the
Client. In the event the Transactions are liquidated at a loss and the loss
exceeds the aggregate margin deposited, the Client will be liable for any
shortfall.

174 The rights set out at [170] – [173] above that flow from the 2008 Account
Agreement and the 2008 CSNL have been collectively referred to as the “CSNL
Enforcement Procedure” by Mr Henderson.

175 The entire agreement clause in s 9(a) of the 2006 ISDA, read with Part
5(b)(vii) of the 2006 Schedule(“the Entire Agreement Clause”) states:

Without prejudice to the Account Agreement entered into by Party B with Party
A comprising the Account Mandate and Terms and Conditions and all other
documents executed ancillary or in connection thereto, including any Security
Document and Services Document (as such terms are defined in the Terms and
Conditions) (collectively referred to herein as the "Account Agreement") which
shall continue to be in full force and effect, this Agreement constitutes the
entire agreement and understanding of the parties with respect to its subject
matter and supersedes all oral communication and prior writings with respect
thereto. Provided that if there are inconsistencies between the Account
Agreement and this Agreement, this Agreement will govern.

176 I also note that all the Accumulator Confirmations also make reference to
ST’s obligations to provide collateral under the CSNL and the Charge Over
Assets. Additionally, the Accumulator Confirmations make clear that:

[ST] shall provide to [the Bank] on or before the Trade Date such collateral
to secure [ST’s] obligations under the Transaction as set out in the [CSNL] as
amended from time to time, the Transaction being within the OTC equity and
index options trading facility granted pursuant to the [CSNL]. …

177 As the 2006 ISDA read with the 2006 Schedule expressly operates without
prejudice to the 2008 Account Agreement and the Accumulator Confirmations
expressly recognise the 2008 CSNL and, flowing from that, the 2008 CSNL
Without Notice Right of Termination, the only argument that logically remains
to be resolved is whether there is any inconsistency between the rights set
out in the CSNL Enforcement Procedure and the 2006 ISDA (with reference to the
ISDA Notice Provisions). I point out that this exercise is entirely academic
as, even if there was such inconsistency, the 2008 CSNL Without Notice Right
of Termination that is incorporated in the Accumulator Confirmations would
prevail.

178 The position Mr Ross took in his expert report is as follows: 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

Mr Ross’ AEIC, p 53(Mr Ross’ Report, Schedule 6, para 6.10(l)(x)(B)).

… Put another way, the enforcement rights that the Bank had in the 2006
Account Agreement and in the February 2008 CSNL, for failure to maintain
margin in relation to the Accumulators do not prevail in relation to the
Accumulators as they are inconsistent with the 2006 ISDA. …

[emphasis in original].

179 Put another way, Mr Ross accepts that the CSNL Enforcement Procedure
applies to the Accumulators, but it does not prevail against the 2006 ISDA
because they are inconsistent with the ISDA Notice Provisions. However, I note
that Mr Ross took another position when he made the following additional
points at trial:

(a) the CSNL Enforcement Procedure cannot be derived from the CSNL alone;

(b) the documents which set out the CSNL Enforcement Procedure only give the
Bank the right to exercise its rights under the ISDA Master Agreement;

(c) an Accumulator does not constitute a Collateral or a Charged Asset under
the 2008 Account Agreement or the Charge Over Assets respectively; and

(d) the Entire Agreement Clause is only intended to preserve the disclaimers
in the 2008 Account Agreement.

180 I propose to deal with the pertinent points only. I begin with the wording
of cl 5.6 of the 2008 CSNL (see [158] above), which states clearly that the
Bank would have the right to close out any transaction (which includes
Accumulators) without notice. At trial, Mr Ross agreed that on a literal
interpretation, the Bank would have a right to close out the Accumulators
without notice via the 2008 CSNL: 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

Transcript dated 6 May 2015, p 72.

MR KUMAR: So let's take it step-by-step. So you agree there is a business or
commercial purpose for the bank wanting to give itself the right to close out
without notice, we are agreed on that?

MR ROSS: I am agreed on that.

MR KUMAR: The bank gave itself that right -- reading the CSNLs strictly, the
bank gave itself that right and the customer agreed to that, every time it
signed the CSNL.

MR ROSS: Literally that is correct.

MR KUMAR: So when the bank included that right in the 2008 ISDA master
agreement, and we can talk about whether it successfully incorporated it but
assuming it successfully incorporated it, the bank gave itself the right in
2008, it was giving itself a right which it already had in 2006 by way of the
CSNLs. There was nothing different the bank was not giving itself additional
rights?

MR ROSS: No, not necessarily, I agree with that.

MR KUMAR: So as Mr Henderson rightly says, what the 2008 amendment does in
relation to closing out without notice is really to align the ISDA agreement
with rights the bank already has in its other documents; wouldn't you agree
with that?

MR ROSS: I agree that is what the bank does. It doesn't change my opinion or
my advice to the court.

181 The “advice to the court” was simply that the court should not adopt a
literal interpretation of the words in the 2008 CSNL. Mr Ross suggested that
an “iterative” approach adopted in England should be used in the
interpretation of the 2008 CSNL and all rights comprising the CSNL Enforcement
Procedure. In Mr Ross’s submissions, the iterative approach – which requires
the court to check each of the rival meanings against other clauses in the
document, and investigate the commercial consequences – must be adopted to
ensure that the words of the contract are interpreted in a manner that
conforms to business common sense. Mr Ross cited a series of English cases.
The principal case he relied on was Rainy Sky SA v Kookmin Bank [2011] 1 WLR
2900 (“Rainy Sky”).

182 In that case, Lord Clarke noted (at [23]) that “[w]here the parties have
used unambiguous language, the court must apply it”. He also observed as
follows at [21]:

The language used by the parties will often have more than one potential
meaning. I would accept the submission made on behalf of the appellants that
the exercise of construction is essentially one unitary exercise in which the
court must consider the language used and ascertain what a reasonable person,
that is a person who has all the background knowledge which would reasonably
have been available to the parties in the situation in which they were at the
time of the contract, would have understood the parties to have meant. In
doing so, the court must have regard to all the relevant surrounding
circumstances. If there are two possible constructions, the court is entitled
to prefer the construction which is consistent with business common sense and
to reject the other.

[emphasis added in italics and bold italics]

183 In Rainy Sky, the UK Supreme Court analysed the role business common sense
in construing the intention of the parties as reflected in the terms of the
contract. The court there had to interpret a certain clause in an advance
payment bond. That clause was capable of two meanings. The buyer and the bond
issuer in that case each advanced a rival interpretation. The court held that
it ought to adopt the interpretation which was most consistent with business
common sense. Ultimately, the buyer’s construction was to be preferred because
it was consistent with the commercial purpose of the advance payment bond; on
the other hand, the bond issuer’s construction was not. Rainy Sky and other
English decisions relating to contractual interpretation were recently
considered by the Court of Appeal in Y.E.S. F&B Group Pte Ltd v Soup
Restaurant Singapore Pte Ltd (formerly known as Soup Restaurant (Causeway
Point) Pte Ltd) [2015] SGCA 55 (“Soup Restaurant”). The Court of Appeal took
the view (at [57]) that the approach to the construction of the bond in Rainy
Sky, which has also been advanced in other English decisions, is consistent
with principles that underpin contractual interpretation in Singapore law.
That is to say, the task of the court in interpreting a provision in a
contract, particularly a commercial contract, is to determine what the parties
meant by the language used, and that involves ascertaining what a reasonable
person, with all the background knowledge that was available to the parties,
would have understood the parties to have meant. As the Court of Appeal in
Soup Restaurant put it (at [35]), while text as well as context is important
and depending on the facts of the case, text and context often interact with
each other. In Soup Restaurant, the contractual text was ambiguous and the
court therefore considered the context to determine the reasonable and
probable expectations that the parties would have had. However, the Court of
Appeal issued a salutary warning that this approach could not be utilised as
an excuse by the court concerned to rewrite the terms according to what the
court thinks the result ought to be in the case at hand. A commercially
sensible interpretation based on business common sense may not always save the
day if the objective evidence shows a nexus between the absurd consequences on
the one hand and the intention of the parties at the time of contracting on
the other.

184 Notably, the wording in cl 5.6 of the 2008 CSNL is unambiguous and it
clearly provided the Bank with a right to close out the Accumulators such that
there is no further need to assess what “business common sense” would demand
in this context. In any case, “business common sense” would equally lead to
the same conclusion for the following reasons:

(a) The ISDA Master Agreement has to be interpreted in a manner that allows
parties to customise their rights by amending the relevant agreement or by way
of separate agreements. This must be the case as the ISDA Master Agreement
often forms part of a broader transaction relationship. The Bank and ST are
not only counterparties in a derivatives transaction but are also, for
example, Chargor and Chargee in relation to the Charge Over Assets.

(b) The Bank’s ability to engage contractually outside the ISDA Agreement is
specifically recognised in the Entire Agreement Clause in s 9(a) of the 2006
ISDA. It is therefore not possible to argue that the contracting parties would
have expected the provision giving the right to close out the Accumulators to
reside only in the 2006 ISDA and nowhere else when s 9(a) of the 2006 ISDA
itself envisages, inter alia, that such a right may both exist in other
agreements and be exercisable.

185 I note that Mr Ross makes two further points:

(a) the CSNL Enforcement Procedure is not complete and therefore should not
apply; and

(b) the Entire Agreement Clause only preserves some but not all of the rights
in the Account Agreement.

186 In relation to the first point, Mr Ross accepts that even though the CSNL
Enforcement Procedure was less detailed than the procedure for closing out in
the 2006 ISDA, terms may be implied in fact to deal with post–termination
matters such as valuation method.

187 In relation to the second point, Mr Ross took the view that the without
prejudice language in the Entire Agreement Clause “intended objectively to
preserve the exclusions and disclaimers that are contained in the Account
Agreement”. 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

Transcript dated 6 May 2015, p 43.

In the absence of a clear reason why the court should even consider his
strained interpretation, I prefer Mr Henderson’s views on the entire agreement
clause:

MR HENDERSON: I agree that the entire agreement clause should be strictly
construed. I also believe that an amendment or alteration of it should be
analysed on what it says. I do not see how you can say without prejudice to
the account agreement and all of these other documents is to some limited part
of those documents. I mean it's picking and choosing. It says it's without
prejudice to these documents.

In our joint report, the agreed bit, an ISDA form can be part of a broader
transaction or relationship between the parties. The applicable account
agreement, the applicable charge over assets, the applicable CSNL accordingly
form part of the overall contractual relationship. Why is it just the
exculpatory clauses that are referred to here? Further, and I think when we
talk about what the subject matter of this agreement is, it is transactions.
Does that include the close-out provisions? Yes. Are the close-out provisions
very important? Yes. It just doesn't go to the point.

188 In light of the above, my view is that the CSNL Enforcement Procedure
found in the 2008 Account Agreement and 2008 CSNL are applicable to the
Accumulators. I now turn to analyse whether the CSNL Enforcement Procedure,
which allows the unwinding of the Accumulators without giving notice, is
inconsistent with the ISDA Notice Provisions in the 2006 ISDA.

CSNL Enforcement Procedure is not inconsistent with the 2006 ISDA

189 Before examining if there is any inconsistency between the CSNL
Enforcement Procedure and the 2006 ISDA, I propose to set out the law in
relation to inconsistent terms in a contract. The cases I will refer to deal
with inconsistencies within a contract. However, I am of the view that they
apply with equal force in relation to various terms that are contained within
contracts that form the overall relationship between the parties. The possible
objection to this would be that this approach does not account for the fact
that the parties may have attached greater significance to one or more of
those contracts. Such an objection is misguided seeing that the question of
hierarchy of clauses only arises after it has been resolved that there indeed
is an inconsistency between the clauses.

The legal principles applied in other jurisdictions

190 There is no Singapore case that is directly on point. I therefore propose
to review the decisions in other jurisdictions.

191 I would start with the decision of the Privy Council in Yien Yieh
Commercial Bank Ltd v Kwai Chung Cold Storage Co Ltd [1989] 2 HKLR 639 (“Yien
Yieh”). In that case, the Privy Council had to analyse if an exemption clause
in a contract was inconsistent with a clause in the contract that imposed a
positive obligation to deliver goods only on surrender of a godown warrant or
against a delivery order (“Positive Obligation Clause”). It was argued that to
give effect to the exemption clause in circumstances where no godown warrant
or delivery order had been surrendered was to deprive the Positive Obligation
Clause of all effect. The Privy Council (by a majority) rejected that
interpretation. It held (at 645) that the Positive Obligation Clause must be
sensibly read as doing no more than indicating the requisite document to be
presented by the bailor when requesting redelivery. Lord Goff who delivered
the judgment of the majority was of the opinion that it was preferable to give
the Positive Obligation Clause this construction as opposed to one that would
produce a direct conflict. His Lordship also set out a general principle (at
645):

… to reject one clause in a contract as inconsistent with another involves a
rewriting of the contract which can only be justified in circumstances where
the two clauses are in truth irreconcilable. ... where the document has been
drafted as a coherent whole, repugnancy is extremely unlikely to occur. The
contract has, after all, to be read as a whole; and the overwhelming
probability is that, on examination, an apparent inconsistency will be
resolved by the ordinary processes of construction. …

192 A case that is also directly on point is the decision of the United
Kingdom Supreme Court in Geys v Société Générale, London Branch [2013] 1 AC
523 (“Geys”). In that case, the plaintiff was employed by the defendant-bank
(“the defendant”). The employment contract provided under the header “Notice”
the following terms: “Your employment can be terminated on the expiry of three
months’ written notice of termination given by you to the company or by the
company to you.” The plaintiff was also given a staff handbook together with
the employment contract. The handbook stated at section 8.3 that the defendant
had the right to terminate the plaintiff’s employment “at any time with
immediate effect by making a payment to [the plaintiff] in lieu of notice”.
The plaintiff’s argument before the UK Supreme Court was that there was a
conflict between the terms of the employment contract and section 8.3 of the
handbook. Since the employment contract should prevail in these circumstances
(as that was the contractual hierarchy determined in that case) the plaintiff
should be entitled to three months’ written notice. This argument was rejected
by the UK Supreme Court.

193 Lord Hope who delivered the leading judgment opined as follows:

[24] It is not obvious that these two provisions are inconsistent with each
other. Paragraph 13 of the contract set out one way of terminating the
contract, but it did not say that it is the only way. It used the word “can”,
which suggests that it is a course of action that the bank might take if it
wants to. But the bank reserved the right, as paragraph 8.3 of the handbook
put it, to use the PILON method. The provision in the handbook can be read as
qualifying the provision which is set out in the contract. In any event the
court’s duty, when confronted with two provisions in a contract that seem to
be inconsistent with each other, is plain. It must do its best to reconcile
them if that can conscientiously and fairly be done: Pagnan SpA v Tradax Ocean
Transportation SA [1986] 2 Lloyd’s Rep 646, 653, per Steyn J. That approach,
which was endorsed by Bingham LJ in the Court of Appeal [1987] 2 Lloyd’s Rep
342, 350, does not seem to me to give rise in this case to any difficulty.

[25] I would therefore hold that this case must be approached on the basis
that it was open to the bank to use the PILON method which it had reserved to
itself by paragraph 8.3 of the handbook, and that this was what it was seeking
to do when the claimant was called to the meeting on 29 November 2007 at which
he was handed a letter which had been written on the bank’s behalf.

194 The legal principles expounded by the UK Supreme Court in Geys are
eminently sensible and commercial. Reduced to its core, the approach that
should be taken by a court in Singapore when a contract or a series of
contracts which form part of the transactional relationship of the parties
provide alternative means/rights to terminate a contract is to:

(a) Ask itself if any of the provisions are framed mandatorily or
permissively. In the latter case, the court can conclude that the use of
permissive language in one document amounts to a reservation of that party’s
rights to provide for alternative means in other documents or within the same
contract; or

(b) Do its best to see if the seemingly inconsistent provisions can be
reconciled.

195 As noted at [140] above, the ISDA Notice Provisions are framed
permissively, as was the clause under the header “Notice” in the employment
contract that was construed in Geys. This was pointed out by Mr Henderson in
his Expert Report. The ISDA Master Agreement does not anywhere state that the
parties cannot mutually agree on additional rights of enforcement. 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

Mr Henderson’s AEIC, pp 35 - 37(Mr Henderson’s Report, paras 68 – 69, 72 –
73).

Both experts also agree that it is possible to terminate a transaction in the
ISDA by mutual agreement.

196 I also note that cl 5.6 of the 2008 CSNL (see [158] above) which allows
the Bank to terminate the Accumulators without notice has also been phrased
permissively. As the rights set out in the 2008 CSNL and the ISDA Notice
Provisions are both framed permissively, there is less scope to argue that
these rights cannot exist in parallel, especially in the face of the Entire
Agreement Clause, which expressly keeps afoot other agreements between ST and
the Bank.

197 There is business common sense in parties deciding on provisions that
would enable termination without notice. Such without notice provisions can
potentially salvage an investor from financial haemorrhage if the counterparty
acts in their mutual interest to terminate the transaction immediately in a
rapidly plummeting market without having to wait for the designated Early
Termination Date which, by definition, cannot be the date of the relevant ISDA
Notice. Indeed, there are legitimate reasons for parties to provide
alternative means of terminating a transaction outside the ISDA.

198 The thrust of Mr Ng’s submissions seems to be that there is inconsistency
between the CSNL Enforcement Procedure and the ISDA Notice Provisions and that
ST would be able to decide upon receiving the ISDA Notice “what is best for
his account” 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

ST’s Closing Submissions, para 428.

. Mr Ng here suggests that the ISDA Notice would have given ST the chance to
decide whether he would want to remedy the event of default. I note, however,
that this argument is misplaced. The ISDA Notice Provisions cannot be said to
be intended to give an individual a chance to remedy an event of default. I
note that s 6(c)(i) of the ISDA makes this point amply clear in the following
manner:

c. Effect of Designation

i. If notice designating an Early Termination Date is given under Section 6(a)
or (b), the Early Termination Date will occur on the date so designated,
whether or not the relevant Event of Default or Termination Event is then
continuing.

199 This changes completely the complexion of Mr Ng’s argument. The ISDA
Notice Provisions were not intended to serve as a notice to remedy the default
as the 2006 ISDA itself allows termination of transactions after the notice
had been served regardless of whether the event of default persists. One might
then question the purpose of the ISDA Notice Provisions. Like the Positive
Obligation Clause in the case of Yien Yieh, the ISDA Notice Provisions in the
2006 ISDA merely state the contents of and the way the notice should be given
to an individual if one party should decide to give notice under the ISDA
Master Agreement before terminating a transaction.

200 To conclude, in my view, there is no inconsistency between the ISDA Notice
Provisions and the CSNL Enforcement Procedure.

Accumulators S/No 14 – 16 were governed by the 2008 ISDA

201 I turn to the remaining broad issue viz, that the Accumulators were
governed by two versions of the ISDA Master Agreement, the 2006 ISDA and the
2008 ISDA. The determination of this point resolves the debate as to which of
the Accumulators the Without Notice Clause applied to.

202 As a starting point, I note that the experts shared different views on
which Accumulators were governed by the 2008 ISDA. Mr Henderson took the
position that the 2006 ISDA applied to Accumulators S/No 1 – 13 (“the Pre–23
July 2008 Accumulators”) and the 2008 ISDA to apply to Accumulators S/No 14 –
16 (“the Post–23 July 2008 Accumulators”).

203 Mr Henderson cites two reasons in support:

(a) The Accumulator Confirmations that were issued on entry of the Post–23
July 2008 Accumulators (“the Post–23 July 2008 Accumulator Confirmations”)
stated that those accumulators were governed by the ISDA Master Agreement as
at that date. 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

Mr Henderson’s AEIC, p 47 (Mr Henderson’s Report, paras 113 – 115).

(b) Additionally, the 2008 Revision Letter also had the effect of subjecting
transactions entered into after 23 July 2008 to the 2008 ISDA. 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

Mr Henderson’s AEIC, p 47 (Mr Henderson’s Report, paras 116 – 117).

204 The position taken by Mr Ross is as follows:

(a) The 2008 Revision Letter did not make the 2008 ISDA applicable to the
Post–23 July 2008 Accumulators as the 2008 ISDA may be viewed as an
“amendment”, a “supplement” or a “wholly new agreement” to the 2006 ISDA. If
it was an amendment, then relying on section 9(b) of the 2006 ISDA, the 2008
ISDA had to be executed by ST in order for it to be effective. 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

Mr Ross’ AEIC, p 36 (Mr Ross’ Report, Schedule 6, para 6.1).

(b) Even if the 2008 ISDA was applicable to the Post–23 July 2008
Accumulators, the Without Notice Clause was an onerous term that was not
validly incorporated.

(c) If the court finds that the 2008 ISDA governs the Post–23 July 2008
Accumulators then the 2008 ISDA would govern all the Accumulators.

205 I note that Mr Ross did not address the effect of the Post–23 July 2008
Accumulator Confirmations.

The 2008 Revision Letter made the 2008 ISDA applicable to the Post–23 July
2008 Accumulators

206 The 2008 Revision Letter states as follows:

Section III of the Investment Services Terms and Conditions shall replace any
ISDA Master Agreement ("Existing ISDA Master Agreement") and any Foreign
Exchange, Precious Metals and Options Margin Trading Agreement ("Existing FXMT
Agreement"), and shall apply to transactions entered into on or after the
Effective Date. Outstanding transactions entered into prior to the Effective
Date shall continue to be governed by the Existing ISDA Master Agreement or
the Existing FXMT Agreement, as the case may be, whether or not the agreements
were actually signed by you.

207 The 2008 Revision Letter stated that the 2008 Account Agreement and the
2008 ISDA come into effect from 23 July 2008. The 2008 Revision Letter was
received by YCB on behalf of ST. In fact, the question of whether the Revision
Letter seeks to amend, supplement or replace the 2006 ISDA is a red herring.
This is because, as noted above, the 2008 Revision Letter expressly states by
way of confirmation that the 2006 ISDA will continue to apply to all
outstanding transactions (ie, the Pre–23 July 2008 Accumulators). There is
therefore no question of amending the 2006 ISDA. The 2008 Revision Letter
purports to make the 2008 ISDA apply to transactions entered into after 23
July 2008.

208 Mr Ross relies on s 9(b) of the 2006 ISDA (and, more generally, the ISDA
Master Agreement) which provides as follows:

b) Amendments. No amendment, modification or waiver in respect of this
Agreement will be effective unless in writing (including a writing evidence by
a facsimile transmission) and executed by each of the parties or confirmed by
an exchange of telexes or electronic messages on an electronic messaging
system.

209 In my view, the section does not in any way assist Mr Ross as it deals
with the situation where the 2006 ISDA is amended. The application of the 2008
ISDA to future transactions is very different from amending the 2006 ISDA. I
therefore see no merit in this line of argument.

210 Mr Ross then suggests that the 2008 ISDA needs to be signed by both
parties before it takes effect. At the outset, I highlight an important point
made by Mr Henderson in the ISDA Experts’ Joint Expert Report. Mr Henderson
stated at para 62:

Mr Ross contends in paragraph 53 that a 1992 ISDA Form, or a Master Agreement
based on it, in principle cannot come into effect between two parties unless
each party manually signs it. Not only do basic principles of contract
interpretation permit parties in one document to agree that an agreement in an
identified form will come into effect between them, this is common practice in
the global OTC derivatives market. ISDA has even published a form of
confirmation that provides for this. Exhibit 1 to the 2000 ISDA Definitions,
as an alternative paragraph, and Exhibit I to the 2006 ISDA Definitions, in a
footnote, each contain a provision to be used in a Confirmation for a
Transaction entered into without an existing master agreement in place between
the parties. This represents a time-honoured, oft-used and significant clause
in the global OTC derivatives market. This provision states that, until and
unless the parties execute a master agreement, the Confirmation, and all
Confirmations with similar language, will be subject to a master agreement in
the form published by ISDA. A finding that parties could not establish a
master agreement between them by reference to a clearly identified external
source would invalidate in Singapore a practice common in the global OTC
derivatives market and subject an indeterminate number of outstanding
transactions to enforcement uncertainties.

a. I would also note the extensive use of protocols by ISDA in the global OTC
derivatives markets. These protocols have the effect of thousands of parties
agreeing to new agreements, modifications to existing agreements (some
extensive), and a host of other documents creating rights and obligations, all
without the parties manually signing any agreement other than the adherence
letter deeming the new document to come into effect. It would be a disaster to
the Singapore OTC derivatives market if the principles underlying these
protocols were rejected in Singapore.

211 In response to this, Mr Ross clarifies that his view that a new ISDA
Master Agreement cannot come into effect between two parties unless each party
manually signs it is limited to the context of the present proceedings.
However, this concession is contrary to Mr Ross’ broader argument that s 9(b)
of the ISDA Agreement “contemplates” formal execution and dating by the
parties.

212 As rightly pointed out by Mr Henderson, it accords with basic principles
of contractual interpretation that parties can agree that an agreement in an
identified form will come into effect between them. In fact, in the present
case, ST and the Bank have expressly agreed that this principle would be
applicable vis-à-vis their dealings. In this regard, I highlight cl 5.2 of the
2008 CSNL:

In respect of any derivative transactions permitted by the Bank from time to
time which are subject to the ISDA Agreement and where the client has not
signed such agreement with the Bank, the terms of the ISDA Agreement will
apply to such transactions as if the Client had signed and entered into the
ISDA Agreement with the Bank. A copy of the ISDA Agreement will be forwarded
to the Client upon request.

213 I must also point out that it was ST who agreed in cl 14.1 of the 2006
Account Agreement that the Bank will be able to amend or supplement the T&Cs
of the 2006 Account Agreement by notice to him and that such amendment or
supplement shall apply with effect from such date as the Bank may stipulate.

214 The first of the Post–23 July 2008 Accumulators was entered into after 5
August 2008. The applicable ISDA Master Agreement at that time was the 2008
ISDA and ST received the 2008 ISDA with the 2008 Revision Letter. Therefore,
it is quite clear that the 2008 Revision Letter had the effect of making the
2008 ISDA applicable to the Post–23 July 2008 Accumulators.

215 Mr Ross’s alternative argument is that the Without Notice Clause was not
validly incorporated even if the 2008 ISDA applied to the Post–23 July 2008
Accumulators as this was an onerous clause to which ST’s attention had to be
drawn to. However, before I proceed to analyse whether the Without Notice
clause is onerous, I propose to deal with one other point made by Mr Henderson
viz, the Accumulator Confirmations provide that the 2008 ISDA would apply to
the Post–23 July 2008 Accumulators.

The Accumulator Confirmations make the 2008 ISDA applicable in relation to the
Post–23 July 2008 Accumulators

216 I turn to the wording used in the relevant Accumulator Confirmations for
both the Pre–23 July 2008 Accumulators and the Post–23 July 2008 Accumulators.
Each of the Accumulator Confirmations for the Pre–23 July 2008 Accumulators
states as follows:

This Confirmation supplements, forms part of, and is subject to, the ISDA
Master Agreement dated as of 16 May 2006 as amended and supplemented from time
to time (the “Agreement”), between you and us. All provisions contained in the
Agreement govern this Confirmation except as expressly modified below.

217 Each of the Accumulator Confirmations for the Post–23 July 2008
Accumulators on the other hand states as follows:

This Confirmation supplements, forms part of, and is subject to, the ISDA
Master Agreement dated as of the Agreement Effective Date as amended and
supplemented from time to time (the "Agreement"), between you and us. All
provisions contained in the Agreement govern this Confirmation except as
expressly modified below.

[emphasis added].

218 The definition of “Agreement Effective Date” in turn is as follows:

… the trade date of the first Transaction entered into under this Agreement
pursuant to the Account Agreement.

219 The “Account Agreement” referred to is the 2008 Account Agreement, which
came to effect pursuant to the 2008 Revision Letter. Therefore, the difference
between the language in the Accumulator Confirmations makes clear that the
2008 ISDA would be applicable to the Post–23 July 2008 Accumulators. In this
regard, I accept Mr Henderson’s testimony and hold that the Post–23 July 2008
Accumulators are governed by the 2008 ISDA.

220 However, the following clause on the scope of agreement in Part 5.f of the
Schedule to the 2008 ISDA (“the Scope of Agreement Clause”) has been brought
to my attention by both Mr Ross and Mr Henderson:

f. Scope of Agreement

Upon the effectiveness of this Agreement and unless the parties otherwise
agree in writing, by specific reference to this Agreement, that this provision
does not apply, all Derivative Transactions (as defined below) then
outstanding, or which may be entered into thereafter, between the parties,
including Transactions entered into by the parties through Offices, if any,
listed in Part 4(d), are deemed to be Transactions governed by this Agreement
and any confirmation or other confirming evidence of the Transaction is deemed
to be a Confirmation.

[emphasis added]

221 Mr Ross takes the position that if I should find that the Post–23 July
2008 Accumulators are subject to the 2008 ISDA, then I would have to find that
all the Accumulators are subject to the 2008 ISDA as the 2008 Revision Letter
does not sufficiently exclude the Pre–23 July 2008 Accumulators as ST did not
“agree” to the position set out in the 2008 Revision Letter “in writing” as
stated in the Scope of Agreement Clause.

222 Mr Henderson suggests that the 2008 Revision Letter is sufficient to
exclude the operation of the Scope of Agreement Clause in relation to the
Pre–23 July 2008 Accumulators. However, should I find that the 2008 Revision
Letter is not effective in relation to the Pre–23 July 2008 Accumulators, all
the Accumulators would be governed by the 2008 ISDA.

223 I do not think it can be argued that the 2008 Revision Letter was not a
document “in writing”. In any case, as noted at [213] above, ST agreed in the
2006 Account Agreement that the Bank by notice to him could, inter alia, form
a supplemental agreement. The clear words of the 2008 Revision Letter make the
2008 ISDA only applicable to the Post–23 July 2008 Accumulators. As a result,
the Pre–23 July 2008 Accumulators were not governed by the 2008 ISDA. The Post
23–July 2008 Accumulators were governed by the 2008 ISDA.

224 In addition, the Accumulator Confirmations for the Post–23 July 2008
Accumulators would support the Bank’s argument that the 2008 ISDA had become
effective in relation to the Post 23–July 2008 Accumulators.

The Without Notice Clause was validly incorporated

225 I come back to Mr Ross’s final argument in relation to the 2008 ISDA viz,
even if the 2008 Revision Letter had the effect of making the 2008 ISDA
applicable to any of the Accumulators, the Without Notice Clause was
unreasonable and therefore not validly incorporated.

226 I note that in the ISDA Experts’ Joint Report, Mr Ross made the point that
even if the Without Notice Clause was incorporated, the Bank was required to
given notice pursuant to s 6.b.i of the 2008 ISDA which states as follows:

6.b. Right to Terminate Following Termination Event.

i. Notice. If a Termination Event occurs, an Affected Party will, promptly
upon becoming aware of it, notify the other party, specifying the name of that
Termination Event and each Affected Transaction and will also give such other
information about that Termination Event as the other party may reasonably
require.

227 I note that Mr Ng has abandoned (and rightly so) this point in his closing
submissions. The abovementioned clause only requires an “Affected Party” to
give notice under the 2008 ISDA. Having regard to the wording of the Without
Notice Clause, ST (who is identified as Party B therein) is the only Affected
Party for the purposes of the operation of the Without Notice Clause.
Therefore, if the Without Notice Clause is validly incorporated, there is no
need for the Bank to give notice under the 2008 ISDA before it decides to
unwind any accumulator which is subjected to the 2008 ISDA.

228 Mr Ng argues that the Without Notice Clause is onerous and unusual and
therefore must have been drawn to ST’s notice if he were to be bound by it.
The question of whether a clause in a contract in unusual is a question of
fact. As noted in United Overseas Bank Ltd v The Asiatic Enterprises (Pte) Ltd
[1999] 2 SLR(R) 671 at [41], the court would have to assess all circumstances
including the experience of the parties in deciding if the clause in question
in onerous or unusual.

229 Notably, ST is a sophisticated investor with a large portfolio. In
multiple documents, such as the Accumulator Confirmations, the CSNL (including
its reference to the Risk Disclosure Statement) and the ISDA Master Agreement,
ST had acknowledged that he entered into the Accumulators with a full
understanding of the terms and conditions and the risks relating to them.
There is also no question that a sophisticated investor like ST would have no
difficulty in understanding those terms with legal advice. Therefore, it is
curious that ST would even choose to mount such a spurious argument.

230 The Bank called David M. Ellis (“Dr Ellis”) to give evidence on, inter
alia, the closing out process. Dr Ellis, in his written testimony stated that
the standard clauses in the ISDA Master Agreement are reasonable. 58

##### Foot Note 58

×

Dr Ellis’ AEIC, pp 60 –61 (Dr Ellis’ Report, para 8.10).

There is no need for counsel to lead expert evidence on this point; whether or
not a clause in a contract is reasonable in the circumstances is a question of
fact which the court is well-placed to decide. In any case, Dr Ellis was not a
satisfactory witness. He was more interested in advocating the Bank’s position
when he was on the stand and did not assist the court as an expert.

231 In any case, I am of the view that given the context of derivatives
transactions, there are many legitimate reasons why a Bank might have to look
towards the Without Notice Clause to act urgently in the client’s interest. Mr
Ross conceded in the trial that the Without Notice Clause was reasonable. I
reproduce the relevant portions of the evidence:

MR HENDERSON: … assuming that the account agreement is a reasonably acceptable
account agreement in Singapore, I think these clauses just flow right with it
and there's absolutely nothing unreasonable about them.

MR ROSS: Thank you. I say, and I think this is correct, one of these
additional termination events are unusual. I accept the proposition that a
bank entering into margined or leveraged derivatives with clients would want
the right to terminate and close out at short notice. So in that respect I'm
inclined to say, your Honour, that there is a reasonability to these
additional termination events. They are unusual. I can point you since writing
my report and indeed writing our joint report, there's English authority which
is again in this Deutsche Bank v Sebastian Holdings case where the judge says,
in effect, that an additional termination event which was applied to all
transactions and not to some or any part of a transaction and which said that
the bank would use its reasonable endeavours to give notice, obviously ex
post, retrospectively, the judge said that in his opinion, his view, that that
made business sense. That's helpful, your Honour, to the argument that the
without notice additional termination event is, in Singapore terms,
reasonable.

I would just point out that the one in the Deutsche Bank case did contain a
reasonable endeavours obligation to give notice but obviously the horse would
have bolted.

…

MR ROSS: So I think that's probably as much as I can say about that, your
Honour. I don't think I'm essentially disagreeing in any great way with Mr
Henderson.

232 I therefore find no merit in ST’s argument that the Without Notice Clause
was not incorporated as it was an onerous clause to which his attention had to
be drawn to.

233 Nevertheless, I note for completeness that even if I had found that the
Without Notice Clause was onerous, I would have held that it had been
incorporated as the Bank had brought it to the specific attention of ST’s
attorney, YCB. I note that the Revision Letter highlighted the “key changes”
to the Account Agreement in an attached schedule in addition to attaching the
2008 ISDA. I reproduce the relevant portion of para 7 of the said schedule
below:

Section III of Investment Services Terms and Conditions: OTC Derivatives and
Foreign Exchange, Precious Metals and Options Transactions Trading Facility

… Additional Termination Event provision has been amended to align with other
standard documents such that Early Termination Date may be deemed to have
occurred upon termination of the relevant Transactions by the Bank without
notice. …

234 The Without Notice Clause was therefore specifically drawn to the
attention of ST in the 2008 Revision Letter. When confronted with the above
paragraph, Mr Ross conceded that the Without Notice Clause had been
highlighted. I reproduce the relevant portions of the evidence:

MR ROSS: I think the tone of the letter is very important, your Honour.

COURT: Can we look at the letter then.

MR KUMAR: It is in the bundle I have tendered at tab 4, page 57.

COURT: Yes. Yes, Mr Ross.

MR ROSS: So in the first paragraph the changes and implications are summarised
below for you: "No further action on your part is required. This information
is for information purposes only."

…

Then we go over the page, your Honour, to paragraph 3:

"Although you should refer to the revised Account Agreement for full details,
we have described the key changes in the attached Schedule."

…

Then we go over the page again to the schedule and the only change mentioned
on page 2, paragraph 7, is a reference to additional termination event. It has
been amended to align -- paragraph 7 of the schedule, your Honour, it says in
the second sentence:

"Additional Termination Event provision has been amended to align with other
standard documents such that Early Termination Date may be deemed to have
occurred upon termination of the relevant Transactions by the bank without
notice."

It refers to other changes which I'm bound to say are anodine [sic]. So the
pause that I took, your Honour, was very much driven by the tone of this
letter.

MR HENDERSON: Wait, don't they point out that change?

MR ROSS: Yes they do, they do point it out but there are other changes as
well.

235 In light of the above, I find that the 2008 ISDA applied to the Post
23-July 2008 Accumulators and the Without Notice Clause was reasonable and, in
any case, incorporated in the 2008 ISDA. Therefore, the Bank would have had
the right to unwind the Post 23-July 2008 Accumulators without issuing a
notice under the 2008 ISDA. However, I note that this point is moot given that
I have found that ST had instructed the Bank to unwind the Accumulators and,
in any case, agreed to the incorporation of the 2008 CSNL Without Notice Right
of Termination into each Accumulator Confirmation.

Statement Clause in Section 6(d)(i) of the 2006 and 2008 ISDA

236 ST alleges that the Bank has breached the Statement Clause in s6(d)(i) of
the ISDA Master Agreement. I first set out the clause:

Calculations.

(i) Statement. On or as soon as reasonably practicable following the
occurrence of an Early Termination Date, each party will make the calculations
on its part, if any, contemplated by Section 6(e) and will provide to the
other party a statement (1) showing, in reasonable detail, such calculations
(including all relevant quotations and specifying any amount payable under
Section 6(e)) and (2) giving details of the relevant account to which any
amount payable to it is to be paid. In the absence of written confirmation
from the source of a quotation obtained in determining a Market Quotation, the
records of the party obtaining such quotation will be conclusive evidence of
the existence and accuracy of such quotation.

237 Under s 12(a) of the 2006 ISDA, the Statement Clause may not be given “by
facsimile transmission or electronic messaging system”. I now set out the
relevant portion of the ISDA Experts’ Joint Report that deal directly with
this issue:

39\. Assuming that the Termination Provisions are applicable, the Bank's
e-mails to [YCB] on 23 and 24 October 2008 referred to above, and its e-mail
to [YCB] on 2 December 2009 appear broadly to contain information that meet
the requirements under Section 6(d) of each Master Agreement. The final
determination is as much a commercial as a legal one (e.g., whether the
information was provided in "reasonable detail").

238 The e-mails sent by Clara to YCB on 23 October 2008 and 24 October 2008
after the unwinding of each batch of Accumulators do provide reasonable
details required by the Statement Clause seeing that they state the price at
which the respective Accumulators were unwound and the Unwinding Costs. In
addition, they were obviously sent as “soon as reasonable practicable”. ST
subsequently sought further details on the unwinding of the Accumulators and
the Bank provided the information in an e-mail on 2 December 2009. In this
regard, the ISDA experts accept that the information pursuant to the Statement
Clause had been provided to ST.

239 However, there is still the question of whether the information sent by
e-mail contravened s 12(a) of the 2006 ISDA which prohibits the use of
“facsimile transmission or electronic messaging system”. The short query is
whether the precise terms of the 2006 ISDA would apply when the parties have
agreed to unwind the Accumulators outside of the 2006 ISDA as in the present
case.

240 On its face, s 6(d)(i) of the 2006 ISDA applies on the occurrence of an
“Early Termination Date”. Therefore, when the parties agree to unwind the
Accumulators outside the ISDA Master Agreement, s 6(d)(i) is prima facie
inapplicable, as an “Early Termination Date” within the meaning of the 2006
ISDA has not occurred.

241 Mr Henderson takes the position that if the parties had agreed to unwind
the Accumulators outside the ISDA Master Agreement, then none of the terms of
the ISDA Master Agreement would apply. He adds that “[t]o imply additional
terms would introduce uncertainty into the common practice of agreed oral
terminations in the Singapore OTC derivatives market and reduce the liquidity
of those markets.” 59

##### Foot Note 59

×

ISDA Experts’ Joint Report, para 76.

242 Mr Ross, on the other hand, takes the following position: 60

##### Foot Note 60

×

ISDA Experts’ Joint Report, para 75.

it is sensible to imply a term in that agreement that:

(a) the Bank was required in terms of Section 6(d) of the applicable Master
Agreement to provide a statement of its calculations as soon as reasonably
practicable; and

…

243 However, it is trite that a term is only implied in the face of
“necessity” and not “sensibility” (see Sembcorp Marine Ltd v PPL Holdings Pte
Ltd [2013] 4 SLR 193 at [101]). In this regard, Mr Ross conceded that it was
not necessary to imply a term that the Statement Clause should apply to the
oral agreement between the Bank and ST to unwind the Accumulators. 61

##### Foot Note 61

×

Transcript dated 6 May 2015, pp 105 – 108.

244 I am, however, of the view that it is of course necessary to imply a term
that the Bank informs ST of the Unwinding Costs and the price at which the
Accumulators were unwound; however, I see no reason why such information
cannot have been – as in the present case – provided to ST via e-mail. It
makes no commercial sense to suggest otherwise. In any case, it has not
escaped notice that the Bank did send ST notices on 24 October 2008 62

##### Foot Note 62

×

4 AB 1095 – 1102.

and 28 October 2008 63

##### Foot Note 63

×

4 AB 1149 – 1156.

(which comply with s 12(a) of the 2006 ISDA) that stated the amount payable on
unwinding of each Accumulator. When read with the e-mails on 23 and 24 October
2008, it appears to me that the Bank would have, in any case, satisfied the
requirements of the Statement Clause if it was applicable.

The Accumulators were not unwound negligently

245 ST makes two arguments in relation to the Bank's duty of care in both
contract and tort. The first argument is that the Bank breached its duty of
care by unwinding the Accumulators without ST's instructions or without
verifying his instructions. This argument falls away completely as I have
found (at [111] above) that ST had agreed (through YCB) to unwind the
Accumulators.

246 ST then argues that the Bank breached its duty of care in the manner it
unwound the Accumulators. The Bank unwound the Accumulators as follows. The
Bank first disposed of positions that it had taken in the underlying shares as
a result of entering into the Accumulators (ie, the Delta Shares). The Delta
Shares were then sold over the course of the day at close to the Volume
Weighted Average Price (“VWAP”) of the underlying shares (“the VWAP Method”).

247 The Bank called Mr Ho Tze Leung (“Mr Ho”) and Ms Chia Huey Ping (“Ms
Chia”) to testify on this aspect of the case. Mr Ho’s evidence was that the
VWAP Method generally had the effect of minimising the impact of any sale on
the market price of the shares. In his view, it was a reasonable method of
disposing of shares and a standard practice in the industry, in particular,
when disposing of a relatively large block of shares. Ms Chia concurred with
Mr Ho’s views in relation to the VWAP Method being reasonable.

248 ST did not adduce any evidence to: (a) contradict Mr Ho and Ms Chia’s
evidence; or (b) suggest that the VWAP Method was not reasonable. His position
at trial was that the Bank should have used the spot price instead (“Spot
Method”). ST adduced no evidence to support his contention that the Spot
Method was the standard practice. Tellingly, in Mr Ng’s closing submissions,
he was not able to point out why the Spot Method would have been more
advantageous to ST. He was also not able to point out why the VWAP Method was
not reasonable.

249 ST next argues that the Bank was negligent in unwinding the Accumulators
on 23 and 24 October 2008 when the markets were depressed. Again, ST adduced
no evidence in support of this assertion that the Bank’s timing was negligent.
There is a fair amount of ex post facto reasoning in ST’s argument that the
Bank should have waited and should not have unwound the Accumulators on 23 and
24 October 2008 because the market supposedly recovered thereafter.

ST has suffered no loss even if the Bank had breached an obligation in
relation to the Account

250 The whole of ST’s case is that he was in a position to meet any margin
call issued by the Bank and, consequently, salvage the Accumulators and avoid
paying the Unwinding Costs. Therefore, he argues that the Bank should have
served him the ISDA Notice, which would have prompted action on his part. It
is worth bearing in mind s 6(c)(i) of the 2006 ISDA – the ISDA Notice does not
afford an opportunity to remedy a default and the Bank can unwind the
Accumulators after the issuance of the ISDA Notice even if the event of
default is not continuing.

251 In any case, and most crucially, ST’s expert, Prof Ho, during cross-
examination made various concessions in relation to the state of ST’s
financial affairs. I have set them out in detail at [71] – [75] above. On Prof
Ho’s evidence, ST did not have the necessary liquid assets to meet the margin
call on 22 October 2008. There was also no controversy that the position would
not have been different a few days later had the Bank issued the ISDA Notice;
the Accumulators would have had to be unwound in any case.

Other matters

252 Given the clear finding that ST has suffered no loss, there is no need,
and I do not intend, to analyse in vacuo the question whether the Bank could
successfully invoke the Exemption Clause (at [34] above). It is also not
necessary to deal with the Bank's Compromise Argument (at [34] above) that ST
could not sue the Bank, having compromised his rights in the Work Out
Agreement.

Conclusion

253 For all the reasons stated in this Judgment, ST’s action fails and is
accordingly dismissed.

254 The declarations the Bank seeks in its Counterclaim have been and are best
advanced as defences to ST’s action. Now that the Bank has succeeded in its
defences, the Counterclaim for declaratory relief has no useful purpose and is
superfluous. The court will not – as a general rule – grant declarations that
serve no useful purpose. In this regard, I refer to Woolf & Woolf, Zamir &
Woolf – The Declaratory Judgment (Sweet & Maxwell, 4th Ed, 2011) at para 4–99
which states as follows:

If it can be shown that a declaration would not serve any practical purpose,
this will weigh heavily in the scales against the grant of declaratory relief.
If… the grant of declaratory relief will be likely to achieve a useful
objective, the court will be favourably disposed to granting relief. The
question of whether or not any useful purpose would be served by granting
declaratory relief is therefore of prime importance in determining how
discretion should be exercised. The issue as to utility is closely related to
the theoretical issues discussed in the previous section. A declaration which
would serve no useful purpose whatsoever can be readily treated as being
academic or theoretical and dismissed on that basis…”

255 I make no order on the declaratory relief that the Bank seeks in
paragraphs (1) and (2) of the Counterclaim, but will hear parties on the costs
of the main action and the Counterclaim for which the Bank is seeking
indemnity costs on a contractual basis.

Belinda Ang Saw Ean  
Judge

Ng Lip Chih and Jennifer Sia (NLC Law Asia LLP) for the plaintiff;  
Hri Kumar Nair SC, James Low, Harsharan Kaur Bhullar and Ben Tan (Drew &
Napier LLC) for the defendant.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 3: 27 Oct 2020 (22:39 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

