Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the republic of singapore

[2016] SGHC 253

Magistrate’s Appeal No 3 of 2016

Between

| Koh Yong Chiah  
---|---  
  
… Appellant

And

| Public Prosecutor  
---|---  
  
… Respondent

judgment

[Criminal Law] — [Offences] — [Offences Against Public Servants]

[Criminal Procedure and Sentencing] — [Sentencing] — [Benchmark Sentences]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Koh Yong Chiah

  
v

  

Public Prosecutor

[2016] SGHC 253

High Court — Magistrate’s Appeal No 3 of 2016  
Sundaresh Menon CJ, Chao Hick Tin JA, See Kee Oon JC  
23 August 2016

18 November 2016 Judgment reserved.

Chao Hick Tin JA (delivering the judgment of the court):

Introduction

1 Section 182 of the Penal Code (Cap 224, 2012 Rev Ed) (“Penal Code”)
criminalises the giving of information to a public servant which one “knows or
believes to be false, intending thereby to cause, or knowing it to be likely
that he will thereby cause, such public servant to use the lawful power of
such public servant to the injury or annoyance of any person, or to do or omit
anything which such public servant ought not to do or omit if the true state
of facts respecting which such information is given were known by him”. This
offence can be committed in a wide range of situations for a wide range of
purposes. A passenger who lies to the traffic police that he was the driver of
the car to protect an intoxicated friend who was driving, a father who lies to
a school principal about his home address to get his child into primary
school, or a public servant who lies to his boss at work to conceal certain
errors he made, may all be found guilty of an offence under s 182 of the Penal
Code (“s 182”).

2 Thus, to define the interest that the offence was intended to protect is
difficult. The interests at stake vary across the wide range of different
possible situations. Nevertheless, it may generally be said that at the heart
of the offence lies the harm that would be caused from lying to a public
servant (as opposed to any other ordinary person) because of the unique powers
and duties that a public servant generally has – as the provision specifies,
the offender must intend or know that his false information will likely cause
the public servant to misuse his lawful powers or act in breach of his duties
as a public servant.

3 This appeal concerns an ex-school principal who pleaded guilty to an offence
under s 182 of the Penal Code (Cap 224, 1985 Rev Ed) (“Penal Code 1985”) for
falsely telling his Cluster Superintendent that he was not having an extra-
marital affair with a school vendor. The district judge (“the DJ”) meted out a
sentence of four weeks’ imprisonment, and the appellant appeals against his
sentence on the basis that the DJ erred in fact and law, and that the sentence
is manifestly excessive. This appeal gives us the opportunity to provide some
guidance on the correct approach to sentencing s 182 offences, which hopefully
will help lower courts in dealing with the myriad of factual situations that
come before them, and enable a greater degree of consistency in sentencing. We
appointed a young amicus curiae, Mr Benny Tan Zhi Peng (“the amicus”), to
address us on the appropriate sentencing guidelines for offences under s 182
of the Penal Code. We were greatly assisted by his written brief and would
like to record our gratitude.

Background facts

4 Mr Koh Yong Chiah (“the Appellant”) is a 61-year-old male Singapore citizen
who was a principal at four different schools from 1995 to 2012 and a Cluster
Superintendent for three months in 1999, where he supervised school
principals. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Statement of Facts (“SOF”) at para 1.

Specifically,

(a) from 1999 to 2002, he was the principal of the Chinese High School (“CHS”)
2

##### Foot Note 2

×

SOF at para 3.

;

(b) from January 2003 to December 2009, he was the principal of Jurong Junior
College (“JJC”) 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

SOF at para 2.

; and

(c) from December 2009 to September 2012, he was the principal of River Valley
High School (“RVHS”) 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

SOF at para 2.

.

5 He became acquainted with one Loke Wai Lin Ivy (“Ivy”) in 2000, when Ivy
approached CHS with a view to getting the school to participate in a community
service project in China. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

SOF at para 7.

At that time, Ivy was working at the Television Corporation of Singapore. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

SOF at para 7.

But since 2005, she incorporated and became the director and majority
shareholder of Education Architects 21 Pte Ltd and Education Incorporation Pte
Ltd (“Ivy’s Companies”) 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

SOF at para 4.

, both of which provide education-related services including the organising of
overseas learning journeys, conference management and assorted logistical
services 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

SOF at para 5.

.

6 The Appellant and Ivy developed a sexual relationship and their first sexual
encounter was during a CHS community service trip to Lijiang, China in March
2001. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

SOF at para 8.

This sexual relationship lasted up to and including the period that the
Appellant was the principal of RVHS.

The procurement process for school contracts

7 As principal of the various schools, the Appellant was on a panel that
approved contracts awarded by his school to vendors. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

SOF at para 11.

The teaching staff would prepare the specifications for an Invitation to
Quote, outlining the goods and services required, evaluate the bids received
from vendors and recommend the preferred bid to the Quotation Approval Panel
(“QAP”). 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

SOF at para 11(i) and (iii).

The QAP would approve the bid if they agreed with the recommendations and
thereafter, the contract would be awarded to the vendor. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

SOF at para 11(iv), (vi) and (vii).

In JJC, the Appellant was one of three persons on the QAP, and in RVHS, the
Appellant was one of two persons on the QAP. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

SOF at para 11(iii).

8 From May to November 2005, as principal of JJC and a member of its QAP, the
Appellant signed off on six contracts with a total value of $162,491.25 to
Ivy’s Companies. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

SOF at para 12.

The Appellant’s false statement

9 In November 2005, the Ministry of Education’s (“MOE”) Director General of
Education (“DGE”) received an anonymous complaint alleging that the Appellant
was having an affair with Ivy and that they behaved inappropriately on school
premises and on overseas school trips. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

SOF at para 15.

The DGE instructed the Appellant’s Cluster Superintendent, Ms Chia Ban Tin
(“Ms Chia”), to interview the Appellant. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

SOF at para 16.

Ms Chia first inquired into Ivy’s background and found out that she was the
director of a company which was a service provider of JJC. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

SOF at para 16.

10 On 24 November 2005, Ms Chia interviewed the Appellant. She asked him
whether he had an affair with Ivy. The Appellant falsely stated to Ms Chia, a
public servant, that he was not having an affair with Ivy, information he knew
to be false. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

SOF at para 18.

Ms Chia then reminded the Appellant about the importance of maintaining the
integrity of the procurement process and advised the Appellant against any
personal involvement with Ivy, whose company was bidding for contracts and
providing services to JJC. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

SOF at para 19.

The Appellant acknowledged that he understood her advice. This false statement
is the subject of the first and only proceeded charge against the Appellant,
which the Appellant pleaded guilty to. It states:

You, Koh Yong Chiah... are charged that you, on 24 November 2005, in
Singapore, being a Principal of Jurong Junior College (“JJC”), did give false
information orally to a public servant, namely one Chia Ban Tin (“Chia”), a
Cluster Superintendent of the Ministry of Education, who was tasked to assess
the truth of an anonymous complaint lodged against you alleging misconduct in
having an affair with one Loke Wai Lin (“Loke”), a Director of Education
Architects 21 Pte Ltd, a service provider of JJC, to wit, by falsely stating
that you were not having an affair with Loke, which information you knew to be
false, knowing it likely that you would thereby cause Chia to do an act,
namely submit a report to the Director General of Education that there was no
such misconduct on your part, which Chia, as a public servant, ought not to do
if the true state of facts respecting which such information was given were
known to her, and you have thereby committed an offence punishable under
section 182 of the Penal Code, Chapter 224 (1985 Rev Ed).

11 Following the interview, Ms Chia submitted a report to the DGE stating that
the Appellant had denied having an inappropriate relationship with Ivy. The
Appellant’s false statement led Ms Chia to omit to inform the DGE that the
Appellant was involved in a sexual relationship with Ivy. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

SOF at para 20.

The Appellant knew it was likely that, after the interview, Ms Chia would
inform the DGE that the Appellant denied being involved in an extra-marital
affair with Ivy. Further, a day after the interview, the Appellant called and
spoke to the DGE about the allegations levelled against him. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

SOF at para 22.

12 If the Appellant had been truthful, MOE would have ensured that he was no
longer allowed to approve contracts awarded to Ivy’s Companies. The Appellant
may also have been subject to disciplinary proceedings. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

SOF at para 21.

Award of contracts following the Appellant’s false statement

13 After the 24 November 2005 interview, the Appellant continued to sign off
on contracts awarded to Ivy’s Companies. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

SOF at para 24.

As principal of JJC, he approved another 48 contracts to Ivy’s Companies. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

SOF at para 24.

As principal of RVHS, he approved 39 contracts to Ivy’s Companies. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

SOF at para 26.

Between 2005 and 2012, as a member of the QAP of JJC and RVHS, the Appellant
approved $3.2m worth of contracts awarded to Ivy’s Companies. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

SOF at para 27.

Further, during this period, the Appellant would sometimes help Ivy amend some
of the details of the itinerary or quotations before she submitted her bid to
JJC and RVHS. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

SOF at para 30.

Specifically, in September 2012, the Appellant vetted Ivy’s quotation in
relation to a study trip to Japan and advised her on how to negotiate the
contract with the JJC staff; nevertheless, the contract was eventually awarded
to another vendor based on the recommendation of the QAP. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

SOF at para 30.

14 On 23 March 2012, the Corrupt Practices Investigation Bureau (“CPIB”)
received information that the Appellant was suspected of being involved in
corrupt dealings with Ivy and that there was impropriety in the procurement
processes given his relationship with Ivy. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

SOF at para 6.

During the investigations, on 18 December 2012, the Appellant falsely told a
Chief Special Investigator of CPIB that his first sexual contact with Ivy was
in 2006 (when it was in fact in 2001). This false statement is the subject of
the second charge against the Appellant under s 28(b) of the Prevention of
Corruption Act (Cap 241, 1993 Rev Ed), which the Appellant has consented to
have taken into consideration (“TIC”) for the purposes of sentencing. The
Appellant was not eventually charged with corruption or any further offence
relating to his role in approving contracts to Ivy’s Companies.

The DJ’s decision

15 As mentioned, the DJ sentenced the Appellant to four weeks’ imprisonment
(PP v Koh Yong Chiah [2016] SGDC 21 (“the GD”) at [13]). The DJ found that the
dominant and relevant sentencing principle was general deterrence, and a
custodial sentence was clearly warranted and justified. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

The GD at [12].

In the DJ’s view, a fine would have been of negligible deterrent value. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

The GD at [12].

16 In coming to her conclusion, the DJ made the following observations:

(a) Ms Chia interviewed the Appellant in her official capacity, advised him
against any personal involvement with Ivy and reminded him of the importance
of maintaining the integrity of the procurement process. 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

The GD at [5].

(b) The Appellant ignored Ms Chia’s advice and continued to award $3.2m worth
of contracts to Ivy’s Companies. This was a gross contravention of the
Government Instruction Manual. 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

The GD at [5].

(c) The absence of a corruption charge was a neutral factor. 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

The GD at [6].

(d) Even if the Appellant did not give any specific advantage to Ivy or show
her favour, his actions gave rise to a public perception that he was showing
her favour and that there was no level playing field in the award of school
contracts. This brings into question the integrity of the procurement process
and may affect public confidence and trust in the system. 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

The GD at [7].

(e) The offence is not a one-off incident as the Appellant also gave false
information in 2012, which is the subject of the second charge. 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

The GD at [9].

(f) The case of Public Prosecutor v Lim Yong Soon Bernard [2015] 3 SLR 717
(“Lim Bernard CA”) can be distinguished because (a) the offender was not
holding as high a rank as the Appellant, (b) the value of the contract
involved was only $57,200, and (c) the false statement was recanted after two
days, in contrast with the seven years in this case. 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

The GD at [10].

(g) Little mitigating weight was placed on the fact that the Appellant was a
first offender as he is expected to be of good character as a senior public
servant. 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

The GD at [11].

However, the Appellant’s plea of guilt is of mitigating value as it is an
indication of his remorse. 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

The GD at [11].

Issues on appeal

17 The first issue relates to laying down sentencing guidelines for s 182
offences. This should be discussed first so that it can be applied to the
facts. The second issue is whether the sentence in the present case is
manifestly excessive. Specifically, consideration must be given as to whether
the custodial threshold is crossed, and if so, whether the duration of four
weeks’ imprisonment is manifestly excessive.

Sentencing guidelines for s 182 of the Penal Code

18 It is imperative to first consider the statutory provision. Section 182 of
the Penal Code 1985, which is the provision the Appellant was charged under
because his offence was committed in 2005, states:

Whoever gives to any public servant any information orally or in writing which
he knows or believes to be false, intending thereby to cause, or knowing it to
be likely that he will thereby cause, such public servant to use the lawful
power of such public servant to the injury or annoyance of any person, or to
do or omit anything which such public servant ought not to do or omit if the
true state of facts respecting which such information is given were known by
him, shall be punished with imprisonment for a term which may extend to 6
months, or with fine which may extend to $1,000, or with both. [emphasis
added]

19 This was amended in 2008, and the present s 182 of the Penal Code (Cap 224,
2012 Rev Ed) states:

Whoever gives to any public servant any information which he knows or believes
to be false, intending thereby to cause, or knowing it to be likely that he
will thereby cause, such public servant to use the lawful power of such public
servant to the injury or annoyance of any person, or to do or omit anything
which such public servant ought not to do or omit if the true state of facts
respecting which such information is given were known by him, shall be
punished with imprisonment for a term which may extend to one year, or with
fine which may extend to $5,000, or with both. [emphasis added]

The main effect of the 2008 amendment was to increase the maximum sentence for
a s 182 offence from six months’ imprisonment and a $1,000 fine, to one year
imprisonment and a $5,000 fine.

20 The amendment was intended to afford the courts more flexibility to impose
higher sentences when the facts justified it, rather than to signal that
Parliament viewed the offence with increased severity. In the 2007
Parliamentary debates on the Penal Code (Amendment) Bill, which contained the
abovementioned change to the maximum sentence for s 182 offences as well as
the penalties for other offences, Member of Parliament Mr Lim Biow Chuan said
as follows (Singapore Parliamentary Debates, Official Report (23 October 2007)
vol 83 at col 2418):

... I would like to seek the Minister’s affirmation that by amending the range
of penalties prescribed, the intention of Parliament is not for the judges to
automatically increase the punishment nor should the courts interpret the
setting of a higher limit to mean that the crime has become more serious...

…

… [I]n this current set of amendments which are not specific to any particular
offence, the intention of Parliament surely must be simply to allow the courts
to have greater sentencing options to mete out appropriate sentences. Heavier
penalties should thus be imposed by the courts only where there are
aggravating factors and there should not be a rise in the punishment across
the board for all offences simply because of this amendment.

In response, Senior Minister of State for Home Affairs, Assoc Prof Ho Peng
Kee, agreed with Mr Lim’s observation (at col 2439):

… Mr Lim Biow Chuan asks whether what we have done will lead automatically to
fines or punishments going up. I do not think so. He has mentioned, for
example, the benchmarks, the sentencing guidelines, that the courts have. I
think the guidelines will continue. It does not mean that automatically when
the maximum punishment is raised, the punishment will go up. Because every
punishment must depend on the facts of the case. …

Sentencing precedents

21 Before considering specific sentencing guidelines for s 182 offences, it is
helpful to first identify the main ways in which s 182 offences have been
committed in Singapore. A review of the sentencing precedents would allow an
appreciation of the different circumstances in which the offence would
normally arise, as well as the factors which have played a role in sentencing.

22 First, a significant number of s 182 cases concern persons who falsely
report innocent persons to the police.

(a) In Rajeshwary d/o Batumalai v Public Prosecutor [2014] SGDC 153, the
offender falsely made a police report alleging that her stepfather had stolen
her jewellery when in fact, she had agreed to allow her stepfather to pawn her
jewellery. She made the false report because she was angry with her stepfather
for not returning a sum of money which he had borrowed. Her stepfather was
arrested. She recanted her false statement only four and a half months later.
The district judge sentenced her to twelve weeks’ imprisonment. On appeal to
the High Court, this was reduced to six weeks’ imprisonment. 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

Magistrate’s Appeal No 54 of 2014.

(b) In Siew Yit Beng v Public Prosecutor [2000] 2 SLR(R) 785, the offender
gave false information to the police alleging that she had been molested and
raped by her Chinese physician. In truth, she had a consensual sexual
relationship with him but was afraid that her husband might divorce her if he
found out about their relationship. She maintained the falsehood for
approximately eight months before retracting the false allegations, and had
even reasserted the truth of those allegations at her trial for two s 182
charges. She was sentenced to four weeks’ imprisonment per charge, to run
concurrently.

(c) In Public Prosecutor v Liu Linyan [2013] SGDC 434 (“Liu Linyan”), the
offender falsely accused one Ng Say Leong (“Ng”) of robbing her. She did so
because Ng had accidentally scratched her and she wanted to ensure that he
would not get away. Ng was chased and pinned to the ground by passers-by,
before being arrested by the police and held in police custody for 19 hours. A
day later, the offender recanted her false statement. The district judge
sentenced the offender to two weeks’ imprisonment, and this was upheld on
appeal. 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

Magistrate’s Appeal No 284 of 2013.

(d) In Public Prosecutor v Mathiyalagan Mathiselvam [2016] SGMC 1, the
offender pleaded guilty to two charges under s 182. He had falsely told the
police that he had been attacked and robbed by 12 to 13 persons armed with
knives and wooden boards, and that Selvanathan Rajesh (“Selvanathan”) was part
of the group. As a result of the false information, Selvanathan was arrested
and kept in a police lock-up for seven hours. In fact, the offender had been
attacked by a group of men which included Selvanathan, but no knives were used
and money was not stolen from him. The offender retracted his false allegation
after seven hours. He concocted the false story because he was angry that he
had been assaulted and wanted to hasten police investigations. The court
sentenced the offender to 10 days’ imprisonment per charge, to run
concurrently. A slightly lower sentence was imposed because the offender had
actually been assaulted (at [26]). The sentence was upheld on appeal. 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

Magistrate’s Appeal No 9199 of 2015.

(e) In Public Prosecutor v Tan Ban Sin (Magistrate’s Appeal No 330 of 1998) (a
summary of this case is available at Sentencing Practice in the Subordinate
Courts (LexisNexis, 3rd Ed, 2013) (“Sentencing Practice”) at p 1111-1112), the
offender gave false information to the police about an incident in which he
had allegedly been a victim of robbery and extortion. He did so because he
felt he had been cheated by the victims, who promised him contracts for his
renovation business if he paid them $10,000. After he paid them $4,000, no
contracts materialised. Further, the victims continued pestering him for the
remaining $6,000. The offender stated in mitigation that he had been put under
extreme pressure to pay and did not realise that he could be prosecuted for
making a false police report. Further, he was only prosecuted after three
years. The district judge found that the mitigating factors were sufficient to
spare the offender a prison sentence and ordered the then maximum fine of
$1,000. The Prosecution withdrew its appeal against the sentence.

23 In such cases, it seems that (a) imprisonment terms tend to be the norm,
(b) the provision of false information has a serious impact on both the
victims of the false allegations as well as on the investigative process, and
(c) the time the offender took to recant the false statement has a material
impact on the sentence to be imposed.

24 Second are cases where a person gave false information to the authorities
to shield himself from investigation or prosecution.

(a) In Public Prosecutor v Moscardon Mark Henry Pueyo [2009] SGDC 304
(“Moscardon”), the offender falsely told the police that his name was “Mark
Henry” when he was apprehended for shop theft. He was an illegal over-stayer
who only had a social visit pass. He planned the deception by searching the
Internet for another person’s identity to conceal his illegal status in
Singapore. The police had to expend additional resources to determine the
offender’s true identity, locate him and then charge him for these offences.
He was sentenced to six months’ imprisonment for the s 182 offences. The
Prosecution’s appeal against sentence was withdrawn.

(b) In Public Prosecutor v Mok Wai Hoong Aaron [2015] SGDC 264, the offender
fraudulently obtained a renovation project for his company and made a profit.
To cover up the profits he made from the project, he lied to the investigating
officer that he had paid substantial sums to a contractor, Keppel, for certain
services and he conspired with his friend, Lim, from Keppel to lie to the
investigating officer as well. The offender pleaded guilty to one charge of
cheating, forgery as well as an offence under s 182. The district judge
sentenced him to two months’ imprisonment for the s 182 offence. His appeal
against sentence was dismissed. 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

Magistrate’s Appeal No 128 of 2015.

(c) In Public Prosecutor v Park Jeoung Sang [2015] SGDC 311, the offender was
found guilty of one charge of drink-driving, one charge of driving whilst
under disqualification, one charge of dangerous driving and one charge of
giving false information under s 182. He falsely told the police, and
maintained in court, that he was not the driver of the vehicle at the material
time. He was sentenced to two weeks’ imprisonment for the s 182 offence. The
offender’s appeal against conviction and sentence was withdrawn.

(d) In Public Prosecutor v Feng Meizhen [2008] SGDC 274, the offender admitted
that she had entered Singapore illegally when she had in fact overstayed, and
falsely told the police that her name was “Huang Siew Fang”. She was sentenced
to two weeks’ imprisonment. The sentence was upheld on appeal. 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

Magistrate’s Appeal No 12 of 2008.

25 From these two groups of cases, it appears that the sentence meted out
varies, depending on (a) the complexity of the deceptive scheme employed on
the public servant (eg, whether other people were asked to corroborate the
lie, whether it was planned and premeditated, etc), (b) the seriousness of the
offence the offender sought to cover up, and (c) the extent to which public
resources were wasted because of the false information.

26 Third, are cases where a person gave false information to the authorities
to shield another person from investigation or prosecution.

(a) In Public Prosecutor v Sivaprakash s/o Narayansamy [2004] SGMC 7
(“Sivaprakash”), the offender permitted his wife to drive his vehicle when she
did not possess a valid driving licence. They eventually got into an accident
and when apprehended by the police, the offender claimed that he was the
driver of the vehicle. He faced two charges under s 182. The offender claimed
trial and he and his wife maintained that he was the driver of the car. The
district judge found him guilty of the s 182 offences. Taking into account the
fact that (a) it was irresponsible for the offender to allow his wife to drive
without a licence (at [87]); (b) the offender’s actions enabled his wife to
get away with the offence and perverted the course of justice (at [88]); (c)
the offender showed no remorse by persisting with his falsehoods in claiming
trial to the charges (at [89]); and (d) the offender continued with his lies
in a premeditated manner (at [90]), the judge sentenced him to five weeks’
imprisonment and a fine of $1,000 on each of the two charges. On appeal, the
two imprisonment terms of five weeks for each charge were ordered to run
concurrently (see Sentencing Practice at pp 1104–1105).

(b) In Public Prosecutor v Yeo Fang Yi [2015] SGMC 9 (“Yeo Fang Yi”), the
offender falsely represented to the police that she was the driver of the
vehicle. She did so once when questioned on the night of the incident on 4
November 2009, and a second time when called for questioning on 31 July 2012.
She was then charged with an offence of driving under the influence of alcohol
on 30 August 2012. On 2 November 2012, she recanted her previous two
statements, saying they were false. Investigations revealed that the offender
was not the driver of the car. She had lied to shield the actual driver from a
drink-driving charge. Taking into account the fact that drink-driving was a
serious offence (at [22]), the offender did not tell the lie under pressure
from another (at [25]) and the offender perpetuated her falsehood three years
later (at [27]), the district judge sentenced her to a one-week imprisonment
term and this was upheld on appeal. 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

Magistrate’s Appeal No 9044 of 2015.

(c) In Public Prosecutor v Poh Chee Hwee [2008] SGDC 241 (“Poh Chee Hwee”),
the offender gave a false statement to the police claiming to have been the
driver of a motor van to help his brother avoid prosecution for driving while
under disqualification. He pleaded guilty to one charge under s 182. The
factors that aggravated the offence include the fact that the offender’s
actions obstructed the course of justice and had the potential to frustrate
the progress of police investigations (at [12]), the offence of driving under
disqualification is a serious traffic offence (at [13]) and the offence was
premeditated (at [16]). The mitigating factors include the fact that the
offender wanted to shield his brother from prosecution, he did not derive any
benefit, an innocent party was not implicated, the offender’s brother was
ultimately brought to justice, the offender pleaded guilty and he had no
related antecedents (at [17]). The judge sentenced the offender to two weeks’
imprisonment, and this was upheld on appeal (see Sentencing Practice at 1106).

(d) In Public Prosecutor v Francis Clinton Wong Chee Meng [2010] SGDC 378
(“Francis Clinton”), the offender was involved in a conspiracy with, inter
alia, a housing agent Goh Choon Liang (“Goh”) to cheat Standard Chartered
Bank. In a false statement to a Commercial Affairs Department officer, he
stated that one Zurkifli Bin Alang Noordin and not Goh was the housing agent
involved. This was the subject of the s 182 charge he faced. The offender
pleaded guilty to the offence of conspiracy to cheat and to the s 182 charge.
The district judge sentenced the offender to one months’ imprisonment for the
s 182 charge. However, on appeal, the High Court substituted the imprisonment
term for the s 182 offence with a $1,000 fine because the court found that the
s 182 offence was committed because Goh had threatened to take revenge on the
offender if Goh’s identity was revealed (see Sentencing Practice at 1107).

(e) In Ee Chong Kiat Tommy v Public Prosecutor (Magistrate’s Appeal No 143 of
96) (“Ee Chong Kiat Tommy”), the offender and his female companion were in the
car driven by the latter when she drove the car up the kerb into a retaining
wall. When the police arrived, the offender falsely told the police that he
had been driving. When the truth was uncovered, the offender was charged with
a s 182 offence and on appeal, was fined $1,000 by the High Court but did not
receive a custodial term (see Sentencing Practice at p 1101).

(f) In Kuah Geok Bee v Public Prosecutor (Magistrate’s Appeal No 171 of 96)
(“Kuah Geok Bee”), the offender falsely claimed to be the driver of the
vehicle to allow her husband who had been driving under the influence of
alcohol to evade police investigation. She pleaded guilty to an offence under
s 182 and on appeal, was fined $1,000 by the High Court but did not receive a
custodial term (see Sentencing Practice at p 1102).

27 From the above, it appears that offenders who provide false information to
shield another person from investigation or prosecution have not necessarily
been treated less severely than offenders who provide false information to
shield themselves. Nevertheless, on some occasions, offenders who committed
the offence to protect another person have been treated more lightly by the
courts if no other aggravating factors are present (see for eg, Ee Chong Kiat
Tommy and Kuah Geok Bee, which were cited in Yang Suan Piau Steven v Public
Prosecutor [2013] 1 SLR 809 at [23] as being “exceptions to the norm” due to
their unique circumstances). It would appear that in some circumstances, the
absence of personal gain could play a role in reducing the seriousness of the
offence.

28 Fourth, are cases where a person gave false information to public servants
to subvert a public institution’s screening process.

(a) In PP v Loo Way Yew (PS 2278/97) (“Loo Way Yew”), the offender gave false
information on six occasions in his blood donor registration form about
whether he had had sex with a prostitute in the past 12 months and whether he
had lived in or visited other countries. He pleaded guilty to three charges
under s 182 and gave his consent for three other similar charges to be taken
into consideration. His blood was tested positive for HIV and had been
transfused to two patients who contracted HIV. The offender was not aware of
his condition at all material times. He was sentenced to six months’
imprisonment for each charge, with two of the sentences ordered to run
consecutively. He therefore faced a total of 12 months’ imprisonment and there
was no appeal against this decision (see Sentencing Practice at p 1097).

(b) In CLB and another v Public Prosecutor [1993] 1 SLR(R) 52 (“CLB”), the
appellants were blood donors who made false declarations on the blood donor
registration form about their sexual history. Their blood was later tested
positive for HIV, though neither of them knew they had the disease. They each
pleaded guilty to a single charge under s 182 for giving false information to
a public servant, the Medical Director of the Singapore Blood Transfusion
Service, in their respective donor registration forms. The High Court found
that a two-month sentence would have been appropriate given (i) the importance
of encouraging blood donors not to treat the questionnaire in the donor
registration form lightly, and (ii) the danger inherent in the particular
falsehoods given. However, bearing in mind the mitigating factors in this case
(CLB at [4] and [8]), including the fact that a voluntary donation of one’s
blood is a commendably noble and civic-conscious act, no harm was caused, the
appellants did not act with malice, not knowing that they themselves were
infected, the appellants pleaded guilty at the first opportunity, and personal
gain did not operate as an active incentive to lie, the High Court sentenced
the appellants to one months’ imprisonment (see CLB at [10]).

(c) In PP v West Jack Gilbert [2004] SGDC 310 (“West Jack Gilbert”), the
offender made false statements to the Ministry of Education in his application
forms for “Registration as a Teacher” in order to obtain an employment pass to
work as a teacher. He declared that he had not been convicted in a court of
law in any country when he had in fact been convicted for drug offences, rape,
criminal intimidation and carrying concealed weapons in the United States of
America. He was sentenced to one months’ imprisonment for each of the two s
182 offences. The offender’s appeal against sentence was withdrawn.

(d) In Wong Yi Hao Henry v Public Prosecutor [2015] SGHC 232 (“Wong Yi Hao
Henry”), the offender gave false information about his residential address in
his application to register his daughter for primary school admission. The
High Court held that “in the absence of any material indicating that offences
of this nature had been or are becoming more prevalent, and with no additional
aggravating features present”, there was insufficient basis to impose a
custodial sentence and the sentence of two weeks’ imprisonment should be
reduced to a $5,000 fine (at [6] and [7]). No opposition was raised by the
Public Prosecutor.

29 Many of the above cases clearly trigger the public interest and are
examples of possible situations in which the provision of false information to
a public servant has the potential to cause serious harm to a large group of
people. Of course, the gravity of the offence still can vary greatly within
this category of cases (comparing, for eg, the seriousness of lying about
one’s criminal record in an application to be a teacher against providing
false information for primary school admissions). Further, the comparison
between CLB and Loo Way Yew demonstrate that the materialisation of actual
harm can make a significant difference to the sentence.

30 Fifth are cases where a person who gave false information to public
servants to facilitate fraud on a third party to gain some personal benefit.

(a) In Public Prosecutor v Tew Yee Jeng [2016] SGDC 28, the offender (a
Malaysian) conspired on multiple occasions with different groups of people to
stage road traffic accidents in Singapore for the purpose of making fraudulent
insurance claims. He managed to cause several accidents involving heavy
vehicles, and submitted insurance claims thereafter. On one occasion, the
offender induced one Helen to make a police report stating that a genuine
accident had happened and that she was the driver of the vehicle when it was
actually the offender behind the wheel. Helen was also asked to omit to
mention the offender’s involvement in the accident. Helen then made a
fraudulent insurance claim. The offender was charged with several counts of
conspiracy to cheat, dangerous driving, and one count of abetting another
person to furnish false information under section 182 read with section 109 of
the Penal Code. In relation to the s 182 offence, the district judge found
that “the “false report has to be viewed in the context of the overall motor
insurance fraud that was being perpetrated by the Accused and his accomplices.
In this light, the false report took on a completely different complexion and
fell into a very aggravated form of a section 182 offence” (at [32]). In
particular, the district judge took into account the fact that (i) the
offender played a central role in the offences, (ii) he entered Singapore with
the sole purpose of committing these offences, and (iii) innocent road users
had been exposed to great risk of personal injury and property damage (at
[21]). A four-month imprisonment term was therefore meted out for the s 182
offence. This was upheld on appeal. 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

Magistrate’s Appeal No 9011 of 2016.

(b) In Public Prosecutor v Kumaran A/L Subramaniam [2009] SGDC 220
(“Kumaran”), the offender was an operations manager of a security firm and was
engaged to escort cash of approximately $80,000 from the Hyatt Hotel to the
bank. He falsely reported to the police that the money was stolen to cover up
his misappropriation of the funds. He faced two charges under s 182, and
further charges for criminal breach of trust. In determining the sentence, the
judge took into account the fact that (i) the offender was the mastermind of
the whole scheme (at [84]), (ii) the offences committed were serious in nature
(at [86]), (iii) his scheme involved removing the money beyond the boundaries
of the country (at [86]), (iv) the offender was one of the very few senior
security personnel in the firm entrusted with performing escort duties and yet
he misappropriated the very money which he had been charged to protect (at
[86]), and (v) the offence struck at the heart of the security industry here
and adversely affected the reputation of Singapore as a safe country to do
business, thus engaging the public interest (at [87]). He was sentenced to two
months’ imprisonment for each of the two charges he faced under s 182 (to run
concurrently). The sentence was upheld on appeal. 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

Magistrate’s Appeal No 251 of 2008.

(c) In Public Prosecutor v Alvin Chan Siw Hong [2010] SGDC 411 (“Alvin Chan”),
the offender gave false information in a police report claiming that his
motorcycle was stolen in Singapore when it was stolen in Malacca, Malaysia.
The offender’s motivation for making the false report was to defraud his
insurers and get an insurance pay-out. The district judge found that the case
was “devoid of any aggravating factor” as the offender was not evading
prosecution, shielding someone from prosecution, or making a false allegation
of a crime to exact revenge or injure reputation (at [9]). The judge thus
found that a fine of $4,000 would serve the ends of justice (at [9]). The
Prosecution withdrew its appeal against sentence.

31 The above cases also demonstrate the wide range of fraudulent schemes a s
182 offence can be part of, ranging from more complex insurance fraud schemes
involving foreign syndicates, to the making of a false police report about
where one’s motorcycle was stolen in the hope of satisfying the terms for an
insurance pay-out. The sentences imposed thus differed accordingly. However,
it seems to us that the sentence imposed in Alvin Chan may have been too
lenient, bearing in mind the fact that the fraud did not relate to an
insignificant sum and there is a public interest in protecting the insurance
industry.

32 Sixth are cases where a public servant gave false information to another
public servant about matters relating to the offender’s employment.

(a) In Public Prosecutor v Low Vins [2015] SGDC 6, a police officer falsely
told his superior that he had visited two drug offenders’ homes and that they
were not in, resulting in the drug offenders being deprived of the option of
being sent to Drug Rehabilitation Centre even though they had dutifully
reported for bail. Instead, they were considered as offenders who had
absconded and were duly prosecuted and charged in court. The offender was
convicted under two charges under s 182 and received three months’
imprisonment per charge, to run concurrently. This was upheld on appeal. 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

Magistrate’s Appeal No 9035 of 2014.

(b) In Public Prosecutor v Charan Singh [2015] SGDC 180 (“Charan Singh”), the
offender was a senior investigation officer attached to the Investigations
Department of the Land Transport Authority (“LTA”). Some of Super Bike Centre
Pte Ltd’s (“Super Bike”) motorcycles were about to be auctioned off by the LTA
to recover outstanding road tax arrears. The offender represented to the
officers at the Road Tax Arrears department that his supervisor had authorised
the removal of Super Bike’s motorcycles from auction, and then represented to
his supervisor that the road tax arrears had been paid even though they had
not. The offender was convicted after trial of one charge under s 182. The
district judge found that the following factors aggravated the offence: (i)
the offence was deliberate, (ii) the offender abused his position as an
investigation officer and trusted colleague, and (iii) he was in fact a law
enforcement officer whose duty was to uphold the law rather than to subvert it
in the way that he did (at para [104]). The judge thus imposed a custodial
term of four weeks’ imprisonment (at [107]). This was upheld on appeal. 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

Magistrate’s Appeal No 3 of 2015.

(c) In Public Prosecutor v Bernard Lim Yong Soon [2014] SGDC 356 (“Lim Bernard
DC”), the offender was an Assistant Director of the National Parks Board
(“NParks”). He was in charge of purchasing a batch of foldable bicycles for
NParks. He tipped off one Lawrence Lim about the upcoming tender for the
supply of bicycles and gave him an indication of the price NParks was willing
to pay. It transpired that Lawrence Lim was the sole bidder and he was awarded
the tender. In an internal investigation about NParks’ purchase of a batch of
foldable bicycles, which the offender was in charge of, the offender denied
knowing Lawrence Lim. The offender also instigated Lawrence Lim to deny
knowing him to the authorities who questioned him. He faced two charges under
s 182, but was not charged with corruption. In sentencing the offender, the
judge took into account the fact that (i) the price NParks paid for the
bicycles was not excessive (at [98]), (ii) there was no predicate offence (at
[104]), (iii) the offender recanted his false statement after two days (at
[105]) and (iv) no reliance was placed on the offender’s false statement (at
[123]). The offender was sentenced to the maximum fine of $5,000 (at
[138]).This was upheld on appeal. 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

Magistrate’s Appeal No 124 of 2014.

33 This final category of cases deals with the more unique situation where the
offence involves the offender’s performance of his duties as a public servant.
These cases often engage a unique type of public interest related to the
integrity of the Public Service and the performance of public duties not seen
in other cases. Slightly different considerations are therefore at play in
sentencing.

34 From the above review, it can be seen that s 182 would encompass a wide
range of misconduct in different circumstances. While certain fact patterns
stand out, and while the sentences imposed in cases bearing similar fact
patterns may be rationalised, it is doubtful if a single sentencing framework
would ever be adequate to cater to the full range of different factual
scenarios.

Submissions on the appropriate sentencing guidelines

35 We first consider the Prosecution’s and the amicus’ submissions on the
appropriate sentencing guidelines for s 182 offences.

Prosecution

36 The Prosecution puts forward two broad guiding principles for determining
whether the custodial threshold has been crossed:

(a) whether any serious consequences arose from the breach of applicable
regulations or whether the conduct was so wholly innocent that one can
disregard it as an incidental transgression; and

(b) whether the investigation relates to conduct which would, if undetected or
unpunished, so undermine the standing of the public service that the
punishment must be a custodial sentence.

37 The Prosecution also identifies four further factors which are relevant to
offenders who are themselves public servants:

(a) whether the offender was a high ranking or influential official, or a
junior official;

(b) whether the consequences of the falsehood involved a significant aggregate
amount;

(c) whether the falsehood was perpetuated over an extended period of time, or
was repudiated/recanted soon after the falsehood was uttered; and

(d) whether the falsehood was said to cover-up a deliberate breach of conduct
rules, or to cover-up a careless lapse on the part of the public servant.

38 In our view, while the Prosecution’s proposed guiding principles identify
relevant factors that the courts should take into account in sentencing
offenders under s 182, they are not adequate as guidelines for all types of s
182 offences. For example, in the case of an offender who lies to the police
to cover for his friend who would have been prosecuted for drink driving,
there would be no breach of “applicable regulations” to speak of ([36(a)]
above), nor would there be any “breach of conduct rules” to cover-up ([37(d)]
above). The considerations proposed seem more directed at cases involving
public servant offenders committing a s 182 offence in the course of their
employment.

The amicus

39 The amicus proposes categorising all s 182 offences into four categories
based on the level of culpability and harm:

| Culpability and harm| Range of sentences  
---|---|---  
Cat A| No significant culpability and harm| Fine up to $5000  
Cat BC| Significant culpability but not harm| Imprisonment term between 1 week
and 6 months  
Cat BH| Significant harm but not culpability| Imprisonment term between 1 week
and 6 months  
Cat C| Significant culpability and harm| Imprisonment term between 3 months
and 9 months  
  
40 Significant culpability can be found in one or more of these scenarios 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

Amicus’ brief at para 37.

:

(a) the offender plays a leading or significant role where offending is part
of a group activity;

(b) there is the involvement of others through pressure, influence;

(c) there is an abuse of position of power or trust or responsibility;

(d) the offence is of a sophisticated nature and/or there has been significant
planning;

(e) it involves fraudulent activity conducted over sustained period of time or
on many occasions;

(f) there is the targeting of a large number of victims; or

(g) the offender deliberately targets a victim on basis of his or her
vulnerability.

41 Significant harm can be found in these scenarios:

(a) where the false statement results in a perversion of the course of justice
(eg, false statement to the police to help the statement-maker or another
evade the prosecution of an offence, or falsely alleging a crime against
another); 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

Amicus’ brief at para 59.

or

(b) where important public interests are at stake or strong public policy
considerations are involved (eg, harm to a large group of victims, harm to the
community at large, to national interest, or some other important public
interest). 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

Amicus’ brief at para 70.

42 According to the amicus, after determining the category under which the
offence falls, the appropriate quantum of fine or length of custodial term
should be determined by considering further factors that have an impact on the
offender’s culpability and the harm caused by the offence.

43 The further factors which are relevant in assessing the level of
culpability of the offender include: 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

Amicus’ brief at para 42.

(a) whether the offender knew or merely believed that the statement given was
false 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

Amicus’ brief at para 32.

;

(b) whether the offender intended or merely knew it to be likely that the harm
would arise 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

Amicus’ brief at para 33.

;

(c) whether the giving of false information was pre-meditated or planned, or
whether it was simply spontaneous;

(d) whether active, deliberate or sophisticated steps were taken by the
offender to bolster the deception and boost the chances of hoodwinking the
public authorities;

(e) the motive of the offender in giving the false information (malicious,
revenge, innocuous, or altruistic intention);

(f) whether the deception was perpetrated despite or in active defiance of a
warning not to lie;

(g) the number of times the lie was actively said;

(h) the number of people instigated or involved in the deception, and the
specific role played by the offender;

(i) whether the offender had exploited or exerted pressure on others in the
commission of the offence; and

(j) whether the offence is committed due to threat or pressure or fear of
another person is a mitigating factor. 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

Amicus’ brief at para 113.

44 The further factors which are relevant in assessing the level of harm
caused by the offence include:

(a) whether the false statement was recanted, and if so, after how long; 58

##### Foot Note 58

×

Amicus’ brief at para 78.

(b) the gravity of the predicate offence which the offender seeks to avoid or
help another avoid; 59

##### Foot Note 59

×

Amicus’ brief at para 65.

(c) the investigative resources unnecessarily expended; 60

##### Foot Note 60

×

Amicus’ brief at para 69.

(d) the extent to which the innocent victims were affected, how many victims
were affected, and the seriousness of the falsely-alleged crime; 61

##### Foot Note 61

×

Amicus’ brief at para 69.

and

(e) whether the offender obtained a financial advantage from the commission of
the offence. 62

##### Foot Note 62

×

Amicus’ brief at para 75.

45 We agree with the amicus’ approach of sentencing offenders based on the
degree of culpability and harm involved. Further, in our view, the amicus’
proposed sentencing guidelines helpfully and comprehensively identify the type
of concerns that have featured in the sentencing precedents and that should
shape the sentences for offences committed under s 182. However, given (a) the
narrow sentencing range available to the courts under s 182, (b) the wide
variety of factual circumstances in which the offence may be committed and (c)
the importance of maintaining simplicity and flexibility in the sentencing
guidelines laid down, we have some reservations about categorising the
appropriate sentence for this offence into four groups based on significant
culpability and harm. We shall explain.

Our view on the appropriate sentencing guidelines

46 In CLB at [9], the High Court observed that “s 182 covers an extensive
array of misinformation of greatly varying degrees of iniquity”. This
diversity is evident from our above survey of the types of conduct falling
within s 182. Indeed, in Lim Bernard CA, the Court of Appeal observed that a
wide array of factors was germane to sentencing for a s 182 offence (at [22]),
and that it was difficult to lay down sentencing benchmarks in the abstract
without the particular facts of the case (at [23]). While this observation may
be true of sentencing in general, in our view, the wide variety of misconduct
that is caught under s 182 makes it exceptionally difficult to identify a
single set of principal factors which can form the basis of a sentencing
framework.

47 In Poh Boon Kiat v Public Prosecutor [2014] 4 SLR 892 for example, the
court managed to identify “principal factual elements” applicable across all
the vice-related offences under consideration, and found it possible to define
three levels of culpability and two categories of harm based on those
principal facts (at [74]–[78]). Similarly, in Vasentha d/o Joseph v Public
Prosecutor [2015] 5 SLR 122, the court was able to build its sentencing
framework for the offence of trafficking in diamorphine on the quantity of
drugs involved in the trafficking charge as this would inevitably have a
strong bearing on the sentence to be imposed (at [19] and [23]). From these
examples, it is clear that a prerequisite to establishing a detailed
sentencing framework for a particular offence is the possibility of
identifying a set of principal fact(s) that significantly impact the gravity
of the offence across the board.

48 In our judgment, it is difficult to categorise s 182 offences based on a
set of “principal factual elements”. The way in which the offence may be
committed, the offender’s motivation and the outcome of a s 182 offence can
take a wide variety of shapes and forms. In particular, we find it difficult
to define in the abstract a uniform set of factors that allows us to
categorise an offender’s degree of culpability for s 182 offences and in turn
the appropriate punishment. For example, the significance of the fact that a
lie was repeatedly told, or that the offender may have had an intention to
reap personal benefit, must be assessed in context before the extent to which
these factors aggravate the offence can be assessed. As we put to the parties
in the course of the hearing, a public servant may have repeatedly lied to his
superiors about not being the one who did not turn off the printer or the
lights in the office. This is however unlikely to be treated by the courts as
a serious criminal offence. We would add that the factors which the amicus
identified as indicating “significant culpability” do not seem to be well
suited to s 182 of the Penal Code. The amicus adapted those factors from the
United Kingdom sentencing guidelines for the offence of fraud by failing to
disclose information, 63

##### Foot Note 63

×

Amicus’ brief at para 37.

which is quite different from an offence of giving false information to a
public servant. Also, as seen from the amicus’ own illustrative table, the
contemplated circumstances under which “significant culpability” may be found
have rarely presented themselves in the s 182 offences we have seen in
Singapore. Their utility as part of a sentencing framework is thus limited.

49 In the circumstances, given the broad nature of the s 182 offence, we are
of the view that we can do no more than to give some broad guidance as to the
type of cases that would generally attract a custodial sentence as a starting
point. Thereafter, we identify a non-exhaustive set of factors which we think
can affect the degree of culpability and harm of a s 182 offence. These
factors can then be used to determine if the starting point should be departed
from and/or what the appropriate quantum of fine or imprisonment term should
be.

Custodial threshold

50 In our view, whether the custodial threshold is crossed should essentially
be determined based on the degree of harm caused or likely to be caused by the
s 182 offence. As the High Court in CLB observed at [9], “the [sentencing]
norm must be varied according to the circumstances of each case, in
particular, the mischief that might be caused by the false information”
[emphasis added]. Specifically, if appreciable harm may be caused by the s 182
offence, the courts should, as a starting point, impose a custodial term. The
range of harm that may ensue includes personal injury (eg, by causing another
to contract HIV), loss of liberty (eg, by causing another to be unjustifiably
arrested), financial loss (eg, by lying to facilitate the misappropriation of
property or to commit insurance fraud) or harm arising from the wastage of
public investigative resources.

51 Several qualifications should also be added:

(a) First, the harm must be causally connected to the provision of false
information. In other words, the only relevant harm is the harm that was
caused by the provision of false information. For example, an offender who
lies about being the driver of the car to shield his friend from a drink
driving charge merely makes it more difficult for the investigative
authorities to bring the true perpetrator to justice and may cause the wastage
of investigative resources – which is a different form of harm in itself. The
false information, however, did not cause the drink driving offence to be
committed.

(b) Second, the harm in question must be more than de minimis. It is important
to keep in mind that a custodial term is only justified if the offence is of
sufficient gravity. Parliament has increased the range of possible fines to
give the courts more flexibility to impose higher fines instead of a custodial
term. For example, unless otherwise proved, misleading investigative
authorities for a few hours or even a day or two may not on the facts have the
potential to bring about sufficient harm such as to justify a custodial term
as the starting point. The Lim Bernard DC case is an illustration of this. The
fact that the offender lied about his relationship with Lawrence Lim before
recanting two days later cannot be said to have caused more than de minimis
harm to the investigative process or public resources. By contrast, in Liu
Linyan for example, although the false statement was recanted after a day, it
caused the victim of the false allegation to be unjustifiably held in police
custody for 19 hours (see [22(c)] above). This is clearly appreciable harm.
Also, in CLB, lying on a blood donor form had the potential to cause
significant harm even if no harm actually eventuated (in that no third person
was infected with HIV); the serious potential consequences were sufficient to
justify a custodial sentence as a starting point. In this kind of situation,
public interest and general deterrence must be accorded paramount
consideration.

(c) Third, harm in this context refers to both actual and potential harm. The
fact that harm did not actually eventuate because the lie was detected fast
enough or the offender was simply lucky should not detract from the
justifiability of a custodial sentence if the potential for harm to be caused
was real and significant. For example, in cases such as Kumaran (see [30(b)]
above), even if the money was eventually recovered and returned to the victim
after the offender was apprehended, the offence nevertheless still had the
strong potential to cause the victim financial loss by facilitating the
commission of the predicate offence and this harm should contribute to pushing
the case across the custodial threshold. By contrast, and for the sake of
argument, if the sum misappropriated had been merely a few dollars, this may
be considered no more than de minimis harm.

(d) Fourth, it would usually, if not always, be relevant to assess the
potential harm caused by the offence with reference to the duration that the
falsehood was maintained. It can be fairly said that generally, if the
falsehood was recanted quickly, appreciable harm is unlikely to be caused.

(e) Finally, it is acknowledged that “appreciable harm” is not a test capable
of being applied with scientific precision. There will be many cases on the
borderline, especially when the court is required to assess the potential
consequences which could have ensued from the provision of false information,
but did not on the facts. Nevertheless, it should be borne in mind that the
sentencing court must still ultimately exercise its discretion on the facts of
each case. The laying down of guidelines is merely intended to achieve a
measure of consistency in sentencing and to provide a starting point for the
courts. It is not meant to restrict the court’s discretion in sentencing,
something which we recognise is much needed especially in the context of s 182
offences.

52 We would add that in our view, there is good basis to rely essentially on
the degree of harm to define the custodial threshold as a starting point.
Section 182 of the Penal Code ultimately seeks to protect the public against
the potential harm that may result from a public officer misusing his/her
powers, or failing to perform his/her duties.

53 This approach is generally consistent with the sentencing precedents. In
Wong Yi Hao Henry for example, a fine was justified because no appreciable
harm was caused by the offender lying to the primary school about his
residential address (see [28(d)] above). But we must emphasise that should an
offence of such a nature become more prevalent, the public interest may well
dictate otherwise. Similarly, in Lim Bernard DC, a fine was justified because
the offender’s attempt to cover up his relationship with Lawrence Lim did not
have the potential to cause appreciable harm given that his superiors did not
take his word at face value and continued investigating into possible
improprieties (see [32(c)] above). This would have made further improprieties
in the procurement process unlikely even if the offender had not recanted his
false statement. Moreover, that case involved a one-off purchase. Also, in
cases where an offender provides false information to shield another from
investigation (eg, in Ee Chong Kiat Tommy or Kuah Geok Bee – see [26(e)] and
[26(f)] above), where this does not cause a significant wastage of
investigative resources nor does it hurt any third party, the starting point
of a custodial sentence may not be appropriate. However, we must reiterate
that we are merely laying down a starting point. In some cases where harm is
de minimis but culpability is high, (for eg, where aggravating factors such as
the offender’s irresponsibility (see for eg, in Sivaprakash at [26(a)] above),
persistence in maintaining the lie (see for eg, in Yeo Fang Yi at [26(b)]
above) or evidence of pre-meditation (see for eg, Poh Chee Hwee at [26(c)]
above) exist), a custodial sentence could very well be justified on the facts.

54 Conversely, cases in which the offender makes a police report alleging a
crime against an innocent party have generally resulted in custodial terms
given the risk of arrest and embarrassment those false allegations create (see
[22] above). Also, cases in which the false information has caused a
significant wastage of public resources have also resulted in a custodial term
(see for eg, Moscardon at [24(a)] above).

55 We should point out that in the case of Alvin Chan (see [30(c)] above),
while the offender was sentenced to a $4,000 fine on the facts, we are of the
view that the starting point should have been a custodial sentence given that
the attempted insurance fraud had the potential to cause significant financial
losses to the insurer. Other mitigating factors may justify reducing the
sentence to a fine instead – but that would have to depend on the specific
facts of the case.

Other relevant sentencing factors

56 The above test of appreciable harm merely provides the sentencing court
with a starting point. Other relevant sentencing factors should then be taken
into account to determine (a) if the starting point should be departed from,
and (b) what the appropriate quantum of fine and/or length of imprisonment
should be. As to what these other relevant sentencing factors are, we
gratefully adopt the factors identified by the amicus and reproduced at [43]
and [44] above as a non-exhaustive list of factors that future courts should
take into account (where applicable) in determining the appropriate sentence
in each case.

Present case

Appellant’s submissions

57 The main grounds advanced by the Appellant in his appeal against his
sentence are:

(a) the prior and subsequent procurement improprieties the Appellant
perpetrated from 2005 to 2012 (namely, signing off on contracts to Ivy’s
Companies despite his sexual relationship with her hence placing himself in a
position of conflict of interest in breach of, inter alia, the Government
Instruction Manual) should not be a relevant sentencing fact in this case
because (i) the false information was given in response to a question about
his personal affairs and not in the context of an inquiry about the way he
awarded contracts to vendors or the integrity of the procurement process; 64

##### Foot Note 64

×

Appellant’s submissions at paras 17-24, 60.

(ii) the Appellant provided the false information out of embarrassment 65

##### Foot Note 65

×

Appellant’s submissions at paras 26-32.

and the procurement process was not on the Appellant’s mind when he denied the
affair; 66

##### Foot Note 66

×

Appellant’s submissions at para 60 .

and (iii) there is no evidence that he actually manipulated the tender process
or that he caused public funds to be misapplied; 67

##### Foot Note 67

×

Appellant’s submissions at para 52.

(b) the DJ erred in speculating that there could have been corruption and that
there were other reasons to explain why the Appellant was not charged with
corruption 68

##### Foot Note 68

×

Appellant’s submissions at paras 66-68.

;

(c) the lie about the affair in 2005 was one-off and the lie which is the
subject matter of the TIC charge was of a different character from the first
lie; 69

##### Foot Note 69

×

Appellant’s submissions at paras 72-74.

(d) the DJ failed to consider relevant mitigating factors including his
contributions to the public service 70

##### Foot Note 70

×

Appellant’s submissions at paras 89-91.

and evidence of his good character; 71

##### Foot Note 71

×

Appellant’s submissions at paras 92-94.

(e) the DJ erred in failing to consider the sentencing considerations in Lim
Bernard DC and in finding that that case was less serious than the present; 72

##### Foot Note 72

×

Appellant’s submissions at paras 121, 127-132.

and

(f) the DJ failed to explain why the facts justified a custodial sentence, or
why a four week term was appropriate 73

##### Foot Note 73

×

Appellant’s submissions at paras 134 and 149.

– in fact, this case is less serious than CLB, Charan Singh and West Jack
Gilbert, all of which are cases where a four weeks’ imprisonment term was
meted out.

Relevance of the procurement improprieties

58 The most important question that arises on the facts of this case is
whether the prior and subsequent procurement improprieties the Appellant
perpetrated from 2005 to 2012 is a relevant sentencing factor. Before us,
counsel for the Appellant, Mr Eric Tin (“Mr Tin”), submitted that the
procurement improprieties were simply not on the Appellant’s mind during the
interview. Instead, he was overwhelmed by the embarrassment of being
confronted with his extra-marital affair. The procurement improprieties are
therefore not connected to the present offence and given that the Appellant is
not being punished for those procurement improprieties but for the provision
of false information about his affair with Ivy, the court should not take into
account the procurement improprieties in sentencing the Appellant.

59 In this regard, it is essential to carefully scrutinise the section of the
statement of facts describing the interview:

18\. During the interview, Ms Chia directly questioned the accused on whether
he had an affair with Ivy – a service provider to JJC. The accused falsely
stated to Ms Chia, a public servant, that he was not having an affair with
Ivy, which information he knew to be false. He was adamant in his denial.

19\. During the interview, as the accused denied being sexually involved with
Ivy, Ms Chia reminded the accused about the importance of maintaining the
integrity of the procurement process, and advised the accused against any
personal involvement with Ivy, whose company was bidding for contracts and
providing services to the accused’s school. The accused acknowledged that he
understood Ms Chia’s advice. [emphasis added in italics and bold italics]

60 From the statement of facts, it is evident that (a) Ms Chia did direct the
Appellant’s mind to the issue of possible procurement improprieties, and (b)
the Appellant acknowledged that he understood Ms Chia’s advice. In this
context, it is unbelievable that the issue of procurement improprieties was
not on the Appellant’s mind at all. Even if the Appellant did not realise, at
the time he denied the extramarital affair, that the interview pertained to
procurement issues, he must have realised what was at stake after Ms Chia
reminded him about the importance of maintaining the integrity of the
procurement process. At that point, it was open to him to retract his denial.
Even if he was too embarrassed to do so, the least he could have done, if he
truly felt embarrassment and remorse, was to remove himself from the position
of conflict of interest thereafter. Instead, the Appellant continued signing
off on contracts awarded to Ivy’s Companies. The Appellant’s provision of
false information to Ms Chia enabled him to cover up his improper involvement
in approving contracts to Ivy’s Companies, and perpetrate the procurement
improprieties for the next seven years, tainting the award of more than $3m
worth of government contracts.

61 In the circumstances, we are of the view that the Appellant’s continued
involvement in the award of government contracts to Ivy’s Companies is clearly
a relevant sentencing factor that should be taken into account and which
aggravates the offence. It does not matter that the Appellant’s intention may
not have been to cover up the procurement improprieties or to help Ivy obtain
more contracts in future. There is a clear causal connection between the
provision of false information and the continuation of the procurement
improprieties.

Custodial threshold

62 As mentioned, to determine whether the case justifies a custodial term, at
least as a starting point, the court has to ask whether the offence caused, or
had the potential to cause, appreciable harm. In this case, there is no
finding of actual corruption or misuse of public funds. Nevertheless, in our
view, appreciable harm was clearly caused by the offence. By concealing his
affair with Ivy, a school vendor, and passively maintaining the falsehood, the
Appellant was allowed to undermine the integrity of the procurement process
and confidence in the Public Service, 74

##### Foot Note 74

×

Prosecution’s submissions at paras 103-108.

especially since the conflict of interest went undetected for a long period of
time. It is also significant that a large number of contracts of significant
value were infected by this impropriety (regardless of whether Ivy could have
obtained the contracts without the Appellant on the final approving board).

63 This case is clearly distinguishable from Lim Bernard DC, which the defence
relied heavily upon. In Lim Bernard DC, the provision of false information
only impeded internal investigations for about two days, after which, the lie
was recanted. The offending conduct in that case was done in order to cover up
a prior impropriety; it did not facilitate or allow the commission of further
improprieties. Harm to person or property, or to the public service, did not
continue to be caused by the false provision of information. In this case, the
provision of false information enabled the procurement improprieties to
continue for the next seven years, and for more than $3m worth of government
contracts to be tainted by this. The harm in this case is therefore clearly
much greater.

64 In our judgment, the custodial threshold in this case is undoubtedly
crossed. As a starting point, a custodial sentence should be imposed. It only
remains to be determined whether the other relevant sentencing factors justify
(a) a departure from this starting point, or (b) lowering the term of
imprisonment.

Other relevant factors

65 In our view, the fact that the Appellant did not repeat the lie which is
the subject of the charge is not significantly mitigating. Given his senior
position in the public service, he was clearly trusted by Ms Chia and MOE. The
fact that he was allowed to continue sitting on the QAP approving contracts to
Ivy’s Companies demonstrates that the MOE assumed throughout that he was
telling the truth (without him having to repeat the lie). We find it
particularly aggravating that despite having been warned by Ms Chia, and
claiming to have been embarrassed by the situation, he nevertheless allowed
the procurement improprieties to continue for such a long time. Indeed, in a
case like the present, so long as the false statement was not retracted, that
effectively amounted to a continuous assertion of the falsehood by the
Appellant.

66 Also, we did not think the DJ erred in treating the absence of a corruption
charge as a neutral factor. While she may have given a view as to why the
Appellant was not charged with corruption, she nevertheless treated that as a
neutral factor and we do likewise in reviewing the Appellant’s sentence. As we
made clear at [62] above, we sentence the Appellant on the basis that there is
no finding of actual corruption or misuse of public funds.

67 As to the Appellant’s motive for lying, we are content to accept Mr Tin’s
submission that the Appellant’s motive was not to cover up the previous
procurement improprieties, or to enable the perpetration of further
procurement improprieties for Ivy’s benefit. However, even if he was,
momentarily, motivated primarily by embarrassment, his subsequent brazen
conduct was clearly inconsistent with any continued embarrassment or remorse.
And as stated at [65], so long as he did not retract his false statement, he
was in effect continuously asserting the falsehood.

68 In Singapore, the integrity of the public service and its freedom from
corruption are matters which are highly prized. Public perception and trust in
the government and in its integrity is of the highest importance. The
Appellant’s actions significantly threatened this, bearing in mind the length
of time his affair went undiscovered, as well as the value of contracts that
were improperly approved by the Appellant (given the conflict of interest).
The Appellant knowingly concealed his affair with Ivy and continued to
improperly approve government contracts to Ivy’s Companies. Such conduct
impinges on the public interest and must be deterred. This is especially since
the effect of the Appellant’s lie was enhanced by the trust reposed in him as
a senior public servant by the MOE. No further investigation was carried out –
he was taken at his word and allowed to continue awarding contracts to Ivy’s
Companies undiscovered. These are significantly aggravating factors. Seen in
this light, we are of the view that his contributions to the public service
and evidence of his good character – the very things he abused in committing
the offence – are not of substantial mitigating value.

69 All things considered, therefore, we do not think that the four weeks’
imprisonment term is manifestly excessive.

70 Mr Tin has raised three precedents which we will briefly deal with. CLB
concerned the making a false declaration on a blood donor form (see [28(a)]
above), and West Jack Gilbert involved an offender providing false information
about his past criminal record on an application to MOE to be a teacher (see
[28(c)] above). In both these cases, the offender was sentenced to four weeks’
imprisonment and Mr Tin’s submission is that the present case is less serious.
In our view, these fact patterns are too dissimilar to the present to be a
meaningful basis for evaluating the appropriateness of the present sentence.
In CLB, the interest protected was the public health system and the well-being
of patients who receive blood. In West Jack Gilbert, what was primarily at
stake was the well-being of the students that the offender was allowed to
interact with. In this case, we are concerned with the integrity of the Public
Service and the procurement process. These are incommensurables and it is
impossible to say which interest is more important and worthy of greater
protection. We therefore see no basis for Mr Tin’s submission that the
offences in CLB and West Jack Gilbert are more egregious. Given the wide
diversity of s 182 offences, it is only meaningful for the sentencing courts
to compare sentencing precedents which bear at least some factual resemblance
to the case before it.

71 Charan Singh bears slightly more resemblance to the present case as it also
involves a public servant abusing his position in the provision of false
information (see [32(b)] above). However, we note that the improprieties in
Charan Singh were quickly detected (unlike the seven years it took in this
case) and did not involve sums as large as those involved in the present case.
Therefore, there is no basis to say that the offence in Charan Singh was more
serious than the present.

Public servant offenders

72 Finally, we should address the relevance of the fact that the offender
guilty of a s 182 offence may himself be a public servant. In our view, this
is not always an aggravating factor. Insofar as the offender’s status as a
public servant may accentuate the harm caused by his actions, or may increase
his culpability for the offence because he may have abused his position in the
public service in telling the lie, these will certainly be relevant sentencing
factors that aggravate the offence. However, where the false information was
provided in a context that is completely unrelated to his work, the fact that
the offender is a public servant is unlikely to be an aggravating factor.

73 In Public Prosecutor v Mohdnizam bin Othman [2007] SGDC 41, the offender, a
police officer, falsely reported to the police that his ex-wife had forged his
signature in an application for a card, triggering investigations into
cheating and forgery against her. In fact, he had authorized her to sign the
application form on his behalf. He only falsely reported his ex-wife to the
police after their marital relationship broke down. The court found that the
fact the offender was a police officer holding the rank of sergeant was an
aggravating factor as his duty was to uphold the law, not to abuse it (at
[52]), and sentenced the offender to three months’ imprisonment. The sentence
was upheld on appeal. 75

##### Foot Note 75

×

Magistrate’s Appeal No 188 of 2006.

We have serious doubts as to the correctness of this proposition. The motive
and circumstances in which the offence was committed clearly had nothing to do
with the offender’s job. It was done against his ex-wife following the break-
down of his personal relationship. The fact that the offender also happened to
be a sergeant with the police force should not have been treated as an
aggravating factor.

74 The present case is different. Here, the fact that the Appellant was a
senior public servant had implications on both his culpability as well as the
harm caused by the false information he provided. It therefore was correctly
taken into account in determining the Appellant’s sentence.

Conclusion

75 In conclusion, we find that the DJ’s sentence of four weeks’ imprisonment
was neither arrived at on the basis of an error of fact or law, nor is it
manifestly excessive. As such, we dismiss the appeal.

Sundaresh Menon Chao Hick Tin See Kee Oon  
Chief Justice Judge of Appeal Judicial Commissioner

Eric Tin Keng Seng and Sheryl Loh Xin Ling (Donaldson & Burkinshaw LLP) for
the appellant;  
Tan Ken Hwee, G Kannan, Grace Lim and Navin Naidu (Attorney-General’s
Chambers) for the respondent;  
Benny Tan Zhi Peng as young amicus curiae.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:40 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

