Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the republic of singapore

[2016] SGHC 204

Suit No 724 of 2014  
(Registrar’s Appeal No 154 of 2016)

Between

| (1)| Tong Seak Kan  
---|---  
(2)| Kensington Park Holdings Ltd  
  
… Plaintiffs

And

| | Jaya Sudhir a/l Jayaram  
---|---  
  
… Defendant

GROUNDS OF DECISION

[Civil Procedure] — [Pleadings] — [Striking out]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Tong Seak Kan and another

  
v

  

Jaya Sudhir a/l Jayaram

[2016] SGHC 204

High Court — Suit No 724 of 2014 (Registrar’s Appeal No 154 of 2016)  
Hoo Sheau Peng JC  
16, 27 May, 30 June 2016; 30 June 2016

27 September 2016

Hoo Sheau Peng JC:

1 This was an appeal by the defendant, Mr Jaya Sudhir a/l Jayaram (“the
defendant”), against the decision of Assistant Registrar Nicholas Poon (“the
AR”) to strike out certain portions of the Defence under O 18 r 19(1) of the
Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2014 Rev Ed) (“ROC”). These portions concerned
allegations that the plaintiffs, Mr Tong Seak Kan (“the first plaintiff”) and
Kensington Park Holdings Limited (“the second plaintiff”), had committed or
procured acts of harassment against the defendant (“the alleged harassment”).
The appeal centred on the relevance of the alleged harassment. After
considering the parties’ arguments, I concluded that the AR was right to
strike out these portions, and dismissed the appeal. The defendant has
appealed against my decision. I now provide my reasons.

Background

Parties

2 The first plaintiff is a Macau businessman, while the second plaintiff is a
company incorporated in the British Virgin Islands. Collectively, I shall
continue to refer to them as “the plaintiffs”. While the first plaintiff
claimed that he controlled the second plaintiff at all material times, this
fact was not admitted by the defendant. A Malaysian businessman, the defendant
controlled the following three companies: Firstfield Limited (“Firstfield”),
Al-Rafidian Holdings Pte Ltd (“Al-Rafidian”) and Petunia Venture Corp
(“Petunia”).

Statement of Claim

3 In the Statement of Claim (Amendment No 1) (“Statement of Claim”), the
plaintiffs claimed against the defendant various sums of money. 18 sums of
money were listed in Annex A of the Statement of Claim. I shall refer to each
of these payments as “Payment (1)”, “Payment (2)”, and so on. The plaintiffs
also claimed for two other sums of money which the defendant was allegedly
responsible for. For the purposes of this appeal, I shall elaborate on
Payments (1) to (18), and the documents which the defendant purportedly signed
to acknowledge indebtedness to the plaintiffs.

4 For Payments (1) to (5), the plaintiffs pleaded that they had contracted
with Firstfield for services relating to a planned project for the supply of
liquefied natural gas from Indonesia. In the course of the performance of this
agreement, at the defendant’s request, the plaintiffs transferred Payments (1)
and (2) to Hesselink Investments Limited and Payments (3) to (5) to Al-
Rafidian.

5 Additionally, the plaintiffs asserted that between 2009 and 2010, the
plaintiffs had extended a number of personal loans to the defendant. These
were Payments (6) to (18). Although Payment (17) was an advance of US$250,000
to a person known as Rianto, who was a business associate of the defendant,
the defendant agreed to be responsible for the amount advanced.

6 In connection with Payment (16), the defendant signed a loan agreement dated
5 February 2010 (“5 February 2010 Loan Agreement”). In respect of Payments (1)
to (16), the defendant signed a document dated 5 February 2010 titled “List of
Loans to Mr. Jaya Sudhir”, acknowledging his indebtedness (“5 February 2010
Acknowledgement”). Subsequently, the defendant signed another document, dated
3 March 2010, titled “List of Loans to Mr. Jaya Sudhir” wherein he
acknowledged his indebtedness for Payments (1) to (18) (“3 March 2010
Acknowledgement”). This superseded the 5 February 2010 Acknowledgement.
Subsequently, on 30 December 2010, the plaintiffs entered into an agreement by
deed (“30 December 2010 Deed”) under which Al-Rafidian and Petunia would be
liable to repay sums owed under Payments (6), (9) and (10), and the defendant
would personally guarantee the repayment obligations of Al-Rafidian and
Petunia.

7 Al-Rafidian, Petunia and the defendant failed to make the repayments as
agreed in the various documents. Based on the 30 December 2010 Deed, the
plaintiffs claimed against the defendant for Payments (6), (9) and (10). Based
on the 3 March 2010 Acknowledgement, the plaintiffs claimed against the
defendant for the remaining 15 payments.

Defence

8 In his Defence, the defendant denied liability in any way to the plaintiffs.
The defendant contended that the various sums of money were paid in connection
with business ventures among the parties for which he was not liable. There
were no personal loans to him.

9 Among many other disputes, the defendant contested the enforceability of the
documents mentioned at [6] above. Two main grounds were raised. First, the
defendant alleged that the documents were part of a sham in that the defendant
had been tricked into entering into them by the first plaintiff’s
representations that the documents were meant to assure the plaintiffs’
creditors and the Macau court as to the first plaintiff’s ability to pay his
debts. The documents were not meant to create legally binding obligations, and
were not meant to be enforced against the defendant. Second, the documents
were created to defraud the first plaintiff’s creditors and the Macau court,
and were void for illegality.

10 In addition to the documents mentioned at [6] above, the defendant pleaded
that at the first plaintiff’s request, the defendant entered into two more
agreements with the second plaintiff on 28 February 2011 (“February 2011
Agreements”). These have not been pleaded in the Statement of Claim. The
February 2011 Agreements stated that Al-Rafidian and Petunia had obtained a
series of loans from the second plaintiff between 2008 to 2010 and that the
defendant agreed to guarantee the repayment of those loans. Again, the
defendant alleged that prior to signing the February 2011 Agreements, the
first plaintiff had represented that the sole aim was to deceive the first
plaintiff’s creditors and the Macau court as to the first plaintiff’s ability
to pay his debts, and that the February 2011 Agreements would not be used for
any other purpose. Again, these agreements were said to be unenforceable, and
void for illegality.

11 Contrary to these representations, well before any legal proceedings were
brought, the plaintiffs engaged in a campaign of harassment against the
defendant and Al-Rafidian so as to coerce the defendant into performing the
obligations under the February 2011 Agreements. As I mentioned at the outset,
the relevance of the alleged harassment was at the heart of the appeal. I set
out more details of the allegations at [17] below.

The proceedings below

12 Before the AR, the plaintiffs applied to strike out two aspects of the
Defence. The first aspect concerned portions relating to the February 2011
Agreements. The second aspect concerned the alleged harassment, as set out
from the last sentence of para 49 to the end of para 52 of the Defence. The AR
conducted two hearings. For clarity, I will summarise each hearing separately
as the application was complicated by the introduction, after the first
hearing, of certain proposed amendments to the Defence.

The first hearing

13 At the first hearing, counsel for the plaintiffs pointed out that the
plaintiffs were not relying on the February 2011 Agreements, and that these
were not relevant to the dispute. As for the alleged harassment, it was not
even probative of whether the February 2011 Agreements formed a sham or not.
What was material was whether the defendant was tricked into signing the
February 2011 Agreements, and not the mode of attempted enforcement chosen by
the plaintiffs afterwards. The alleged harassment was irrelevant, and
therefore scandalous. It also unnecessarily expanded the scope of the evidence
required for the trial.

14 Counsel for the defendant replied that the February 2011 Agreements were
connected to the documents which the plaintiffs were seeking to enforce. It
was submitted that the alleged harassment was relevant to the legality of the
whole transaction because the plaintiffs would not have had any reason to
resort to harassment if the transaction had been legal. Counsel for the
defendant added that he intended to amend the Defence. The amendments would
make the relevance of the alleged harassment more apparent.

15 The AR indicated that he considered the February 2011 Agreements to be
relevant because they overlapped with the prior documents. Therefore, the
trial judge would have to consider which documents were binding. Further, the
AR considered that the February 2011 Agreements formed part of the necessary
context of the transactions. As for the alleged harassment, he adjourned the
application to allow the defendant to propose the necessary amendments so as
to assess the relevance of the alleged harassment in light of any
clarifications to the Defence.

The second hearing

16 The defendant did not comply with the timeline imposed for providing a
draft amended Defence. It was only on the day of the second hearing that a
draft was provided, with proposed amendments to paras 51 and 52 (“the first
draft amended Defence”). Nonetheless, in making his decision, the AR
considered the first draft amended Defence.

17 Before going to the proposed amendments, I set out in more detail the
alleged harassment as pleaded in paras 49 to 50 of the Defence. At para 49, it
was alleged that the defendant and Al-Rafidian (at its offices) received
“harassing telephone calls for repayment of alleged debts owed by the
Defendant, [Al-Rafidian] and [Petunia]” (at para 49(a)), as well as “malicious
fliers, notices and purported Chinese newspaper articles”, some of which
“featured the photographs of the Defendant and his wife”, alleging non-payment
of those debts (at para 49(b)). The fliers were said to have been pasted and
distributed around the vicinity of the premises of the defendant and Al-
Rafidian. The Defence also alleged unspecified acts of harassment by “debt
collectors and unsavoury characters” and that a letter had been sent to one
employee’s spouse threatening to send embarrassing fliers and brochures to the
spouse’s workplace (at para 50).

18 At para 51 of the Defence, it was alleged that the defendant communicated
with the first plaintiff regarding the harassment. An email response dated 1
May 2011 sent by the first plaintiff was referred to. In the first draft
amended Defence, the defendant proposed removal of the reference to the email
response dated 1 May 2011. Instead, the proposed amendments added details
regarding the defendant’s reaction to the alleged harassment. In particular,
it was stated that by an email of 3 April 2011 (“April 2011 Email”) from the
defendant to the first plaintiff, the defendant asserted that “he had been
tricked by the [first plaintiff] into signing sham documents of loans to
[himself], [Al-Rafidian] and [Petunia].”

19 At para 52, the Defence stated that the plaintiffs’ actions, including the
alleged harassment, showed that they had “every intention to enforce [the
February 2011 Agreements] in breach of the representations” they had made, and
that:

… The Defendant, [Al-Rafidian] and [Petunia] did not receive any letter of
demand from any firm of solicitors acting for the 2nd Plaintiff seeking
recovery of the alleged loans under [the February 2011 Agreements], despite
the letters/email of [a series of dates from 24 May 2011 to 8 December 2011]
of the solicitors acting for the Defendant, [Al-Rafidian] and [Petunia] to
[the plaintiffs] denying the alleged debt and calling upon [the plaintiffs] to
stop the harassment and appoint solicitors to liaise directly with the
solicitors for the Defendant, [Al-Rafidian] and [Petunia]…

The paragraph concluded by stating that the plaintiffs had then initiated Suit
No 842 of 2012 (“S 842/2012”) and Suit No 844 of 2012 (“S 844/2012”) in a
further attempt to enforce the February 2011 Agreements. It was not disputed
that these proceedings have been discontinued.

20 In the first draft amended Defence, the defendant proposed to replace the
references in para 52 to “the 28 February 2011 Agreements” (see [18] above)
with references to “the Impugned Documents”, a term defined in para 53 of the
Defence as consisting of “the 5 February 2010 Loan Agreement, 5 February 2010
Acknowledgement, 3 March 2010 Acknowledgement, 30 December 2010 Deed and 28
February 2011 Agreements”. In effect, this widened the ambit of para 52, by
claiming that by the alleged harassment, the plaintiffs evinced intention to
enforce the Impugned Documents rather than just the February 2011 Agreements.

21 Although counsel for the plaintiffs did not have prior notice of the
proposed amendments in the first draft amended Defence, he submitted that the
alleged harassment after the signing of the February 2011 Agreements had no
bearing on the defence that the Impugned Documents constituted a sham at the
time they were entered into. Counsel for the defendant replied that the
alleged harassment was conducted or procured in order to coerce the defendant
into treating the Impugned Documents as binding, and that this showed that the
Impugned Documents were indeed part of a sham and that the plaintiffs were
fully aware of that fact. When counsel for the defendant was asked by the AR
to explain his reasoning, he stated that the harassment began after the
signing of the Impugned Documents and asserted that this demonstrated the
plaintiffs’ knowledge that the Impugned Documents formed a sham. Otherwise, he
claimed, the plaintiffs would have attempted to enforce their rights through
the court process immediately.

The Assistant Registrar’s decision

22 The AR took the view that even with the proposed amendments, the alleged
harassment was irrelevant. He agreed with the plaintiffs that the alleged
harassment had no relevance to the legality of the Impugned Documents. The
defendant’s position that the Impugned Documents were part of a sham could be
proved without reference to the alleged harassment; a party could attempt to
enforce a legal agreement through improper means and vice versa. Therefore,
the AR ordered that the last sentence of para 49 to the end of para 52 of the
Defence be struck out. This aspect of the decision was the subject of the
appeal which was before me. The AR declined, however, to strike out the
portions relating to the February 2011 Agreements for the reasons he indicated
at the first hearing (see [15] above). The plaintiffs did not cross-appeal
against that part of the decision.

The arguments on appeal

23 It should be noted that at first instance, counsel for the defendant’s
arguments regarding the alleged harassment rested on the point that proving
the alleged harassment would tend to show that the Impugned Documents were
part of a sham. At the appeal, counsel for the defendant argued that the
alleged harassment was relevant for two new and distinct reasons:

(a) It formed the context leading up to the April 2011 Email in which the
defendant asserted that he had been tricked into signing the Impugned
Documents.

(b) In relation to a defence of promissory estoppel, it evidenced the
plaintiffs’ intention to resile from their representation that they would not
try to enforce the Impugned Documents and, further, constituted the required
element of detriment.

24 With regard to the second reason, counsel for the defendant also proposed a
new para 52A to the first draft amended Defence. At the hearing, he tendered
this new version (“the second draft amended Defence”) which stated, in
relevant part:

52A. Accordingly, the Plaintiffs are estopped from denying or resiling from
their representations that the Impugned Documents would not be used or
enforced against the Defendant, [Al-Rafidian] and [Petunia].

Although reliance on the plaintiffs’ representations had been pleaded
elsewhere in the Defence (specifically, at para 48), this was the first time
estoppel had been mentioned in the course of the proceedings.

25 In response, counsel for the plaintiffs reiterated that with regard to the
defence based on the sham or illegal nature of the Impugned Documents, what
was relevant was whether there was trickery and/or illegal intent, not whether
harassment was subsequently used to exert pressure on the defendant. As for
the defence of promissory estoppel, he submitted that if the defendant wished
to raise such a defence, the more appropriate detriment for him to rely on
would be the signing of the Impugned Documents and the apparent incurring of
liability as a result, not the alleged harassment which took place afterwards.

26 I noted that the defence of promissory estoppel had been introduced in a
newly-proposed amendment which counsel for the defendant had failed to
communicate to the plaintiffs in advance. Therefore, I granted leave to the
plaintiffs to file further submissions on this point if they saw fit. In the
further submissions which were duly filed, counsel for the plaintiffs
maintained and further developed the position. It was contended that detriment
for the purpose of promissory estoppel must be either a harm already suffered
as a result of reliance on a representation, or a harm which would be suffered
if the promisor were allowed to resile from the representation. The Court of
Appeal decision of Lam Chi Kin David v Deutsche Bank AG [2011] 1 SLR 800 (“Lam
Chi Kin”) and the High Court decision of Abdul Jalil bin Ahmad bin Talib and
others v A Formation Construction Pte Ltd [2006] 4 SLR(R) 778 (“Abdul Jalil
(HC)”) (affirmed, but without consideration of this point, by the Court of
Appeal in Abdul Jalil bin Ahmad bin Talib and others v A Formation
Construction Pte Ltd [2007] 3 SLR(R) 592) were cited in support of this
position. The alleged harassment did not fall within either recognised
category as it was not suffered by virtue of the defendant’s reliance on the
plaintiffs’ representations. Thus, the allegations remained irrelevant, even
with the addition of the promissory estoppel defence.

My decision

27 Having considered the parties’ arguments, my view was that the alleged
harassment was irrelevant and should remain struck out. The arguments
presented to me on appeal did not change that.

The law on striking out

28 I start with the law applicable to a striking out application, which the
parties did not dispute. It is trite that pleadings may be struck out on the
grounds stated within any of the four limbs of O 18 r 19(1) of the ROC. While
all the four limbs were cited by counsel for the plaintiffs, primarily,
reliance was placed on O 18 r 19(1)(b) of the ROC, that the pleading was
scandalous, frivolous, or vexatious. In my view, O 18 r 19(1)(c) was also
material, in that a pleading which may prejudice, embarrass or delay the fair
trial of the action may be struck out. I shall expand briefly on these two
limbs below.

29 Under O 18 r 19(1)(b) of the ROC, pleadings will be scandalous “[i]f any
unnecessary matter in a pleading contains any imputation on the opponent, or
makes any charge of misconduct or bad faith against him or anyone else”:
Singapore Civil Procedure 2016 vol 1 (Foo Chee Hock JC gen ed) (Sweet &
Maxwell, 2016) (“SCP 2016”) at para 18/19/11. Thus, the Court of Appeal held
that once it was shown that a pleading contained an imputation on an opponent
or a charge of misconduct or bad faith, “the sole question was whether or not
the matter alleged to be scandalous had a tendency to show the truth of any
allegation material to the relief sought” (emphasis added): Lai Swee Lin Linda
v Attorney-General [2006] 2 SLR(R) 565 at [67], citing Christie v Christie
(1872–1873) LR 8 Ch App 499 at 503 (per Lord Selborne LC).

30 Turning to O 18 r 19(1)(c), while the rule is that the court is not to
dictate to parties how they should frame their case, “if a party introduces a
pleading which is unnecessary, and it tends to prejudice, embarrass and delay
the trial of the action, it then becomes a pleading beyond his right” (per
Bowen LJ in Knowles v Roberts (1888) 38 Ch D 263 at 270, and cited at SCP 2016
at para 18/19/13). A statement will not be struck out only because it is
unnecessary, “so long as it is otherwise harmless”. However, “if wholly
immaterial matter be set out in such a way that the applicant must plead to
it, and so raise irrelevant issues which may involve expense, trouble and
delay, then the irrelevant matter will be struck out, as it will prejudice the
fair trial of the action” (SCP 2016 at para 18/19/13).

31 In the present appeal, it was obvious that the alleged harassment contained
an imputation on the plaintiffs and a charge of misconduct or bad faith. For a
striking out under O 18 r 19(1)(b), I only needed to ask whether the alleged
harassment had a tendency to show the truth of any allegation relevant to any
defence raised by the defendant. For O 18 r 19(1)(c) to be invoked, I had to
determine whether the alleged harassment was relevant or necessary, and if
not, whether it tended to prejudice, embarrass and delay the trial of the
action.

Whether the alleged harassment was relevant as part of the context for the
April 2011 Email

32 Having set out the general principles, I turn to the argument that the
alleged harassment was relevant because it provided the context for the April
2011 Email. As I observed at [23], this appeared to be a new argument,
distinct from the point raised below that the alleged harassment would tend to
show that the Impugned Documents were part of a sham.

33 That being said, it was not entirely clear to me that counsel for the
defendant had abandoned the point raised below. For completeness, I considered
the merit of that submission. In this regard, the AR failed to see the logic
in the submission, as did I. If proven, the harassment would show only that
the plaintiffs had wished to exert pressure on the defendant to perform his
purported obligations. Such a conclusion was equally consistent with the
Impugned Documents being legal. The alleged harassment was irrelevant to the
defendant’s position that the Impugned Documents formed a sham.

34 Returning to the new argument, the question was whether the alleged
harassment formed part of the context necessary for the court to appreciate
the significance of the April 2011 Email. In my view, the only significance of
the April 2011 Email was that it showed that at a fairly early stage, the
defendant had stated his position that the Impugned Documents were part of a
sham, and that he had been tricked into signing them. This would have some
bearing on the likelihood of his present account being true. In order to
appreciate this significance, the necessary context was simply the alleged
understanding between the parties that the Impugned Agreements should not be
enforced. This was already apparent from the matters pleaded elsewhere in the
Defence. As far as I could see, the alleged harassment added nothing useful by
way of context.

35 Besides, it seemed to me that the April 2011 Email formed evidence to be
adduced for the trial, rather than a material fact to be pleaded. In this
regard, O 18 r 7(1) of the ROC provides that material facts, and not the
evidence by which those facts are to be proved, should be pleaded. As a result
of the striking out of the alleged harassment, only evidence intended solely
to prove harassment would be excluded. The defendant would still be entitled
to adduce the April 2011 Email or other correspondence in order to prove or
disprove other facts in issue.

36 At this juncture, I should add that it was the plaintiffs’ submission that
despite striking out the alleged harassment, nothing prevented the defendant
from adducing as evidence correspondence from the defendant’s solicitors
denying the alleged debt, and protesting the legality of the documents as
pleaded in para 52 of the Defence (see [19] above). Similarly, this position
would apply to the April 2011 Email, to the extent that it might form relevant
evidence towards proving or disproving the defendant’s liability and the
legality of the Impugned Documents. To adduce the April 2011 Email as evidence
should not, and need not, involve pleading and delving into the alleged
harassment, which did not bear on the facts in issue.

Whether the alleged harassment was relevant to a defence of promissory
estoppel

37 I turn next to the argument that the alleged harassment was relevant to a
defence of promissory estoppel, as contained in the proposed para 52A of the
second draft amended Defence. According to Halsbury’s Laws of Singapore vol
9(4) (LexisNexis Singapore, 2015) (“Halsbury’s vol 9(4)”) at [110.978],
promissory estoppel requires:

(1) a representation or conduct amounting to a representation intended to
induce a course of conduct on the part of the person to whom the
representation is made;

(2) an act or omission resulting from the representation, whether actual or by
conduct, by the person to whom the representation is made; and

(3) detriment to such person as a consequence of the act or omission.

[footnotes omitted; emphasis added]

There was no dispute between the parties regarding the correctness of this
statement of the law.

38 To reiterate, counsel for the defendant submitted that the alleged
harassment was relevant to the defence for two reasons. First, it evidenced
the plaintiffs’ intention to resile from their representation that they would
not try to enforce the Impugned Documents. Second, it was said to constitute
detriment.

39 I deal with the first point shortly, as it was completely unmeritorious.
Promissory estoppel is a legal defence to an attempt by a party to strictly
enforce its rights in court. If the elements stated above at [37] were
successfully proved, the defence would preclude the plaintiffs from resiling
from their prior representations, and from legally enforcing their legal
rights, if any, in these proceedings. There would be no need to prove the
existence of an intention to resile before these proceedings. I failed to see
how the prior attempts to enforce would be of any relevance at all to such a
defence.

40 On the second point, the Court of Appeal in Lam Chi Kin recognised that
generally, detriment is a requirement of promissory estoppel: see especially
[38], in which the court analysed the facts and concluded that the respondent
had shown “sufficient detrimental reliance”. Thus it was clear, and the
plaintiffs accepted, that any pleaded matters constituting detriment would be
relevant. As to what constituted detriment, counsel for the defendant drew my
attention to a footnote in Halsbury’s vol 9(4) (fn 6 to para [110.978]) which
suggested that Singapore courts might recognise as detriment not only harm
which had already been suffered in reliance on the representation (ie,
detriment in the narrow sense), but also “that which would be suffered if the
strict legal rights were enforceable against the party relying on the
representation” (ie, detriment in the broad sense). This was supported by
Abdul Jalil (HC), as well as by certain passages in Piers Feltham, Daniel
Hochberg & Tom Leech, Spencer Bower: The Law Relating to Estoppel by
Representation (LexisNexis UK, 4th Ed, 2004) (“Spencer Bower”).

41 Having reviewed the authorities, it appeared to me that it was no longer
necessary to rely only on the relatively tentative statements in Halsbury’s
vol 9(4) which, although re-issued in 2015, had not been updated to account
for the Court of Appeal’s decision in Lam Chi Kin. The case appeared to have
endorsed and applied the broad definition of detriment as articulated by the
learned authors of Spencer Bower (see especially [33], [35], [38] and [40]).
Counsel for the plaintiffs did not dispute this (see [26] above). In any
event, bearing in mind that this was merely an appeal from a striking out
application, I proceeded on the basis that the broad definition of detriment
should be recognised. Thus, the alleged harassment would be relevant if it
came within the broad definition, which included both detriment already
suffered and detriment which would be suffered if the representor were
permitted to resile from the representation. Crucially, there was no
suggestion in any of the authorities that the broad definition had dispensed
with the need for the detriment to be a consequence of the representee’s act
or omission in reliance on the representation (see [37] above).

42 According to the defendant, the defendant suffered the alleged harassment
because the plaintiffs wished to coerce him into performing the obligations
purportedly owed under the Impugned Documents. Applying either the narrow or
broad definition of detriment, this “harm” was not a consequence of an act or
omission by the defendant in reliance on the plaintiffs’ representations.

43 I elaborate. Applying the narrow definition of detriment, although the
alleged harassment had occurred, it was not a form of harm suffered as a
result of the defendant’s reliance. Rather, it was a form of harm allegedly
inflicted on the defendant by the subsequent and independent action of the
plaintiffs. It seemed to me that the most that could be said in favour of the
defendant’s case was that the plaintiffs would not have been able to demand
the performance of the Impugned Documents (whether through the alleged
harassment or otherwise) if the defendant had not entered into them to begin
with. However, framing the issue in this way made it clear that arguably, it
was the entry into the Impugned Documents (and the acknowledgement of
liability by doing so) which was the detriment, but certainly not the tactics
later employed to enforce them.

44 Further, the broad definition of detriment did not assist the defendant.
The harassment was not a harm which the defendant would suffer if the
plaintiffs were permitted to resile from their representation at trial; it was
a harm already incurred. More importantly, as discussed in the preceding
paragraph, it remained doubtful that the harm was in any way connected to the
defendant’s reliance on the plaintiffs’ representations. The broad definition
did not alter that analysis.

45 Consequently, I agreed with counsel for the plaintiffs that the alleged
harassment did not fall within either category of detriment. It could not
possibly constitute detriment, and was wholly irrelevant to any defence of
promissory estoppel.

Conclusion

46 For these reasons, I concluded that the alleged harassment was simply
irrelevant and unnecessary to the dispute. The defendant did not need to refer
to the alleged harassment to prove that the Impugned Documents formed a sham,
were illegal or to raise a promissory estoppel, nor would proving the alleged
harassment at trial bring him any closer to raising a promissory estoppel or
to proving that the Impugned Documents formed a sham or were illegal. If such
acts of harassment were committed, they might conceivably form the basis of
some other claim, such as the defendant’s counterclaims in the tort of
conspiracy in S 842/2012 and S 844/2012 which had been discontinued. They had
no bearing on the issues in the present suit.

47 Should the alleged harassment remain, the irrelevant allegations would
merely serve to impute misconduct on the part of the plaintiffs, and were
therefore scandalous in nature. By imputing misconduct, these irrelevant
allegations would also prejudice and embarrass the plaintiffs, and needlessly
broaden the scope of evidence required at trial so as to cause delay and
costs. In this regard, I noted that the allegations were wide ranging. The
portions concerning the alleged harassment were rightly struck out, and I
would rely specifically on O 18 r 19(1)(b) and (c) of the ROC to support this
outcome.

48 Consequently, I dismissed the appeal. I also ordered the defendant to pay
costs of $4,500 (inclusive of disbursements) to the plaintiffs. For the
avoidance of doubt, the defendant did not formally apply to amend the Defence
as reflected in the second draft amended Defence. No order was made as to the
proposed amendments. The Defence remained in its original form, save for the
portions which had been (and were to remain) struck out.

Hoo Sheau Peng  
Judicial Commissioner

Tan Teng Muan and Loh Li Qin (Mallal & Namazie) for the appellant;  
Harish Kumar, Jonathan Toh and Josephine Chee (Rajah & Tann Singapore LLP) for
the respondents.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 2: 27 Oct 2020 (22:40 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

