Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the FAMILY JUSTICE courts of the republic of singapore

[2016] SGHCF 8

District Court Appeal No 140 of 2015

Between

TIT  
---  
  
… Appellant

And

TIU  
---  
  
… Respondent

District Court Appeal No 142 of 2015

Between

TIU

… Appellant

And

TIT

… Respondent

judgment

[Family law] — [Maintenance] — [Wife]

[Family law] — [Maintenance] — [Child]

[Family law] — [Matrimonial assets] — [Division]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
TIT

v  

TIU and another appeal

  

[2016] SGHCF 8

  

High Court — District Court Appeal Nos 140 and 142 of 2015  
Valerie Thean JC  
13 and 25 April 2016

13 May 2016 Judgment reserved.

Valerie Thean JC:

Introduction

1 District Court Appeal No 140 of 2015 (“DCA 140/2015”) is an appeal brought
by the Husband, and District Court Appeal No 142 of 2015 (“DCA 142/2015”) is
an appeal brought by the Wife. DCA 140/2015 and DCA 142/2015 shall hereinafter
be collectively referred to as “the Appeals”.

2 The Husband is a citizen of the United Kingdom (“UK”) and the Wife is a
citizen of Thailand. The parties were married in the UK on 30 May 1998. The
Wife was 24 years old at the time of marriage and the Husband, 32. Now aged 42
and 50 years old respectively, the Wife and the Husband have four children
presently aged 16, 14, 12 and 9 years old. Throughout the marriage, the Wife
was a home-maker while the Husband worked was an engineer at a global energy
company based in the UK (“the Company”). In the course of the parties’
marriage, they relocated seven times to diverse places such as Beijing,
southern China, Spain and Malaysia. Such were the demands of the Husband’s
job, which kept him very busy throughout the marriage. The four children were
born during these relocations in a period of seven years. In 2008, parties
relocated to Singapore.

3 The Husband commenced divorce proceedings on 27 November 2012 alleging that
the Wife had behaved in such a way that he could not reasonably be expected to
live with her. On her part, the Wife counterclaimed on a similar basis. The
Wife left the matrimonial home on 1 November 2013 and has since late November
2013 shuttled between Singapore and Thailand. Interim Judgment (“IJ”) was
granted on 24 February 2014 on both the Claim and Counterclaim.

4 The District Judge (“DJ”) made orders in relation to the ancillary matters
on 14 August 2015. The DJ’s decision can be found at TIT v TIU [2015] SGFC 162
(“DJ’s GD”). On 25 August 2015, a Certificate of Final Judgment (“FJ”) was
obtained. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Order of Court dated 25 August 2015 (FC/ FJ 3689/2015).

5 At the hearing of the Appeals, the Husband sought to adduce evidence that
after the hearing of the ancillary matters, he had suffered a relapse of
Bell’s Palsy, a medical condition which he had experienced before and been
retrenched because of the global downturn in the oil and gas industry. The
Wife, on her part, sought to adduce evidence of the Husband’s remarriage on 26
September 2015, after the hearing of the ancillary matters. Both applications
were granted in view of the relevance of the evidence to maintenance and the
division of assets, respectively.

The DJ’s decision

6 The DJ found the value of the pool of matrimonial assets to be S$542,216.39
(DJ’s GD at [52]). Applying the structured approach in ANJ v ANK [2015] 4 SLR
1043 (“ANJ v ANK”), she awarded the Wife 25% of the assets. This amounted to
S$135,554.10. As the Wife had obtained the benefit of the sale proceeds of a
matrimonial property the parties owned in Thailand (“the Thai Property”), the
DJ ordered her to retain the same and her own assets, leaving a balance of
about S$50,000, which the Husband was ordered to pay her, while he retained
all the other matrimonial assets. Using a multiplier of ten years and a
multiplicand of S$1,262 as a monthly figure, the DJ awarded the Wife lump sum
maintenance of S$145,000 (rounded down from S$151,440). The Husband was
ordered to maintain the children solely. The parties were to have joint
custody of the four children of the marriage, with care and control to the
Husband and reasonable access to the Wife.

Issues on appeal

7 Both Husband and Wife appealed against the asset division and spousal
maintenance. In addition, the Husband appealed against the DJ’s order that he
solely maintain the children. I deal with these issues in turn.

Division of assets

The asset pool

8 As mentioned, the DJ set the asset pool as S$542,216.39. Two issues arose in
the Appeals.

(i) The Husband’s Pension

9 The Husband previously disclosed that the pension he was to receive from the
Company had a guaranteed transfer value of S$265,506 (£132,753 at a currency
conversion rate agreed by counsel of £1=S$2) (“the Pension”) in an affidavit
that was filed pursuant to the Wife’s request for discovery and
interrogatories. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Husband’s 1st Affidavit for Discovery dated 2 July 2014, pp 3, 53–55.

The ancillary matters fact and position sheet of the Husband also listed the
Pension as an asset. This was omitted from the pool of assets divided at the
Family Court.

10 Counsel for the Wife, Mr Godwin Campos (“Mr Campos”), argued that the
Pension of S$265,506 must be included in the matrimonial pool. While Mr Koh
contended that the details of the Pension were not clear, it did not seem
equitable for the Husband to have the benefit of any lack of clarity which he
ought to have provided as part of his duty of disclosure. A statement of
entitlement provided by the Husband furnished the broad details of the
Pension. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Husband’s 1st Affidavit for Discovery dated 2 July 2014, pp 53–55.

In this regard, while the Husband joined the pension scheme one year before
parties married, this asset was acquired throughout the duration of the
marriage and “‘acquisition’ continues until the asset is fully acquired” (see
BHN v BHO [2013] SGHC 91 at [36], citing Chee Kok Choon v Sern Kuang Eng
[2005] 4 MLJ 461 at [9]).

11 The query which followed from the inclusion of the asset was its valuation
for the purposes of inclusion. Here, the acquisition of the Pension started on
1 May 1997, one year prior to the marriage. The date furnished for the
guaranteed price was 16 June 2014, about four months after the date of the IJ.
The document also showed that the Husband had left the fund by the time of the
IJ, as the fund was part of his expatriate package based on UK terms and
benefits and he started employment on local terms with the Singapore
subsidiary in May 2013. With his retrenchment in 2016 from the local
subsidiary, at the minimum, it appeared open to him to exit the scheme or to
transfer the minimum guaranteed sum into another scheme. In view of the
uncertainties attached to its value, I find it equitable to use a conservative
approach. Applying the ratio of 15:16; that is, the ratio of the length of
marriage relative to the period over which the guaranteed sum of the Pension
was accumulated, I derive a figure of S$248,912. The sum within the
matrimonial pool of assets and available for division is therefore
S$791,128.39 (S$542,216.39 + S$248,912).

(ii) Issue of an adverse inference against the Wife

12 At the hearing below, the DJ rejected the Husband’s contention that an
adverse inference should be drawn against the Wife regarding her alleged
retention of amounts disbursed by the Husband for the purchase of and
subsequent proceeds of sale of the Thai Property (“the Thai Property
Transactions”). The DJ was of the view that “[t]he explanations and tables
provided by the Husband were mere assertions and self-serving, with no
supporting documents to show the alleged purposes for which the monies were
used” (DJ’s GD at [50]). A second contention of the Husband in respect of,
inter alia, accounts held by the Wife in the UK (“the UK Accounts”) was
similarly rejected.

13 The Husband repeated the above arguments on appeal.

14 The law on the drawing of adverse inferences was succinctly summarised by
the Court of Appeal in Koh Bee Choo v Choo Chai Huah [2007] SGCA 21 (“Koh Bee
Choo v Choo Chai Huah”) (at [28]) and Chan Tin Sun v Fong Quay Sim [2015] 2
SLR 195 (at [62]). Two requirements must be established by the party seeking
to draw an adverse inference against the other:

(a) a substratum of evidence that establishes a prima facie case against the
person against whom the inference is to be drawn; and

(b) that person must have had some particular access to the information he is
said to be hiding.

The Thai Property Transactions

15 The Husband transferred monies to the Wife between August 2011 and
September 2011, when the parties were still on good terms for the purchase of
the Thai Property. To this end, the Husband alleges that THB 4,979,433 had
been transferred to the Wife during this period. He provided some bank
statements that suggest that at least THB 3,500,000 was transferred to the
Wife. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

ROA Vol 3C, p 2261 onwards

It was undisputed that the purchase price of the Thai Property was THB
1,300,000. The Husband’s first allegation is that the Wife had siphoned THB
3,679,433. He arrives at this figure by deducting the amounts transferred to
the Wife from the purchase price of the Thai Property. He also adduces the
Wife’s bank statement/book that shows withdrawals of THB 2,610,000 on 18
September 2011 and THB 100,000 at or about that time.

16 The Wife states that the monies in excess of the purchase price of the Thai
Property were spent on holidays and other expenses in relation the Thai
Property. The Husband’s retort to this is that the Wife has not adduced
evidence to show that this is the case. He also argues that any expenditure by
the family while on holiday in Thailand would be minimal.

17 In my judgment, this allegation of siphoning is completely at odds with the
factual matrix at the relevant time. The transfers to the Wife and the
withdrawals by the Wife should be, in all likelihood, matters wholly known to
the Husband, as all these events occurred when the parties were still on good
terms, and, perhaps, even more importantly, the Husband managed the money in
the family. The Husband must therefore have known how these monies were
expended at the relevant time.

18 The second allegation of siphoning is in relation to the sale proceeds of
the Thai Property. The Wife sold the Thai Property in December 2013. According
to the receipt by the Department of Lands, Thailand, the sale price was THB
2,000,000. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

ROA Vol 3D, p 3043 onwards.

The Husband argues that the declared sale price of the Thai Property at THB
2,000,000 by the Wife was far below the market value of the Thai Property,
which should be between THB 5,000,000–7,000,000 (based on unidentified
printouts that show that a neighbouring property was valued at THB 7,000,000).
6

##### Foot Note 6

×

ROA Vol 3C, p 2281 onwards,

The Husband argues that the Wife had to put back into the matrimonial pool THB
3,000,000 (S$120,000), based on his “conservative” use of THB 5,000,000 as the
likely sale price of the Thai Property.

19 To the extent that the Husband has sought to argue that there must have
been some illegal dealings on the part of the Wife to “engineer” the sale
price of the Thai Property, these allegations, in the absence of (at the very
least) a valuation report to reflect the value of the property at the relevant
time of sale, are unsupported by evidence. The certificate from the Department
of Lands would thus be conclusive evidence that the sale proceeds of THB
2,000,000 were received and retained by the Wife from the sale of the Thai
Property. The Husband’s printouts in this case fell far short of laying the
substratum of evidence to establish any siphoning on the part of the Wife.

The UK Accounts

20 The Husband identifies four UK Accounts that were not allegedly disclosed
by the Wife. He is unable to ascribe balances to three of them. He states that
“the bank accounts existed at some point of time”. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

Appellant’s Case (DCA 140/2015), para 49.

He argues that the fourth account has a balance of £3,000. He then quite
astonishingly argues that the court should draw an adverse inference of about
S$17,000 in relation to the said accounts. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

Appellant’s Case (DCA 140/2015), para 51.

The Wife’s position is that the UK Accounts were controlled and operated by
the Husband. There was also some argument that “S Yau” referred to was the
Husband’s mother, but no evidence was given on affidavit. Analysing the
arguments in totality, I find that the Husband’s position that I should draw
an adverse inference of S$17,000 against the Wife is simply not borne out by
the evidence. I therefore agree with the DJ that there is no reason to draw an
adverse inference against the Wife in relation to this item.

Division of the asset pool

21 The next issue was then the division of the asset pool, using the
structured approach set out in ANJ v ANK [2015] 4 SLR 1043 (“ANJ v ANK”). This
approach, may be summarised, with reference to Twiss, Christopher James Hans v
Twiss, Yvonne Prendergast [2015] SGCA 52 (at [17]) and ANJ v ANK (at [28]), as
follows:

(a) express as a ratio the parties’ direct contributions relative to each
other, having regard to the amount of financial contribution each party made
towards the acquisition or improvement of the matrimonial assets;

(b) express as a second ratio the parties’ indirect contributions relative to
each other, having regard to both financial and non-financial contributions;
and

(c) derive the parties’ overall contributions relative to each other by taking
an average of the two ratios above (the derived ratio shall be referred to as
“the average ratio”), keeping in mind that, depending on the circumstances of
each case, the direct and indirect contributions may not be accorded equal
weight, and one of the two ratios may be accorded more significance than the
other. Adjustments could also be made in respect of other relevant factors
under s 112 or 114(1) of the Women’s Charter (Cap 353, 2009 Rev Ed) (“the
Charter”).

I shall hereinafter refer points (a)–(c) above as “Step 1” to “Step 3”.

The DJ’s asset division and issues on appeal

22 The DJ’s division from the application of ANJ v ANK in the present case is
summarised in the table below.

| Husband| Wife  
---|---|---  
Step 1 Ratio| 100| 0  
Step 1 Ratio (50% weight) | 50| 0  
Step 2 Ratio | 50| 50  
Step 2 Ratio (50% weight) | 25| 25  
The average ratio | 75| 25  
  
23 I highlight briefly that the DJ took the view (at [39]–[40]) that the Wife
made substantial indirect and non-financial contributions in the first ten
years of marriage although she did have intermittent help from her family
members, some cleaning or housekeeping services during the overseas postings,
or a maid for a period of time in China. She found that the Wife’s indirect
contributions were lessened in the last five years of the marriage. The DJ
found (at [41]) that the Husband also made substantial indirect contributions
in the management of the family’s dealings with third parties for financial,
medical and school matters and noted his increased involvement with the
children’s matters after the Wife left the matrimonial home in November 2013.
She therefore decided that the parties’ indirect contributions were in equal
proportions for the duration of the marriage.

24 Turning back to the division, the DJ determined that the Wife’s 25% share
of the pool of matrimonial assets amounted to S$135,554.10. As the Wife had
obtained the benefit of the sale proceeds of the Thai Property, the DJ ordered
her to retain the same and her own assets, leaving a balance of about
S$50,000, which the Husband was ordered to pay her. The Husband was to retain
all the other matrimonial assets. To this end, the Husband was to solely enjoy
the benefit of all assets held in the parties’ joint names by way of a
transfer from the Wife of her share, title and interest in a property in the
UK and a closure of the parties’ bank account, with the balance amounts
retained by the Husband.

25 During the Appeals, there was agreement on the direct contribution ratio
(ie, the Step 1 ratio) used below. The Appeals concerned the indirect
contribution ratio (ie, the Step 2 ratio), and the weightage applied in coming
to the overall ratio.

Arguments on the indirect contribution ratio

26 The Wife argues that her indirect contributions should be increased as she
was the sole care giver of the children and managed the household during the
first ten years of the marriage. The Wife points out that she went through
seven relocations together with the Husband while having to go through four
pregnancies and attending to the new-borns in unfamiliar environments. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

Appellant’s case (DCA 142/2015), para 45.

She highlights that the parties’ marriage was a “traditional” one where the
Husband worked and provided for the family, while the Wife fulfilled her
duties as a wife, mother and caregiver for the family. She argues her
conventional role in the family should not be diminished. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

Appellant’s case (DCA 142/2015), para 46.

27 The Wife acknowledges that both the Husband and she enjoyed an extravagant
lifestyle of “partying” in the last five years of the marriage, but argues
that this was at the Husband’s urging and with his participation, and did not
having the effect of reducing her indirect non-financial contributions during
this period. She states that this “must be seen in light of the Husband’s
engineering of [the] divorce”. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

Appellant’s case (DCA 142/2015), para 48.

In any case, it is the Wife’s position that she took care of the children till
she left the matrimonial home in November 2013. All in all, the Wife argues
that the indirect contributions in Step 2 should be revised to 80:20 in her
favour. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

Appellant’s case (DCA 142/2015), para 59.

28 The Husband argues that his indirect contributions outweigh the Wife’s when
the entire length of the marriage is considered especially because the Wife
moved out since November 2013, leaving the Husband as the de facto caregiver
of the children. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

Appellant’s Case (DCA 140/2015), para 13.

He submits that his indirect financial contributions to the marriage have not
been given sufficient weight. The Husband also makes the point that the DJ had
erred in giving more weight to the first ten years of the marriage, where the
Wife’s indirect non-financial contributions were, arguably, large. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

Appellant’s Case (DCA 140/2015), para 14.

In any case, he wants the court to take cognisance of the fact that the Wife
had help from a maid and/or her family members in part, and diminished in the
last five years of the marriage. The Husband then concludes that “the Wife’s
indirect contributions should be adjusted to 60% to 40% in favour of the
Husband”. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

Appellant’s Case (DCA 140/2015), para 20.

The Husband’s remarriage as a material fact

29 During the hearing, I asked counsel to address me on the corollary issue of
the Husband’s non-disclosure of his intention to remarry. Here, the DJ dealt
with ancillary matters on 14 August 2015. FJ was obtained on 25 August 2015.
16

##### Foot Note 16

×

Order of Court dated 25 August 2015 (FC/ FJ 3689/2015).

The Husband remarried on 26 September 2015. Given the requisite notice periods
that would have to be given to the relevant authorities before a marriage can
be registered in Singapore, the fact that the Husband would be remarrying
would have crystallised some months before the hearing of the ancillary
matters. In fact, the Husband travelled to the UK with his current wife, her
two children and his three children in December 2014, well before the
ancillaries were heard by the DJ. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

Husband’s Affidavit dated 2 February 2016, para 28.

30 The Husband argues that he need not have disclosed this fact, as it was not
relevant to the ancillary matters. He highlights that his current Wife is, in
any case, gainfully employed and a woman of means. The current wife’s expenses
for the trip to UK were financed by herself and do not suggest undisclosed
assets or income on the Husband’s part. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

Husband’s Affidavit dated 2 February 2016, para 29.

Mr Koh submits that there was no legal obligation on the part of the Husband
to disclose his intention to remarry. He argues that it is “merely a moral
obligation” and a fact that was “good [for the court] to know”. He points out
that, in any case, the Husband’s remarriage does not impinge on the welfare of
the children as the children live with him. Mr Campos argues that the
Husband’s intention to remarry is a material fact that ought to have been
disclosed. In his view, it would colour the Husband’s whole version of the
Wife’s lifestyle being the reason for the breakdown of the marriage. He argues
that this non-disclosure by the Husband should operate in favour of the Wife
such that a lot more credit be given to her version of events.

31 As noted by the Court of Appeal in BG v BF [2007] 3 SLR(R) 233 (“BG v BF”),
at [52], the general duty owed by parties to the court to “make full and frank
disclosure of all relevant information within his or her knowledge[,] is
particularly relevant in the context of the division of matrimonial assets.”
The absence of full and frank disclosure would entitle the court to draw a
suitable adverse inference.

32 In the context of matrimonial proceedings, the lack of full and frank
disclosure is normally argued in the context of one party not disclosing his
or her assets (see, for example, Koh Kim Lan Angela v Choong Kian Haw [1993] 3
SLR(R) 491 at [31]). Nevertheless, in keeping with the observations of the
Court of Appeal in BG v BF that the duty of full and frank disclosure is one
that is derived from general law, the duty of full and frank disclosure must
extend with equal force to material facts.

33 In Tay Long Kee Impex Pte Ltd v Tan Beng Huwah (trading as Sin Kwang Wah)
[2000] 1 SLR(R) 786, the Court of Appeal gave guidance on what “material
facts” are (at [21]):

… The difficulty here is in determining what facts are material. Any
definition of “materiality” has to be, by its very nature, general. In the
words of Ralph Gibson LJ in Brink’s-Mat Ltd v Elcombe [1988] 3 All ER 188
“material facts are those which it is material for the judge to know in
dealing with the application.” It need not be “decisive or conclusive” — per
Warren L H Khoo J in Poon Kng Siang v Tan Ah Keng [1991] 2 SLR(R) 621. We
would add that the duty to disclose applies not only to material facts known
to the applicant but also such additional facts which he would have known if
he had made proper inquiries. The extent of the inquiries which an applicant
should make would have to depend on the facts and circumstances prevailing in
the case.

[emphasis added]

34 Seen from this perspective, the fact that the Husband was planning to
remarry is without a doubt material to the Court’s analysis when dealing with
parties’ ancillary matters. Generally, it is central to the issue of the
children’s well-being. Even if, as in the present case, the issue of their
care and control was largely uncontested arising from the circumstances, it
was relevant to the Court’s wider role in ensuring that arrangements have been
made in the children’s best interests.

35 In the case at hand, the remarriage was relevant as to whether lump sum
maintenance should be ordered for the Wife. Indeed, Mr Campos’ submission was
that this non-disclosure lent great credence to the Wife’s version of events
in relation to her contributions to the family, the Husband’s behaviour in
taking over the management of the home, and his role in alienating the
children against her. I agree with this to some degree. It explained why, for
example, he would padlock the gates in late November 2013 after the Wife left
the matrimonial home, or omit to update the Wife on the family’s new address
after they moved out themselves. The Husband’s conduct also indicated that he
knew the importance of his remarriage in context. The children were under
strict instructions from the Husband not to disclose the relationship, and
later, the remarriage, to their mother.

My conclusion on the indirect contribution ratio

36 Viewing the parties’ indirect contributions in the round, the 50:50
allocation made by the DJ in relation to the Step 2 ratio was too low. From
1998 to 2009, for the first 11 years of the marriage, it was not disputed that
the Wife was the sole anchor in the home. During this time, the couple
relocated seven times and had four children closely spaced together, in the
span of seven years. The youngest child was only two when they made their
final move to Singapore in 2008. The care of four babies and young children
born in quick succession in unfamiliar surroundings would have been extremely
demanding. Even if, as the Husband contended, the Wife had help from a
grandmother and uncle at various points, this does not detract from her
substantial role for these first 11 years.

37 In 2009, the Wife’s household burden was lightened with, inter alia, a
maid, but she still had charge of all household matters. The Husband
participated in the couple’s active social life and thus could scarcely
complain now about that. While the Husband took over household matters in
2012, this too, was with the help of a maid; and this was already the 14th
year of the marriage, when the youngest was about 5 years old, past the most
punishing babysitting years. His failure to inform the Court of his remarriage
plans and his decisions which sought to marginalise the Wife from the lives of
the children were not made in the children’s best interests, and may be taken
into consideration in context. On the whole, the Step 2 ratio should be 35:65
in favour of the Wife.

Weightage and overall ratio

38 The Wife suggested that the weightage in Step 3 of ANJ v ANK of the Step 1
and Step 2 ratios should be 40:60 in favour of indirect contributions. She
argues that this is necessary in “recognition of the length of [the] marriage,
the size of the matrimonial assets and the extent and nature of indirect
contributions made by both parties throughout the marriage”. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

Appellant’s case (DCA 142/2015), para 60.

39 It is argued by the Husband that in this 15 year marriage where the Wife
had a maid for some part, the weightage under Step 3 of the ratios in Step 1
and Step 2 should be 55:45 in favour of direct contributions. He argues that
in a marriage of such moderate length, where the Husband was the sole
breadwinner, the indirect contributions would not feature much. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

Appellant’s Case (DCA 140/2015), para 25-26; 29.

40 Viewing the whole marriage in its context, I was of the view that the
weightage in Step 3 should be equal. While the Wife’s contributions to the
home were substantial, this was so for a period of just under a dozen years,
and the Husband has been in charge of the home since sometime in 2012. At the
same time, while the Husband was solely responsible for the accumulation of
the family wealth, the total asset pool, despite his 15 years on a UK
expatriate pay package, was surprisingly modest. Deducting the property in the
UK, which mortgage was largely funded by rental save for £200 a month, the sum
remaining is small in the light of his career trajectory which, for example,
on his Singapore assignment from 2008–2013, included monthly pay of S$43,000 a
month and benefits 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

DJ’s grounds of decision, at [12].

.

41 My various findings in the Appeals using the ANJ v ANK approach are
summarised as follows:

| Husband| Wife  
---|---|---  
Step 1 Ratio | 100| 0  
Step 1 Ratio (50% weight) | 50| 0  
Step 2 Ratio| 35| 65  
Step 2 Ratio (50% weight) | 17.5| 32.5  
The average ratio | 67.5| 32.5  
  
Mechanics of allocation

42 The Wife’s share of the matrimonial pool amounts to S$257,116.73. The sale
proceeds for the Thai Property retained by the Wife amounts to S$79,833 and
the Wife holds S$5,419.45 in her name. The Husband therefore has to pay the
Wife S$171,864.28. The DJ’s orders that the Husband retain the assets in his
own name and the Wife assists to transfer her share in assets in their joint
names remain.

Maintenance for Wife

43 As mentioned, the DJ ordered S$145,000 (rounded down from S$151,440) as
lump sum maintenance to be paid by the Husband to the Wife. The DJ arrived at
the lump sum amount by applying a multiplier of ten years to a monthly
maintenance amount of S$1,262.

44 The Husband submits that the Wife’s reasonable maintenance should be pegged
against the Thai standard of living. Therefore, the Wife should be given no
more than S$250 per month. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

Appellant’s Case (DCA 140/2015), para 63.

Alternatively, if assessed on Singapore standards, the maximum the Wife should
receive is S$1,028.33 per month. He arrives at this figure by, inter alia,
reducing the amount awarded by the DJ to the Wife (see DJ’s GD at [61]) for
utilities, clothing and shoes and airfare from Thailand to Singapore.

45 The Husband also argues that he should not maintain the Wife for ten years
as she “has free reins to pursue her career” and does not have to care for the
four children 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

Appellant’s Case (DCA 140/2015), para 69.

; even if the court orders lump sum maintenance, the multiplicand should be
three years. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

Appellant’s Case (DCA 140/2015), paras 74, 78.

He seems to be arguing that he could ill afford to pay. Four months after the
Husband filed for divorce, his terms of employment changed from expatriate
status with allowances to a local package. At the time of the Appeals, as
adduced through his affidavit filed after the hearing of the ancillary
matters, he had been retrenched because the oil and gas sector was in a
downturn. He had also suffered a relapse of Bell’s Palsy.

46 The Wife, on her part, argues that the sum of S$1,263 per month used to
compute the lump sum maintenance by the DJ should be raised to S$2,700 per
month to take into account that she was spending S$3,500 per month up to the
time of the divorce. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

Appellant’s case (DCA 142/2015), para 75(vi).

This reduced amount, she argues, takes into account that she will “find some
modest employment as well as scale down her lifestyle and expenses”. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

Appellant’s Case (DCA 142/2015), para 74.

She argues that a multiplier of 16 years should be applied instead of the ten
years applied by the DJ. She submits that the lump sum maintenance should
amount to S$518,400.

47 There is no merit to the Husband’s contention that the Wife’s standard of
living should be pegged to the Thai rate. The Wife has to substantially spend
her time in Singapore so that she can be near the children.

48 As noted in ANJ v ANK (at [42]), “an appellate court will seldom interfere
in the orders made by the court below unless it can be demonstrated that it
has committed an error of law or principle, or has failed to appreciate
certain material facts”. The appellate court will also be slow to make minor
adjustments for idiosyncratic reasons (see Koh Bee Choo v Choo Chai Huah at
[46], citing MZ v NA [2006] SGHC 95 at [5]).

49 A clean break is desirable whenever feasible (see AYM v AYL and another
appeal [2014] 4 SLR 559 (at [18])). This was especially so in this case where
the Husband has remarried.

50 Coming to the sum set by the DJ, the monthly figure was a conservative one,
and made with a thorough analysis of each expense item of the Wife (see DJ’s
GD at [61]). While ten years could be generous, this balanced out the modest
monthly sum. The same lump sum could have been attained with fewer years and a
monthly sum on the more generous side of the scale. In this case, it would
also be reasonable to allocate some sum for training. The Wife married the
Husband at 24 and has spent most of the marriage on the children and home. Her
command of English remains poor and she will have to take time to equip
herself with skills in order to rejoin the workforce. Therefore, I find myself
in broad agreement with the DJ.

51 One issue is whether I ought to change the order in light of the Husband’s
evidence as to his retrenchment from 15 January 2016 and his Bell’s Palsy
relapse. His emails and letters in his own affidavit, however, indicate that
he was ready to commence work as at the date of retrenchment. It is also clear
that the Bell’s Palsy was a pre-existing condition for the Husband. The
relapse and its management was part of a condition that he has managed over
the course of his career. What is important is that the evidence indicates
that he is able to pay the lump sum ordered. His testimonials and
recommendations also indicate that he is likely to be able to gain employment
again in due course.

52 There is thus no reason to make any kind of adjustment as to the award of
S$145,000.

The Wife’s responsibility for child maintenance

53 In light of the uncertainty surrounding the Wife’s earning capacity, the DJ
ordered that the Husband maintain the children solely.

54 The Husband submits that since he has care and control of the children and
the Wife has the potential to earn up to S$2,500 as a makeup artist in the
future, the Wife should pay a cumulative maintenance of S$200 per month for
the four children. He appears to be suggesting that the law categorically
demands that both parents should contribute to the maintenance of the child.
The Wife on the other hand argues that her income capacity remains uncertain,
as there is no guarantee that she will get a job although she had completed
the makeup artist course. It is “purely unreasonable” for the Husband to ask
her to contribute towards the maintenance of the children at his point. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

Respondent’s case(DCA 140/2105), para 54.

55 The Husband’s appeal may find support in two High Court cases where husband
and wife were ordered to bear their children’s maintenance equally.

56 In BNH v BNI [2013] SGHC 283 (“BNH v BNI”), the parties were undergoing a
divorce and the wife there earned less than the husband. The husband earned an
average monthly income of $36,214.55. The wife’s monthly income was
$19,162.42. The court ordered maintenance for both children at $9,500 a month,
to be split equally between the parties, with comment (at [37]) as follows:
“[a]lthough the [h]usband earns more than the [w]ife, given my comments that
marriage is really an equal partnership between the parties, I am of the view
that the cost of maintenance should be equally borne by both parties”.

57 In TBC v TBD [2015] 4 SLR 59 (“TBC v TBD”), the High Court decided that s
68 of the Charter imposed an obligation on both parents a duty to maintain
their child, whether they were legitimate or illegitimate, and also reviewed
various cases in relation to the apportionment of maintenance of a child. It
held (at [27]) that the relevant legal position should be stated as follows:

In the absence of any statutory provisions which regulate the apportionment of
the maintenance to be paid by parents to their children, it is left to the
courts to lay down the proper approach to be followed. The primary concern of
s 68 is that parents discharge their duties to maintain their child or
children. Each parent stands in the same parent-child relationship with the
child or children and each parent has the duty to maintain the child or
children. Against that backdrop, the starting point should be that the parents
bear the financial burden equally. One parent’s burden should not be decreased
just because the other parent is wealthier, and one parent’s burden should not
be increased just because the other parent is less well off. However, this
should not be an inflexible rule; if one parent is unable to contribute
equally with the other parent, then that parent should contribute what he or
she can, and the other parent should make up the shortfall, so that the child
will receive the full measure of maintenance. The norm should not be that
parents contribute in proportion to their means because that will place
unequal burdens on them for no good reason.

[emphasis added]

58 In that case, while the complainant drew a lesser salary as compared to the
respondent, who was the father of the illegitimate child, the court ordered
that the parties contribute equally to the maintenance of the child.

59 The statutory directive to parents as regards the maintenance of their
children is found in s 68 of the Charter. It provides as follows:

Duty of parents to maintain children

68\. Except where an agreement or order of court otherwise provides, it shall
be the duty of a parent to maintain or contribute to the maintenance of his or
her children, whether they are in his or her custody or the custody of any
other person, and whether they are legitimate or illegitimate, either by
providing them with such accommodation, clothing, food and education as may be
reasonable having regard to his or her means and station in life or by paying
the cost thereof.

60 Also set out in s 69(4) of the Charter are the factors that the court would
consider in ordering maintenance for the wife or child. Those factors are:

(a) the financial needs of the wife or child;

(b) the income, earning capacity (if any), property and other financial
resources of the wife or child;

(c) any physical or mental disability of the wife or child;

(d) the age of each party to the marriage and the duration of the marriage;

(e) the contributions made by each of the parties to the marriage to the
welfare of the family, including any contribution made by looking after the
home or caring for the family;

(f) the standard of living enjoyed by the wife or child before the husband or
parent, as the case may be, neglected or refused to provide reasonable
maintenance for the wife or child;

(g) in the case of a child, the manner in which he was being, and in which the
parties to the marriage expected him to be, educated or trained; and

(h) the conduct of each of the parties to the marriage, if the conduct is such
that it would in the opinion of the court be inequitable to disregard it.

61 In this context, while the law regards both parents as equally responsible,
it does not regard all parents as equally able or capable. As noted by the
district judge in XB v XC [2008] SGDC 144 (at [34]), “equality in
responsibility does not necessarily suggest equality in financial contribution
regardless of each parent’s financial means.” Equality in responsibility holds
each parent responsible for the care of their children. It does not translate
into exactly the same duties, as the tasks they allocate between themselves
must be a function of their talents and abilities. Where circumstances are
such that capabilities differ, parents have a duty to cooperate so that their
children are fully looked after. In making various child orders post-divorce,
Courts have long recognised the different roles each parent may play. For
example, while joint custody may be the norm, exceptions apply if the
situation so demands (see CX v CY (minor: custody and access) [2005] 3 SLR 690
at [24]). Different orders are made as to care and control or access for each
parent as the specific needs of each child requires. When the Court’s
intervention is required to support parents in their co-parenting, the
paramount interest of the child would mean that the Court does so with regard
to the circumstances of the family and how each parent’s distinct capabilities
may best be directed in the best interests of their children. The issue of
child maintenance should be treated in like manner.

62 Of interest is the approach of the High Court and Court of Appeal in ANJ v
ANK. In that case, the High Court ordered that the apportionment of the
children’s expenses between the Husband and the Wife be in the proportion
65:35. On appeal, the Court of Appeal held (at [43]) that although the ratio
of the Husband’s monthly income to the Wife’s monthly income was 62:38, there
were no grounds for appellate intervention. The important point to note is the
Court of Appeal’s acceptance of the principle that maintenance of the children
should be apportioned in accordance with, inter alia, the financial
capabilities of the parents.

63 The prevailing standard of s 68 (and s 69) of the Charter must be
reasonableness having regard to all the circumstances of the case, and the
best interests of the children. In accordance with the Court of Appeal’s
approach in ANJ v ANK, the financial capabilities of the parents must be a
valid consideration. In this context, both the parties in TBC v TBD and BNH v
BNI were well able to afford the orders for equal contribution. In the present
case where the Wife has no income, her lack of financial means is a relevant
factor that suggests that she is not in a position to contribute to the
maintenance of the children. She married young, without any qualifications,
and was far too busy with the house and home for most of the marriage to
acquire skills or training. For the last 18 years, the Husband has maintained
the family solely. With the transition, it is reasonable to allow the status
quo vis-à-vis the children’s maintenance to continue and to give the Wife some
time to acquire skills and training in order to re-position herself in the job
market, at the age of 42. In contrast, the Husband is well educated, has been
– and, in my opinion, remains – a man of means. It is reasonable for the
Husband to continue to maintain the children solely at this point in time,
while the Wife is finding her feet.

64 That said, a mother’s financial responsibility to her children is a
continuing one, for so long as the circumstances mandated under the Charter
prevail. If circumstances for the Wife improve, the Husband is always able,
under the law, to apply for a variation in the child maintenance order upon a
material change in circumstances.

Conclusion

65 In the result, I dismiss the Husband’s appeal in DCA 140/2015 in toto. I
allow in part the Wife’s appeal in DCA 142/2015. Paragraph 3(f) of the DJ’s
orders dated 14 August 2015 is set aside, and the following are ordered in
addition:

(a) The Wife shall retain the proceeds of sale for the Thai Property, and the
Husband is to pay the Wife S$171,864.28 being the balance of the Wife’s share
of the matrimonial assets.

(b) Parties have liberty to apply.

66 I shall hear parties on the costs of the Appeals.

Valerie Thean  
Judicial Commissioner

Koh Tien Hua and Chew Wei En (Harry Elias Partnership LLP) for the appellant
in DCA 140/2015 and respondent in DCA 142/2015;  
Campos Godwin Gilbert (Godwin Campos LLC) for the respondent in DCA 140/2015
and appellant in DCA 142/2015.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 2: 28 Oct 2020 (02:01 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

