Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the Court of appeal of the republic of singapore

[2016] SGCA 18

Civil Appeal No 40 of 2015

Between

ALVIN NICHOLAS NATHAN  
  
---  
  
… Appellant

And

RAFFLES ASSETS (SINGAPORE) PTE LTD  
---  
  
… Respondent

GROUNDS OF DECISION

[Contract] – [Remedies] – [Damages]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Alvin Nicholas Nathan

  
v

  

Raffles Assets (Singapore) Pte Ltd

[2016] SGCA 18

Court of Appeal — Civil Appeal No 40 of 2015  
Chao Hick Tin JA, Quentin Loh J  
1 February 2016  

21 March 2016

Chao Hick Tin JA (delivering the grounds of decision of the court):

1 This appeal concerned the question of damages due to a tenant following the
premature termination of a lease agreement. The parties had entered into a
two-year lease agreement, with an option to renew for another two years (“the
Lease Agreement”). One year into the lease, the respondent-landlord (“the
Respondent”) wanted to renovate the premises and thereby gave notice to
terminate the lease prematurely. As a result, the appellant-tenant (“the
Appellant”) had to find new premises for his business in a relatively short
space of time. This caused the Appellant to first move into interim premises
before he could find more suitable permanent premises.

2 Having, on 23 May 2012, successfully obtained judgment for breach of
contract against the Respondent 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Appellant’s Core Bundle (Volume II) at pp 16-17

, the Appellant applied to court for an assessment of damages. After hearing
the parties, the High Court judge (“the Judge”) assessed the amount due to the
Appellant. However, dissatisfied with the award, the Appellant appealed to us.
While a significant part of the present appeal involved quantifying the exact
loss the Appellant suffered, an important question about the legal and
conceptual basis for awarding and quantifying damages pursuant to a breach of
contract arose and had to be clarified.

Background facts

3 The Appellant is a sole proprietor of several businesses. His main business
is in the agency distributorship for Aviva Ltd’s investment and insurance
products. He also runs a call service called “Eureka Call Centre System (S)
Pte Ltd” which operates a centre for training of persons with disabilities. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Appellant’s case at para 10

The Appellant assumed occupation of 51 Merchant Road, #02-06 to #02-09,
Merchant Square (“the Original Premises”) as a tenant under the Lease
Agreement from December 2010. He used the Original Premises for his agency
distributorship business. At this juncture, we should explain that the Lease
Agreement was signed by the Appellant with the then-owner and landlord on 9
November 2010. The Lease Agreement was subsequently assigned by the then-owner
to the Respondent, who took over as landlord. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Respondent’s case at para 1

As mentioned at [1] above, the Lease Agreement was for a period of two years
(from 15 December 2010 to 14 December 2012) 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

Appellant’s Core Bundle (Volume II) at p131, cl 1

, with an option for the Appellant to renew the lease for another two years
subject to an increase in rent upon renewal capped at 20%. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

Respondent’s case at para 1; Appellant’s Core Bundle (Volume II) at p53, para
6.3.2

4 In early October 2011, the Respondent informed the Appellant that the
Original Premises would be extensively renovated from 1 March 2012 to December
2012. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

The Judgment at [4]

While the Appellant was initially told that he could remain in the Original
Premises until December 2012 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

The Judgment at [5]

, he was subsequently informed in a letter from the Respondent dated 8
November 2011 that the Lease Agreement was to be terminated prematurely and
that he had to surrender the Original Premises by 29 February 2012. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

Appellant’s Core Bundle (Volume II) at p143

Compensation of $39,583.36 was offered for the early termination. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

Appellant’s Core Bundle (Volume II) at p143

There was a further exchange of correspondence, in which the Respondent
eventually revoked its notice of termination and retracted its demand for the
Appellant to surrender the Original Premises by 29 February 2012 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

Appellant’s Core Bundle (Volume II) at p146, para 3

. At that point, the Appellant could not agree with the Respondent’s purported
revocation of its notice of termination. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

Appellant’s Core Bundle (Volume II) at p147, para 3

Neither could the parties reach an amicable settlement.

5 On 15 February 2012, in compliance with the Respondent’s initial demand that
he surrender the Original Premises by 29 February 2012, the Appellant moved to
new, but interim, premises at 1 Magazine Road, #03-01 to #03-02, Central Mall
(“the Interim Premises”). 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

Appellant’s Core Bundle (Vol II) at p14, para 30

On 30 May 2012, the Appellant moved to his permanent premises at 1 Magazine
Road, #07-07 to #07-11, Central Mall (“the Current Premises”), a few floors
above the Interim Premises. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

Appellant’s case at para 7

The lease of the Current Premises only commenced on 16 July 2012 and
renovations were still under way, but the Appellant had no alternative because
the Interim Premises were not available beyond 31 May 2012. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

Appellant’s Core Bundle (Vol II) at p48, para 17

The sizes of and the costs of renting the various premises occupied by the
Appellant are set out below 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

Appellant’s case at paras 8-9

:

Premises| Size (sq ft)| Rental (per sq ft per month)  
---|---|---  
Original Premises| 5,685| $4.82  
Interim Premises| 3,993| $5.99  
Current Premises| 8,073| $5.99  
  
6 In his claim for damages before the Judge, the Appellant sought, inter alia,
compensation for the costs of renovating the Original Premises, which was
wasted because of the early termination of the Lease Agreement, as well as the
costs of relocating to and renovating the Interim Premises and the Current
Premises.

The decision below

7 The High Court awarded the Appellant the following damages (see Alvin
Nicholas Nathan v Raffles Assets (Singapore) Pte Ltd [2015] SGHC 14 (“the
Judgment”)):

(a) $150,000 for wasted costs, ie, the costs the Appellant incurred in
renovating the Original Premises, but which was wasted in part because of the
premature termination of the Lease Agreement 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

Judgment at [17]

;

(b) $20,000 for the inconvenience of finding and moving into new premises 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

Judgment at [18]

;

(c) $62,654.39 for the increased rent paid per square foot for the Current
Premises as compared to the Original Premises, calculated on the basis of the
total area of the Original Premises (ie, 5,685 square feet), and on the basis
that the Lease Agreement would have been renewed for two years at a 20%
increase in rent 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

Judgment at [19]-[20]; Appellant’s Core Bundle (Volume I) at p21, para 1(c)

; and

(d) $83,962 for the costs of relocating to the Interim Premises. The Judge
held it was unreasonable to award the Appellant the costs of two relocations –
first to the Interim Premises, and then to the Current Premises. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

Judgment at [20]

The Appellant’s other claims were dismissed for being too remote. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

Judgment at [21]

The appeal

8 Before us, the Appellant challenged three aspects of the Judge’s award 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

Appellant’s case at para 14

. First, the Appellant submitted that the Judge erred in awarding him only
$62,654.39 for the increased rent he had to pay. In arriving at the sum of
$62,654.39, the Judge had regard to the Respondent’s expert’s assessment of
the estimated additional rent which the Appellant needed to pay based on the
higher rate of rental payable for the Interim Premises as well as the Current
Premises. The Respondent’s expert’s assessment is summarised in the following
table 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

Appellant’s core bundle vol II at p 79

:

Estimated loss from 1 March 2012 to 14 Dec 2012  
---  
1| Interim Premises (1 Mar 12 to 31 May 12)| $14,099.28  
2| Current Premises (16 Jul 12 to 14 Dec 12)| $33,456.23  
3| Current Premises – Additional area (16 Jul 12 to 14 Dec 12)| Nil  
Estimated loss from 15 December 2012 to 14 Dec 2014  
4| Current Premises | $29,198.16  
5| Current Premises – Additional area| Nil  
Total| $76,753.67  
  
9 Items 1 to 3 relate to the period prior to the renewal of the Lease
Agreement, and were calculated on the basis that the rent of the Original
Premises was $4.82 per square foot per month. Item 1 was calculated on the
basis that an extra $1.17 had to be paid per square foot per month for the
Interim Premises, which was 3,993 square feet. Item 2 was calculated on the
basis that an extra $1.17 had to be paid per square foot per month for 5,685
square feet. The “Nil” award for item 3 represents the Respondent’s expert’s
assessment that the Appellant should not be awarded the extra rent incurred
for the additional area (2,388 square feet), it being the difference in area
between the Original Premises and the Current Premises (“the Excess Area”).
Item 4 represented the additional rent which the Appellant had to pay for the
next two years on account of the increased rental for the Current Premises,
giving consideration to the fact that the rental of the Original Premises
would have been increased by 20%. Similar to item 3, item 5 gives nothing for
the additional rental for the Excess Area from 15 December 2012 to 14 December
2014.

10 The Judge largely agreed with the Respondent’s expert’s estimate of the
additional rental which the Appellant had to pay, but disapproved of awarding
any damages for the increased rent paid during the period when the Appellant
was occupying the Interim Premises (ie, item 1). This was because the Judge
was of the view that the Appellant could have mitigated his losses by staying
on in the Original Premises rather than moving for such a brief period into
the Interim Premises until the Current Premises were ready for occupation. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

The Judgment at [19] and [20]

Thus, the Judge awarded a sum of $62,654.39, which was derived by subtracting
$14,099.28 (item 1 at [8] above) from the Respondent’s expert’s total
estimated rental loss of $76,753.67.

11 On appeal, the Appellant first submitted that he should have been
compensated for the increased rent incurred due to the Excess Area of the
Current Premises, and, at the very least, that the Judge should have followed
the Respondent’s expert’s estimate and awarded him the increased rent payable
during the period he was occupying the Interim Premises.

12 Second, the Appellant submitted that the Judge erred by failing to award
damages of $100,963.06 to compensate him for the costs of his relocation from
the Interim Premises to the Current Premises (ie, the costs of the second
relocation). The Judge reasoned that the Appellant could have avoided
relocating twice by staying on in the Original Premises until the Current
Premises were ready. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

The Judgment at [20]

However, the Appellant submitted that he could not be expected to remain in
the Original Premises beyond 1 March 2012 when the Respondent would be
carrying out renovations thereto. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

Appellant’s case at paras 41-42

It was therefore not unreasonable for the Appellant to move to the Interim
Premises first bearing in mind that it was the acts of the Respondent which
brought about this state of affairs. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

Appellant’s case at para 49

13 Third, the Appellant submitted that the Judge erred in awarding only
$150,000 for wasted costs. On this item of claim, the Appellant argued that
the Judge was wrong to have preferred the Respondent’s expert’s estimates to
the Appellant’s expert’s estimates of wasted costs. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

Appellant’s case at paras 63-65

Our decision

14 Having heard the parties, we dismissed the appeal. We found that while the
Judge had erred in his award of damages, the result of his error was that the
Appellant received more damages than he should have had. Given, however, that
there was no cross-appeal by the Respondent, we declined to intervene in the
Judge’s award of damages and dismissed the appeal. We shall now explain our
decision.

Costs of renting the Excess Area

15 As mentioned at [11] above, the Appellant sought compensation for the
increased rent which he had to pay on account of the Excess Area. In our
opinion, the Appellant was not entitled to compensation for the Excess Area.
We agreed with the Judge that the Appellant’s move to larger premises was,
based on the evidence before the court, likely to have been a deliberate move
on his part. The Appellant claimed that his business did not require the
additional 2,388 square feet of space (ie, the Excess Area), and that he only
accepted the Current Premises because he could not find smaller alternative
premises that suited his needs. However, when questioned, the Appellant could
not point to any evidence that he had been looking for premises that were
approximately the size of the Original Premises. Instead, the Respondent
brought to the court’s attention the fact that the Appellant’s shortlist of 18
possible properties only included premises which had an area of at least 7,000
square feet. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

Respondent’s supplementary core bundle at p 73

In the circumstances, given that there was no evidence that the Appellant had
made any effort to find premises with similar dimensions to those of the
Original Premises, we found that the Appellant had failed to mitigate his
losses. It was unreasonable to require the Respondent to compensate the
Appellant for the costs of renting premises which were approximately 50%
bigger than the Original Premises.

Costs of renting and relocating to the Interim Premises

16 The Judge held that the Appellant could have mitigated his losses by
staying on at the Original Premises until the Current Premises were ready. If
he did, he would not have incurred (a) two relocation costs and (b) the
increased rent for the Interim Premises prior to the move to the Current
Premises. The Appellant however appealed against this finding on the ground,
inter alia, that it was not unreasonable for him to have left the Original
Premises before the renovations started on 1 March 2012.

17 It is a well-established principle that “the aggrieved party must take all
reasonable steps to mitigate the loss consequent on the defaulting party’s
breach, and cannot recover damages for any loss which it could have avoided
but failed to avoid due to its own unreasonable action or inaction”: The “Asia
Star” [2010] 2 SLR 1154 (“Asia Star”) at [24]. The burden, however, is on the
defaulting party to show that the aggrieved party had failed to fulfil its
duty to mitigate: Asia Star at [24].

18 In the present case, we found that it was not unreasonable for the
Appellant to have moved out of the Original Premises before 1 March 2012 even
though the permanent premises he found were not ready. The Appellant cited
issues of safety for his handicapped employees, noise, inconvenience, and the
lack of parking space to explain why he could not stay on in the Original
Premises after renovations thereto commenced. Moreover, it being a standard
stipulation in a lease that a tenant is entitled to quiet enjoyment of the
premises, in our view, it was reasonable for the Appellant to want to avoid
the inconveniences the renovations would have brought about, even if shifting
into the Interim Premises would have involved incurring some extra costs.

19 Further, we took into account the fact that the Respondent had initially
demanded that the Appellant vacate the Original Premises by 29 February 2012
and confirmed that it was terminating the Lease Agreement prematurely. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

Appellant’s Core Bundle (Volume II) at p143 and 145

This clearly constituted a repudiatory breach of the Lease Agreement by
renunciation (see Situation 2 in RDC Concrete Pte Ltd v Sato Kogyo (S) Pte Ltd
and another appeal [2007] 4 SLR(R) 413 at [93]), giving the Appellant an
immediate right to terminate the contract. By way of a letter dated 17
November 2011, the Appellant exercised his right to accept the Respondent’s
repudiatory breach. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

Appellant’s Core Bundle (Volume II) at 144, para 6

In the circumstances, we found that the Appellant had acted reasonably on the
basis that he had to leave before 29 February 2012 to avoid any allegation
that he was affirming the Lease Agreement despite the Respondent’s repudiatory
breach, or to avoid over staying on the Original Premises when he had no right
to given that the Lease Agreement was effectively terminated from 29 February
2012. It should be noted that in two letters, dated 13 December 2011 and 3
January 2012, the Respondent’s solicitors specifically warned the Appellant
that his continued possession of the Original Premises was inconsistent with
him accepting the repudiatory breach. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

Appellant’s Core Bundle (Volume II) at p148, para 3; p151, para 3

We, therefore, were of the view that it did not then lie in the mouth of the
Respondent to submit that the Appellant’s failure to stay on in the Original
Premises was unreasonable. It was not reasonable to expect the Appellant to
act in accordance with the Respondent’s whims, ie, to change his plans just on
account of the fact that the Respondent changed its mind about wanting the
Appellant to vacate the Original Premises by end February 2012.

20 For the above reasons, we disagreed with the Judge’s finding that the
Appellant’s failure to remain in the Original Premises until the Current
Premises were ready was a failure to mitigate on his part. The Appellant
therefore ought to have been awarded the extra rent incurred during the short
period when he occupied the Interim Premises (see item 1 in [8] above), and
the costs of relocating from the Interim Premises to the Current Premises.

21 Having said that, we disapproved of the Appellant’s quantification of his
relocation costs. The Appellant asserted that he spent $100,963.06 on
relocation and making the necessary alterations to the Current Premises. 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

Appellant’s case at para 56

The Respondent pointed out that it was unreasonable and unforeseeable that the
Appellant would spend $59,000 on the purchase and installation of
individualised air-conditioning units in the Current Premises even though the
Current Premises had central air-conditioning. 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

Respondent’s case at para 26, Respondent’s supplemental core bundle at p8

We agreed. That sum should be excluded from the claim. Thus, we would only
have awarded the Appellant the sum of $41,963.06 for the costs of relocating
from the Interim Premises to the Current Premises.

Wasted costs and the basis for an award of damages

22 On the claim for wasted costs incurred on the Original Premises, we could
not accept the claim even though the Judge accepted and made an award based on
that. While the Respondent had only raised in passing the principle that the
Judge should not have awarded both expectation and reliance losses
(explaining, perhaps, the absence of a cross-appeal) 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

Respondent’s case at paras 10-12

, we found that this was an important point.

23 When a contract is terminated pursuant to a repudiatory breach and damages
are awarded, the court seeks to place the innocent party in the position he
would have been in if the contract had been performed. In respect of a case
where a contract is terminated pursuant to a repudiatory breach, the court
held in Hong Fok Realty Pte Ltd v Bima Investment Pte Ltd and another appeal
[1992] 2 SLR(R) 834 (“Hong Fok v Bima”) at [24]:

The object of the award of damages in this type of situation is not to restore
the parties to their respective positions as if the contract had not been
made, but rather, in recognition of the existence of the contract and the
subsequent breach, to compensate the innocent party, as far as money can do
so, for the loss, damage and injury which he has suffered as a result of the
breach. It is to place the innocent party, so far as money can do so, in the
same position as if the contract had been performed.

[emphasis added]

24 Following this principle, damages for breach of contract are ordinarily
assessed in terms of the claimant’s expectation loss, which refers to the
value of the benefit that the claimant would have obtained but for the breach
of contract, or, to put it another way, the gains the claimant expected as a
result of the full performance of the contract: Andrew Phang Boon Leong, The
Law of Contract in Singapore (Academy Publishing, 2012) (“The Law of
Contract”) at para 21.033. On occasion, damages for breach of contract may be
quantified in terms of the claimant’s reliance loss – that is, the costs and
expenses the claimant incurred in reliance on the defendant’s contracted-for
performance, but which were wasted because of the breach of contract: The Law
of Contract at para 21.034. The basis for awarding reliance loss is the
assumption that were the contract performed, the claimant would have at least
fully recovered the costs and expenditure incurred: Van Der Horst Engineering
Pte Ltd v Rotol Singapore Ltd [2006] 2 SLR(R) 586 at [54]–[55]. Indeed, in
cases where a claimant enters into a bad bargain and would not have recovered
all his costs/expenditure even if the contract had been performed, his losses
may not be quantified by reference to his reliance expenditure: C & P Haulage
v Middleton [1983] 1 WLR 1461 at 1468. Thus, the underlying principle, even in
cases where reliance loss is awarded, is to place the innocent party in the
position he would have been in had the contract been performed.

25 It should be noted that claims for expectation losses and reliance losses
are generally alternative claims: The Law of Contract at para 21.037. As this
court held in Hong Fok v Bima at [59]:

a plaintiff cannot claim wasted expenditure and loss of profit at the same
time. The reason is that a claim for profit is made on the hypothesis that the
expenditure had been incurred…

Indeed, if a court awards a claimant both expectation and reliance losses
following a breach of contract, the claimant would have been put in an even
better position than he would have been in if the contract had been wholly
performed. He would effectively have obtained the gains he expected as a
result of the full performance of the contract, yet would not have had to
incur the necessary costs in securing those gains. The claimant would thus be
over-compensated.

26 Putting it in the plainest terms, had the Lease Agreement been wholly
performed by the Respondent, the Appellant would have been entitled to enjoy
the use of the Original Premises at the agreed rental for a total of four
years subject to the qualification that in respect of the second two year
period (ie, the renewed term), the Appellant would have had to pay up to 20%
more in terms of rental in order to enjoy the use of the Original Premises.
However, in view of the breach of the Lease Agreement by the Respondent, the
Appellant had to suffer the payment of higher rental rates for the use of the
Interim Premises and the Current Premises. In addition, the Appellant had to
incur relocation costs, ie, the costs of relocating from the Original Premises
to the Interim Premises, and then from the Interim Premises to the Current
Premises. Of course, besides the higher rental and relocation expenses
incurred, the Appellant had also suffered the inconvenience of relocating, for
which the Judge had awarded him the sum of $20,000 (see [7(b)] above). These
were the losses suffered by the Appellant on account of the Respondent’s
breach. On payment of these sums as damages, the Appellant would effectively
have been placed in a position, as far as money can buy, as if there was no
breach on the part of the Respondent.

27 The problem with the award of wasted costs made by the Judge lay in the
fact that it would be over-compensating the Appellant. Had the Lease Agreement
been performed by the Respondent, the Appellant would still have incurred the
“wasted costs”, ie, the costs of renovating the Original Premises, to render
them suitable for his purposes. In this regard, we noted that the Judge did
not grant the sum claimed by the Appellant for the costs of the second
relocation. In our view, there seemed to be a slight misunderstanding on the
part of the Judge as to the underlying principle upon which damages were
assessed. By awarding the appellant both wasted costs and the costs of the
first relocation, the Judge effectively exempted the Appellant from having to
pay any costs for renovating the Original Premises. While denying the
Appellant damages for the costs of the second relocation did reduce the total
damages which the Appellant was entitled to receive from the Respondent, such
an approach was not correct conceptually. If, as the Judge found, the
Appellant was not entitled to be indemnified as to the costs of the second
relocation, there should be no question of the Appellant being compensated in
a different way by awarding him the costs incurred in doing up the Original
Premises, ie, by an award of wasted costs.

28 In this regard, we should add that the Respondent suggested that the
Appellant ought to have been awarded wasted costs rather than relocation costs
(ie, reliance rather than expectation loss) 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

Respondent’s case at paras 10-12

. We did not think that this suggestion would be in accord with principle.
Conceptually, and in the circumstances here, an award of relocation costs
would, as opposed to wasted costs, better achieve the law’s aim of placing the
Appellant in the position he would have been in had the Lease Agreement been
performed.

29 For the reasons given, we held that the Judge should not have awarded the
Appellant $150,000 for wasted costs. We noted that the Appellant had asked for
an even higher amount for wasted costs. In view of our opinion on this item of
claim, the question of increasing the quantum of award for wasted costs did
not arise.

Conclusion

30 In conclusion, we found that the Appellant should have been awarded an
extra $14,099.28 for the increased rent he incurred whilst he occupied the
Interim Premises (see item 1 in [8] above), and an extra $41,963.06 for the
costs of relocating from the Interim Premises to the Current Premises (see
[21] above). However, we also found that the Appellant should not have been
awarded damages of $150,000 for wasted costs (see [27]-[29] above). In the
result, the Appellant was therefore better off without any appellate
intervention. Given that there was no cross-appeal by the Respondent, we
dismissed the Appellant’s appeal and awarded costs of $30,000 (all in) to the
Respondent.

Chao Hick Tin Quentin Loh  
Judge of Appeal Judge

Suresh Damodara and Clement Ong Zi Ying (Damodara Hazra LLP) for the
appellant;  
Sim Bock Eng and Jasmine Chan Mei Wen (WongPartnership LLP) for the
respondent.  

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 11 Jan 2022 (19:48 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

