Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the COURT OF APPEAL of the republic of singapore

[2016] SGCA 48

Civil Appeal No 199 of 2015

Between

| LIKPIN INTERNATIONAL LTD  
---|---  
  
… Appellant

And

(1)(2)| SWIBER HOLDINGS LTD SWIBER OFFSHORE CONSTRUCTION PTE LTD  
---|---  
  
… Respondents

eX-TEMPORE JUDGMENT

[Admiralty and Shipping] — [Admiralty jurisdiction and arrest]

[Civil Procedure] — [Striking Out]

[Civil Procedure] — [Costs]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Likpin International Ltd

  
v

  

Swiber Holdings Ltd and another

[2016] SGCA 48

Court of Appeal — Civil Appeal No 199 of 2015  
Sundaresh Menon CJ, Chao Hick Tin JA and Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA  
25 July 2016

Sundaresh Menon CJ (delivering the judgment of the court ex tempore):

Background

1 In Civil Appeal No 199 of 2015 (“CA 199/2015”), the appellant, Likpin
International Ltd (“the Appellant”), appeals against the decision of the High
Court judge (“the Judge”) in Registrar’s Appeal No 239 of 2015. The Judge
struck out the Appellant’s writ against Swiber Holdings Limited (“the 1st
Respondent”) and Swiber Offshore Construction Pte Ltd (“the 2nd Respondent”)
(collectively “the Respondents”) in relation to Admiralty in Personam No 113
of 2015. His written judgment is reported as Likpin International Ltd v Swiber
Holdings Ltd and another [2015] 5 SLR 962 (“the Judgment”).

2 The Appellant’s claim against the 1st Respondent alleges that a procurement
agreement was concluded between the Appellant and the 1st Respondent in
respect of the intended charter of a pipe-laying vessel (“the Procurement
Agreement”). The Appellant’s claim against the 2nd Respondent alleges that the
latter procured or induced the breach of or unlawfully interfered with the
Procurement Agreement. The facts are set out in full in the Judgment and it is
not necessary for us to reprise them here.

Our decision on the merits

3 The central issue in this appeal is whether the Appellant’s claims against
the Respondents are legally and factually unsustainable so that it is plain
and obvious that they should not be allowed to proceed to trial. The Judge
thought so and largely for the reasons he gave, we agree.

4 However, there are a couple of points that we think we should note in this
Judgment. The Appellant submitted in the court below that its claim in
relation to the Procurement Agreement fell under s 3(1)(h) of the High Court
(Admiralty Jurisdiction) Act (Cap 123, 2001 Rev Ed) (“the HC(AJ)A”) (see
Judgment at [9]). That section of the HC(AJ)A brings within the High Court’s
admiralty jurisdiction “any claim arising out of any agreement relating to the
carriage of goods in a ship or to the use or hire of a ship” [emphasis added].
In so submitting, the Appellant expressly acknowledged in the court below that
the Procurement Agreement was in substance a charterparty for the use or hire
of Swiber Conquest, a vessel owned by the 2nd Respondent.

5 Before us, counsel for the Appellant, Mr Kenneth Tan SC (“Mr Tan”), has
sought to characterise the Procurement Agreement not as a charterparty in
itself, but as an agreement between the 1st Respondent and Appellant for the
former to procure the 2nd Respondent to enter into a charterparty with the
Appellant on terms, among other things, that one of the vessels, namely,
Swiber Concorde or Swiber Conquest, would be delivered by 20–22 May 2009. This
characterisation of the Appellant’s claim is somewhat different from the way
the case was put before the Judge.

6 On the basis of Mr Tan’s characterisation, the Procurement Agreement would
be an agreement to procure a charterparty. In other words, it would be an
agreement to procure an agreement relating to the use or hire of a ship. We
asked Mr Tan if the claim as characterised by him would still fall within s
3(1)(h) of the HC(AJ)A.

7 We refer in this regard to the decision of the High Court in The “Catur
Samudra” [2010] 2 SLR 518 (“The Catur Samudra”) in which the ambit of the
expression “relating to” in s 3(1)(h) of the HC(AJ)A was discussed. This
discussion is potentially material in determining whether the Procurement
Agreement could be said to fall within that section. The plaintiff in that
case entered into an agreement with a third party (“H”) to purchase the vessel
Mahakam. On the same day, it entered into a bareboat charter party (“the
Charterparty”) to lease the Mahakam to H for 60 months. It was a condition
precedent under the Charterparty that the defendant execute a guarantee in
favour of the plaintiff to secure the due performance and payment of H’s
obligations under the Charterparty. The defendant executed the guarantee. When
H defaulted on its payment obligations under the Charterparty, the plaintiff
terminated the Charterparty and obtained possession of the Mahakam. It further
invoked the admiralty jurisdiction of the High Court under s 3(1)(h) of the
HC(AJ)A to arrest the Catur Samudra, a vessel owned by the defendant.

8 The defendant applied to strike out the writ of summons filed by the
plaintiff, and to set aside the arrest of the Catur Samudra. Among other
things, the issue before the High Court was whether the guarantee was an
agreement relating to the hire of ship, such that it fell within s 3(1)(h) of
the HC(AJ)A. The plaintiff relied on the fact that under the Charterparty, it
was a condition precedent that the defendant execute the guarantee. On this
basis, it was submitted that the guarantee must be an agreement relating to
the hire of a ship since without the guarantee, there would have been no
charterparty of the Mahakam. The High Court rejected the plaintiff’s argument
and allowed the defendant’s application to strike out the writ of summons and
set aside the arrest.

9 The High Court held (following the decision of the House of Lords in Gatoil
International Inc v Arkwright-Boston Manufacturers Mutual Insurance Co (The
Sandrina) [1985] AC 255 at 271) that to be considered “an agreement relating
to the use or hire of a ship” the agreement in question must have some
“reasonably direct connection with such activities” (the “Direct Connection
Test”). In this regard, the court held (at [37]) that although the guarantee
was a condition precedent of the Charterparty, this could not render the
guarantee an agreement relating to the use or hire of a vessel.

10 As noted above, we put the issue to Mr Tan. In fairness to him, it has to
be said that the point has not been taken by the Respondents and so Mr Tan was
taken by surprise. In any event, it is not necessary for us to make a ruling
on this question. Nonetheless, we observe, provisionally, that the words
“relating to” in s 3(1)(h) of the HC(AJ)A should be read narrowly to exclude a
collateral or separate agreement independent of the charterparty or bill of
lading unless it is “intrinsically related to the use or hire of a vessel”
(The Catur Samudra at [43]). We are attracted to this view because the
successful invocation of the admiralty jurisdiction of the court carries with
it a number of consequences and it seems to us appropriate that something more
than an indirect connection to the relevant limb of s 3(1) of the HC(AJ)A
should be demonstrated. However, as we have said, it is not necessary for us
to base our decision on this and we leave the point open for full argument in
an appropriate case.

11 Turning to the substantive merits of the appeal, the Judge succinctly and
carefully analysed the relevant material and, at [38]–[79] of the Judgment,
set out the reasons for his view that the Appellant’s claims against the
Respondents are legally and factually unsustainable. Mr Tan’s efforts have not
undermined the reasoning of the Judge in any way. We therefore affirm the
Judge’s decision in its entirety and dismiss the appeal in CA 199/2015.

Our decision on costs

12 In relation to costs, counsel for the Respondents, Mr Jimmy Yim SC (“Mr
Yim”), has referred us to the costs schedules submitted by the parties. In
these schedules, the Respondents have estimated their costs to be $80,000 plus
$2,310.30 in disbursements whereas the Appellant has estimated its costs to be
$60,000 plus $3,932.80 in disbursements. Mr Yim also notes that increased
security for costs of $60,000 has been ordered against the Appellant in this
appeal. Mr Yim seeks an order for costs in the sum indicated in the
Respondents’ costs schedule.

13 While Mr Tan accepts that an estimate in the sum of $60,000 was indicated
in the Appellant’s costs schedule, he points out that the Appellant’s initial
estimate was $45,000; this amount was increased to $60,000 to reflect the
increase in the security for costs that was provided by the Appellant. Mr Tan
submits that the appeal turned purely on the facts. He contends that, in
truth, the appeal did not warrant a costs award even for the sum of $60,000.

14 Instead, he submits that the costs in this case should not exceed the
Appellant’s initial estimate of $45,000. Indeed, he contends that, given the
nature of the appeal, an award of costs in this amount would already be
generous.

15 As stated in paragraph 99B(1) of the Supreme Court Practice Directions (1
January 2013 release) (“PD”), solicitors making submissions on party-and-party
costs or preparing their costs schedules may have regard to the costs
guidelines set out in Appendix G of the PD (the “Costs Guidelines”). The Costs
Guidelines serve only as a general guide and the precise amount to be awarded
remains at the discretion of the court making the costs award. Nonetheless,
they are there for a purpose: to guide the court in making costs awards and
therefore to guide counsel so that they may prepare costs schedules that are
genuine estimates of their party-and-party costs and defensible at the outset
without regard to the outcome of the appeal. This requires counsel to, among
other things, fairly assess their client’s case, the legal and factual
complexity of the live issues, and the nature and complexity of the arguments
that have to be canvassed and/or responded to and then in this light to
consider the guidance provided in the Costs Guidelines.

16 It has to be said that we think that the present appeal is a relatively
simple matter; it is a case that essentially concerns the legal sustainability
of an intended claim on the basis of certain asserted facts. In fact, we did
not even require Mr Yim to rise in response to Mr Tan’s arguments. The entire
substantive appeal was disposed of within an hour. We note also that the costs
below were fixed by the Judge in the sum of $20,000. We therefore find
ourselves in agreement with Mr Tan’s submission that having regard to the
Costs Guidelines, even an award of $45,000 for costs would be generous.

17 However, we also consider that the court may and often should take into
account and assign the appropriate weight to the submissions of each of the
parties on costs as part of the multi-factorial analysis that undergirds the
exercise of its discretion in assessing and awarding costs. This, of course,
is subject to its overriding duty to ensure that any costs order is not unduly
prejudicial to the paying party.

18 Given that the Appellant’s own claim for costs would have been on the high
side (at $60,000) had it prevailed, we consider this to be a factor that
should be taken into account in deciding the costs payable by it now that it
has failed. We therefore fix costs at $50,000 all-in (inclusive of reasonable
disbursements) and make the usual consequential orders.

19 We wish to take this opportunity to remind counsel to take account of the
guidance we have provided at [15] above. Counsel who submit costs schedules
that are excessive and indefensible and reflect disregard for this guidance
might find themselves open to sanctions including (without limitation) being
made to bear the costs of any argument on costs personally. We have
endeavoured to provide clarity and enhance consistency and predictability of
costs awards through the publication of the Costs Guidelines and the
imposition of the requirement for costs schedules to be submitted. It is now
for counsel to help make these initiatives work as they should for the benefit
of the litigating public.

Sundaresh Menon Chao Hick Tin Andrew Phang Boon Leong  
Chief Justice Judge of Appeal Judge of Appeal

Kenneth Tan, SC (Kenneth Tan Partnership) (instructed counsel), Leonard Chia
(Asia Ascent Law Corporation) for the appellant; and  
Jimmy Yim, SC, Mahesh Rai and Ben Chia (Drew & Napier LLC) for the
respondents.  
  

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:39 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

