Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the COURT OF APPEAL of the republic of singapore

[2016] SGCA 8

Civil Appeal No 177 of 2013 (Summons No 240 of 2015)

Between

| MOK KAH HONG (M.W.)  
---|---  
  
… Applicant

And

| ZHENG ZHUAN YAO (FORMERLY KNOWN AS TAY CHUAN YAO)  
---|---  
  
… Respondent

grounds of decision

[Contempt of Court] — [Civil contempt]

[Contempt of Court] — [Court’s powers]

[Contempt of Court] — [Criminal and non-criminal contempt distinguished]

[Contempt of Court] — [Sentencing] — [Principles]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Mok Kah Hong

  
v  

Zheng Zhuan Yao

[2016] SGCA 8

Court of Appeal — Civil Appeal No 177 of 2013 (Summons No 240 of 2015)  
Sundaresh Menon CJ, Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA and Steven Chong J  
11 March; 15 May; 22 July; 10 September 2015

4 February 2016

Steven Chong J (delivering the judgment of the court):

Introduction

1 The family justice regime in Singapore rests on the power of the court to
achieve a just and equitable division of matrimonial assets upon the breakdown
of a marriage. This objective, however, cannot be equitably achieved if
parties are allowed to conceal assets and act in wilful disobedience of
judgments or orders of the court. The former is generally addressed by way of
drawing adverse inferences in the exercise of the court’s power to divide
matrimonial assets. The latter falls to be dealt with by the law of contempt,
where contemnors may be committed to prison or fined for failing to comply
with judgments or orders of the court. Regrettably, this was an unfortunate
case involving both elements, where the husband had concealed assets and had
embarked on a course of conduct in wilful defiance of several judgments and
orders made by the court.

2 At the hearing of the substantive appeal, we agreed with the High Court
Judge (“the Judge”) that an adverse inference ought to be drawn against the
husband for the wholly unsatisfactory manner in which he had disclosed his
assets in the course of the matrimonial proceedings. We applied an uplift of
40% to the known value of the husband’s assets and awarded the wife a share of
35% of the gross value of the husband’s assets (ie, after the application of
the uplift). We also affirmed in full the Judge’s orders as regards the lump
sum maintenance that the husband had been ordered to pay the wife. The husband
failed to comply with our orders and the wife applied for the husband to be
committed to prison for his contempt of court. After a series of applications
which culminated in the committal proceedings, we held the husband in contempt
and sentenced him to eight months’ imprisonment, suspended for a period of
four weeks to enable the husband to effect compliance with the order. Even
then, the husband failed to comply and he has since commenced his term of
imprisonment on 9 October 2015. We now set out the reasons for our decision at
each stage of the committal proceedings, from the wife’s application for the
insertion of a penal notice against the husband up to the sentencing of the
husband after holding him in contempt of court.

The facts

The marriage

3 The parties were married on 25 July 1983. They have a son, Mr Tay Daxian,
who is now 24 years old. Throughout the marriage, the husband was the sole
breadwinner, while the wife was the homemaker. She was primarily responsible
for raising the son and she managed the household with the aid of domestic
helpers.

4 The husband has had a mistress, Madam Pok Poh Choo (“Mdm Pok”), since 1989.
He has two children by Mdm Pok and he successfully kept this secret from the
wife and the son for many years.

5 The husband first wrote to the wife on 22 August 2008 through his
solicitors, proposing a divorce on account of the irretrievable breakdown of
their relationship. This was followed by another letter dated 30 December
2009, also through his solicitors, stating that he intended to commence
divorce proceedings.

The divesting of assets

6 The husband eventually commenced divorce proceedings on 26 February 2010. At
that point in time, in anticipation of the inevitable divorce, the husband
engaged in a course of conduct to divest himself of his assets. These findings
are detailed in the judgment of the High Court dealing with the ancillary
matters of the divorce (see Zheng Zhuan Yao v Mok Kah Hong [2014] SGHC 84
(“the Judgment”)). For present purposes, we will provide a brief summary of
the facts that are relevant to the contempt proceedings before us.

7 The husband owned, inter alia, a property at Stevens Court (“the Stevens
Court property”), a freehold development located along Stevens Road. It
appears from the evidence that the parties had lived at the Stevens Court
property with their son from around 1994 onwards. Therefore, although the
husband had maintained throughout the course of the matrimonial proceedings
that the Stevens Court property was a gift from his father, it could not be
seriously disputed that it was in fact a matrimonial asset pursuant to s
112(10) of the Women’s Charter (Cap 353, 2009 Rev Ed). On 19 January 2010, the
husband mortgaged the Stevens Court property to the Oversea-Chinese Banking
Corporation Limited (“OCBC Bank”) without informing the wife. This was about
one month prior to the husband’s filing for a divorce. Prior to this, the
Stevens Court property appeared to be unencumbered.

8 On or about 21 January 2010, the husband allegedly pledged his 1m shares in
First Grade Agency Pte Ltd (“First Grade”), a company he was a director of, to
his father’s sister, Madam Tay Ban Geok (“Mdm Tay”) in return for a loan of
S$1m. This occurred only two days after the husband had mortgaged the Stevens
Court property. The husband claimed that the proceeds from the loan had been
used to pay off his business debts. No documentary evidence was, however,
adduced by the husband in support of such an assertion.

9 On 11 June 2010, which was after the commencement of divorce proceedings,
the husband transferred his 3m shares in Tay Aik Leng Holding Investment Pte
Ltd (“Tay Aik Leng”) to his father, Mr Tay Jui Chuan (“Mr Tay”). According to
the certificate of stamp duty, the transfer was made for a consideration of
S$3m. The husband, however, claimed that he did not receive any consideration
for the transfer and that the form was merely filled up as a formality. He
alleged that he was only holding the shares in Tay Aik Leng as a nominee of
his father, Mr Tay.

10 This was followed by a transfer of his 1m shares in Inhil Investment Pte
Ltd (“Inhil”) to his father’s brother, Mr Teh Jui Kern (“Mr Teh”), on 1
September 2010. With reference to a consolidated summary of share transfers
adduced by the husband, the transfer was made for a nominal consideration of
S$1. As with the case in Tay Aik Leng, the husband maintained that he was only
a mere nominee of the Inhil shares.

The injunction

11 On 15 September 2010, the wife obtained an injunction against the husband
from dissipating, disposing and/or dealing with, in any way, the Stevens Court
property and the husband’s shareholdings in various companies, including First
Grade, Tay Aik Leng and Inhil. The husband, subsequently, in breach of the
injunction, further mortgaged the Stevens Court property surreptitiously. This
was only revealed when the husband produced a printout at a hearing before the
Judge on 4 September 2013, wherein it was reflected that there was an
additional mortgage loan account which was not reflected in his earlier
affidavit.

The proceedings before the High Court

12 The dispute concerning the division of matrimonial assets and maintenance
came before the Judge, who delivered his oral judgment with brief reasons on
28 November 2013. The written grounds of decision (ie, the Judgment) were
thereafter released on 29 April 2014.

13 The Judge made a number of adverse findings as regards the husband’s
conduct in divesting himself of his assets. First, in relation to the Stevens
Court property, the Judge observed that the husband had obtained a further
mortgage in breach of the court injunction. The Judge also rejected the
husband’s claim that he had used the loan proceeds to pay off his business
debts. It was observed that the husband was unable to adduce any documentary
evidence of the purported losses or transactions entered into by the company.
Apart from his self-serving bare allegations, the husband also gave
contradictory accounts under cross-examination and in his various affidavits
regarding the use of the loan proceeds and the quantum of the losses suffered
from his business venture. The Judge also observed that the initial mortgage
with OCBC Bank was “rather conspicuously registered” on 28 January 2010 (at
[22]), which was just within a month before the husband commenced divorce
proceedings on 26 February 2010 and within a month after he had expressed his
intention to seek a divorce in the letter dated 30 December 2009. Accordingly,
the Judge drew an adverse inference against the husband and found that the
OCBC Bank mortgages were not bona fide liabilities. They were therefore to be
excluded in determining the value of the Stevens Court property.

14 In relation to the husband’s pledging of his 1m shares in First Grade, the
Judge found the husband’s evidence that the loan proceeds (amounting to S$1m)
were allegedly used to pay off his business debts was “far from clear or
convincing” (at [40]). The husband constantly vacillated between the position
that the pledge was for a loan already disbursed to him and that the cash
advances from Mdm Tay and/or First Grade to him (or his creditors) were
disbursements out of the S$1m loan. In addition, the Judge also observed that
the pledge was “rather conspicuously executed just a month prior to the
[husband]’s filing for a divorce” (at [40]). In summary, the Judge found that
the pledge was not genuine and had been fabricated for the purposes of the
matrimonial proceedings.

15 As regards the husband’s claim that he did not receive any consideration
for the transfer of his 3m shares in Tay Aik Leng to Mr Tay (ie, his father),
the Judge observed that the husband had given different explanations to
account for the transfer. The Judge acknowledged that the husband’s
vacillations cast “a long shadow of doubt” on his evidence that he was merely
a nominee of the shares in Tay Aik Leng for his father (at [47]). After
finding that the shares did form part of the pool of matrimonial assets, the
Judge rejected the husband’s claim that he was only a nominee shareholder and
proceeded to attribute a value of S$3m (ie, the stated consideration on the
share transfer form) to the shares.

16 In relation to the husband’s transfer of his 1m shares in Inhil to Mr Teh
(ie, his father’s brother), the Judge found that the shares had been placed in
the husband’s name to hold on behalf of Mr Tay or, at the very most, that it
was a gift. In the circumstances, it was held that the Inhil shares did not
form part of the matrimonial assets for division.

17 Apart from the specific assets mentioned above, the Judge acknowledged that
the husband also failed to disclose multiple other assets in the course of the
matrimonial proceedings, such as his properties in Australia and Malaysia, an
Indonesian property, and his shareholdings in numerous foreign companies. The
Judge provided a summary of his findings (at [83]–[86]):

83 [The husband]’s evidence on the witness stand was quite appalling. He was
often contradictory and his favourite refuge and refrain was “I cannot
remember”. He claimed that this was either because of the stroke he suffered
in or around April 2010 or that it was “so long ago”. However, every now and
then in parrying counsel’s questions, he showed he was not as mentally
handicapped as he claimed. Despite claiming debilitation from a stroke, there
was evidence that he was gambling by June or July 2010 and was able to travel
from Australia to Resorts World Sentosa no less to do so.

84 [The husband] also made many claims of failed businesses, losing huge sums
of money at various times, huge debts to diverse persons or companies and
having had to pay off persons. However, he was unable to name these persons or
companies and constantly lapsed into his convenient refrain that the
businesses were in Indonesia and that these payments were to government
officials. However, as [the husband] repeatedly conceded in cross-examination,
he could and did not produce a single shred of evidence to show any evidence
of these claims and allegations made by him. Another standard refrain was that
in Indonesia, business was done differently and nothing could be in writing.
Yet he was able to file some 12 affidavits, obtain affidavits from persons in
Indonesia and adduce Notarised Statements from Indonesia backing his claims
that the shares in his name had been transferred.

85 There was also clear evidence that [the husband] had not made full and
frank disclosure of his assets. On the contrary, he tried to hide his assets
and was frequently caught out on his inconsistent affidavits and cross-
examination thereon. A clear pattern emerged – each time discovery was made of
an asset, [the husband] belatedly admitted it and attempted to give some
explanation or excuse as to his non-disclosure. [The husband] also dissipated
his assets such as by mortgaging the matrimonial home or “pledging” his shares
for loans, of which he was unable [to] state with any clarity or adduce any
documentary evidence as to how the monies obtained were spent. Yet for all his
claims of impecuniosity, [the husband] continued to spend large sums of money
on his credit card and was still financially supporting a second family.

86 I also came to the conclusion that [the husband]’s family was assisting him
in these ancillary proceedings. [The husband] was the eldest and legitimate
son of his father, who is obviously a very successful businessman in Indonesia
with a stable of companies. His paternal aunt, [Mdm Tay], also appeared as a
very successful business woman of the same ilk. He also had uncles and
brothers or step brothers who are in these family businesses run by [the
husband]’s father and relatives. He also seemed to have good friends, one of
whom commenced an action against him for an alleged debt, just after these
divorce proceedings began, but filed a Notice of Discontinuance, which [the
husband] failed to disclose in timely fashion, before the full debt was paid.

[emphasis in original]

18 The Judge ordered the husband to discharge all mortgages and encumbrances
at his cost on the title of the Stevens Court property within four months from
the date of the order and to transfer the Stevens Court property to the wife
free from all encumbrances. As regards maintenance, the husband was ordered to
pay the wife a lump sum of S$1,152,000 in two tranches: the first within six
months from the date of the order and the second within 12 months from the
date of the order. The husband was also ordered to pay the wife S$8,000 per
month from the date of the order and that these monthly sums so paid in the
interim were to be deducted from the two instalments stated above.

The insertion of the penal notice before the High Court

19 From the oral grounds dated 28 November 2013, the Judge had specifically
provided for the penal notice to be imposed against the husband. Thereafter,
the husband’s solicitors filed written submissions on 10 January 2014 to
object to the inclusion of the penal notice. This was shortly followed by a
response from the wife’s solicitors to support the Judge’s decision to include
the penal notice.

20 Both parties appeared before the Judge on 5 February 2014 for clarification
of the oral judgment. The Judgment had not been released at that point in
time. In the course of the hearing, submissions were made by both parties on
the issue of whether the penal notice should be inserted in the order of
court. After hearing the parties’ arguments, the Judge made the following
orders:

I order that penal notice remains. Draft Order/Judgment will be amended only
for the charging order re CPF funds.

21 The husband remained undeterred and in a subsequent hearing before the
Judge on 25 March 2014, it was once again argued that a penal notice could not
be inserted vis-à-vis an order for the payment of money. It was also submitted
that a penal notice may be inserted in orders pertaining to maintenance, but
not for orders involving the division of matrimonial assets. Notwithstanding
the husband’s arguments, the Judge held that the previous orders were to
stand.

22 As mentioned above, the Judgment was only released on 29 April 2014. At
[105(h)] of the Judgment, the Judge explicitly made the following order:

if [the husband] disobeys these orders made herein, he will be liable to
process of execution, for the purposes of compelling him to obey the same.

Therefore, in the amended order of court filed on 29 May 2014, the penal
notice was specifically inserted against the husband.

The appeal

23 The husband appealed against the whole of the Judge’s decision while the
wife appealed against part of the decision. Both parties came before us for
the substantive appeal on 13 October 2014.

24 After hearing the arguments by both parties, we delivered our ex tempore
oral judgment, in which we made a number of adjustments to the Judge’s
decision on the division of matrimonial assets:

(a) The Indonesian property should have been added to the pool of matrimonial
assets. In the absence of any evidence to the contrary, it should have been
included at the value of S$3.2m based on the unchallenged forensic
investigator’s report adduced by the wife.

(b) In relation to the shares in Sindoko Pte Ltd, the husband should be taken
as owning 75% of these shares, and not only 25% as found by the Judge. On the
basis of the full value of the company being S$2.65m, a 75% interest in that
company will translate to a value of $1.9875m, which was to be added to the
pool of matrimonial assets.

(c) The Judge had taken the value of the known matrimonial assets as being
approximately S$10m and then applied an uplift of about 26% or 27% to arrive
at an aggregate valuation of S$13m for the total asset pool. We agreed with
the Judge that an adverse inference should be drawn against the husband on
account of the wholly unsatisfactory manner in which his assets were
disclosed. An uplift of 40% should instead be applied to the value of the
known matrimonial assets, ie, S$14,385,364.63, to arrive at a total gross
value of S$20,139,510.48.

(d) The Judge awarded the wife a share of 35% and we were satisfied that this
was correct in the circumstances of the case. However, we took the view that
the percentage was to apply to the husband’s share of the matrimonial assets.
In other words, the wife was to retain all of the assets in her own name,
which were valued at approximately S$431,359.92. Over and above that, she was
entitled to 35% of S$20,139,510.48 (ie, the gross value of the husband’s
assets after the application of the uplift), which worked out to
S$7,048,828.67. Therefore, including the assets that are already in her name,
she would be left with approximately S$7,480,188.59.

25 On the issue of maintenance, we were of the view that the Judge was correct
in his findings, both as to the monthly allowance and the duration. In the
circumstances, we affirmed the Judge’s order on maintenance in full (including
the lump sum payments that were to be made).

26 The issue as regards the penal notice was not brought up specifically
during the course of the hearing although the husband had raised the issue in
the appellant’s case. To that end, we did not make any observations as regards
the penal notice since both parties appeared to accept that the insertion of
the penal notice by the High Court was not disturbed on appeal.

The insertion of the penal notice before the Court of Appeal

27 After the conclusion of the substantive appeal, both parties could not
agree on the extraction of the order of court due to a number of outstanding
issues. One of the issues turned out to be the insertion of the penal notice.
The wife took the view that the penal notice should also be inserted in the
order of the Court of Appeal, given that it had been included in the amended
order of the High Court dated 29 May 2014 (see [22] above). The husband
objected to the wife’s request on the basis that the Court of Appeal did not
explicitly address the insertion of the penal notice.

28 This culminated in the wife taking out Summons No 201 of 2015 (“SUM
201/2015”) for the following orders:

(a) that a penal notice be inserted in the judgment of the Court of Appeal
dated 13 October 2014 (ie, the substantive appeal); and

(b) that the timeframe within which the husband has to pay the wife the sum of
S$7,048,828.67 be specified as “4 months from the date of the CA Judgment”.

29 The parties appeared before us on 11 March 2015. At that point in time, the
husband was still represented by Tan See Swan & Co (“TSS & Co”). After hearing
the parties’ arguments, we allowed the wife’s application in SUM 201/2015. We
also clarified that our earlier order that the wife was entitled to 35% of the
husband’s pool of matrimonial assets was not for 35% of an in specie recovery,
but 35% of the husband’s assets which had a gross value of S$20,139,510.48. We
therefore ordered the husband to pay the sum of S$7,048,828.67 and the balance
of the lump sum maintenance order, which stood at S$1,136,800, within one
month. The order of the Court of Appeal was to be extracted with the penal
notice in the terms set out in the wife’s application, the reasons for which
are explained below (see [39]–[54]).

The application for leave to commence committal proceedings

30 After the hearing on 11 March 2015, the order of court (“the 11 March
Order”) reflecting the penal notice and the one-month time period for
compliance was extracted by the wife’s solicitors. The wife’s solicitors then
proceeded to electronically serve the orders of court on TSS & Co, the
husband’s solicitors on record, on 27 March 2015 and 31 March 2015. TSS & Co
replied by letter dated 30 March 2015, to inform the wife’s solicitors to
serve the orders of court “directly and personally” on the husband as it had
not received further instructions from the husband following the hearing of 11
March 2015. Thereafter, multiple unsuccessful attempts were made by the wife’s
solicitors to effect personal service of the 11 March Order on the husband.
The husband could not be located at all three locations, ie, his last known
residential address at Spanish Village, the Stevens Court property and the
registered address of a company which the husband was a shareholder of.

31 This development prompted the wife to file Summons No 226 of 2015 (“SUM
226/2015”) on 7 April 2015 for dispensation of service or, in the alternative,
substituted service. This was followed soon after by the husband’s application
on 14 April 2015 by his new counsel, Mr Ragbir Singh s/o Ram Singh Bajwa (“Mr
Bajwa”) of Bajwa & Co, for an extension of time to comply with the 11 March
Order in Summons No 228 of 2015 (“SUM 228/2015”). The very next day, on 15
April 2015, the wife applied for leave to commence committal proceedings
against the husband in Summons No 229 of 2015 (“SUM 229/2015”). A supporting
affidavit by the wife and the statement pursuant to O 52 r 2(2) of the Rules
of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2014 Rev Ed) (“ROC”) were also filed at the same time.

32 The parties appeared before us on 15 May 2015. At the conclusion of the
hearing, we made the following orders:

(a) the husband’s application for an extension of time by way of SUM 228/2015
was dismissed;

(b) the wife’s application for dispensation of service on the husband by way
of SUM 226/2015 was allowed; and

(c) the wife’s application for leave to commence committal proceedings against
the husband by way of SUM 229/2015 was allowed.

33 In addition, we also ordered the husband to be present at the next hearing,
which was to be scheduled in July 2015.

The order of committal

34 On the very same day, upon the court granting leave to the wife to commence
committal proceedings, the wife filed Summons No 240 of 2015 (“SUM 240/2015”),
for the husband to be committed to prison for contempt of court. It was
stated, inter alia, that the husband had failed to pay the sum of
S$7,048,828.67 and the balance lump sum maintenance of S$1,136,800 to the
wife, within the one-month period as stipulated in the 11 March Order.

35 The parties appeared before us again on 22 July 2015 for the hearing of SUM
240/2015. At the conclusion of the hearing, we were satisfied that the nature
of the husband’s contempt was such that a sentence of incarceration for a
substantial period was warranted. The only impediment that stood in the way of
us pronouncing and imposing such a sentence on that day was the husband’s
claim, based on some medical evidence, that he might not be suitable for a
sentence of incarceration. In the circumstances, we considered it prudent to
have the husband present himself to the prison’s medical service for
assessment and for confirmation that the prison’s medical service could cope
with the husband’s medical condition. We directed the Singapore Prison Service
(“SPS”) to arrange for the medical assessment as soon as possible and that we
would reconvene for the pronouncement of the sentence after receiving the
medical report. Apart from that, we also directed the husband to immediately
surrender whichever passports he had to the court, and that he was not to
leave Singapore without the prior leave of the court.

The sentence

36 The husband duly presented himself for the medical review on 30 July 2015.
After reviewing the medical reports and the husband’s current medical
condition, the medical director of Parkway Shenton Pte Ltd confirmed that the
prison’s medical service was able to manage the husband’s medical condition
adequately while in prison. This was confirmed in a letter dated 3 August 2015
by the chief medical officer of the SPS.

37 Both parties then appeared before us on 10 September 2015 for sentencing.
After reviewing the facts and having considered a number of precedents that
were cited by the parties in the course of the hearing, we sentenced the
husband to eight months’ imprisonment. It was also acknowledged that the
husband had been given numerous opportunities to purge his contempt, but in
keeping with the precedents dealing with similar factual matrices, we granted
the husband a final indulgence by suspending the sentence for a period of four
weeks to enable him to take steps to effect compliance with the order. We also
ordered the husband’s passport to continue to be held by the court in the
meantime.

Analysis

38 Having set out the relevant facts throughout the entire course of the
committal proceedings, we now give the reasons for our decision at each stage
of the proceedings. We will explain our decision with reference to the
applicable legal principles at each stage of the committal proceedings. It is
hoped that this will provide some useful guidance to our courts in dealing
with cases of contempt involving disobedience of court orders. For ease of
reference, we will segment the proceedings in the following manner:

(a) the insertion of the penal notice and specification of timeframe for
compliance;

(b) the application for leave to commence committal proceedings;

(c) the conviction; and

(d) the sentencing.

We will address the parties’ submissions as and where appropriate in the
course of our analysis below.

Insertion of the penal notice and timeframe for compliance

39 The wife relied on three principal arguments in support of the insertion of
the penal notice. First, she highlighted that the penal notice had been
inserted in the order granted by the High Court. This was after the Judge had
heard substantive arguments on the specific issue of whether it was
appropriate to include the penal notice. Given that the Judge’s decision to
include the penal notice was not disturbed on appeal, the wife submitted that
the penal notice should likewise be included in the order of the Court of
Appeal. Secondly, the wife argued that she needed to avail herself of all
possible avenues of enforcing the judgment of the court, given the husband’s
history of displaying utter lack of respect and regard for the various orders
of court. Thirdly, the wife contended that the husband’s conduct in breaching
the various court orders had caused her “severe financial hardship”. She
highlighted that the husband had breached the Judge’s order in refusing to
redeem the mortgage and that this had resulted in the repossession of the
Stevens Court property, thereby causing her to be evicted. Consequently, she
had to expend her already limited financial resources to find alternative
accommodation for herself.

40 The husband maintained the position that it was not appropriate to insert
the penal notice in the Court of Appeal’s judgment, given that it only
entailed the payment of a specific monetary sum, as opposed to other positive
acts that had to be performed by him. The husband argued that the inclusion of
the penal notice by the Judge had to be considered in the context of the order
which required the husband to discharge the mortgage and all encumbrances on
the Stevens Court property within four months of the order. This stood in
contrast with the judgment of the Court of Appeal, where the husband was
merely ordered to pay the wife a monetary sum of S$7,048,828.67 (in relation
to the division of matrimonial assets). Apart from that, the husband also
argued that he was incapable of making any payment due to his impecuniosity.
He stressed that his inability to pay could not be regarded as a form of
disobedience or blatant disregard of the court order, given that the law
provides for other modes of enforcement, such as the commencement of
bankruptcy proceedings. Finally, the husband also adduced evidence to
demonstrate his poor health and unsuitability for imprisonment. He asserted
that an order of committal would be an obviously impracticable and an
unnecessarily harsh remedy in light of his poor health and financial status.

41 At the outset, we note that the initial order granted at the substantive
appeal only required the husband to pay the wife the sum of S$7,048,828.67,
being her share of the matrimonial assets, and the balance lump sum
maintenance of S$1,136,800, with no specified timeframe within which the
payments had to be effected. The significance of imposing a timeframe for
payment of a judgment debt will be elaborated upon below but in short, it is
to ensure that the judgment debtor knows exactly how and when he is obliged to
comply with an order of court for the purposes of committal proceedings. In
this regard, O 45 r 1 of the ROC stipulates that a judgment or order for the
payment of money, not being a judgment or order for the payment of money into
court, may be enforced by one or more of the following means:

(a) writ of seizure and sale;

(b) garnishee proceedings;

(c) the appointment of a receiver;

(d) in a case in which Rule 5 applies, an order of committal.

[emphasis added]

O 45 r 5(1)(a) provides that where a person required by a judgment or order to
do an act “within a time specified in the judgment or order refuses or
neglects to do it within that time”, then, subject to the ROC, the judgment or
order may be enforced by one or more of the following means:

(i) with the leave of the Court, an order of committal;

…

(iii) subject to the provisions of the Debtors Act (Cap. 73), an order of
committal against that person or, where that person is a body corporate,
against any such officer.

[emphasis added]

Therefore, in a case where a judgment or order for the payment of money does
not specify the timeframe within which the debtor has to comply (which is
typically the case in most monetary judgments), enforcement by way of
committal will not be available. It also bears noting that a judgment or order
to pay money to another party typically does not require a specific time
within which payment has to be effected, as opposed to a judgment or order for
a positive act (ie, apart from the payment of money) to be done. Therefore, a
judgment or order to pay money will, in most instances, be left open-ended as
to the time for compliance.

42 The critical importance of the requirement set out in O 45 r 5(1)(a) of the
ROC was highlighted in the decision of this court in QU v QV [2008] 2 SLR(R)
702. In that case, the ancillary order of court had granted the respondent
sole custody, care and control of the child of the marriage. The appellant was
ordered to surrender the child’s passport and birth certificate to the
respondent. The appellant failed to comply with the order and committal
proceedings were commenced by the respondent against the appellant. The
District Court found the appellant in contempt and imposed a fine of S$1,000.
This was upheld by the High Court on appeal (see QU v QV [2007] 4 SLR(R) 588).
When the matter came before the Court of Appeal, Chan Sek Keong CJ, in
delivering the grounds of decision of the court, held (at [19]):

There appears to be no local judicial decision on the question whether a party
can be punished for contempt of court for disobeying a court order directing
him to do a positive act (such as the acts to be done by the appellant under
the Ancillary Order in the present appeal) where that court order does not
specify a time for doing the act in question. However, in our view, the answer
seems obvious as a matter of law and justice in the context of the power to
punish a person for contempt of court by imprisonment or imposition of a
penalty. It is contrary to all notions of justice that a person could or
should be punished for omitting to do an act stipulated in a court order when
he does not know or is not certain when such omission constitutes a breach of
the court order. In the present case, it is true that the appellant had plenty
of time to deliver the child’s birth certificate to the respondent, but, in
our view, the meaning of O 45 r 5(1)(a) should not be determined on the facts
of a specific case. That rule is explicit in its prescription that a court
order requiring a person to do an act must specify a time frame for doing that
act before the party subject to the court order can be committed for breaching
it. [emphasis in original]

A distinction was also drawn between an order requiring a person to abstain
from doing an act and an order requiring a person to do an act within a
specified time. In the former scenario, time is not critical in so far as the
failure to abstain from doing the act at any time constitutes a breach of the
order. This stands in contrast to the latter scenario, where the party has to
be told “by when he must do the act” (at [21]).

43 Returning to the facts of the present case, given that the issue concerning
the insertion of the penal notice was not specifically dealt with in the
course of the substantive appeal, coupled with the fact that the order only
required the husband to pay the specified sums of money without specifying any
timeframe within which the payment had to be effected, the wife’s application
in SUM 201/2015 was a necessary precursor to any commencement of committal
proceedings against the husband.

44 There exists a mechanism for the court to subsequently make an order
requiring an act stipulated in an earlier order of court to be performed
within a specific timeframe under O 45 r 6(2) of the ROC:

(2) Where, notwithstanding Order 42, Rule 6(1), or by reason of Order 42, Rule
6(2), a judgment or order requiring a person to do an act does not specify a
time within which the act is to be done, the Court shall have power
subsequently to make an order requiring the act to be done within such time
after service of that order, or such other time, as may be specified therein.
[emphasis added]

45 However, we should make it clear that not every default of an order for the
payment of a monetary sum would justify the imposition of a time frame for
payment as a precursor to the commencement of committal proceedings. In MP-
Bilt Pte Ltd v Oey Widarto [1999] 1 SLR(R) 908 (“MP-Bilt”), G P Selvam J made
the following observations on the insertion of a time limit within which a
monetary sum is to be paid (at [49]):

The new common form of judgment was introduced in Singapore in 1970 and is
still in use. When a plaintiff obtains a judgment for money he can avail
himself the same execution process irrespective of whether the cause of action
is founded on common law or equity. However, there is one important point to
note. It arises from the double dimension of the relief of specific
performance: one relating to procedural law and the other substantive law. The
change in procedure did not change the substantive law. In either case if the
judgment creditor desires to avail himself of committal proceedings he must
ask for insertion in the judgment or order a time limit within which the money
is to be paid. In which case material must be placed before the court to
enable it to exercise its discretion. It will not be given as a matter of
course. Without the insertion of the time limit there can be no committal
proceedings. Without it, it is not an order for specific performance in its
true sense and form. All that is procedural law. That does not alter the
substantive law governing debt, damages and specific performance. [emphasis
added]

46 In our judgment, there must be sufficient material before us to warrant the
exercise of our discretion under O 45 r 6(2). We should emphasise that the
exercise of the court’s discretion under O 45 r 6(2) will necessarily turn on
the precise facts of each case. The type and nature of material to support
such applications is likely to differ, depending on the subject matter of the
substantive case. In most cases, evidence demonstrating some form of
contumelious conduct, as in the present case, will likely suffice. In
contrast, a one-off failure to comply with an order for the payment of money
is unlikely to be a sufficient basis for the court to exercise its discretion.

47 In the exercise of discretion under O 45 r 6(2), the court will also have
to take into account, amongst other factors, any potential prejudice which may
be occasioned to the person having to comply with the order of court. For
instance, in cases where administrative or logistical difficulties are likely
to arise in the course of effecting compliance with the judgment or order, the
court will have to adopt a practical approach in balancing the interests of
both parties. Meanwhile, in the event that the person has not manifested any
intention to comply with the judgment or order, the court should be slow to
accede to any request for an extended timeframe for compliance as that may
have the unintended effect of further delaying or frustrating the applicant’s
attempt to enforce the judgment or order. As with any typical application for
an extension of time, the exercise of the court’s discretion will mainly turn
on the precise facts of each case.

48 The husband’s primary argument to oppose the wife’s application was
premised on the distinction between the nature of the orders made by the High
Court and the Court of Appeal. The husband claimed that the usage of committal
proceedings as a mode of enforcement should be confined to a judgment or order
for the doing of a positive act, apart from the payment of money. He argued
that the inclusion of the penal notice by the High Court must be seen in the
context of the order which required him to discharge the mortgage and all
encumbrances on the Stevens Court property within four months of the order. We
rejected the husband’s arguments. It is clearly stated under O 45 r 1(1) of
the ROC that a judgment or order for the payment of money may be enforced by
way of an order for committal, in a case in which Rule 5 (ie, O 45 r 5 of the
ROC) applies. As we have explained above, O 45 r 5 merely sets out the
requirement for the order to include the time within which the person has to
do an act in order for committal proceedings to be available.

49 Therefore, a distinction must be drawn between a judgment or order for the
payment of money within a specified time, for which O 45 r 5 is applicable,
and a judgment or order for the payment of money simpliciter without a
specified timeframe, for which O 45 r 5 is not available. An order of
committal is only available as a mode of enforcement in the former situation.
Therefore, the husband’s contention that a penal notice should never be
inserted in relation to a judgment or order for the payment of money fails to
recognise the above distinction.

50 Further, the husband also sought to rely on his poor health and alleged
unsuitability for imprisonment as a basis to resist the insertion of the penal
notice. This was, in our view, wholly unmeritorious as the husband was not
seeking to argue that he was unable to perform his obligations pursuant to the
judgment on account of his alleged ill-health, but that he was not a suitable
candidate for imprisonment. While the husband’s poor health and alleged
unsuitability for imprisonment may be a relevant consideration in determining
the appropriate sentence to be imposed, as will be discussed further below, it
has no bearing on the issue of whether the husband should be held liable for
contempt of court. It is settled law that apart from the imposition of a
custodial sentence, the court may also impose a fine as punishment even in
cases of contempt by disobedience (see eg, Summit Holdings Ltd and another v
Business Software Alliance [1999] 2 SLR(R) 592 (“Summit Holdings”) at [53] and
Heatons Transport (St Helens) Ltd v Transport and General Workers’ Union
[1973] AC 15). In fact, a fine is often regarded as an appropriate remedy in
cases where the disobedience is of a less serious nature, or where the
contempt is technical in nature and did not cause substantial prejudice to
either the opposing party or the due administration of justice. Therefore, we
were of the view that the court should only take into account factors such as
the contemnor’s health and suitability for imprisonment at the sentencing
stage, and that it would be premature for the court to disallow the wife’s
application for the insertion of the penal notice on account of the husband’s
poor health and alleged unsuitability for imprisonment.

51 Finally, the husband also sought to rely on his purported impecuniosity as
a ground to resist the wife’s application. It was argued that his failure to
comply with the court’s earlier orders was due to his inability to pay, as
opposed to any refusal to pay or neglect on his part. This was also, in our
view, wholly devoid of any merit since the husband had failed to produce any
supporting evidence to establish that he was not in a position to satisfy the
previous court orders. More pertinently, it will be recalled that we had, in
the course of the substantive appeal, already made the finding that the
husband had assets amounting to S$20,139,510.48. In the circumstances, the
husband’s contention that he did not have the means to comply with our earlier
orders was no more than an attempt to relitigate the issues already decided in
the substantive appeal. In any event, the husband did not seek to argue that
he was unable to discharge his obligations under the judgment as a result of
any material change in circumstances after the conclusion of the substantive
appeal. As such, the husband’s attempts to portray himself as an impecunious
debtor were diametrically opposed to our earlier findings.

52 In arriving at our decision to grant the wife’s application in SUM
201/2015, we were satisfied that there was sufficient material before us to
warrant the exercise of our discretion under O 45 r 6(2). We took into account
the fact that the husband had already, at that point in time, breached various
other court orders. These include the additional mortgage that the husband had
obtained in breach of the injunction, the failure to comply with the Judge’s
order to discharge all mortgages and encumbrances on the Stevens Court
property, and his selective attempts at complying with the maintenance
payments ordered by the court. In fact, when the parties appeared before us on
11 March 2015, we were informed that the Stevens Court property had been
repossessed by the mortgagee bank and that the wife had been evicted from the
property. As regards the maintenance payments, the evidence before us
demonstrated that the husband had been extremely uncooperative in complying
with the Judge’s orders. As a result, the wife had to commence MSS 1607/2014
to compel the husband to pay the maintenance arrears. Although the husband
initially complied with the enforcement order pursuant to MSS 1607/2014, he
ceased making further payment after the delivery of our ex tempore judgment
for the substantive appeal. Thereafter, the wife filed a further enforcement
application in MSS 5389/2014 to compel the husband to effect the maintenance
payments in accordance with the Judge’s order. The wife’s counsel also
highlighted the fact that the husband had filed an application to: (a) stay
the wife’s enforcement proceedings in MSS 5389/2014; and (b) vary the lump sum
maintenance order in the Judgment. This was in spite of the fact that we had
already affirmed the Judge’s order on the issue of maintenance in the
substantive appeal. In the absence of any evidence to suggest any material
change in circumstances after the substantive appeal, the husband’s attempt to
vary the lump sum maintenance order was no more than a disingenuous attempt to
frustrate the wife’s enforcement proceedings by way of relitigating the issues
already decided in the substantive appeal. In the circumstances, after
considering the evidence before us and the arguments put forth by both
parties, we allowed the wife’s application to: (a) insert the penal notice in
the order of court against the husband; and (b) specify a timeframe within
which the husband had to comply with his payment obligations under the order
of court.

53 As regards the appropriate timeframe to be specified in the order of court,
the wife took the position that the time period for compliance ought to be “4
months from the date of the CA Judgment [ie, the date of the substantive
appeal]”. Given that we had delivered our judgment on the substantive appeal
on 13 October 2014, the four-month time period requested by the wife would
have expired in February 2015, which had already lapsed by the time the
parties appeared before us on 11 March 2015. In our view, this was prejudicial
to the husband since he would by then already be in contempt of court.

54 In the circumstances, we ordered the husband to pay the sum of
S$7,048,828.67 being the wife’s share of the matrimonial assets and the lump
sum maintenance of S$1,136,800 within one month of the date of the hearing
(ie, 11 March 2015). We also gave directions for the order in relation to the
substantive appeal to be extracted with the penal notice in the terms set out
in the wife’s application. The husband was therefore given the opportunity to
comply with our earlier order, after having been apprised of the potential
consequences of non-compliance by way of the penal notice.

Application for leave to commence committal proceedings

55 Before addressing the facts that are relevant to the wife’s application for
leave to commence committal proceedings, we first make a number of preliminary
observations on the applicable legal principles governing such applications.

56 There are two stages to the committal of a non-complying party. The first
stage involves the leave application to commence committal proceedings against
the respondent (see O 52 r 2 of the ROC). Once leave has been granted, the
second stage involves the actual application for an order of committal against
the respondent. This application has to be made within 14 days of the grant of
leave (see O 52 r 3(3) of the ROC).

57 The threshold for the grant of leave at the first stage of the committal
proceedings is that of a prima facie case of contempt. In BMP v BMQ and
another appeal [2014] 1 SLR 1140 (“BMP v BMQ”), the respondent husband had
appealed against the lower court’s order granting leave to the applicant wife
to apply for committal on the basis of his alleged non-compliance with a
Mareva injunction. In allowing the appeal, the High Court espoused a number of
useful observations on the applicable threshold for the grant of leave under O
52 r 2 of the ROC. In brief, the requirement for leave prior to any
commencement of committal proceedings essentially serves as a procedural
safeguard. It is one of the procedural rules put in place to ensure that the
liberty of the alleged contemnor is not, in any way, compromised due to the
summary and quasi-criminal nature of the court’s jurisdiction in civil
contempt. To this end, the applicant is required to provide full and frank
disclosure of the background facts to the application. The proper procedure
must also be strictly complied with before the court will grant leave to
commence committal proceedings.

58 In the course of hearing the leave application, the court must be mindful
not to venture into or purport to decide the substantive merits of the
committal application, which is properly the subject matter for adjudication
at the second stage (ie, the actual application for the order of committal).
From a perspective of fairness, it is only at the second stage that the
respondent, having been given adequate particulars of the charges against him,
will have ample opportunity to deny the allegations and provide an explanation
for his non-compliance at the committal hearing. From a practical perspective,
this principle works both ways. If the respondent’s position directly
addresses the substantive issues arising out of the alleged contempt, such as
where he admits non-compliance but relies on the argument that the non-
compliance does not, in any event, amount to a contempt of court, he should
only put forth his case at the second stage of the proceedings, as opposed to
raising it prematurely at the leave stage (see Ang Boon Chye and another v Ang
Tin Yong [2011] SGHC 124 (“Ang Boon Chye”) at [13]).

59 To that end, a respondent’s objection to a leave application will succeed
if it can be shown that there are exceptional circumstances directly impinging
on the applicant’s entitlement to apply for leave to commence committal
proceedings. In Ang Boon Chye, Kan Ting Chiu J provided (at [12]) a number of
examples which a respondent may rely on to resist an application for leave to
commence committal proceedings:

(a) the Order of Court had been complied with;

(b) the plaintiffs waived their rights to the accounts;

(c) the plaintiffs had undertaken not to take out committal proceedings.

The common thread that runs through these three grounds is that they directly
impinge on the applicant’s right to apply for an order of committal without
delving into the substantive merits of whether the respondent ought to be
committed. For the avoidance of doubt, the examples provided by Kan J in Ang
Boon Chye are not intended to be exhaustive.

60 Under O 52 r 2(2) of the ROC, an application for leave to commence
committal proceedings must be supported by a statement setting out:

(a) the name and description of the applicant;

(b) the name, description and address of the respondent sought to be
committed; and

(c) the grounds on which his committal is sought.

A supporting affidavit will also have to be filed by the applicant, verifying
the facts relied on in the statement. In this respect, a court hearing the
application for leave will have to review the originating summons (or summons,
as the case may be), the statement and the supporting affidavit to ensure that
a prima facie case of contempt has been established. If any of the
aforementioned documents do not satisfy the requirements set out in O 52 r
2(2), the application may be dismissed by the court, even if no such objection
was raised by the respondent to the application.

61 The importance of the O 52 r 2(2) statement cannot be understated. It is a
fundamental rule of justice that a person being called upon to answer a charge
must first know the precise case that he has to meet and should be accorded
ample opportunity to refute the allegations. To this end, the O 52 r 2(2)
statement serves a crucial role in enabling the respondent to know the case
that has been put forth against him. It also functions as the boundaries of
the applicant’s case, such as to prevent the applicant from relying on grounds
that have been omitted from the statement. This safeguards the interests of
the respondent, whose liberty is at stake. This was reiterated by Yong Pung
How CJ in the High Court decision of Summit Holdings (at [14]–[15]):

14 Order 52 r 5(3) makes it clear that, unless the court hearing the
application gives leave, the applicant at the hearing of the application for
an order of committal can only rely on the grounds set out in the statement
accompanying the ex parte application for leave to apply for a committal
order.

15 This was not an appropriate case for granting leave for the applicants to
rely on those grounds not in the statement for the following reasons. First,
the rules concerning an application for committal would normally have to be
strictly construed and complied with. The manner in which O 52 is drafted
envisage that all the evidence adduced is confined strictly to the grounds
that are relied upon by the applicants moving for contempt. This is without
prejudice to the court’s power to order an amendment under O 20 r 8 which
allows correcting defects and errors in the proceedings, which is not
applicable here.

[emphasis added]

The learned Chief Justice further observed (at [17]) that the rationale behind
the O 52 r 2(2) statement was similar to that of a criminal charge, which is
required to be sufficiently particularised such that the accused knows the
case he has to meet and has the opportunity to refute the allegations that
have been put forth against him. It was emphasised (at [18]) that:

Here the respondent would be seriously prejudiced if it did not know the
precise case which it would have to meet, especially in relation to what
orders or undertakings it had breached, or acts done which allegedly amounted
to an interference with the administration of justice. …

62 As a starting point, the test is whether the O 52 r 2(2) statement is of
sufficient particularity such that it gives the respondent adequate
information to enable him to meet the charges against him: BMP v BMQ at [25];
see also Harmsworth v Harmsworth [1987] 1 WLR 1676 at 1683. The test is to be
applied with reference to and from the perspective of a reasonable person in
the position of the alleged contemnor reading the O 52 r 2(2) statement in a
fair and sensible manner. In other words, if it is possible for a reasonable
person, having regard to the background against which the committal
proceedings have been commenced, to be in doubt as to what is, in substance,
the breach as alleged by the applicant, such an O 52 r 2(2) statement would be
regarded as defective or otherwise faulty (see Chiltern District Council v
Keane [1985] 1 WLR 619 at 622). Owing to the need for strict procedural
compliance in cases where the liberty of the respondent is involved, in such
circumstances, the court will invariably dismiss the leave application.

63 If an application for leave should be dismissed on account of insufficient
particulars in the O 52 r 2(2) statement, the court has jurisdiction to
entertain a fresh application founded on the same allegations of contempt, so
long as the procedural rules are satisfied and the O 52 r 2(2) statement is in
the proper form (see Harmsworth v Harmsworth at 1687 per Woolf LJ and Jelson
(Estates) Ltd v Harvey [1983] 1 WLR 1401).

64 An issue that may arise is the extent to which an applicant may, in the
process of drafting an O 52 r 2(2) statement, refer to the contents of a
separate document. It is appropriate to refer to Nicholls LJ’s judgment in
Harmsworth v Harmsworth. In that case, the husband appealed against a
committal order on the basis that the notice, the equivalent of our O 52 r
2(2) statement, did not contain sufficient particulars and that the judge’s
findings went beyond the scope of the notice. The English Court of Appeal
allowed the appeal in part in so far as the judge at first instance took into
account matters that went beyond the scope of the notice. Nicholls LJ made the
following salient observations (at 1683):

… In satisfying this test it is clear that in a suitable case if lengthy
particulars are needed, they may be included in a schedule or other addendum
either at the foot of the notice or attached to the notice so as to form part
of the notice rather than being set out in the body of the notice itself. But
a reference in the notice to a wholly separate document for particulars that
ought to be in the notice seems to me to be a quite different matter. I do not
see how such a reference can cure what otherwise would be a deficiency in the
notice. As I read the Rules and as I understand the decision in Chiltern
District Council v. Keane, the Rules require that the notice itself must
contain certain basic information. That information is required to be
available to the respondent to the application from within the four comers of
the notice itself. From the notice itself the person alleged to be in contempt
should know with sufficient particularity what are the breaches alleged. A
fortiori, in my view, where the document referred to is an affidavit, which
does not set out particulars in an itemised form, but which leaves the
respondent to the committal application to extract and cull for himself from
an historical narrative in the affidavit relevant dates and times and so
forth, and to work out for himself the precise number of breaches being
alleged and the occasions on which they took place. [emphasis added]

65 From the above excerpt, it is clear that references may be made to the
contents of documents other than the O 52 r 2(2) statement provided they “form
part of the notice”. In this regard, the nature of the document referred to
and the manner in which the document is referred to are relevant
considerations in the court’s determination of whether such references should
be allowed. For starters, if an additional document, such as a schedule or an
addendum, is “attached to the notice so as to form part of the notice”
(Harmsworth v Harmsworth at 1683), such a reference would generally be allowed
in so far as it enables a more efficient presentation and comprehension of the
particulars of the alleged contempt.

66 In contrast, references to other documents such as the affidavit filed in
support of the leave application which do not form part of the notice would
not be permitted (see also Syarikat M Mohamed v Mahindapal Singh & Ors [1991]
2 MLJ 112 at 115 and Tan Sri Dato’ (Dr) Rozali Ismail & Ors v Lim Pang Cheong
@ George Lim & Ors [2012] 3 MLJ 458 (“Lim Pang Cheong”) at [37]). In any
event, the purpose of the accompanying affidavit is for the applicant to
verify the truth of the contents of the statement, and is not meant to
supplement the O 52 r 2(2) statement. It is also the case that defects in the
O 52 r 2(2) statement cannot be cured by way of submissions from counsel,
either orally or in writing: BMP v BMQ at [24]. The rationale for this
distinction, given the quasi-criminal nature of committal proceedings, is to
ensure the information relied on by the applicant is “available to the
respondent to the application from within the four comers of the notice
itself”.

67 Ancillary to the test of sufficient particularity is the consideration of
whether the court may exercise its discretion to treat a case of an
insufficiently particularised statement as an irregularity which may be
waived. In this regard, O 2 r 1(1) of the ROC provides:

Non-compliance with Rules (O. 2, r. 1)

1.—(1) Where, in beginning or purporting to begin any proceedings or at any
stage in the course of or in connection with any proceedings, there has, by
reason of anything done or left undone, been a failure to comply with the
requirements of these Rules, whether in respect of time, place, manner, form
or content or in any other respect, the failure shall be treated as an
irregularity and shall not nullify the proceedings, any step taken in the
proceedings, or any document, judgment or order therein.

68 In BMP v BMQ, Lionel Yee JC held (at [26]) that the court may only exercise
its discretion to waive irregularities in committal applications in
exceptional circumstances in the absence of the alleged contemnor’s consent.
We agree. A distinction is to be drawn between committal proceedings and other
applications given that the liberty of the alleged contemnor is at stake in
the former case. Consistent with the position on references that may be made
to additional sources of information, a higher standard must therefore be
observed as regards an applicant’s compliance with the procedural rules and
safeguards in the law of committal. We find it useful to refer to Nicholls
LJ’s observations in Harmsworth v Harmsworth (at 1684) on the distinction
between regular civil proceedings and committal proceedings:

… But there is this difference between a committal application and other
applications. Such is the importance which the law attaches to the liberty of
the subject that normally the procedural rules must be strictly complied with
in the case of a committal application, and it would only be in an exceptional
case that in the absence of the consent of the respondent it would be just to
waive an irregularity in a committal application. Hence it would be only be in
an exceptional case that, in the absence of such consent, the court would
exercise its discretion and waive such an irregularity.

In this regard, provisions allowing the court to waive any irregularity or
non-compliance in procedure, such as O 2 r 1(1) of the ROC, should be
interpreted in the proper context and not be extended indiscriminately to
committal proceedings.

69 The court in BMP v BMQ further observed (at [26]) that a distinction should
be drawn between failure to observe procedural safeguards and mere technical
irregularities. In contrast to the former, the court may waive irregularities
but only if they are purely technical in nature: see also Arthur Lee Meng
Kwang v Faber Merlin Malaysia Bhd & Ors [1986] 2 MLJ 193 and Lim Pang Cheong
at [29]. We add the further caveat that the distinction is not premised on the
harm or prejudice suffered by the alleged contemnor. Save for exceptional
circumstances, it is therefore irrelevant whether harm has been occasioned to
the alleged contemnor as a result of the applicant’s failure to comply with
the procedural rules. For instance, an applicant should not be allowed to file
a further affidavit to supplement a defective O 52 r 2(2) statement on the
basis that no prejudice is occasioned to the respondent. As we have emphasised
above, the test of sufficient particularity of an O 52 r 2(2) statement is a
procedural safeguard which has to be strictly complied with. The fact that the
respondent may have been apprised of the grounds by way of other means is not
a sufficient basis for the court to exercise its discretion to waive the
procedural impropriety. While the distinction between the failure to observe
procedural safeguards and mere technical irregularities may not be apparent at
times, the court will have to adopt a sound and pragmatic approach which
balances the rights of both the applicant and the respondent. On one hand, the
recognition that the liberty of the respondent is at stake, as in the case of
criminal proceedings, usually entails strict compliance with procedure. On the
other hand, the court should also be mindful of allowing unmeritorious
respondents to escape liability on account of overly technical objections. As
was observed by Woolf LJ in Harmsworth v Harmsworth, while the court should
recognise that the liberty of the respondent is at stake in committal
proceedings, it should not allow that fact to produce a result which makes a
mockery of justice (at 1686). Having set out the applicable legal principles
governing such leave applications, we now go on to consider the arguments
relied upon by both parties.

70 At the hearing of the wife’s application for leave to commence committal
proceedings, the husband was represented by Mr Bajwa. In the course of the
hearing, Mr Bajwa did not dispute the fact that the husband had failed to
comply with the 11 March Order. Instead, he sought to rely on the same
objections raised by the previous solicitors (ie, TSS & Co) in the course of
resisting the wife’s application for the insertion of the penal notice, in
that an order for payment of a monetary sum could not be enforced by way of
committal proceedings. That was essentially the only argument that Mr Bajwa
relied on in opposing the wife’s application for leave to commence committal
proceedings against the husband. In the course of doing so, Mr Bajwa relied
extensively on the recent Malaysia High Court decision of Lee Lay Ling v Goh
Kim Nam (Cheah Pei Ching, co-respondent) [2014] 8 MLJ 805 (“Lee Lay Ling”).

71 As we have already discussed at [41]–[49] above, the provisions set out in
O 45 r 1(1)(d) and O 45 r 5(1) of the ROC suggest that a distinction ought to
be drawn between a judgment or order for the payment of money within a
specified time, to which an order of committal is available as a mode of
enforcement, and a judgment or order for the payment of money simpliciter
without a specified timeframe, to which an order of committal will not be
available. Nevertheless, given that Mr Bajwa has relied substantially on Lee
Lay Ling for the proposition that all monetary judgments cannot be enforced by
way of committal proceedings, we will explain why this case is of no
assistance to the husband’s objection.

72 In Lee Lay Ling, the applicant wife had sought to have the respondent
husband committed for failing to make various payments as ordered by the court
in the course of matrimonial proceedings. The question before the court was
whether a mere failure or refusal to comply with an order of court to make
payments (whether by way of lump sum or instalment payments) constitutes an
act of contempt so as to entitle the other party to commence committal
proceedings against the defaulting party. At the outset, the court observed
that a judgment creditor would typically commence execution proceedings
against the judgment debtor for recovery of the amounts that are payable under
the order of court. Therefore, the question was whether, apart from execution
proceedings, the husband may also be committed for failing to discharge his
obligation to make monetary payments pursuant to the order of court. S Nantha
Balan JC considered himself to be in the invidious position of having to
choose between two conflicting Malaysia Court of Appeal decisions, which he
had observed (at [19]), were both binding on him. The first was Hong Leong
Bank Bhd v Phung Tze Thiam [2008] 4 CLJ 742 (“Hong Leong Bank”), which stood
for the proposition that a “money judgment” was “not a judgment requiring the
performance of an act”, and therefore could not be enforced by means of
committal proceedings. The second was Hong Kwi Seong v Ganad Media Sdn Bhd
[2013] 2 MLJ 251 (“Hong Kwi Seong”), where a differently constituted Court of
Appeal expressly disagreed with its earlier decision in Hong Leong Bank. We
will discuss these two Malaysian cases in greater detail below.

73 Returning first to the decision of Lee Lay Ling, Balan JC preferred the
position in Hong Leong Bank. The learned judge therefore arrived at the
conclusion (at [19]) that the disobedience by a judgment debtor in respect of
his obligations under a monetary judgment was not within the purview of the
law of contempt. In arriving at this view, Balan JC also adopted a restrictive
interpretation of O 45 r 5 of the Malaysia Rules of Court 2012 (in pari
materia with O 45 r 5 of the ROC). It was observed that a mere obligation to
pay under a judgment per se was not an obligation which falls within O 45 r 5,
and that it could not amount to the “doing of an act” (at [23]). The learned
judge also provided an example of an order which might possibly fall within
the scope of O 45 r 5 (at [24]):

So, for instance, if there is an additional obligation that has to be done
which is coupled with a payment obligation, then perhaps it may be construed
as the doing of an act, which, if disobeyed, could expose the disobedient
party to committal proceedings. … where [the respondent] is obliged to dispose
of the matrimonial home and divide the proceeds and pay [the applicant] her
share of the proceeds … assuming [the respondent] does sell the matrimonial
home and decides to keep the proceeds all to himself, then his failure to pay
[the applicant] her share of the proceeds will, in my view, fall within O 45 r
5 in the sense that [the respondent] was supposed to do an act within a
particular time frame but failed or refused to do so. … [emphasis added]

74 Before expressing our views on the decision in Lee Lay Ling, it is perhaps
appropriate to first examine the two conflicting Malaysia Court of Appeal
decisions that confronted the learned judge. After all, the decision in Lee
Lay Ling was premised on one of the two conflicting decisions. In Hong Leong
Bank, the respondent employee had brought proceedings against the appellant
bank for constructive dismissal. He succeeded at first instance and the bank
was ordered to pay him backwages. This was, however, subsequently reversed by
the Court of Appeal, who ordered the employee to refund the sum paid to him
within 30 days of the court’s order. The employee, however, refused to comply
and the bank applied for leave to commit the employee for contempt of court.
At the outset, it should be noted that the decision in Hong Leong Bank
probably turned on the holding that the application had been wrongly made to
the Court of Appeal when it should have been heard by the High Court instead
(at [3]). Nevertheless, the court went on to observe that the substance of the
order under consideration was a “money judgment and not a judgment requiring
the performance of an act” (at [5]). On that basis, the order of court could
not be enforced by way of committal proceedings. In arriving at this
conclusion, the Malaysia Court of Appeal relied on two English decisions,
namely, In re Oddy, Major v Harness [1906] 1 Ch 93 (“Re Oddy”) and Iberian
Trust, Limited v Founders Trust and Investment Company, Limited [1932] 2 KB 87
(“Iberian Trust”).

75 The approach adopted in Hong Leong Bank was, however, met with disapproval
in Hong Kwi Seong, where a differently constituted Court of Appeal observed
that it was “unable to agree with the decision of the Court of Appeal in Hong
Leong Bank, that a money judgment directing [the employee] to repay the money
could not be enforced by committal proceedings” (at [14]). It was held that
the specific terms of the judgment or order were of “overriding importance”
(at [15]), as they had to be construed by the court in order to ascertain the
legal effect as to whether the defendant was required to do an act within a
specified timeframe and whether the defendant had refused or neglected to do
so within that timeframe. On the facts of that case, the court held that the
terms of the order clearly directed the appellant to pay the judgment sum in
five instalments on or before the respective dates. This fell within the scope
of O 45 r 5(1)(a)(i) since the appellant was clearly directed to do an act
within a specified timeframe.

76 Having considered the three decisions set out above, we express the
following observations. First, as was highlighted above, it appears that the
decision in Hong Leong Bank was mainly based on two English decisions, namely
Re Oddy and Iberian Trust. We are, however, of the view that both Re Oddy and
Iberian Trust do not stand for the broad proposition that all monetary
judgments cannot be enforced by way of committal proceedings. In Re Oddy, the
order in question was for the plaintiff to recover from the defendant a sum of
money, being the amount of loss occasioned to the trust estate. After the
delivery of the original judgment, the plaintiff applied for the order to be
supplemented by directing the defendant to pay the plaintiff the sum in
question within four days of service of the order. The English Court of Appeal
reversed the lower court’s decision to allow the plaintiff’s application. It
was held that an order for the recovery of money could not be supplemented by
an order fixing a time for the payment of money by the defendant so as to
found a right to issue a writ of attachment against the defendant in default
of payment within the stipulated time. In our view, Re Oddy illustrates the
importance of framing the order of court in an appropriate manner as it will
have a material downstream impact on the modes of enforcement available at the
plaintiff’s disposal. In this regard, we find it useful to refer to the
following observations made by Vaughan Williams LJ in Re Oddy (at 98):

… In the first place I agree with the argument that was put forward by counsel
for the appellant, that to make this four-day order is not to enforce the
original order. In my judgment, it is to add a new order to the original
order. And further, it would not be true to say that the four-day order, so
far as it fixes a time, is an order which in the ordinary course ought to have
been added to the order that the plaintiff do recover. Not only have I never
known such a thing done, but it would very often defeat the very object of
drawing up the order in that form. Plaintiffs are sometimes very anxious to
get an order in that form, because it enables them to get immediate execution.
There is a manifest difference between an order for payment by a trustee and
an order that the plaintiff do recover, in considering the question what may
be done to complete or supplement the order. In this particular case we do not
exactly know what led the plaintiff to take the order in this form, but we
know that he did so. We also know that if the plaintiff had not brought the
order to the registrar in that form, the registrar would never have made it in
that form. I think that this appeal must be allowed with costs. [emphasis
added]

In our view, Re Oddy stands for the proposition that a judgment for the
recovery of a sum of money cannot be supplemented by an order for payment
within a limited time. The plaintiff in Re Oddy had, for reasons only known to
itself, extracted the order in the form where it was to recover the money from
the defendant. In other words, the defendant was not expressly named as an
obligor in the order of court. The onus was therefore placed on the plaintiff
to recover the sum of money from the defendant. That was, in our view, not an
appropriate order for enforcement by way of committal proceedings since the
defendant had not been ordered to do anything. Re Oddy should not be regarded
as having laid down the strict rule that all monetary judgments cannot be
enforced by way of committal proceedings.

77 A similar issue arose in the later decision of Iberian Trust, where the
plaintiff company had obtained an order against the defendant company in the
following terms: “that the plaintiffs do have a return of the said shares
within fourteen days”. The defendant failed to comply with the order and the
plaintiff sought to enforce the order by applying for leave to issue writs of
attachment against two of the defendant’s directors. Luxmoore J rejected the
plaintiff’s application on a number of grounds, one of which was based on the
consideration that an order must in unambiguous terms “direct what is to be
done” [emphasis added] if the court is to punish a party for not carrying out
its order (at 95). On the facts of that case, the learned judge observed that
the order did not direct the defendant to do anything as it merely stated
“that the plaintiffs do have a return of the said shares within fourteen
days”. In rejecting the plaintiff’s application, Luxmoore J also (at 96)
referred to the earlier decision of Re Oddy for the proposition that:

… an order to recover money is not an order on the defendants to do anything,
and therefore that such order could not be enforced either by a supplementary
order for the payment of the money within a fixed time, or by attachment.

78 In our view, the decisions in Re Oddy and Iberian Trust demonstrate the
importance and impact of the manner in which an order of court is framed and
extracted in determining whether the order can be enforced by way of committal
proceedings. As Luxmoore J had observed in Iberian Trust, an order must state
in unambiguous terms what had to be done on the part of the defendant in order
for committal proceedings to lie against the defendant. This is, in our view,
a rule of fairness. A defendant cannot be punished for failing to comply with
an order of court if it is unclear what is expected of the defendant.

79 We also recognise that the decisions in Re Oddy and Iberian Trust are often
cited for the proposition that a distinction has to be drawn between an order
for the payment of money and an order for the recovery of money. This
distinction is also found in O 45 r 13(1) of the ROC:

Enforcement of judgments and orders for recovery of money, etc. (O. 45, r. 13)

13.—(1) Rule 1(1), with the omission of sub-paragraph (d) thereof, and Orders
46 to 51 shall apply in relation to a judgment or order for the recovery of
money as they apply in relation to a judgment or order for the payment of
money.

[emphasis added]

It will be recalled that O 45 r 1(1)(d) states that an judgment or order for
the payment of money may be enforced by way of an order of committal in a case
in which O 45 r 5 applies. Therefore, the omission of O 45 r 1(1)(d) from the
scope of O 45 r 13 effectively means that a judgment or order for the recovery
of money cannot be enforced by way of an order of committal. In our view,
apart from the historical origins of each type of order (see MP-Bilt at
[47]–[50] for a brief historical account), the distinction between an order
for the payment of money and an order for the recovery of money can be
rationalised on the basis of the identity of the obligor. In the case of an
order for the payment of money, the defendant is ordered to pay the plaintiff
a sum of money. In other words, the onus is on the defendant, as the named
obligor, to effect compliance with the order. This stands in contrast to an
order for the recovery of money, where the onus is on the plaintiff to recover
the money from the defendant. An order for the recovery of money does not
explicitly require the defendant to do a specific act. In the circumstances,
the defendant cannot be held liable under the law of contempt in the event
that the plaintiff fails to recover the money from the defendant. This was
essentially the outcome in both Re Oddy and Iberian Trust.

80 Therefore, we respectfully disagree with Hong Leong Bank’s interpretation
of and reliance on the earlier English decisions of Re Oddy and Iberian Trust
as having laid down a strict rule that a monetary judgment is not a judgment
requiring the performance of an act and therefore incapable of enforcement by
way of committal proceedings.

81 Secondly, we agree with the observation in Hong Kwi Seong that in
ascertaining whether an order of court falls within the scope of an order for
the recovery of money or an order for the payment of money, the specific terms
of the order are of primary importance. As we have emphasised above, the
identity of the obligor is crucial in determining whether a judgment or order
may be enforced by way of committal proceedings. An order must unambiguously
direct what is to be done if a party is to be punished for failing to comply
with the order, as was observed by Luxmoore J in Iberian Trust.

82 Thirdly, we are of the view that the holding in Lee Lay Ling that monetary
judgments can only be enforced by way of execution and not committal
proceedings is, with respect, far too broad and cannot be sustained in light
of the foregoing analysis. In any event, its reliance on the earlier decision
of Hong Leong Bank was also doubtful in light of our views that the general
principle laid down in that case was based on a different interpretation of
the English decisions.

83 We therefore rejected Mr Bajwa’s argument and granted the wife’s
application for leave to commence committal proceedings against the husband
after having examined the relevant documents before us, including the summons,
the O 52 statement and the supporting affidavit filed by the wife. As
highlighted above, there was no dispute that the husband had knowledge of the
terms of the 11 March Order, specifically the insertion of the penal notice
and the consequences of non-compliance. The alleged breach on the part of the
husband was also uncontroversial, ie, that he had failed to comply with the 11
March Order directing him to pay the sum of S$7,048,828.67 and the balance
lump sum maintenance amounting to S$1,136,800 to the wife within one month of
the order. This was the contemptuous conduct relied upon by the wife and to
that end, we were of the view that the O 52 statement was adequately
particularised and not lacking or defective in any way. In the circumstances,
we allowed the wife’s application for leave to apply for an order of committal
against the husband.

Conviction

84 Following the grant of the leave application, the wife filed an application
for an order of committal against the husband on the very same day.
Thereafter, the parties appeared before us on 22 July 2015. As above, we will
first make a number of observations as regards the applicable legal principles
to this stage of the committal proceedings before applying those principles to
the facts of the present case.

85 First, it is well-established that the applicable standard of proof to both
criminal and civil contempt is that of the criminal standard of proof beyond
reasonable doubt: Pertamina Energy Trading Ltd v Karaha Bodas Co LLC and
others [2007] 2 SLR(R) 518 (“Pertamina Energy Trading Ltd”) at [31]–[32],
citing In re Bramblevale Ltd [1970] Ch 128 at 137.

86 Secondly, as regards the issue of the requisite mens rea to establish
contempt for disobedience of court orders, it is accepted that it is only
necessary to prove that the relevant conduct of the party alleged to be in
breach of the court order was intentional and that it knew of all the facts
which made such conduct a breach of the order: Pertamina Energy Trading Ltd at
[51]. This necessarily includes knowledge of the existence of the order and
its material terms. It is, however, not necessary to establish that the party
had appreciated that it was breaching the order. Therefore, the motive or
intention of the party who had acted in breach of the order is strictly
irrelevant to the issue of liability though it may have a material bearing in
determining the appropriate penalty to be imposed.

87 Thirdly, the principle that committal proceedings should not be directed
against an impecunious judgment debtor has to be applied carefully as it may
be used as a smokescreen for the purposes of relitigating issues already
determined by the court. For instance, the husband in the present case has,
throughout the entire course of the committal proceedings, consistently
adopted the position that he had no means to comply with the order of court.
However, the husband has failed to adduce any evidence to suggest any material
change in circumstances after the conclusion of the substantive appeal. In
this regard, the husband’s contention was no more than an attempt to challenge
the findings that we had already made in the substantive appeal, ie, that the
husband was, in fact, a man of substantial means. It will be recalled that we
had assessed the value of the husband’s known assets at S$14,385,364.63. We
then applied an uplift of 40% to that value to arrive at a gross value of
S$20,139,510.48. The husband’s argument that he had no means to satisfy the
judgment, which involved, in any event, the payment of a sum of money which
was less than the value of the husband’s known assets, was effectively a
collateral attack on our findings made at the substantive appeal.

88 In this regard, we found it instructive to refer to the Canadian decision
of Ontario (Director, Family Responsibility Office) v Buffan [2013] WDFL 1544
(“Buffan”), where the factual matrix was rather similar to that in the present
case. In Buffan, the husband had, in the course of matrimonial proceedings,
acted in an extremely uncooperative manner and refused to comply with various
orders of court. He failed to make proper disclosure of his financial affairs
and the court had to proceed on the basis of an “imputed income”. Based on the
evidence, Sherr J concluded that the husband’s income was $60,000, almost all
of which was received by him “under the table”. As he was receiving this
income essentially in cash, and paid no taxes on that income, Sherr J “grossed
up” the husband’s income to $86,000. On that basis, a final order was granted,
where the husband was made to pay child support in the amount of $1,094 per
month from 1 June 2003 to 30 April 2006, and $1,232 per month thereafter. The
husband’s arrears of support were fixed at $29,022 as at 31 May 2006. The
husband was also ordered to make a one-time lump sum spousal support payment
in the amount of $25,860.

89 The husband refused to comply with the orders and instead commenced a
change motion, seeking to vary his support obligation. His various efforts to
challenge the earlier orders failed. Costs orders were made against him, but
the orders remained unpaid. A default hearing was eventually held in relation
to the husband’s failure to comply with the multiple court orders. In the
course of the hearing, the husband claimed to be only working part-time and
had medical problems which were impacting his ability to earn an income. He
filed a sworn financial statement asserting that his total income was $926.38
per month. The husband also filed a number of letters from his doctor stating
that he suffered from haematuria, headaches, chronic anxiety and insomnia.
After multiple adjournments, Sherr J eventually fixed the arrears at
$72,844.08 as at 14 March 2011. The learned judge concluded that he would have
been inclined to jail the husband on the spot. However, given that the
applicant was not seeking immediate incarceration, Sherr J instead ordered the
husband to pay $2,500 per month, comprising $1,232 per month for ongoing
support, and the balance towards the arrears. In default of each $2,500
monthly payment, Sherr J ordered that the husband serve 20 days in jail, or
until the default is remedied, with the total time in jail not to exceed 180
days.

90 The husband continued to default on the monthly repayments and a warrant of
committal was eventually brought against the husband. Under the Family
Responsibility and Support Arrears Enforcement Act 1996 (Cap 31) (Ontario), a
person in default of a support order may be imprisoned up to a maximum term of
180 days. At the committal hearing, the husband’s defence for non-payment was
broadly that the court “has continually gotten it wrong”. He maintained that
he never had the kind of income the court had imputed him in the past and that
he could not afford to pay the ordered support. In committing the husband to
prison for a period of 180 days or until the outstanding default was cured,
the court made the following observations on the approach to be adopted in
such cases (at [44]–[46]):

44 Justice James then stated that the debtor must set out in his affidavit
filed in response his reasons for failure to pay, and continued [my emphasis]:

The debtor's reasons for failure to pay must be limited to matters or events
arising after the date of the default order or the date of the hearing of any
subsequent motion for committal, whichever date is the most recent. The court
may be persuaded to admit reasonably unforeseeable consequences of events or
matters predating the default order or the subsequent motion for committal.
What ought not to be allowed is an attempt to submit reasons for non-payment
that were already submitted or that, with due diligence, could have been
submitted before the judge who made the order of committal or who heard any
subsequent motion for committal. The motion for committal is never a default
hearing de novo.

45 This position was essentially approved of, subsequent to the enactment of
the Rules, by Justice A.T. McKay in Bradshaw v. Davidson, [2010] O.J. No. 435
(Ont. C.J.). At paragraph 10 of his decision, Justice McKay stated [my
emphasis]:

In this committal hearing, the court has a limited scope of issues to review.
... There is a history of arrears going back to 1992 .... Essentially [the
debtor] appeared at the committal hearing and argued issues about entitlement
to the support in question. He has not established that there is a material
change in circumstances since he consented to the default order.

46 What these cases reveal is that evidence from the payor that pre-dates the
default hearing, unless it was “reasonably unforeseeable”, is not admissible
at a motion for a warrant of committal. Only evidence arising after the
default hearing, which establishes a material change in circumstances going to
the debtor's ability to pay, will be considered by the court.

[emphasis in original]

91 In our view, this approach has much to commend it, as it prevents alleged
contemnors from continuously seeking to reopen and relitigate findings that
have already been made at an earlier substantive hearing. In the present case,
this was precisely the husband’s recurrent argument. The husband has not
adduced any evidence to suggest that there has been any material change in
circumstances after the conclusion of the substantive appeal as the reason for
his non-compliance. In light of our findings at the substantive appeal, the
husband’s assertions that he had no means to comply with our orders ring
hollow and we rejected them outright.

92 We should make it clear that not every default in the payment of a monetary
sum pursuant to a judgment or order should give rise to committal proceedings.
In P J Holdings Inc v Ariel Singapore Pte Ltd [2009] 3 SLR(R) 582 (“P J
Holdings”), Choo Han Teck J made the following observations on the
availability of committal proceedings vis-à-vis impecunious judgment debtors
(at [7]):

What happens then to an impecunious judgment debtor, as the defendant in the
present case depicts itself as? In my view, under such circumstances,
committal proceedings should still not issue. My reasons are as follows. Order
45 r 5(1)(a) applies only when “a person required by a judgment or order to do
an act within a time specified in the judgment or order refuses or neglects to
do it” [emphasis added]. The key words here are “refuse” and “neglect”. In Re
Quintin Dick [1926] Ch 992, Romer J held that the term “refuse or neglect” was
not equivalent to “fail or omit”, and that the former implied a conscious act
of volition whereas the latter did not. In Ng Tai Tuan v Chng Gim Huat Pte Ltd
[1990] 2 SLR(R) 231, Chao Hick Tin JC (as he then was) expressed the view that
the word “neglect” necessarily implies some element of fault. He cited the
case of In re London and Paris Banking Corporation (1874) LR 19 Eq 444 where
Sir G Jessel MR said, at 446:

… the word ‘neglected’ is not necessarily equivalent to the word ‘omitted’.
Negligence is a term which is well known in law. Negligence in paying a debt
on demand, as I understand, is omitting to pay without reasonable excuse. Mere
omission by itself does not amount to negligence. …

The word “refuse” has also been similarly defined. In DP Vijandran v Majlis
Peguam [1995] 2 MLJ 391, the court noted that “[t]he ordinary meaning of the
word refuse is to decline to give”, and that “failure is not synonymous with
refusal”. Similar sentiments were also expressed by the tribunal in Lowson v
Percy Main & District Social Club & Institute Ltd [1979] ICR 568. I agree with
the foregoing cases. In the premises, this means that an impecunious debtor
would be outside of the scope of O 45 r 5 as such a person cannot be said to
have “refused or neglected” to obey an order directing them to make payment.
The combined effect of the fact that an impecunious debtor is outside the
scope of committal proceedings and the principle that such proceedings are
remedies of the last resort would mean that in the vast majority of cases,
committal proceedings would not apply to an order or judgment for the payment
of monies. In most instances, a person would ordinarily be regarded as
impecunious if he is unable to satisfy the judgment debt upon the conclusion
of the various execution proceedings. The logical ending point in such cases
should be a winding-up order or a bankruptcy order, as the case may be. In the
present case, the burden was on the plaintiff to prove beyond a reasonable
doubt that Ariel Singapore had neglected to make payment. Having examined the
documentary evidence, it was clear that Ariel Singapore, which is now in
liquidation, was in no position to make payment during the material period.

In our view, in addressing the argument whether committal proceedings can be
brought against “impecunious judgment debtors”, it is crucial to bear in mind,
inter alia, the distinction between a case where no finding has been made on
the defendant’s financial means and a case where a specific finding on the
defendant’s financial means has been determined in the course of the
substantive hearing. In the former scenario, such as where a defendant has
been adjudged to pay damages for breaching a contract or committing a tort,
the question of whether the defendant is able to satisfy the judgment debt is
often left unresolved as it may not be immediately relevant to the issues at
the substantive hearing. This stands in contrast to an order to divide
matrimonial assets pursuant to s 112 of the Women’s Charter, where the court
has to first ascertain the assets held by each party before deciding which of
these assets fall within the pool of matrimonial assets for the purposes of
division. In the present case, we had, in the course of hearing the
substantive appeal, already assessed the value of the husband’s known assets
at S$14,385,364.63. Thereafter, we applied an uplift of 40% to that value to
arrive at a gross value of S$20,139,510.48 on account of his failure to
provide full and frank disclosure of his assets. The husband was then ordered
to pay the sum of S$7,048,828.67, being the wife’s share of the matrimonial
assets, and the balance lump sum maintenance of S$1,136,800. In other words,
the sum total of the husband’s liability to the wife, amounting to
S$8,185,628.67, was less than the value of the husband’s known assets, which
we adjudged at S$14,385,364.63. Given that the husband has not put forward any
evidence to suggest that there has been any material change of circumstances
after the substantive hearing, in light of our findings summarised above,
there is no question that the husband has the means to comply with the
judgment. Therefore, the logical and irresistible inference is that the
husband has refused to comply with the 11 March Order. The same cannot be said
for a case where the court has not made any finding on the means of the
defendant. The concerns raised by Choo J in P J Holdings on whether committal
proceedings can be brought against an impecunious debtor will then come to the
fore. In our view, it would be objectionable to commit a judgment debtor to
prison in spite of the debtor’s proven inability to comply with the judgment
or order.

93 In this regard, it is perhaps pertinent to refer to the decision of Khoo
Wai Keong Ronnie v Hanam Andrew J [2003] SGMC 41 (“Khoo Wai Keong”) as an
example where committal proceedings would not be appropriate for default in
the payment of a monetary judgment. In that case, the debtor was a 24-year-old
full time national serviceman who had been ordered to pay costs to the
creditor after an unsuccessful claim for damages arising out of a motor
vehicle accident. In an application by the creditor for the costs order to be
satisfied by way of instalments, the debtor filed an affidavit containing
supporting documents detailing his personal circumstances, summarised by the
court (at [9]):

a) He is a full time national serviceman earning $417.50 per month with no
other source of income. His salary is paid directly into his OCBC bank
account. The August 2003 and September 2003 bank statements show him having no
savings. Pending national service, it is also impossible for him to earn other
employment income.

b) He is single and lives with his 2 aged parents. He is currently servicing a
hire-purchase loan for his motorcycle at $238.55 per month. Apart from the
finance company and [the creditor], he has no other creditors. At the hearing,
he mentioned his national service duty would end in June 2004.

c) He initially proposed to pay [the creditor] $50.00 per month but in the
course of the hearing, he increased the offer to $100.00 per month. This
leaves him with less than $100.00 per month to meet his monthly expenditure.

The costs order against the debtor amounted to S$3,850. The debtor failed to
pay the creditor in accordance with the instalment order and the creditor then
sought leave to commence committal proceedings against the debtor.

94 Apart from the finding that the instalment order was ineffective for the
purpose of committal proceedings, the court also rejected the creditor’s
application on the grounds: (a) that if reasonable enforcement alternatives
exist, those options should be used before instituting committal proceedings;
and (b) that a debtor will not be committed to prison for disobedience without
clear proof that he was able to pay.

95 In our view, Khoo Wai Keong is an example of when committal proceedings
would not be an appropriate enforcement mechanism in light of clear evidence
that the debtor was having genuine difficulties complying with the instalment
order granted by the court. As we have explained above, this issue does not
arise in the present case as we have already determined that the husband has
the means to comply with our order.

96 Returning to the first ground relied upon by the court in Khoo Wai Keong,
we should make it clear that there is a distinction between committal
proceedings being a remedy of last resort and the requirement of having to
exhaust all other alternative remedies before committal proceedings can be
resorted to. The doctrine of exhaustion of remedies exists in areas of law
such as conflicts of law and administrative law. It should not, however, be
extended to the law of committal, especially where there is clear evidence
that such alternative enforcement mechanisms may not be successful. We also
acknowledge a number of English decisions that are often cited for the
proposition that committal for contempt are orders of “last resort” when
dealing with matrimonial matters (see eg, Ansah v Ansah [1977] Fam 138 at 144
per Ormrod LJ). We make two observations in this regard. First, the
recognition that committal orders should generally be orders of last resort
does not mean that the applicant must necessarily bear the burden of
establishing that all alternative enforcement mechanisms have been exhausted.
In any event, on the facts of the present case, the wife had commenced
enforcement proceedings in relation to the orders of maintenance against the
husband (see [52] above) but these were met with very limited success. The
husband had even engaged in attempts to frustrate the wife’s enforcement
proceedings by applying for a variation of maintenance order, in spite of this
court’s affirmation of the Judge’s finding in this regard. Therefore, we are
satisfied that the wife did in fact pursue other enforcement proceedings
before commencing the present committal proceedings. Secondly, the
observations in the English authorities on the court’s reluctance to resort to
committal proceedings in cases involving matrimonial matters were generally
driven by the need to maintain and foster the relationship between the
contemnor and his family (see eg, Harris v Harris [2001] 1 Fam 502 at [27]).
This is often an overriding concern in cases where the relationship between
the parents and the children may be compromised by any attempt to rely on
committal proceedings. In our judgment, these considerations are of lesser
relevance in the present case as the order in question involves the payment of
a monetary sum in respect of the division of matrimonial assets and
maintenance, as opposed to an order for custody, care or control of children.
It will be recalled that the son is already 24 years of age as at the time of
the hearing. In our view, the critical inquiry is not whether the committal
proceedings are brought as a remedy of last resort or whether the other
available remedies have been exhausted. Instead, the relevant inquiry focusses
on the contumelious nature of the respondent’s non-compliance.

97 In the course of the hearing, Mr Bajwa did not challenge the undeniable
fact that the husband had failed to comply with the 11 March Order. In the
circumstances, we were satisfied, beyond reasonable doubt that the husband had
blatantly and inexcusably refused to comply with the 11 March Order. We
therefore had no hesitation in finding him liable for contempt of court.

Sentencing

98 On the issue of sentencing, we were satisfied that the nature of the
husband’s contempt was such that a sentence of incarceration for a substantial
period was warranted. It was, however, brought to our attention that the
husband had adduced a number of medical reports suggesting that he was not
medically suitable for incarceration. Counsel for the wife, Ms Bernice Loo
(“Ms Loo”), submitted that the medical evidence did not support the husband’s
case as regards his unfitness for imprisonment. We noted that the medical
reports adduced by the husband were rather dated. Under those circumstances,
we considered it prudent to have the husband present himself to the prison’s
medical service for an assessment and confirmation that it would be able to
cope with the husband’s medical condition. In the circumstances, we directed
the SPS to arrange for the husband’s medical assessment and for the hearing to
be reconvened for sentencing following receipt of the report.

99 Ms Loo submitted that the husband was a potential flight risk, especially
when the court had already found against him on the issue of liability. It was
also pointed out that the husband had travelled frequently to Australia and
Indonesia. Although no authority was cited to us in support of the proposition
that we had the power to make an order for the husband’s passport to be
surrendered, we found it useful to refer to the English Court of Appeal
decision of JSC BTA Bank v Ablyazov (No 8) [2013] 1 WLR 1331, where Rix LJ had
made the following observations (at [171]):

In JSC BTA Bank v Shalabayev [2011] EWHC 2903 (Ch) … Henderson J adopted the
perhaps novel expedient of ordering a fugitive contemnor’s own solicitors to
provide contact details “to ensure that Mr Shalabayev be apprehended”. Orders
for the surrender of passports (even if once novel, see Bayer AG v Winter
[1986] 1 WLR 497), and even in the absence of any contempt, are not
unfamiliar. In the criminal sphere, as Maurice Kay LJ remarked during
argument, the court orders a convicted person who is subject to an Attorney
General’s reference, which might lead to his sentence being increased, to
attend the court. Moreover, the jurisprudence cited above is replete with
confirmation of the power possessed by the court to make such orders as are
necessary to make its own orders effective. At any stage of the developing
jurisprudence, it might have been said (and often was) that novelty was a bar
to some particular order. The Mareva injunction was attacked on that basis.
Then it was said that it could not be made in respect of assets overseas. Then
it was said that it could not be made effective by the inclusion of disclosure
orders in support of it. In the present case, the question is whether the
power to commit for contempt of court includes a power to order the contemnor
to surrender to the tipstaff and to make that a condition of something else. I
can see no reason why not. … [emphasis added]

In that case, the majority of the English Court of Appeal decided that the
court had the jurisdiction to do what was just and convenient, and necessary,
to protect its own orders and to give effect to the interest of justice.

100 In our view, given the evidence that the husband had travelled to
Australia and Indonesia recently, and our finding that he was, in fact, a man
of rather substantial means, we accepted Ms Loo’s submission that the husband
was indeed a flight risk. In the circumstances, we ordered the husband to
immediately surrender whichever passport(s) he has to the court, and directed
that he was not to leave Singapore without the prior leave of the court.

101 Both parties appeared before us on 10 September 2015 for submissions on
the appropriate sentence. Mr Bajwa relied substantially on the earlier
decision of this court in Shadrake Alan v Attorney-General [2011] 3 SLR 778
(“Shadrake Alan”). He referred specifically to [153] of the judgment, wherein
although it was observed that the appellant’s conduct “merits a substantial
custodial sentence” [emphasis added], the appellant was only sentenced to six
weeks’ imprisonment and a $20,000 fine. Mr Bajwa further argued that that the
nature of the contempt in Shadrake Alan, which involved scandalising the
judiciary, deserved a more severe punishment than contempt by disobedience, as
in the present case. Mr Bajwa also referred to a number of other cases
involving the scandalising of the judiciary, such as Attorney-General v Tan
Liang Joo John and others [2009] 2 SLR(R) 1132, where the first respondent was
sentenced to 15 days in prison, and the second and third respondents were
sentenced to seven days in prison each, for publicly wearing a white T-shirt
imprinted with a palm-sized picture of a kangaroo dressed in a judge’s gown
within and in the vicinity of the Supreme Court. Another case cited by Mr
Bajwa was Attorney-General v Chee Soon Juan [2006] 2 SLR(R) 650, where the
respondent was sentenced to one day in prison for: (a) acting in contempt in
the face of court by reading the bankruptcy statement to the assistant
registrar; and (b) scandalising the judiciary in the bankruptcy statement.

102 In our view, the authorities cited by Mr Bajwa were of limited assistance
as they all pertain to contempt by interference, such as contempt in the face
of the court and scandalising the judiciary, as opposed to contempt by
disobedience, which generally involves either the failure to comply with court
orders or the breach of undertakings given to the court. However, the
sentencing principles for contempt by interference and contempt by
disobedience do differ to some extent as the underlying rationale for each
type of contempt is quite different.

103 We are of the view that a distinction should also be drawn between
breaches which are one-off in nature and breaches which are either continuing
or repeated in nature. Even among cases involving contempt by disobedience,
the sentencing principles applicable to a one-off breach and a continuing
breach are likely to be different. In this regard, we find the following
observations by Lord Donaldson of Lymington MR in Lightfoot v Lightfoot [1989]
1 FLR 414 (at 416–417) to be instructive:

… Sentences for contempt really fall into two different categories. There is
the purely punitive sentence where the contemnor is being punished for a
breach of an order which has occurred but which was a once and for all breach.
A common example, of course, is a non-molestation order where the respondent
does molest the petitioner and that is an offence for which he has to be
punished. In fixing the sentence there can well be an element of deterrence to
deter him from doing it again and to deter others from doing it. That is one
category.

There is a second category which I might describe as a coercive sentence where
the contemnor has been ordered to do something and is refusing to do it. Of
course, a sentence in that case also has a punitive element since he has to be
punished for having failed to do so up to the moment of the court hearing. But
nevertheless it also has a coercive element.

Now, it is at that point that it is necessary to realise that in earlier times
the court would in such circumstances have imposed an indefinite sentence.
That is to say a man would be committed to prison until such time as he purged
his contempt by complying with the order. …

It is acknowledged that the above observations were made in the context of
cases involving contempt by disobedience. Nevertheless, we are of the view
that the same considerations will apply in the case of a “once and for all
breach” as regards contempt by interference. For instance, publishing material
which scandalises the judiciary or acting in a manner which amounts to
contempt in the face of the court will likely fall within the category of one-
off breaches. In this category of cases, the overriding sentencing principle
is one of punishment, in that the breach has already been committed. There is
no coercive value in the sentence to be imposed as the contemnor is usually
not in a position to remedy the breach, apart from the expression of
contrition by way of retraction of the scandalising material or a public
apology. This stands in contrast to a situation where a contemnor is ordered
to do an act but continuously refuses to comply, as in the present case. In
these circumstances, the objective of compelling the contemnor to effect
compliance with the order is likely to be a given a significant degree of
weight. That is not to say that there is no punitive element in the sentences
imposed on such contemnors. In fact, in most instances of a “continuing”
breach, the sentence imposed will include both punitive and coercive elements.
However, the same cannot be said as regards one-off breaches, where the
coercive element is not likely to feature at all. In our view, it is important
to keep this distinction in mind when examining case precedents on contempt,
regardless of whether they involve contempt by interference or contempt by
disobedience.

104 Prior to addressing the relevant facts in the present case, it is useful
to first examine the factors that are typically relevant to sentencing in
cases of contempt by disobedience. It appears that there are comparatively
fewer cases dealing specifically with sentencing for contempt by disobedience,
as opposed to contempt by interference. In David Eady & A T H Smith, Arlidge,
Eady & Smith on Contempt (Sweet & Maxwell, 4th Ed, 2011), the learned authors
(at para 14-11) referred to the English High Court decision of Crystalmews Ltd
v Metterick and others [2006] EWHC 3087 (Ch), where Lawrence Collins J had
identified a number of relevant factors to be taken into account:

[13] The matters which I may take into account include these. First, whether
the claimant has been prejudiced by virtue of the contempt and whether the
prejudice is capable of remedy. Second, the extent to which the contemnor has
acted under pressure. Third, whether the breach of the order was deliberate or
unintentional. Fourth, the degree of culpability. Fifth, whether the contemnor
has been placed in breach of the order by reason of the conduct of others.
Sixth, whether the contemnor appreciates the seriousness of the deliberate
breach. Seventh, whether the contemnor has co-operated.

Although these factors were not intended to nor should they be treated as
sentencing guidelines, we are of the view that they do provide a useful
framework for courts to analyse the relevant facts in order to arrive at an
appropriate sentence.

105 Moving on, in surveying foreign cases dealing with contempt by
disobedience in the context of matrimonial proceedings, there appears to be a
number of factors that often feature in the sentencing process. It is
important to bear in mind that the sentences imposed in foreign cases might
well be based on different frameworks in the law of contempt. For instance,
certain jurisdictions have implemented an upper limit on the duration of
imprisonment that may be imposed on persons found guilty of contempt of court,
such as under s 14 of the Contempt of Court Act 1981 (c 49) (UK) which
provides that any committal of a person for contempt of court shall be for a
fixed term, and “that term shall not on any occasion exceed two years in the
case of committal by a superior court, or one month in the case of committal
by an inferior court”. It is therefore important to keep these differences in
mind when considering cases on contempt of court from foreign jurisdictions.
Having said that, we believe it is useful to refer to foreign cases not so
much for benchmark sentences, but rather to discern the common factors that
courts usually take into consideration in deciding the appropriate sentence to
impose in each individual case.

106 The first factor, which is commonplace in matrimonial proceedings
(probably due to the multiplicity of orders made by the court in a single
case), is a degree of continuity in the contemptuous conduct. Although the
eventual sentence may only be passed in relation to a specific act (or acts),
the courts do take into account the past conduct of the contemnor in
determining the appropriate sentence to be imposed. This can be seen from the
English decision of Young v Young [2013] 1 FLR 269 where the facts bear some
similarity to the instant case. There, the husband had stated repeatedly that
he was penniless and bankrupt. The wife, on the other hand, argued that the
husband was a very wealthy man worth up to £400 million. She claimed that he
had concealed his financial resources in a bid to avoid his legitimate
obligations towards her and their children. Prior to this, the husband had
already received a suspended sentence for contempt following his failure to
comply with court orders. Thereafter, the husband was ordered to provide,
amongst others, further documentary evidence to verify the financial losses he
claimed to have incurred and of all payments alleged to have been made for his
benefit by third parties. The husband failed to comply with the order by the
stipulated date. The wife applied for the husband to be committed to prison
for contempt of court. In sentencing the husband to six months’ imprisonment,
Moor J observed that while both acts of contempt were serious in themselves,
he also took into account the fact that there had been a flagrant and
deliberate contempt by the husband over a very long period of time.

107 Another germane factor which is often taken into consideration by the
court in determining the appropriate sentence is the impact of the
contemptuous conduct on the other party. From a practical perspective, the
court will usually place some weight on the issue of whether the contemptuous
conduct is irreversible in nature. In cases where a significant portion of the
assets has been disposed of with no prospect of recovery, the courts have
generally adopted a relatively harsh stance in the exercise of its sentencing
powers, as can be gleaned from Lightfoot v Lightfoot. In that case, the
husband had been working as a miner and was expecting relatively large sums of
money from a redundancy payment and a personal injury claim. In the course of
the matrimonial proceedings, a court order was granted to restrain the husband
from disposing of the sums of money that he was expecting to receive. The
husband was also ordered to pay those sums of money into a joint bank account
to be held by the solicitors for both parties pending the final disposal of
the ancillary relief hearing. In breach of this order, the husband withdrew a
large portion of the money he received and purportedly gambled it all away.
The judge at first instance sentenced the husband to 18 months’ imprisonment
and this was upheld on appeal. As in the case of Hudson v Hudson [1995] 2 FLR
72, the husband’s breach had a significant impact on the wife as it
effectively denied her any prospect of recovering the monies she would
otherwise have been entitled to.

108 We also found it useful to refer to the Australian decision of Weirs v
Weirs [2012] FMCAfam 247, where the impact of the husband’s contemptuous
conduct was also given significant weight in the determination of the
appropriate sentence. The husband had, in the course of proceedings between
the parties, given an undertaking not to deal with any asset in any
superannuation fund pending the determination of the matter. Thereafter, an
injunction was granted to restrain the husband from accessing, transferring,
withdrawing or in any way dealing with any superannuation in any
superannuation funds. It soon transpired that the husband had withdrawn an
amount of $116,237.44 from a superannuation fund account in breach of the
injunction. Once again, the court took into account the impact of the
husband’s breach on the wife, as reflected in the following observations by
Harman FM (at [70]):

The husband's dealing with the funds has had the effect that Ms Weirs has been
deprived entirely of what would ordinarily be referred to as “the fruits of
her litigation”. She has also incurred, although there is no evidence before
the Court to quantify them, costs with respect of prosecuting the substantive
proceedings and at least to the extent that appearances have occurred or
written submissions have been prepared on behalf of Ms Weirs, costs with
respect to this application. [emphasis added]

After a careful consideration of the mitigating factors in that case, the
learned judge sentenced the husband to nine months’ imprisonment. Notably, the
judge refused to grant a suspended sentence on the basis that there was
nothing that the husband could do to repatriate the funds or compensate the
wife to the extent of her loss.

109 A third factor which often features in the sentencing process is the
nature of the non-compliance, in particular, whether it was intentional or
fraudulent on the part of the contemnor. As we have highlighted at [86] above,
while the motive or intention of the alleged contemnor is generally irrelevant
to the question of liability for contempt, it is nonetheless a relevant factor
for the purposes of sentencing. In fact, Lord Oliver had gone as far as to
observe in Attorney-General v Times Newspapers Ltd and another [1992] 1 AC 191
at 217 that the “intention with which the act was done will, of course, be of
the highest relevance in the determination of the penalty (if any) to be
imposed by the court” [emphasis added].

110 Finally, it is acknowledged that courts do take into account any genuine
attempts on the part of the alleged contemnor to comply with the judgment or
order. Typically, a lower (or suspended) sentence will be imposed in cases
where the alleged contemnor had demonstrated substantive attempts to effect
compliance. The corollary to that would be the imposition of a higher sentence
in cases where the alleged contemnor acts in contumelious disregard of the
judgment or order and makes no attempt whatsoever to effect compliance, or
worse still, takes positive steps to frustrate the effect of the order of
court. Part payment by the contemnor was accepted by the court as a mitigating
factor in Child Support Registrar v Balzano (No 2) [2011] FMCAfam 578, where
the husband was ordered to pay the sum of $59,151.56 and $2,258.56 pursuant to
an earlier court order. Thereafter, the husband was found to have contravened
that order and was placed on a bond in the sum of $2,000 without security
conditioned upon the husband paying the amounts ordered within the period of
the bond. As the husband did not do so, he was also in breach of the bond. The
Child Support Registrar sought a sentence of imprisonment for a period of six
months or until the remaining sum of $51,410.12 was paid. This was rejected by
Scarlett FM, who took the view that the fact that “one sanction has already
been imposed is not of itself sufficient for the Court to be satisfied that it
would not be appropriate to deal with the current contravention by other means
except imprisonment” (at [9]). The learned judge observed that the part
payment of $10,000 by the husband was a mitigating factor and imposed a fine
of $1,000 instead. In assessing the weight to be placed on the part payment,
the inquiry is to examine whether genuine efforts were made by the contemnor
to satisfy the judgment. For this reason, the amount paid relative to the
judgment debt is an important consideration to bear in mind.

111 Having set out a number of factors that often feature in the sentencing
process, we now go on to consider the application of the relevant
considerations to the facts in the present case. At the outset, it should be
observed that the husband has had a history of acting in flagrant disregard of
judgments or orders made by various courts at all levels. Almost all the
egregious factors which were employed by the courts to impose a stiff sentence
on the contemnors in the above cases can be found on the facts of this case.
For ease of reference, a litany of the various breaches committed by the
husband are summarised below. First, the husband had acted in breach of the
injunction obtained by the wife when he further mortgaged the Stevens Court
property. Secondly, before the High Court, the husband was ordered to
discharge all mortgages and encumbrances at his cost in respect of the Stevens
Court property within four months from the date of the order and to transfer
the Stevens Court property to the wife free from all encumbrances. No stay of
execution was obtained by the husband. He failed to comply with the order of
court and, in fact, ceased making repayments on the mortgage account thereby
causing the Stevens Court property to be repossessed by the mortgagee. As a
result of his deliberate disregard of the court’s order, the wife was evicted
from the Stevens Court property. Thirdly, the husband was ordered to pay the
wife S$8,000 per month from the date of the High Court’s order and that those
monthly sums so paid in the interim were to be deducted from the lump sum
instalments due to the wife. It is not disputed that the husband only made
sporadic payments to the wife and substantially did not comply with the order.
Fourthly, the wife had to commence MSS 1607/2014 to compel the husband to pay
the maintenance arrears. Although the husband initially complied with the
enforcement order pursuant to MSS 1607/2014, he stopped making further payment
after the delivery of our judgment in the substantive appeal. This was in
spite of the fact that we had affirmed the Judge’s order on the issue of
maintenance. The husband instead took out an application for variation of the
maintenance payments. Finally, it is also not disputed that the husband had
failed to comply with the 11 March Order after the wife had successfully
applied for the insertion of the penal notice and the specification of a
timeframe for compliance. This forms the subject matter of the charge against
the husband in the present committal proceedings.

112 We further note that the husband has, in the course of the entire
committal proceedings, steadfastly maintained the position that he had no
means to comply with the orders of the court. He claimed that the monies
obtained from the mortgages and the transfer of shares to his family members
had been used to pay off his business loans, but no documentary evidence was
adduced in support of his bald assertion. As we have observed above, the
husband’s argument in this regard is no more than an attempt to relitigate the
findings that were made against him in the substantive appeal. As we had
reiterated at each and every stage of the committal proceedings, we were not
prepared to accept the husband’s claim that he was an impecunious debtor. We
were, in fact, of the contrary view that the husband was a man of substantial
means. In the circumstances, given that the husband has provided no other
reason for his non-compliance with the various judgments and orders of the
court, we were of the view that the non-compliance on the part of the husband
was both deliberate and fraudulent.

113 In the course of the hearing, two local decisions were referred to, in
which the highest sentence imposed for deliberate disobedience of an order of
the court is a sentence of six months’ imprisonment. The first, OCM
Opportunities Fund II, LP and others v Burhan Uray (alias Wong Ming Kiong) and
others [2005] 3 SLR(R) 60 (“OCM Opportunities”), involved various breaches of
a Mareva injunction that had been obtained by the plaintiffs against the
defendants. In the O 52 statement, the plaintiffs made the following
allegations against the contemnors:

(a) failure to inform the plaintiffs of all the majority defendants’ assets,
whether in or outside Singapore and whether owned legally or beneficially by
them and whether in their own name or not and whether solely or jointly owned
giving the value, location and details of all such assets by way of affidavit
in compliance with the Mareva injunction;

(b) failure to comply with Exception (1) of the Mareva injunction (see [3]
above);

(c) failure to comply with Exception (2) of the Mareva injunction (see [3]
above);

(d) failure to attend court for cross-examination pursuant to the order for
cross-examination dated 25 May 2004;

(e) failure to attend court for cross-examination pursuant to the peremptory
order dated 30 August 2004;

(f) continued breaches of the Mareva injunction as set out in sub-paras (a),
(b) and (c) above pursuant to the permanent injunction obtained under the
Judgment dated 1 September 2004.

After hearing the parties, Belinda Ang Saw Ean J concluded that all five heads
of contempt set out above had been proved beyond reasonable doubt. The learned
judge made the following instructive observations (at [37]):

… The evidence compelled a conclusion that the contemnors had committed
contempt of court by deliberately disobeying the various orders. There was no
explanation or no good explanation providing a justifiable excuse for non-
compliance with the various orders. The majority defendants’ single-minded
objective to avoid disclosing the true value of their assets could not be
condoned. That was, in my judgment, clear defiance of the authority of the
court. It was plain that the majority defendants and JS [ie, the president
director of the parent company of the seventh defendant] were wrong to take
that attitude and therefore in contempt of court. Their personal views,
however sincere (to be charitable), could not in themselves justify
disobedience. It was necessary in the circumstances of this case, given all
that had transpired, to uphold and enforce lawful orders of the court.
Imprisonment, as opposed to a fine, was appropriate as there was no other
effective means to ensure compliance. … [emphasis added]

In the circumstances, the contemnors were each committed to imprisonment for
six months.

114 The second authority that was cited to us was the decision of the High
Court in Maruti Shipping Pte Ltd v Tay Sien Djim and others [2014] SGHC 227
(“Maruti Shipping”). In that case, the first defendant was found guilty of
contempt of court for the following breaches: (a) preventing the execution of
an Anton Piller order at two different premises; (b) withdrawing S$380,000
from his OCBC account in breach of the Mareva injunction; (c) failing to
comply with the disclosure requirements in the Anton Piller order and the
Mareva injunction; and (d) failing to deliver his passport to the plaintiff in
breach of ancillary orders granted by the court. Edmund Leow JC imposed a term
of imprisonment of six months in those circumstances.

115 Although OCM Opportunities and Maruti Shipping involved breaches of
freezing and search orders, the sentences imposed by the court nonetheless
demonstrate that substantial custodial sentences for contempt are not
uncommon. On the facts of the present case, having considered the factors set
out at [111] above, especially the fact that the husband had acted in
contumelious disregard of the judgments and orders of the court on multiple
occasions, we were of the view that the contempt by the husband in the present
case exceeded the gravity of the contemptuous conduct of the parties in OCM
Opportunities and Maruti Shipping and that the appropriate punishment in the
present case was a term of imprisonment of eight months.

116 There appears to be a trend of suspending the sentences of imprisonment
imposed on contemnors guilty of contempt by disobedience so as to enable them
to take steps to effect compliance with the judgment or order of the court. In
keeping with this judicial trend, we granted the husband a final indulgence by
suspending the sentence imposed for a period of four weeks from the date of
the order. The purpose of this was to enable the husband to take steps to
effect compliance with the order.

Conclusion

117 For the reasons set out above, we imposed a sentence of eight months’
imprisonment on the husband. As we have emphasised above, where, as in the
present case, a party has concealed assets and embarked on a course of conduct
that is calculated to defeat the other party’s entitlement to a share of the
matrimonial assets in deliberate defiance of court order, this calls for a
sentence that is sufficient to adequately express the court’s opprobrium. The
husband had been given numerous opportunities to purge his contempt and we
had, at the last hearing, granted the husband a final indulgence by suspending
the sentence for a period of four weeks to enable him to take steps to effect
compliance with the order. It appears that, even then, the husband had failed
and/or refused to comply with the order. He has since been taken into custody
to commence serving his sentence. At the request of the parties, in lieu of
taxation, we fix the costs for the committal proceedings at $10,000 inclusive
of disbursements to be paid by the husband to the wife.

Sundaresh Menon Andrew Phang Boon Leong Steven Chong  
Chief Justice Judge of Appeal Judge

Bernice Loo Ming Nee and Sarah-Anne Khoo Seok Leng (Allen & Gledhill LLP) for
the applicant;  
Ragbir Singh s/o Ram Singh Bajwa (Bajwa & Co) for the respondent.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 16 Dec 2021 (20:13 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

