Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the

[2016] SGHC 28

Suit No 563 of 2011/L  
(Registrar’s Appeal No 238 of 2015)

Between

(1)| Management Corporation Strata Title Plan No 3322  
---|---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

(1)| Mer Vue Developments Pte Ltd  
---|---  
(2)| Tiong Aik Construction Pte Ltd  
(3)| RSP Architects Planners & Engineers (Pte) Ltd  
(4)| Squire Mech Private Limited  
  
… Defendants

And

(1)| King Wan Construction Pte Ltd  
---|---  
(2)| BASF South East Asia Pte Ltd  
(3)| Heng Boon Seng Construction Pte Ltd  
(4)| Kohup Sports Pte Ltd  
(5)| Jason Parquet Specialist (Singapore) Pte Ltd  
(6)| Powen Electrical Engineering Pte Ltd  
  
… Third Parties

Grounds of Decision

[Civil Procedure] — [Pleadings] — [Amendment]

[Civil Procedure] — [Limitation]

[Limitation of Actions] — [Particular Causes of Action] — [Contract]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Management Corporation Strata Title Plan No 3322

  
v

  

Mer Vue Developments Pte Ltd and others

  
(King Wan Construction Pte Ltd and others, third parties)

[2016] SGHC 28

High Court — Suit No 563 of 2011/L (Registrar’s Appeal No 238 of 2015)  
Chan Seng Onn J  
19 October 2015

2 March 2016

Chan Seng Onn J:

Introduction

1 This was an appeal by the Plaintiff against the dismissal of its application
to amend its pleadings.

2 The Plaintiff, the management corporation (“MCST”) of the property known as
“The Seaview Condominium” at 29 to 41 Amber Road (“the Development”), brought
an action against, among others, the 1st Defendant, Mer Vue Developments Pte
Ltd (hereinafter referred to as “Mer Vue”), the developer of the Development.
The action was made on behalf of certain subsidiary proprietors in respect of
building defects, relying on Section 85(1) of the Building Maintenance and
Strata Management Act (Cap 30C, 2008 Rev Ed) (“BMSMA”). The construction of
the Development commenced sometime in 2005 and was completed in 2008. The
Temporary Occupation Permit (“TOP”) for the Development was issued in two
stages—on 22 April 2008 and 28 May 2008—and the Certificate of Statutory
Completion (“CSC”) was issued on or about 24 December 2008. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Statement of Claim (Amd 3) (“SOC”) at paras 6-8

3 Against Mer Vue, the Plaintiff brought claims for alleged defects in the
Development:

(a) in contract, for breach of the sale and purchase agreements with the
subsidiary proprietors who were the original purchasers (“Sale and Purchase
Agreements”);

(b) in tort, for failing to ensure proper design and construction of the
Development; and

(c) for breach of statutory duty under the BMSMA.

4 The issue at hand arose from the Plaintiff’s proposed amendments in Summons
No 3193 of 2015 (“SUM 3193”). In this summons, the Plaintiff sought to amend
its “Further and Better Particulars of the Statement of Claim filed pursuant
to the 1st Defendants’ letter dated 12 October 2011” (“F&BPs”) filed on 31
October 2011 to include the names of an additional 113 subsidiary proprietors
(to the initial list of 30 names) in Schedule 1 of its F&BPs. The Plaintiff’s
application was dismissed by Assistant Registrar Chong Chin Chin (“AR Chong”)
on 31 July 2015. I heard the Plaintiff’s appeal against AR Chong’s decision on
19 October 2015 on this matter and dismissed the appeal. I found that the
Plaintiff’s proposed amendments were time-barred and were thus not permitted.
I granted the Plaintiff’s application in Summons No 5228 of 2015 for leave to
appeal to the Court of Appeal on 16 November 2015.

Representative capacity of MCST as the Plaintiff

5 This issue dealt with the characterisation of the Plaintiff’s application
under the rules of civil procedure in light of the Plaintiff pursuing the suit
in a representative capacity as a management corporation, on behalf of
subsidiary proprietors, under Section 85(1) of the BMSMA. Section 85 of the
BMSMA was ported from and based on the since-repealed Section 116 of the Land
Titles (Strata) Act (Cap 158, 1999 Rev Ed) (“LTSA”).

6 For the ease of reference, I reproduce Section 85 of the BMSMA (which is for
our purposes largely in pari materia with Section 116 of the LTSA with the
exception of edits to incorporate the two-tier management corporation scheme):

Management corporation, etc., may represent subsidiary proprietors in
proceedings

85.—(1) Where all or some of the subsidiary proprietors of the lots in a
parcel comprised in a strata title plan are jointly entitled to take—

(a) proceedings for or with respect to the common property in that parcel
against any person or are liable to have such proceedings taken against them
jointly; or

(b) proceedings for or with respect to any limited common property in that
parcel against any person or are liable to have such proceedings taken against
them jointly,

the proceedings may be taken by or against the management corporation in the
case of paragraph (a), or the subsidiary management corporation constituted
for that limited common property in the case of paragraph (b), as if it were
the subsidiary proprietors of the lots concerned.

(2) Any judgment or order given or made in favour of or against the management
corporation or subsidiary management corporation in any such proceedings shall
have effect as if it were a judgment or an order given or made in favour of or
against the subsidiary proprietors.

(3) Where a subsidiary proprietor is liable to make a contribution to another
subsidiary proprietor in respect of a judgment debt arising under a judgment
referred to in subsection (2), the amount of that contribution shall bear to
the judgment debt —

(a) the same proportion as the share value of the lot of the first-mentioned
subsidiary proprietor bears to the aggregate share value, in the case of a
judgment or an order for or against a management corporation; or

(b) the same proportion as calculated in accordance with section 81, in the
case of a judgment or an order for or against a subsidiary management
corporation.

7 A line of local cases have authoritatively held that Section 116(1) of the
LTSA, which was taken with amendments made from Section 147 of the New South
Wales Strata Titles Act 1973, procedurally facilitates the institution of
actions by or against subsidiary proprietors by allowing management
corporations to institute or defend actions on their behalf. This is done in a
representative capacity, and the statutory provision does not confer a
separate right or cause of action on the management corporation. Management
corporations relying on this procedural provision would still have to
demonstrate an underlying substantive cause of action on the part of the
subsidiary proprietors they represent: see MCST Plan No 2297 v Seasons Park
Ltd [2005] 2 SLR(R) 613 (“Seasons Park”) at [14]–[18] where the Court of
Appeal also referred to relevant observations by G P Selvam J and Lai Siu Chiu
J in MCST Plan No 1279 v Khong Guan Realty Pte Ltd [1994] 3 SLR(R) 527 and
MCST Plan No 1938 v Goodview Properties Pte Ltd [2000] 1 SLR(R) 861 (“Goodview
Properties”) respectively.

8 Thus, where the underlying cause of action is a contractual claim, a
management corporation bringing a claim on behalf of its subsidiary
proprietors must specify “on which of the subsidiary proprietors’ behalf is
the action in contract instituted [as] [t]he substantive party is not the
management corporation but the specific subsidiary proprietors” (Seasons Park
at [18]). Another important reason for this (other than to enable the
defendant to know which subsidiary proprietors authorised the management
corporation to bring the action and to know as to whom the eventual judgment
would bind) is the rule of abatement as enunciated by the Court of Appeal in
the appeal decision of Goodview Properties in [2000] 3 SLR(R) 350 at [32] and
applied again in Seasons Park (at [29]–[32]).

9 This rule of abatement flows from the principle of privity of contract as
well as the fact that each subsidiary proprietor is only a tenant-in-common of
the common property to the extent of his share value in the development. Thus,
under Section 85(1) of the BMSMA, a management corporation can only sue in
contract on behalf of its subsidiary proprietors who have had direct sale and
purchase contracts with the developer and claim only a proportionate part of
the damages suffered in respect of defects to common property. Damages awarded
to the management corporation would thus “abate corresponding to the ratio
that the collective share value of the units owned by subsidiary proprietors
of the units on whose behalf the action was taken bore against the total share
value of all the units in the development” (Seasons Park at [29]).

10 In the present case, it is thus not surprising that the Plaintiff sought to
include more subsidiary proprietors in its F&BPs. By its own estimation, this
would increase the potential damages awarded for a successful contractual
claim from 5% to 25% of the eventual damages assessed. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Plaintiff’s Written Submissions at p 10

11 For completeness, I should state that management corporations do not need
to rely on Section 85(1) of the BMSMA for tortious claims as they are entitled
in their own right to sue in tort with respect to the common property of
developments (see Section 24(2)(b) of the BMSMA and Seasons Park at [19]).

Nature of application

Only subsidiary proprietors with causes of action can be included

12 Before deciding on the characterisation of the Plaintiff’s application, a
preliminary point must be made. Out of the 113 additional subsidiary
proprietors proposed by the Plaintiff to be included in its F&BPs, 33 were not
original purchasers of their apartment units and thus had no direct Sale and
Purchase Agreements with Mer Vue. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Tan Suat Nee Mary’s (“Tan’s”) Affidavit at para 7 and Annex A

These 33 subsidiary proprietors therefore had no causes of action in contract
against Mer Vue; the Plaintiff clearly could not bring a contractual action on
their behalf in the first place. The Plaintiff themselves accepted this point.
4

##### Foot Note 4

×

Chua Boon Kiat’s (“Chua’s”) 2nd Affidavit at para 5

In addition, I did not find that the original purchasers’ agreements with Mer
Vue conferred upon subsequent purchasers any right to sue in contract pursuant
to Section 2(1) of Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act (Cap 53B, 2002 Rev
Ed).

Application did not amount to adding new parties for the purposes of O 15 r 6

13 Mer Vue contended that the Plaintiff’s application to represent additional
subsidiary proprietors was an attempt to add new parties to the existing
action, akin to an application for joinder of parties under O 15 r 6 of the
Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2014 Rev Ed) (“the ROC”). Here, Mer Vue
essentially argued that the Plaintiff was asking the court to intervene to
make the additional 113 subsidiary proprietors parties to the action, in which
case the Plaintiff should have proceeded under O 15 r 6 and not under O 20.
However, I found that this interpretation of the application was misconceived
and that it did not comport with the nature of representative proceedings.

14 Who are “parties” to an action? At least under the scheme of O 15 r 6,
“parties” are envisaged as those whose names are reflected on the Writ of
Summons (or Originating Summons). Thus, O 15 r 8(4)(a) of the ROC requires the
writ (or any other originating process) to be amended to include the new
party’s name for orders made under O 15 r 6 to join any person as a party to
the action. In contrast, the names of subsidiary proprietors that management
corporations sue on behalf of are not reflected on Writs or Originating
Summonses as plaintiffs, but are specifically identified in, for example, an
annex to the Statement of Claim (as the Court of Appeal in Seasons Park at
[18] indicated) or in this case, in the Plaintiff’s F&BPs.

15 The non-applicability of O 15 r 6 is also apparent when one considers the
nature and capacity of persons representing and represented in such actions.
When management corporations bring actions on behalf of subsidiary
proprietors, the former are the named plaintiffs and the latter as represented
persons are not deemed to be “parties” before the court. This can be
analogised to the nature of represented persons in representative proceedings
under O 15 r 12, where represented persons are similarly not “parties” before
the court (as the Court of Appeal opined in Koh Chong Chiah and others v
Treasure Resort Pte Ltd [2013] 4 SLR 1204 at [36]).

16 Even if I were to be wrong on this and the Plaintiff’s application should
have been characterised as a joinder of parties under O 15 r 6, the right to
apply for joinder of parties under O 15 r 6 is still subject to the law of
limitation (see Abdul Gaffer bin Fathil v Chua Kwang Yong [1994] 3 SLR(R) 1056
(“Abdul Gaffer”) at [16] and Ketteman v Hansel Properties Ltd [1987] AC 189).
As the relevant time period for limitation had already expired by the time the
application was made (see below at [25]–[41]), the Plaintiff’s application
would still not succeed under O 15 r 6 of the ROC.

Application essentially made to amend pleadings

17 Essentially, the Plaintiff’s application to amend its F&BPs was an
application to amend pleadings under O 20 r 5 of the ROC. It is instructive
that the Court of Appeal in Seasons Park (at [27]–[28]) had referred to the
motion seeking leave to include names of subsidiary proprietors who had
authorised the appellant-management corporation to pursue a contractual claim
as one that sought to “amend the pleadings”.

18 It has been settled that O 20 r 5 sets out “two distinct schemes of
practice” for the amendment of writs and pleadings, dependent on whether the
relevant limitation period has expired or not (see Lim Yong Swan v Lim Jee Tee
and another [1992] 3 SLR(R) 940 (“Lim Yong Swan”) at [12]–[19]). Where
limitation has not set in, amendments may be made under O 20 r 5(1) generally.
On the other hand, the court can only grant leave to amend after the
limitation period has expired if the amendments fall strictly under any of the
three situations in O 20 rr 5(3), 5(4) or 5(5) read with r 5(2). Outside of
the three situations, the court has no general power to amend when the defence
of limitation would be available to the defendant. In the first place, these
three situations are instances where the court merely corrects and makes
“explicit what is implicit” on the matters of “identity, capacity or cause of
action” that were already asserted or implied from the inception of the writ
or the filing of the pleading (Lim Yong Swan at [19]), and hence they do not
prejudice the substantive rights of parties under the Limitation Act (Cap 163,
1996 Rev Ed) (“LA”).

Application did not amount to adding new causes of action under O 20 r 5(5)

19 The Plaintiff’s arguments hinged on whether its application amounted to
adding new causes of action. It was submitted that the relevant governing
provision for amending pleadings not amounting to adding causes of action was
O 20 r 5(1) (since the question of limitation would not even arise) while that
for the converse was O 20 r 5(5). The Plaintiff relied on the reasoning as
expressed by Coomaraswamy J in Geocon Piling & Engineering Pte Ltd v Multistar
Holdings Ltd and another [2015] 3 SLR 1215 (“Geocon Piling”), where these four
questions were set out at [115]:

(a) Does the plaintiff’s proposed amendment add or substitute a new cause of
action?

(b) Has the period of limitation applicable to that new cause of action
expired?

(c) If so, does that new cause of action arise out of the same facts or
substantially the same facts as a cause of action in respect of which the
plaintiff has already claimed relief in the action?

(d) If so, is it just to grant the plaintiff leave to make the proposed
amendment?

20 The Plaintiff thus submitted that the question of whether new causes of
action were being added (ie, by merely including the additional 113 subsidiary
proprietors with no change to the nature of the claim and the facts in support
of the claim) should be answered before the question of limitation. However,
the situation in the present case should be distinguished from that in Geocon
Piling, where the court was embarking on the inquiry of whether new causes of
action were being introduced by one existing plaintiff to whom O 20 r 5(5)
might apply even if limitation had set in for the proposed new causes of
action.

21 O 20 r 5(5) of the ROC reads as follows:

(5) An amendment may be allowed under paragraph (2) notwithstanding that the
effect of the amendment will be to add or substitute a new cause of action if
the new cause of action arises out of the same facts or substantially the same
facts as a cause of action in respect of which relief has already been claimed
in the action by the party applying for leave to make the amendment. [emphasis
added]

22 O 20 r 5(5) covers situations where an existing plaintiff adds or
substitutes new causes of action, and does not cover situations where a
plaintiff seeks to represent more persons. In the present case, the existing
“party” in the action would be the Plaintiff representing the already-named 30
subsidiary proprietors. An amendment to add 113 new subsidiary proprietors to
be represented by the Plaintiff does not fall within the scope of O 20 r 5(5);
such an amendment does not demonstrate the addition or substitution of new
causes of action on behalf of the presently represented 30 subsidiary
proprietors. The Court of Appeal held in Abdul Gaffer at [14] that O 20 r 5(5)
only applies to where a new cause of action is proposed by an existing
plaintiff against an existing defendant, and not where a new defendant is
proposed to be added to an existing action. Similarly, adding more represented
persons is something quite different from what is contemplated in O 20 r 5(5).

23 In any case, allowing such an amendment under O 20 r 5(5) would defeat the
purpose of limiting the instances where the court (seemingly) circumvents the
limitation defence. Adding more represented persons is not “merely a matter of
correction to make explicit what is implicit”, but it affects substantively
the potential damages to be awarded (see [9]–[10] above). It was definitely
not implicit from the original F&BPs that more subsidiary proprietors beyond
the listed 30 had authorised the Plaintiff to pursue their contractual claims.
Allowing the amendment would amount to unjustly depriving Mer Vue of its
accrued statutory defence of limitation, if available, against these 113 new
subsidiary proprietors who at this very late stage, well beyond the period of
limitation, want to join in the representative action by the Plaintiff. Each
of the 113 new subsidiary proprietors added to the existing pool of
represented persons by virtue of the amendment would in substance enlarge the
size of the claim and the reliefs sought in the present suit against Mer Vue.
Mer Vue would be seriously prejudiced by being denied a defence of limitation,
which would have been available to Mer Vue had the MCST started a second
representative action to represent these 113 subsidiary proprietors pursuant
to Section 85(1) of the BMSMA.

24 Thus, unlike what the Plaintiff contended, the analytical framework
applicable should not be the one laid out in Geocon Piling (see [19] above),
as the matter here fell outside the scope of O 20 r 5(5) and did not involve a
determination of whether the four factors or questions in O 20 r 5(2) read
with r 5(5) were made out.

Underlying contractual claims time-barred

25 As the Plaintiff was seeking to amend pleadings to represent more
subsidiary proprietors under Section 85(1) of the BMSMA in relation to their
claims in contract, the Plaintiff had to “point to [the] underlying
substantive cause[s] of action” against Mer Vue (Goodview Properties at [16],
as approved in Seasons Park at [17]) with respect to these additional proposed
represented persons. Thus, the limitation period with respect to the
contractual claims of these additional 113—or 80 to be accurate, after taking
into account 33 non-original purchasers with no contractual relation with Mer
Vue (see [12] above)—subsidiary proprietors would be relevant in deciding if
the court could allow the proposed amendments under O 20 r 5(1) of the ROC.

Applicable provisions

26 It was argued by the counsel for Mer Vue that the relevant provision under
the LA was Section 6(1)(a), which reads as follows:

Limitation of actions of contract and tort and certain other actions

6.—(1) Subject to this Act, the following actions shall not be brought after
the expiration of 6 years from the date on which the cause of action accrued:

(a) actions founded on a contract or on tort;

27 However, I was of the view that Section 24A(3) of the LA applied instead,
as the contractual claim here was an action for damages for breach of duty
under the Sale and Purchase Agreements between the original purchasers and Mer
Vue. The Court of Appeal in Lian Kok Hong v Ow Wah Foong and another [2008] 4
SLR(R) 165 (“Lian Kok Hong”) at [13]–[15] clarified the relationship between
Section 6(1)(a) and Section 24A of the LA: Section 24A carves out certain
exceptions to Section 6(1)(a) and, as such, the two cannot apply concurrently.
In Lian Kok Hong, the appellant’s actions framed in breach of contract
alleged, among others, breaches of supervision and certification duties by the
respondent-architect. Here, the Plaintiff similarly alleged breaches of
supervision duties, in addition to breaches of design, maintenance and
construction duties by Mer Vue. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

SOC, at para 29 where the alleged contractual breaches are particularised

Section 24A(3)(a) of the LA: accrual of cause of action in contract taken as
date of breach

28 Under Section 24A(3)(a) of the LA, an action shall not be brought after the
expiration of the period of six years from the date on which the cause of
action accrued. It is trite law that the date of accrual of contractual
actions is the date of the alleged breach; for actions based on contract, time
runs from the breach, even when the damage may not have been suffered by the
claimant at that point: see Lian Kok Hong at [22]–[23], Lim Check Meng v
Orchard Credit Pte Ltd [1997] 2 SLR(R) 709 at [18] and Andrew McGee,
Limitation Periods (Sweet & Maxwell, 7th Ed, 2014) at para 10.002. This stands
in contrast to the case for actions framed in tort, where the cause of action
accrues when the damage occurs instead: see Lian Kok Hong at [24].

29 It is crucial, then, to determine when the alleged contractual breaches
occurred in order to calculate from when time for the purposes of limitation
should run.

30 Mer Vue had submitted that, for building defect claims, time runs from the
date of completion of the building, relying on Chia Kok Leong and another v
Prosperland Pte Ltd [2005] 2 SLR(R) 484 at [62] and [64]. In the current
situation, Mer Vue had proffered the dates of the issuance of the two Notices
of Vacant Possession (“NVP”) to the subsidiary proprietors as the relevant
dates of the alleged breaches from when time had started to run, as an
approximation of the dates of issuance of the TOP for the Development.

31 On the other hand, the Plaintiff contended that the time had run only from
the date its expert had conducted his initial site inspections from 29 October
2009 to 5 November 2009, 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

Chua’s 2nd Affidavit at para 6

relying on Woo Bih Li J’s decision in MCST Plan No 2827 v GBI Realty Pte Ltd
[2014] 3 SLR 229. However, Woo J’s remarks at [27] and [28] on the date of
site inspections being the latest date the damage would have come into
existence were made in the context of deciding when an action in tort had
accrued. The Plaintiff’s position was clearly untenable when the relevant date
to be determined here was the date of breach for an action framed in contract,
which would not be based on the date when the damage occurred but on the date
of the breach itself.

32 In the present case, several possible dates could be taken as the latest
date of accrual of the additional subsidiary proprietors’ actions in contract
for building defects:

(a) the date of issuance of the TOP by the Commissioner of Building Control
(“Commissioner”);

(b) the date of service of the NVP by Mer Vue to the original purchasers; or

(c) the date of issuance of the CSC by the Commissioner, i.e. the date of
legal completion.

33 Clearly, the alleged contractual breaches of design and construction duties
would necessarily have occurred during the design and construction phases of
the development process, before the issuance of TOP, NVP or CSC. The
performance of the contractual duties of supervision of the design and
construction by Mer Vue, including the performance of the contractual
obligations of the design and construction by Mer Vue’s own contractors would
have been over by the time the TOP, NVP or CSC was obtained. However, the date
that the TOP was granted would probably be the last conceivable date of the
alleged contractual breaches by Mer Vue and thus could be taken as the latest
possible date of accrual of the contractual actions by the additional
subsidiary proprietors. NVPs are issued by developers after TOPs are granted,
and are usually close to, but still possibly after, the TOP date.

34 Here, the TOP for the Development was issued in two stages on or about the
same dates the NVPs were issued to the original purchasers by Mer Vue: on 22
April 2008 and 28 May 2008. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

Tan’s Affidavit at para 16

These were clearly more than six years before 30 June 2015 (the date on which
the Plaintiff filed its application to amend the F&BPs in SUM 3193). Even if I
were to take the Plaintiff’s case at its highest and considered either the
date of legal completion on 24 December 2008 or the date of the expiry of the
12 months defects liability period (that began after the issuance of NVP and
would have ended by April and May 2009) as relevant, the limitation period
would still have expired before the date of the Plaintiff’s application on 30
June 2015.

35 Thus, the additional subsidiary proprietors’ actions framed in contract
were time-barred under Section 24A(3)(a) of the LA, as it had been more than
six years (on 30 June 2015) after the alleged contractual causes of actions
first accrued.

Section 24A(3)(b) of the LA: requisite knowledge present when alleged defects
were identified

36 Under Section 24A(3)(b) of the LA, the proposed additional subsidiary
proprietors’ actions in contract were still time-barred as it had been more
than three years from when I found requisite knowledge to be present. Sections
24A(3)(b), (4) and (5) read as follows:

(3) An action to which this section applies, other than one referred to in
subsection (2), shall not be brought after the expiration of the period of —

(b) 3 years from the earliest date on which the plaintiff or any person in
whom the cause of action was vested before him first had both the knowledge
required for bringing an action for damages in respect of the relevant damage
and a right to bring such an action, if that period expires later than the
period mentioned in paragraph (a).

(4) In subsections (2) and (3), the knowledge required for bringing an action
for damages in respect of the relevant injury or damage (as the case may be)
means knowledge —

(a) that the injury or damage was attributable in whole or in part to the act
or omission which is alleged to constitute negligence, nuisance or breach of
duty;

(b) of the identity of the defendant;

(c) if it is alleged that the act or omission was that of a person other than
the defendant, of the identity of that person and the additional facts
supporting the bringing of an action against the defendant; and

(d) of material facts about the injury or damage which would lead a reasonable
person who had suffered such injury or damage to consider it sufficiently
serious to justify his instituting proceedings for damages against a defendant
who did not dispute liability and was able to satisfy a judgment.

(5) Knowledge that any act or omission did or did not, as a matter of law,
involve negligence, nuisance or breach of duty is irrelevant for the purposes
of subsections (2) and (3).

37 The Court of Appeal in Lian Kok Hong at [42] summarised the applicable
principles as to the requisite knowledge under Section 24A(4), and I can do no
better than to reproduce them as follows:

(a) First, in respect of s 24A(4)(a) read with s 24A(5), viz, attributability,
the claimant need not know the details of what went wrong, and it is wholly
irrelevant whether he appreciated that what went wrong amounted in law to
negligence, as long he knew or might reasonably have known of the factual
essence of his complaint.

(b) Second, the requirements under ss 24A(4)(b) and 24A(4)(c) as to the
identity of the defendant or otherwise, which we have not elaborated on above
because of their relative simplicity, should be addressed when appropriate.

(c) Third, in relation to s 24A(4)(d), the material facts referred to need not
relate to the specific cause of action, and the assumptions as to the
defendant not disputing his liability and his ability to satisfy a judgment,
coupled with the requirement of “sufficient seriousness”, must be read to mean
that the case must be one sufficiently serious for someone to actually invoke
the court process given these assumptions.

(d) Finally, conditioning the above is the degree of knowledge required under
paras (a) to (c), and this does not mean knowing for certain and beyond the
possibility of contradiction.

38 According to the Plaintiff’s Statement of Claim, it was admitted that the
majority of the alleged defects that they had pleaded were identified “almost
immediately” after their 1st Annual General Meeting on 12 July 2009, with the
alleged defects “photographed and verified within approximately three months”,
ie, by 11 October 2009. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

SOC at para 4

Clearly, the subsidiary proprietors would know by then the “factual essence of
their complaint”. It was irrelevant whether they had appreciated that what
went wrong amounted to a breach of Mer Vue’s duties as a matter of law.
Identifying and claiming alleged defects—what more, photographing and
recording them—certainly constituted the requisite knowledge under Section
24A(3)(b) in relation to the type and content of knowledge required. As for
the degree of knowledge, I was satisfied that, by mid-October 2009, the extent
of knowledge the subsidiary proprietors had was more than reasonable to start
time running.

39 Even if I were to take the requisite knowledge to only vest in the
subsidiary proprietors after the Plaintiff’s expert completed his Inspection
Report on 19 November 2009 (for which site inspections were undertaken from 29
October 2009 to 5 November 2009), much more than three years had since passed
(by 30 June 2015) and the actions in contract would still be time-barred under
Section 24A(3)(b) of the LA.

Implications of claims being time-barred

40 Thus, I disallowed the Plaintiff’s application to amend under O 20 r 5(1)
of the ROC since the limitation with respect to the underlying contractual
claims had already set in for the additional subsidiary proprietors. This also
comported with what the Court of Appeal in Seasons Park (at [27]) had
envisaged in relation to applications to amend pleadings to reflect the names
of subsidiary proprietors on whose behalf a management corporation sues:

Accordingly, it seems to us that unless limitation has set in, there is much
to be said in favour of the court granting leave to the appellant to amend the
pleadings to properly set out the basis of its claim in contract [by
identifying the subsidiary proprietors on whose behalf the appellant was
suing], so that the trial of both causes, in contract, as well as in tort, can
proceed together as the evidence will be common to both causes. It would not
make much sense, if limitation has not set in, to compel the appellant, or the
individual subsidiary proprietors with a claim in contract, to institute a
fresh action. It would clearly be inexpedient to try the remaining portion of
the present action, which is in tort, separately from the new action in
contract to be instituted, as the evidence will be common to both. [emphasis
added]

41 Once the limitation period for the contractual claims had expired, I would
have no power and discretion to allow an amendment under O 20 r 5(1) unless it
can be brought under O 20 rr 5(3), 5(4) or (5) read with 5(2). I also noted,
for completeness, that the proposed amendments did not fall under any of the
three exclusive situations in O 20 rr 5(3), 5(4) or 5(5) read with r 5(2).

42 Lastly, I found the explanation (or the lack thereof) provided by the
Plaintiff for its delay in filing the application highly unsatisfactory. Among
the letters of authorisation signed by the additional subsidiary proprietors
that were dated, the earliest were obtained in 2010, with the majority signed
by March or April in 2014 and the latest signed on 23 June 2014. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

Chua’s 1st Affidavit at p 47

There were no convincing reasons offered to explain why it had taken the
Plaintiff one whole year to make its application to reflect these additional
subsidiary proprietors. It was also very curious that more than 80 of the
additional letters of authorisation were undated. Further, three letters of
authorisation included were actually signed by subsidiary proprietors that had
already been listed in the Plaintiff’s F&BPs filed earlier on 31 October 2011,
with their letters of authorisations dated after the fact in 2014. Specific
authorisation was required from each original purchaser that had a cause of
action in contract, as it cannot be assumed that original purchasers would
ipso facto wish to sue in contract just because they have the right to: see
Seasons Park at [20]. Thus, authorisation should be obtained from each
original purchaser before management corporations can claim and demonstrate
that they are representing and suing on behalf of these subsidiary proprietors
pursuant to Section 85(1) of the BMSMA.

Conclusion

43 The appeal against AR Chong’s decision in SUM 3193 was thus dismissed, with
costs fixed at $3,500 (inclusive of disbursements) awarded to the 1st
Defendant.

Postscript

44 I note that the decision in Geocon Piling has since been affirmed on appeal
in Multistar Holdings Ltd v Geocon Piling & Engineering Pte Ltd [2016] SGCA 1,
with the Court of Appeal issuing grounds of decision to clarify certain
aspects of the trial judge’s reasoning. For the avoidance of doubt, I did not
consider the reasoning in these grounds in reaching my decision on the matter.
The principles explored by the Court of Appeal on what constitutes a “cause of
action” were not in play in this case. Nonetheless, I note that the Court of
Appeal’s remarks at [61]–[68] in relation to the absence of unfettered
discretion under O 20 r 5(1) of the ROC in circumstances where limitation has
set in is in line with its previous holding inLim Yong Swan which I have
followed here.

Chan Seng Onn  
Judge

Samuel Seow, Kelvin Chia and Jolene Lim (Samuel Seow Law Corporation) for the
plaintiff;  
Christopher Chuah, Nikki Ngiam, Ng Pei Yin and Jasmine Low (WongPartnership
LLP) for the first defendant.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 16 Dec 2021 (20:13 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

