Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the

[2016] SGHC 01

Originating Summons No 740 of 2015

(Summons No 4242 of 2015 — Registrar’s Appeal No 279 of 2015)

Between

| Mount Eastern Holdings Resources Co., Limited  
---|---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

| H&C S Holdings Pte Ltd  
---|---  
  
… Defendant

Originating Summons No 870 of 2015

Between

| H&C S Holdings Pte Ltd  
---|---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

| Mount Eastern Holdings Resources Co., Limited  
---|---  
  
… Defendant

grounds of decision

[Arbitration]—[award]—[recourse against award]—[setting aside]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Mount Eastern Holdings Resources Co., Limited

  
v

  

H&C S Holdings Pte Ltd and another matter

  

[2016] SGHC 01

High Court — Originating Summons No 740 of 2015 (Summons No 4242 of 2015 —
Registrar’s Appeal No 279 of 2015) and Originating Summons No 870 of 2015  
Quentin Loh J  
29 October 2015

12 January 2016

Quentin Loh J

Introduction

1 This case concerned two applications in relation to an arbitration award
(“the Award”). First, the plaintiff in Originating Summons No 740 of 2015 (“OS
740/2015”), Mount Eastern Holdings Resources Co Limited (“Mount Eastern”), who
prevailed in the arbitration, sought and obtained leave to enforce the Award
as a judgment under s 19 of the International Arbitration Act (Cap 143A, 2002
Rev Ed) against the defendant, H&C S Holdings Pte Ltd (“H&C”). H&C applied for
an extension of time to set aside the ex parte order granting leave to enforce
the Award as a judgment. The Assistant Registrar (“AR Tan”) refused to grant
the extension of time. Registrar’s Appeal No 279 of 2015 (“RA 279/2015”) was
an appeal against AR Tan’s decision. Second, Originating Summons No 870 of
2015 (“OS 870/2015”) was an application by H&C to set aside the Award.

2 Having heard the parties, I dismissed OS 870/2015 as there were no valid
grounds for setting aside the Award. Consequently, I dismissed RA 279/2015 on
the basis that no valid grounds had been put forward for an extension of time.
Costs was awarded against H&C in the fixed sum of $18,000 all in for both RA
279/2015 and OS 870/2015. Additionally, I ordered that the monies paid into
court by H&C be paid out in favour of Mount Eastern’s solicitors. H&C also
made an oral application for a stay of enforcement pending a potential appeal
against my decision and I refused the stay. H&C has since filed a notice of
appeal against my decisions and I now set out my detailed grounds.

Background

3 Mount Eastern and H&C entered into two agreements. The first was for the
former to supply iron ore to the latter, which was to be performed in July
2013 (“the July Contract”). The second was for the latter to supply iron ore
to the former, which was to be performed in August 2013 (“the August
Contract”). 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

The Award, Respondent’s bundle of documents Tab 2, XHL-1, at paras 5–6.

The focus of the present dispute was on the August Contract although I note
that there are also disputes under the July Contract which are presently the
subject of ongoing arbitral proceedings.

4 Under the August Contract, H&C was obliged to deliver 90,000 wet metric
tonnes of iron ore to Mount Eastern. It is undisputed that such delivery was
never made. As a result, Mount Eastern commenced arbitral proceedings against
H&C for a claim for contractual damages pursuant to cl 13.1.1 of the August
Contract. Clause 13.1.1 provided as follows:

13.1.1 Unless excused by Buyer’s failure to perform, if Seller fails to
deliver all or part of the Quantity pursuant to a Transaction in accordance
with this Agreement (a “Seller’s Deficiency”), Seller shall pay Buyer, an
amount for each tonne of the Seller’s Deficiency equal to the positive
difference, if any, obtained by subtracting the Base Price from the
Replacement Price. “Replacement Price” means the price at which Buyer, in view
of its obligation to take any and all reasonable steps to mitigate its losses
and always acting in a commercially reasonable manner, purchases substitute
Iron Ore in an amount and quality and on the same Delivery Basis equivalent to
the Seller’s Deficiency (plus incremental costs, including without limitation
additional transport charges, if any, incurred by Buyer, or incurred by Buyer
as a result of taking delivery of substitute Iron Ore) or, absent a purchase,
the market price for such quantity and quality of Iron Ore, on the same
Delivery Basis at such Load Port or Discharge Port (as applicable), as
determined by Buyer in a commercially reasonable manner.

[emphasis in original]

5 Before the arbitral tribunal, H&C relied on several defences. For present
purposes, the material line of defence was that Mount Eastern was required to
establish an anticipatory breach of the contract before it could claim for
damages and that anticipatory breach had not been pleaded by Mount Eastern.
This argument was premised on cl 14.2 of the August Contract which stipulated:

14.2 If an Event of Default occurs with respect to a Party, or, where
applicable any Credit Support Provider of such Party (the “Defaulting Party”),
at any time during the term of this Agreement, then so long as the Event of
Default is subsisting, uncured and unwaived at the time of giving notice, the
other Party (“Non-Defaulting Party”) may, in its sole discretion, terminate at
its option either (a) any Transaction(s) the Defaulting Party’s breach of
which has given rise to an Event of Default or (b) all Transactions hereunder
by giving Notice in Writing to the Defaulting Party and specifying a date
(which date shall be no earlier than the date that such notice is given to the
Defaulting Party and no later than twenty (20) Working Days thereafter)
(“Early Termination Date”) after which no further payments or deliveries shall
be required to be made in respect of the terminated Transactions, and instead
one Party shall pay an amount calculated in accordance with this clause 14
(“Termination Amount”) to the other Party within seven (7) Working Days of its
notification by Notice in Writing to the Defaulting Party. On or as soon as is
reasonably practicable after the Early Termination Date the Non-Defaulting
Party shall calculate the Termination Amount in accordance with the following
provisions of clause 14, and shall provide the Defaulting Party with a
statement showing the quantum of Termination Amount, its method of calculation
and including all relevant quotations used therein.

[emphasis in original]

6 On 18 June 2015, the tribunal rendered the Award in which it rejected the
various defences mounted by H&C and ordered H&C to pay Mount Eastern
contractual damages of US$1,527,660, costs of US$188,417.40 (ie, legal fees,
expert fees and disbursements) and the administrative costs of the SIAC and
the tribunal’s fees which amounted to $145,593.04.

7 Thereafter, Mount Eastern commenced OS 740/2015 for leave to enforce the
Award. Leave was granted by the High Court but no payment was forthcoming from
H&C. Instead, just before the 14-day time period to file an application to set
aside the order expired, H&C filed Summons No 4242 of 2015 (“SUM 4242/2015”)
seeking an extension of time for the filing and service for an application to
set aside the Award. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Respondent’s written submissions, at paras 13–14.

8 As noted above, SUM 4242/2015 was heard by AR Tan on 16 September 2015 who
dismissed H&C’s application for an extension of time. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Respondent’s written submissions, at para 16.

This resulted in the commencement of RA 279/2015.

9 The very next day, H&C filed OS 870/2015 on an ex parte basis to set aside
the Award. Following from this, Mount Eastern commenced enforcement
proceedings on 28 September 2015 by way of filing Summonses for Garnishee
Orders to Show Cause against banks with which H&C had accounts with.
Provisional garnishee orders against 11 banks were awarded by the High Court.
4

##### Foot Note 4

×

Respondent’s written submissions, at para 20.

10 H&C then filed Summons No 4956 of 2015 to set aside the garnishee orders
and Summons No 4969 of 2015 to seek a stay of enforcement. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

Respondent’s written submissions, at para 23.

On 16 October 2015, another Assistant Registrar (“AR Ho”) dismissed both of
H&C’s applications but directed that if it was willing to pay the sums of
US$1,716,077.40 and $145,593.04 into Court, the garnishee orders would be
discharged. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

HC/ORC 6800/2015.

H&C duly complied and the garnishee orders were discharged as a result. AR Ho
gave further directions for Mount Eastern to apply for any order of payment
out of these sums held in court after the determination of OS 870/2015.

11 At the hearing before me, the parties agreed that OS 870/2015 should be
heard before RA 279/2015 as the strength of H&C’s case in the former may have
a bearing on the latter. I agreed with that sequence and heard OS 870/2015
first.

OS 870/2015

The parties’ arguments

H&C

12 In OS 870/2015, H&C set out three grounds for setting aside the Award
pursuant to s 24(b) of the International Arbitration Act: first, that the
tribunal had granted Mount Eastern an award that was not specifically pleaded
(“the Pleadings Issue”); secondly, that the tribunal had failed to give H&C a
fair hearing (“the Fair Hearing Issue”); and thirdly, that there was a breach
of natural justice. From their submissions, it was clear to me that H&C was
proceeding on the basis that success on either or both of the Pleadings Issue
and Fair Hearing Issue would establish a breach of natural justice, which
would render the Award liable to be set aside.

13 With respect to the Pleadings Issue, H&C argued that through the Statement
of Case (“the SOC”) in the arbitral proceedings, Mount Eastern had claimed
that the August Contract had been terminated pursuant to cl 13.1.1 of the
Contract. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

Timothy Ethan Chan Huang Chiang’s affidavit dated 17 September 2015 (“Chan’s
Affidavit”), at para 5.

However, the only avenue for termination was that of the procedure found in cl
14.2 of the August Contract whereby Mount Eastern would have to convert a
breach by H&C into a defaulting event. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

Chan’s Affidavit, at para 6.

Mount Eastern’s failure to rely on the procedure encapsulated in cl 14.2 and
its failure to even plead cl 14.2 meant that its claim for damages had to
fail. Additionally, according to H&C, the date of performance of the August
Contract was 31 August 2013. By relying on events which pre-dated 31 August
2013 to establish termination, Mount Eastern was required to plead
anticipatory breach, which it failed to do. The Tribunal, in deciding in
favour of Mount Eastern, had therefore determined matters which fell outside
of Mount Eastern’s pleaded case.

14 As for the Fair Hearing Issue, H&C contended that because the tribunal had
concluded that “the establishment of the termination of the August Contract as
pleaded in [18] of the [SOC] is not crucial to the Claimant’s claim for
damages”, it raised the question as to whether the issue had even been
considered by the tribunal. According to H&C’s counsel, Mr Manoj Nandwani, the
tribunal’s conclusion in this regard did not sit well with the opportunity to
be heard.

Mount Eastern

15 With respect to the Pleadings Issue, Mount Eastern’s position was that the
damages in the Award had been awarded on a claim that was fully pleaded in the
SOC. Mount Eastern had pleaded and had always based its claim for damages on
cl 13.1 of the August Contract. H&C was fully cognisant of the existence of
this claim and had specifically responded to this point of pleading in its
Statement of Defence (“the Defence”). 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

Respondent’s written submissions, at [43]–[46].

Further, although Mount Eastern did state in its SOC that it had terminated
the August Contract, its claim did not depend on such termination. Therefore,
even if the proper procedure for termination was that which was stipulated in
cl 14.2, Mount Eastern did not have to rely on it nor did it have to plead it
to successfully establish its claim for damages.

16 As for the Fair Hearing Issue, counsel for Mount Eastern, Mr Daniel Chia,
went into some detail as to how the arguments were presented to the tribunal
(see below at [21]) and submitted that H&C had been given a fair opportunity
to be heard. The tribunal had duly considered H&C’s arguments before
concluding that the question of termination was not crucial to Mount Eastern’s
claim for damages.

17 Accordingly, there had been no breach of natural justice.

My Decision

18 The law with respect to the setting aside of an international arbitral
award on the ground of breach of natural justice is well-established and
settled. In Soh Beng Tee & Co Pte Ltd v Fairmount Development Pte Ltd [2007] 3
SLR(R) 86, the Court of Appeal affirmed (at [29]) that a party challenging an
arbitration award as having contravened the rules of natural justice must
establish: (a) which rule of natural justice was breached; (b) how it was
breached; (c) in what way the breach was connected to the making of the award;
and (d) how the breach prejudiced its rights.

19 The Court of Appeal further endorsed the view (at [43]) that the essence of
the two pillars of natural justice is first, the principle of nemo judex in
causa sua (ie, an adjudicator must be disinterested and biased), and secondly,
the principle of audi alteram partem (ie, parties must be given adequate
notice and an opportunity to be heard). H&C’s challenge is mounted on the
second principle. Having specified the rule of natural justice which was
alleged to have been breached, I considered whether there had in fact been
such a breach. In my view, there was none and this was ultimately fatal to
H&C’s application.

The Pleadings Issue

20 With respect to the Pleadings Issue, I found that the tribunal did not
decide on issues which had not been pleaded. H&C’s argument that Mount Eastern
should have pleaded anticipatory breach and a reliance on cl 14.2 to justify
its claim for damages was, in my view, without merit.

21 In the course of his submissions, Mr Chia helpfully detailed the sequence
of events and the relevant arguments which had been raised throughout the
course of the arbitral proceedings. I summarise them as follows:

(a) The gist of Mount Eastern’s claim for damages was encapsulated at
paragraph 22 of the SOC which placed reliance only on cl 13.1 of the August
Contract. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

Statement of Case of Claimant, Respondent’s bundle of documents Tab 9, TEC-2
at p 10.

(b) There was a reference to Mount Eastern having terminated the August
Contract at paragraph 18 of the SOC.

(c) In the Defence, H&C replied directly to paragraph 22 of the SOC,
acknowledging that paragraph 22 “merely summarises Clause 13.1 of the 2nd
Contract” and stating that “[s]ave as expressly pleaded herein, [H&C] does not
admit paragraph 22 of the [SOC] and [H&C] puts [Mount Eastern] to strict
proof”. Clause 14.2 did not feature at all in the Defence.

(d) Clause 14.2 was first alluded to in the opening statement of Mr Peter
Gabriel, counsel for H&C in the arbitral proceedings. Mr Gabriel submitted
that even “if there was [a] breach, they did not call it a breach in
accordance with the contract. They did not call it an event of default. They
did not give notice of the termination.” 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

Christine Ong’s affidavit, 28 October 2015 (“Christine Ong’s Affidavit”), at p
51.

(e) Following from this, during the closing submissions, counsel for Mount
Eastern emphasised that Mount Eastern’s claim was premised on cl 13.1.1 of the
August Contract (he had also stated the same in his opening statement). 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

Claimant’s reply closing submissions, Respondent’s bundle of documents Tab 21,
at pp 128–129.

(f) In Mr Gabriel’s closing submissions, he detailed the argument that because
Mount Eastern had failed to give notice of an Event of Default to H&C, cl 14.2
had not been triggered and accordingly, no cause of action had crystallised in
favour of Mount Eastern against H&C. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

Respondent’s closing submissions, Respondent’s bundle of documents Tab 21, at
pp 90–93.

22 It was against this aforementioned backdrop that the tribunal concluded as
follows:

55\. On this issue, the Respondent submits that the Claimant’s claim should be
dismissed as there is no plea of anticipatory breach by the Claimant. The
Respondent’s arguments appear to proceed on the basis that the Claimant has
pleaded at [18] of its Statement of Case that … the Claimant accepted that the
August Contract was terminated and demanded compensation by way of Mr Shen’s
email of 30 August 2013. As the last date for performance of the August
Contract was 31 August 2013 and not 30 August 2013, the Claimant’s termination
of the August Contract could only succeed on the basis of an anticipatory
breach before the last day of performance on 31 August 2013. … Since the
Claimant has failed to plea anticipatory breach, its claim must fail.

56\. The Claimant’s primary response is that its claim is a straightforward
claim for breach of the August Contract, to be assessed in accordance with
Clause 13.1.1 …

57 As the Respondent as Seller had failed to load the contractual cargo … and
deliver or enable delivery to occur, the Respondent’s failure amounted to a
Seller Deficiency … and the Claimant is entitled to damages. As such the
establishment of the termination of the August Contract as pleaded in [18] of
the Statement of Case is not crucial to the Claimant’s claim for damages.

58\. The Tribunal has carefully considered the submissions made by both
Parties and has reviewed the pleadings in relation to this issue. Although the
Claimant did plead the termination of the August Contract in [18] of the
Statement of Case … the Tribunal finds that the crux of the Claimant’s claim
for damages is contained in [22] of the Statement of Case …

59\. As such, the plea of termination and whether the Claimant relied on an
anticipatory breach of the August Contract are not crucial ingredients for the
Claimant’s claim for damages. In this regard, the Tribunal disagrees with the
Respondent’s submission on this issue and finds that there is no basis to
dismiss the Claimant’s claim on the ground that there is no plea of
anticipatory breach in either the Statement of Case or Statement of Reply.

[emphasis added]

23 From the above, it is clear that the tribunal did not reach its
determination on the basis of unpleaded issues. Rather, the tribunal had
concluded that while Mount Eastern’s purported termination of the August
Contract did form part of the factual matrix surrounding its claim for
damages, the crux of its pleaded case was that H&C had failed to fulfil its
contractual obligations and this entitled Mount Eastern to damages pursuant to
cl 13.1.1 of the August Contract. Simply put, Mount Eastern pleaded its case
on the basis of cl 13.1.1 and the tribunal applied this exact clause to reach
its decision, and held that there was no need for Mount Eastern to plead or
rely on anticipatory breach or cl 14.2 of the August Contract to support its
claim. Even if the tribunal was wrong on its construction of or conclusions in
relation to cl 13.1.1 and cl 14.2 (a view with which I cannot in any case
agree), that is clearly not a ground on which a court is entitled to set aside
the Award. Further, Mr Chia’s submission – that in any case, if H&C was
seeking to invoke reliance on cl 14.2 to defeat Mount Eastern’s claim, this is
a point which was not pleaded in their Defence, is one that is not without
insignificant weight. However as noted above, the tribunal in any event did
deal with H&C’s submissions on this point.

24 In my judgment, there was therefore no basis for H&C to allege a breach of
natural justice on the ground that the tribunal had considered an issue
outside the pleadings.

The Fair Hearing Issue

25 With respect to the Fair Hearing Issue, I similarly found that H&C’s
allegations were wholly unmeritorious. It was evident from paragraphs 58 to 59
of the Award (see [22] above) that the tribunal had given due consideration to
the objections raised by H&C. In fact, as was brought to my attention by Mr
Chia, towards the end of the hearing, the tribunal gave an opportunity for
counsel to make oral submissions on the appropriate date for assessing
damages. Mr Simon Milnes, counsel for Mount Eastern in the arbitral
proceedings, emphasised at that point that Mount Eastern’s case centred on cl
13.1.1 of the August Contract. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

Christine Ong’s Affidavit, at p 343.

When the tribunal gave Mr Gabriel an opportunity to respond, he indicated that
he would reply in his written submissions. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

Christine Ong’s Affidavit, at p 354.

True to his indication, in his closing written submissions, Mr Gabriel went
into some detail as to how Mount Eastern’s failure to plead anticipatory
breach and its failure to rely on cl 14.2 of the August Contract to establish
termination were fatal to its claim for damages. The tribunal dealt squarely
with this issue in its Award, and as reproduced above, concluded that “the
plea of termination and whether the Claimant relied on an anticipatory breach
of the August Contract are not crucial ingredients for the Claimant’s claim
for damages”.

26 The crux of H&C’s objection was that by concluding that the question of
termination was not crucial to Mount Eastern’s claim for damages, the tribunal
failed to properly consider this issue. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

Minute Sheet of Quentin Loh J, 29 October 2015, at p 6.

With respect, I found this to be a baffling proposition. It was clear that the
tribunal had given consideration to H&C’s objections and simply reached a
different view from what was advocated by H&C. It seemed to me that the real
reason behind H&C’s dissatisfaction was its view that the tribunal had erred
in reaching its conclusion. Even if H&C was right that the Tribunal had erred
in its interpretation of the August Contract, that is a question on the merits
and was not something which I was entitled to scrutinise.

27 Accordingly, I found that there had been no breach of natural justice and I
dismissed H&C’s application in OS 870/2015.

RA 279/2015

28 Having dismissed OS 870/2015, I similarly dismissed H&C’s appeal in RA
279/2015. Quite apart from the fact that the setting aside application was
wholly unmeritorious, H&C was unable to provide a satisfactory reason as to
why an extension of time should be granted.

29 In the hearing before me, Mr Nandwani argued that it was necessary to seek
an extension of time because H&C’s representative was overseas and there was
difficulty in getting instructions. In my view, this did not amount to a
satisfactory reason for the delay. If the representative was able to give
instructions to counsel to seek an extension of time, the representative could
surely have given instructions for counsel to apply for the setting aside of
the registration of the Award as well. To Mr Nandwani’s credit, he appeared to
recognise the difficulty of this argument and did not belabour the point.

Conclusion

30 Having dismissed both OS 870/2015 and RA 279/2015, I awarded costs to Mount
Eastern at the fixed sum of $18,000 all in for both OS 870/2015 and RA
279/2015 and ordered that the monies paid into court by H&C be paid out to
Mount Eastern’s solicitors. I also dismissed H&C’s oral application to stay
enforcement pending an appeal as again it provided no good reason for me to do
so. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

Minute Sheet of Quentin Loh J, 29 October 2015, at p 10.

H&C sought to argue that because Mount Eastern is a BVI company, it had no
other assets and that because its owner, Mr Ma Xia Jun had previously been
arrested in China for fraud, there was a risk that it would not be able to
recover the monies paid out should it succeed on appeal. Additionally, H&C
alleged that Mount Eastern had an outstanding debt of more than USD$3 million.
18

##### Foot Note 18

×

Minute Sheet of Quentin Loh J, 29 October 2015, at pp 11–12.

I noted, however, that Mr Kevin Xu, who is the Vice-General Manager of Mount
Eastern, had affirmed an affidavit stating that there were no major debts or
claims against Mount Eastern. While Mount Eastern sought to take issue with
the fact that it was Mr Xu, and not Mr Ma, who had produced an affidavit, I
was of the view that this was not a relevant objection. The present dispute
concerned Mount Eastern as a separate legal entity, and not Mr Ma. It was
therefore sufficient that the Vice-General Manager (ie, Mr Xu) had affirmed
that Mount Eastern was not labouring under any major debts.

31 Additionally, Mr Chia informed me that Mount Eastern had still been trading
with counterparties as late as September 2015 and that he had shown email
exchanges to AR Ho in SUM 4969/2015 to support this position. These emails,
however, were not put in an affidavit as they pertained to confidential
information. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

Minute Sheet of Quentin Loh J, 29 October 2015, at p 11.

32 In the circumstances, I found that there was no good reason to allow a stay
of enforcement pending an appeal and I accordingly dismissed H&C’s oral
application.

Quentin Loh  
Judge

Daniel Chia and Ker Yanguang (Morgan Lewis Stamford LLC) for the plaintiff in
OS 740/2015 and the defendant in 0S 870/2015;  
Manoj Nandwani and Christine Ong (Gabriel Law Corporation) for the defendant
in OS 740/2015 and the plaintiff in OS 870/2015.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 16 Dec 2021 (20:13 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

