Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the court OF APPEAL of the republic of singapore

[2016] SGCA 2

Civil Appeal No 64 of 2015

Between

ATE  
---  
  
… Appellant

And

ATD  
---  
  
… Respondent

Civil Appeal No 65 of 2015

Between

ATD  
---  
  
… Appellant

And

ATE  
---  
  
… Respondent

In the matter of Divorce Transfer No 1693 of 2013

Between

ATD  
---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

ATE  
---  
  
… Defendant

grounds of decision

[Family law] — [Matrimonial assets] — [Division]

[Family law] — [Maintenance] — [Wife]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
ATE

  
v

  

ATD

  
and another appeal

[2016] SGCA 2

Court of Appeal — Civil Appeals Nos 64 and 65 of 2015  
Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA, Judith Prakash J and Steven Chong J  
26 November 2015

15 January 2016

Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA (delivering the grounds of decision of the court):

Introduction

1 These were appeals by both the defendant (“the Husband”) and the plaintiff
(“the Wife”) against the decision of the High Court judge (“the Judge”) in ATD
v ATE [2015] SGHC 131 (“the GD”). The Husband appealed in Civil Appeal No 64
of 2015 (“CA 64/2015”) against the decision of the Judge that he pay the Wife
a sum of $36,000 (as a matter of division of assets) and that he pay the Wife
nominal maintenance of $1 per month. The Wife appealed in Civil Appeal No 65
of 2015 (“CA 65/2015”) against the decision of the Judge that the net sale
proceeds of the matrimonial home in the sum of $186,097.51 were to be divided
equally between the parties and that the Husband should pay her a sum of
$36,000.

2 We allowed both appeals in part. In particular, we ordered that the Husband
pay the Wife a sum of $63,000 instead. We also rescinded the Judge’s order
that the Husband pay the Wife nominal maintenance of $1 per month. Further, we
made no order as to costs and made the usual consequential orders. We now give
the detailed grounds for our decision.

The facts and decision in the court below

Background

3 The parties were married on 28 March 2008. Their only child, a daughter
(“the Child”), was born on 5 April 2011. The Wife had applied for divorce on 5
April 2013, on the Child’s second birthday, and Interim Judgment was granted
on 18 September 2013. The parties agreed to have joint custody of the Child
with care and control to the Wife and reasonable access to the Husband. The
Husband is presently paying monthly maintenance of $1,300 for the Child.

4 Both the Husband and the Wife are well educated and in well paid employment.
Based on the Notice of Assessment for 2013, the Wife’s gross monthly income
was $10,185.08 while the Husband’s income was $8,012.50.

5 The matrimonial home was purchased by the Wife, the Husband and the
Husband’s mother. $560,000, which amounted to half of the purchase price, was
contributed by the Husband’s mother. The remaining $560,000 was contributed by
the Husband and the Wife through repayments to a mortgage loan.

6 The sale of the matrimonial home was completed on 3 April 2013. The
Husband’s mother’s share is no longer in the picture as the parties have
settled her claim out of court. This left a sum of $186,097.51 as the net sale
proceeds of the matrimonial home less the monies paid out to the Husband’s
mother.

The Judge’s decision

7 The Judge considered that the pool of matrimonial assets included the net
sale proceeds of the matrimonial home valued at $186,097.51 and the sums in
the parties’ respective CPF accounts as well as their various bank accounts.
These other assets – the sums in the parties’ CPF and bank accounts – amounted
to $1,147,351.85 (at [38] of the GD). A number of assets were excluded from
the pool by the Judge. Amongst the assets excluded (by their mutual agreement)
were the parties’ present residences. The total size of the matrimonial pool,
including the net sale proceeds of the matrimonial home, was therefore
$1,333,449.36.

8 The Judge first dealt with the net sale proceeds of the matrimonial home as
a separate class from the other assets in the pool. The Judge found that –
leaving aside the Husband’s mother’s payment of half the purchase price – the
parties contributed equally both to the repayments to the matrimonial home as
well as the outgoings of the home. The Judge therefore awarded each party half
of the net sale proceeds of $186,097.51.

9 In so far as the other assets were concerned, the Judge found that neither
party had at the outset given full disclosure, though the Wife did
subsequently give better discovery than the Husband. The Husband had not
produced updated documents relating to his emoluments and his latest tax
assessments at the ancillaries hearing, which took place more than 15 months
after parties had filed their initial affidavits of assets and means. In
particular, the Husband had failed to produce his income tax assessment for
the year of assessment 2014, during which time he had been promoted to his
current position of Associate Director. Both parties also had a tendency to
inflate their expenses. The Judge also noted that the Husband was calculating
and that generosity was not part of his nature. She therefore found it
unlikely that he had contributed more than his share of expenses.

10 In light of the above, the Judge ordered the Husband to transfer $36,000 to
the Wife, which was the rounded up figure of 15% of the Husband’s surplus
assets of $239,334.59. The Judge indicated that this was to take into account
both the drawing of an adverse inference against the Husband and the Wife’s
indirect contributions as a wife and mother.

11 Finally, to avoid exacerbating the acrimonious relationship between the
parties further, the Judge ordered that each party should bear their own costs
(at [41] of the GD).

12 To recapitulate, the Judge’s orders were as follows:

(a) The net sale proceeds of the matrimonial home in the sum of $186,097.51
were to be divided equally between the parties.

(b) The Husband was to pay the Wife a sum of $36,000.

(c) The parties were to retain all other assets in their respective names and
possession.

(d) The Husband was to pay the Wife maintenance of $1 per month.

(e) The parties were to bear their own costs of the proceedings.

13 As we have mentioned at the outset, the Husband appealed against the orders
listed at (b) and (d) above, whilst the Wife appealed against the orders
listed at (a) and (b) above.

Our decision

The order for division of matrimonial assets

14 We turn first to the manner in which the Judge divided the matrimonial
assets. In effect, the Judge had divided the matrimonial assets largely along
the lines of the direct contributions of the parties (as she had found),
except that the Husband was to pay the Wife an additional $36,000. This award
of $36,000 was largely premised on the fact that the Husband had failed to
disclose all his assets (see the GD at [36]–[40]). Although we increased the
amount payable by the Husband to the Wife from $36,000 to $63,000, our reasons
for varying the amount payable were premised on a wholly different legal basis
than that adopted by the Judge in the court below. Put simply, we increased
the amount payable by the Husband to the Wife to reflect more accurately the
Wife’s indirect contributions. In our view, the award made in the court below
suggested, in fact, the opposite: that the Husband’s indirect contributions
were weightier. This is not surprising as the Judge had – as we have just
pointed out – arrived at the award payable by the Husband to the Wife by way
of a completely different legal basis altogether, although in fairness to the
Judge, she did recognise that the Wife did make indirect contributions as a
wife and mother (see the GD at [39]).

15 To begin, we considered the arguments of the parties in relation to the
size of the matrimonial pool. As already noted, the parties’ present
residences were excluded by agreement from division. On appeal, the Husband
argued that the numbers were unfair because he had purchased his new flat on 3
April 2014. As his relevant documents were disclosed at an earlier date, this
meant that the numbers relied upon by the Judge did not reflect the pending
cash and CPF payments for the new flat that he had purchased. On the other
hand, the Wife’s new property was purchased in early 2013 which meant that the
expenses would have been accounted for. This argument was unmeritorious. The
purchase of the Husband’s new flat was completed well before the hearing
before the Judge but he chose not to update his numbers; neither did he try to
adduce new evidence before this court. He only invited this court to take this
into account in a general sense. We could not see how we could do so.
Similarly, the Wife argued that the surrender value of the Husband’s insurance
policies, amounting to $56,743.32, should be added to the pool, but we saw no
reason to make any adjustments to the Judge’s determination of the pool of
matrimonial assets. We therefore proceeded on the basis that the total pool of
the matrimonial assets, including the net sale proceeds of the matrimonial
home, were as found by the Judge.

16 Further, we were satisfied that the Judge was correct to consider that the
direct contributions of the parties to the matrimonial home were equal, and we
similarly proceeded on that basis.

17 In arriving at the figure of $63,000, we bore in mind the structured
approach set out by this court in ANJ v ANK [2015] 4 SLR 1043 (“ANJ”), whilst
simultaneously being cognisant of the caveat in that same case that that
approach should not detract from the overall purpose and spirit underlying the
division of matrimonial assets pursuant to s 112 of the Women’s Charter (Cap
353, 2009 Rev Ed) (“the Women’s Charter”), as embodied in the following
observations (at [30]):

In our view, the approach which we have advanced herein would enable us to
better strike a proper balance between the search for a principled test and
the need to remain sensitive to the factual nuances of each case. We are
nevertheless mindful that, by the very nature of matrimonial disputes, each
case presents a unique set of facts and we do not propose to say that these
principles are necessarily exhaustive, nor do we expect them to be hard and
fast rules that must immutably be applied even to cases of exceptional facts.
The controlling principle has always been and remains that the court must
approach the exercise with broad strokes based on its feel of what is just and
equitable on the facts of the case. On this note, we turn to examine the facts
of the present appeal.

18 In so far as the structured approach set out in ANJ is concerned, this
court observed as follows (at [22]−[29]):

22 The ultimate objective of any approach towards the division of matrimonial
assets is to accord due and sufficient recognition to each party’s
contribution towards the marriage – without overcompensating or
undercompensating a spouse’s indirect contributions – so that the outcome
would, in the circumstances of each case, lead to a just and equitable
division. Using the structured approach, the court could first ascribe a ratio
that represents each party’s direct contributions relative to that of the
other party, having regard to the amount of financial contribution each party
has made towards the acquisition or improvement of the matrimonial assets.
Next, to give credit to both parties’ indirect contribution throughout the
marriage, instead of giving the party who has contributed more significantly
than the other an “uplift” to his or her direct contribution percentage, the
court should proceed to ascribe a second ratio to represent each party’s
indirect contribution to the well-being of the family relative to that of the
other. Using each party’s respective direct and indirect percentage
contributions, the court then derives each party’s average percentage
contribution to the family which would form the basis to divide the
matrimonial assets. Further adjustments (to take into account, inter alia, the
other factors enumerated in s 112(2) of the [Women’s Charter]) may need to be
made to the parties’ average percentage contributions – a point which we will
return to shortly.

23 One may feel that this somewhat structured approach deviates from the
broad-brush approach well-endorsed by our courts and represents a step towards
an arithmetical exercise that has been consistently eschewed by this court. It
really does not. Even in respect of direct financial contributions of the
parties, not infrequently, the situation is less than clear. In a case where
the documentary evidence falls short of establishing exactly who made what
contribution and/or the exact amount of monetary contribution made by each
party, the court must make a “rough and ready approximation” of the figures
(see NK v NL [[2007] 3 SLR(R) 743] at [28], citing Hoong Khai Soon v Cheng
Kwee Eng [1993] 1 SLR(R) 823 at [17] with approval). At the end of the day,
the court would have to approach the issue by exercising sound judgment,
having regard to the inherent veracity of each party’s version of events
reflected in their affidavits or testimony as well as the documentary
evidence. This is where “broad brush” comes in.

24 In relation to indirect contributions, the problem with ascertaining the
extent of the parties’ contributions with precision is further compounded. In
the nature of things, for the court to ascribe a ratio in respect of the non-
financial or indirect financial contributions of the parties, the court is
clearly not indulging in any mathematical calculation because often there is
very little concrete evidence to be relied upon. Contributions in the form of
parenting, homemaking and husbandry, by their very nature, are incapable of
being reduced into monetary terms. No mathematical formula or analytical tool
is capable of capturing or accommodating the diverse and myriad set of factual
scenarios that may present themselves to court as to how the parties may have
chosen to divide among themselves duties and responsibilities in the domestic
sphere. It is in making this determination that what is known as the broad
brush approach would have to come into play. What values to give to the
indirect contributions of the parties is necessarily a matter of impression
and judgment of the court. In most homes, even in a home where both the
spouses are working full time, in the absence of concrete evidence it is more
likely than not that ordinarily the wife will be the party who renders greater
indirect contributions. That said, even in a home where the wife is a full-
time homemaker, it would be an exceptional home where the husband renders no
indirect contribution at all. What values to attribute to each spouse in
relation to indirect contributions would be a matter of assessment for the
court and in that regard broad strokes would have to be the order of the day.
In seeking to arrive at a ratio that represents both parties’ comparative
indirect contribution towards the family, the court must, in the final
analysis, exercise sound discretion along with a keen emphasis on all the
relevant facts of each case.

25 We would reiterate that while we seek to bring in some system into the
question of determining how the matrimonial assets of a marriage are to be
divided, we do not pretend to be scientific. The broad brush is in no way
replaced as we recognise all too clearly that in any marriage many things are
done unrecorded – out of love, concern and responsibility – and not with the
view to building up a case in the event the marriage fails. It would be a sad
day for the institution of marriage if parties were to enter into a marriage
with a mental outlook of tracking their contributions towards the marriage.

26 This court has observed in Lim Choon Lai v Chew Kim Heng [2001] 2 SLR(R)
260 at [14], that “[a]s for the non-financial contributions, they also play an
important role, and depending on the circumstances of the case, they can be
just as important”. We made similar remarks in NK v NL, that spousal
contributions, regardless of whether it rests in the economic or homemaking
spheres, are equally fundamental to the well-being of a marital partnership
(at [41]). The strength in the above approach lies in the fact that it paves
the way for the court to put financial and non-financial contributions on an
equal footing, as opposed to the traditional “uplift” approach that places
direct financial contribution as the foremost consideration. We would
underscore that s 112 of the [Women’s Charter] does not give pre-eminence to
any of the factors enumerated in s 112(2). We should, however, also point out
that, for the very same reason, the approach proceeds on the basis that the
collective indirect contribution made by both parties carries equal weight as
the collective direct financial contribution made by both parties. This may
well be the case in many instances, but there will also be instances where one
component necessarily assumes greater importance than the other on the facts
and correspondingly greater weight should be attached to that component as
against the other. In cases that fall within the latter category, the court
should tweak or calibrate the “average ratio” in favour of one party to
reflect what would be a just and equitable result in the circumstances of each
case. To do so, the court must engage in a non-mathematical balancing exercise
to determine the appropriate weight that should be accorded to the parties’
collective indirect contribution as against their collective direct
contribution. We stress that the balancing exercise should be non-mathematical
in nature, and should instead be based on the court’s sense of what is fair
and just. This is [a] fact-sensitive inquiry where context is paramount. Put
simply, the “average ratio” is a non-binding figure; it is meant to serve as
an indicative guide to assist courts in deciding what would be a just and
equitable apportionment having regard to the factual nuances of each case.

27 The circumstances that could shift the “average ratio” in favour of one
party are diverse, and in our judgment, there are at least three (non-
exhaustive) broad categories of factors that should be considered in
attributing the appropriate weight to the parties’ collective direct
contributions as against their indirect contributions:

(a) The length of the marriage. Indirect contributions in general tend to
feature more prominently in long marriages ([Tan Hwee Lee v Tan Cheng Guan
[2012] 4 SLR 785] at [85]). Conversely, indirect contributions usually play a
de minimis role in short, childless marriages (Ong Boon Huat Samuel v Chan Mei
Lan Kristine [2007] 2 SLR(R) 729 at [28]).

(b) The size of the matrimonial assets and its constituents. If the pool of
assets available for division is extraordinarily large and all of that was
accrued by one party’s exceptional efforts, direct contributions are likely to
command greater weight as against indirect contributions (see Yeo Chong Lin v
Tay Ang Choo Nancy [2011] 2 SLR 1157 (“Yeo Chong Lin”)).

(c) The extent and nature of indirect contributions made. Not all indirect
contributions carry equal weight. For instance, the engagement of a domestic
helper naturally reduces the burden of homemaking and caregiving
responsibilities undertaken by the parties, and to that extent, the weight
accorded to the parties’ collective indirect contributions in the homemaking
and caregiving aspects may have to be correspondingly reduced. The courts also
tend to give weighty consideration to homemakers who have painstakingly raised
children to adulthood, especially where such efforts have entailed significant
career sacrifices on their part.

28 The above principles are germane to the general run of matrimonial cases
where the parties’ direct and indirect contributions are the only two factors
engaged under s 112 (ie, ss 112(2)(a) and 112(2)(d)) when the court’s powers
to divide matrimonial assets are called upon. We are mindful that there
remains a number of other factors under s 112, including the needs of the
children; the presence of an agreement between the parties with respect to the
ownership and division of matrimonial assets; period of rent-free occupation
or other benefit enjoyed by one party in the matrimonial home to the exclusion
of the other party; and the matters referred to in s 114(1) relating to a
maintenance order for the wife. In so far as the remaining factors become
relevant for consideration in the appropriate case, the court is well-advised
to make adjustments as it deems necessary to the principles stated in this
judgment for the purposes of reaching a just and equitable result on the facts
before it.

29 Finally, for the avoidance of doubt, we should add that nothing we have
said thus far detracts from the court’s powers to draw [an] adverse inference
against either party whenever he or she is found to have failed to make full
and frank disclosure of the matrimonial assets. It is trite that the party
whom the court has found to have hidden away certain matrimonial assets would
receive a lower proportion of the known assets (if the court has not already
added a specific sum into the pool of matrimonial assets available for
distribution to account for the undisclosed assets) (Yeo Chong Lin at [66]).

[emphasis in original]

19 Turning to the facts of the present case, both parties worked full-time,
with the Wife having the more financially rewarding career. The marriage
lasted about five years, and the parties were childless for the first three
years of the marriage, during which they had part-time help. The Husband moved
out of the matrimonial bedroom shortly after the Child was born; he moved out
of the matrimonial home altogether in January 2013. In looking after the
Child, the parties had the assistance of both a full-time maid and the Wife’s
mother (who had moved in with them).

20 Even when they lived together, they had kept their finances apart. The Wife
never depended on the Husband financially during the marriage. The Judge had
found that the Husband was a calculating man and, indeed, the Wife also said
that he was “extremely stingy with his finances”. In a rather business-like
way, he made sure that she paid her share of the household expenses and even
when they went shopping together, he would keep track of the expenses and then
seek reimbursement from her afterwards if he had made the upfront payment.

21 Given that the marriage was a short one, that both Husband and Wife were
working, the manner in which both Husband and Wife conducted their lives
during the marriage itself, and that there was a not inconsiderable amount of
assistance on the domestic scene, the appropriate ratio between direct and
indirect contributions ought to be 75% and 25%, respectively.

22 In so far as the ratio of indirect contributions by the Husband and the
Wife, respectively, was concerned, counsel for both parties were in agreement
(correctly, in our view) that the proportions ought to be 40% and 60%. In so
far as the ratio of the direct contributions by the Husband and the Wife was
concerned, given the manner in which the parties conducted their finances, we
were of the opinion that their contributions were reflected by the matrimonial
assets in their respective names.

23 When we apply those numbers to the whole of the matrimonial pool (including
the net sale proceeds of the matrimonial home), the average ratio is derived
as follows:

| Husband| Wife  
---|---|---  
Direct contributions (75% weight)| 59%| 41%  
Indirect contributions (25% weight)| 40%| 60%  
Average percentage contributions| 54.25%| 45.75%  
  
24 In the circumstances, and given what we decided was the total pool in so
far as the division of matrimonial assets was concerned, we retained the
Judge’s order that the net sale proceeds of the matrimonial home be equally
divided between the parties but ordered that the Husband transfer to the Wife
an amount of $63,000 (rounded off) instead of $36,000. This would result in a
division of all the matrimonial assets along the lines of the parties’
contributions, as indicated by the preceding table.

25 We turn now to the second issue – the circumstances under which a court
should order nominal maintenance and why we decided to rescind the order of
nominal maintenance ordered in the court below on the facts of the present
appeal.

The order for nominal maintenance

The applicable principles

26 The entire topic of maintenance of a former wife has been comprehensively
dealt with by a leading scholar in Singapore family law (see Leong Wai Kum,
Elements of Family Law in Singapore (LexisNexis, 2nd Ed, 2013) at ch 18
(“Leong”)). Indeed, our local case law on this specific topic owes much to,
and embodies many of the views of, Prof Leong in both this work as well as her
other works in the field.

27 Turning specifically to the issue of nominal maintenance, the purpose – put
simply – is to preserve the right of the wife to apply for substantive
maintenance should the need arise in the future. This is an important point
because, as this court held in Tan Bee Giok v Loh Kum Yong [1996] 3 SLR(R) 605
(“Tan Bee Giok”) at [15], once an application for maintenance (other than an
order for interim maintenance (see the Singapore High Court decision of Ryan
Neil John v Berger Rosaline [2000] 3 SLR(R) 647 at [64])) has been made and
rejected, that is the end of the matter inasmuch as the wife concerned is
precluded from applying for maintenance should such a need to do so arise in
the future (see also the recent decision of this court in APE v APF [2015] 5
SLR 783 at [2], which reaffirmed this statement of principle in Tan Bee Giok).
In light of this principle, a court must carefully consider all the
circumstances of the case concerned as a rejection of the wife’s application
for maintenance would have very significant consequences indeed. However,
there needs to be a balance inasmuch as the consequences just mentioned ought
not to result in courts being (adopting Lord Denning’s famous description
(albeit in a somewhat different context) in the English Court of Appeal
decision of Candler v Crane, Christmas & Co [1951] 2 KB 164 at 178) “timorous
souls” – always preserving the wife’s right to maintenance by ordering nominal
maintenance. What the court does need to do is to closely examine the facts
and circumstances of the case in order to arrive at a principled decision as
to whether or not nominal maintenance ought or ought not to be ordered. It is
important, at this juncture, to point out that as this is quintessentially a
factual inquiry, it would be invidious (and even futile) for this court to
attempt to lay down the legal principles in a comprehensive or exhaustive
fashion. That is simply not possible given the very nature of the inquiry
itself. That having been said, we will attempt to furnish some broad guidance
– with the caveat that the legal framework will undoubtedly evolve in future
cases as the law is developed further.

28 What seems to us to be clear is this: The courts cannot – and ought not to
– order nominal maintenance automatically or as a matter of course. As already
alluded to above, the court must examine closely all the facts and
circumstances of the case before deciding whether or not to award nominal
maintenance in order to preserve the wife’s right to apply for maintenance in
the future.

29 Another (related) principle is that it will not suffice for the wife to
argue – without more – that she is entitled to an order of nominal maintenance
simply because her situation might change in the future. Indeed, it has, in
general, never been the duty of the courts to compensate parties for the
vicissitudes of life (this last-mentioned concept ought not to be confused
with the more technical line of cases which relate to the role of intervening
acts in the context of the ascertainment of the measure of damages to be
awarded by the court (see generally the discussion in the decision of this
court in Salcon Ltd v United Cement Pte Ltd [2004] 4 SLR(R) 353), although
there is some overlap in terms of the central idea when viewed from a non-
technical perspective). More importantly, accepting such an argument would not
only result in the blanket order of nominal maintenance in virtually every
case, it would also result (in substance and effect) in making the husband a
general insurer of sorts. This would be wholly contrary to the very purpose of
awarding maintenance to a former wife in the first place – a point to which we
will return shortly. For present purposes, it suffices to note that an
application for nominal maintenance takes place in the context of a marriage
that has already been terminated. In any event, it has never been – and ought
not to be – the case that a party (let alone a former spouse) has a duty to be
a general insurer vis-à-vis another party. Indeed, in order to provide for the
vicissitudes of life, persons generally have recourse to the purchase of
insurance policies.

30 Quite apart from the two general (and related) principles just referred to,
it would be inadvisable for this court to lay down more specific principles
simply because the factual permutations are enormous (from a human standpoint,
possibly infinite). As already mentioned, the precise facts and circumstances
of each case are of the first importance, and this is itself a (further, and
third) general principle that is so obvious, yet vital. That having been said,
we have also mentioned that the law in this particular sphere will undoubtedly
evolve over time. Although it is not the case that specific factual matrices
will necessarily lead to general principles being formulated, the entire
process of legal development is far more nuanced and interactional in nature
and, in this regard, it is entirely possible that embedded within specific
fact situations are general rules and principles which could be developed over
time. Indeed, the facts of the present case illustrate this.

31 Before we consider the facts of the present case, there is another general
principle that can, in our view, guide the courts. It is, arguably at least,
as important as, if not more important than, the three general principles
already set out above. And it is this: The court ought always to bear in mind
the underlying rationale and purpose for the award of maintenance generally to
former wives. As this court stated in Foo Ah Yan v Chiam Heng Chow [2012] 2
SLR 506 (“Foo Ah Yan”), the overarching principle embodied in s 114(2) is that
of financial preservation, which requires the wife to be maintained at a
standard that is, to a reasonable extent, commensurate with the standard of
living she had enjoyed during the marriage – but we also cautioned that s
114(2) had to be applied in a “commonsense holistic manner that takes into
account the new realities that flow from the breakdown of marriage” (at [13]
and [16]; emphasis in original). In this regard, some elaboration may be
apposite. As this court (adopting the views of Prof Leong) has emphasised in
Foo Ah Yan at [22] and [26]:

22 Furthermore, the duty of a husband to maintain his wife during the
marriage, as provided by s 69(1) of the Act, and the obligation to provide
maintenance to a former wife under s 113 of the Act are driven by separate
forces. As Prof Leong Wai Kum pointed out in Elements of Family Law in
Singapore [(LexisNexis, 2007)] at p 476:

In the former situation, the objective is to provide modest maintenance,
namely, to help her overcome her immediate financial need which may well be
the same objective when ordering maintenance for a dependent child. In the
latter situation, maintenance ordered for a former wife, however, serves the
far more ambitious objective of giving her a fair share of the surplus wealth
that had been acquired by the spouses during the subsistence of the marriage.

Indeed, while the court must have regard to all circumstances of the case when
ordering maintenance in both contexts, the matters that the Act specifically
directs the court to consider under ss 69(4) and 114 of the Act are not
identical. It is thus conceivable that one who justifiably fails to maintain
his wife during the course of their marriage may nevertheless be obliged to do
so after the marriage has ended.

…

26 As the power to order maintenance is supplementary to the power to order
division of matrimonial assets, courts regularly take into account each
party’s share of the matrimonial assets when assessing the appropriate quantum
of maintenance to be ordered: see, for example, BG v BF [[2007] 3 SLR(R) 233]
at [75]−[76], Rosaline Singh [[2004] 1 SLR(R) 457] at [13]; Tan Bee Giok at
[27] and AQS [[2012] SGCA 3] at [51]. Indeed, this inquiry falls within the
matters to be considered under s 114(1)(a) of the Act …

[emphasis added in italics and bold italics]

In a similar vein, Prof Leong has observed that the award of maintenance for a
former wife takes into account the fact that the former wife ought to try to
regain self-sufficiency and that an order of maintenance is not intended to
create life-long dependency by the former wife on the former husband (see
Leong at pp 693−694 as well as the Singapore High Court decision of Quek Lee
Tiam v Ho Kim Swee (alias Ho Kian Guan) [1995] SGHC 23 at [13], [21] and [22],
respectively (which paragraphs of this last-mentioned judgment are in fact
cited by Prof Leong in her treatise)).

32 Indeed, Prof Leong goes further and “suggests that the purpose of the
current power to order maintenance of a former wife in the Women’s Charter
section 113 cannot be any different from that of the power to divide
matrimonial assets in section 112, viz to give the former wife a fair share of
the wealth that had been acquired or built up by the marital partnership” (see
Leong at p 663). She elaborates further as follows (see ibid):

Where there is accumulation of money from which a lump sum order of
maintenance can be ordered, the exercise of the power to order maintenance
directly divides the former spouses’ accumulated wealth between them. Even of
an order for periodic payments of maintenance, while it is not executed
against accumulated wealth, it should be remembered that the husband’s future
earning capacity was built up, in part, during the marriage. As the spouses
have been engaging in an equal co-operative partnership of different efforts
for mutual benefit during their marriage, the former wife should be regarded
to have contributed to the husband’s earning capacity by taking care of the
home and their children so that he can focus his efforts on his career. An
order that a husband should continue to maintain his former wife is justified
to compensate her for her role during marriage especially where the discharge
of this role has prejudiced her personal financial status. It is in this sense
that the power to order maintenance of a former wife also helps achieve some
equalisation of the former spouses’ financial statuses, just as the power to
order the division of their matrimonial assets.

33 There is no need to arrive at a definitive pronouncement on Prof Leong’s
more radical suggestion as set out in the preceding paragraph as it is
unnecessary for the purposes of the present appeal. What is clear (and this
represents the present law on the matter) is that there is, as evinced by the
very language of ss 112 and 114 themselves, an inter-relationship between both
provisions and that this, as noted in, inter alia, Foo Ah Yan (at [26]; see
also above at [31]), results in the power of the court to order a division of
matrimonial assets being the primary power, with the power to order
maintenance being supplementary to the power to order a division of
matrimonial assets (see also Leong at p 665).

34 The following observations by Prof Leong might also be usefully noted (see
Leong at p 666):

The order to the husband to continue to provide maintenance to his former
wife, being supplementary to the order to divide their matrimonial assets
between them, fills the gap remaining between the financial statuses of the
former spouses. The order of maintenance corrects any residual inequality that
remains in the spouses’ financial resources. The author suggests this view:

1 Where the just and equitable division of their matrimonial assets yields to
the former wife a fair share of the surplus wealth of the marital partnership,
the order of maintenance may be merely nominal.

2 Where it yields her substantial properties, the application for maintenance
may even be dismissed.

3 It is only where there are not enough matrimonial assets to divide or the
nature of the assets given to the economically weaker former spouse ‘cannot
both provide a decent home for her (and the children, if as usual, they remain
in her care) and produce some acceptable level of income, should the court
make an order for her maintenance’.

Where the exercise of the power to divide matrimonial assets suffices to
equalise the financial statuses of the former spouses, the court may make no
order of maintenance for the former wife, a mere nominal order (to keep the
husband’s liability alive) or, at most, a modest order of maintenance. Where
there is hardly any matrimonial asset to divide between the former spouses,
the power to order maintenance for the former wife can be expected to be
exercised to its full extent because it must perform the role that is normally
discharged by the power to divide matrimonial assets. Then there is the
residual situation where, despite the exercise of the power to divide
matrimonial assets, the homemaker and child carer remains financially
disadvantaged by the roles discharged during marriage. Here it is expected
that the court will also exercise the power to order maintenance for the
former wife to the extent needed to better equalise the financial statuses of
the former spouses. It is discussed below that maintenance orders, when
juxtaposed with the order of division of matrimonial assets made between the
same couple, falls into several categories.

35 The observations just quoted are, in fact, exemplified in the case law. For
example, in the decision of this court in Lock Yeng Fun v Chua Hock Chye
[2007] 3 SLR(R) 520, the parties were a couple divorcing after 30 years of
marriage, their children grown and independent. The husband had been a jet-
setting banking executive while the wife was a homemaker for the most part of
the marriage. But by investing moneys given to her, the wife was  
able to amass a sizable sum from her investments. On the other hand, the
husband was afflicted by various health issues in the later stages of his
career, and his income had been reduced to a trickle. No order of maintenance
was made in view of the ill-health of the husband and the (equal) distribution
of the matrimonial assets made to the wife and husband (see at [21], [45] and
[48]); interestingly, this court found support for its decision not to grant
maintenance in the “purpose and tenor” of s 114(2) of the Women’s Charter – a
provision which has oft been interpreted by our courts in a purposive manner
(see, for example, Foo Ah Yan at [14]−[16], as well as Leong at pp 683−687).

36 A second instance where no order of maintenance in favour of the wife was
made was in the Singapore High Court decision of Rosaline Singh v Jayabalan
Samidurai (alias Jerome Jayabalan) [2004] 1 SLR(R) 457, where the share of
matrimonial assets awarded by the court to the wife was substantial and the
husband was heavily in debt and unlikely to be able to find employment owing
to his age and circumstances in the future whilst the wife was already over 67
years of age (see at [13]).

37 A third instance is the decision of this court in Tham Khai Meng v Nam Wen
Jet Bernadette [1997] 1 SLR(R) 336. The parties had joint custody of their
children, aged 10 and 8, with care and control to the wife. The wife came from
a comfortable family and had had a good education. Notwithstanding the fact
that the children to the marriage were still relatively young and that the
wife was unemployed at the time of the appeal, in view of the short length of
the marriage, the wife’s potential earning capacity and the value of her share
of the matrimonial assets, the court made no order of maintenance of the wife.
In coming to this decision, the court considered that the parties should have
a clean break and that the issues of maintenance of the wife and maintenance
of the children should be considered separately (at [43]–[45]).

38 Reference may also be made to the recent Singapore High Court decisions of
Guo Ningqun Anthony v Chan Wing Sun [2014] SGHC 56 (at [125]); AOF v ACP and
another [2014] SGHC 99 (at [78]); AOB v AOC [2015] 2 SLR 307 (at [29]); as
well as ASP v ASQ [2015] SGHC 123 (at [48]). In each of these cases, the court
similarly made no order for maintenance of the wife.

39 Before we turn to the next point, the Singapore High Court decision of ADB
v ADC [2014] SGHC 76 also merits some discussion. It was a brief marriage of
persons who were each capable of earning a comfortable income. Between the
parties, the wife owned significantly more assets than the husband. The wife
had a child, aged 16 and from a previous marriage, whom the husband adopted
and loved. The parties were financially independent. In deciding not to award
the wife any maintenance, Choo Han Teck J stated (at [10]) that “[t]he idea
that maintenance is an unalloyed right of a divorced woman is an idea borne
from the time when women were housewives living on the maintenance of the
men”.

40 In the Singapore High Court decision of Shailja Sharma @ Bhatara Shailja v
Rajat Sharma and another appeal and other matters [2014] SGHC 256, Valerie
Thean JC interpreted Choo J’s remark as merely suggesting that that
maintenance should not be granted as a matter of course, and not that there is
a starting point that there would be no order as to maintenance where a wife
is working (at [78]). Thean JC’s view is entirely consonant with our holding
in this respect, which is that there is no starting point either way.

41 We have cited a few cases to give a flavour of the multifarious
considerations that could weigh on the court’s exercise of discretion.
However, it is of the first importance to emphasise that the ultimate decision
arrived at by a court in any given case will depend, in the final analysis,
upon the precise facts and circumstances concerned (which is, in fact, the
third general principle referred to above (at [30])).

The principles applied

42 We rescinded the Judge’s order of nominal maintenance in the court below.
Indeed, in arriving at her decision to award the Wife nominal maintenance, the
Judge observed thus (see the GD at [5] and [34]):

5 As at the date of the hearing and earlier, the Wife earned more than the
Husband (by about $1,749 per month). However, she requested (which request the
court acceded to) for $1.00 nominal maintenance to be awarded to her in order
to preserve her right to claim maintenance in case something untoward should
happen to her and there was a need to do so in the future. This award is the
first ground of the husband’s appeal.

…

34 As I noted at [5] of this judgment, the Wife explained why she wanted
nominal maintenance of $1.00 – to maintain her right in case a need arose for
her to apply for maintenance in future. I found this perfectly reasonable. It
was wholly unreasonable of the Husband to deny her this right bearing in mind
that the Wife may never exercise her right at all. On the other hand, if the
Wife did not have at least a nominal maintenance order in her favour, she
would be precluded from making any such claim in future (see Tan Bee Giok v
Loh Kum Yong [1996] 3 SLR(R) 605).

43 We would respectfully disagree with the Judge’s reasons for ordering
nominal maintenance in the present case as set out in the preceding paragraph.
What, in effect, the Wife was requesting – and which the Judge agreed with –
was that the Husband be a general insurer for the wife for an indefinite
period of time. The preservation of the Wife’s right to claim maintenance in
the event any misfortune should befall her appeared to be the sole basis for
her request and indeed, the Judge’s decision to award nominal maintenance to
the Wife. As we have already emphasised above, this cannot – and ought not to
– be the case. The future is impossible to predict and that something untoward
could happen is always possible. However, that is – in and of itself – an
insufficient reason for granting nominal maintenance, bearing in mind that
this is an obligation that might be visited on the husband concerned at any
time in the future even though the marriage has already been terminated.
Hence, something more must be shown on the facts and circumstances of the
particular case to justify the court awarding the wife concerned nominal
maintenance.

44 In the present case, counsel for the Wife could not articulate any reason
why the Wife should be entitled to nominal maintenance save for the
possibility that something untoward might happen to her. We note, once again,
that the marriage was a short one to begin with. More importantly, it was
clear that the Wife is not only working but is also at least as professionally
successful as the Husband – they had even discussed the possibility of the
Husband becoming a stay-at-home husband if the Wife should get promoted at
work. There was no evidence that her earning capacity had been adversely
affected through the course of the marriage. Indeed, that was why she did not
apply for substantive maintenance; in the circumstances, no such order would
have been made in any event. Whilst it is true that she did not receive an
extremely large amount in relation to the division of matrimonial assets,
neither did the Husband. This, again, is due to the fact that the marriage was
a short one.

45 Based on all the relevant facts, it was clear that the Wife was more than
capable of taking care of herself, and had in fact been doing so. In the
circumstances, we could not see any justification for imposing on the Husband
the continuing (albeit contingent) obligation to provide the Wife with
maintenance at some indeterminate time in the future. We also note that a
substantial portion of the Husband’s take-home pay is being directed towards
the Child’s maintenance and this correspondingly relieves the Wife of her
financial burden in this particular regard.

46 In all the circumstances, therefore, we did not think that the order of
nominal maintenance was justified on the facts of this particular case.

Conclusion

47 For the reasons set out above, we allowed both appeals in part and, in the
circumstances, made no order as to costs. The usual consequential orders
applied.

Andrew Phang Boon Leong Judith Prakash Steven Chong  
Judge of Appeal Judge Judge

Chia Chwee Imm Helen and Mok Shu Ya Eleanor (Chia-Thomas Law Chambers LLC) for
the appellant in Civil Appeal No 64 of 2015 and the respondent in Civil Appeal
No 65 of 2015;  
Koh Tien Hua and Yoon Min Joo (Harry Elias Partnership LLP) for the respondent
in Civil Appeal No 64 of 2015 and the appellant in Civil Appeal No 65 of 2015.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 16 Dec 2021 (20:13 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

