Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the republic of singapore

[2016] SGHC 42

Originating Summons No 165 of 2016

In the Matter of the Estate of Chew Chen Chin

And

In the Matter of HC/Originating Summons No 11 of 2016

And

In the Matter of HC/District Court Appeal No 21 of 2015

And

In the Matter of Originating Summons No 763 of 2014

And

In the Matter of Originating Summons No 365 of 2014

Between

ONG WUI TECK

… Plaintiff

And

ONG WUI SWOON

… Defendant

* * *

grounds of decision

[Courts and Jurisdiction]—[Judges]—[Recusal]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Ong Wui Teck

  
v

  

Ong Wui Swoon

[2016] SGHC 42

  

High Court — HC/Originating Summons No 165 of 2016  
Woo Bih Li J  
4 March 2016  

-21 March 2016 

Woo Bih Li J:

Introduction

1 The plaintiff, Ong Wui Teck (“Mr Ong”) and the defendant, Ong Wui Swoon
(“Mdm Ong”) are two out of six siblings. One of the six siblings passed away
in 1990. Mr Ong is the administrator of the estate of their father (“the
father”) who died intestate. He is also the executor of the estate of their
mother (“the mother”) who had made a Will.

2 The present application was filed by Mr Ong on 22 February 2016 for me to
disqualify myself from hearing all matters pertaining to the mother’s estate.
He filed two affidavits in support of this application, which were affirmed on
18 February 2016 and 2 March 2016 respectively. I will refer to them as “his
first supporting affidavit” and “his second supporting affidavit”
respectively. The application was opposed by Mdm Ong who had affirmed an
affidavit on 29 February 2016. I will set out in some detail the background
leading to the present application.

The father’s estate

3 In Suit No 385 of 2011 which concerned the father’s estate, Mdm Ong was the
plaintiff and Mr Ong was the defendant. Mdm Ong alleged that Mr Ong had failed
to render an accurate account of that estate’s assets. She therefore asked for
an order that he (i) render another account and (ii) pay damages for his
alleged breach of duty. She also asserted a beneficial interest in the sale
proceeds of a private property in the name of Mr Ong which she claimed that Mr
Ong had held in trust for the father.

4 After a trial, I concluded that Mr Ong had not given a proper account of the
assets of the father’s estate (“my substantive decision”). However, I also
concluded that the private property which he had held in his name was not part
of the assets of the father’s estate, ie, he was not holding that property in
trust for the father.

5 I ordered an inquiry before the Registrar of the Supreme Court to determine
the assets of the father’s estate based on the specific guidelines which I had
set out in my written judgment of 30 October 2012 for my substantive decision,
Ong Wui Swoon v Ong Wui Teck [2013] 1 SLR 733 (at [143]–[151]).

6 As for costs, I initially ordered on 3 February 2014 that each party was to
bear his or her own costs of the trial. However, Mdm Ong requested further
arguments on this decision and I agreed to the request. After hearing the
further arguments on 3 March 2014, I decided that Mr Ong was to pay Mdm Ong
some costs of the trial which I fixed at $10,000.

7 In the meantime, an Assistant Registrar (“AR Leong”) had conducted the
inquiry which I had ordered. On 24 September 2013, AR Leong decided that the
father’s estate had assets amounting to $15,756.47. He ordered Mr Ong to pay
Mdm Ong $1,313 as her one-twelfth share thereof. He also ordered that the
costs of the inquiry be agreed or taxed. Although the costs order was made by
consent, there was a dispute as to who would be liable for such costs.
Eventually AR Leong clarified that his costs order meant that Mr Ong was to
pay such costs to Mdm Ong.

8 Mr Ong then applied for an extension of time to appeal against the AR’s
decisions as he was out of time to do so. This application was allowed by
another Assistant Registrar (“AR Khng”) on 24 February 2014. Mr Ong then
appealed against both the substantive decision and the costs order of AR
Leong.

9 However, Mdm Ong filed an appeal against AR Khng’s decision to grant Mr Ong
an extension of time to appeal.

10 Both the appeals came up for hearing before me on 19 May 2014. I allowed
Mdm Ong’s appeal in part in that I set aside AR Khng’s decision to allow the
extension of time to appeal against AR Leong’s substantive decision. However,
I allowed the extension of time for Mr Ong to appeal against AR Leong’s costs
order to remain. Therefore, Mr Ong’s appeal before me remained only in respect
of AR Leong’s costs order. After hearing arguments, I set aside AR Leong’s
costs order in that such costs were not to be taxed although Mr Ong was still
liable to pay the costs of the inquiry. I fixed the quantum of costs that he
had to pay for the inquiry at $400. (see Ong Wui Swoon v Ong Wui Teck [2014]
SGHC 157).

11 Mr Ong then filed two appeals in respect of the decisions that I made on 19
May 2014. In response, Mdm Ong filed two applications to strike out both of Mr
Ong’s appeals on the ground that he had not obtained the leave of court to
appeal to the Court of Appeal.

12 On 15 October 2014, the Court of Appeal ordered the parties to go for
mediation to resolve all the disputes pending between them (and not just the
disputes which I had decided on). However, the mediation was apparently
unsuccessful and parties appeared before the Court of Appeal again on 9 March
2015. The Court of Appeal then struck out Mr Ong’s appeals on the basis that
they were bound to fail. However, the Court of Appeal made no order as to
costs in respect of the applications and the appeals to the Court of Appeal
and ordered Mr Ong’s security for the costs of the appeals to be released to
him.

The mother’s estate

13 Prior to my substantive decision on the father’s estate, Mdm Ong and other
siblings had filed an action in the then-Subordinate Courts in 2005 to
challenge the validity of the mother’s Will. The Will was upheld by the
District Court in 2007. Appeals to the High Court and to the Court of Appeal
were dismissed.

14 However in 2013, Mdm Ong filed another action in the Subordinate Courts
against Mr Ong in respect of the mother’s estate. This was to seek (i) the
revocation of Mr Ong’s appointment as executor of the mother’s estate for
which he had obtained a grant of probate, and (ii) the appointment of Mdm Ong
as administrator in place of Mr Ong.

15 On 29 September 2015, Mdm Ong’s action was dismissed. She then filed an
appeal to the High Court on 13 October 2015. This is HC/DCA 21/2015 (“DCA
21/15”).

16 Mr Ong then filed HC/OS 11/2016 (“OS 11/16”) to require Mdm Ong to apply
for an extension of time to serve various documents on Mr Ong as he alleged
that service of such documents had not been effected on him. He also sought
other reliefs as set out in more detail in his application.

17 Apparently, at a pre-trial conference on 26 January 2016, an Assistant
Registrar informed the parties that both OS 11/2016 and DCA 21/2015 were fixed
for hearing before me and that another two outstanding applications (filed in
2014) concerning the mother’s estate would also be eventually heard by me.

18 Mr Ong then filed the present application, ie, HC/OS 165/2016 on 22
February 2016 for me to recuse myself from hearing all matters in respect of
the mother’s estate.

Mr Ong’s reasons

19 Mr Ong’s reasons for seeking my recusal, as stated in para 5 of his first
supporting affidavit for the present application, were as follows:

(a) conflict of interest;

(b) absence/lack of independence;

(c) biasness;

(d) prejudgment/predetermination; and

(e) condoning the actions of the opposing party/solicitor that are contrary to
and/or an obstruction to justice.

[numbering added]

20 These reasons may be divided into two broad categories: (i) conflict of
interest, and (ii) bias.

21 I add that in the trial in respect of the father’s estate, Mr Ong was
represented by solicitors. Thereafter he represented himself in the matters
which I subsequently heard. He has acquired considerable experience in
litigation.

Alleged conflict of interest

22 Mr Ong’s allegation about a conflict of interest was conflated with his
allegation of bias on my part.

23 I gathered from Mr Ong’s first supporting affidavit that he was alarmed
because Mdm Ong had asserted that she would rely on findings of fact made by
me against him (Mr Ong) in respect of the father’s estate for her current
disputes with him in respect of the mother’s estate. As deposed at para 13 of
his first supporting affidavit, Mr Ong was afraid that:

[I] would, in all likelihood, uphold [my] prior ruling and not bring an
impartial mind to the issues, including the issue of [Mdm Ong’s] obstruction
of the estates’ accounting by withholding the files and documents of both the
estates of [the] father and [the] mother.

24 Contrary to Mr Ong’s allegations, the mere fact that a judge has made an
adverse ruling or comment against a litigant does not necessarily mean that he
should recuse himself in the same or a subsequent matter involving that
litigant.

25 As observed by the English Court of Appeal in Otkritie International
Investment Management Ltd [2014] EWCA Civ 135 at [17], a judge who has
previously criticized the conduct of a party in the course of his judgment on
a matter, which he considers relevant to his decision, is not precluded from
hearing a subsequent dispute involving the same party. The judge is simply
exercising his judicial function. Only if the views were expressed in such
outspoken, extreme, or unbalanced terms as to cast doubt on the judge’s
ability to approach the subsequent case with an open judicial mind should he
recuse himself. Much turns on the nature of the views expressed previously by
the judge and of the objection taken subsequently by the party. In Locabail
(UK) Ltd v Bayfield Properties Ltd [2000] QB 451 at [25], the English Court of
Appeal gave the following example:

a real danger of bias might well be thought to arise if … in a case where the
credibility of any individual were an issue to be decided by the judge, he had
in a previous case rejected the evidence of that person in such outspoken
terms as to throw doubt on his ability to approach such person's evidence with
an open mind on any later occasion; or if on any question at issue in the
proceedings before him the judge had expressed views, particularly in the
course of the hearing, in such extreme and unbalanced terms as to throw doubt
on his ability to try the issue with an objective judicial mind (see Vakauta v
Kelly (1989) 167 C.L.R. 569) … The mere fact that a judge, earlier in the same
case or in a previous case, had commented adversely on a party or witness, or
found the evidence of a party or witness to be unreliable, would not without
more found a sustainable objection.

[emphasis added]

26 As regards Mr Ong’s allegation about my prior ruling, it appeared from his
first supporting affidavit that he was referring to para 138 of my judgment in
my substantive decision in respect of the father’s estate. There, I had said
that it was not open for Mr Ong to argue that he was unable to give a proper
account of the assets of the father’s estate on the ground that he did not
have an estate file. The file was allegedly kept at a flat of which he was
locked out, or had otherwise been kept by one of his brothers. I had observed
that Mr Ong had made no attempt to try and get that file. In any event, Mdm
Ong had managed to get the file from that brother and had made discovery of
the file to Mr Ong before the trial commenced.

27 What then was Mr Ong complaining about? He was not alleging that I was
wrong in principle that he needed to attempt to obtain the estate file in
respect of the father’s estate. His point was that he was unaware that the
file was with Mdm Ong. However, Mdm Ong had since made discovery of the file
to him. While Mdm Ong made discovery of that file only after filing her
action, Mr Ong was still using the excuse that he did not have the file at the
trial, instead of asking for the file and rendering a proper account before
the trial started.

28 In any event, four points are pertinent. First, while Mr Ong made many
negative comments about my findings of fact in my substantive decision, he did
not appeal against my substantive decision that he had failed to render a
proper account in respect of the assets of the father’s estate.

29 Secondly, the timing of Mr Ong’s present application is relevant. As I will
elaborate later below (in the context of the allegation about bias), he did
not complain about any conflict (or bias) on my part until now.

30 Thirdly, as I will also elaborate later below, Mr Ong was complaining about
rulings of mine which went against him while ignoring those rulings which went
in his favour.

31 Fourthly, in respect of the mother’s estate, Mr Ong did not say in his
affidavits for the present application that he could not render proper
accounts because he did not know where the file or documents for that estate
were. Indeed, the judgment of the district judge Seah Chi-Ling (“DJ Seah”) in
respect of Mdm Ong’s 2013 action, Ong Wui Swoon v Ong Wui Teck [2015] SGDC 270
(“DJ Seah’s Judgment”), did not indicate that Mr Ong’s failure to access
documents to do a proper account of the assets of the mother’s estate was an
issue.

32 If the proper rendering of accounts was still an issue in respect of the
mother’s estate and if Mr Ong had a valid reason why he could not render such
accounts, then the facts of that case would have to be considered.

33 In my view, Mr Ong’s allegation of conflict of interest on my part fell far
short of supporting his application for recusal and was not valid.

Alleged bias

34 I now come to Mr Ong’s allegation of bias against me. He referred to many
instances of alleged actual bias to support this allegation.

Fixing of four matters before this court of which two were fixed for hearing
on the same date

35 First, as already mentioned, Mr Ong had apparently learned from an
Assistant Registrar at the pre-trial conference on 26 January 2016 that I
would be hearing OS 11/2016 and DCA 21/2015 as well as two other outstanding
applications pertaining to the mother’s estate. He assumed that this was my
doing, in that I had procured for all these matters to be heard by myself. He
alleged that under a system of allocation of cases based on the number of
judges on the bench, there was a less than 0.1% chance of the same judge
hearing all four matters (see para 6 of his first supporting affidavit).

36 Mr Ong’s belief that there was foul play was further fuelled by the fact
that OS 11/2016 and DCA 21/2015 were fixed for hearing on the same day. He
assumed that this meant that both matters would necessarily be heard on the
same day and that it was an attempt to compel him to proceed to address Mdm
Ong’s appeal in DCA 21/2015 regardless of the outcome of his application in OS
11/2016 for Mdm Ong to serve various documents on him. He was afraid that if
he was unsuccessful in his application and was compelled to proceed to address
Mdm Ong’s appeal he would be denied an opportunity to appeal (or seek leave to
appeal) against an unfavourable decision on his application (see paras 15-19
of his first supporting affidavit).

37 Mr Ong had made a number of wrong assumptions regarding the above
allegations.

38 First, it was not I who directed that all outstanding matters in respect of
the mother’s estate be heard by the same judge although, having learned of
this development, I agree that that was the logical step to take. The
Registrar of the Supreme Court must have thought that it made sense for one
judge to hear all the outstanding matters rather than to scatter them among a
number of judges, especially since we have a docket system. This would ensure
consistency of rulings and would also be more efficient as parties would not
have to repeat the same background facts before different judges.

39 Secondly, and very importantly, I did not direct that I should be the judge
to hear the outstanding matters regarding the mother’s estate. Perhaps the
Registrar of the Supreme Court identified me as the judge to hear them because
I already had some familiarity with the disputes of the parties in respect of
the father’s estate. Whatever the reason, it was not I who had asked to hear
the disputes in respect of the mother’s estate.

40 Thirdly, Mr Ong was wrong to conclude that because OS 11/2016 and DCA
21/2015 were fixed for hearing on the same day, that would mean that the
latter, being Mdm Ong’s appeal, would be heard regardless of the outcome of
his application in the former, thus denying him a chance to appeal (or ask for
leave to appeal) if his application was unsuccessful.

41 The fact that both matters were fixed for hearing on the same day did not
mean that both would certainly be heard on the same day. As Mr Ong himself
alluded to, his application would be heard first. If he was successful, then
Mdm Ong would have to serve him various documents, which he had said were
necessary in respect of her appeal. That would mean that it was unlikely that
her appeal would be heard on the same day.

42 Even if Mr Ong’s application was unsuccessful, it was open to him to
persuade the High Court to grant him leave to appeal to the Court of Appeal or
to adjourn the hearing of Mdm Ong’s appeal pending any application by him to
the Court of Appeal for leave to appeal. The High Court would decide whether
to grant any such request. It did not follow that just because both matters
were fixed for hearing on the same day that both must would be heard that day.
The fixing of both matters for hearing on the same day was just to allow the
court to hear both matters on the same day if the court were minded to do so.

43 If only Mr Ong’s application was fixed for hearing that day, then the court
would not be able to carry on with Mdm Ong’s appeal even if Mr Ong did not
succeed in his application, for example, because all relevant documents had
been served on him or because it was academic. I do not say that his
application was in fact without merit but the point was that the fixing of
both matters for hearing would give the court an option whether to hear Mdm
Ong’s appeal. It was not the foregone conclusion that Mr Ong was labouring
under. Furthermore, he was wrong to blame this court for his perceived
predicament.

Mdm Ong’s conduct

44 Secondly, Mr Ong suggested in para 13 of his first supporting affidavit
that I was biased because I had not taken into account (in the trial) Mdm
Ong’s conduct in denying him the estate file of the father for which he needed
to give a proper account. However, Mdm Ong had given discovery of the file to
him prior to the commencement of the trial for the father’s estate before me.
Indeed, Mr Ong could have asked for the documents in the file to give a proper
account at any time before the end of the trial. However, he did not do so.

45 Furthermore, Mr Ong did not appeal against my substantive decision ordering
him to give a proper account. If he was still genuinely handicapped at the
inquiry because he did not have all the documents he needed, he could have
informed AR Leong of his disadvantage. As far as I am aware, he did not raise
this point before AR Leong. He also did not raise this point in his appeal
which was heard by me. At the time of the inquiry before AR Leong, Mr Ong’s
point was that the father’s estate was negative in value, and not that he
still lacked the documents to give a proper account.

46 Therefore, Mr Ong’s allegation that I was biased because I had not
considered that he was impaired by Mdm Ong’s obstruction in relation to the
estate file was baseless.

Value of the father’s estate

47 Thirdly, Mr Ong alleged (in paras 13 and 28–31 of his first supporting
affidavit) that I had failed to take into account that the father’s estate was
negative in value. I did no such thing. I left it to the Registrar to make an
inquiry and it was for Mr Ong to persuade AR Leong that the father’s estate
was negative in value. Indeed, I note from DJ Seah’s Judgment at [27] that Mr
Ong had made the same point to him, ie, that it was the Registrar who made the
inquiry.

48 Furthermore, in considering Mr Ong’s appeal in respect of the lack of
merits of AR Leong’s substantive decision, I accepted that his appeal was not
clearly hopeless. However, I decided that he was not entitled to an extension
of time to file an appeal in respect of that decision for other reasons stated
in my grounds of decision dated 7 August 2014 (see Ong Wui Swoon v Ong Wui
Teck [2014] SGHC 157 at [64]).

49 Mr Ong’s allegation on this point was therefore factually incorrect.

Mdm Ong’s solicitors’ conduct

50 Fourthly, Mr Ong alleged (in paras 20–23 of his first supporting affidavit)
that I was somehow in cahoots with Mdm Ong’s solicitors. He alleged that in
Order of Court No 4561 of 2014, which Mdm Ong’s solicitors had extracted in
respect of RA 54/2014 (which was Mr Ong’s appeal against AR Leong’s
decisions), Mdm Ong’s solicitors had deliberately stated that the appeal was
that of Mdm Ong when actually the appeal was his. Mr Ong alleged that this was
the solicitors’ attempt to mislead the Court of Appeal so that that court
would think that his appeal was only in respect of costs.

51 Mr Ong complained that a draft of the order had not been sent to him for
approval as he was a litigant in person and that after the engrossed order was
extracted and served on him, he wrote a letter dated 16 July 2014 to Mdm Ong’s
solicitors to draw their attention to the error and a copy of that letter was
copied to the Registrar of the Supreme Court. Despite this, the error was not
attended to unlike other instances when parties were immediately called for
hearing to clarify or rectify an order of court. Mr Ong blamed me for this
state of affairs and accused me of complicity.

52 Mr Ong assumed that I had approved the draft order before it was engrossed.
He also assumed that I had seen his letter dated 16 July 2014 which he alleged
he had copied to the Registrar.

53 In fact, I did not approve the draft order, which was likely approved by a
duty Registrar. Even if I had, it would have been a genuine error. Secondly, I
did not see a copy of his letter dated 16 July 2014. Thirdly, the order had
already been engrossed and extracted. This is unlike instances where the order
has not yet been extracted. Once an order has been extracted, then it is for
either side to apply formally to correct the error. Where it has not yet been
extracted, it may be clarified or rectified without a formal application.

54 Mr Ong also complained that by reason of the error, the order was false and
was used by Mdm Ong in her applications to the Court of Appeal to strike out
his appeals to the Court of Appeal. If indeed the error was so important
(which I do not think so), he could and would have drawn it to the attention
of the Court of Appeal. If he did not do so, he has to take responsibility for
his own omission. If he did do so and the Court of Appeal still dismissed his
appeals, there would again be no reason for him to blame this court for the
outcome.

55 Mr Ong also said that I had failed to consider a point he had made in his
submission dated 8 January 2014 in respect of the costs for the trial
involving the father’s estate. He claimed that he had submitted that a receipt
which Mdm Ong had exhibited in one of her earlier affidavits had been doctored
as the year had been intentionally left out with a dark overlay over the
receipt so as to intentionally produce a dark image making it hard to read. Mr
Ong blamed Mdm Ong’s solicitors for this and accused this court of not seeking
an explanation from them. He alleged that I had turned a blind eye to it,
thereby vindicating Mdm Ong’s solicitors. He also alleged that the $10,000
costs order which I made against him (for the trial) was “perverse” and had
the effect of “shutting the door for any future actions [by him] against [Mdm
Ong’s] solicitor” (see paras 46 and 47 of his first supporting affidavit).

56 Whether the receipt was doctored or not was not material to this court for
the purpose of deciding whether Mr Ong had given a proper account of the
assets of his father’s estate or in making the $10,000 costs order.
Furthermore, it is obvious that the $10,000 costs order did not shut Mr Ong
from taking any future action against Mdm Ong’s solicitors (if indeed he had
any basis to do so).

57 Indeed, in para 16 of Mr Ong’s second supporting affidavit, he said that it
was not an issue of authenticity of documents presented during a list of
documents stage for the main trial. Instead, he said that the fraud took place
during the inquiry proceedings before AR Leong. He had changed his position.
He then alleged that by not allowing him to proceed with his appeal against AR
Leong’s substantive decision, I had allowed the fraud to be “swept under the
carpet”. Yet if the fraud was as obvious as Mr Ong was alleging, it would not
have escaped the attention of AR Leong unless Mr Ong did not raise it before
AR Leong or, if he did, AR Leong did not agree with him that Mdm Ong or her
solicitors had committed a fraud. Furthermore, as already mentioned, Mr Ong
had filed two appeals against my decisions in respect of the inquiry to the
Court of Appeal and the Court of Appeal dismissed his appeals for lack of
merit.

The $10,000 costs order

58 Fourthly, Mr Ong stressed that I had penalised him by making the $10,000
costs order against him.(see paras 33, 38–40, and 55 of his first supporting
affidavit).

59 Mr Ong ran his argument on this point in the following way. He said that it
took me some four and a half months since AR Leong’s decision on 24 September
2013 to make my initial order of 3 February 2014 that each party was to bear
his or her own costs of the trial in respect of the father’s estate. He then
alleged that,

Yet, in a matter of just one month, [I] had flip-flopped, and on 3 March 2014,
[I] varied [my] order such that [Mr Ong] was now required to pay costs fixed
at $10,000, with the only significant event within this one month being the
extension of time granted by [AR Khng] on 24 February 2014 in respect of [Mr
Ong’s] application … to appeal against AR Leong’s decision …

60 Mr Ong argued that since I was relying on the outcome of the inquiry before
AR Leong in my decision on the further arguments on costs of the trial, I
should have awaited the outcome of the appeal against AR Leong’s decision
before making my decision after hearing further arguments. He said that I was
aware that an extension of time had been granted by AR Khng to Mr Ong to
appeal against AR Leong’s decisions. He alleged that (at the time of the
hearing of the further arguments on 3 March 2014) it was a judicial
commissioner who was scheduled to hear his appeal against AR Leong’s
decisions. He asserted that when I changed my decision on 3 March 2014 on
costs and ordered him to pay $10,000 costs to Mdm Ong for the trial, this was
a sham and that this order was intended to influence the outcome of his appeal
before the judicial commissioner.

61 As it transpired, at the hearing before the judicial commissioner, Mdm
Ong’s counsel had asked for the appeals of Mr Ong and Mdm Ong against the
decisions of AR Leong and AR Khng respectively, to be fixed before me. Hence
they were eventually heard by me.

62 It is significant to note that Mr Ong admitted at para 55 of his first
supporting affidavit that he raised the issue of my biasness “now” in respect
of the mother’s estate. He accepted that he did not mention the word “biased”
during the action in respect of the father’s estate. However, Mr Ong alleged
that the arguments he had raised following the alleged sham cost order for
that trial and my decisions in respect of the appeal by him and Mdm Ong, from
the decisions of AR Leong and AR Khng respectively, were clearly a reflection
of his allegation of bias.

63 I make the following observations.

64 First, Mr Ong was suggesting that he was alleging biasness from the time I
made the $10,000 costs order. This must mean that he was not complaining about
any biasness in respect of my substantive decision in the trial before that
costs order was made. Yet in his first supporting affidavit to ask me to
recuse myself, he raised matters which I had either decided on or said in
respect of my substantive decision to support his allegation of biasness. For
example, he said I was biased because I had failed to take into account in the
trial that he had been denied access to an estate file, but then contradicted
himself by saying I was biased from the time the $10,000 costs order was made.

65 Mr Ong also complained that I made the $10,000 costs order only after I
knew about AR Khng’s decision to allow him an extension of time to appeal
against AR Leong’s decisions. As mentioned above (see [60] supra), he said
that since I was of the view that the outcome of the inquiry (and any appeal)
was relevant to the costs to be ordered for the trial, I should have waited
for the outcome of his appeal.

66 However, I do not recollect being informed by either side about AR Khng’s
decision when I made the $10,000 costs order against Mr Ong. Indeed, when I
made that decision, I informed the parties that I had taken into account the
very small sum (of $1,313) which AR Leong had decided that Mr Ong should pay
to Mdm Ong. Yet Mr Ong did not then inform me of AR Khng’s decision or ask me
to suspend my decision pending the outcome of his appeal.

67 Even if Mr Ong did not have the presence of mind on that day to ask me to
suspend my decision, the point is that he did not at any time thereafter
mention AR Khng’s decision and ask for further arguments in order to persuade
me to suspend my decision pending the outcome of his appeal against AR Leong’s
decisions.

68 Moreover, while he recently accused me of making the $10,000 costs order to
influence the judicial commissioner who was slated to hear the two appeals,
there is no evidence that he alleged that I was biased against him when
opposing counsel asked the judicial commissioner to fix the two appeals before
me. Surely that would have been the time for Mr Ong to speak up, object and
argue that the two appeals should not be fixed for hearing before me on the
ground that I was biased. He did not do so.

69 Then, when the two appeals came before me for hearing, Mr Ong again did not
allege any biasness on my part in making the $10,000 costs order. Indeed,
while he reminded me during the arguments for the appeals that he had already
been ordered to pay the $10,000 as costs he did not say that that order was a
biased one.

70 Mr Ong’s argument that he considered me to be biased from the time the
$10,000 costs order was made was therefore an afterthought.

71 There was also nothing in his arguments during the appeals before me to
suggest that he thought that I had been or that I was being biased against
him. The fact that he was not happy with some of my decisions was not a
suggestion of bias on the part of this court.

72 I would reiterate that one of my decisions in the two appeals was in
substance in his favour. Even though I denied him an extension of time to
appeal against AR Leong’s substantive decision, I allowed him to continue with
his appeal against AR Leong’s costs order. Moreover, while I was of the view
that he should still be liable for some costs of the inquiry before AR Leong,
I decided that he should pay only a very small sum of $400 as such costs. Had
I not replaced AR Leong’s costs order with mine, Mr Ong would have been liable
for costs of the entire inquiry which was apparently carried out over four
days. My decision on this point had saved him a substantial sum of money and
yet he has since accused me of bias.

73 Coming back to AR Khng’s decision to grant him leave to appeal, I would say
that even if I had been aware of that decision, it would have made no
difference to me when I made the $10,000 costs order. This is because as AR
Leong’s order stood, Mdm Ong was entitled to receive only $1,313 from Mr Ong.
That was a very small sum. The value of her success was therefore very limited
and I had already taken that into account. Even if Mr Ong had succeeded in his
appeal, it would only mean that he would not have to pay a single cent to Mdm
Ong. The difference would be the $1,313. I had ordered him to pay the $10,000
costs for the trial because in principle he had failed to render a proper
account. I could have ordered him to pay a higher amount as costs for the
trial but I noted that Mdm Ong’s eventual success thereafter was very limited.
I had also not forgotten that she had lost on her claim that a private
property was held by Mr Ong in trust for the father.

74 It appeared that Mr Ong did not place much weight on those decisions of
this court which went in his favour and focused instead on those which went
against him. As I said before (at [4] supra), I dismissed Mdm Ong’s claim that
he had held a private property in trust for the father.

75 Mr Ong had also considered only the negative implications to him and
ignored the positive implications of this court’s decisions. For example, when
I made the $10,000 costs order, I could have ordered him to pay a higher
amount but I did not. Even when I denied him the extension of time to appeal
against AR Leong’s substantive order, I substituted AR Leong’s costs order so
that he had to pay only $400 for the costs of the inquiry instead of a much
higher sum.

76 As I have mentioned before, Mr Ong filed two appeals to the Court of Appeal
against my decisions in respect of the appeals from the decisions of AR Khng
and AR Leong. If he had genuinely thought that I had been biased against him,
he would have stated so to the Court of Appeal. Yet, as mentioned above (at
[62] supra), he himself said that he did not mention the word “biased” until
now. He said his arguments following the alleged sham costs order and my
subsequent decisions clearly reflect such an allegation. It seemed to me that
he realised that he had never made such an allegation before and he tried to
address this omission by alleging that it was reflected in his subsequent
arguments. It is clear that he did not allege any biasness until his present
application was filed.

77 I reiterate that Mr Ong did not appeal against my substantive decision in
the trial ordering him to provide a proper account of the assets of the
father’s estate. Perhaps realising that this omission negated many of his
complaints against me, he has now suggested, also for the first time (at para
37 of his second supporting affidavit), that my substantive decision “could be
subject to some form of judicial review”. Contrary to his allegation that this
is a justification to disqualify this court from hearing matters arising from
the mother’s estate, it is not. Rather, it is another invalid excuse to
justify his baseless allegations.

Language

78 In Attorney-General v Tan Liang Joo John and others [2009] 2 SLR(R) 1132
(“Tan Liang Joo John”), Judith Prakash J said at [14]–[18]:

14 Fair criticism does not amount to contempt of court. In an off-cited
passage from Andre Paul Terence Ambard v The Attorney-General of Trinidad and
Tobago [1936] 1 AII ER 704 (“Ambard”), Lord Atkin elaborated that (at 709):

But whether the authority and position of an individual judge or the due
administration of justice is concerned, no wrong is committed by any member of
the public who exercises the ordinary right of criticising in good faith in
private or public the public act done in the seat of justice. The path of
criticism is a public way: the wrong headed are permitted to err therein:
provided that members of the public abstain from imputing improper motives to
those taking part in the administration of justice, and are genuinely
exercising a right of criticism and not acting in malice of attempting to
impair the administration of justice, they are immune. Justice is not a
cloistered virtue: she must be allowed to suffer the scrutiny and respectful
even though outspoken comments of ordinary men.

15 It is apparent from Lord Atkin’s reasoning, however, that there are limits
to the right of fair criticism. The criticism must be made in good faith and
must also be respectful. In determining whether mala fides has been proved,
the court can take into account a wide range of factors.

16 One relevant factor is the extent to which the allegedly fair criticism is
supported by argument and evidence. …

17 …

18 Another relevant factor is the manner in which the alleged criticism is
made. The criticism must generally be expressed in a temperate and
dispassionate manner, since an intention to vilify the courts is easily
inferred where outrageous and abusive language is used (see Borrie & Lowe: The
Law of Contempt (Nigel Lowe and Brenda Sufrin, Butterworths, 3rd Ed, 1996
(“Borrie & Lowe”) at p 349). …

79 Although Mr Ong was aware that any criticism of the court must be in
language which is temperate as he himself cited the judgment of Prakash J in
Tan Liang Joo John, his language was not temperate. In his two supporting
affidavits, he used words like “procurement”, “extreme biasness”,
“complicity”, “flip-flopped”, “sham”, “vehemently refused” and “swept under
the carpet” against this court. He even alleged that I had “morphed from a
judge into a supernumery [sic] opposing lawyer” (see para 58 of his first
supporting affidavit). He also referred to Re Raffles Town Club Pte Ltd [2008]
2 SLR(R) 1101 at [7] to allege that I cannot “fully remove all trace of odour
from the air of impartiality. Indeed, the more [I] seek to justify [my]
position, the stronger the smell may grow.”

80 I add that Mr Ong had omitted some important words in his quotation. In
that case, the court had said that the individual concerned “might still not
fully remove all trace of odour from the air of impartiality …” [emphasis
added]. On the other hand, Mr Ong was saying that in fact this court “cannot”
fully remove all trace of odour. Also, in that case, the allegation was an
appearance of bias and not actual bias.

Outcome

81 I decided to recuse myself not because there was any merit in Mr Ong’s
allegations against me but because, in the interest of justice, I was of the
view that I should not hear his disputes with Mdm Ong in respect of the
mother’s estate since I was contemplating making a complaint about Mr Ong’s
conduct to the appropriate authorities. In my view, his allegations against
this court were not made bona fide and he was acting in contempt of court.
However, that is to be dealt with separately.

82 I also considered that there would be no undue prejudice to Mdm Ong if I
should recuse myself since I had not yet begun to hear any matter in respect
of the mother’s estate.

Woo Bih Li  
Judge

The plaintiff in person;  
Carolyn Tan and Tony Au (Tan & Au LLP) for the defendant.  

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 11 Jan 2022 (19:48 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

